THE STANLEIGH ROSE
By Moylan Green 
Copyright 2018 Moylan Green
Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One - Finding a way
Chapter Two - An unexpected turn
Chapter Three - Arrival of a Letter
Chapter Four - Journey’s end
Chapter Five - Taking Stock
Chapter Six - Lord of the manor
Chapter Seven - Singing while you work
Chapter Eight - Duplicity exposed
Chapter Nine - Power and certainty
Chapter Ten - The Stanleigh rose
Chapter Eleven - Taking Tea
Chapter Twelve - Meeting in the garden
Chapter Thirteen - Medicinal herbs
Chapter Fourteen - The scents of spring
Chapter Fifteen - Dust motes in the sunlight
Chapter Sixteen - Avoidance of duty
Chapter Seventeen - Understanding undercurrents
Chapter Eighteen - Sorrel and Crusader
Chapter Nineteen - Tempers frayed
Chapter Twenty - Church picnic
Chapter Twenty - One Fetching water lilies
Chapter Twenty Two - Wax flowers
Chapter Twenty Three - Giving favours
Chapter Twenty Four - Propositions and proposals
Chapter Twenty Five - No Hasty decisions
Chapter Twenty Six - Unfinished business
Chapter Twenty Seven - Assumptions and revelations
Epilogue
Prologue
The hose made its usual hissing noise as it uncoiled, a black snake of tubing.
Peter jerked the tap down, and felt the tug on the hose as the water began to flow through it. It was warm and humid in the orangery, the lush green of the plants contrasting with the blues and greys of the snow outside the windows. So warm that he mopped his forehead with his sleeve, pulling back at his mane of hair. Often he went home drenched, from standing under the plants as they splashed the cold water on his face. But he wouldn't have it any other way. His flesh and blood was part of this place.
He directed the hose at an oleander. Not flowering yet, of course, but the long leaves were attractive in themselves.
A movement in the corner of his eye caught his attention. It was his cousin, Manfred, overseer of the estate and heir to the Stanleigh title, walking toward the orangery. From the belligerent set of his shoulders, there would soon be one of those interviews that were becoming way too familiar. Oh well. Get on with watering, and think of the end result. Think of the future. Time was running out; both Peter and Manfred knew that their lives would be changing very soon now, which frayed both their tempers.
Peter sighed, and turned the hose to water his prize rosebush, the tender leaf buds just beginning to form. Soon things would get better, or else get worse. He just had to wait. 
Chapter One
Heather Leithbridge sat at the desk, her attention absorbed by some papers before her. The room she sat in was small, and the furniture mismatched. It clearly a room where all the unfashionable pieces of furniture in the house had been bundled together banished.
Tables and chairs of a hundred years ago stood unpolished and neglected. Their Regency designs were graceful and curving as they stood crammed shoulder to shoulder. No room between them, empty of ornament, they had no place downstairs having been replaced by massively carved structures, now smothered in bits of lace and wax flowers. Heather didn't mind the lack of current fripperies, but often wished Isobel would sell some of the furniture, or allow her to have one or two pretty ornaments to grace the room.
The room was at least functional; the desk was very clearly a work desk, and she could use the other tables and chairs to sort different piles of work. 
Heather herself was not out of place amongst the old fashioned shabbiness surrounding her. Her brown hair, though carefully parted and coiled into a knot at the nape of her neck, showed none of the elaborate dressing which may have been expected of a gentlewoman so young. Her hair gleamed softly with chestnut lights in the shaft of sunlight that fell onto it. Wisps of hair around her face had a tendency to escape their bondage and curl across her cheeks and forehead.
“Get back into place!” she was known to say sternly to the bits of stubborn hair. 
She had a round, sweet face, with deep blue eyes framed by dark lashes. Her creamy skin was tinged with pink at her cheeks. Her face refused to look like those simpering misses depicted in fashionable magazines; her eyes sparked with humour and natural grace, and she did not have the necessary ability to look vacuous when the occasion demanded it. Her upbringing had not been the norm for a young lady of leisure – which indeed she was not. She had not been brought up in a nursery with a nanny, and did not have a mother or father or governess to tell her how young ladies should behave. She’d had to work it out herself.
Smiles came readily to her face, her eyes lit up easily, and she suppressed laughter more often than frowns. She was neither tall nor short, but the right size for a lady, her figure curved in what she often thought was pleasing. 
Heather's youth and refinement were at odds with her clothes. She wore a brown dress of what was once a good fabric. It had been fitted Heather with obvious care, but any amount of sewing could not hide the fact that the dress had once been of a different pattern to fit a different person. It was plain, with a tight bodice, smooth across her arms and shoulders, but with scantily gathered skirts. The required trimming that such a dress required was reduced to a small muslin flounce and a slightly worn, deep blue ribbon, tied at her throat. 
She sat at the serviceable wooden desk, drawers and pigeonholes crammed with papers, letters, and bills. The desk had been her uncles’ – a massive, manly piece of furniture which had been sent to the attic when a prettier piece was chosen for the downstairs library. Most of the surface of the desk was piled up with small heaps of papers; an organized chaos.
Heather reached for the top envelope on a pile that had been delivered that morning. She slit it with a paper knife and shook out a bill for last month's coal delivery. 
She sighed.
“She's not going to like this,” she said to herself, shaking her head. 
She bent over the desk and rapidly entered some figures in a large book.
A knock on the door disturbed her. 
“Yes?” she said, slitting the next envelope. The door opened to show Ellie, the housemaid. Ellie was tiny and Welsh, with a dimpled face and light brown curls. Heather and Ellie had known each other for years, and had become good friends.
“The missus wants to see you,” Ellie said, grinning at the look of dismay on Heather's face. 
The missus was Ellie's employer, and Heather's Aunt Isobel. If Isobel had given Heather a wage for the work Heather did for her, then she would be Heather’s employer too. As it was, Heather worked hard for no wages and no privileges; she was a poor relation and therefore worked for nothing but the right to live in the house and accept food and cast-offs.
“How is she?” asked Heather, getting up, and moving towards the mirror. She stared into it, and carefully smoothed a stray lock of hair with a wetted finger. It was best not to appear too untidy, although it was also not wise to appear too late, and be accused of preening oneself. 
“Could go either way!” said Ellie. “She seemed in a good temper this morning, when she had her breakfast.” 
“That doesn't mean anything,” replied Heather, frowning at her reflection in the mirror. “And there are a number of bills to be paid. She never likes this time of year, when so much coal and candles and oil are needed for the house.” Heather shivered slightly. Her attic room was seldom heated, and she worked by the light of a small lamp. Thankfully the window let in enough sunlight to work during the daytime and the kitchen chimney flue passed one of the walls, heating it slightly.
Both girls exchanged grimaces as Heather left the room, hurrying across the landing.
“Tardiness” was not a word Isobel knew.
Heather ran lightly down the two flights of stairs to her Aunt's parlour. The tall London house was located in a respectable part of the city. Isobel had been twice left a widow, the second time with a substantial income. Heather had been ten then, and had been living with the Mashams for nine years. 
She had liked her Uncle William, who was her mother's brother. Both of Heather's parents had died when she was a year old, and she had been sent to London by her father's relatives, as there was no-one else to look after her. She was brought into the Masham household by William Masham, who didn’t mind another child in the house. Isobel and William had no children during their ten year marriage, although Isobel had one son, Clarence, by a short-lived previous marriage. 
Heather knocked and entered the parlour. Her aunt was sitting at a high winged chair, with her embroidery on her lap. Heather found the room was overwhelming. Every surface in the room had been embellished with some form of decoration, and made the room appear small and crowded. 
Embroidered cushions and hangings, tapestry chairs and rugs, lacy curtains and tablecloths, wax and feather flowers, stuffed birds, vases of dried roses, lithographic prints of the Queen and Prince Albert, flowers and landscapes, littered the numerous table tops and sideboards and whatnots. 
The room smelt stuffy, of heavily lived in spaces, where windows were never opened in fear of letting in disease. When Heather had been small, she had dared to open her window and breathe in the smell of suburban London, of horses and bustling, and the scent of autumn leaves in the gutters. Her aunt had marched over to the window and slammed it shut, berating Heather for letting in the poisons found in the great city. She had been sent to her room for the day, and never dared open a window again without first looking around guiltily.
“Good morning, Aunt Isobel,” she said with some hesitation. Her aunt insisted on being called Aunt Isobel, in case someone should take Heather to be her daughter, as had happened more than once before. Isobel nodded curtly. 
“Sit down, I have something to say,” she said, giving no indication of good or bad news. Heather settled herself on one of the appallingly uncomfortable chairs that made up the dinner set. Carved and gilded, they seemed to be made to fit shapeless, wooden figures. 
She looked at Isobel's profile. Isobel had carried her position of “wealthy widow” well. Her features were aristocratic, even overbearing, with a strong chin and long nose. Thin, wispy, black hair was greying at her temples. Her narrow, dark eyes bore down upon all manner of mischief (real or supposed); her nose was aptly long for peering into other people’s business. She held important positions on various charitable committees. Heather remembered occasions where she had been summoned to the parlour during committee meetings. The benevolent, self-satisfied air around her aunt at these occasions had suggested that Isobel enjoyed a position amongst her peers for showing charity in the home. 
Heather was constantly reminded that she was an inferior in the household, there on sufferance, and perhaps to show how generous her aunt was. If Isobel had resented having to bring Heather up, she had turned it to her advantage. Far from being a burden to her Aunt, Heather acted as an unpaid servant, accounts manager, and housekeeper. Heather couldn't resent her position. It was the way it was, no more, no less. Though she often regretted the deal life had dealt her, she was by nature a cheerful young lady, who could be trusted to turn every situation in something slightly amusing, or at least not as bad as it would first appear.
Isobel turned her face to Heather's. Her mouth was compressed to a thin line. 
She began to speak. 
“My son, dear Clarence, is turning twenty five next week,” Isobel said to Heather. 
“Yes, Aunt Isobel”, said Heather. 
She hoped the engraved pen she had bought for Clarence's birthday was an appropriate present in her Aunt's eyes. Isobel could be very severe when it came to Clarence. She was severe with Clarence as she was with Heather, but was more generous when it came to her son. She very seldom found fault with him.
“Well,” said Isobel, brushing Heather’s comment aside, “he has expressed an interest in going to the opera, and attending the Harrington's ball next week for his birthday. He has requested you accompany him.” 
Disapproval was loud in Isobel's voice. 
“As it is the occasion of his birthday, and as you appear able to conduct yourself well in public, I have no objection to your going. You will need something to wear. I do not have enough money to throw away on such things, so you may use this to make yourself a gown.” She gestured to a folded grey silk garment which sat on the table. 
“I have no doubt you will make something suitable. You may take it now.”
Heather stammered her thanks, and took up the pile. Leaving the room, she turned to her aunt.
“I have always wanted to go to a ball,” she began. Isobel looked at her, an eyebrow arched. 
“You think entirely too much of yourself,” she said. “See you don't neglect your duties in the house.” 
“No, Aunt Isobel,” replied Heather turning away and walking rapidly out of the room. 
She bounced up the stairs, the sheer silk cool in her hands, threw open the door to her room up to her room, and spread it on the bed. It turned out to be a dress, recognisable as one of Isobel's, long retired to morning wear, when she would not be seeing visitors. The silk was still good in the skirt, but strained and faded around the sleeves and bodice. The bodice had a few marks down the front, where food had been dropped.
Thankfully the skirt was a generous cut. Heather snatched up a pair of scissors and cut away the waistband. She spread out the fabric. There would be enough material to make a ball gown with the skirt alone, as the bodice would be small, and the sleeves short. Heather was shorter and more slender than Isobel.
She considered the silk for a long moment. The colour was not auspicious; grey generally considered the colour of mourning. 
“Well,” thought Heather, “I can mourn my loss of solemnity...perhaps! I have no doubt it will be a long time before there is another occasion like this!” 
It was good of Clarence to think of her. He had always been supportive of her, on occasion; if he didn't think his support would earn the ire of his mother. Since she had been old enough to attend some of the lessons with his tutor, they had developed a rapport that she had found with no one else. 
Having grown up together, recently they had seen less of each other. Clarence had followed the path laid down by his parents, and had taken on banking as his career. He was working his way up in his step-father's bank. His responsible attitude and dependable personality had stood him in good stead, and he had gained promotions so that he was now in a position of trust and respect. 
When her aunt had told her she was to be taking lessons with Clarence, Heather had fondly imagined that she was being treated as an equal in the house. She had soon discovered her mistake; Isobel wished her to read and figure, to keep the accounts for the household. At the age of twelve she began her work as unpaid servant; as soon as her secretarial work of her Aunt was of a standard high enough to not need checking, she stopped attending lessons.
Her aunt would leaf through the pile of mail in the mornings, take out the personal correspondence and send the business and unpleasant letters to Heather, who would spend the morning drafting replies (which Isobel would copy in her own hand to send).
Heather knew how to economise, how to deal with tradesmen, and how to run a household. She had no friends of her own age, meeting only her aunt's friends when her aunt was willing. Isobel and Heather had no thoughts or ideas in common, with the result that they met only at meals and when Isobel wished to see Heather. 
Isobel had once toyed with the idea of making Heather her “companion”, but after a day or so trial, had decided that Heather was better used as a business tool. There was no friendship or sympathy in their relationship.
Heather had long since resigned herself to her fate, and accepted that she was the poor relation. It did not help to have this pushed into her face constantly. She was young, and yearned for pretty clothes, and books, and to go dancing and to the theatre. If she was lucky, she was allowed to go to the market, if her aunt's friends were busy, and Isobel needed a companion to help carry. But these trips often added fuel to the fire that burned inside Heather. She could look, but not touch or buy.
The allowance she received was solely to pay for gifts for the family and Isobel's friends. She was stuck where she was – a gentlewoman could not get a job bookkeeping, which is what Heather was trained to do.
She frowned down at silk before her. She would not be able to afford any sort of trimming for the dress.
“Well,” she said resolutely to herself, “I'll just do what I usually do...find a way!”
There were some old clothes stored away in one of the top attic rooms. Heather knew what was there as she kept the inventory and often removed or added items to it according to Isobel’s whim. 
She added tiny pearl buttons to the front of the dress that she found in the old jars in the storage room. She also knew there was some old lace, kept over from a dress of a hundred years ago, slightly yellowed. The lace had been crocheted long ago with great care and detail. It was unlike any of the laces Heather had ever seen at the market. 
“It has class, and soul,” she thought, stitching away. She carefully bleached it to a creamy white, and sewed it with tiny stitches it onto the neckline and sleeves of her grey dress. It gave her a delicate, old fashioned look.
When she tried on the dress, she seemed transformed.
Her shoulders and neck glowed a pure creamy white above the frothy lace. The lack of the correct style of hoop skirts had been overcome by wearing all her petticoats, which had made her warm, but had given her nearly the required shape. The skirt billowed out at the waist and swished satisfyingly around her ankles. She used her blue silk ribbon as a sash around her waist.
With Ellie's help, she dressed her hair with an elaborate plait at the nape of her neck, and stealthily taken a blue silk flower from one of her aunt's floral arrangements to pin into her hair. 
Ellie stood back after helping her dress, and said with satisfaction that there was no finer lady in London.
Heather, looking into the mirror at her wide blue eyes, flushed cheeks, and glossy brown hair, secretly agreed.
From the look of admiration on Clarence's face as she descended the stairs in her new silk dress, she knew she was going to enjoy herself at the ball. His compliments on her outfit and beauty were somewhat dampened a little by Isobel's obvious disapproval.
Though Heather found that for once, she didn't care to gain her Aunt's opinion. The entire thing had been sanctioned by Isobel, and making over the dress to wear in public were Isobel’s orders, no matter how ungracious her Aunt was at her success. She flushed and accepted Clarence’s hand to step into the coach to start their evening out.
The theatre was exciting – she’d never been to a play before, and was entranced. Afterwards, the ball was a dream come true. And Clarence's friends hurried over to her to fill in her dance card; despite the fact that she protested she could not dance – they all took care to teach her and no one winced too much when she trod on their feet. She may have lacked jewellery and a finely made, fashionable dress, but her sparkling personality made up for it and she was not the worst-dressed woman there, she noted.
The evening passed in a whirl. She ate what seemed like hundreds of delicious things, and drank lemonade and punch.
She enjoyed herself thoroughly, and once home, had unlaced her dress, and sunk into bed, exhausted and happy.
She fell into a deep slumber and was only awoken the next morning when she heard the door open. 
Chapter Two
“Breakfast, Miss Heather,” said Ellie, drawing back the blinds.
“But I just got to bed!” complained Heather, shielding her eyes from the bright sunlight.
“If you must dance the night away, that's your business,” said Ellie in a mock-severe tone, mimicking Isobel's, “but breakfast will always be at eight o'clock sharp, and I hope you have manners enough to be punctual”. 
“All right, all right, see, I'm getting up,” said Heather. “If you could put away my dress? Thank you!” 
She pointed to the pile of grey silk draped over a chair. 
“Did you enjoy yourself?” asked Ellie, picking up the dress and smoothing down the crumpled skirts. 
“Oh, yes!” sighed Heather, swinging out of bed and reaching for her hairbrush. “Though I believe a large number of men will have very sore feet today! I am NOT a good dancer!”
Both girls laughed, and Heather got dressed while Ellie hung the dress and took the blue flower to be returned back to its home.
Sleepy from her unaccustomed late night, Heather arrived at the breakfast table a few minutes early. She felt muddle-headed, and absently spread butter on her toast. Isobel had not arrived yet, she noticed, and Clarence had already eaten, as his plate had been cleared.
The door opened and Isobel walked in. 
“Good morning, aunt Isobel,” said Heather. Isobel nodded. She took her place, and picked up the coffee pot. Breakfast was eaten in silence. No allusion was made to the previous night or of Clarence's absence from the meal. 
Then Isobel spoke suddenly. 
“You are turning twenty one in four months, I believe,” she said. Heather, caught while taking a sip of tea, swallowed hurriedly.
“Yes aunt Isobel,” she said.
“I wish to speak frankly,” Isobel's eyes bore into Heather's.
“Yes, Aunt Isobel?” Heather put her cup into the saucer with trembling hands. 
“Have you given any thought to your future?” asked Isobel, frowning slightly. 
“Well, a little...”
“Did any of the young men you met last night try to engage your attentions?” Isobel continued.
Puzzled, Heather replied, “I don't think so, Aunt Isobel.” 
“You have reached an age where it is costing me too much to keep you,” Isobel said at her most benevolent, nodding her head, as he heaped jam on her bread.
This, Heather thought ruefully, was not entirely true, as she did the work of secretary and housekeeper for no money at all. And she had few other expenses, as all her clothes were cast-offs, and she received no real allowance or pin money. She cost what she ate and drank, and perhaps a little in coal and candles.
However, she dutifully replied, “I'm sorry, Aunt Isobel.” 
“Yes,” said Isobel, warming to her role as charitable beyond her means, “I have decided what you will do in the future.” Her gaze did not leave Heather's, judging and surveying her reactions as she raised her cup to her lips. There was something behind the words that Heather could not guess at.
Heather looked at her rapidly cooling toast, and waited nervously. She had lost her appetite. The delight of last night was gone, a remembered treat.
Her aunt’s next words came as an utter shock to her.
“Your mother and my husband made plans when you were born,” she continued. “Your mother, when she was sick, asked me to take care of you if anything happened. Your uncle and I were only too glad to comply. One thing your mother was insistent about was that we find you a good husband.'
Isobel watched Heather, her black eyes slitted, giving nothing away. “I believe that you and my son Clarence would be eminently well matched.” 
Heather felt as though Isobel had just done something uncanny. In fact, the idea of Isobel getting up and doing a little dance was more likely than what she just said.
“Marry...Clarence? But, I mean, Clarence is...” 
“You have a small dowry kept in trust until you marry,” continued Isobel relentlessly,” and you have a little talent in running a household.
“Now that Clarence has reached promotion at his bank, he will need to entertain in his own house. Your behaviour last night proved that you are able to act well amongst his acquaintances. There are no other suitable young ladies of his acquaintance.”
“What makes me so suitable?” Heather burst out, earning a frown from her aunt. 
“You have breeding, my dear,” she said patronisingly. “You are a Leithbridge, one of the oldest families in England.”
Ah, social snobbery realised Heather. The thought confused her. She, Heather Leithbridge, was as used to thinking of herself as a nobody, but she was reminded now that she was indeed was well-born.
Her aunt's social standing would be increased to have her son marry a gentleman's daughter. For her aunt was not well-bred, with her family seeped in trade. Clarence, though banking was suitable and worthy, was certainly not out of societies’ top drawer. Heather knew dimly that the Leithbridges were a respected family, who had married Dukes and Lords in the past. She was also a Stanleigh, through her mother, which meant that she was not so distantly related to a Lord. This would impress Clarence’s contacts at the bank, as well as Isobel's friends. How very astonishing.
She was aware that her aunt was critically surveying her. An answer was expected. There was only one to give. She had nowhere else to go. 
“I will try to be a good wife to Clarence,” she said dutifully.
Isobel nodded and smiled.
“Well, my dear, Clarence had to leave early this morning, but you will see him this evening.” Her voice sounded integrating, insidious. 
“I look forward to seeing him,” said Heather woodenly.
“We will arrange the wedding as soon as possible,” continued Isobel. At Heather's involuntary startled glance, she said quickly, “You have known each other for years. And though I brought you up as my daughter, you and he are in no way related.” She paused for a moment.
“I think you should marry the day before your birthday,” she said, staring hard at Heather. 
Heather sat in silence, unable to speak.
“Now, dear, you may leave,” said Isobel majestically rising. Her nose looked longer, her hair more autocratic, her posture more self-important than ever. “I will make all the arrangements.”
Heather stood while her aunt left the room. She let enough time for her aunt to clear the stairs, and then ran quickly to her little attic room. She wanted to be alone to think. 
Her aunt’s unexpected behaviour had stunned her. She sat on the bed, staring at her hands.
What would a future as Clarence's wife bring her? She had to try and think about this clearly.
Married to Clarence? What would that bring her?
Well, to begin with, she would never escape from Isobel. Isobel would continue to tell her what to do, and would take control of her social group. Heather would attend committee meetings, learn to tatt, and stand behind the punch bowl at charity events.
“This is Clarence's wife,” Isobel would say to her friends. “I raised her as my own child. Her father was a Leithbridge, her mother a Stanleigh.” 
And they would murmur their admiration and envy, perhaps relieved that she had not decided that one of their daughters would marry Clarence. Isobel as a relative (even an in-law) would be a daunting thought.
Clarence would continue his life in the bank, going to his mother for advice. Isobel would arrange them a suitable wedding, would send them to relatives in the country for the honeymoon.
Isobel would tell Clarence where to live. He would buy a house in the same area, possibly the same street as his mother, a few houses down, and let his mother make all his decisions as usual. Their china pattern, what colours the curtains should be. The house would be filled with overstuffed pillows and overstuffed birds in little glass domes. All the truly ugly things her aunt liked, Heather would have in her house. There was no escape. Clarence was under the influence of his mother. When to ask for promotion, who to invite to dinner. Two tears rolled down Heather's cheeks, which she dashed away when a knock sounded at the door.
“Come in”, she said, steadying her voice. 
It was Clarence, looking flushed. He had come home again to speak to her - and he looks as uncomfortable as me, thought Heather. His face was flushed, and Heather felt the wetness of the tears still on her face. 
“I'm sorry to disturb you here,” said Clarence, who realised the impropriety of entering a young woman's room, “but I felt I had to speak to you.” He paused and didn’t seem to know what to do with his hands.
“I just spoke to mother. She said she had talked to you at breakfast.”
He fingered his collar nervously. Heather sat on the bed and gazed at him. He was not a romantic hero; he was not the man who would rescue her from her dreary existence. He was Clarence, her friend. 
Pale, nondescript hair, brown eyes, a nice face. His dark brown suit, appropriate for his job at the bank. She imagined him sitting behind his desk at the bank. Probably sorting the mail, as she did here. We are both trapped, there is no escape. She felt wretched. 
“Heather,” he said, coming over to her and grasping her hand, “This may be a little late in coming, but would you marry me?” 
“I will,” said Heather, faintly.
“Thank you, my dear. You will never regret it,” said Clarence, and in the silence that followed, bent and kissed her hand. He looked up into her eyes, and she read relief in them. They both smiled. The nervousness he had when he entered the room seemed to have left him. Would that I could be so satisfied with all of this, thought Heather. 
“I must go,” he said, dropping her hand. “Do you need anything?” 
Heather shook her head and watched his back as he left the room. 
The sound of his footsteps on the stairs had not faded before she burst into tears. The future she had wanted, where was it? What was it? She had always dimly imagined she would escape from her aunt, perhaps become a governess...at least if she was employed in a menial position, she would have some time to herself. And a salary. Any was better than nothing! 
She was trapped her, trapped with Isobel forever. Wild hopes of escaping, leaving and seeking a position, were not possible. She had no money, she had no references. She had practically run this house single-handed for years, but who would believe that?
And Clarence would be telling his mother that they were to be married. Isobel knew, she had decided it herself; it was just a courtesy on her part to allow Clarence to ask Heather. She loved Clarence, but as a friend. How could she possibly marry him? 
Chapter Three
The next few weeks were filled with many things happening that seemed to whirl by Heather as thought she was in a dream. Heather's new station in life had been catered for. New dresses had been ordered, so that she would be well dressed for company, but it was Isobel's taste had overruled Heather’s. The dressmaker, a thin, small woman with greying hair, had decidedly old fashioned ideas, and Heather felt uncomfortable in clothing suited more for a middle aged woman than to a young bride. She had secretly started modifying the dresses so that they would suit her more. She removed some of the more revolting trimmings without a qualm, flinging lace and feathers into the fire, which left some of the outfits a little plain, but it was a style that suited her. 
She had received annoyed looks from Isobel when she wore some of the modified clothes, and these on top of the rest had made her even life less comfortable than it had been before. She felt close to breaking point. She kept hoping for something to happen soon, to prevent this wedding occurring. But it all seemed to be inevitable.
Meanwhile, plans for the wedding had been made. Isobel had decided Heather should wear the dress she herself had worn at her marriage to William Masham.
The heavy white lace veil was beautiful, but the dress did not fit, and was being made over. Heather had stood, covered in pins and tape for the fitting, and had felt like crying.
It seemed as though there could be no escape.
Then something happened that would change everything.
Isobel, usually of robust constitution, had complained of a headache two weeks after the announcement of Heather and Clarence's engagement. The next day it was clear that she was feverish and weak, the doctor had been sent for, and the verdict of influenza pronounced. 
It had released a lot of the tension Heather had felt herself to be under, as she was able to have time to herself. Isobel had insisted Heather accompany her to teas with her social circle, and Heather felt the strain in her cheek muscles from smiling politely, and a strain in her tongue from not answering the countless inane questions with a sharp and unsuitable retort.
It seemed that the promotion from poor relation to daughter in law was going to mean that Heather was to be companion to Isobel, after all. The illness had come as a welcome release from these tedious visits. 
Heather was kept busy, attending to the needs of her bedridden aunt. Isobel was not an easy patient. She was demanding and cross, as were most people of strength, when they were forced to endure weakness. Isobel's wavering voice and lack of physical vigour had annoyed her, and she treated Heather with the annoyance she could no exude any other way. Heather had taken the insults well, excusing her aunt for felling ill.
But she resented them nonetheless. 
It seemed that Isobel had felt she was able to treat Heather with open contempt now that she was to marry Clarence. 
It had, in the past, been customary for Isobel to send up the letters that needed attention to be placed on Heather's desk. This had continued unchanged since the engagement. But, because her aunt had been ill, Heather had started fetching and sorting the mail herself. The third morning of Isobel’s illness, there was a letter for herself. It looked official from the envelope, and not a congratulatory letter for her and Clarence as she had been used to seeing, already opened, as Clarence handed them to her.
This letter looked important.
Curiously she slit open the thick cream envelope, with a crest embossed at the left corner. Opening the sheet inside, she read the contents
*
Dear Miss Leithbridge,
As mentioned in previous correspondence, the trusteeship of the estate of Jonathon Lethbridge and Mary Leithbridge (ne Masham) will discontinue on your attaining of your majority and you will fully inherit the full assets as the sole beneficiary as outlined. Consequently, your quarterly allowance will cease, and you will fully inherit the estate, “The Groves”. I would be pleased to discuss the details with you at your convenience. 
Sincerely 
D.  Robertson
 Robertson Solicitors Pty Ltd
*
Well.
Heather stared in silence at the paper for a long time. 
She did not understand this letter, though it seemed to indicate that she was due to inherit some land, and she also knew she’d never heard of this in her life. 
Previous correspondence? There may be some mistake, but she wasn’t sure who had made it! 
She decided that she needed to go and find out from D. Robertson herself. Isobel could be looked after by the servants this morning. Directly after breakfast, she donned her shawl and bonnet, and slipped out of the house. She walked directly to the solicitor's office; it was in the same part of London as the house and she knew the street well as one crammed with offices, doctors, and professionals.
After some consternation on the part of the secretary, as she had no appointment, she was admitted to the consulting room of “Mr  Robertson Snr”, the founder of the firm.
“How do you do...Miss Leithbridge, I am very pleased to meet you finally,” smiled the benevolent solicitor. He was a rotund man in a green office jacket with a liberal sprinkling of crumbs over his broad stomach. His bristling eyebrows raised as he peered at her over his huge desk (also littered with crumbs).
“How do you do, sir. I am wondering if you can help me… I received this letter today, and I was wondering about it...” Heather handed it over to Mr  Robertson.
“Ah, yes, the Leithbridge account,” said Mr  Robertson, peering at the letter. “Yes, yes, your estate. You will fully inherit when you turn twenty one; I have all the paperwork for you to sign ready for that day.”
Heather took a deep breath.
“Do you mean that I inherit a dowry?” she asked.
“No, unless you want to call your family estates a dowry!” said Mr  Robertson chuckling from his ample belly. When she did not join in, he glanced at her in surprise. He read something in her face that made him pause 
“Your inheritance – the family estate…you know of course that you are the direct beneficiary under the terms of your parent’s will…the entail didn’t include the estate, just the title…” He was disconcerted by her shaking her head. “You don’t know any of this?”
“No!” said Heather, stunned. She gripped the edge of the desk and stared at Mr  Robertson in consternation.
“But I have been of the understanding that I have corresponding with you since you turned eighteen, when your guardian, a Mrs Masham allowed you to take some direct interest in your affairs!”
Heather stared at him.
“Mrs Masham! Aunt Isobel! I never knew! I've never written to you or received any letters from you in my life!” she cried.
He frowned.
“What about your allowance? You’ve been paid that since you were a small child, have you never wondered where it came from?” he asked her.
Heather felt a shock run through her.
“Allowance,” she repeated dumbly.
“Yes, you have been getting a portion of the interest, paid to your guardian for your education and living expenses since your parents died. When you turned eighteen it was handed directly to you...” He named a very generous sum. Heather’s head whirled; she did a quick calculation. A year’s allowance was about three times the living expenses of Isobel’s entire household.
The look of shock on Heather's face stopped him.
“Well,” he said in a gentler tone, leaning back in the chair and clasping his hands over his belly, “It looks as though someone has been more than a little deceitful about this affair. You, my girl, are a very wealthy young woman. The bulk of the Stanleigh family estates are yours, inherited through your father.”
Heather managed an almost inaudible squeak. Mr  Robertson settled back in his chair. “I had better explain from the beginning, had I not?” he smiled kindly at her.
He began to explain. 
Heather's grandmother, Dianne Masham had been the daughter of Lord Thomas Stanleigh, of the Stanleigh estates in Oxfordshire. She had married, to the consternation but reluctant approval of her parents, a Mr Masham, a respectable by not titled gentleman. They had had two children, Heather's mother, Mary, and William, who had married a widow, Isobel Dark. The property and money of the Stanleighs was not entailed, and the bulk of the inheritance had passed through the female line to Mary, who married Jonathan Leithbridge, and then it passed on to Heather 
Apparently there had been some disagreement between William and his parents that meant they’d left the bulk of the estate to their daughter rather than their sons.
The Stanleigh title had gone to the younger brother of Dianne's, who had three children. The first born male had died, the daughter had scandalously married the gardener in a runaway match, and the third, Lord Stanleigh, had married the beauty of the London season, and lived in debt until his death, passing the title to his one son.
The upshot of it was that Heather was a rich woman, and undisputedly owned the ancestral estates of The Groves. She also had some distant relatives through the Stanleigh line – they shared great grandparents. 
“But,” said Heather, “who has been living there until now?” 
“It has been leased until you attained your majority,'“said Mr  Robertson, ponderous and benign behind the large oak desk. The tenants vacated a number of months ago, I had thought with your approval. The house may be in a condition of mild neglect, but it’s fully staffed and the farm estates certainly have been managed well.
“And now it's all mine?” 
“Yes, I will sign over the control on your birthday, if you wish that; it’s up to you what you want to do with it.”
He tapped a file of papers before him, and opened them. The topmost was the Will of her parents. The bold flourishes of her father's name stood next to the gentle hand of her mother.
“What should I do now?” asked Heather, ashen faced. “I had no clue as to any of this.”
Mr  Robertson considered her for a moment.
“This is most unexpected….to me, but to you more so! Well. What to do.” He laced his fingers together and looked at her. 
“I suggest you travel to your estates, and try to sort out this out there. You are twenty one in a few weeks? You will have complete control then. I can advance you some money, if you wish, and send the paperwork there to sign? Perhaps it may be best to…start afresh. You are nearly of age; no one can force you to do anything. I certainly would not sanction any attempt by your…guardian…to influence you further on this or any other matter.”
“Yes. I will go to the estate. I can’t think, I’m sorry…I must go.”
“It was a pleasure meeting you. May I say I would prefer to deal with you than you’re…Aunt.”
Heather nodded and waited while he left the room and came back with en envelope of money. He noted the amount in a ledger, and handed it to her. 
“Just a small advance, you will have full access to the principle soon enough. This should do.” Heather thanked him, stuffed it into her bag.
She slowly walked home, in a daze, barely seeing anything around her, and went straight up to her room. She opened the envelope and counted out the money the solicitor had given her. It was more money she had ever handled in her life. She had looked around the bare, ramshackle room. A fit of near hysterical laughter shook her, and she sat on the bed and giggled and cried (for all the world like a madwoman!) for a long time, until she hiccupped into silence. Feeling better, she had sent for Ellie, and told the stunned girl what had occurred. 
Ellie sat open mouthed on the bed, staring at the money lying in the envelope on the bed, and picked up the letter and looked at it, then back at Heather. 
“I'm leaving, Ellie,” Heather had said to the dumbfounded maid. “I’m going to see this estate of mine. Would you come and be my...personal maid?”
“Personal Maid, miss!” squealed Ellie, “Oh, miss!” They laughed together and hugged.
When they had sobered up, Ellie frowned. “We have to pack your things and my things, then. When do we go?”
“As soon as possible,” said Heather. “I don't want to stay in the house any longer than I must.” 
Chapter Four
Leaving Ellie to start to sort out what to pack, she went to her desk down and picked up her pen. She needed to write two rather difficult letters. One to Clarence, telling him she was leaving for an unknown length of time, and would contact him soon. One to her aunt, telling her she was aware of her inheritance, and was traveling to Oxfordshire to see it. 
There was a lot more to say, but she was unable to say it. It was better to be brief, she had thought, and not recriminate. She felt sick at the thought of her aunt again. She also felt cowardly by leaving letters and not speaking to them face to face, but she was barely holding herself together, and needed to get away and have a clear head before she could deal with the lies Isobel had fed her all her life.
She left the letters sitting on her desk, addressed to Clarence and to Isobel. Someone would find them eventually.
She sent Ellie out to the coach company who booked two passages on the mail coach to Oxfordshire, which left later that day. 
With Ellie to help her, the girls had taken a small trunk from the storage room. The new clothes Isobel had chosen for her would be sadly crushed, but a bigger trunk would have been too heavy. Ellie and Heather spent some time folding and packing things into the trunk, they also each took a small bag to carry for items they would directly need during the journey. They dressed in warm clothes, cloaked and hatted themselves, and looked at each other.
“Now to get away,” said Heather.
It helped that Isobel was bed-ridden. Heather had sent parlour maid out on an errand, so there was a clear run down to the front door. They each took hold of a handle on the trunk and as quietly as possible, crept down the flights of stairs, and out of the house. Once safely around the corner, Heather stood minding the trunk, while Ellie went and found a cab to take them to the depot where the mail coach departed.
They had timed it so they did not have a long wait before their coach was due. Ellie and Heather bought some apples and bread for their journey, and sat in the mail room, talking and watching the stream of people arriving and leaving their own journeys, until the carriage arrived, then climbed on board.
“Goodbye London!” cried Heather out of the window as the coach jerked to a start, which considerably surprised a thin, admiring young man who sat in the corner of the coach.
“I think he likes you,” whispered Ellie to Heather, who turned and stared at the man till he looked away nervously.
“No…it’s you he likes!” whispered back Heather, and the two giggled and generally made the young man’s life very uncomfortable until he got off the coach just outside London.
Ellie had taken a number of journeys before, and was consequently not looking forward to the journey ahead, knowing it was going to be uncomfortable, long, and tedious - but to Heather, this was the adventure of a lifetime, and she was determined to enjoy all of it. She thankfully did not feel ill or headachy from the jolting of the carriage, as one of the other passengers did, and spent much of the time peering from the dirty little window, out onto the darkening landscape. There was a stop at a coffee house later that evening, where Heather and Ellie swallowed coffee and ate some cold meat and bread. There was time to straighten their bonnets, pat their faces with water to freshen up slightly, and then they returned to the coach to continue the journey. 
It was not until later the next day that they reached their destination, which, Heather had been assured by the booking clerk, was the closest village to The Groves. She did have to agree with Ellie that the journey was long and uncomfortable and she’d be glad when it was over.
By the time they arrived it was late afternoon; the sun was beginning to think about setting in the cool, early spring afternoon. The village seemed small but fairly bustling. There was a main street full of shops, and a lot of people on foot and a number of horses. Every now and then a carriage or cart lumbered by. The coach stopped at the inn, which was Elizabethan and quaint and friendly looking.
Once established in the sitting room at the village inn, Heather had organised to send a messenger to The Groves, telling one of the staff that she was there and that she needed to have someone to come and fetch her and Ellie. Sitting now sipping tea and nibbling on cakes in the sitting room of “The Pick and Shovel” Inn, she began to think that setting off before making sure that someone would meet her was not a wise thing to have done. Still, she could always stay at this inn if she had to. But she was itching to get there!
Ellie looked as tired as she felt and was drinking tea by the cupful as thought she’d never drunk before. Exhausted as she was, Heather smiled at Ellie, and lent back in her chair. How nice to be in a seat that didn’t jolt or move! 
How strange the little village noises, so different to London! She was sure she could hear a cow mooing in the distance. However, there was soon another sound – that of horse’s hooves and carriage wheels stopping on the dirt road outside the sitting room's window, and a strong male voice cried 
“Whoa, there”.
Presently the inn's maid knocked and called “Carriage from the house here for you, miss.” Heather and Ellie rose and went outside. Waiting outside was a man by the carriage, a type of which Heather had never seen before, but which looked to be very old.
The man turned around, and Heather met his eyes. His eyes were blue, of the same shade as hers. Framed by black lashes, he had black hair carelessly cut and brushed back over a broad brow.
His clothes were rough and sturdy; worker's clothes, at odds with his aristocratic nose and the way he held his head. A wide, amused mouth was swept into a smile, and he bowed, semi mockingly. 
“Ahhh, the prodigal son returns...but we have no fatted calf, rather a buggy which your grandmother would have thought old fashioned,” he said, speaking directly to Heather, and then bowing at Ellie. Both girls smiled a little bewildered.
“I’m afraid you have the disadvantage of me,” he continued. His eyes were sweeping her, noting her travel stained clothes, her face, her baggage, the small trunk Heather and Ellie held between them. 
“I am”, he said drawing himself up to again bow elaborately, “Your head gardener, Peter Conner.”
Grinning at the look on her face, he said, “My father married the daughter of Lord Stanleigh, to his horror and shame.” 
“Oh, then you are my cousin!” cried Heather in delight, “The result of the scandalous elopement with the gardener!” 
He laughed. “One and the same!” he said. “And now, I am here to take you to your rightful ancestral home!”
“Home?”
“Yes, to The Groves, which is my home, and now to be yours!”
“You live there?”
“Oh, in one of the estate cottages, of course!” he grinned.
“ONE of the cottages?” said Heather, surprised. “How many are there?”
“Well, do you mean including The Grove Village?”
“The Village! How big is the estate?”
He raised an eyebrow, obviously surprised. His lips quirked with amusement. “You mean you don't know?”
“Mr Conner,” said Heather resolutely, “until two days ago I had never heard to the Groves or the estate or anything else to do with my family!” 
Now was his turn to look surprised. Without degrading her aunt too much, Heather briefly gave Peter a sketch of her life, not mentioning her engagement to Clarence. He seemed curious and much amused by her account; his smile grew broader as she sketched the details.
“Well,” he said, considering, after she had finished,” I'm sure you will be given a welcome at The Groves. Long Lost Son…err…daughter…and all that bit. Shall we get started? The journey is not long, but it will darken soon and you should see the place when it’s still light.”
He bent down and hefted away the truck from Heather and Ellie, swung it easily onto the carriage, and then helped hand Ellie and Heather into their seats. The upholstery was soft worn leather, and the wood had not been polished in Heather’s lifetime. It was older than Heather had first thought, though was in immaculate condition, even if it gave signs of not having been used in a while. Sighing, she settled back into the soft seat, and let her head rest on the window. The carriage took off, it's body swaying comfortably as journey began. I'm going home, to my first real home, thought Heather. What will I find there?
Eventually they reached the driveway, as pointed out by Mr Conner. Heather and Ellie stared out entranced at the soft landscape, the winding wood driveway, which eventually gave way to open space. The carriage swung around a bend and the house was suddenly in view. The Groves turned out to be a rather large, rambling house. The sun had glinted on hundreds of odd pointed, windows. In the deep red-gold setting sun, it looked as though it was on fire. 
Heather had stared at it in silence as the horses had stopped in front of the flagstones at the door, and the main impression she’d had of the house was that it was very large, very old.
Silent and overwhelmed, neither Ellie or Heather spoke as Peter opened the door and swung the steps up to the coach.
Peter offered his arm to Heather and she was handed down from the coach. He gave Heather a grin. 
“I will tell you,” he had said with an amused note in his voice, as the door to house opened from within, “They are going to look after you!”
He took her hand and bent over it, kissing it lightly. Heather's blue eyes had looked into his. She read the smile in them. It was a smile that warmed her soul; truly welcoming and unaffectedly friendly. He went out to get her trunk and Heather was left to face the small cluster of servants in the front hallway.
She smiled at them as the butler and the housekeeper introduced themselves and then the servants in turn.
“Good evening” was all she could get squeak out.
Heather soon discovered that Peter spoke the truth. The servants, a skeleton staff who had been kept on as the last tenants left in order to keep the house ready, were all respectful and curious to view her. The housekeeper, Bess Hamming, bustled them all back to their respective places and took care of Heather, who was later to learn that she was a Stanleigh retainer, born in the Grove village, and employed since youth at the house. Mrs Hamming showed an alarming tendency to fuss around Heather.
Upon her arrival, she was told tea was ready for her. Her eyes met Ellie’s as she was led away. Ellie and Heather’s relationship would not be as casual in this house, certainly – Ellie smiled reassuringly at her somewhat panicked expression.
Heather was installed in the afternoon sitting room, which showed signs of being hastily prepared for her arrival. The room was large and barely warm. She was given tea, cake, sandwiches, and scones, she ate them all ravenously. Feeling like her eyes wouldn’t stay open she rang the bell and asked to be taken to her room. 
“I think I need to just sleep, I don’t want any supper,” she explained in a daze as she was led through corridors into a small, comfortable chamber. 
“You must be tired,” sympathised Mrs Hamming. She was duly helped into bed and told to have a good night's sleep.
“I’ll leave this tin of biscuits for you if you want something during the night.” 
Heather was already asleep before she gently closed the door behind her.
Mrs Hamming made her way down to the servants’ quarters. While the staff had been preparing the house for the visit of its owner since the tenants had left a few months ago, the summons today had been unexpected. There had been a flurry of surprise. The staff had entered a frenzy of cleaning and preparing and cooking in the short hours between Mr Conner leaving to fetch them, and their arrival. Mrs Hamming was slightly embarrassed at the state of the house; much of it had been unused and swathed in dust covers for years, the remaining furniture was shabby from neglect. The tenants had not kept a staff large enough to upkeep a large house to her satisfaction.
She liked what she’d seen of Miss Leithbridge thus far. A gentle, well-mannered young woman very tired of course, grateful and surprised by the attention. Mrs Hamming looked forward to having woman take interest in the house again. Her hand running on the bannister as she descended to her own rooms, she contemplated with pleasure the future. 
*
“May I help you with that?”
A deep voice spoke to Ellie, standing in the hall behind Heather, holding both bags, as the servants introduced themselves to Heather, and nodded at her. She’d stepped back and smiled at Heather’s panicked glance as she’d been borne off by the housekeeper. She then looked around to see where she should go.
She looked around at the source of the voice. A man stood before her, immaculate, wearing a dark cloth suit with a smart gold waistcoat. His dark brown hair was smooth and shining, brushed straight back. 
Brown eyes, and a severe face with a slight droop to his mouth gave an impression of solemnity with a touch of humour.
“Thank you!” said Ellie gratefully, bobbing her head of curls and twinkling at him. She hefted one of the bags in his direction and he caught it up easily. If this man was not the butler, well, then, she wasn’t a personal maid! 
“My name is Ellie,” she said, putting out a small square hand.
“I am Bernard, the butler”, he responded, touching her hand lightly.
“Bernard…is that your christened name or surname?” she asked, walking into the house with him.
“Either…both!” he said gently, so that she was unsure if he was joking or not. She smiled anyway and was relieved to see an answering smile on his face. 
Ellie, too, felt like she had come to a place where she was going to be happy, and it was with much excitement that she was shown to her small room. After supper she washed, undressed, and went to bed, dreaming of the future.
Chapter Five
The next morning Heather woke with the sun falling across her bed. A large bed, with old faded velvet hangings, in a beautiful square room. Heather got out of bed and walked over to the window. She could see a small lake and a canal; these gave way to a distant view of what appeared to be a farm. The whole was shrouded in a fine mist and gave it a dreamy look.
She turned around, found her trunk was open on the sideboard, though not unpacked, and began rummaging around, looking for her clothes. She had managed to dress herself and was just buttoning her shoes when Ellie knocked and entered.
“I should be doing that,” scolded Ellie, “For I am now a ladies maid, and you, Miss, are a Lady now. In fact, you should be sent tea in bed before you get up, and the fire should be laid and burning, but I know for a fact the servants are in a right tizzy having you here so unexpected and don’t rightly know what to do. It’s chaos in the servants’ quarters today. I told them you were and early riser and they are right worried you’ll think less of them for not being ready for you.”
“Oh, really, Ellie?” grinned Heather, straightening up and handing Ellie the button Hook.
“Yes, Miss, and I'm to dress you,” retorted Ellie waggling the hook at her and bending to finish Heather’s shoes.
“Ah, but I'm dressed all ready.”
“Not with that hair you're not,” said Ellie, reaching for the brush with one hand, and guiding Heather into a chair with the other. 
Heather, for the next ten minutes, enjoyed a remarkable scolding from Ellie, entitled “The Way a Real Lady Behaves”.
“Not, of course, that you do not know how to behave, Miss, but you have to realise that I have a standard to maintain now, as I am your maid,” continued Ellie. “There, finished.”
She put the brush down and handed Heather a mirror. The face that looked back at Heather looked remarkably unchanged to the one that used to stare at her from the gilt mirror in the attic room, though something was different. The more fashionable dressing of the hair, and the dress she was wearing, she knew were not entirely responsible. It was the difference in expression changed it so.
“Thank you, Ellie,” said Heather, musingly staring at herself.
“You're to go and have breakfast,” said Ellie. “Shoo now, I have to attend to your dresses, they didn't like the journey any more than you did!”
Heather stepped softly down the stairs, where Bernard appeared out of the shadows before her and showed her into the breakfast room. A cup of hot chocolate and a plate of toast were steaming gently at her seat. She sat and after a consultation with the footman, was brought a hearty plateful eggs and bacon and mushrooms, which she ate while drinking tea.
She’d now had more food in the last two meals than she used to be able to eat in a day at Isobel’s house. She’d have to be careful or she’d not fit any of her dresses by the end of the week. She smiled to the servants, thanked them when they brought her things, and looked around, eating her breakfast.
The room was fairly plain and shabby, and she had a nice time looking at the pictures and the view from the window of a pretty looking garden. 
She was interrupted by Mrs Hamming, the housekeeper. 
“Would you be looking around the house now?” she inquired.
“Oh, yes!” said Heather, hurriedly getting up. 
She went into the hall with Mrs Hamming, who began to point out aspects of the house. 
It was a large place and a long time before Heather, having spent most of her life in a single London townhouse, was able to get the gist of it.
The conservatory was directly opposite the breakfast room, a large, airy room with glass doors and a small terrace leading to the neglected Italian garden, down broad stone steps. Next to this was the study, where all the estate accounts were kept. The desk was as serviceable as the one Heather had left behind in London, but it looked friendlier.
Mrs Hamming explained as she went what the rooms were for, who built them, and apologised often for the neglect. Heather drank it all in and followed her in a daze as the history of the house unfolded.
The Groves was named because of the orangery, a building in the garden, on a whim of one of the Ladies of the house, following the fashion to honour King William of Orange and Mary Stuart, king and queen in the last century.
Orangeries were buildings made largely of brick and glass and housed orange trees and other ornamental plants, protected from the frosts of the cold English winters. 
It was an unusual, attractive building that could be seen from many rooms in the house.
The house had begun its existence as a small hunting two hundred years ago or more had lost most of its original features. The Elizabethan Great Hall had been retained, and was now used primarily as a gathering area or could be used as a ballroom. Succeeding generations had added to the house, until it now had an imposing facade of any number of styles. 
The grounds it was situated in still retained a large amount of woodland through which the drive sliced relentlessly, harking back to the days in which the owners had hunted.
Arranged around the house were numerous small gardens, each in a different style or manner, which was primarily the result of the tastes of the various Lords and Ladies of Stanleigh. 
A rose garden, enclosed in walls which warmed it in early spring, was to the rear left, behind the cottage/flower garden, full of herbs and within easy reach of the kitchen. 
The roses had a few early blooms. Heather bent to smell some of them as she walked past. The scent of rosemary was strong too; it was twined around the roses. Heather had almost never seen growing plants before; the house in London had a small back garden where there were roses in pots, but it was nothing like this large expanse.
The Italian garden boasted marble busts and statues that one of the Stanleighs had brought back from the grand tour. Indeed, the table in the breakfast room was ordered specially to look out onto the lion head fountain, which was positioned where it would be lit by shafts of light by the rising sun.
At the rear right of the house a knot garden led to the orangery. The Lord Stanleigh who had built it had offered his guests a “Walk through the orange groves”, and the name “The Groves” had first been an amusing whim, but then the place eventually become known under that name. 
From the picture gallery at the end of the entrance hall was a large window, looking onto the courtyard. A long gravel walkway led into the distance to the lake. Beyond and to the right of the lake were the home farms and market gardens. A canal wound by the back of the farms, with loading docks and full of bumping boats and locks.
The farmer's cottages were nestled beyond view of the house, and Mrs Hamming explained that the estate village was large enough to boast a church, a hall, a vicarage school, and a town square.
As well as this, a large part of the local woods were also part of the estate, as were a number of the houses and cottages around neighbouring town, from which the estate derived rents. 
The gardens, flower and produce, as well as the rents from the cottages and houses, comprised about half of the estate income, the rest coming from bonds and investments. 
If the history of The Groves was not immediately in evidence, then the present history was.
The most obvious thing, mused Heather, was neglect. The farms were well run, as these were earning a lot of income, but the gardens around the house and the house itself looked decidedly uncared for. The gardens had been kept neat, but not planted out or replanted when something had died, and it was clear there had been nothing much more done.
The flowers had run to seed, and had not been thinned. Heather noticed moss growing on the flagstones around the wall of the Italian garden, and weeds along the drive.
It was full of old furniture, once good, but now showing the twenty years of tenants. 
“Here, I can open this room up again,” said Mrs Hamming, who led her to a suite of rooms at the back of the house and used the keys on her belt to unlock a door. Opening a room, it smelt musty. The women walked in to a room swathed in dust sheets. 
“All the good furniture, and all of the estate china and glassware were put here when the house was rented,” explained Mrs Hamming. “I will have it brought out and replaced. “There is currently no good linen, all the mattresses needed replacement, as do the drapes and most of the carpets, though there are a number here in store and I’ve made sure to keep the moths from them.”
Heather opened a cabinet and peered in at glass and silverware. She closed it again.
“I’m a little overwhelmed by the…quantity,” she told Mrs Hamming, who smiled at her. “We will soon get things spick and span and looking fine again, Miss.”
Heather nodded. 
 The house had a friendly feel to it; it already felt like a home to Heather, who had never felt so comfortable anywhere before.
After a cursory glance in all the rooms, and a peek in the huge kitchens Heather and Mrs Hamming walked upstairs, to the gallery. Here there was the bustle of workers, rehanging portraits of her ancestors, taken from years of storage.
Heather stared fascinated, looking at the faces of her ancestors. The Stanleighs were a good looking race, she decided. They all looked like they took to life easily and liked to be amused. Somehow there was a shared expression on the faces, the same quirked, whimsical lips over centuries of related people.
A great powdered lady splendid in a white embroidered dress, the skirts stretched over panniers, a sweeping feather in her hat, reclined next to a most elegant gentleman, glittering in a mauve frock coat and black breeches. They were lofty but their eyes smiled. Heather could not trace her own features in their faces; but the wide eyes of the woman were the exact same colour of Heather's, and, she realised with a start, Peter Conner’s, too.
Another young lady stood tall and strait, with a tiny bodice and little puffed sleeves, pearls gleaming in her hair. Around her neck was a cabochon emerald, set in gold, on a pearl band. She stood next to an elegantly dressed gentleman in yellow pantaloons and a snowy white cravat. They looked the picture of genteel elegance. 
Mrs Masham said gently, “That is your grandmother. And her are your parents.”
Heather stood in front of the paintings and stared at them for a long time. She had never seen pictures of her parents before. Her mother had a small, sweet face, hair dressed simply, with a plain blue bonnet framing her face. She looked happy.
Her father, from who Heather clearly had inherited her nose and chin, was standing at a chair, a stern but kind face, which looked as though he may sometimes break into laughter. A small picture of her uncle Masham stood in this group, younger and carefree, not how Heather remembered him.
There was also a miniature of a small baby. Heather stared into her own eyes for a long time. 
Shaking herself, she moved on the other more contemporary portraits. The eldest son of the of male Stanleigh line, who had died before his father, contemplated her back. He looked like his father, painted in the same pose, against the Balustrade.
Heather knew Rebecca Stanleigh from the resemblance to Peter, her son. She wondered if she regretted her marriage. She moved on the last of the pictures. Mrs Hamming informed her that this was Lady Julia Hope, the current dowager Lady Stanleigh. The picture was paired with Lord Rupert, her husband. 
“Aye, they are a good looking couple,” she nodded. “And their son, the Lord Manfred, he is handsome too.” 
“Oh, yes, I have another cousin!” exclaimed Heather. 
“And you'll see him soon, working on the estate, as he does.” 
“Does he?” Heather said, puzzled that Lord Stanleigh would work on Estates, rather than living as a gentleman. 
Mrs Hamming's voice dropped to a whisper. “Lord Stanleigh cannot afford to keep himself, there is no fortune, Lord Rupert gambled it all away,” she said so quietly that Heather could barely hear her. 
She leaned nearer to the housekeeper. 
“All the money…he ran through it. Barley a cent to his name, living on the whiff of a rag, so far as I know…So young Lord Stanleigh works as the overseer here at The Groves, lives in the old Lodge near the village. Runs this place like clockwork, he does…and he and Peter Conner are always at odds on how to run things.” 
They began to walk downstairs. 
“I'll show you to the study now; Lord Stanleigh will be in soon to talk to you.” 
“Oh, but tell me more about how he comes to work here!” said Heather, her curiosity whetted.
Mrs Hamming frowned. “Well, I believe it was in the will of your great grandparents, that if any Stanleigh, with or without the name, ever wanted employment here at the Groves, it would be given. 
“Peter Conner took over the gardens from his father; it's in his blood, as they say. He runs the market gardens, and grows exotic flowers for the London Market. He gets on well with the farmers, being, as you may say, one of them. 
I believe this is why he and Lord Stanleigh do not get on well. There was some small trouble once about closing down the flowers, and growing more crops, but Mr Conner got the farmers behind him. The Groves has a reputation for producing good quality market flowers, you see.”
She paused, took out a duster, and flicked it at some dust on the banister as they went down the stairs. Apparently satisfied, she put it away and continued speaking. 
“Well, Lord Stanleigh, he likes to run things his way. He had done so for the past eight years, when the old overseer left. The Stanleighs live close by, and Lord Stanleigh had the run of the place when the old tenants were in, them being friends of the family, so to speak. But he can't get rid of Mr Conner, and there's no denying each does his job well enough.”
“Why did he want the flowers shut down?”
“I don't rightly know. Growing tropical flowers in the hothouses and old orangery was an idea of Mr Conner's father, but Mr Conner took it on board when his father got too old. He expanded the market, and made sure that every London flower shop knew about flowers from The Groves. When it started showing profits, well, that silenced Lord Stanleigh, who had strongly objected in the first place to such an expensive operation.
“The Stanleighs are a quarrelsome bunch,” continued Mrs Hamming. “Think everything is funny, too, including arguments. Mr Conner's mother now, running away with the Gardener. He had to marry her, he'd compromised her. Which is what she was after all along! And both her brothers quarrelled with their father.”
Her voice, which had risen during the telling, again dropped to a conspiratorial whisper. 
“There was a time, when your parents were taken, when the old Lord Stanleigh tried to get his hands on this estate. Claiming right of eldest male. But the property was not entailed, your Great-grandfather left it to your Grandmother, and every right he had too, as well.. A big legal battle happened back then. I don't think Lord Stanleigh ever forgave his father for leaving the estate to his elder sister (that's your grandmother, dear).
“So you see, Manfred Stanleigh, now he spends his time on the estates, running them properly as though they were his own. It's a good thing Old Lord Stanleigh didn't get hold of them, he’d have mortgaged or sold them to pay his debts, but I believe Lord Stanleigh thinks he should have tried harder.” 
They had reached the library, and Mrs Manning turned to Heather. “Lord Stanleigh is waiting to greet you in the Library,” she said. 
“Thank you, very much!” said Heather and impulsively took the old woman's hand. “You have given me so much! Until three days ago, I barely knew I had a family; now I know a little of its history!”
She turned to open the library door, leaving Mrs Hamming beaming at her for the compliment. 
Chapter Six
Manfred Stanleigh, Lord of that name, was becoming impatient. He had been waiting for this Heather Leithbridge for fifteen minutes. He was not a man who liked to be kept waiting.
For the past eight years he had run The Groves according to his wishes and tastes on behalf of the tenants, who had no say in the greater estate, having only leased the house. And now the inevitable had happened; the owner had come to take it all back. Manfred had in that time grown used to thinking of himself as the property's master. In his opinion, it was Stanleigh property, and therefore by all rights, it should have been his. The lack of foresight of his great-grandparents for not entailing the property was a constant irritation to him; one he’d managed to avoid thinking about too much.
Until now.
He would have to inform Heather Leithbridge that he did not appreciate being kept waiting. His time was valuable.
At that moment, Heather entered the room, and the young Lord Stanleigh, master of all situations, received a shock. Heather stood before him in a simple muslin dress of primrose yellow. She was a vision of gentle loveliness standing at the library door.
Her red lips parted in a smile as she held out her hand and came forward. 
“You are Manfred, my cousin!” she cried, as he affirmed that was so, took her hand and lowered his lips to it. 
His poise was shaken, and it took him a moment to recover. He had not expected her to be such a beauty. 
Whenever he had thought of the woman who owned The Groves, it had been easy to conjure up a plain, stupid woman, standing between him and what should have been his inheritance.
“My dear cousin, how wonderful to see you at last!” he stood up straight again, looking at her intently. Heather looked up into his face. He knew he was a handsome man. He presented a deeply masculine face - aquiline nose, strong square chin, deep black hair swept back careful. His eyes were a deep blue, almost black. He was the absolute picture of the stunningly elegant gentleman. 
Even his clothes suggested of superb elegance, with a well cut midnight blue jacket over riding breeches and polished shoes.
He did not look like an overseer, more like the lord of the manor, thought Heather. Their eyes met. Heather felt quite breathless. He was so good looking!
“The Groves has been too long without its proper mistress,” he said, a smile in his voice, dropping her hand. “We look forward to seeing you make it your home.”
“Yes, that’s what I would like above all else,” she said, wandering over to the desk and picking up a pen. She considered it and looked down again. She realised she was avoiding looking at him as she was feeling very unsettled with his amazing good looks and graceful stance.
Goodness.
She could feel her cheeks go hot.
“There is a lot to see,” Manfred spoke, sounding somewhat amused. “There is the house itself you’ve barely had time to look at, and the estate, and the village…”
“Yes, I had a quick tour this morning of the house, it was a bit overwhelming,” she agreed, leaning against the desk and folding her arms around her. 
“Well, my cousin Heather, I am at your command. With your permission, I will continue to run the estate?” 
His eyebrows quirked up matching his inflection and she said hastily “Of course!”
Manfred nodded briefly, and continued his speech. “So with that in mind, you have the luxury of choosing what you would like to do first?” 
“I would like to look at the household accounts,” decided Heather.
“And then?” Manfred smiled at her.
“But won't that take up some time?” she asked. “I'd like to see them all; as far back as they go. Oh, and the other estate business.”
Manfred gestured to the mahogany desk, its pigeonholes full of correspondence, serviceable trays piled with accounts and ledgers. It looked daunting enough to put her off, thought Manfred. Heather walked over to the desk, and picked up a sheet. 
“That is the tenant's list,” said Manfred. “Each name on that list has a separate file, with the goods they produce, and the price received, who lives in the farms, and all the details we have on them. Most of the tenants have been on the Home farm all their lives.” 
“Then I'll start here,” said Heather, “If you could direct me towards the files?”
Manfred indulgently waved his hand in the direction. “But you'll not be going through them all; there are fifty years of records there!” 
“Well, I'll need to know what The Groves has done in the past to see its capabilities for the future,” said Heather, opening the first file.
She did not notice the tightening of Manfred's smile, the slightly annoyed look.
“Of course,” he said. “Well, I have a lot of business that needs to be done. I will leave you for the time being.” 
Heather looked up and smiled at him.
“Yes, I will see you soon?” she asked.
He stared down into her blue eyes. 
“You will.” He bowed slightly before leaving the room. 
After his initial shock of seeing Heather, he had realised that things could not be more perfect. She was so impossibly young. Under his influence, she would make all the changes to the house and the estate that he had longed to for years. 
Her insistence on looking through The Groves accounts puzzled him. She was a young woman, who should be thinking of nothing but decorations and flower arrangements. He had been looking forward to suggesting improvements needed to the house, guiding her in his tastes. For years he had watched uncaring tenants carelessly bump the furniture and scratch the walls.
Her absorption in the estate records would cease after a few days, anyway, as there was nothing as boring as looking through nearly illegible records of bushels of barely and pea crops and rent rolls. It was excellent she was showing an interest, and when she’d had enough he would continue to control the estate money.
He began to whistle as he walked down the front steps of the house. A movement in the garden caught his eye. It was Peter Conner, talking to the second gardener. Manfred smiled.
Things were going to get interesting around here. Finally!
A smile played around his lips. This new cousin would be remarkably easy to woo; he could easily captivate her with his charm, and who knew? She was certainly pretty and well born, as well as coming with the thing he wanted most in this world. And she looked so very ready to fall in love!
Chapter Seven
Ellie was enjoying her newfound status and job as Heather’s maid. Not only did she have a pretty room to herself (with her own bed, and her own furniture that she didn’t have to share with the scullery maid), but she had a higher status with the other servants than she’d ever had before. This was a surprise to her, definitely a pleasant one! Her duties involved looking after Heather’s interests directly: no more lighting fires, dusting, or cleaning. It was very nice indeed.
Ellie enjoyed sitting down at the servants table for meals. The servants were ranked according to their place in the household - as the personal maid of the lady of the House, Ellie ranked just under the butler and the housekeeper. She was therefore seated at the table with Mrs Hamming and Bernard, as well as a few of the other specialized servants. They had slightly different meals to the house servants, as well as their own cook and maid.
Ellie was at first staggered, but this was apparently normal for the large country houses.
Meals were a lot of fun. The food was good, the conversation was good. Often the meals started stiffly with no one speaking until Mrs Hamming or Bernard spoke, but then the conversations tended to take on lives of their own. 
She was very quickly learning that Bernard was a very sarcastic but amusing man; he had a very dry sense of humour and would often enjoy leading the conversation down a path that was quite absurd.
The thing was, you never knew just how absurd it was until you stopped to think about it. 
Ellie found that more and more, she was conversing with him than anyone else downstairs. And she noticed, more and more, that where she was, Bernard was often popping in on some excuse and staying to chat. 
She had been sitting in the servant’s lounge. The window was open and sunshine was pouring in. In front of her, she had some of Heather’s hats that needed some attention. She had removed the lining from one hat and was replacing it with some green shirred silk. As she sat and sewed, she was humming to herself one of the hymns she'd leant when she was in Wales as a little girl. 
Another hum joined her, and she looked up, startled. Bernard had entered the room with some of the household silverware and a buffing cloth. He had joined in Ellie's harmony with melody line. She nodded to him and they both finished the song together. 
“That's the thing,” said Bernard encouragingly, seating himself at the worktable and carefully placing the pot he was carrying before him. “Singing while you work. It makes the day go faster”. 
“I've never heard you sing while you work,” commented Ellie, stitching away at the silk. 
“I sing on the inside,” he said solemnly, flicking his polishing cloth vaguely at the silver. 
He stopped and seemed to consider the pot intently. It wasn’t in dire need of polishing. 
“I think that's done now,” he nodded, picked it up, and walked towards the door. 
“But...you didn’t do anything!” exclaimed Ellie, laughing. 
“Well, why polish it if it's not going to be used? I’d only have to do it again when it is required! I've got better things to do!” he said, nodded at her, and walked out of the room. 
Ellie was left wondering if he had just come in for an excuse to talk to her. She smiled to herself. Yes, he was a very interesting man indeed!
*
Heather ended up spending three days in the study. She’d go in after breakfast, come out and wander around the house for a break, ask questions, and then go back in to look at the accounts. Mrs Hamming was inclined to be disapproving about the whole business, but Heather was enjoying reading through the estate accounts. They dated back to the time the house was built, in the late sixteenth century. She was absorbing some of the history of her ancestors, and for an orphan who had spent her life starved of family stories; it was giving her a sense of her place in the world, at the same time as giving her a sense of how an estate was run.
Most of the accounts from the older times were difficult to read if not downright illegible. Amongst them seemingly randomly, were recipes, telling her to take “somme fowels and rub them with butre and sprinkle them with cloves and mace and place theme in a coffin and bake them till they be done”.
Heather smiled, delighted with the records of her ancestors. Never had she felt so at home! 
It was as if, reading through these heavy pages with their fading ink, all the women of the Stanleigh family were saying “You are one of us! Welcome to the Groves!”
The farm production records were fascinating. The rich and fertile forest soil had generally given good crops. The Groves had generated massive profits in its heyday, needing two overseers and a large army of gardeners and labourers to keep it running smoothly.
The original small farming community had grown steadily, bursting into the forefront of prosperity, once the canal that now ran to the rear of the property was cut, earlier in the century. The ability to ship the loads of produce directly from the farm to the larger towns nearby had changed things for the better. 
Reading between the lines of the jotted entries in the employment lodger, Heather realised that many of the people who worked on the land were probably Stanleighs from the wrong side of the blanket. Well, they all worked towards a bigger and better property, thought Heather, thanking them in her mind. It did amuse her that the Stanleighs were apparently a very lusty set of people. She wondered how many of the people in the neighbouring villages were related to her; even if it couldn’t be acknowledged. 
It has been a few days now she’d read through the papers, some she skimmed, some she took notes, but she was done now.
She closed the most recent ledger and stretched, yawning. It was dark. She noticed the candles had burnt nearly away. She dimly remembered one of the servants coming into the library some time ago, and lighting them, then bringing more a few hours later. 
She drank some water and nibbled a biscuit, before going upstairs and falling into bed. She dreamt of numbers, bushels of grain, heads of livestock, and the permutations and combinations of estate management.
The next morning, she went back into library and began to look at the inventory of the household. How could she order changes unless she knew what needed to be changed? She would also ask the housekeeper.
“She's a true Stanleigh,” said Mrs Hamming to Bernard. “She's got the house in her veins, there's no doubt of that!”
Mrs Hamming also took Ellie under her wing and gave her tips on how to become a personal maid. 
“Dogsbody I was, more than maid,” Ellie said to Mrs Hamming over supper one night. 
The women were in the shining great kitchen, stacked with provisions. The radiant heat from the stove was comforting, and threw a red light over their faces as they ate. They had begun to have supper together informally, and gossip over their pudding, while Mrs Hamming drank a glass of porter, Ellie preferred milk. She grew up on a farm, she had explained, and had missed fresh milk very much in London. 
“What did you have to do in that old house in London, then?” asked Mrs Hamming curiously.
“Well, I answered the door and served meals and went to the market and cleared the table and polished silver,” said Ellie, considering her old life. “And no matter how bad Mrs Masham treated me, well; she treated Miss Heather worse, didn’t she?”
“Was Miss Heather treated badly by her aunt, then?” asked Bernard, who had appeared unannounced. He was carrying a stack of letters and handed them with a flourish to Mrs Hamming, who snorted and said 
“Bills again! Well, at least we can pay them now without his nibs asking why!”
“Who is ‘his nibs?’” asked Ellie, curious.
To answer Ellie’s questioning look, Mrs Hamming continued, “Mr Manfred, he needs to know everything. Can’t spend tuppence around here without having to account for it. Though to be fair, the money wasn’t his, it was in trust for Miss Heather, so it weren’t for his own sake that he got a bit penny-pinching.”
Bernard walked over to one of the empty chairs at the scrubbed wooden table and settled himself. The fire and candlelight flickered, giving a deep fire to his sleek hair.
“You didn’t answer my question, Ellie,” he said in his deep, soft voice, reaching for the porter bottle and a cup. “What was it like for Miss Heather in London?”
“Oh, terrible!” said Ellie. “She knew nothing about this place you know. Mrs Masham made out that she was poor as a church mouse, and was being kept there by sufferance. She had to earn her keep, just like Mr Manfred and Mr Peter do so here.”
Mrs Hamming’s mouth dropped open and Bernard raised an eyebrow in surprise at this news. Warmed to the topic, Ellie went on to describe a bit about Heather’s life in London. She was careful to leave out any mention of Clarence Masham. Heather didn’t seem to want to talk about it, even to Ellie, so Ellie wasn’t about to tell anyone here that the Misses was actually betrothed. Besides, Ellie had her own feelings about what was going to happen to that betrothal!
She found herself talking more to Bernard than Mrs Hamming. Mrs Hamming was a nice enough person, once you got used to her gruff and snappy manner – she had a good sense of responsibility and was very hardworking and wanting the best for everyone, but she didn’t respond with an eye twinkle same way that Bernard did. She wondered how old Bernard was. And where he came from.
“May I ask something?” she said bluntly to Bernard, who had been listening with amusement to her stories. One of his impeccable eyebrows was raised at her, and his face assumed a very haughty expression.
“Yes?” he drew out the word.
“How old are ye?” 
His eyebrow slowly dropped down until it was level with the other one.
“Hmmm. An interesting question,” he said. “Very interesting. One which I don’t know that I’ll answer right now.” 
“But why ever not?” she asked, more curious than ever.
“Because you seem to want to know so much,” he said gravely, “and I am not here to indulge your curiosity.”
Mrs Hamming snorted at the look on Ellie’s face. “That’s all you’ll get out of him tonight”, she told Ellie. “Bernard says what Bernard wants and if wants you to know than you shall, otherwise you might as well be trying to get that camel through that needle’s eye”.
*
The week had drawn to a close and Heather now felt totally at ease with her heritage. She was here, a part of it, and it would continue through her. The Groves would continue to prosper under her reign.
Closing her work and standing up, Heather realised that she was not at all tired. A sort of exhilaration had come over her. She was hot, for the room was closed and a fire burnt in the grate. She did not know what time it was, it did feel late.
She left the room quietly. 
A sudden urge to go outside and stand on the soil of the property came to her. She went through the conservatory, out the glass doors, and down the broad, gleaming steps. Crossing the lawn, she went into the Italian garden. Its fountains silent, it was serene, bathed in the pale moonlight, marble soft and blue against the dark hedges.
The subtle scent of roses filled the air. And another scent. She turned. There was someone watching her, someone who had followed her from the house.
She said uncertainly, only half joking, “Are you man or ghost?”
A slow chuckle answered her. “Man, though can't you feel the ghosts of our ancestors standing around you?” 
“Well, Peter Conner, I most certainly cannot!” 
“No,” his voice agreed in the velvety darkness. “They don't haunt here. But their personalities are here. And they are pleased that you are here!” 
“Do you think so?” 
“Aye, I know so,” he said, his voice moving towards her. She could see his white teeth gleaming in the moonlight. She smiled at him- a returning gleam.
“It's been a while since you've shown your face,” he continued. “I began to wonder if cousin Manfred had perhaps locked you up in a cupboard for being bad.” 
“No, I've been going through the papers in the study. I finished looking at them tonight.” 
“That's no mean feat,” said Peter. She could see his bulky figure blocking out the starlight behind him. “And the people on the estate will be pleased about you showing such an interest, too.”
A breeze, gently brushing against Heather's face, brought with it some of the scents of the nearby market gardens, the manure and fresh vegetation. 
She hesitated for a moment, and then spoke.
“I want to thank you for what you've done for the Groves,” she said. “You've made such improvements, I can credit to you only...I’ve been reading the accounts. Any of the work you’ve taken on, has prospered.”
“Well! Thank you for noticing!” Peter seemed pleased.
“The numbers spoke for themselves, in black and white. I can see you care.”
“This is my home,” he said, softly. “As much my home as anyone’s. Of course I look after it.”
Heather was silent, contemplating.
“A lot more could be done,” said Peter, slowly, as if he were judging what would be the best thing to say next.
“If a lot more money was put into the gardens, the crop yield could be increased markedly.” He paused, and then said quickly, “Come into the orangery tomorrow. I have something to show you.”
“What is it?”
“I'll surprise you,” grinned Peter. She could see his teeth in the moonlight.
“All right, then, tomorrow in the orangery. But how shall I recognise you, oh mysterious stranger?” she said, with a sudden burst of humour.
“Ah,” said Peter conspiratorially. “I will be the gentleman with a red rose in his buttonhole,” 
“And I will wear a blue dress.' 
“Until then?” 
“Until then!” And Peter departed, leaving Heather to stand on the soil of her ancestors, and breathe in the chill of the night.
Chapter eight
It was only since Heather had fled the London house that Clarence had given any thought at all to what Heather might be really like as an individual.
He returned home from work on the day that Heather had left, expecting to find things just has he had left them; his mother in bed, ill, and Heather looking after her. He had thought at the time that it was sweet of her to care so much for Isobel, and at least there would be no problems when they were married between his mother and his wife. If they lived together companionably now, they would be good together when Heather was a daughter-in-law.
He had expected to be given an update on wedding plans as had happened often in the weeks of his betrothal; a topic he’d found a little dull but he listened to with all appearances of interest. He made his way into the house and went to pay his respects to his mother, who was not however in bed.
His mother had been in the parlour, all bundled up with blankets and surrounded by remedies.
“Hello, are you better then?” he had asked, surprised.
“She's gone,” Isobel said tersely, clenching and unclenching the rug on her knees. “Ungrateful Minx. After all I had done for her!”
“What?” said Clarence, absently, wondering if another of the servants had given notice. Servants didn’t seem to ever last very long, in his opinion.
“Your beloved bride-to-be. She walked out of the house with not so much as a by-your-leave!”
“I beg your pardon!” Clarence sat with a thump on a chair and stared at his mother.
“She got a letter from that fool of a solicitor, and got a bee in her bonnet. Packed and left, and took one of the maids... There's another I won't give a recommendation to, walking out like that without notice!”
Isobel’s voice trembled and she reached towards a steaming mug and took a swig from it. From the way her cheeks coloured up, Clarence wondered if the mug had tea in it, or whisky.
“Solicitor! What solicitor! What on earth did she leave for?” demanded Clarence, standing up and pacing the room.
“Calm yourself,” said Isobel, grimly, lips firmly together. “This isn’t over yet. She is your affianced bride and you will bring her to heel!” 
Her voice was trembling with emotion. 
“But…where has she gone?” demanded Clarence. “Where can she possibly have gone? She knows no one!”
Isobel fixed her eye on Clarence and stared at him until he sat down into a seat opposite her. She drew her breath and said,
“She has gone to her country estate”
“What estate? What do you mean?” Clarence was surprised, staring at his mother.
“Well, how was I to know?” she cried, and pointed tragically at herself. “I knew of course that she was to inherit a house from her father on her twenty first birthday, but there was no need to accuse me of keeping secrets from her. No need to put on such airs, no need to just leave!”
“But you always said she was penniless!” exclaimed Clarence. “What do you mean, inherit a house?”
“She was penniless until she turned twenty one, so there was no use in filling her head with grandiose plans! Did you think I would have let you marry someone with no prospects?”
“What exactly were her prospects?” asked Clarence, some inkling of the truth of the situation beginning to dawn on him. He began to realise that Isobel would not have engineered the marriage if Heather had not been full in the pocket. Isobel loved money.
“It doesn't signify!” sniffed his mother, not meeting his eye. “But to leave the house like that! Stealing away! Sneaking out! Of all the ungrateful hussies, after I offered my roof to her! A harlot!” she continued indignantly. 
Clarence stared at his mother as he watched her work herself up into a rage.
Isobel had summoned Heather to her side when she awoke from a sleep. The maid who had attended her had been an age returning to her. By the time the poor girl had come to inform Isobel that Heather was not in the house, Isobel was ready to be annoyed. She of course had assumed that Heather must have gone calling or else to the markets, and had thought it very rude that no message had been left. She was also disconcerted that Heather had left the house without being ordered or accompanied, and so was ready to lecture her on her return as to proper behaviour expected in a bride.
But Heather had not returned, and the parlour-maid had come back from a pointless errand – sent by Heather, and also reported that Ellie was missing. 
Taking tea, Isobel had her first qualms about the situation. After three hours gone, she’d ordered a search done of the house, and that was when the letters were found.
Isobel had read her letter with increasing consternation which had turned into pure rage by the final word. 
In the hours between reading the letter and Clarence arriving home, she had neatly managed to convince herself that she had put up with Heather's ingratitude and selfishness for twenty years. Isobel had offered her generosity and it had been taken for granted. 
Isobel had had been the self-sacrificing, selfless aunt, and now she was the betrayed martyr. 
“She thinks she's better than us!” she declared, “Well, she has not! She’ll find blood is thicker than water, and she can’t be allowed to leave us in the lurch!” She glared at Clarence, her hands gripping close to her chair. “She is your bride,” she said softly. “You will get her back”.
Clarence lent heavily into the chair and ran his hands through his hair. He loosened his tie and took a deep breath in.
“Did she leave any word for me, a letter or a note?” he asked, standing up and striding to the window. He stared out for a moment, and then returned to face his mother. His legs felt almost too weak to hold him up. Isobel stiffly held out an opened envelope to him. He snatched it from her and unfolded the note. It had been written quickly, and the writing was messy, not Heather’s usual writing at all. Obviously, she had been upset. Or why else would she have left like that? Clarence groaned, and began to read the letter.
*
Dear Clarence,
I discovered today that I am actually the owner of a considerable property in Oxfordshire, left to me by my parents. I must go to see it. I'm sure you understand.
Respectfully, Heather.
*
“But she says nothing!” Clarence had cried. “What is the considerable property? Who are her solicitors? I must go and see them!”
He paced up and down, twisting the note between his fingers. Isobel sat on the couch, looking fixedly at a picture on the wall. She was feeling a little guilty, but would never admit it. Why hadn't things turned out the ways she had planned! That wretched illness had come at the wrong time. 
If she had not been sick, she would have removed the solicitor’s letter from the mail, as usual, and Clarence would have soon been safely married to rich, manageable woman.
Isobel certainly didn’t DISLIKE Heather, oh no, indeed. How can a lion, king of the jungle, dislike a moth? A useless, little moth, that did as it was told? Thus had been Isobel’s feelings towards Heather. It had taken very little effort to keep her in line, and she was effective as a house manager. She was pretty enough and any grandchildren would have been good looking children. Isobel found herself looking forward to being in charge of a nursery of children.
But now Heather had defied her. 
The moth had turned out to be a lioness, cowardly by running away, but she showed spirit and the ability to go against Isobel’s best interests. 
So she sat, lips pressed firmly together, brushing invisible dust from her skirt, glaring at her son.
It took many days for Clarence to finally coax more information from Isobel, who had turned stubborn. Hiding her duplicity would be difficult if Clarence could get the facts, and Isobel was determined to not be exposed, just as determined as Clarence was to get more information.
Clarence was puzzled and confused by her attitude, but his coldness and excessive civility towards his mother began to worry her. She gave in and flung her own letter to him, glaring. He read it: 
*
Aunt Isobel,
I discovered today that I am an heiress, a fact that you should have informed me of earlier. I have decided to visit my estate; I will never be returning to your house. 
I do not intend to pursue compensation for your personal use of my allowance. Consider it a parting gift from me, the last you will ever see.
I remain your (step) niece,
Heather L.
*
“What is this allowance?” he demanded. Eventually Isobel admitted that a quarterly allowance had been paid to her as Heather’s guardian, and that this had contributed to the comfort of the household, and that Heather had never been informed as to the source of the money.
Clarence demanded the address of the solicitor, and she angrily told him the direction. He left the house at once, striding to the office with a determined look where for the second time in a week, a secretary admitted a distressed client without an appointment.
As the soon-to-be husband, Mr  Robertson was happy to discuss financial matters with Clarence. 
Clarence had quite a shock, all in all. It seemed clear to him that his mother had grossly maligned, as well as stolen, from Heather, for all their lives. She had woven a web of deceit and caught him up in her schemes.
And yet. To be married to a vast fortune and to have a life on an estate in the country! 
To never have to go into the office again, to deal with clerks and officers! He found himself thinking longingly of such a life… 
Chapter nine
“Ladies, tea is ready to be served in the servants dining quarters,” announced Bernard to Mrs Hamming and Ellie.
Ellie has been on an errand to find Mrs Hamming. She’d walked over the entire house and finally found her in the upstairs hall; she’d been replacing all the vases with new vases of fresh flowers. 
Bernard had materialized out of the gloom in his usual manner, made his announcement and bowed, and walked off with his special butler’s walk.
“Ah, that Bernard,” smiled Mrs Hamming, watching him vanish down the hallway. 
She turned and picked up a large spent vase of flowers, and then attempt to pick up the other one the other one. 
“Here, let me,” Ellie picked it up for her. 
“Thank you. Now what was i saying. Oh yes, Bernard. You wanted to know more, I recall. Now that he’s not here, I can talk about it. You know, his father was the butler here before him,” continued Mrs Hamming, as they walked along the gallery. 
“So he grew up on the estate?”
“Well, in the village, mostly. His mother had been one of the parlour maids here. Quite a romance of its' day, forbidden to have the female and male servants interacting, shall we say!” 
“And they got married despite that?” 
“No one ever really followed the rules,” reminisced Mrs Hamming, her eyes far away. “Otherwise I’d not be “Mrs” Hamming at all! I was a tween-maid in a big house not far from here - I married dear Mr Hamming (bless him, he was taken too soon), who kept a shop in the town. I was often sent to him on errands, we got talking...and then we started walking out! But back then, they didn’t want the servants marrying and leaving, they'd have to train new servants, you see. I'm not sure who they thought the next generation of servants would be if the current one didn’t have children! Well, orders from above don’t stop people living their lives. Just makes it a little harder sometimes”. 
Ellie nodded. 
“My mother was in service before she met my father - he is a farmer,” she said. 
“You grew up on a farm?”
“In Wales, yes. It was very lovely but also very cold most of the time!” said Ellie, remembering. 
“How did you end up in London working for That Woman then?” 
Ellie smiled at the epithet that Mrs Hamming had obviously given Mrs Masham. How appropriate it was too! 
“There was no indoors work nearby, and a friend of my mothers who was still in service found the position for me. How excited was I to go to London! I thought to myself, my real life is starting now - but then I got there, and it was just Mrs Masham, bossing and fussing around...tedious really. There was something good though, I also got to meet Miss Leithbridge and we became friendly.” 
“She's a real, natural, Lady,” proclaimed Mrs Hamming. 
“Yes indeed! Ah, it's good to be able to put her in the clothes that suit her! -And to see her happy!” 
“She'll be happy when she marries, too, and has a nice family of her own. That’s what this place needs, lots of children running around it,” said Mrs Hamming. She had never had children of her own and had wanted them. 
“Well, she needs to marry first,” said Ellie guardedly. She knew Heather was still betrothed to Clarence, but also that no one else knew this. She also suspected that betrothal would be broken soon - but wasn’t sure who Heather would choose out of the selection that was currently offered to her. 
“Ah yes, that she does,” smiled Mrs Hamming, “And I’d not wonder to see wedding bells soon. But to whom, is who I ask...to whom!” 
That was the question, Ellie thought, that had them all intrigued, none the less the three main players in the romance drama that seemed to be unfolding before the interested eyes of the servants. 
*
Heather had just finished her breakfast, when Manfred Stanleigh entered the room. Heather had seen him briefly over the past week, when she had needed help in understanding some of the records.
Her feelings towards him were mixed. He was charming and pleasant. She felt slightly in awe of his self-possession and often didn’t know what to say when he was around. 
His smile played on her thoughts. She did think about his a little too often for her own comfort.
He was a very handsome man; she had also finally admitted to herself that she found him incredibly attractive. 
He stood in the doorway, looking at her seated at the breakfast table. The sunlight filtered onto his hair, streaking the deep black with patches of brilliant light. His grey suit and white shirt were crisp and clean, well fitting. 
He held a grey felt hat in one hand, all the picture of the benevolent city gentleman. Heather thought briefly of Peter's crumpled shirt and breeches, and suppressed the thought.
It would not do to compare the men. They had different upbringings, different lives. Peter had the ability to look comfortable and don't-care-ish about his appearance, which suited him and Manfred, was always immaculately turned out in clothes that suited his rank.
She had, going through the accounts, realised that Peter would be able to afford clothes like Manfred's if he’d wanted them; both men received very good wages. Manfred, with the higher level of responsibility was the most highly paid of the staff, of course. Heather had been almost shocked to see the figures. 
Her heart seemed to skip a beat, and she momentarily felt the blood flow through her veins, slowly. Such power this man had over her responses. She’d never met someone who could cause her heart to land in her mouth. 
His ice blue eyes glinted at her. 
“Heather, my dear cousin, how are you this morning? Are you quite well?” 
Manfred smiled, coming foreword to take her hand, and bent over it. His lips were warm and soft on her hand. A tingling sensation ran through her. 
“Thank you, I am very well, and how are you?” she said a little breathlessly, pulling her hand from his grip.
He nodded briefly in reply, and then said, “Well, I congratulate you on your finishing such a monumental task in such a short time! It took me months of dedicated reading to get through the records of The Groves!” 
“Ah, but I did not have to devote my time to anything but the records,” said Heather. “Also, I skimmed the truly boring sections!”
He laughed.
“True, true. However, now that you know our history, shall we begin to talk about our future?” 
“Certainly.”
She waked into the study, Manfred following her. She sat at the desk, an unconscious action that checked Manfred slightly; he had been accustomed to sitting in that chair. 
She realised she’d caused offense as she saw his mouth compress. Then his expression relaxed and she wondered if she had imagined it. 
He began to outline his plans for the future of The Groves. Heather, listening intently, agreed with a number of the agricultural improvements he said would bring better crops. 
He began to speak of the market gardens, full of flowers destined for the tables of the London Society.
“It's costing a lot to keep them going,” he said pointing a long, neat finger at a column of numbers on a page he’d set down before her. 
“The shipping costs alone are enormous. Keeping the flowers fresh during the journey is no mean feat. We would be better off scrapping that part of the produce, and growing food crops that will keep longer.” 
“But don't the profits cover the expense?” asked Heather, surprised. That had seemed obvious in the recent estate papers; Peter had made such a good job of the hothouse flowers. She smiled, thinking of the glow in Peter's eyes when he spoke of The Groves. It seemed to her now that Peter felt as part of the estate as she did herself.
Manfred made a dismissive gesture. “If you think about it carefully, looking at the figures and the fuss, you'll decide it isn't worth the bother. We could crop with fruit trees instead...” 
Slowly, Heather said, “I cannot make a commitment until I look again at the files. From what I saw, the profits were certainly large enough to justify the expenses.”
“Don't think you have learnt all there is to know by reading through the records!” said Manfred, smiling at her in order to soften his words.
She smiled back in response. “There's more to things in these estates than merely the straight figures.”
“And I would be happy if you could teach me!” said Heather. Her clear blue eyes met his. She felt her chest tighten, and her breath came faster. She moistened her lips, a gesture which Manfred noticed without a perceptible change in his face.
Looking at this woman before him, he felt and answering change in his body. She was very attractive….but he would have to proceed slowly, gently. She was not the docile, receptive young lady as he had first supposed –she had a core of steel in her. He understood she had a mind of her own, a strong mind, too. But steel was malleable with the correct forging. He would bend her without shattering her, and a union between them would be a sweet, glorious thing indeed.
He felt a tightening throughout his body, as though she had laid her hand on his heart, and said “love me!” The attraction he felt when he looked at her surprised him. He had never been one to let feelings rule him and he was trying hard not to admit to himself that he had some softer feelings for his wide eyed young relative. 
The willpower it must have taken to go through every paper in the study would have been enormous! He himself had found that task rather tedious, even being brought up to the Groves.
She was the sort of person The Groves needed at its helm. Strong, clever, beautiful. Not just a pretty ornament. She shouldn't be too hard to tame if he went carefully. She was a little wild at the moment, feeling freedom for the first time in her life.
She would also make a fine wife one to be proud of, he mused. She had the breeding, and she was lovely. Her chestnut hair, her smooth skin and oval face showed its heritage from generations of handsome ancestors. To marry her and gain final, total control of The Groves was an added bonus; no more trustees, no more asking. No more wages – instead, income. He thought briefly of another woman’s face…and resolved to not think of her again.
I might even marry her if she were penniless, he thought. No, not penniless. But even without The Groves, she's an attractive woman. Worth the effort of courting. As long as it didn't go on too long! Manfred was not a patient man, once he had made up his mind. But the courting of such a beauty would make the final achievement worth it.
Heather, who was unable to read Manfred's unyielding facial expression, was thinking that he was a mystery to her. His gentle calmness didn’t match the inner tension she felt around him. What was he thinking? She had no idea.
She had not met any young men but Clarence Masham and some of his friends, and Peter Conner – she was struck by Manfred's chiselled features and charming manners. With awakening perceptions, she could see that he was a man who liked to be master, and she supposed that he may sometimes have a problem now that he was not the master of The Groves any longer as she was now its mistress. 
Looking into his eyes now, she felt herself floating away.
“There is so much about the estate I don't know, though, and I so very badly want to!” she burst out, breaking the contact, not wanting to lose herself in his eyes.
“I will teach you everything, Heather,” he said softly to her.
He leaned over the desk. Their faces were very close. She could feel his warm breath on her cheek. Tension pulsed between them. She flicked her glance down to his strong, white hands, firmly planted on the desk. Such power and certainty!
“Everything?” she repeated breathlessly, raising her eyes to his. 
Their eyes locked in what seemed a long embrace. She felt as though she had been caressed. He looked away first. 
“I will bring you some of the current estate business tomorrow,” he said in a normal voice. Heather felt her calm return.
“Tomorrow, yes,” she said, unable to focus her words. He looked back at her. His eyes rested briefly on hers. She noted lacked expression; he was trying to suppress something? She felt that things were moving with undercurrents she couldn’t control.
“Until tomorrow…cousin!” he said, and left her.
The conversation with Manfred had disturbed her. His actions seemed almost contradictory. One moment he was offhandedly talking to her, the other he was looking at her in such a way that made her breath leave her.
She was unaware that he was tantalising her, giving her glimpses of him, and then snatching them away, so that she would want more. Heather was not worldly, her experience with older men was non-existent, and his behaviour seemed odd, yet strangely exciting.
Heather was not sure if she wanted to see him again soon. He confused her. A look of tenderness in his eyes had been replaced with one of steely blankness, and she was unable to interpret it. She had not lived in Isobel's house for twenty years without being unable to read feelings, and predict moods. However, the constantly changing eyes of Manfred, and his swiftly changing expressions left her feeling uncertain. 
She looked forward to meeting Peter at noon. She felt that she knew where she stood with him; there was certainty in that relationship. She knew that she had made a lifetime friend, even within minutes of meeting him. He had an open, intelligent face, good looks and charm. 
She thought of the unexpected meeting last night, in the gardens by moonlight. It felt entirely natural, though not at all correct. She smiled as she imagined what would be, say, Isobel's reaction to the meeting. Then she thought of Clarence, for the first time in many days.
The thought was not comfortable. She imagined Clarence, installed here at the Groves, as her husband. He would not continue his banking career he'd probably love it here, acting the part of the landed gentry. Ordering the carriage and riding out to survey his estates…Her estates. He wouldn't care, would he? 
Clarence was not the type of man to mind inheriting wealth from his wife. Isobel would move in too, possibly, and take charge of the housekeeping. Heather's blood froze in her veins at the thought. Isobel, bringing her frilly, lacy doilies, spoiling the great hall with big horrible sideboards full of china in particularly ugly designs.
She realised with a start that Clarence would not fit the atmosphere of The Groves she wished to create, the future she knew that she had here. She knew with a trickle of certainty that she could not marry him now, because she did not love him. Not one little bit.
She stopped and clasped her hand to her throat, her eyes widening at the thought. In London, she had been pushed to agree to marry Clarence, and had not protested, had imagined relatively happily their life together.
Now that she had some independence, she had the option to refuse. She felt slightly guilty, as she realised she should have written to him at least telling him she was all right. She felt nervous at the thought of writing him to break off their engagement. He would be upset, but perhaps not overly so. Did he love her? Not in that way, she thought.
Maybe he could visit The Groves some times, without Isobel, and she could wean him from his mother’s influence. 
But marry him? It was not going to happen. She would write later, when she thought of how she could say it.
With these thoughts on her mind, she slipped out of the back door into the courtyard and crunched over the path.
The kitchen garden sprawled along one of the wings, green and blooming. The scent was delicious; she could smell herbs in the warm sun. A small duck pond in the centre was noisily inhabited by a small family of ducks, flapping crisp white wings at each other, spraying themselves with showers of glittering droplets. 
She stooped briefly and reached out for some mint. The green crinkly leaf was attractive, rough, and smelt wonderfully fresh. She tucked the sprig into her bodice, patting it down into the button hole. There, she would have the clean, minty smell with her all day. She smiled and brushed her fingers.
She did not recognise most of the herbs. The only experience she had had with green, growing things had been the many trips to the London market or when she had ventured down into the kitchen at the London house in order to give the cook an order from Isobel. She would have to get someone to show her what was here that she didn’t recognise. She squinted at the garden; she counted many small plots of herbs surrounded by paths. It was staggering how many different things grew here. 
The Groves Records had included recipes for tinctures and ointments that would cure anything, from childbed fever to a cough or a curse. Her ancestors would have known what was in the gardens; she would have to learn that too. What a lot there was to learn!
Chapter Ten
The day was going to be warm but was still slightly cool at the moment. Walking on the crunching gravel Heather glimpsed the orangery beyond the knot garden. She stepped across to the gravel walkway, which led from the back of the house to the lake and canals.
The knot garden had been haphazardly looked after. Plants that had died had not been replaced, so that the complicated knots and twining of the hedge were not neat and it was hard to work out where the intricate knots were supposed to be. She believed the knot garden to be one of the original features of the house. But now she could barely make out the knots. She stood and looked at it for a while, and presently made out an “S” in the centre. 
“S” for Stanleigh, she supposed. She would see that it was restored to its original splendour.
She continued walking towards the orangery, which stood at the far side of the knot garden. She stood a moment and looked at it - bright red brick, set off by the pale yellow mortar lining. The lintels and columns of pale cream sandstone stood out starkly as if recently scrubbed. Tall glass windows glinted in the sunlight. It mostly WAS window, she mused. Window held together by the brick. The bricks closest to the ground had a darker look; she could see some of them were covered in a soft furry moss.
She tried to open the door. It was locked. Undaunted, she followed a worn track by the side of the building, through patches of grass and chamomile. This part of the orangery was hidden from the main house. It was a wide track, with evidence of wheelbarrow ruts along it.
A small, green door stood ajar. She put her hand on it and pushed. It opened easily. Stepping inside the orangery, she stood transfixed. The building was not large, but she couldn't see from one end to the other. A sheer wall of greenery stood before her.
The glassed roof was partly obscured by the tall, rich trees, pendulous fruits hanging from the branches. Gently she reached and touched one she did not recognise. It was wet with moisture. The air was humid and warm and her back began to prick with heat. Smaller plants, seeming planted with wild abandon, grew in long trays, of many levels, so that they cascaded down, mingling into one another. Pots sat beneath them, full of foliage that was dark green and reached upwards to the light.
The foliage was thick and green, succulent. Many of the plants sported exotic flowers, the combined scent of which was overwhelming. The coloured masses stood out and dazzled the eye.
Heather brushed one of the white delicate flowers closest to her hand. Drops of water clung to her fingers, as well as an indefinable fragrance. Beautiful, and sweet, it filled her nose with the promise of spring and growth.
My Goodness. What a lovely place! She felt still and at peace. Such a room had been created by loving hands. It was not just a business venture, this room, to create delicate blossoms to grace the tables of the rich city folk. It was the creation of someone who wanted to create a thing of delight to all the senses.
Something caught at her sleeve. She looked down, and saw the hands that had made this room were resting on her arm. She turned and looked up into Peter's eyes.
He was wearing his usual rough white shirt, with leather breeches, and a russet coloured vest. A red rose, emitting a powerful and alluring perfume, was pinned to his chest. She remembered he had told her the night before that she would recognise him by a red rose. 
And her in her blue dress.
His disarming grin provoked a similar expression from her. 
“How do you like my flowers?” he smiled at her. 
Heather laughed and nodded, gesturing at the flowers. 
“Calling them mere flowers seems very…understated!” 
“Oh, you do like them?” 
“Yes I do!” She looked around her. She blinked and sighed happily.
“I think,” she continued. “Eden would have been like this.”
She glanced at Peter. He was looking at her, inscrutable, surveying her expression. His mobile mouth twitched.
“Now that,” he said slowly, “is the nicest compliment I have ever had.”
She raised her eyes to his and was struck at once by the difference in the cousins. Manfred's eyes were deep blue, hidden with depth and meaning. They smouldered and kept secrets with delight. Peter’s blue eyes however had a clear friendly expression open to the world. Chalk and cheese!
“I mean it, it’s utterly, well, it’s heavenly in here” she said intently. 
“I know.”
They stood in silence for a moment, looking around them and absorbing what they saw. Heather breathed in deeply. The air seemed charged between them. It was so very easy to be thus with Peter and she felt a kick of pleasure in her stomach. He smiled at her though his eyes when they met. She felt no need to break the exchange, but said presently, because she was curious,
“But why? Why is this place here?” 
“This is where the exotics for the London market are grown.” 
Heather remembered Manfred's suggestion of stopping that aspect of The Groves export, citing its unprofitability. Every fibre of her body cried out at such a suggestion. The orangery was more beautiful than any place she had ever been! 
“Oh,” she said instinctively, “This must last forever!” She closed her eyes and breathed. Peter stood beside her, letting her revel in the perfumes. 
“Here,” he said gently, lifting a pot to her face. It was the flower she had touched before. “This is a gardenia”. 
Heather bent over the little white flower with its sweet fragrance and inhaled deeply.
“Mmmm and what is that?”
“Frangipani. From the East.” 
“And that?”
“Ah, that has no scent, that's a slipper orchid; it is prized for its shape. Look at it, isn’t it exquisite? I’d grow these even if we didn’t sell them, just to look at.” 
Heather listened transfixed while Peter showed her the plants and explained the system he’d set up. The range was astounding. There were no fixed orders to fill, rather, Peter sent off the cut stems to London as they became ready. 
There was always a market for fresh, unusual blooms, he told her. An almost insatiable market. Many city folk had conservatories, and small gardens of their own, but it was places like The Groves which had the money to get in the more unusual blossoms, and tend them well, that made it so special. Also the work that went into the flowers, which had to be warm and wet, most of the year around.
“The seasons don’t matter in here,” he told her waving at the roof, “See, we keep it warm and wet, and when the days are short, we light up the place so the plants think it’s summer.”
Heather stared around her, noting the lights, the mirrors, the watering system, the heaters in the corners. The orangery, for all its tumbling, seemingly haphazard planting, was a carefully constructed greenhouse. Light and water requirements were met for each plant individually. 
An irrigation system, fed by the lake, brought water directly to the orangery. The water could be heated in a huge furnace system, discreetly built into the side facing away from the house. The warmer water made winters in the orangery warm and tropical. They could even grow bananas, which were the trees Heather had noticed on her way in.
Together, they wandered up and down the winding paths as he pointed out plants to her and lifted flowers for her to smell.
“My father started the orangery as a financial concern, when he ran out of room in the greenhouses,' said Peter, ducking his head to avoid a low hanging tendril. 
“I spent most of my time here as a child. I used to take the imperfect flowers home to my mother. She loved them.” 
He paused briefly, and then continued, “I assume you've heard most of the family history?” 
At Heather's nod, he said,
“They disowned her, but they still loved her. It broke their hearts. Falling in love with the head gardener! They pushed her to marry someone with a title, someone respectable, but she defied them and married for love. She was beautiful, always laughing. They would have liked to have paid off my father, and annul the marriage. 
Then, they thought, they could marry her off suitably and never mention her first marriage again. They also thought that a week in my fathers’ company, in his cottage, would be enough and she’d be back home begging for things to be put right. But things didn’t go as they planned – she became with child. My grandparents were devastated. No Earl would have her if she had a commoner’s child! So she lived in the cottage of her husband - and she loved it.
“My grandparents told her if she wished it, she could give him up and come and live in the house as a “widowed” daughter. She refused. Her life with my father was so completely different than she had ever seen before. She had a wonderful time, but my grandparents could not accept it. They thought they could bribe her back to them with money – they were ruled by money. But she loved my father, not their idea of comfort. She loved walking across the estate, talking about plants. 
My grandparents never understood that, that there was more to life than money, position, titles. I believe she got more out of life, living on the estate, with my father's small income, than they did in their big house with their servants and dinners and talk of right and proper.” 
He smiled as he reached out and snipped a small red flower from a tendril hanging near his face. He offered it to Heather, who sniffed it, tucked it behind her ear.
“She always taught me to love the gardens,” he said. “What could be more natural than my taking over when my father died?”
“You have also improved the market gardens at The Groves,” said Heather, thinking of the most recent records. 
“It's in my blood,” replied Peter. Their eyes met again, and they smiled at each other. The light slanted into his eyes, lightening them as though they shone from the inside. 
“With your permission, too, I would like to get the ornamental gardens looking as they should...” he began. He seemed hesitant to finish the question, and looked away. He ducked his head slightly in embarrassment.
“Yes, I noticed the knot garden looking decidedly shabby,” said Heather quickly. “I would like you to fix that!” 
“Then you will allocate some income towards the restoration and upkeep? It's no small job...the replanting and replacing will take a long time, and cost a lot in material and men.” His eyes flicked upwards as he made mental calculations. 
“I would like to see The Groves returned to its former beauty”, said Heather. “It's a shame, the way the non-profit gardens have been left to lay as they are and to overgrow. There is so much beauty in them that has been ruined” 
Peter said slowly, “I have never had the funds or men to work on the gardens that did not make a profit, yet I do not believe that Lord Stanleigh wished to see the decline of the gardens either.”
He frowned slightly, his eyebrows knotted in concentration.
He made a start, as though to speak, and then looked at her intently. He watched her expression as he said, “I will speak of this as you need to know - You probably guessed that Lord Stanleigh - Manfred - and I do not see eye to eye on most subjects! It stems mostly from childhood rivalry. He has always been proud of his heritage, and of The Groves. I was, in his eyes, baseborn, and had no right to live and enjoy myself here. That rivalry has extended to our adulthood, unfortunately. I have repeatedly requested the funds to be able to restore the gardens to their former glory, but he runs the estate and the money never seemed to be there.”
Heather considered the statement.
Manfred and Peter perhaps had a misunderstanding. He may not have wanted to spend money that wasn’t his on things the owner could get no profit from. Perhaps he feared retribution for spending money on things that would not produce profit. However! Things were different now. She made a note to ask Manfred to speak to Peter about getting the gardens up and running and restored to their former beauty. 
“Well, I will see to it, you will have the funds you need now,” she said smiling at him. Peter grinned back at her, delighted. “Give me your estimates and I’ll get it to happen.”
“We'll soon have that tangled, weedy un-pruned mess back into shape,” he said decisively. “What are your favourite colours, my dear?” 
“I like that red,” said Heather, pointing at the red rose he wore in his shirt. She decided not to ask why he had called her his dear. It had not been the first time. Perhaps it was just a mannerism he had. 
“And I like blue, and green and pink and yellow, and oh! – everything bright and scented!”
“You have excellent taste, Heather,” Peter said, peering down the rose. He pulled it from his shirt and held it out to her.
“This is one of our own hothouse roses. Created by an old, tottering gardener, who died before your parents were born. It's called 'Stanleigh'. I've been cultivating them; I think the market is ready to receive them soon. Imagine, the Stanleigh rose on the tables of the rich and famous in London, filling the rooms with perfumes from The Groves. If I have any ambition, then perhaps that is it.” 
Heather closed her eyes and breathed deeply. Her head bent over the rose, her cheeks glowed pink with pleasure. She liked the idea of a Stanleigh rose, and said so. It smelt delicious, just as a rose should smell. She remembered that Isobel had sometimes ordered flowers when company was due, and the roses didn't smell anywhere near the heady scent of the Stanleigh rose.
“There's more than the rose,” continued Peter. “If you would care to take a small wander around our ancestral home, I could point out the tree planted by your great great grandparents, and climbed (and fallen out of) by your grandparents, and parent, and me! - amongst other wonders!” 
“I would like that.” 
“Shall we?”
Peter extended her his arm, which Heather laid her hand against. The left the orangery by the little green door.
The air outside felt cold against her cheeks. She patted her hair with her free hand. Drops of moisture clung to it. The loose, wispy hairs of her forehead were damp and stuck to her face. She ran a hand over them, brushing them away in a fluid gesture. The clear spring air felt very cold in comparison to that of the orangery. She shivered slightly, but the sun at least was warm on her shoulders. She felt at her bodice for the sprig of mint. It was still there, sweet and sharp smelling. 
Peter waited tolerantly. 
“Feel pretty now?” he inquired. 
“Yes, thank you!” said Heather, loftily. “Can we look at the knot garden, first? And then perhaps the Italian garden?” He nodded, and spoke to her, his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. 
“They say that many a secret assignation occurred in the Italian garden,” he said. “Not, of course that you or I would meet there, particularly not in the middle of the night, when all good folk are soundly asleep in their beds!” 
“No,” agreed Heather, a sparkle in her eye, “I would never DELIBERATELY meet anyone in the gardens at night! Particularly not a man!” 
“You are too much of a lady,” agreed Peter solemnly. 
“I suggest you do not forget that,” said Heather, with her most aristocratic expression. 
Unfortunately, she spoiled the effect by laughing, but managed to control herself in time. She straightened her face, and frowned at Peter. 
Peter nodded, appreciating her efforts.
“I see that. And now...to the gardens?”
“To the gardens, where we shall behave with the decorum expected of us.”
Peter raised an eyebrow, grinned, and arm in arm they ventured to the gardens. 
“You have noticed the knot garden,” said Peter, gesturing in the direction of the closest garden.
“I believe I have done so”, said Heather nodding.
“Did you notice the pattern in which the gardens are set out?” he asked, guiding her towards the walkway.
“No, I didn't know there was a pattern!”
“There are four gardens, one set at each of the corners of the house. The Italian and Knot on one side, the Rose and Flower on the other.”
“All the scents on one side, and the structure on the other?”
“Exactly”, he smiled down at her.
They cut across the walkway, and headed towards the rose garden. This had been kept somewhat in better order.
“The previous tenants liked to use this garden,” said Peter. “The lady of the house would come out of a morning and cut flowers for the table. So we kept the roses well pruned and fertilized, so they would flower.”
The rose garden was set out as though in wedges of a pie. Each wedge had a lawn path beside it, running into the centre like spokes on a wheel. The centre of the garden had a little stone circular seat.
“Perfect for midnight assignations,” Peter said, innocently. Heather blushed and he grinned down at her.
He pointed out that one of the wedges was full of the red, blooming, “Stanleigh” rose.
“Oh, how lovely!” cried Heather, as she stood in front of it and breathed in the strong, sweet smell.
“Here,” said Peter, a small pair or garden cutters appearing in his hand as if by magic, “put some on your bedside table, you will have sweet dreams!”
Heather gladly took the shears, and reached for one of the perfect blooms. 
“Ouch!”
She snatched back her hand in pain.
“Oh by the way, the roses have thorns,” said Peter, conversationally, which rewarded him with a glare from Heather.
“Oh, all right, I should have reminded you, though you should have realised there would be thorns!” he said. He reached for her hand and lifted it to his face.
“It's only a small scratch, what are you complaining about?”
“It may be small, but it hurts!” retorted Heather, torn between laughing and being annoyed.
“Well, the small ones may also be the worst,” he agreed solemnly.
“It IS deep,” said Heather.
“Oh, very deep.”
“And painful.”
“Very painful.”
“Do you know how to cure something so deep and painful?” he asked her, grinning.
“No, but I feel you're going to tell me,” she replied, apprehensively.
“I think I'll show you instead,” he considered, and bent over her hand.
The kiss he placed over the scratch had more than a healing quality to it. His lips touched her skin, and seemed to awaken something inside her. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. He continued to move his lips over her hand, kissing each finger in turn. She felt an almost electric reaction to the warmth of his mouth on her skin. She breathed in a shuddering breath, and leaned toward him.
She was sorry when he stopped. She opened her eyes slowly, and saw that he was looking at her. All trace of fun and games had left him. In the place of the carefree, easy-going Peter Conner stood an intense, watchful man. They looked at each other gravely.
The sun shone through his hair, which was only less marginally untidy than it had been when she had first seen him. She wondered what it was about these Stanleigh men that was so attractive.
His eyes sought hers. Looking into her soul, he seemed to see what he wanted to, and the slow, familiar smile appeared on his mouth.
“There, do you feel better now?”
“Thank you, you have a healing touch,” retorted Heather, uncertain what to say. She did not want to be made a fool of. Thinking about it, though, she did not believe that he would ever think her a fool.
He grinned at her. “Ready to see the flower garden now?”
“Yes,” replied Heather, hopefully with dignity, though she knew it fell flat. She did not feel dignified. He released her hand, took her arm again and they set off to tour the rest of the grounds.
 
Chapter Eleven

When she’d arrived at the Groves, Heather realised she really needed to get some clothes more appropriate to the country. She had some London dresses made for her when she had become engaged to Clarence, many of which she had gratefully abandoned when packing to leave. But nothing she had was suitable to walk or ride outside in. She had sent Ellie into the village, with instructions to bring her back the names of suitable dressmakers in the area. 
Ellie had returned with a scolding for Heather. She had undertaken this commission, and gone as far as to bring her back some two dresses the local dressmaker had made for a customer who had failed to pay the bills, so that Heather would have some more clothes while waiting for delivery. The dresses were suitable for a genteel lady, but were not entirely to Heathers taste, as Ellie noticed when Heather wrinkled her nose at them.
“You should spend more time on yourself,” Ellie said severely. “It's not seemly that the lady of The Groves wears another's castoffs!” 
The clothes had been cut to a fuller figure than Heather's, and Ellie had been set to the task of remaking them. Together, the girls had giggled and been reminded of the times they’d spent together in the past.
Heather had agreed that she should see the dressmaker herself, and Ellie had duly organised a visit from the dressmaker’s apprentice, who measured Heather and brought a selection of fashion plates for Heather to look at. The girls had chosen a number of dresses and accessories, that were starting to be delivered as they were ready - so that now Heather had some very pretty dresses and shawls and jackets, and more on the way.
Though Heather still didn’t have anywhere near enough dresses for her position, which Ellie did not hesitate to inform her.
“You need to go and look at the shop yourself,” she scolded Heather. “What happens when you start to go visiting? You need to look the part!”
Heather had agreed, and was planning a dress to the dressmaker as soon as possible.
The next morning she was in the Library, wearing one of the made-over dresses, drinking a second cup of tea, while sorting through the letters. Among the estate correspondence, she noticed some calling cards.
She had been visited by many of her neighbours by now. They always left cards and she had on a few occasions returned the call. There were a few old families who seemed to know all about her. It was sometimes disconcerting how much her neighbours seemed to know. 
She sat tapping the cream-coloured card against the table. It would be nice if she got out of the estate and got to know some more of the families around The Groves. She wished she had some nicer clothes. Ellie was correct, she needed to see to that soon!
She rang the servant’s bell and Mrs Hamming appeared in a few moments, her smiling face peering around the door.
“Could you find Manfred for me please, Mrs Hamming?” asked Heather.
“Yes, m’dear….are you going calling?”
“I think I will!” declared Heather.
Mrs Hamming scuttled off and very soon Manfred, impeccably dressed as always, strode into the room.
 “Would you care for some tea?” asked Heather, handing him a cup. His handsome mouth smiled and he bent to sip the tea.
“I think it’s time I met more of my new neighbours,” said Heather, “and I’d like you to come with me if it’s not too much trouble?”
“What a fine idea!” said Manfred. “It’s always good to know the locals.”
“Yes…Mrs McCubbin and her daughter called on me a few days ago and left their card, I thought I’d visit them today” said Heather.
Manfred’s stood rigid for a moment. His face became immobile and there was a slight pause before he said ‘Ah, yes… Excellent idea…a lovely country family…flame red hair on all the children…very distinctive…when would you like to leave?”
He drank the tea, watching her face.
“I will just fetch my bonnet…are you ready for calling?”
He flicked an imperceptible speck from his jacket sleeve.
“I am fortunately dressed to receive visitors today, I have just been seeing the estate lawyer…I shall order the carriage to be brought around, and drive you.”
“Lovely! I shall fetch my shawl and see you there directly!” Heather got up and headed towards the door. When she reached the door she looked back at him, as he stood still slightly rigid.
She raised her eyebrow, whatever could be wrong with him? But then he noticed her watching, and smiled at her and nodded for her to go, so she turned and went up the stairs to her bedroom to fetch her bonnet and shawl.
Manfred certainly knew how to drive horses, thought Heather admirably, as she sat next to him on in the carriage, as they jogged down a very pretty lane, surrounded with hedgerows. Birds twittered and flew from the hedges to the trees and there was a definite humming of insects as they crawled around the spring flowers by the side of the road.
“It’s a very beautiful time of year”, commented Heather, who pushed back her bonnet to allow the slight breeze the freedom to brush over her face.
“This part of the country is indeed lovely,” agreed Manfred. “Soon, you’ll see McCubbin park, where that worthy family have lived for 5 generations”
“Do you know them well?” asked Heather
“Rather well. All the families know each other in our part of the world. There is Major McCubbin, who spends much of his time away in various places in the world. Mrs McCubbin used to follow the drum, I believe, but since the birth of their first son, she has stayed at home’.
“How many children are there?”
“You know, I am unsure! There are at least 3 daughters and two sons, any others would be in the school room, and I have not been introduced! They are a good looking family, very country gentry. I used to go to Eton with the second son, Philip; the eldest son is Arthur, he used to threaten us until we left him alone.’
Manfred let out a laugh. “We used to follow him everywhere, with the end result that he used to order his horse saddled before sunrise and be off before we could annoy him! We looked up to him.”
He smiled , remembering his days of youth.
“Of course, that was before I took over the running of the estate, and Philip went into the army,” he continued, and told Heather a few amusing stories from his days as a youth. This kept her entertained until they reached McCubbin Park.
They were shown into the morning parlour, a beautiful, large room hung with paintings of flowers and dogs. Heather amused herself wandering around, peering at the paintings, when the door opened and two ladies entered the room.
The first, Mrs McCubbin, was a large lady dressed richly in a lace draped morning dress of green and cream. She had a head of well-dressed faded red hair, and was a very handsome lady. She wore a jet brooch at her throat, was very formidably tall, but her eyes were kind.
The second lady was quite obviously her daughter. A willowy, graceful girl, with gloriously burnished copper hair, she was dressed in white which made her skin seem translucent against her hair. Her deep dark eyes were startling in her creamy white face.
Mrs McCubbin came towards Heather and grasped her hands in her two plump ones, ringed in glittering gems.
“My dear!” she said “how pleased I am to make your acquaintance at last! Please, be seated, I will order tea to be served at once!”
Heather did as she was bid and settled herself on a striped chair with alarmingly reptilian feet. She smiled at Mrs McCubbin and Miss McCubbin. 
Manfred took Mrs McCubbin hand and bent over it.
“A pleasure as always,” he murmured and she inclined her head at him.
Turning to Miss McCubbin, Heather was aware that both of them appeared very awkward.
“Miss McCubbin! It’s been too long,” said Manfred. She offered him her hand and he kissed it briefly then they both stood there looking uncomfortable.
“Yes, it has Mr Stanleigh, you used to be a frequent visitor but we’ve not seen you in a number of weeks,” replied Miss McCubbin, her lovely eyes were demurely downcast but her voice held a note of censure.
“Ah, I’ve been busy, the job of running the estate…” replied Manfred softly.
He turned to Heather. ‘Allow me to introduce my cousin, Miss Stanleigh,” he said, smiling at Heather.
The ladies were duly introduced and after some small talk and summoning of servants, seated around a small tea table full of a pot of piping hot tea and an assortment of delicacies.
“I hear you are from London”, Miss McCubbin said to Heather, offerings her plate of tiny, delicious looking cakes. “Did you attend many balls while you were there? I hear London is a gay place, full of parties and theatres and balls!”
“I lived quietly in London, I’m afraid I can’t tell you much about the social scene! I did go to a ball recently, however, it was a very enjoyable event!”
“You must have a ball at The Groves, and we can all dance there,” suggested Miss McCubbin.
“Selina!” exclaimed her mother, laughing, “The poor girl has just settled in, time enough for dances and balls in the future! You ignore her, Miss Levisham!”
Salina McCubbin flushed, but Heather just laughed back and said “Oh, when the ball room is cleaned and mended a bit, I will definitely have a ball there…and you will all be invited!”
Miss McCubbin’s eye met Heathers, and both girls smiled at each other. 
Heather chose another cake and sipped her tea, and listened to Mrs McCubbin and Miss McCubbin and Manfred chattering away about local families and gossip. She liked both the women on first sight; they were attractive as well as pleasant and friendly.
After some time, though, she realised that Manfred and Miss McCubbin were avoiding looking at each other and were not speaking directly to each other. They were sitting directly opposite each other and yet were making no eye contact, both were focused either on Mrs McCubbin, Heather, or else the food or tea cups.
Heather wondered at this until she saw Miss McCubbin look directly at Manfred’s face, who was at the time staring intently at a biscuit.
It was startling, that look. “She’s in love with him!” realised Heather. There was longing and sadness in the look.
Manfred seemed totally aware of what was going on. Heather watched his face for a moment, and he looked at her, then turned his attention back to Mrs McCubbin and started up a discussion on the glorious weather. Heather turned to Miss McCubbin and was momentarily startled by a look of fury directed at her – a look wiped out almost immediately as Miss McCubbin wiped her expression flat, smiled and asked Heather if she would like more tea.
Heather accepted the tea and continued to make small talk, but underneath her calm surface she felt very shaken. 
So, Miss Selina McCubbin was in love with Manfred and Manfred knew it. She had mentioned that Manfred hadn’t been around much lately…but used to visit often. She couldn’t remember Manfred speaking of visiting the McCubbins, though she had heard him mention other local families he’d visited.
His studious politeness and avoidance of Miss McCubbin was obvious to even Heather, who had never met Miss McCubbin before.
And Miss McCubbin herself, who seemed to regard Heather with dislike, or jealousy?
Did his lack of visits begin with Heathers’ arrival at The Groves?
Heathers heart beat quickened. What could she do? She needed more information!
Before she could think too much more on these matters, she realised that everyone had finished eating and drinking and there was a general air of finality about the tea table scene. 
Manfred had risen and was looking at her expectantly
“Thank you so much for your hospitality,” Heather said, turning to Mrs McCubbin, “you must come and visit soon – a longer visit, dinner perhaps and allow us to return the favour.”
“We would be delighted!” murmured Mrs Mcubbin. She smiled at Heather, with an odd expression in her eyes. Heather wondered if she’d missed any of the interplay between Manfred and Miss McCubbin, and decided that she probably was very aware of what was going on. Probably far more aware than she herself was.
She watched closely as Miss McCubbin and Manfred took their leave of each other. There was defiantly a constraint there. Miss McCubbin kept her face straight and demure but the tension in her body was obvious and she didn’t come out with Mrs McCubbin to see them into the carriage. 
On the drive home, Heather stole a glance at Manfred. His normally cheerful banter and pleasant manner had been replaced by a sombre, more thoughtful mood.
She decided that keeping her mouth shut would be the best thing to do. Until Manfred spoke of it, after all, it was none of her business. Also, she’d assumed a lot. But mostly she gleaned from the day’s work that Manfred had possibly reciprocated Miss McCubbin’s interest – until Heather had arrived. 
She resolved to think no more on the topic - and made this resolution a number of times during the journey home, every time she thought about it.
 
Chapter Twelve
“Could you sit with me a while”, Heather asked Ellie the next morning, coming down unexpectedly into the kitchen. Elllie bobbed up; she had been sewing by the fireplace where it was warm. The kitchen window streamed with light.
“Of course!” said Ellie, and went to put away her sewing.
“No, bring that,” said Heather, noticing it, “I would like your company while I do a bit of sewing myself,” she continued. “I would love a bit of friendly female company!” 
They grinned at each other the way they did when they were in London, a shared, somewhat guilty companionship.
Ellie picked up her sewing basket and they made their way up into the morning room. Heather stealthily took a few rock cakes from the fresh pile cooling on the kitchen table (the cook had been busy that morning).
She handed one to Ellie as they settled in the morning room. Both took out their sewing; Ellie was mending one of Heather’s gloves and Heather was embroidering a small bag with a pattern of honeysuckle. 
“Isn’t it different here!” said Heather, carefully threading a needle with cream coloured silk.
“Aye, it’s so much for the better,” said Ellie in her lilting Welsh voice. “The others are all nice, the food is better, the house is so grand! And we don’t have your Aunt Isobel constantly pointing out all the things we’ve done wrong!”
Heather laughed.
“Yes…” she cried, “Oh Heather, where are you? - Drat that gel!” she said in a fairly good imitation of Isobel’s deep voice. 
Both girls laughed.
“I do miss Clarence though,” said Heather when they had finished laughing. “I’m used to talking to him about…oh, everything I suppose. It’s odd not having him around.”
“I see you’re talking to Mr Manfred and Mr Peter,” said Ellie. “So you’ll not be wanting for male companionship?”
Heather felt herself blush. She gave a slight grimace.
“Oh, they’re so different to Clarence,” she said.
“I’ll wager you’d feel different about it if you didn’t see either of them anymore,” guessed Ellie. “Boldly speaking, mam, but you’re betrothed to Clarence Masham and you look like you’d rather be that with either of the Stanleigh men.” 
She wondered if she’d spoken out of turn, but from the look on Heather’s face, she realised that she was right and that Heather was grateful to have someone to talk about it with, or at least acknowledge the truth of the statement.
“I don’t know what to do about all of that,” said Heather. “Not yet, anyway. Clarence…well, I don’t think I can stay betrothed to him, Ellie. I just don’t feel that way about him, not how a wife needs to consider her husband.”
“Well, that’s no surprise,” said Ellie, as she snipped a thread with her scissors. “Now, where’s that spool gone…ah, there it is. No, as I said, you seem to feel that way about the other gentlemen though. If you were a savage you might be able to have both of them, but eventually you’ll have to decide which one’s for you.”
Heather sat silent, her embroidery on her lap. She looked over at Ellie and made a face. “It’s early days yet,” she spoke softly. “There are things about both of them I like, I’ll admit. They are so very…well.” Her voice trailed off and she sat and stared at her embroidery.
Ellie had her own opinions of what the gentlemen were truly like and which one her mistress should end up with, but thought it best not to say anything at the current time. If it looked like Heather would choose the wrong man, she would say so, but until now, she was content to remain silent and watch Heather like a hawk, along with the rest of the household servants.
*
Peter Conner, head gardener and sometimes gentleman, whistled as he made his way back to his cottage. Any time he met Heather to discuss estate matters, he thought, that meeting would go remarkably well. No, not so much as well, but famously. 
When he had seen her at the village inn, his first thought was “How is such a young, gentle thing going to handle Manfred?” 
But Heather was well able to handle Manfred. Which was fortunate, considering the way his cousin behaved. 
Manfred and Peter seemed to have been destined to consider the other an irritation. Peter had a much easier manner than Manfred but less authority.
The previous tenants had been intimidated by Manfred’s air of breeding and his sense that one were in the presence of a superior being. He had never been rude, or in any way directly responsible for anything the tenants had done or not done, but he was always in the background, with suggestions.
“I have a trust to maintain,” he Peter heard Manfred tell them just after they arrived at The Groves, “and I want this estate running as smoothly and as profitably as I can get it. Which means, of course that the following need to be considered...”
Oh yes, mused Peter, Manfred kept the estate profitable and well organised. He had looked after the estate and the house well, efficiently. But Peter thought that Manfred had not real feel for it, no need to tread the soil of his ancestors. Peter’s unexpected meeting with Heather in the moonlight had led him to a very important fact; he and Heather felt the same way about The Groves - need to be where they belonged.
It was a good thing the property had not been entailed, or it would have long ago sold off for debts incurred by Manfred's father. The current (titled) branch of the family saw it as an asset, not a part of themselves, as he did -- and surprisingly did Heather, new to the estate as she was, the land sang in her bones.
Heather and Peter had reached a rapport on the trip home from the village, that first night. 
The times they had seen each other since had done nothing to dispel that, and had indeed made the feeling stronger. He kissed her hand almost unthinkingly, and had to control himself strongly, so much was his inclination to kiss the rest of her.
He admired Heather for her sad past, and the fact that it had not turned her bitter or angry. He looked forward to her future. She was beautiful, but this was partly because she radiated energy, and pleasure at being alive. How had she managed to stay so positive, so alive, after being kept so close in London? 
He sighed. Admit it, Peter Conner, you've fallen for the girl. Yes, I admit it. Well, what are you going to do now?
Get her.
Just like that? He laughed, thinking that Heather would assume an affronted stare if he tried to make any sudden moves on her virtue. Though the guilty look of pleasure on her face and his lips pressed to her fingers.
Well, how to win her over?
Slowly. Build it up. She's young, she had no experience in the wily ways of men. But what if Manfred gets to her first?
Well, there was nothing wrong with being second! But if he tries anything with her, then by goodness, he’d not take it quietly.
There was a lot to reflect on. Spending more time with her would be key. She certainly didn’t show anything other than friendship at the moment, and he didn’t want to spoil things by moving too fast.
*
Manfred's thoughts were also fixed on Heather, and The Groves. A few days before he’d busied his brain with some estate business, he had left the main house and walked out of the house on the way to see one of the groundsmen. From the corner of his eye, he’d seen a flash of blue, and when he looked closer was somewhat peeved seeing Peter and Heather arm in arm, strolling around the grounds.
Well, he would have to warn her about Peter. He was a dangerous influence.
Heartless, base-born, a mix of bloodlines and far to causal in his attitude to his betters. Manfred had frowned, watching Heather and Peter vanish into the rose garden. Yes, he’d really need to say something to Heather about the suitability of walking arm in arm with someone like Peter. 
But there was something about her that made him a little unsure. His gentle guidance had seemed to work until quite recently, although she had actually disagreed with him on a number of points. This was unexpected, and Manfred had not considered that his young cousin from London would have opinions of her own – or be able to uphold them against his will.
What if she failed to be swayed by him on points that mattered? He smiled grimly and touched a hand to his hair. No, she was a sensible young lady, he decided, his confidence returning. She liked him and admired him. Her eyes lit up when she saw him. And, he thought ruefully, his did when he saw her also. She had an air about her that made a man take notice…and she was certainly charmed by him, else why she would blush so prettily when he entered the room?
He would have to see her soon. She had recently spoken at length with Peter; it wouldn't do to have her listening to that man's tales about him. The ear of Miss Leithbridge would have to be a prize to fight over. Not a fair fight, really. He had more guile and experience than Peter, and he believed that he would soon be escorting Peter off the property.
It was perhaps unfortunate that it was with this thought in his mind that he met Peter out by the lakes.
Manfred had gone to talk to one of the men who was in charge of the orchards. Peter was picking up some more piping that he needed for the orangery. Peter's hands full of brass pipe and rope, and Manfred with his thick leather case full of record books, the men met unexpectedly face to face outside one of the work sheds.
“Dear cousin, how nice to see you,” murmured Peter, nodding briefly at him, an action that seemed to enrage his cousin.
Manfred smiled his iciest smile, known to have a lesser man trembling. 
“Peter Conner,” he said. “What an unexpected pleasure to see you. Errr, working hard, of course. Mustn't let the work get behind, must we?”
“Yes, it's always a bit of a bother, having to work for a living.”
Peter stressed the word 'having', knowing that Manfred had no choice but to draw a salary for support as he did.
His ploy worked, to his delight. Manfred had gone pale with rage. 
“Of course,” Manfred barked, “Some people think that by integrating themselves in certain circles, they may never need to work again. I agree, of course, that it's good to know what side ones' bread is buttered on, but in your case, Mr Conner, you reach for the jam.”
“Oh, I've never been afraid of hard work, you know that, Mannie,” said Peter, looking relaxed. He rested the heavy piping on the ground, and was leaning his forearms on it, for all the world as if he had met a friend and was having a pleasant chat.
Manfred glared at him.
“Besides,” Peter continued, “I've always been partial to jam on my bread and butter. Makes life a little sweeter. Look forward to my tea, I do, when there's jam.” 
Manfred knew he was being baited; his fists clenched.
“My dearest cousin,” he almost spat, “don't count on enjoying jam too much. You might get up one day and find that your jam pot has gone from under your knows to be enjoyed by another man. A more…deserving…man…” 
He stared at Peter significantly, pleased to see Peter's eyes tighten slightly, and his nonchalance become a little more studied. 
Yes, that thrust had hit home all right. 
He smiled tightly. “It's not going to go your way this time, Peter,” he said silkily. “I'm going to enjoy this much more than you can never know.”
“Don't count on it,” said Peter, looking bored. “The race isn't won yet, the battle hasn't been fought. A few skirmishes doesn't make a victor.”
The two men stood, gazes locked. They were both good looking and both resourceful, and both had a lot to win, a lot to lose. Peter and Manfred were also aware that the other knew that he had plans. 
That feeling of change that Peter had known was coming during the previous winter was sweeping through the groves like a warm wind. How easily things did change, and how quickly the effects were felt! Both cousins, united in common enmity for so long, knew that there would only be one winner in this last fight. The prize was great indeed; the ability to make their plans and dreams come true….and love. Who would not want such a prize? And standing in the soft spring light, the cool breeze bringing the scent of apple blossom strongly in its thin grasp, Manfred and Peter smiled at each other, knowing that war had been declared on each other, that a battle to the death needed to be fought.
“Well, dearest cousin, I have work to do,” Manfred spoke abruptly, cutting off the interchange. He gestured at the piping that Peter had propped himself up on.
“As I see, do you. I'll leave you to get along with it.” 
He strode off, invigorated, gripping his case so hard his fingers turned white . Yes, he would win this war, and The Groves and Heather would be his, and at last he would see the last of Peter Conner.
Peter stood watching his tall, strong figure marching away. He looked down at his own mud-encrusted hands and workman’s shirt. He scrubbed his hands together, with the result that his shoes were showered in a fine mist of dirt. Shaking his head ruefully, he sighed and picked up the pipe, slung it over his shoulder, and walked off in the opposite direction. 
Chapter Thirteen
“Package for you,” said Bernard, coming into the room where Ellie was working at her embroidery. He handed a large parcel to her that had just been delivered, along with the rest of the Groves correspondence. 
“OOOH!” she squealed, embroidery cast aside and forgotten, as she began to open the parcel excitedly. 
Bernard lent in the doorway, arms crossed, and watched her in amusement. 
Ellie certainly had brightened up the rather sombre and sober servant’s quarters since her arrival! The younger servants had always a tendency to rowdiness after the business of the day (or night) had been done, but never before had a servant on a higher standing been so young and full of life as the little Welsh girl. She was both liked and respected by the entire household.
Mrs Hamming had taken her somewhat under her maternal wing and was often seen mothering her, though Ellie was always grateful for people doing things for her, she never took it for granted, and she didn’t give herself airs. Hence, she was popular with all the servants, from the scullery maid (also from Wales, so they would sometimes chatter in Welsh to each other), to the top lofty parlour maids. 
She was sweet and pretty too; the stable hands and farm workers could often be seen talking to her while they had a cup of tea in the kitchens. 
She did work hard. Heather was always exquisitely dressed, her clothes immaculate, and her hair was always clean and glossy. Ellie put a lot of thought into getting Heather all made up nicely! 
Bernard grinned as she pulled out a number of fashionable journals, and his presence forgotten, began to flick through them with pleasure.
“I expect i should leave you to get on with it,” he said to her. 
She looked up, startled. 
“You're still here!” she exclaimed. “I'm sorry, I was a thousand miles away!” 
“At least in Paris,” agreed Bernard, seeing the French writing on a number of the journals. 
“Ohhh, to visit Paris, that would be wonderful!” sighed Ellie. 
“Perhaps Miss Leithbridge will travel the continent, and take you along one day.” 
“Now that is an idea to get her thinking about!” she said. “And I’m going to start her thinking that right away!”
With that, she scooped up some of the journals, gave Bernard a beaming smile, and whisked herself away.
Ellie found Heather in the study. 
Heather was idly flicking through an illustrated book on roses. 
“I’ve just had these sent up from London,” said Ellie, entering the room and putting the fashionable journals before Heather. 
Heathers face lit up. 
“My goodness, that's timely, I wanted a break from garden information!” exclaimed Heather. 
She motioned for Ellie to come and join her, and together the girls flicked through the journals for some time, commenting here and there on certain fashions or hair styles. 
“Do you think I should change mine?” Heather asked Ellie. 
Ellie considered her employer's glowing locks. 
“Perhaps...we could do something a little different the next time you go visiting,” she said, and pointed out a few variations in styles that she's noticed earlier in the book. 
“Ellie,” Heather said, tapping her pen against her teeth, “Could you do me a favour, please?”
“Of course!” said Ellie, bobbing her head slightly. 
She had never done that in London, other than the mock serious curtsey she used to give Mrs Masham. Of course, Mrs Masham had never noticed that Ellie had never taken her very seriously. She would have been horrified if she had known how all the servants had despised her and had said Yes Madam and No Madam with barely concealed contempt. 
However, since Ellie had been at The Groves, she had noticed the polite way that the servants bobbed their heads at Heather. Of course, Mrs Hamming had known Heather’s parents, and Bernard was an estate child, and they respected Heather as the true mistress of the house. So Ellie had picked up the head bob, which Heather now acknowledged with a slightly pained face.
“Humph!” she said, raising an eyebrow at Ellie, who grinned and ‘bobbed’ again. 
“If you don’t stop doing that to me I’ll do it to you,” Heather told her. Both women laughed.
“Could you possibly go and find Peter for me, or get someone to ask him to see me? I need to prepare a list of plants to remake the wild flower and medicinal herb garden” she continued, looking at a yellowed paper in front of her. 
“Oh Ellie, this house is full of the most marvellous things!” She looked up and grinned. “Something new each day! So different to London!”
“I’ll go and find him at once,” promised Ellie. She smiled back at her mistress, and walked rapidly towards the kitchen. 
How happy she was these days! Both girls had become much healthier since leaving London. In part, this was due to sleeping better, doing more, and party due to eating fresher food, well prepared country cooking.
Ellie’s small, round, Welsh face seemed merely to get rosier and merrier, but Heather’s slightly gaunt and thin face had filled out to a slight plumpness, her soft creamy skin glowed with health.
Ellie caught her hat from the peg near the back door as she left the house. Bernard was in the courtyard, supposedly brushing Manfred’s tall black boots, but actually merely holding them in an attitude of work, and was instead watching a duck waddling around with her ducklings.
The ducks were snapping at insects and popping in and out of the shallow pond with little quacks and splashes, and Bernard had become very distracted by them. They were certainly very sweet (the kitchen cat was also pretending not to watch them from just inside the kitchen window).
He waved at Ellie, and pretended to get back to his brushing, but she giggled, and shook her head at him before going off in search of Peter. He smiled his brief, bright smile at her, and snorted with laughter as a ducking fell off a small rock with a ‘plop!’ into the pond, splashing his mother who turned and scolded him.
Yes, things were definitely good at The Groves, decided Ellie, crunching along the gravel. She knew where to find Peter, and that was in or around the orangery. She made her way past overgrown grass and sedge, her skirts stirring up insects into a bustling hum of indignation. They swirled briefly as she shooed them away from her face, humming a happy tune as she walked.
Ellie rather liked Peter. 
He often wandered into the kitchen while she was popping down to pick up something for Heather (strawberries for a face lotion, oil for a hand cream). She had been made aware of the story of history of The Groves by now. She knew that Peter was the son of a hired servant and a lady, and had the admirable qualities of both. He did not feel ill at ease in the company of either the upper or lower-stairs servants living in the house, adapting his manners to fit either group, a talent that left people somewhat bewildered, though they found themselves unable to dislike him. 
Ellie had also heard of his love affairs with a few of the ladies in the village, and had even met one of the girls (who worked for the seamstress that Heather’s clothes had been sent from). The girl Jess was full of enthusiasm for Peter, calling him a “Right gentleman, but with none of that snobbishness”, and had quite happily explained to Ellie how Peter had behaved well.
The walks and flirting had ended when Jess had a nibble of interest from the Baker, whom she was now betrothed to. 
“A lot of fun, Peter was,” she gossiped to the entranced Ellie, waggling a pair of scissors at her as she busily snipped thread and fabric, “And he’s growing me some special roses for my wedding, to put in my hair and carry as a bouquet. Pink! Fancy that!” 
This was the sort of man Ellie wanted for her mistress. Someone genuinely friendly who everyone spoke well of.
She found Peter hefting bales of straw from his barrow onto the ground. Ellie grinned, thinking how different the practice of growing roses was to that of wearing them in one’s hair when one got married.
Both were accompanied by strong smells, that was true; though she preferred the rose smell to the soil smell!
Peter looked up when Ellie approached, and wiped a hand over his face, which smeared the dirt in a long streak across his nose.
“Good morning, Miss Ellie,” he greeted her.
“Good morning, Mr Conner,” said Ellie, stopping before him. “What are you doing with that straw?”
“Ahh, this is no ordinary straw,” said Peter, kicking one of bales with his booted foot. Small motes of chaff exploded from it and settled again against the top of his muddy feet, coating them in golden dust.
“It looks like ordinary straw,” said Ellie, peering closer at it.
“It’s lucerne straw, full of goodness for the plants.” He wiped his golden boot with a swipe of his hand.
“I’m going to cover the soil inside the greenhouse with it. Not only does it hold the water, it gives of lots of nutrients to the plants.”
He frowned at the straw with the concentrated, pleased look he tended to get when he was doing something with growing things. His lip twitched slightly as figured on how many more bales he needed.
“Miss Leithbridge has asked me to give you a message,” said Ellie, bending and picking up a bit of the straw.
It looked like plain straw to her, possibly a little greener in colour than normal, though. She was amused, knowing that in his pleasure at gardening, he’d barely registered her presence.
“Aye, she has?”
“Yes, she’d like to revive the medicinal herb garden, she’s found an old picture of it in one of the records. She’d like to see you when it’s convenient, to order the plants and seeds.”
“My, that takes me back,” reflected Peter, stepping away from the straw and rubbing his dusty fingers together absently. “I’d almost forgotten that there was such a thing. Not that it’s ever been there in my day, of course, but I remember my grandad telling me that when he was a boy, the lady of the house used to make all the remedies for the villagers from herbs from that garden.”
He gave a sudden bark of laughter. 
“They probably tasted terrible! My father used to give me a cough syrup he made with fennel root, and it used to make me ill for days. Used to try not to cough, in case I was given a dose of that syrup. Maybe that was the point!” 
Both Peter and Ellie laughed.
“I’ll have the plants ordered,” he continued. “I’ll see your mistress about the planting when they come in. She likes the old ways, doesn’t she?”
“Oh yes!” said Ellie eagerly. “Miss Heather is so happy about being here, she’s getting a sense of her history now, and is trying to give herself a home. She’s never known her history, of course!”
“Now that I can’t come at,” frowned Peter. “Imagine not knowing who you are! Not meaning she doesn’t’ know her name of course…just not knowing where she came from…oh, you know what I mean! Of course, another way to be is to never forget who you are…like Lord Stanleigh. Then there’s those of us who always get forcibly reminded of what you are, that’s me!” 
He gave an unaffected laugh and Ellie joined in, marvelling at how he did not care about his less-than-noble history. A man who was truly content, that was Mr Peter Conner!
They spoke a little more about the future herb garden. When Ellie left Peter he gave her a cheerful wave and went back to heaving the bales of lucerne straw. He was a lovely man, thought Ellie. How nice it was to be here!
*
Heather left the house, putting on her stout boots and draping a deep purple shawl over her shoulders, and began to walk in the garden with a purposeful tread. She’d and noticed the overgrown tangles of hedges on her first tour of the garden, but paid them little heed. Of course, now she knew this used to be the knot garden. She also had an ambition to restore that garden back to its original glory.
She entered the old herb garden and stood frowning at it. It really was very patchy, the only plants doing well were the lavender and a very woody group of rosemary plants. 
“As you may have noticed, it needs a little care to get going,” said a voice. Heather looked up to see Peter standing on the step, looking down at the garden.
“Herbs don’t take so very long to grow, do they?” she asked.
He stepped down into the garden and pulled at a lavender flower, rubbed it and inhaled it.
“Not really. Mostly it’s just care and attention and pruning, once they are in, they’re done. I can order the plants you are after – although I do know some of the things you may want are grown locally in the village, I can ask them for a few of the rarer plants.”
“That sounds an excellent idea!” Heather smiled at him. “I want to get the distillery going, and make some of the medicines and remedies for the house and the estate. The physicians seem to prescribe sticky salves that cost a lot of money that seem to have nothing more in them than plants you can grow yourself.”
“That is what I have noticed, yes,” Peter agreed. 
They walked around and he pointed out what herbs should be planted; when and where they should go. He admitted he didn’t know as much about this sort of garden as he should, and both agreed to ask around and get tips. 
“I must return to the farm, there is a meeting with the heads of the farms today,” he said reluctantly. “I will see to getting this garden tidied and readied and planted.
“Thank you!” 
Peter took Heathers hand, lightly in both of his, smiled into her face, and left the garden.
Feeling the pressure of his fingers long after he’d dropped her hand, she stood looking at the tangle and mess for a while, mentally planting out what she would put in it. Yes, it would look just fine!
She hummed as she walked back into the house slowly, lingering in the garden, reluctant to return indoors and to desk work. She was spending a bit of time learning from Mrs Hamming how the household should be managed. The ordering of provisions was very different; they provided so much of their own daily needs from the farms. There was more managing what was stored than ordering or fetching regularly from markets.
She entered the library and went over to the table where she had left the papers and touched them briefly, smiling slightly.
There was a knock at the door.
“Enter, I’m not busy!” she called, sitting at the table.
“Did you enjoy your walk?” It was Manfred, leaning in the door with a certain elegance. He was smiling, his full lips curved upwards. She returned the smile and her eyes twinkled at him.
“Yes thank you, very much!' she replied, lowering her eyes to the papers in front of her.
“What are you looking at?” asked Manfred.
“The plans for the knot garden,” said Heather, facing back towards him. “I want it restored as soon as possible.”
“Yes, it is a tragedy that it has become so wild,” said Manfred, nodding. He continued, “I could never divert funds to keep it up, we needed them for the estate.”
She smiled at him.
“Well, I would like to see The Groves restored to its former beauty,” she said.
“There are so many places to begin,” he asked, eyes intent on her face. “The house itself is so badly in need of putting in order.”
“Is there anything wrong with the structure?” she asked. She had not thought of that, only of the general shabbiness of the place.
“No, we managed to fix any problems as they arose, and the house is generally very sound.” 
It was true that he had not scrimped on the maintenance of the house and other buildings. He had always felt it was important to have it in good repair.
“But some of the chimneys in the unused rooms are blocked,” he continued. “And much of the paintwork and hangings are very shabby and worn”.
“Well, I want new window hangings and wallpapers first, and to polish up and shine the furniture that is here,” decided Heather, “Improve the rooms that are used first.”
“There is a warehouse nearby where we could get samples,” said Manfred, watching her. Would she ask for his help?
“Oh, that would be an idea! Could you get some samples sent for me to look at?” cried Heather.
“Certainly!” he said, pleased. “I can take you there, if you would like, and you could select what you’d like from their stores”. 
It was a short step between her asking his help, to asking his opinion. He felt sure he could persuade her to choose what he thought was appropriate. Though he had been noticing how she dressed, and thought she was very stylish, even with the limited means she had been forced to endure up until now.
He looked forward to having the house restored to a state befitting it. Only the most expensive places would do for shopping for upholsteries for The Groves. He’d watched the tenants closely for years, making sure that they had not caused damage, but they had not of course put any effort into restoration or replacing moth-eaten hangings.
They exchanged pleased glances. Heather thought how friendly and charming he was when his face relaxed into the pleasant smile it was showing at the moment. 
“Now, about the Orangery,” he said.
“Oh, yes, I have seen it!” said Heather.
“Then you will agree with me that the time and effort that goes into producing such a small percentage of the estate income could be better spent elsewhere?”
“Better spent?” echoed Heather, surprised.
“Yes, the orangery costs time and men, and produces a small, if very high quality, yield. I suggest we dismantle it, sell off the more expensive plants to commercial hothouses (though you may like to keep some for the conservatory!), and put the resources into building up the farms,” he continued, not noticing the expression on Heather's face.
“But why dismantle it now?” she asked slowly. “It's established, and it still produces profits.” 
He frowned at her.
“My dear, profits aren't everything. The drain on our resources is huge.” 
Heather stood silent for a moment. Then she spoke in a soft but determined voice.
“No, I think would like to keep it on.”
“As you wish,” Manfred bowed, his face serene. Inside he was a little taken aback. So, his cousin was willing to stand against him!
Well, that would make things more interesting! In fact, thought Manfred as he straightened up, looking at her slightly flushed cheeks and resolute face, this makes her much more complicated, much more interesting. 
A challenge to win her, and he’d never backed from a challenge.
“I will see to organising a trip to the warehouses, then,” he spoke pleasantly, watching her face. She composed herself. 
“Thank you,” she replied. He nodded at her and took leave of her.
I need to change my tactics, he thought. I have to charm her, to woo her, to win her. He strode down the passage, smiling slightly to himself and humming a happy tune to himself.
Meanwhile, Heather sat abruptly down and rested her head against her hands. She had so seldom stood up for herself or her opinion – in the days of Isobel, such a thing would have been unheard of!
And yet, she had outright disagreed with Manfred, something she was shocked at doing, and yet he’d been so sweet over it, bowing to her wishes (literally). She was surprised at her daring, and yet really pleased that she had taken another step into independence! 
Chapter Fourteen
With much excitement (silly, really), Heather dressed in a pale green visiting dress, flung her purple shawl over her shoulders, tied on her bonnet and bounded down the stairs to the front door where Manfred was waiting for her. 
He looked the height of elegance in pale grey trousers, shining boots, and a deep green striped coat. A hat was rakishly tilted over one eye and his intense blue eyes shone from the deep shade the brim made on his face.
“You are looking charming,” he told Heather, and held open the carriage door for her, lightly holding her hand as she sprang into it. Ellie, who was accompanying them into town to visit the warehouse shops, was also handed into the carriage, and sat opposite her mistress, allowing Manfred to settle next to Heather. He latched the door shut and they moved off.
There was silence for a moment as they all watched The Groves diminish.
Heather was conscious of how near Manfred’s knee was to hers in the narrow carriage, and didn’t know what to say. She felt her cheeks getting hot.
Manfred broke the silence by telling her the warehouses they were going to. They would be looking at furnishing, wallpaper, and fabric, in order that she could choose something to re-cover the chairs, renew hangings, put up new wallpaper, and furnish the rooms that were sparse in pieces. Heather found she could chat happily on this topic and not find it embarrassing. She was becoming so proud of her heritage and inheritance, and Manfred obviously encouraged this.
She had already decided to keep most of the furniture in the house – she rather liked the solid massive pieces from her family’s past! She also liked the items that had come out of storage – vases, urns, plates, etc. But she could defiantly add items of her own taste, that would modernise the house; particularly her own room and the library. Heather loved working in that room but it was decidedly masculine. She wanted a more comfortable chair, at the very least! 
At the warehouses, Heather and Ellie bent their faces over the books, holding up snippets of fabric and upholstery, against swatches of paint, trying to decide on colours and patterns. Manfred spoke to the shopkeepers who would vanish and bring back extra samples or make suggestions about what would work well together.
Manfred had discovered that he had a taste that had been surprisingly similar to Heather's, and he was relieved to discover that she had not been interested in filling the house with stuffy, suburban patterns and modern furniture. He watched her, amused and impressed as she chose unerringly attractive and interesting combinations and patterns.
He had on a few occasions suggested a shade of paint, or perhaps the smaller print would suit the room better?- to which Heather had responded by agreeing at once.
She has an eye for these things, he had thought. A woman to be proud of if she was your wife. 
It took only a few hours for Heather to decide on the final purchases. 
They ordered the changes, which would cost rather a lot of money – very worth it, Manfred assured her.
“We'll set people to work on it immediately,” said Manfred, who was as good as his word. 
The next day, the house bustled with workmen both from the estate and from the village, preparing surfaces, stripping old papers, and re-varnishing woodwork.
It was an exciting time but not comfortable, as banging and sawing filled the house, as well as the smell of drying paint and lacquer.
However, she enjoyed watching the progress, particularly when the wallpaper in the library had been freshly hung replacing old, scuffed and dirty walls. 
She had chosen a pretty deep green for the library, a red for the sitting room, and light yellow flowers for her own room, all with drapery and rugs and upholstery that matched and showed up the beautiful oak and mahogany furniture. Most of the pictures too, she kept, though she changed a few around to better show them off.
The rooms were transformed, as the upholsterers moved in, ripping down faded and threadbare curtains and replacing them with the luscious swathes of fabric and trimmings that she had decided were suitable.
During that week, Heather often ventured into the garden. The gardens had become a refuge from the house and the workmen, and she’d wandered around, and walked far and long around the property. Sometimes Manfred accompanied her, sometimes Ellie did, and often she went alone, enjoying the ability to just tramp along at her own pace, picking wildflowers, and throwing rocks into the pond and watching the ripples.
She had seen Peter at a distance on a number of occasions, and waved to him, but he was always at work and she had not wanted to disturb him. She was sorry for it, for she felt drawn to him, and hoped that she would bump into him soon. She could not think of a reason to go looking for his company, as the seeds and plants they had ordered had not yet arrived for the knot garden, and she felt shy about approaching him until that happened.
She had not written a letter to Clarence.
She felt bad, not saying anything but she didn’t know what to do - but she was unable to go and see him. She could not travel back to London, not now. Nor did she wish to see him face to face. What could she say to him?
She was sorry, sorry for him and her and their betrothal and all that had been difficult in her childhood. She was sorry that she was developing into a grown woman without her cousin by her side, and even sorry that she did not care. She was feeling the taste of freedom, her first ever, and was sorry because he probably never would.
There was no way to say this to him. 
Maybe when she was settled down a little more, she would contact him and try to explain that she felt it was over, that they could not remain betrothed. A nagging guilt spread through her. 
She would not ever change her mind. 
Perhaps she could give him an allowance, or and independence so that he could remove himself from Isobel, if that's what he wanted. Isobel was more likely to confiscate any money she knew he had, so she would have to find a way to send it to him without Isobel knowing. Goodness, what did that woman do with her money? Horde it under the covers of her bed? She never spent it or got any enjoyment out of the generous allowance she had received for looking after Heather. And Heather had seen only small, grudging amounts spent on her. 
But what was she doing, thinking about Clarence on a day like this? Just wool-gathering, she was, there was no point at all in thinking about Clarence. He was not a part of her new life nor did she really wish him to be. 
“The fact is,” she sternly told herself, “That you wish to break it off with him but you’re too big a coward to do so! So you’d rather not think about it!” She smiled to herself. Well, if she was unwilling to think about it, then she just wouldn’t!
Her life was here now, with the people around her. She looked around, satisfied at the renovations that were being finished in the house. The gardens were taking shape after years of neglect. Roses pruned, lavender planted in great tufts under the bushes, seedlings peeping through the thick layer of old leaves that had been generously applied to the garden beds to give the plants nourishment and moisture.
How strange that the rotten, brackish leaves and clippings could produce the delicate pinks and marigolds!
Well, while there was so much bustle in the house, she would have to spend more time out of doors, and who knew who would meet up with her there. 
Chapter Fifteen
Heather asked Ellie to accompany her to the seamstress, in town. She had ordered fabric from London to be made up into gowns, coats, and other things, and it has arrived. She also wanted some new table and bed linens– she had started on this herself but found she no longer had the time to spend sewing. Mrs Hamming had suggested she engage a maid for general white work, who was expected to arrive soon.
Both girls were pleased at the thought of an outing, and put their bonnets on and climbed into the antiquated carriage.
The trip to the town was not long, and the carriage sat high so that they could see over the hedgerows.
“This is very pretty country,” Heather spoke with her eyes rapt on the undulating, green hills. The air was thick with honey and the scent of the morning dew clung to the hedgerows. 
Small birds flew thither and back, bits of twig held in their beaks, as they prepared their nests. Sort of like what I’m doing at The Groves, thought Heather, amused. Building nests. Now I’m off to get new feathers. She looked down at the dress. It was one of the made-over dresses, and Ellie was correct, she could certainly do with more dresses. She seemed to be needing to constantly change her clothing. Each part of the day had a suitable outfit. So different from London where she wore the same dress every day!
So more dresses, hats, bags, and shawls it needed to be. In such pretty colours, too, she thought, bright blues and yellows and green silk for an evening dress. After all. She’d promised Miss McCubbin a ball at some point, she needed a dress for it. 
She looked over at Ellie. The Welsh girl was wearing a dark blue cloth dress that had seen better days, and carried a small black bag that had been very carefully darned. 
Heather remembered the ensemble from their days in London, and had already decided that Ellie would also need some new dresses.
She told her so now.
“Why, that’s very kind of you!” said Ellie, pink with pleasure. “For I’d be liking some new things but never got around to getting the cloth.”
Heather grinned and pulled out a parcel full of pretty fabrics she’d bought just for Ellie. Ellie turned pink with pleasure as she realised she’d have a number of new dresses, all unexpectedly! Heather was very generous and wanted Ellie to be as happy as her.
“We are both so much happier!” thought Ellie, stroking the green floral cloth in the package on her lap with her finger. Such soft, pretty fabric, so different from the hard wearing wools she’d worn summer and winter while working for Isobel Masham.
“Have you heard from Mrs Masham?” she ventured to ask.
Heather face was a study.
“No,” she said. “I expect I should do write to her, or to Clarence…but I just don’t know what to say! And I don’t want to see either of them.”
“Of course not,” Ellie agreed. 
There was a pause, and Ellie, cursing herself for bringing up such a touch subject, began to talk about the fashion book they had with them, and what Heather was interested in having made up for her.
Her frown clearing, Heather flipped through the pages of the book and they began to discuss fashions in earnest.
Happy, they sat and pointed and considered options in companionable silence as the carriage laboured its way through the rough country lane into the town.
The girls alighted at the home of the seamstress, who was delighted to see both the girls. She suggested a number of dresses. Morning, afternoon, evening, and riding clothes were ordered, as well as a smaller number of dresses for Ellie. Deep russet colours suited Ellie best, and the fabrics Heather had chosen were mostly earthy colours, browns and ambers and deep greens. 
Heather looked best in brighter, bolder colours, and selected pale pinks, deep sky blues, and a clear, sunshine yellow that brought out the twinkle in her blue eyes. They also giggled while trying on a number of gloves, shawls, scarves, ribbons, and other accessories. Heather bought lavishly, spending money on herself without guilt for the first time since she’d come to The Groves. After all…she needed to dress to suit the wonderful job they were doing on the house! 
When they had finished in the drapers and seamstresses shop, they crossed the road to the milliner, where Ellie tried on a cream straw bonnet and a wide sunhat festooned with pale green ribbon, and Heather bought some more bonnets and hats for herself. The milliner, who at first deplored Heather’s lack of ornamentation, quickly commended her choices.
She quickly realised that to have Heather wear the stylish, plain bonnets would be very good for business. Heather’s deep blue eyes peering from within the brim of a very tasteful bonnet, would recommend her hats as those that gave an air of distinction. 
Heather did however buy one elaborate, frilled bonnet with a garland of deep pink silk roses at each ear.
“I’ll wear it with a very plain dress,” she said, “And it will look good as the only decoration.” 
The last stop of the morning was at the jewellers. With some hesitation at spending so much money, Heather bough a little amethyst brooch in the shape of a small posy of violets, and a little silver bow brooch. Then, when Ellie was over looking at something else, she bought a little silver chain with a single pearl drop pendant on it.
Ellie wandered back and the girls got ready to go.
“I feel positively WICKED!” she confided to Ellie, who immediately agreed that her mistress was terrible, and didn’t she think she ought to buy that lovely garnet set for herself, it would go so well with the green ball gown? 
“Well, since I’m being so wicked, I will!” declared Heather. “And here,” she continued, pulling the silver and pearl necklace out, and handing it to Ellie. “This is for you.”
“For me??” cried Ellie in delight as she accepted the gift. Heather fastened it around her neck and it hung prettily against Ellie’s neck.
“Thank you so much!” she said, stunned and delighted.
Heather smiled at her. “I don’t know where I would have been without you,” she said. “you’ve been my best friend for years. So…just take that as a thank you!!!”
The girls embraced, and parcel laden, they climbed back into the carriage and talked excitedly all the way back to The Groves.
“That’s a very nice brooch you have there,” said Manfred, as he walked past Heather in the hallway. 
She had pinned the amethyst brooch to her collar. She was wearing a silk dress of clear blue with a thin mauve stripe woven into it. 
“Thank you,” she said to Manfred, pleased that he had noticed.
“It’s new, I see,” Manfred continued. “You’re taste in jewellery and clothes is most excellent, Heather. You do much credit to your ancestry. It’s a pity that very little of the family jewellery has survived.”
“Is there family jewellery?” asked Heather, surprised. Manfred smiled down at her.
“Of course…of course, it’s part of your inheritance…I’m surprised at myself for forgetting to tell you! Here, come this way, I can get some of it out for you. The rest of it is kept in the vault at the bank. I will have it sent for.”
He led her to a small study that was traditionally the overseers room, that he had moved back into now that Heather had occupied the library. He walked over to a picture that hung out of the way in an obscure corner.
He lifted it carefully from the wall. Bright streamers of cobweb briefly flared in the light streaming from the window as he removed the dusty frame. Motes of dust swirled around his face. 
He coughed slightly.
“Servants should dust more in here I see,” he said grimly, laying the portrait against the dirty wall.
Where the picture had hung, the wall had not faded in colour, and a faint, frame shaped shadow lay imprinted on the wall. In the middle of this, however, was the door to a small safe.
Heather watched while Manfred laid his fingers on the small dial and carefully spun it carefully a number of times. It sprang open with a loud ‘click!” and she could see the contents.
A few small, leather cases and bags were neatly stacked next to a pile of what looked like coins. Over these lay a number of rolled and flat papers, which were full of writing and signatures.
Manfred carefully lifted these out and laid them on the table. Wills, deeds. A letter tied in red ribbon ‘to my love’ (“A love letter from one of your ancestors” said Manfred, dismissing it with a little wave. “I don’t even know why it’s still here.”).
He took out a small leather case and one of the bags, and put the papers back into the safe, before snapping it shut and carefully replacing the picture.
He smiled at Heather.
“Didn’t know it was there, did you?” he said. “Here are your jewels. You might recognise some of them from their pretty pictures in the gallery.”
He watched, amused while Heather opened the box. In it were a number of smaller jewellery cases..
A necklace was in the largest case, diamond flowers, delicate and twinkling. Heather caught her breath at is sparkling beauty.
The next box contained a cabochon emerald, set in gold, on a pearl band.
The necklace worn by the woman in the portrait in the gallery.
The bags revealed pearl and ruby earrings, a broach of a ruby set into the abdomen of a golden bee, a thin rope of pearls (to be worn in the hair), a short, day pearl necklace and another double, magnificent strand of evening pearls, gleaming and cream in their brown leather case.
She also found two rings, one a sapphire set with diamonds, the other plain gold wedding band. 
“You’re mother’s wedding ring,” said Manfred. “It was sent to us to keep for you when you became old enough.” His voice seemed oddly flattened as he spoke.
He was thinking about all the jewellery that did not come as part of the house that his parents had gambled away or sold to pay more pressing debts. His lip curled slightly. If only the house had come to him, he would have cherished it and loved it, and cared for the portraits and jewellery with such care. Instead the house and money went to the female line, and he was left with the name only, and a mountain of debts his parents never paid and he could not pay. 
He sighed briefly, so softly that Heather did not notice. Still, what sort of life had Heather had until now? The inheritor to the estate did not speak much of her life in London, but he saw her constraints, the way she dressed plainly compared to other women of her station, preferring colour to trimming. It did suit her, but spoke of a lifetime of enforced austerity. He watched while Heather slipped the gold wedding band on her middle finger, and stared briefly at the gleaming circlet. To see Heather decked out in the jewels of her ancestors; what a pleasant picture to contemplate!
“You should wear these,” he said slowly, “They were made to be worn. And I think they will have found someone worthy to wear them.”
Heather looked up into his face and they both smiled at each as the dust modes swirled around their faces in the sunlight. 
Chapter Sixteen
Happily singing to herself, Heather was busy putting some roses she had just cut into vases. She thought she’d like one of the vases by her bed, where the deep, sweet smell would scent her dreams. 
She’d been having good dreams since she’d moved to the country. All the fresh air, fresh food, walking, and sun, it was doing her a world of good. 
She finished putting the roses in the vase and took them upstairs, one in each hand. Humming away, she nodded at one of the housemaids who were dusting the picture frames. She stood for a moment in front of the picture of her great grandmother and smiled at her. She now felt at home here. The house was bright and clean and shining.
All the furniture was looked after and rubbed down regularly with wax, fresh flowers in every room, and even the servants looked cheerful and happy to be here. She guessed she was not a very demanding or difficult lady of the house – she’d surprised Mrs Hamming by her ability to run a house. She had left most of it to Mrs Hamming, who was after all the housekeeper, but they spoke often about concerns and needs. Ellie had told her the other servants were stunned when they learnt that she put her own shoes and hats away, despite being a lady.
Well, she’d never been brought up pampered. She stopped at doing her own cleaning. She liked being able to walk into her room and find the carpets swept and the bed made and the linen regularly changed and aired without doing it herself.
Luxury! So it didn’t worry her to hang her shawl herself in the cupboard; no extra effort for her and it contributed to the neat-as-a-pin feeling she liked to keep her room in. 
She put one vase of flowers on the dressing table and one on the small table next to her bed. She’d kept the original antique furnishings in her bedroom. They might seem old fashioned, but she loved the furniture that she’d found stored in the attic. This was generations of her family’s choices of furniture, her grandparents and possibly their grandparents had opened the chest, feeling the thick grain of the oak, maybe sometimes running their fingers along the regular carving at the edge of the bed head.
There. 
Done. 
Now what could she do today? She seemed to spend a few hours each day on estate and housekeeping (checking with Bernard or Mrs Hamming on staff matters, or with Manfred or Peter on garden or estate matters). The rest of the day, be it morning or afternoon, she could choose to walk, go visiting, be visited by local families, or receive visitors. She could go for a walk, or spend the entire day sitting in the garden reading a book if she chose.
She smiled. Luxury indeed! 
How different her life was to when she was living in London!
Though…there were some matters that probably needed her personal attention at the solicitor’s office. She should maybe organise a trip to London to see them – or organise one of them to come to her.
Though the idea of traveling to London was quite exciting in itself. 
This time she could stay at an hotel with Ellie, and see the sights. Take time to walk through the parks and museums, have tea by the serpentine, and feed the ducks. And do some more clothes and furniture shopping…the thought was very appealing.
She wandered down the staircase, lost in thought, and went into the study. The mail had arrived and was on a small pile by her desk. She started sorting through it into piles that were bills, business, and invitations. As she shuffled through the letters she found herself holding one which seemed to be in a very familiar paper.
And the handwriting was Clarence’s. And the return address was Isobel’s house in London.
Good lord, Clarence…. 
That uneasy feeling she’d felt ever since fleeing London, that she’s avoided thinking about. She did have to do something there. Her new life here had no place in it for him. She found herself feeling sick at the thought of having to ever see Isobel again, and because of that, Clarence. 
She picked up the letter opener with a trembling hand and sliced through the thick envelope. She pulled out the letter from the envelope, it was covered in Clarence’s neat writing.
She pushed it back into the envelope and put it into her pocket. “I’ll read it later,” she told herself. She picked up the next letter and stared at that for a bit and realised she was being a bit silly.
“Oh well, better now than later, get it over with,” she told herself sternly. She sat down, took out Clarence’s letter, and began to read it.
It wasn’t a long letter. It stated the basic facts that Clarence was sorry he’d missed her, had deliberately let her have some time to herself to get to grips with her new situation, and that he was very sorry for what his mother had done.
But that now she’s had this time and he was surprised by the fact he’d received no letters from her, and had thus chosen to write to her instead. Perhaps she didn’t want to send a letter via her aunts, as letters had been known to go astray. 
The final paragraph of the letter asked for a meeting.
“I would love to come and visit you at your estate,” he wrote, “Or you could come up to London. We need to talk about our future and discuss plans”.
Plans? Their future? 
Heather realised with a thudding heart, that since the arrival at the groves, all her thoughts of any sort of future with Clarence, were totally gone – but there was no way Clarence would know that. She had sort of hoped he would just…go away. She had no future plans to discuss with Clarence! Her future lay elsewhere – as yet that was undecided who she wanted by her side. She could see herself surrounded by a large family, with children, and lots of noise and bustle, and cricket games in the garden…all here at the Groves. The face next to her at the breakfast table would never be Clarence.
But, she supposed, she needed to tell Clarence this! He’d been waiting for her to get over her upset and back to him. Of course the reason she’d not said anything to him was because she knew she’d have to break their betrothal – and she didn’t feel like doing it. 
Could she do it over a letter? 
*
“Dear Clarence,
Sorry, I was going to tell you, I’m not about to marry you. I will never marry you and I hope you are not too angry with me.
Love Heather”
*
No. it couldn’t be over a letter. She’d have to tell him to his face. But to agree to meet him; how could she allow him to think she was going to discuss their wedding date, and then break it off?
She folded and then unfolded the letter again. She read it again. Hmmmm. This was tricky, and any way, the outcome would not be good.
Then Heather made her decision.
“If I don’t answer it,”, she thought “ he might just understand I don’t want to. I can’t answer it. If I can think of how to say it, I will, but right now…no. I’ll leave it and get back to it when I know what I need to say!”
She put the letter in the back of her drawer, and swallowed back a feeling that she wasn’t doing the right thing. Then she picked up the next letters - and managed to force herself to forget Clarence’s letter.
It lay in the drawer unanswered.
*
She decided to go and look again in the attics, something she’d done a few times, but there was much more to do and sort. Heather found herself sitting on an extremely uncomfortable old rotted leather chair in one of the attic rooms, going through a number of old chests of clothing and items. Seeing the jewellery and the accounts had gotten her blood burning to discover as much about her past as possible.
She was looking through a pile of old, stiff fabrics, discoloured but magnificent, when she was startled by a voice.
“Are you enjoying yourself there?” asked a good natured, lazy voice from the doorway. 
Heather jumped slightly, then looked up and saw Peter leaning against the door frame, arms crossed in front of him as he watched her with slight smile on his face.
“Why, yes, I am!” she said, waving a piece of fabric at him. “Look at this, I think it’s cloth of gold! This has to be 300 years old!” 
Peter stepped towards her, avoiding stacked papers and boxes, and took the fabric.
“I do believe it’s a sleeve,” he said, looking down at it. 
“How do you know that!” exclaimed Heather, considering the oddly shaped, glinting thing in Peters hand.
“You should recognise the pattern…from the picture…in the gallery? One of the ancestors was painted in this,” continued Peter. “Don’t you see…it’s a pomegranate pattern.” His finger traced the round shape, and rested on the stylised seeds.
“That’s amazing!” breathed Heather. 
She flicked a look up at him and felt her breath quicken as she caught his eye. She looked down again at the fabric, marvelling that such a thing would have stayed in this trunk, for 300 years, while the portrait of the man who first wore it (Henry Stanleigh, she rather thought) was still hanging downstairs.
“A bit overwhelming, all this family history,” said Peter, seemingly reading her mind.
“It’s odd,” she agreed, “but I like it. I’ve never felt welcome anywhere or wanted anywhere, this is like a dream come true!”
“Dreams…can be marvellous things,” said Peter, looking down at the sleeve. He gave himself a little shake and looked a Heather ruefully.
“Enjoy them while they last,” he said softly. He reached out and touched her cheek lightly, then turned and left the room, leaving Heather to raise a hand to her own cheek, touching her own cheek… 
Chapter Seventeen
The library was a lovely place to sit on a bright afternoon. The light streamed in through the velvet draped windows, the curtains pulled back as far as possible. A bee buzzed in, circled the flowers on the desk, and buzzed out again. 
Heather was attempting to do some household accounts. The amount of food the servants ate was astonishing! Having come from Isobel’s penny pinching ways, she hoped the servants understood how well fed and clothed and paid they were at The Groves. She did not grudge it but it was such a contrast with her London penny-pinching. They seemed happy, at least. She’d have to ask Ellie if there were any issues anyone had that she could deal with. 
Manfred would often pop in when he could and give her an update on what was going on with the estate. She was deferring to his judgment at this point – he would come in and say 
“We are sending green peas to the market, we expect to make a good profit,” and she’d say “Oh! Excellent!”
Or he’d tell her they needed new tools, or had hired a new man to work on the estate. She trusted his judgment in this; he’d been doing it for a long time. And based on the accounts, The Groves estate did more than earn its keep.
Peter would also drop in and talk to her regularly. He’d often bring a flower or bud or bouquet of flowers for her. The flowers on the library desk that the bee had just spurned were a collection of wildflowers and grassed he’d dropped by recently. They were very pretty and also different from the flowers in the rest of the house, which were beautiful but more formally arranged. 
She was enjoying talking to Peter. He had a mischievous sense of humour and could mimic various household staff and estate and village people. His impression of Bernard the butler had left her in tears of laughter, made all the more funny by Bernard himself arriving to inform her she’d had visitors.
She seemed to have a stream of visitors these days. Since she started returning calls with the neighbours, it seemed that everyone was interested in having a look at her, and also the changes she’d made to The Groves. Often Manfred popped in to drink tea with them, sometimes he stayed away even if she knew he was around the house or in the overseer’s office – she suspected he only came to tea with those villagers he actually liked.
Once, when the vicar and his daughter turned up for tea, it had coincided with one of Peter’s visits, and the four of them had taken tea together. It had been a merry party. The Vicar was a strange, funny, man, given to dropping crumbs on his lap. Heather had attended his church service after her first week, a dear little building in the village. She had met many people who stared at her curiously. She had begun to receive invitations to dinners and events. 
The bee was back, this time it landed and wandered around the bouquet, looking for the flower that would offer it the pollen it wanted.
Heather smiled and watched it for a bit, as it wandered from flower to flower, trying to sort them out.
It occurred to her that she and the bee had something in common. She didn’t know what she wanted either. 
It wasn’t often she thought about her position. But really, she was attracted to two very different, very attractive men, who both seemed to find her equally attractive. She was still, technically engaged to a third man, who she liked but didn’t entirely know how to end it. 
She needed to work herself out and figure out what she wanted – but this changed from moment to moment.
“The ancients had it right”, she told the bee, thinking it would be much easier to choose a number of husbands! That way her fickle mind wouldn’t have to make a choice between on and the other!
The bee didn’t answer and eventually took off again, this time flying around the library.
“I don’t think you’ll like the books I have to offer”, she said to it and smiled as it took off out the window, for all the world as if it had heard her speaking. 
There was a rolling, crunching noise from outside. A carriage had arrived, a visitor perhaps? Her most common visitors, Manfred and Peter, rode everywhere, or walked. A carriage at the front of the house (she heard the bell) meant someone had come to visit. Well, her mind had been wandering anyway, so she smoothed her hair and fluffed the lace on her wrists, as Bernard came in and presented her the salver with the visiting cards on it. 
“The McCubbins are here, Ma’am, I’ve shown them to the drawing room”.
“Thank you Bernard, can you tell Mrs Hamming to order refreshments, please,” replied Heather, who swept out of the library and made her way to the drawing room. 
On entering the drawing room, Heather found Mrs McCubbin seated on the new striped sofa, Miss McCubbin at the window looking out, and a young man she’d never met before standing near Mrs Miss McCubbin and speaking to his sister.
His features showed that he was likely to be one of the numerous male offspring of the McCubbin. His hair was as red as his sisters; he had a pleasant face and a charming smile. 
“May I introduce my brother, Philip?” Miss McCubbin said. Phil took Heathers hand and bent over it.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” he said. “And I am very impressed by the changes I’ve seen to the house so far!”
“Do you know the house well?” asked Heather, seating herself. He sat next to her and smiled.
“Why yes, I used to ride over and visit Manfred rather often, we were at school together, so during the holidays I got to know the estate well! Though of course, I know the fields and ponds better than the house, as the house was tenanted…but we used to sneak into the orangey and steal fruit!”
“Philip!” exclaimed Mrs McCubbin, “You should be ashamed to admit such a thing! I never knew that is what you got up to; you said you were fishing in the stream!”
“Well, we did do a bit of fishing…fishing for oranges!” smiled Philip, reminiscing.
Heather laughed. 
“May I offer you an orange ? For old time’s sake,” she teased.
Philip chucked. 
“Oh, I’m much more interested in the fishing these days…though Manfred is often a bit too busy to join me. I’ve met up with Peter a few times recently, we cast off together fairly often”.
“Do you catch many fish?” asked Heather. 
“Not a lot, there are trout hiding in the stream, but they are crafty, they are cleverer than me,” admitted Philip.
“But they are delicious when you do catch them,” interpolated Mrs McCubbin, ‘we had a dressed trout a few weeks ago, delicious!’
She turned to Heather. 
“Next time you must come and share it with us, we will send you an invitation, mind, it will be short notice as it has to be eaten while it is still very fresh!”
“I’d be delighted,” said Heather. She glanced at Miss McCubbin, whose had not contributed much to the conversation.
“Are you fond of fish too?” she asked her.
“Oh, I’m afraid I prefer sitting in the garden and watching the goldfish in the kitchen pond to catching them,” Miss McCubbin said. “Though I did go fishing a few times with my brother and Mr Stanleigh – I found the whole experience a little dull! You just sit there and nothing much happens! And more often than not, you leave with no fish at all, and you’ve been sunburned and wet from hauling in the line!”
“That’s the entire point of the exercise, to do nothing at all,” argued her brother. “You get out there, cast your line, and then…well. Do nothing. It’s very relaxing, you can clear your mind of all thoughts and just do…nothing!”
“You do that anywhere you go!” teased Miss McCubbin. 
They all laughed, Philip happy to be the butt of a joke, agreed he preferred doing very little to doing much thinking during the day.
There was a tap at the door, and one of the servants wheeled in a tea table, laden with food and tea and cordials. 
“I say, jolly good!” exclaimed Philip, who seemed to have as much appreciation for sandwiches as he did for trout fishing. 
“May I join you? I apologize that I’m not dressed for company, but I only dropped in and would appreciate a cup of tea…” 
Manfred stood at the door. He was wearing well cut, close fitting brown riding jacket and boots. His hair was windswept, he clearly gave the impression of someone who had been out on the estate.
“I say, Manfred, come on in!” cried Phil. “No ceremony between friends, here, have one of these ham sandwiches, they’re delicious!”
Manfred entered the room. He bowed to Mrs McCubbin, and murmured a greeting at Miss McCubbin, who flushed a deep red and looked at her hands.
“Have you been working on the estate?” asked Heather, pouring more tea.
“Yes, I have some things to go over with you later…thank you, a cup of tea is exactly what I was wanting.”
He sipped his tea, and took a sandwich. Heather noticed he sat on the further side of the room from Miss McCubbin, and did not speak to her. 
She looked around, wondering how to break the glowing silence, and caught Mrs McCubbin’s eye. That lady had a great deal of understanding, and, Heather thought, sadness in her look. They exchanged a long look, broken by Heather, who glanced at Miss McCubbin, and then at her brother. Philip had been regarding his sister steadily but when Heather looked at him he gazed directly at her. 
His face was expressionless; less so his eyes. They shared a brief, understanding look at each other, then she looked away, down at the plate that had held the ham sandwiches. 
They all know, she thought. They know that Manfred and Miss McCubbin have had some sort of understanding, and now they don’t, and it’s uncomfortable, and I have a terrible feeling it’s my fault.
Manfred sipped at his tea. The sipping noise was loud in the silent room, he seemed to understand everyone had stopped talking and there was a charged feeling in the air. He and Miss McCubbin had both stared at their cups or hands during this exchange, and had missed the lightening flash of looks between the others in the room.
He looked around, puzzled, and raised an eyebrow at Heather. He opened his mouth to speak but then there was a cough at the door
“Reverend and Mrs Bigsby have arrived.” 
It was Bernard, caring the silver card tray, which he came and presented to Heather.
“Thank you Bernard, please show them in, and bring a fresh pot of tea,” said Heather.
She was very relieved.
She liked the Vicar and his wife, Louisa. And it would ease the current tense situation in the room!
The Vicar and his wife (the vixen? Heather wondered, amused), entered the room. After fresh pots of tea, more cakes and sandwiches, and the village gossip had all been thoroughly discussed, Heather suggested going for a walk to view the gardens.
“I have been having them restored,” she said.
“What an excellent idea!” cried Philip enthusiastically. “Can I have a peep in the orangey too? It’s been years since I saw in there!”
There was a bustle as the ladies arranged bonnets and shawls, and then they all made their way to the rose garden.
“How very beautiful your gardens are, Miss Stanleigh,” said the Reverend Bigsby, leaning over a sniffing a rose. Heather reached out and picked a deep red one, and handed it to him. He looked very pleased, and put it in his buttonhole. 
“Don’t I look dapper!” he congratulated himself, beaming around at them, as they laughed at him. Almost immediately, a bee headed straight for the rose and busily collected pollen before lighting off.
“Well, that was only to be expected!” said Mrs Bigsby. “You organise all the charities in the area, and now even the bees know they can get a meal from you!”
Heather laughed, and led the way to the orangey. With burst of enthusiasm, Mr McCubbin made a dash for the door, only to collide with Peter, who was just coming out of it. 
Both men cried “OUCH!” as their heads smacked into each other.
“You never change,” groaned Peter, rubbing his head and staggering theatrically against the wall. He righted himself, and grinned over at Heather. 
“I suppose you’ve not heard the story about how Phil here broke my arm when we were boys?”
“No!” cried Heather. “Why Mr McCubbin! Didn’t you like my cousin?”
“Oh, it wasn’t a fight,” protested Philip, “We were climbing a pear tree…”
“Stealing pears,” interjected Peter.
“Well, maybe taking a few,” conceded Philip, touching his forehead and wincing. “Do you think I’ll have a bump, mama?” He pointed at the sore spot on his head.
“No, you’ll be fine,” Mrs McCubbin said, “And don’t change the subject! He pushed Peter out of the tree, you know,” she said, turning to Heather.
“But why?” 
“Well, we were both reaching for a really nice, sweet looking pear,” said Peter. “So of course, there was a bit of shoving, and I ended up on the ground with my arm pointing a direction that arms are not supposed to go in.”
“That was a very nice pear, too,” reminisced Philip. “Full of juice”
“Don’t tell me you ate the pear with your friend injured on the ground!” cried Heather, aghast.
“Oh, no. no. Well, yes. But I ran to get help, and THEN I ate the pear,” grinned Philip.
“And I spent the next few months with my arm in plaster…I couldn’t ride, or brush my hair properly,” mused Peter.
“Or eat pears two-handed,” Heather murmured, and startled a laugh from Miss McCubbin.
“What’s your excuse for your hair now, then?” muttered Manfred softly.
Heather turned and looked at him. He flushed and looked away, obviously his comment was not supposed to have come out that loudly.
He was standing off to the side of the orangey, frowning darkly, glaring at Peter and Philip.
Heather looked back at Peter. Well, yes, his hair was tousled, dishelmed even. He was wearing his normal working shirt and breeches, with a leather waistcoat over that, and his hair had been obviously pushed back with his fingers.
In stark contrast were Manfred and Philip. Manfred was impeccably groomed, as usual. Any windswept look in his hair had been deliberately put there. Philip was slightly more casually dressed, but still neat as a pin, compared to Peter. 
If you rated yourself against how people were dressed, Peter certainly would rate as the lowest in the little group. But he stood casually with them, acting as an equal, as in fact he was an equal. 
He did this work not because he had to but because he wanted to. Heather realised that the trappings of the lord of the manner, and the outward show of wealth, just didn’t matter to Peter. She looked down at her own dress – a yellow striped afternoon gown, and realised how far she’d come from her days in London. And yet, how she was really the same person. She’d worn cast off or handmade clothing for so long – she knew it was the person inside that mattered and not how you dressed.
She wondered if she’d be a different person if she’d grown up privileged, having never been a ‘poor’ relative, in need of want, and having to do another’s bidding.
What a different life she’d have led!
Almost involuntarily, she glanced over at Miss McCubbin. She’d had that sort of life – daughter to wealthy parents, many brothers and sisters. How different were they really?
She noticed Miss McCubbin glace at Manfred, and look away again, staring into the orangey, which Peter was now leading people towards.
He was entertaining her guests, rather well too. She could hear Mr McCubbin’s loud exclamations of “Do you remember!” directed at both Manfred and Peter, and the Vicar chucking over some plant he didn’t expect to see. 
Mrs Bigsby and Mrs McCubbin were chattering, with Miss McCubbin interjecting a comment every now and then. 
Heather stayed outside and listened to the chatter, filtering through the plants to the door. She was suddenly tired of all this emotion. Everyone seemed to have a subtext, something they were looking to get or wanting from someone else, she felt weary keeping up with it all.
There was a slight noise at the door, and she looked up to see Peter standing there, watching her.
“Are you feeling quite well?” he asked, looking concerned.
“Yes, thank you, only I find myself suddenly…overwhelmed…with…well, I’m not sure,” confessed Heather.
“Ah, too many people, you are thinking of being alone for a bit?’ suggested Peter.
“That’s it exactly!” she exclaimed. “It’s not that I don’t like visitors, I do. But…”
“Too many people, too many raw feelings?” suggested Peter, his eyebrow twitching up.
Heather stared at him. “Honestly, yes. Everything seems to be a repressed drama and I’m not sure what part I play in it.”
“I see you’ve picked up on it – Manfred and Selina McCubbin,” said Peter. She nodded and looked at him.
“Well…no one will probably talk about it to you,” he continued, gesturing to walk away from the door a bit. They wandered over to a stone seat against the wall.
“What has happened?” she asked
“Well, not a lot. But it was generally…understood…that Manfred was courting Selina, this last few years. They have known each other since childhood. But he was definitely dropping in often, partnering her in dances, and the like. It was progressing well. The announcement of their enjoyment was seemingly imminent. And then…nothing.”
“Nothing?”
Peter hesitated slightly. “Well, it all sort of stopped when the letter from the solicitor came.”
“What letter?”
“The one stating that the property was no longer to be held in trust and the inheritor of the estate had reached her majority – you, of course, is who I mean. 
There was speculation as to what that meant – would you come and live here, or continue to let The Groves? The tenants lease was up just before this, it was arranged by the solicitor and Manfred that they would contact you if you hasten contacted anyone from the estate to see what you wanted to do. 
No one knew you, see. 
You might have been a high society lady with no interest in living in the country! I suspect Manfred would have taken on the lease himself, and married Selina, if you’d not come… Then of course, you came to live here, and in that time the talk has very much changed as to who Manfred had been perusing.”
There was a moment of silence.
Heather asked “There’s talk?”
“There’s always talk. You needn’t worry about it, it isn’t directed at you, not directly anyhow…”
“It’s directed at Manfred?”
“Well. Somewhat…” Peter hesitated. “I don’t want to take sides. But there are some things about Manfred that can be very…calculating. Of course, I’m sitting her speaking of such things to you, you might think I’m being calculating and trying to turn you against him!”
Heather waved down than suggestion. “Oh don’t be silly.”
She thought for a minute.
“Well. At least now I know I can trust my eyes, I knew something was going on…that poor girl.”
“…Manfred is very handsome,” said Peter, looking away. His voice was very flat. Heather wondered at it.
“Well, yes, that’s true,” she agreed. 
They say in silence for a bit. The sun was warm on the seat, and the soft murmuring of voices in the background was drowned out by the humming of the insects in the air. 
So she’d been right. And he’d stopped courting Miss McCubbin when she, Heather had arrived. 
But this issue with Manfred and Miss McCubbin – it didn’t sit right. Unless she was merely a dalliance and he didn’t love her. After all, he had never made her an offer. They could have been merely close friends. She knew how people talked. It could all be a misunderstanding – defiantly the Miss McCubbin thought Manfred had been interested, but it could have been mistaken. Perhaps this was why Manfred acted embarrassed around them – he’d heard the talk too and didn’t know how to set it right.
I hope that’s it, she thought a bit wildly.
But she couldn’t convince herself.
She glanced over at Peter, who was watching her, his expression unreadable. She raised her eyebrow at him in question. He shook his head, smiled.
“I think it might be time for you to re-join your guests, or they might wonder at where you’ve been”
He stood, and held his hand out to her. She took it and felt an odd shock as her hand touched his, a thrill of something hard to identify. 
She said resolutely “All right, I must do my hostess duty!” and they walked into the green house together in time to see the vicar accidentally drop a can of water all over his feet. 
Chapter Eighteen
Manfred approached her the next morning at breakfast and asked her if she would like a guided tour about some of the other properties close to the estate, something she had not yet managed to do. 
“I'm sure that we can find a suitable horse for you to ride from the stables,” he said, leaning casually over the back of the sofa, smiling at her. 
“I expect you haven't ridden much? Good, then, we have a very placid mare, who will not try to throw you, or even gallop!” 
“I'd like that,” responded Heather, shyly, looking up at him. She had been nervous around him lately, but he was the perfect gentleman, considerate, kind, always at her side with an explanation when she needed one, never holding back an opinion, but allowing her to speak her mind. To ride with him and meet her remaining tenants would be a good idea, she felt she would like to see the growing crops and the fields, which she had not seen much of. With the growing season advanced, things changed so often in the country.
In very little time, she had donned her new riding habit. It was severely cut, cornflower blue, with deep blue piping and a crisp white collar and cuffs, turned back to reveal her shapely hands, holding her new riding crop. She did not know how to use the crop, and thought with some amusement at her attempts at riding before today.
Few and far between! 
Approaching the little brown mare chosen for her to ride, who had been brushed until she gleamed (it looked very astonished to being so clean), Heather didn't think she would have any problem as long as she didn’t start to gallop.
“Any more placid and she'd be asleep!” she exclaimed, looking at the good-tempered animal with relief.
Manfred laughed. 
“No, I didn't think you'd have any problems with Sorrel. We use her for a number of things on this estate, including teaching the youngsters how to ride a horse!” he replied, swinging himself onto his own impatient black with practiced ease.
Heather looked at him with some appreciation.
“I see your horse took a little more taming,” she said, as the stallion snorted and pawed at the ground, moving restlessly against the arm of the groom who held it. 
“Yes, Crusader is a bit of a handful at times,” said Manfred, wincing slightly as the horse moved restlessly beneath him. 
“However, he'll soon get a little exercise, and he settles quickly. For some, anyway!” He reined his horse in and settled him, while Heather mounted hers with only a few awkward moments.
They spurred their horses and set off, Crusader prancing and chafing, Sorrel plodding placidly along the fine gravel of the well-trodden path. 
Heather stole a glance at Manfred. 
His long, well-shaped legs had never stood out to such advantage, as stretched out in the stirrup. 
He was wearing a deep brown riding coat, caped and unbuttoned, and his buff coloured thighs seemed almost to ripple. His strong, tapering fingers barely touched the reins, and he carried his crop with determination and surety. His deep eyes seemed to echo the sky above, they shone with brilliance, a setting for his well-shaped mouth and white, even teeth. There was a graceful, fluid motion in the way he rode his horse. It surprised Heather, who had always pictured him as an indoors sort of man, so beautifully dressed as he usually was. But now when she thought of him, she felt sure she would think of him as he was now, astride his powerful black horse, at ease and utterly in charge. 
Manfred noticed her silent regard, and was pleased. He knew that he was a magnificent horseman, and settled with ease into the buffed leather saddle. 
She did not look so bad a horsewoman herself, a little unpractised, certainly, but that would change. 
The deep blue of her habit set off her soft, delicate complexion, and it was endearing the way she held onto the horn of her saddle as though she didn't care if she fell or not. He could see that her fingers were white with the strain of holding on, and that her nonchalance was an act to try and reassure him of her prowess in the saddle. Well, she had pride; that was not such a bad thing for the heir to the Stanleigh estate to possess. 
He imagined her how she would look when she was really challenged. Perhaps then, that adorable bow mouth of hers would become a thin line, her eyes would flash. Oh, Heather had passion, a passion completely unawakened! It would be a very fortunate man to wake it, to light the fire from embers beginning to smoulder. She would flare with such heat and strength, it would take a strong arm to quell her and tame that wild streak he’d seen in her on occasion.
He smiled unconsciously, lost in a very pleasant daydream, and she looked at him quizzically. 
“Well?” she said, challengingly, at the same time wobbling a little in the seat of the saddle.
“You're doing very well,” he said, “for someone who has not had the opportunity to ride often.”
“Well, I don't think I'll get much practice on this horse – other than sitting on a horse!” she said, looking at the calm, plodding beast. “I am, however, quite happy for that! I don't want to set off and gallop. Oh, you needn't laugh at me! If the males of the world had to ride side-saddle, they wouldn't be so superior!”
“That's true,” Manfred conceded. “I've only ever ridden side-saddled once, for a joke, and it was I could barely stay sitting upright for more than ten minutes. Very uncomfortable, and very hard to balance!” (And painful, too, he winced at that memory, though he didn't mention this to Heather.)
A sweet-laden scent seemed to hover over the market flower garden, which was set beyond the lawns of the house. Heather could smell roses clearly, and the biting, cinnamon scent of carnations. 
She narrowed her eyes against the sun and looked around. 
To her right were the dappled grounds of the walled orchard, the light green leaves of the apple trees swaying softly in the breeze. She could see the tiny hard green fruits - these would ripen slowly over summer and autumn into the rich red apples, plums, and pears.
Climbing honeysuckle covered the red brick of the orchard walls. Shading her eyes from the sun with her hand, she could see the whitewashed walls of the cottages in front of her. 
A large, red brick house stood aloof from the cottages that would be where Manfred lived, in the surveyor’s house. Heather felt herself blushing slightly, at the thought of Manfred going about his business in his house. Her cheeks were hot in the presence of Manfred on his magnificent horse.
They were passing the hothouses which ran along the side of the market gardens. She could see men moving within them, and hear their laughter and talk carried over to her on the soft breeze. 
“There is nothing in London that compares to this,” she said suddenly, turning to face Manfred. 
He looked down her, understanding in his face.
“In the country, now, that's where things are grown,” he agreed.
“Yes, the growing and harvesting,” mused Heather, frowning at her hands on the reins. 
“But the biggest difference is the way people work. In London, everything was a chore, everything was difficult. There was little laughter, at least where I grew up. None of the servants ever seemed to smile, except when something unpleasant happened, like when Isobel dropped the coffee pot on her lap. We all laughed then…even though we tried to hide it” 
Manfred laughed. “Servants like to laugh when their betters do foolish things,” he said, with a slight edge to his voice.
“What happened to Isobel after she dropped the coffee pot?” His voice was slightly teasing.
“Oh, her dress was spoilt, and she had to put a rug ever after on the bit of floor over where the coffee landed,” said Heather, savouring the memory, “but the point I am trying to make is that here, in The Groves, everyone likes their place, they enjoy doing their job. They laugh. I hear the maids singing and humming as they wash the sheets, I hear singing from the gardens in the morning, when I'm drinking my tea. “
“Look at you, for instance! You move amongst the house and gardens, knowing everything about it, living in that lovely house I see in front of us...and Peter, working as his father did before him. Menial chores are nothing to someone who likes what they're doing. Even me...in London, I looked after accounts, and haggled to save a penny here and there from the bills. Now, In The Groves, I have essentially the same tasks, but I love it. Things are different, certainly...I have an income, and a measure of respect that I never had before, but I still go through the accounts and bills, and figure out what is not being used economically! And I love it!”
She had surprised both Manfred and herself with this long speech. Accustomed to being silent, and never speaking a word for herself or others, she now felt a little embarrassed by her outburst, heartfelt though it was. She stole a look at Manfred's face. He was staring at her with an absorbed, critical gaze.
“Heather,” he said, “you have a gift for looking at the heart of the matter. Your perception is astounding. I am impressed, may I say, not only by your feelings, but your dedication to your birth right. I did not think you had it in you to enjoy doing the things you have been. Even your willingness to ride out here with me today...for someone unused to riding, it was a brave decision, and I, as your cousin and the holder of the Stanleigh title, am proud of you!”
Heather's eyes flashed with pleasure; and they rode together in companionable silence.
The horses trotted along briskly, and at one point broke into a gallop. Breathless and jolting, Heather managed to stay in the saddle, hold the reins, and steer her horse in the right direction, a feat she had not thought herself capable of.
Manfred held back his horse to remain at the same pace as her. She could see the muscles in Crusader's neck straining, and the tension in Manfred's back and shoulders. She marvelled at his control, and wondered if one day she would see him release control, and ride with the intensity and freedom that she felt he was capable of.
Manfred knew how to make the ride interesting. He pointed out the cottages, and the families who lived in them. There were a lot of families, many of whom had lived in the same cottages that their grandparents had been born in. There was a sense of community in the little area, which had its own small shop and village green, complete with a sweet little duck pond. 
Children were playing on the green, laughing and shouting at each other, throwing balls, playing with rag dolls. Heather watched them wistfully until the horses had passed the village. 
She had never had such a carefree, happy childhood, and though she didn't resent it, she now felt the loss keenly. 
To have had a mother or father to love her, to have been allowed to throw a ball with such abandon, how lucky those children were! 
She had never had a doll, she'd had a bundle of material that she had taken to bed with her every night until Isobel mad one of her rare visits to the little attic room.
“What's this rubbish?” she had demanded, scooping up the bundle and swishing off into the darkness beyond the golden glow of the candle. How Heather had cried. 
She never asked what Isobel had done with the 'doll', she assumed it went into the glowing fire, to be consumed in one brief, brilliant glare before turning to ashes. 
She made a quick and firm resolution in her mind...that she would treat her own children with love and kindness, and let them have the fun, carefree childhood she had lacked. And to let them glow with that same brilliant light, and to never repress them or be cruel to them.
Of course she needed to find a husband to have a family...she stole a look at Manfred sitting high on Crusader, beside her. She thought briefly of Clarence, the man she was still betrothed to…she had not replied to his letter and tried not to think about it.
Marry Clarence? Have children with Clarence? Have Isobel as a mother in law, visiting, or perhaps coming to live at, The Groves? She felt somewhat guilty about her inability to make that problem just go away, and wished she had the heart to write to Clarence and tell him she wished to break their betrothal…
“What are you thinking about?” Manfred asked suddenly, frowning. “You look very determined all of a sudden.”
“Oh, nothing!” she stammered, looking down at her white hands. “Just the future.”
He gave a bark of laughter. “The future takes care of itself,” he said, “and if it doesn't, then I intend to take care of it...Heather.”
He said her name almost caressingly, then spurred his horse on, abruptly changing the subject. He instead spoke about the history behind the digging of the canal, and the fun times that the people who lived on the canal had when passing through the locks.
The rest of the day passed pleasantly. 
They stayed on the topic of the estate, and London and Manfred told her a little about the local politics.
He assured her that the visits of the local gentry that Heather had been undergoing would soon intensify, as the ladies tried to find out where her political sympathies lay. In the country, apparently, local politics and church gatherings formed the rival social circles. 
They arrived home in time for a late tea. 
Heather bid Manfred good afternoon as the warm golden rays of the setting sun touched the lake and glowed in the windows at the back of the house. He rode off, back to his surveyor's house, with Heather watching his silhouette until she couldn't see it any more. 
Chapter Nineteen
Manfred leaned against the edge of the desk, drumming his fingers impatiently on its leather top. He sighed and pulled out his pocket watch, looked at it, frowned, and replaced it into his pocket.
He flicked a bit of dust from his buff coloured jacket and bent over and rubbed out a mark on his shoe with the tip of his finger. Then he leaned back again, stared out the window, and took the watch out again.
Less an a minute had ticked by.
He made an impatient noise and drummed his fingers on the table again.
It was almost midday. Manfred was hungry and he really wanted a cup of tea, but he’d been meeting with estate people all morning and now he was waiting for an appointment with Peter to discuss the harvesting, which had already begun. As well as this, the schedule for the autumn harvest needed to be discussed now, they had to organise the threshing machines, workers and other farming details that Peter knew more about than Manfred. 
If pressed, Manfred would reluctantly admit that Peter was an excellent farmer. He had not only a green thumb, but all his fingers were also green, and he understood the way the farm worked on a very deep level.
Once Peter had been allowed to start making decisions to do with the farm, the profits had improved. He understood at an instinctive level what needed to be done when, and what decisions needed to be taken. His timing was impeccable. He was not shy about implementing decisions, or making unpopular ones, if they were for the best outcome. Also, he got along well with the men on the estate, and if they were happy, they were productive.
All in all, there should be no reason for them to dislike each other. He knew Peter respected him as the estate manager of The Groves, too. And he knew Peter disliked him as much as he disliked Peter.
The pity was that they had so much in common. They liked the same things – the estate they both worked for, and then there were women…yes… they both liked the same sort of women…and that, thought Manfred, could really be one of the main problems. 
Manfred shrugged off these thoughts, and started tidying up his desk, with an eye on the clock. Well, Peter wasn’t late precisely, but he wasn’t early and Manfred was ready to see him now. 
Inactivity made Manfred twitchy. What he wanted to do was to go for a horse ride, galloping down the country lanes, or over the fields. He also loved to swim, he loved to ride out to one of the small lakes nearby, shuck off his clothing, and get some good, powerful strokes in. He tried to do some sort of physical work each day – it was the way he kept in good physical shape. 
He heard footsteps outside the door, and then a knock.
“Come!” he said, straightening up and folding his arms before him.
Peter entered the room. 
He was wearing his working clothes – a rough shirt tucked into his breeches, an old brown coat worn carelessly over the whole. At least he’d cleaned his boots before coming into the house.
It occurred to Manfred, as it had many times before, that Peter often deliberately dressed like a peasant whenever they were due to meet. He’s seen Peter dress well enough for church, or visiting. He had the clothes. He gritted his teeth.
“Manfred,” Peter greeted him. His eyebrow rose as he looked at him. “Is there a problem?”
“No, no,” said Manfred, tetchily. Peter wasn’t late, after all. And they’d known each other for so long…even if they didn’t like each other, they could at least work together. 
For now.
“Right, well, let’s start,” said Peter.
They both bent their heads over the books and discussed estate business. Peter went through the lists of tenants, what was planted, when it would be ready, who they should get to pack and ship things to the city for selling.
Quickly, they worked through the pile of papers, and sorted out the work for the season. 
“I’m introducing some more orchids into the Orangery,” said Peter, “As they have been selling very well down in London. There appears to be a bit of a fancy there for the white ones, very popular for weddings.”
Manfred shrugged. His annoyance that Peter had made the exotic flowers in the Orangery become profitable still rankled, he had set against it, but Peter had gone ahead with it.
He also knew Heather approved of the orangery plans – there was nothing he could do.
He also knew, when he was willing to admit it to himself that his motives for wanting to close the Orangery, were primarily to annoy Peter.
“Go ahead with it then,” he said.
Peter grinned at him.
“Oh , I will!” he said, watching Manfred closely, “I always do”
Damn him, the man was clearly amused at Manfred’s expense. And trying to bait him – and to a certain extent, succeeding!
“Perhaps not always,” Manfred said, annoyed. “After all, there was that business over the upper field, where we both wanted something to do something different – and I ended up making the decision in my favour. You’ll have to admit I was right there.”
Peter grinned. He’d got a rise out of Manfred.
“Maybe, but maybe my idea would have worked even better,” he said agreeably.
Manfred snorted.
He realised he’d been baited and was annoyed with himself for being drawn into it.
“And you have to admit,” continued Peter, who was sitting on a swivel chair and twirling slightly back and forwards, “That the Orangery is profitable. High labour, certainly – but the Groves is known now all over the country for producing superior hothouse blooms.”
Manfred shrugged, and looked down at the papers on the desk.
“Is there anything more we need to discuss?” he said shortly.
“I’m done,” said Peter getting up. “A pleasure, as always”. 
He nodded amiably, and sauntered out. 
He could almost hear Manfred grinding his teeth in the room behind him as the door closed.
He grinned. Poor Manfred. It wasn’t nice to bait him like that…but he found himself doing it every time they met. 
It wasn’t that there was anything WRONG with Manfred, as such. They were just so very different. It wasn’t a bad thing to have an agenda and to not do anything until you’d calculated what it would bring you…but it got tedious to put up with. 
Peter distinctly remembered their shared boyhood past. He, running barefoot with the estate children, going tad-poling and swimming and running and scrimping apples…while Manfred would ride past on his pony, well dressed even then, loathe to get dirty, but full of swagger and competitiveness. He would challenge boys to riding competitions, and he’d always win. He’d win swimming competitions – anything with a bit of skill, he’d win easily, as he had the benefit of tutors and education to allow him to hone those skills. Whereas Peter and the local lads made do with what they taught themselves.
Then Manfred’s world crashed down – his father died and it came out that he’d not been rich, but living in debt. There was no more money to pay for schooling and horses, but instead their fine things were sold to pay debts. Manfred’s mother had gone off to live with her sister in another county, but Manfred, a young man by this stage, had stayed on.
As adults, when they both took on responsible positions at the Groves under the directorship of the trustees, they’d had to learn to deal with each other. Not to like each other, but to deal. It helped a bit that they were both dedicated to making the best of the estate, and both wanted to do the best they could. They were both hard workers. And Peter reluctantly admitted that Manfred was good at being the overseer once he’d been trained, and Manfred often accepted Peter’s advice on farm and market garden matters – as he knew Peter knew his stuff.
And now they were rivals over Heather, too.
Heather.
The first time Peter had seen her, he’d been stunned. He knew who the heir to the estate was, but had assumed, like all those who knew of the legacy, that she was completely uninterested in her country house. After all, she’d never come for a visit, she’d never shown the slightest interest in The Groves or her ancestors. It was under a trust, of course, but nothing was heard from her until she was of age.
Peter had assumed she’d been brought up in London as a society Miss, living with her rich Aunt, and would stay there, milking the profits off the land that he loved and cared for and having a good old time.
When Heather had unexpectedly arrived, and her sweet little maid Ellie had told Mrs Hamming of her background, Mrs Hamming had been shocked. Quickly the word spread amongst the staff.
Sympathy ran high for Heather, who has obviously had a very hard time of it living in London, with an evil aunt instead of the indulgent one they’d often supposed. She’d turned out to be practical, intelligent, good with money and housekeeping, generous, and kindly. Also she was very understanding.
The staff thought she was excellent to work for, as she went out of her way not to make extra work for them. 
“Just think,” one of the maids had said, “I picked up her riding habit to take to the laundry, and she apologised for the amount of mud on it, and also the fact I had to clean the stairs of some specks of dirt! I’ve never seen the like! Normally it’s bells, all day and night, bring me this five minutes ago, but with Miss Stanleigh, she will fetch things herself happily and put them away and takes care to wipe her feet before she comes in so to make less work for us! Imagine!” 
Peter smiled. It wasn’t only that Heather was a so kind, but they understood each other on a level he’d never expected to, nor even ever thought he’d have wanted to, with a woman. 
Peter had been quite happy to remain a bachelor. He wasn’t lonely by any means – his rugged good looks and charm had ensured that the village and estate ladies were often known to wander past where they thought he’d be. He even had taken up with a few of them on occasion – widows, mostly, who he wouldn’t be taking advantage of, but he’d never courted before.
He’s certainly never been interested in seriously courting a young unmarried lady before.
How things changed! Because, of course, he was certainly courting Heather now, even if she sometimes seemed oblivious to his intentions. He wanted Heather, really wanted her. The idea of marrying her and spending the rest of his life with her filled him with pleasure. The expression she got when their eyes met, the way they could talk together; he felt slightly astonished at how fast and how hard he’d fallen for her. 
He and she suited each other and he knew she liked him. But he also knew she liked Manfred – strong, tall, and handsome, and he didn’t know if she liked Manfred more than him. He was afraid to push his hand in case he scared her off. Also there was a certain constraint in her manner. Something was holding her back from totally opening up to him. 
He found himself, for the first time in his life, somewhat at a loss as to what to do about it. He knew Manfred was no angel – there was the way he had dropped Selina McCubbin as soon as Heather had arrived. But he wasn’t sure if his interest in Heather was on her behalf (after all – she was adorable!) or on behalf of Manfred’s desire to be the real overlord of The Groves.
Anyone marrying Heather would be master of The Groves, and Manfred wanted that very much. But Peter also wouldn’t say no….and any moral tale-telling he could tell Heather about Manfred and the way he has spent time with other ladies, well, Manfred could say the same about Peter.
Well, he’d just have to keep courting her, taking opportunities and just being himself, and trying to figure out how much rope he could hand Manfred to hang himself. 
Chapter Twenty
Heather arranged to have the paintings cleaned, and gas lights installed over the house. Candles and lamps were all very well, but she liked to read late into the night, or sew, or work the accounts, and gas lighting made it easier. 
The kitchens too benefited from her updates; Mrs Hamming was heard to make smug comments on the new stove range, better than those of any of her acquaintance.
There was the linen to sort with the help of the new seamstress-maid, the curtains to mend which would not be replaced, the old heavy furniture to polish in the rooms of the house that had been unused for years.
Heather joined in, much to Mrs Hamming and Bernard's amusement, though it soon became fairly obvious to them that she had done this sort of work before.
They had just spent some time polishing the silver and arranging it in the new sideboard in the dining room. In that time, Manfred had visited with a few household questions, and had held a large pot for her while she polished the underside of it. Peter had popped his head around the door frame to inform her about the crop of early fruits just sent to London, and had stayed to help polish forks.
Heather never had as much fun polishing the forks, or spoons, or any of the other silver that Peter kept ‘remembering’ and running off to fetch to polish with Heather’s help.
“I declare,” said Bernard, to Mrs Hamming, as Heather passed him, holding a bottle of polish and a large cloth, “that Miss Leithbridge is glowing these days. Not like when she first came here. Her cheeks are red, she's not as thin, and there's a shine in her eyes these days.”
“Yes,” said Mrs Hamming, “And the apron she wears and a smudge on her cheek from the polish won't hide the fact that she's a good looking young lady.”
“And I'm bound that Mr Peter and Mr Manfred both see it,” countered Bernard.
“And she sees them too,” replied Mrs Hamming. “But which one does she see better?”
Bernard picked up a large silver cup and held it to the light, considering it. He swiped it with his cloth, removing a mark visible only to himself.
“That,” he said, “Only time will tell. But I don't think it will be long before there is a master as well as a mistress of The Groves.”
They both polished in silence, wondering.
*
The next day dawned bright and clear. Heather woke up to find Ellie sweeping the curtains open and the beams of sunlight fell over her face.
Wake up Miss!” sang Ellie, “It’s the morning of the church picnic! And a glorious day!”
Heather sat bolt upright.
Oooh, I’ve been looking forward to this!” she cried. 
And she had. She had regularly attended the church in the village, and had been to tea with Reverend and Mrs Bigsby a number of times now, meeting up with them often during visits to and by the local gentlefolk. Since her trip to the McCubbins, she’d been to afternoon teas and morning teas and had droves of families drop in and consume mountains of muffins and cake and tea.
She’d been enjoying wearing her new dresses and hats out visiting. She now had a suitable number and had finally stopped ordering them. She’d been shocked at the amount of money she’d spent so far on them; but it was a fraction of the yearly allowance she’d never been paid by Isobel, so she reasoned that she had time to make up for.
She’d also received the jewellery that she’d inherited. The Solicitor had sent her the key to the bank locker where they had been stored – Manfred had then organized them to be picked up. Foolishly, she’d assumed there were only a few pieces, but there turned out to be many. Some of which were very old fashioned but she loved anyway.
Her favourite was a little pearl necklace, which she thought might have been the one her grandmother wore in her portrait in the gallery. It was simple and beautiful, she wore it often.
Today, though, she thought she’d just wear a pair of tiny gold earrings, her bow brooch, and a garnet ring. No need to dress up for a picnic! 
The church picnic was a yearly event when the entire parish would leap on horses or in carriages or whatever conveyances they could find, and all trot a number of miles out to a local beauty spot, and fill the day eating food and drinking and playing games. 
She’d heard the location spoken of fondly by the church community at large. It was a lovely large field, full of flowers, bordering a stream which fed into a deep, pretty pool, surrounded by willow trees and poplars. The annual event was much anticipated by the wives and cooks in the area, who all vied with each other to bring the most spectacular of food to share and impress their neighbours with. There were to be games (archery, running games for the children, croquet and bowling) and prizes, and everyone gave money to the church fund for orphans. 
Ellie was coming, as were some of the other staff, including Mrs Hamming and Bernard. It was a day when the entire household put aside traditional values and positions and all joined together to have fun and frolic. Peter and Manfred were also going to be there, and all the local families, like the McCubbins. 
After breakfast, Heather put on her bonnet and shawl, and joined the bustling group of Groves’ occupants who were milling around the drive. Various carriages and wagons were brought up to the steps, to be mounted by servants carrying rugs and mackintosh squares (to sit on), and baskets of food for the picnic. As each conveyance moved away, a new one was brought in.
Heather heard a clatter of hooves, and looked up to see Manfred and Peter mounted their horses. Peter was leading the reins of Heather’s horse, Sorrel, her breath blowing clouds in the crisp morning air.
“Good morning!” she cried at them, waving, and they chorused “Good morning!” back to her.
They both dismounted and Peter held the horses head while Manfred assisted her onto Sorrel’s back. 
“It a beautiful day for it!” said Peter. 
Heather looked around her. The early morning mist was rapidly disappearing and the early sun was reflected from the dewy plants. The crisp air conveyed the exciting crunch of horse hooves and cart wheels against the gravel.
“Indeed, I’m looking forward to it! And Mrs Hamming has been spending the last week coming up with the most alarmingly delicious treats for us to eat!” said Heather. 
Manfred gave a shout of laughter and shook his head.
“Ah, Mrs Hamming and the housekeepers of the district all rival each other,” he said. “The owner of the first basket or platter to be totally emptied is the winner. She came in second last year with a rather nice chocolate-themed selection of cakes, I cannot imagine how she will do better this year”.
“Remember, the winner last year had trifle soaked in whisky, the farm hands got hold of it and scoffed it all down fast, that’s why Mrs Hamming didn’t win!” said Peter.
Manfred and Peter both laughed at this. Heather smiled at their unaccustomed friendliness – the magic of the day had even effected those two! 
They set off and made for the churchyard, where the entire village were gathered to meet. 
When they arrived at the church, it appeared that the entire diocese were gathered, clustered into brightly frocked and hatted groups.
“For all the world like flocks of cawing birds’ said Peter. 
It was true, the swarm of people moving and clumping resembled nothing less than flocks of tropical birds in flight, and sounded also like birds twittering at each other.
There would have been over a hundred of the local families and servants gathered around the churchyard, spilling into the laneway and clustered in groups around the road. More people kept arriving, there was much waving and greeting and calling out.
Children ran to and fro, upsetting the horses by squealing and being raucous. 
Excited chatter filled the air, as the vicar made the motion to begin the trip to the picnic area.
“Come on everybody, it’s nearly eating time!” he called, waving his arm over his head, to a appreciate titter of laughter.
Reverend Bigsby was well known for his ability to turn up as morning or afternoon tea was being served, and eat the most cakes.
It has also been speculated he had a special stomach to store cups of tea in, as he could drink more tea on his own than the rest of a party put together.
Hence, he was very excited by the prospect of a picnic full of delicious food.
He was seated on the back of a pony trap next to his wife, and led the party down the lane by waving his handkerchief vigorously at intervals. Slowly, the rest of the congregation fell in behind and followed him. 
Heather found herself riding next to Peter, with Manfred dropped off to the side of her. He was in high spirits, which she found infectious.
“Did you contribute anything to the picnic?” she asked him.
“I’ll contribute my hunger and thirst!” he grinned at her. She laughed.
“Well, Ellie said that the kitchen has been impossible to go into all week, there’s been so much cooking going on. We have very plain meals these last few days – I also suspect I’ve been getting the failed attempts at a spectacular dessert. The other day I was eating something that resembled a collapsed castle, made of chocolate and cream. And filled with berry mousse. It tasted delicious, though, I must say.”
“You intrigue me…I wonder if those baskets hold a fully intact chocolate castle?” 
He waved his hand in the direction of the servant’s wagon. Mrs Hamming could be seen grimly holding onto a very large wicker basket, covered in a checked cloth.
Ellie, next to her was talking animatedly with Bernard.
I wonder what’s going on there, though Heather, watching them for a bit, surprised. 
She watched them a few moments more, then looked at Peter, to find him smiling at her.
“I think there might be a romance in the air at the Groves,” he said softly.
Her heart seemed to beat faster, as she looked into his eyes.
“I assume you mean Bernard and Ellie?” she asked, twitching an eyebrow at him.
“Of course…of course! What else could I mean?” he murmured. 
Their horses at that moment both moved towards each other and they found they were in very close proximity. Their legs bumped slightly together before Sorrel moved away from Peter’s white mare, and Heather found herself furiously blushing.
“Still,” said Peter in a more normal voice, allowing her to recover her composure, “If it’s a match, don’t think of it as losing a maid but gaining a butler!”
Heather smiled and looked again at Bernard and Ellie. Bernard’s head was bent over Ellie’s, they were obviously enjoying each other’s company. And, she thought, Ellie’s cheeks were red, they could be no redder than Heather’s own cheeks! 
She kicked herself for not picking up on Ellie’s mood, which, she realised in retrospect, had mirrored her own. A romance was certainly in the air! Of course, she was happy with her changed circumstances, and had assumed that this was why Ellie often looked very happy, in fact somewhat smug. But if Ellie and Bernard were courting, that would account for the bloom in her cheeks.
Peter and Heather kept up their amusing banter until they reached the picnic site. Either fortunately or unfortunately, he didn’t put her to the blush again, and their conversation fell into a rather silly, easy chatter.
Arriving, she noticed it was indeed a very beautiful site. An ancient hedgerow surrounded the large field, which was thick with meadow grasses and flowers. The field was on a smallish hill, which meant that the views over the county were lovely. To one side, the view was of the purplish distant wood, in the other, the ground dipped away into a stream, which meandered off to feed one of the canals. There were birds chirping, insects buzzing and a general feeling of wellbeing in the air. Adjoining fields had freshly sewn crops in straight, marching lines, and the odd sheep or horse were dotted in other fields. 
In front of the picnic field, someone had tied a goat. Some village children were already busily feeding it various things to see if it would eat them. It had devoured a hat and the first few pages of a prayer book (with a little too much encouragement from the children) before a meddling adult removed the goat to a more distant location. 
Everyone dismounted or climbed off their various conveyances, and began to set up picnic blankets and trestle tables. Mackintosh squares were spread over damp ground, grass was stamped down, and baskets set down while the servants and townsfolk set out their wares. 
Then the baskets were opened and the food was laid out.
‘What a lot of food!’ exclaimed Heather.
And indeed there was. The tables were laden, almost groaning, with plates and platters of it.
There were sandwiches, cold meat, and salads. All presented in a tasteful manner. Vegetables, stews, bite sized delicacies and huge sides of ham. Many had been decorated with flowers or herbs, other dishes were arranged into pleasing or amusing shapes. One plate of square-cut sandwiches had been stacked to resemble a house, with a spray of parsley for the chimney smoke! Really, the cooks of the village had excelled themselves! 
And the desserts, set up on a different table, what a lot of them there were. Biscuits and cakes and pudding of all descriptions. Sweet meats and jugs of lemonade and syllabubs and mousses.
Crowning all of the deserts was a huge chocolate castle, filled with cream and berries, standing on what looked like a rocky mountain of cake – from her dessert the other night, Heather recognized the work of Mrs Hamming. She could also smell the alcohol in the cream from where she stood. Mrs Hamming was not above cheating a little, and if last year’s winner won due to the amount of brandy in the pudding, well, then, this year she would liberally have soaked hers in brandy! 
Everyone stood around holding a plate and eyeing off the tables.
The Vicar then clapped his hands.
“Welcome one and all!” he called. “Welcome to our annual picnic! As you know, we ask everyone to give a donation today, for the parish poor. Let’s try and better last year! And of course, if you’d like to enter one of the races, there’s a small fee per race, which also goes for the greater good!
But I’m not here to bore you ,I’m here to eat!”
There was much laughter at this statement and someone shouted “Me too!”.
“So without much ado,” the Vicar continued, “Let’s begin!”
With that, he marched directly over to the chocolate castle, snapped a turret off, and began to eat it.
As he said “Ootha, delicious!” there appeared to be a swooping rush and the entire village descended on the food.
Heather stood helplessly laughing at the mad scramble.
There appeared to be no way in.
“Here, I’ll get you something, else it will all be gone,” said Peter, taking her plate for her, giving her a salute, and plunging into the fray. 
Eventually he emerged with two plates laden with food – one savoury and one sweet. 
“I decided to get a bit of everything, in case it all vanished before we came back,” he explained, gesturing her to go and sit on a vacant blanket away from the general rabble.
She sank onto the ground in billow of skirts, and Peter handed her a fork. 
“I’m afraid we have to share a plate,” he apologised.
“I think we will manage,” she assured him.
He grinned and offered her the plate. She speared a piece of ham and took a sandwich from it
“Are you sure of that?” she heard him say, but chose not to answer it and instead munched on her food.
It was delicious food! Together they finished the savoury plate and began on the sweet one. 
“I don’t see any of the chocolate castle here,” she said, taking a macaroon and biting into it. It shattered in her hand and little bits fell all over her chin.
“No, it was all gone by the time I got to it!” Peter explained. “Mrs Hamming is the clear winner this year!”
They both laughed, and Peter picked a bit of macaroon from Heathers skirt and popped it in his mouth.
This familiar gesture made her blush and she looked at him shyly. 
“Heather,” he began, but at this moment they both became aware of Manfred striding up to them.
“Ah, I was wondering where you’d made off too, have you had an adequate amount to eat?” asked Manfred. He was smiling grimly, glaring at Peter and the plate between them. Heather shifted slightly.
“Yes, thank you!” She said, smiling up at him. 
The sun was behind his head and gave him an halo effect. He looked coldly beautiful; with his chiselled back lit features, almost angelic in the bright sunlight.
He looked down at her. She sensed reproach in his manner, probably for her free and easy manners with Peter. She stiffened slightly.
“Hey, Manfred! There you are, I’ve been looking for you all morning!” Philip McCubbin materialized next to them, grinning and waving. He pulled his sister into view. 
“You should enter the archery competition as doubles again, you won last year!” he said brightly, directing his comments to Manfred and Miss McCubbin.
Manfred stood still for a moment, and then looked at Heather briefly. She read a challenge in his eyes.
“What an excellent idea, we should go and enter now,” he said softly to Miss McCubbin, who, startled and pleased, laid her hand on his proffered arm and they walked off together. 
She glanced at Peter. His face was unreadable.
“Let’s go and watch some of the games,” he suggested. 
“I say, jolly good idea!” said Phil, bouncing excitedly on the balls of his feet. He held out a hand to Heather, who allowed herself to be helped to her feet and borne off by the two amusing men to watch the Vicar attempt to run an egg and spoon race against the parish children.
She decided she would not think about what just happened and enjoy her day as much as possible. 
Chapter Twenty One
It did turn out a very successful day. Peter and Bernard strapped their ankles together and won a box of chocolates for a three legged race. Philip came third in a 100 yard dash against a large group of farmers and a stable-hand.
Heather failed to hit the target during the ladies’ archery, amongst much good-natured ribbing from the crowd. By no means was she the worst there that day, and she’d clearly never held a bow before, she was cheered for getting the arrow to leave the bow at all. 
Mrs Hamming accepted a prize for the most popular food competition and quickly drank a glass of sherry, and was seen being helped back to a chair where she sat, flushed and content, giving recipe tips to the housekeeper at the vicarage.
Manfred and Miss McCubbin won the doubles archery. There seemed to be rather a lot of adjusting of arm guards and careful choosing of arrows, one red headed lady and one tousled brown headed gent seemed closely bent together in what Heather thought was excessive discussion for shooting a few arrows. She managed to quell her troubled thoughts, and went up afterwards to congratulate them and admired their prizes. 
Manfred smiled at her and watched her through slitted eyes. Philip was talking loudly and excitedly to his sister, telling her why he didn’t win the sprint – he hurt his shin at school years ago and it troubled him since. Peter was gently ribbing him about how he got the injury, apparently it was in the changing rooms after hockey, not on the field and was due to some chap showing what he could do with his hockey stick when Peter wandered in a the wrong moment. 
“Perhaps I should give you some archery lessons,” Manfred said softly to Heather. She smiled back at him. 
“Perhaps you should, I defiantly would need some practice before I attempt that in public again,” she said. 
Miss McCubbin looked up and tried to get Manfred’s attention. He seemed to not notice her, and continued talking to Heather, who then noticed the upset look on her face.
Miss McCubbin turned away and walked off rapidly, Peter, noticing the exchange, caught up with her and took her arm and led her off for a walk.
Manfred turned and watched them for a moment. He seemed about to speak of it, but changed his mind and instead turned back to Heather and suggested an archery lesson tomorrow morning in the back field (where stray arrows could not hurt anyone).
There was something unpleasant going on, and Heather felt strange about all of it. There seemed to be so many messages she was getting and so many she was missing. What just happened? She agreed that Archery lessons were a good idea and looked into Manfred’s intense blue eyes, and found herself breathless at the thought that he would soon be close to her, clasping her hands around a bow and arrow…
The day continued in fun and chatter and laughter. Most of the food was eaten, some people began to pack up, but mostly little groups sat or stood around talking and laughing.
Bernard and Ellie had made their way to the stream after returning their plates to the basket, and were talking happily to each other about everything under the sun.
“What beautiful lilies!” cried Ellie, pointing at a bank of them growing by the water. Bernard gave them a measuring look and said ‘We can do better than that!” and moved towards them.
“Careful you don’t fall!” she called, concerned.
“Pish tosh!” he snorted. “I won’t fall!”
He edged out to where a rather large, fully-open lily stood. It was right at the edge and the ground around was fairly spongy. Ellie watched helplessly as he inched his way out towards it -and then the mud caved in and he stumbled forward into the water.
It only came up to his shins, and thankfully he didn’t fall in. Smoothly, he reached over, picked the flower, and then waded in the stream back to where Ellie was standing, for all the world as though he was sauntering down a street in an elegant suit.
“A flower for you, my lady,” he bowed elegantly, and presented it with a flourish. 
Even standing up to his knees in running water, he had the elegance of the butler about him.
She took the flower shyly and tucked it into her bonnet, carefully avoiding looking at him while he clamoured out of the water and shook his shoes. 
“I’m sorry you’ve ruined your shoes,” she said shyly.
“What’s a pair of shoes, when one can have such a glorious flower?” he smiled at her. He offered his arm and they walked back to the main field, him squelching slightly…and he didn’t even seem to mind her giggles.
The day began to wind up. Horses and carriages clattered off home again, there was a general air of packing up. The Vicar had to be removed from a bottle of port and was heard to complain loudly of the necessity. 
Peter and Miss McCubbin emerged, Heather noticed she looked a lot happier. But she avoided coming near Manfred and Heather, and beaconed to Philip to join her mother in the carriage. They rode away. 
The staff and inhabitants of The Groves all began to pack up. Mrs Hamming was holding the empty platter and also her prize with a very self-satisfied look. A strange squeaking noise was coming from Bernard’s shoes and his lower limbs seemed distinctly muddy, but a quelling look from him discouraged anyone commenting on it. 
Manfred appeared leading the horses. Heather wearily climbed onto Sorrel, wishing she could just sit in the cart with Ellie and not have to ride home, but managed to put a brave face on it, and the horses all set off.
She looked back at the field. Other than tramped down grass, and a few people still milling around, it was just an ordinary field. She smiled. That had been a nice day, even though bits of it had been very awkward. Manfred and Peter seemed to be playing deep games, which she thought she could understand but also didn’t want to think too much about right now. 
Chapter Twenty Two
A few days after the picnic, Manfred entered the library, looking for Heather. He needed to discuss the latest rents with her, and talk about some of the issues the tenants were having.
Heather wasn’t in the library, but Ellie was. She was hunting for a glove button that Heather was missing, and seemed to remember catching it on something near the desk. She had crawled over the floor and failed to find it, so she was upending vases and peering around the piles of paper on the desk.
“Have you seen Miss Leithbridge?” Manfred asked Ellie bluntly frowning at the paper in his hand.
“No, Lord Stanleigh, but I believe she’s out in the rose garden,” said Ellie, curtseying, a vase in her hand. She had soon learnt that though Manfred was not the owner of The Groves, it went over with the servants to treat him with the deference his title deserved.
“Right, I’ll wait here,” he said walking over to the desk and sitting in the worn leather chair.
“And what the devil are you doing with that vase?”
“Looking for a button, sir,” bobbed Ellie.
“Of course you are,” he gave a snort of laughter and shook his head.
“Well, stop looking for the button and go and send your mistress to me.” He leaned back in the chair and hooked his toes under the desk, surveying her with his slitted eyes. In the light of the study his eyes glittered blackly at her. He seemed to be eyeing her up and down, and a small quirk appeared at the side of his mouth. It seemed that he liked what he saw in her.
“Yes, Lord Stanleigh,” bowed Ellie and left rather quickly. She wondered how he managed to keep such an air of command, when all he was really was a paid servant, like her. 
Deep in thought, she walked towards the garden looking for Heather. A sound to the side of the house caught her attention ; she looked over and noticed Bernard was standing out in the sunshine. Obviously, he was having a break from the house, he was leaning against the door, drinking from a cup, and sunning himself in the streaming sunlight.
Ellie smiled to herself. She and Bernard seemed to have reached a happy state where they were both pleased to see the other. They hadn’t talked much – Ellie in particular was concerned at how it would appear to the other servants, but they were often seated opposite each other at meal times and Bernard was beginning to get a perky look on his face when Ellie was around.
Satisfied, she continued walking into the garden.
She found Heather with Peter in the garden, having a lesson in how to prune roses. Both of them were looking very intently at a gorgeous white rose bush, Heather holding a small pair of oddly shaped scissors, while Peter explained the best way to prune so that the maximum number of flowers would be produced with the new growth.
“What’s that in your hand?” exclaimed Heather as Ellie approached them. Ellie looked down and laughed. She was still holding the vase from the study. She noticed a small rattle in it, and upended it. A small silver glove button popped into her palm. The three of them all laughed, as Ellie explained her mission (and the vase’s part in it) to Heather and Peter.
“I must go then,” said Heather with a note of regret in her voice.
“Well, it’s not quite the right time of year to talk roses,” said Peter.
“I’ll continue the lesson in autumn. However, I’ll teach you about beans tomorrow, if you’d like. The first bean crop is about to be harvested.”
“That would be lovely,” said Heather, her bright blue eyes touching on his face (cleaned for once, noticed Ellie. And his shirt was also cleaner than normal, other than a long stain of green on one arm).
They parted, and Ellie and Heather walked back to the house together, Heather squinting at the little rose engraved on the back of the button.
“There are roses everywhere in this place,” she announced.
“I’d noticed,” said Ellie, wondering if Heather knew how openly glowing her face was when she was speaking to Peter. 
Had Peter noticed it, plus the tender note in her voice when she spoke with him, and the enthusiasm she showed when Peter suggested an outing? Probably he had, but she didn’t know what he intended to do about it yet. Plus Heather got that submissive, hushed note in her voice when she spoke to Manfred. Her eyes sparked when she talked to him and she tended to blush when he walked in a room. The two men had become definite rivals in the race for the hand of Heather, and Ellie doubted if Heather knew which one she preferred yet! 
She watched how Heather squared her shoulders and took a deep breath before she entered the study, noticed the slight tremor in her voice as she greeted Manfred. Hmmm. Things would resolve themselves one way or another, but Ellie couldn’t tell which way the pendulum would swing.
*
With a gentle 'plop', the stone landed in the canal, spreading ripples out in all directions. 
“HEY!” said Philip McCubbin, turning around in annoyance. “You'll scare all the fish!” 
He was seated in a canvas chair, reclining in front of the canal, with a fishing rod in his hands. An empty bucket sat hopefully next to him next to his fish gutting knife and a picnic basket. He’d already started on a large bottle of beer and the remains of some pastries were scattered around him, and also on his clothes. 
He looked like he was having a very enjoyable day. 
Peter, who had been responsible for throwing the stone, nodded at him, and squatted down into the grass next to him. In his hand he held his own fishing rod. 
Neither man spoke as Peter baited his hook, and flicked the line into the water. 
The ripple he made with the hook was no less than the stone, but Philip didn’t mind this time. This was fishing, subject to its own rules.
The two men sat in contented silence, watching the gentle swaying of the reeds that lined each side of the canal, both twitching their lines every now and then in the hope that the fish would bite. 
Presently Peter produced some apples from his pockets and handed one to Philip. 
“You'll be here for lunch and then gone again, I expect.”
Philip spoke eventually. Peter nodded. 
“Yes, I don't have a lot of time today, we are doing a harvest in the Orangery. I like to make sure everything is packed well,” Peter said. 
Philip nodded, chewing his apple. 
“You've done wonders in there.” 
“Thank you.... must remember to send one of the orchids to your sister too. I promised her when they flowered she could have one”. 
“Ah yes, my sister,” mused Philip. “Poor Selina.” 
There was a silence and then Philip continued, “You know, i really like your new cousin, Miss Leithbridge. But i can't help but wish that she'd never turned up, if only for Selina's sake”. 
Peter paused eating his own apple and wondered if he should speak. 
He hesitated a bit, and then said “Never say never, though, Phil. It's not certain at this point that good old Manfred won’t be asking for your sister’s hand.”
“You're not serious?” Philip raised an eyebrow and looked at Peter. 
Something about the intent, totally non-joking look in Peters face made him change the next thing he was going to say. 
“But Manfred is certainly acting like he'll be king of the dunghill in the next year, though!” 
“Yes, he is, and that might just be his undoing.”
“Well, then! that’s good news! I'll keep an eye on that and tell Selina that hope is not lost for her. Though….it's always a pity that you two didn’t get along like that… I’d prefer you as a brother in law to Manfred!” said Philip. 
“While I like and respect your sister, she's not really my type,” grinned Peter. 
“I know! I despair of finding a woman for you!” Phil looked at Peter, who looked back at him flatly, but he flushed.
Philip’s eyes widened. 
“Though....by the looks of it,” continued Phil, surprised and pleased, “Maybe you don’t need my help! Gosh....I’d like to be invited to one of the Stanleigh family teas just once, to be a fly on the wall! Talk about complications, my good fellow!” 
Peter laughed. 
“I don’t go counting my chickens before they're hatched,” he said. “Early days yet. However...I've never met anyone before who might have wanted to make me give up my bachelorhood. So, I repeat to you, don’t despair, though its' not a certainty that Manfred is going to be out of the game!” 
The words were brave, noticed Philip, but he's worried. There's a look behind the eyes...he is afraid its' not going to work out for him. 
Love. How very complicated. Much, much better, he thought, to fish, to eat, to swim, and to ride! 
He felt a tug on his line and the excitement of pulling in his fish distracted him as he landed it.
*
Eventually, the work on the house was wound down and then ceased. Painting was completed, reupholstered chairs delivered and placed in their correct places, curtains hung, and vases placed. Paintings had been moved and shifted to complement the new scheme.
The household linens and fabrics had been replaced or restored, and The Groves took on a feeling of comfort, home, and looked cared for and loved for the first time in a generation.
Heather opened the windows and let in the sweet, scented, balmy air, wafting in from outside. She wandered from room to room, and surveyed her handiwork; everything gleamed. Heather hugged herself with almost unbridled glee. To make this house, this neglected house of her ancestors, beautiful again! She smiled and ran her finger across the delicate carving on the back of a chair. The chair had to be at least two hundred years old. You couldn't own such beauty, she thought, her fingers caressing the carved honeysuckle.
You could use it and love it and then pass it on to the future where the next person would do the same. She felt you could drink in beauty but it didn't last longer than the time it took to absorb it. She gave the chair a small pat and shook her head to clear it.
Such fancies! 
Stretching her arched back to relieve it of the knots that the rubbing and polishing had put in it, Heather wandered out into the gardens, holding a basket and scissors in her hands, with the intent of cutting some flowers for her room. 
She was wearing her favourite yellow dress, light and airy with an under-dress of cream lace that showed when she walked. She had tied her glossy hair under a large straw hat to kept the sun off her face. The hat tied beneath her chin with a deep amber bow. She wore a delicate gold chain with a small amber pendant at the end of it. 
She looked charming, set off against the deep green lawn, and she wandered towards the roses. Her amber pendant sparkled in the sun, but nothing was brighter than her intense, happy blue eyes, as they rested on the flowers. She reached for the flowers and began to cut them, laying them in her basket, smoothing their petals and touching the sticky, bitter sap with her fingertips.
Peter thought her beautiful, watching her from where he leaned against the side of the house.
“Heather!” he called, moving towards her. She turned to him and smiled. Her face was in the shadow of her hat, and her teeth gleamed like pearls. She lay her scissors in the basket and walked towards him.
“Peter!” She was pleased to see him, and it sounded in her voice.
“You haven't been out much!” he said. “I see you're finished with all the workmen.”
“Yes, it's been dreadfully busy here lately,” she said, as they strolled together. 
There was a slight breeze, which lifted her skirts slightly. Peter's hair was ruffled in the wind. He looked rugged, as though he had been working hard. There as a slight sheen of sweat on his forehead. Funny, how it seemed to suit him. She couldn't imagine any other man looking as natural as Peter did now. She tried to imagine Clarence in workman's clothes, with his slicked back hair untidy in the wind, and a smudge on his chin. The thought amused her, and she looked away from him.
Don’t think about Clarence, she told herself. 
“We've started really getting the knot garden into order,” said Peter, taking her arm. A thrill ran up her arm when his warm hand touched her. She had been hoping he would do that.
“Oh?” she said, turning her pale face towards his.
“The hedges are overgrown so much, we've had to replace some of the bushes,” he said. “But the restoration is underway. I'm afraid it will take much longer than the house to fix!”
“That's all right, part of the fun of having gardens is watching them grow!” said Heather. “Like a small…oh, say a small cat. You feed it and pet it and it loves you and you can be around it. A garden does the same. You feed it and water it and it grows and becomes lovely to be in.”
“Yes, I am of the same opinion,” agreed Peter, smiling down at her.
“That's one of the reasons I do NOT miss London,” continued Heather. “Nothing there is alive. Even most of the people. The food we get is old, the trees look grey, and there aren’t even any weeds, for there is nothing for them to live on! The sky is dull, the roads are dull. Every now and then you see a bright doorknob or a red door, but they aren’t the real things that matter” 
She frowned. “Do you realise, that until I came here, I had never seen a rose bush? All the roses at Aunt Isobel's house are crocheted or paper, or wax!”
“Wax!” exclaimed Peter, laughing.
“Oh yes, it's the latest, you know! Wax flower, fruit, and animals! You name it! It's horrid stuff. Especially the fruit, for it looks real, but you can't eat it! What's the point of having pretend food on a table?”
“None at all,” he said solemnly. “But I expect it's very attractive stuff. Can you dust it when it gets old? Maybe I should order some and send it up to the dining room table, it would make it look a treat”
She looked up at him quickly, and said, “Oh, you don't mean it! I'm not gullible enough to believe you think that!” Their eyes met.
“No, you are not gullible,” he said. “But you are adorable.”
And he bent and kissed her.
Heather, taken not unawares, was nonetheless taken aback. Peter's lips pressed firmly onto hers, and he moved closer to her, putting his hands on her waist. It was the first time a man had held her this way.
His lips were so soft, his breath was warm on her cheek. She could feel the blood pump harder in her veins and she stiffened, but then suddenly melted into the kiss, and felt his body against hers, disturbing and exciting.
I like it, she thought dizzily, kissing him back. Then she failed to think much at all, as she enjoyed the sensation. He grasped the back of her head with his hand and pressed closer to her. His lips caressed her lips, as his breathing became heavier. It was as though they were melding together to become one person. She felt a flame take hold of her body and warm it from her feet to the tips of her fingers and she gave a little soft gasp of pleasure. Her senses reeled, and then she began to re-focus as he moved his face away from hers. He still kept his body against her, his hand on her waist, the other in her hair, as he scrutinized her face.
“Very adorable,” he murmured, eyes devouring hers. His lips twitched.
“Also delicious.”
She felt as though she should take umbrage at such words, and said so. He laughed.
“And what do you intend to do now?” he asked, eyebrow raised.
“I should tell you never to do it again,” she said.
“Do you think I'd listen?”
“Do you think I'd say it?”
“No, I don't believe you would,” he said, slowly. “If you did, I’d have to honour it. So I’m glad you haven’t asked.”
The serious Peter had once again replaced the carefree, charming one. He still charmed her his natural manners putting her at ease. She hoped it was natural charm – what if this manner he assumed was just his way of making love to her, and charming her? He looked into her eyes.
“And may I kiss you again?” he asked, seriously.
“Now, or later?” she said, breathlessly, looking up at him. Their blue eyes seemed to reach an understanding beyond words. She wanted to laugh, or cry out or do something to show her exhilaration. It must have shown through her expression, as Peter seemed to catch her joyful look and echoed it at her. What must we look like, she wondered in a tiny corner of her mind. A man and a woman, together against the blooming hedges, a basket of flowers and warm day.
“Now, and later,” he said softly, and bent over her again.
Chapter Twenty Three
It was much later when Heather returned to the house with her basket full of flowers. 
Peter had walked her to the steps of the conservatory, not touching her, but close to her. He almost seemed to be surrounding her, not in the physical sense, but emotionally. 
Heather, who was still dealing with her new-found independence, wondered about this. She had the feeling that if she asked him to back off, he would gladly and willingly comply. She did not feel at all trapped by him, which was very important to her.
Though….to be trapped and embraced by Peter would not upset her. In fact she felt her heart quicken at the thought. But she was not ready to go further, and unwilling to take back what had just happened.
She was unsure of her feelings right now, though. so when Peter merely bent to kiss her cheek goodbye, she did not mind.
She went into the house alone. Walking into the conservatory, she looked for a vase to place the flowers in. She found a large cut glass one, which she began to fill with water, humming as she did so. She took up the scissors and snipped the leaves from the base of rose stem.
“So, you cut some flowers, how charming,” said a voice behind her.
She turned to see Manfred, looking at her. His blue-black eyes were hard, and he had a twist to his mouth.
“Yes, I did,” she replied uncertainly. Manfred had a way of popping up when she wasn't expecting him. And she needed time to prepare for any encounter with him. She noticed that her hands were shaking. She put down the scissors, and tried to catch her breath. Manfred was so handsome. But the kisses from her time in the garden burned on her lips. She wondered if he could see the imprint of Peter on her lips, and felt a wash of guilt. She knew she was flushing red.
She didn’t realise how lovely she looked, standing in the conservatory, blushing.
He closed the door to the conservatory.
“I think we need to have a little talk,” he said. “I have some things to say to you, that I don't think you want the servants to hear.”
“What would the problem be?” Heather waited apprehensively.
“Do you think that your behaviour today has been entirely appropriate?” Manfred said to her. 
Manfred was obviously controlling his anger. He must have watched her come into the house practically on Peter’s arm, seen the body language between them, and for the first time had realised that Heather had real feelings for Peter – Peter was suddenly more than an annoyance. He was a real rival.
His eyes flashed, and his attitude was that of anger. He picked up a rose from the basket and considered it in silence, trying to keep some sort of temper. The rich red glowed against his white skin. He placed it slowly on the table. Too gentle; there seemed to be implied threat or restrained violence in his gesture.
Heather was blushing deep red. Oh dear. It cost her a great effort to not lift her hand and wipe her mouth. She should not feel guilt for the rapidly fading encounter in the garden. She had nothing to be ashamed of. Then why did she feel that Manfred would admonish her?
“My behaviour? Inappropriate?” she repeated, hoping desperately to have it out and spoken.
“Letting a man such as Peter Conner kiss you on the cheek smacks of revolting familiarity, as well as low breeding,” said Manfred, his steel eyes boring into hers.
She felt a rush of relief. Well, he had not seen them kiss in the garden! He’s only seen the end, when Peter left her at the door, and had pressed his lips to her cheek. She watched Manfred standing before her. He was so handsome, with his flashing eyes and rich, thick hair, swept back from his face. 
It seemed that waves of energy radiated from him, as he spoke.
“He is common, and his father was too,” continued Manfred, eyes boring her down.
“His mother was a gentlewoman,” said Heather, with some spirit. What he said was technically true. Yet it did not seem all that bad until he pointed it out.
“As you do not seem to be!” snapped Manfred.
While she stood in stunned silence at the tone of his voice, he said, “A woman of decent birth and up bringing would not allow a man such as Peter Conner to touch them, let alone kiss them! I did not allow myself to worry the other day when I noticed your arm upon his, although I found the familiarity quite revolting. But I felt that I could not let what I just saw pass unnoticed. 
You must be aware that it is poor breeding on his part, nor it is proper feminine behaviour on yours. I am disgusted at him and surprised at you.”
“It was only a friendly parting kiss!” said Heather evasively.
She put down the flowers she found she was clutching rather hard and found that she needed to grip the table to stop her hands shaking. She had not felt that she had done anything wrong, at least in what Manfred accused her of (her wretched lips, were they still red?), and could not therefore think up excuses to defend her actions. “Because I liked it” would not be a good enough reason in Manfred's eyes. 
“Only a kiss!” he said incredulously. He paused, eyes glittering in rage. “And what do you think he wanted next, Miss Heather Leithbridge? It doesn't stop at a kiss, you know. Your dear friend Mr Conner has a name here in the village. The village girls know he doesn't stop at a mere kiss. He would take more than that. And give nothing in return!”
Manfred closed the distance between them in a few steps. He grasped her shoulders in his wide, strong hands and held her in his vice-like grip, holding her tightly, a hairs breadth away from touching her body to his. They stared at each other, her grave and red, him tense and white. She tried to avert her gaze and he shook her slightly, forcing her to look at him.
“But maybe you encouraged him,” he said, his voice low and intense, his gaze arresting hers. “Maybe you gave him what he wanted already?”
“No...” whispered Heather, struggling to break from his hands. Instead he drew her closer to him, pressing his long hard body against hers. Again, that flame, shooting through her legs, raising itself in a warm blush up her body. What was wrong with her? Was this usual when a man took you in his arms? No wonder this sort of thing was frowned on – it was highly distracting!
“Do you give your favours freely, Miss Leithbridge? Did you kiss your Music Master, or the Stable Boy? Are those blue, wondrous eyes merely to hide your rotten soul?”
He wound his strong arms around her, pressing her to him.
She felt trapped and useless, hear heart beat queerly in her breast. If he didn’t stop soon she would surely swoon. His arms, like iron, bound her in a deadly embrace. She felt as though she would stop breathing. He was so close, she could smell his scent. Strong, bitter and manly, it ticked her senses. A flush spread across her cheeks, fire coursed through her body. She could not move to save herself, so caught up was she in his grasp. 
His voice had become soft and caressing.
“How freely do you give, Heather?”
His face bent over hers. She twisted her head away from him, but his strong fingers caught her hair. The comb she had used to hold it in place clattered to the floor. Her hair began to unravel in burnished tendrils. 
“You play the shy maiden well, my dear. But not so well that I am convinced,” he said, softly, deceptively, caressing her hair. His fingers massaged her scalp in long, circular motions. She moved her head in motion with his hand, in long sensuous strokes. 
He gave a sort laugh and moved his mouth close to hers. Closing her eyes languidly, she could feel his hot breath on her cheek, then on her lips as he pressed her face towards his, a firm grip in her hair, and inevitably, pressed his mouth onto hers.
His kiss was deep and hard. Heather tried to pull away, but he held her fast. His body was hard against hers. It was so very…seductive! So very different… to Peter. What should she think? Her mind was chaos, as his tongue and lips demanded a response. To be possessed utterly by such a man! She caught her breath in a sob, and felt her body trembling. 
His body moved with hers enclosing her deeper, his mouth harder, insistent, inviting. Unavoidable. She was numb, unable to react rationally, but on fire, and she pressed him back with her body and her mouth. 
She felt him laugh again, and it drew her back to her senses…Manfred knew she was a lady and had done nothing wrong, but he was playing with her, trying to get her to kiss him back, to perhaps accuse her of further sins. If she gave in now, he would think her immoral, easy with her favours, and unworthy of her position in The Groves. And unworthy of Manfred, heir to the Stanleigh name and proud of his heritage.
The knowledge sobered her, and gave her the strength to push him away. His arms dropped to his sides as she stepped back and wrapped her arms around her body and tried to breathe normally.
He stared at her, his eyes flicking to her now reddened mouth, her rapidly heaving breast, and her uncertain hands. Then he smiled. His eyes caressed her, narrowing in knowledge, his full mouth red and twitching at the ends into an almost smile.
I know what they mean by sensual mouth now, though Heather, fascinated by his lips. They had felt hard, unyielding, exciting on her mouth.
“Or perhaps you are indeed a shy maiden, caught between two men,” he said, smiling at her. His attitude seemed to have changed; he was in a good mood. In not giving in to him, though desirous of doing so, she had pleased him. He knew what he did to her body, he knew how hard she fought to resist his insistence. 
He thought to himself: if Heather had been pleased with the way Peter behaved, now, with the memory of today in her mind, she would turn from Peter and to Manfred. If Peter ever tried to kiss her properly, she would have this to think about!
He said tenderly, “Please forgive me. You angered me! I care very much for what might be said or thought about you! We can only hope that Peter will not tell his friends at the inn that you are not an innocent!”
Heather said, breathlessly, “He has nothing to say, anyway!”
“Well then,” said Manfred, “You had better keep away from him, so that he never will.”
“Don't tell me what to do!” she burst out, suddenly angered by his dictatorial tone, “People always have told me what to do!”
“Don't you think your behaviour warrants a little advice?” Gone was the soft voice, amused had replaced it.
“I don't think so!” She sounded defensive to her own ears.
“I’m sure you’ll agree that it does!” Manfred said, amused. She felt her face grow hot, and impatiently raised her hands to her cheeks. 
Manfred, she saw, looked calm and cool. Nothing ever seemed to ruffle his serenity.
“And who are you, to tell me what you think, anyway?” she asked, knowing she sounded petty and childish. But his treatment of her had made her feel helpless and young again, and she had no way of dealing with it. 
“You have no control over me!” she finished. He laughed.
“Marry me, Heather!”
She stood, rooted to the ground.
“You feel it too, don't you,” he said, persuasively. “There is a bond between us.”
He moved toward her again, and lay his hands on her shoulders. She winced, feeling the sensitive areas, caused by his previous grasp.
“Marry me, and give the Groves back into the Stanleigh name, reunite the birth right for our sons... You know it's right, it's what you want to do,” he murmured.
He bent over her and his lips brushed her ear, sending thrills down her spine. The brush turned into a caress.
He whispered softly, “I love you, my dear. You stand up for yourself, I love your spirit, your passion. You are very beautiful, you know.”
Heather felt herself being lulled by his soft voice. He caressed her with his words, and with his hands. They moved over her shoulders and down her back, soft now, gentle. She felt daring, as though she had thrown away a lifetime of solemnity. She wanted him to kiss her. She wanted to return the kiss, for him to cover her mouth with hers, and to drown in his rock-hard body. She knew little of what married couples did, but she knew there was passion and love and a uniting of the body and the soul. How easy to give her soul over to Manfred, to surrender herself to his authority. I'm going to accept him, she thought. We can be married, what is more natural? Reunite the Stanleigh fortune with the Stanleigh name, and I would be married to Manfred....married. Married? She gasped, and shook her head.
“Oh no!!” she said. “I can't marry you!”
“Oh you can, it's really very easy, you know,” he said softly, moving his lips to her mouth, and touching them to hers. They were soft and warm, they reminded her of what had just occurred. The kiss of another. Would she yield to Manfred? Could she? 
“You just need to say yes, Manfred, I will marry you…”
“No, I can't marry you,” she said desperately. She tried to turn her face away, trying to avoid melting into him. His body pressed to hers, harder, insistent. She actually felt her knees go weak. He was a pillar of iron holding her firm and steady, holding against reality. But she couldn’t afford to let her reality change. She had to remove herself from another obstacle before surrendering herself to him.
“You can,” he whispered, his hands caressing her face, her hair. She sighed and tilted her head back, so that he kissed her neck. His lips moved down the base of her throat, which he nibbled softly with his lips and tongue. The feeling was…unbearable. 
Wiggling away from him in vain, as he held her tightly, his face buried in her neck, she opened her eyes and looked at the ceiling, desperate to distract herself from being caught up in this moment. She couldn't think of what to say. She felt trapped and defenceless - he had invaded her mind, and filled it with confusion. She had no chance to refuse him, he wouldn't let her. She was too young for this, too young to be caught up in such a scene. She couldn’t speak, she had nothing to say.
Manfred's kisses frightened her as much as they excited her. She had never felt so tempted by anything before. Peter had shown her promises of what to come, but he didn't push. Manfred had pushed too far, but in doing so had taken away her ability to decide and think for herself. It was not like kissing Clarence.
Clarence.
Oh help. That.
“No,” she said, pulling away from him with a firmness that surprised both of them. “I can't marry you. I have very good reasons!”
“You can, there are no very good reasons,” he said, reaching for her and taking her in his arms, putting his lips to her cheek, speaking against her face, his lips full and sensuous, his hand caressing her hair, her cheek. Her hair was down against her back, waves of glorious copper glinting in the sunlight. His other hand stroked her back, across her shoulders. She shivered slightly.
“No, you don't understand!”
“Don't I?” His voice was soft, teasing. His hand followed the contour of her shoulder to her shoulder blade, and allowed his finger to drop to the buttons of her dress. He played with the top one, showing her how easily he could unbutton it. She drew a shuddering breath and spoke.
“No, I can't marry you,” she insisted, grabbing his hand with hers and removing it from the button. It seemed inclined to work its way back, so she held onto it as firmly as she could. He seemed to be humouring her, allowing her to control his movements.
“And just what are these reasons?” 
His voice was gentle, persuasive. Teasing her, leading her around, obvious that he had decided already not to listen to her. Oh well, she had to mention it at some stage.
“Well….Because I'm already betrothed!” she said, desperately.
There was a silence and his hand in hers clenched hard and suddenly.
The words she had uttered seemed to hang in the air.
Manfred dropped his arms, and stood swiftly back from her, pushing her away. She nearly fell, but righted herself and forced herself to look up at him. His face was black as thunder. His eyes were furious. His hands clenched and unclenched, he looked ready to hit someone, and she took a step back from him. This was not the same man who had just inflamed her body and gently teased her, this was a rigid, barely controlled, angry man.
“I'll kill him,” he said, deathly quiet. His hands forced themselves out of their clenched position and he carefully began to straighten his clothing that had become disarrayed.
“KILL HIM!” cried Heather, “Manfred, no, you can't...” Clarence would be no match against this man!
“My cousin, the bastard!” Manfred said in a compressed voice. “What did he do to you so that you agreed to marry him?”
He smoothed his hands through his hair, forcing it back into its usual careful careless sweep.
“No, wait, you don't understand!” cried Heather, “Peter isn’t...”
“I don't care,” interrupted Manfred, his voice dangerous. “You will go to him now, and you will tell him that the betrothal is off. You will never marry a man like that! How could you! You don’t love him , you could never love a menial! You will however marry me as soon as I can get a license, and he will be out of here as fast as I throw him. Don't you dare to give me your protestations of undying love. I won't believe them.”
His eyes, cold, black, icy, bore into her horrified ones. 
“I'll see him dead otherwise.”
He turned on his heal, and slammed out of the room, leaving Heather standing amongst the flower basket, not knowing whether to burst into hysterics, or find the situation absurd enough to laugh at. 
Chapter Twenty Four
Ellie bent over the washing basket and shook out one of Heather’s shifts. She wrapped a cloth around the handle of the flatiron and touched it briefly to her finger. Satisfied that it would not burn the delicate muslin, she began to carefully press the lace at the bottom. 
The heat from the iron made her face hot and she hummed a little as she pressed.
“What a lovely sight,” a voice spoke from the doorway. She turned and saw Lord Manfred Stanleigh, leaning in the door frame. His perfectly-clad legs were crossed, and his arms were nonchalantly folded in front of him. He wore only boots, breeches and his shirtsleeves, and otherwise looked as impeccably turned out as she had ever seen him. The firelight played over his face, turned to her, his chiselled features had never looked so attractive.
“Milord,” she said, curtsying briefly in his direction, before returning her attention to the shift.
Manfred watched the curve of her cheek and the determined motion of her arm as she pressed the flatiron firmly onto the cloth. She was small and buxom, and he felt somewhat inflamed by his interactions with Heather. He had not made time to talk to Ellie. The servants in the house were usually older or male, none of which appealed to his fastidious tastes. 
Manfred was an uncomplicated man. He liked power, and had found that women were attracted to his piercing eyes and fine figure. This gave him an edge over other men and it gave him also that feeling of power. Money brought power and he chafed under the burden of not having enough. 
He had a longstanding arrangement with a young lady in the village, and had even fathered a child by her. She was meek and admired him and would do anything for him, allowing him to call the shots in their relationship. He liked to play games of domination with her, and liked her best when she would plead with him to come to her, would beg for him to stay. He knew the young lady loved him but was a little afraid of him. It was the same to him. He loved to be just a little bit cruel to her, to see tears welling in her eyes, to see her fall to her knees in front of him and beg him not to leave her, to stay just an hour more. 
To beg his forgiveness for a minor misdemeanour. 
He would ‘forgive’ her, of course, but once or twice he had sneered at her and ridden away on Crusader, satisfied that the next time he came she would be twice as willing and subdued.
His pursuit of Heather was tinged by the knowledge that she would love him passionately, and when they were safely married he could allow his carefully constructed mask to drop a little. He wondered how other couples kept up the façade of love after the first few encounters. 
Certainly once his lust had been sated, he often thought of other women, and became bored of his conquests. He looked forward very much to the seduction of Heather, and knew that he would be able to make her feel that it would be her fault if the marriage was not a success. He knew that she would be miserable if he let her know that she had not done something to his satisfaction. He liked women to cry, to plead, and to beg to be forgiven. 
She hadn’t pleaded with him yet, and she had a core of iron in her that he longed to snap. Or even to keep alive, yet subdue with his masterful handling of her. Her soft, warm body would have been incentive enough to follow through with a seduction even had he not intended to marry her. 
Even such thoughts made him excited. He’d left Heather and gone in search of brandy. After swallowing a tumbler full, he’d wandered around for a bit, wondering what to do next. He’d come in search of Ellie almost without thinking. Heather was out of reach, in fact, she’d told him she was engaged to Peter! 
What nonsense. He could not deny, though that he wanted to punish Heather, or that this latest complication added spice to the situation. 
Revenging himself on Heather, even without Heather knowing it, would please him, thus he had strode around her usual haunts until he had found Ellie – Heather’s maid.
He knew maids. She would say nothing to Heather - she was a servant from sophisticated London and that meant that she would know her place.
He understood the working classes, and he was sure Ellie would give him what he needed, when he asked for it. He’d seen Ellie look at him, knew he was attractive to her. This was one of the reasons he had not bothered with her until now – what was there for the taking was uninteresting to Manfred. He had intended to wait until after the wedding to seduce Ellie, when there was no chance of anything being said to Heather to put a spoke in that wheel. But it was worth a risk now - who would Heather believe if Ellie foolishly thought to tell her, a servant or her affianced love?
Ellie felt herself blushing slightly at the iron stare of Manfred. She shook her head slightly for her fancies and turned around again.
“Would you be wanting something else, Sir?” she asked, looking him directly in the eye. She nearly gasped at his expression. There was a man wanting more than to watch a woman do her bit of ironing!”
Manfred walked over to her.
“Sure I’d be wanting more,” he said, cleverly imitating her Welsh singsong voice. “And it would be from you that I’d be wanting it.”
“I’m sure I don’t know what you would mean,” said Ellie, affronted, putting down the flatiron and putting her hands on her hips. The nerve of this man! She’d heard about him from Mrs Hamming. Keeping that…woman…in the village like he did, and daring to make up to Miss Heather the way he did! She believed that Heather was starting to see through his façade, which is why she said nothing to her. Best to find out herself, and there was plenty of time yet that she had to discover the true man that Manfred was.
“I’m sure you do,” said Manfred, his voice husky with desire. 
Ellie almost laughed. The cheek!
“Well, I can see what you mean,” she demurred, “but I’ve got an understanding with someone and I don’t think he’d be too happy if I was to give you what you’d be looking for. I’ll be saving that for me young man and not just handing it out to anyone who asks for it.”
“I’m sure you’ve handed it around before,” said Manfred advancing on her. 
He ran his finger down her arm until he reached her fingers, where he let them rest against her hand. 
“I’m not asking for a lot. Just a bit of food for a hungry, lonely man.”
“Now then!” said Ellie, alarmed, skipping out of his reach. She picked up the flatiron and hefted it menacingly at him. “You won’t be wanting me to take the food from the mistress’s plate then?”
He laughed, without humour, fast losing patience with her. You’d think the girl didn’t know what an honour it was to have the Lord of the Stanleigh title offering for her! She was only a trumped up welsh kitchen maid, after all.
“There’s plenty on the plate for two…” he coaxed, standing still. To chase a kitchen maid was beneath his dignity. 
“Try putting that thing down and having a bit of fun!” It was an effort to keep the irritation out of his voice. Open defiance was not something he was used to. He often had to refuse the attentions of unsuitable village girls, and once, the daughter of one of the more wealthy merchants. She had been buxom and blonde and willing, but he knew that the middle classes had stricter morals and he’d have ended up married to her if he had shown her even the slightest encouragement. In his experience, maids were usually not blushing or hesitant about these matters. It irked him.
“Seems to me that the plate serves more than two,” Ellie said, holding the iron, and starting to get angry.
“And I don’t want to eat from it….sir.”
The sir was drawn out insolently, as an insult.
He stepped back and glared at her.
“So that’s the way it is, is it?” he said in his soft menacing tone, his eyes glittering narrowly in his marble face. 
“Well, you’d better think about a new situation, my little Welsh darling, because when I am the true master of this place then you’ll be turned out on your ear. I will also let everyone know exactly how much you liked to sport with every man on the estate, and I can assure you, a damaged reputation like that will lead you to rue this day.”
He had kept his voice low and threatening, his fists had clenched and unclenched.
Ellie laughed. “Oh go on with you sir,” she said mockingly. “I’m not an ignorant country maiden, I’ve lived in Carnarvon and then in London, I know what working in a big household is all about. Your threats hold very little water with me sir, and even if you were to turn me out tomorrow (not that I’m saying you can!) I will have another situation in a day, far from your threats of vengeance!”
They stared at each other for a moment, then he turned on his heal and marched, fuming from the room.
Ellie felt herself collapse onto a chair. My goodness! What a horrible man! Thank goodness Heather was beginning to view him with a more guarded expression in her eyes. She hoped she wouldn’t have to warn Heather of his intentions. As if she would be willing to tumble into bed with such a man!
“Ehem.”
A discreet cough came from the door that had just been vacated by Manfred. Ellie looked up, ready to unleash her tongue at Manfred.
It was Bernard.
“Oh, it’s you!” she said, relieved and pleased. She smiled at him. He raised his eyebrow at her.
“I was just passing by,” he said “and I heard the sound of voices raised in anger. Of course I quickened my pace and came over to see if my calming words you be of any assistance. I was in time to hear a number of threats bandied back and forwards, and am rather thankful that the altercation was ended before I arrived on the distasteful scene. My dear Ellie, do you need any assistance?” 
“Thank you Bernard, I’m all right,” said Ellie. “Though I find myself wishing that I’d thrown this iron at his head.” She hefted the flatiron at him. He held his hands in front of his head as if to ward of an attack.
“I see that your ample weapons would have left him vanquished, even without my help,” he said solemnly.
“However, I am willing to offer you further assistance, should you require it at some point in the future. I have noticed,” he continued, “that in situations like this, it is seldom that the hunter leaves his quarry be. All you need to do is call, my dear, and I would gladly use that iron you are holding in your hand to ward off Milord’s attack.”
Touched by his concern, and blushing of the ‘my dear’, Ellie murmured “Thank you!” and actually felt herself flushing to the roots of her hair.
Bernard, on seeing her red face, stepped unhurriedly forward and took the flatiron from her hand.
“I might return this to its place on the fire,” he said frowning at it. “You will find that it is no longer warm enough to make any sort of impression on the wrinkled fabric.” 
He leaned over and hooked it on the hob next to the crackling fire, then turned back to Ellie.
She looked up into his somewhat stern face, and noticed, not for the first time, the amused quirk at the side of his wide mouth, and the definite twinkle in his eye.
He smiled briefly at her then caught up her hand and held it firmly.
“While we are speaking of matters of the heart,” he said, “I do have a question I must ask you.”
“Yes?”
“I would very much like to state my intentions of courting you, of course with the view to leading this to an eventual wedding ceremony,” he said.
She burst into a peal of laughter.
“Oh Bernard,” she said, “Was that a marriage proposal?” 
“Of course, my dear, what else could it have been?” he said holding her hand tightly. For all his solemn manner and his calm voice, she could see he was quite agitated. 
She grinned up at him.
“Well, then, I would like to accept your invitation to such a ceremony,” she said, her calm voice slightly mocking his.
His smile was brief but brilliant. He raised her small, square hand to his lips and kissed her fingers.
“Then,” he said, releasing her hand, “would you care to join me in a short walk tomorrow evening, all going well?” 
“Indeed I would, Bernard, indeed I would!” 
Chapter Twenty Five
Heather had decided that her first course of action would be to talk to Peter, before Manfred could find him. She went in search of him.
The problems that faced her seemed immense. 
She had no idea how to say to him. “Oh, by the way, Manfred thinks were engaged, and he's going to kill you,” – it did not seem appropriate, even if it was the truth!
She hurried on, biting her lip slightly with worry.
Peter did not know that Clarence existed. No one did, except Ellie. She knew she should have done something about Clarence before this, broken it off with him formally. Perhaps she should have mentioned that she was betrothed when she had arrived. But it had not seemed necessary
And her life in London was so far away, so unrelated to her current life at The Groves.
She thought about her reactions to the kisses she had received from all three of the men.
Clarence had given her the kiss of a brother. There had been affection in it, but no passion, no need to kiss her, other than for forms' sake. He had never actually courted her. 
Manfred had been aggressive and persuasive. She had wanted him to continue, but he’d been in complete control of the situation, and played her like an instrument. The burning of Manfred’s kiss on her lips excited her but also scared her somewhat – she’d felt unable to defend herself, but also unwilling to defend herself! That fact made her uneasy. His voice and lips had managed to seduce her, moments after she’d been trembling in Peter’s arms. If Manfred had pushed further, would she had defended her virtue or fallen? She didn’t know. She didn’t feel overly virtuous at the moment.
She flushed. Perhaps he was right, perhaps she was not a lady. 
“But I've never known men who are like them,” she said to herself. “I don't know what to do. Maybe if I'd had some suitors, I would have known where to draw the line, perhaps I would have been be able to discourage them.”
She was doubtful, none the least of her mind telling her drying she had no interest in discouraging them.
Both Manfred and Peter followed their own rules in the game of courtship. Rules she had no idea of.
Peter had been altogether different to Manfred. These past months, he had flirted with her, talked to her, teased her, and then finally he kissed her. He had stood back when she became uncomfortable, and kept their conversation at a friendly and easy level. She thought about what Manfred had said about Peter's reputation in the village, and wondered if it had been the truth. She could not imagine Peter leaving behind a string of broken hearts. Village girls, of course he’d dallied, she could believe that; but she’d doubt anyone had been unwilling. Not with Peter, who dealt honourably and openly with all he came across.
Or seemed to.
She had not felt in the least bit guilty allowing herself to be thoroughly kissed by Peter, when she had been every bit as engaged to Clarence then, as when Manfred kissed her. What was wrong with her that she felt only indecisive and not sorry for either encounter?
The day was clear and soft, a gentle afternoon with no wind. The steady drone of bees filled the air, as they returned to their hives, laden with nectar. The slow call of a bird punctured the quiet of the day. Heather strode around the gardens, and into the orangery, looking for Peter. 
She finally found him near the lake at the rear of the house, holding a spade, and directing a number of workmen in their attempts to fell a rotten tree.
He stood with the afternoon sun behind him, with tousled hair that fell in tendrils over his neck and brow. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, showing tanned, muscular arms, dark brown but for some white scars. His skin gleamed with perspiration. 
One hand he raised and ran through his hair. He was pointing to the tree and gesticulating.
Feeling loathe to interrupt such an admirable pose, Heather watched him a moment longer, and then eventually said “Erm…Mr Conner” in a level voice.
He turned, surprised. 
“My, you've come a fair way to find me!” he said, smiling. “Did you hanker after my company so much?”
Heather smiled weakly, her resolve crumbling. Peter noticed this, and said sharply,
“What’s happened? Is there a problem?”
“Well, that depends on what you would call a problem,” she replied looking directly at Peter’s feet. Or his muddy boots. She was holding her hands behind her back to try and stop the obvious trembling.
Peter stuck the spade into the dirt. Flicking her eyes to him briefly, she couldn't help noticing how strong he was, how muscles in his arms bunched when he raised the spade and thrust it into the ground. Her knees weakened slightly as she thought about those arms around her waist…. Be firm, she told herself. You were never like this before. Some good looking men pay you a compliment, and look what happens! She wiped her palms on her skirt. 
“Let’s get away from earshot,” he said conversationally. “How about a small stroll around the lake?”
“That is an excellent idea,” she said.
They walked over to one of the little gravel paths that led around the lake. The soft rippling water, surrounded by rushes and willows, had a full complement of waterfowl bobbing up and down on the ripples. Every so often, one would call to the other. The sound was harsh against the rainbow view.
Heather sighed, looking at it. It was so beautiful, and she said so.
“Yes, it's a place to come and rest,” agreed Peter. 
“Very peaceful. I learnt to swim in this lake.” He chuckled. 
Diverted, Heather said, “why is that funny?”
“My father threw me in the deep end. It was either sink or swim. I sank. He had to jump in after me!”
They laughed together. 
Heather felt the tension ease up, and decided to broach the topic she wanted to avoid. To avoid it a little longer, she bent over and swept up a handful of rush flowers. Looking at them intently, she began.
“Peter, there are a number of things I have to say.”
He looked at her, smiling. His teeth were white. Well. This wasn't going to be easy, was it?
“Then say them, Heather.”
“Um, I don't know when to start...well, the most serious thing is that, well, Manfred is under the impression that you and I are engaged. And he’s…well. Not happy.”
Peter gave the impression of becoming very still. After a moment he raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
“Well, when I sort of told him that I was betrothed, he assumed it was you!”
“And what inspired you to tell him you were betrothed?”
“Because I am,” Heather said softly. There was no reason why she felt that Peter was taken aback, but she knew he was. He did not move or draw in breath, but said merely, “Pardon me?”
“My cousin, Clarence Masham. I would have been married him to by now, but I came here instead.”
There was a silence. Heather stole a glance at Peter. He was standing very still, the expression on his face utterly inscrutable. She wondered what he would say and he didn’t make her wait long.
“Hmmmm. And you say that Manfred thinks you're engaged to me? Is not one finance enough, or do you want a baker's dozen? I'd like to be there on the wedding night. Come to think of it, I thought I might be, for a while there.” 
There was an edge to Peter's voice, but she didn't know how to respond to it. The words were light banter, almost as though he was amused, but there was something more to it. 
She blundered on, trying to make him understand.
“But I'm not going to marry him! I didn't want to, but I had to, and now I don't and I can't anyway, and I'm not making any sense!” she worried, biting her lip. 
“I didn’t know how to deal with it. I don’t want to marry him – I’m not going to marry him, but, well, I’ve not told him that. Yet. Oh dear, I should have but I didn’t….”
She stood, shredding the flower in her hands from sheer nervousness.
Peter reached out a hand and took the destroyed flower from it. He looked at it, then across the water, quiet, lost in thought. 
He flung the flower with a swift gesture into the lake. It landed and small ripples immediately splayed out from it. A duck shot across the water, looking for the disturbance, hoping for food. It gave a disgusted little shake when it discovered the floating petals, and swam leisurely away. 
Both Heather and Peter watched it disappear into the reeds at the shoreline. 
Peace was restored to the lake.
Then Peter turned to her and looked intently into her face. “And why can't you marry him?”
“Because I don't love him!”
“Strange reason to become engaged, Heather.” 
“It was not my idea. I had no choice at the time, I was under an obligation to do as Aunt Isobel wished…as you can see, as soon as I discovered I was able to be independent, I left London and came here.”
There was a short silence.
Peter bent over and broke the green flower head from one of the rushes. Heather watched his nimble fingers as he played with it. Almost as if he was nervous, she thought dreamily. 



The whole afternoon was a dream.
“On the topic of choice, Heather, you're going to have to do some choosing soon.” 
Peter let the green flower heads sift through his fingers. They dribbled onto the grass at his feet. They watched them, unimportant, falling to the ground. Life is full of things that were not important. 
t was a matter of finding out what was important.
“What do you mean?” Heather asked, her voice low and calm, which was nothing the way she felt. A trickle started in her stomach.
 “I mean, you will have to decide whether to marry your fiancée after all, or you can marry Manfred – if he’s not asked you yet I’m sure he will soon enough - or you can choose to marry me.” He brushed the pollen from his hands, and thrust them into his pockets. 
He was not looking at her. She stood a little behind him, and could see the curve of his face and neck against the bright sun. 
He was poised, expectant, and deadly serious.
“I'm not sure I can take much more of this,” Heather informed him. 
She felt drained. This is just silly, she thought. Perhaps I've gone mad, and this is just one of those daydreams where all these men want to marry me, except this dream was not romantic, merely upsetting. 
So much for the baker's dozen. She already had three!
“Well, I won't ask you for an answer now, then,” said Peter, still facing away. “But I would like you to consider my question. I should give you a better offer, perhaps on my knees, but that just isn't my style. I want to marry you, Heather, and I can only offer you myself. No title, no fortune, but an honest and hard worker, Peter Conner.” 
He made no movement, no declaration of undying love, yet his proposal was in every way sincere as Manfred's had been.
A light breeze had blown up. Heather felt a tendril of hair tickle her cheek. There was a silence, filled only with the sounds of a soft English summer evening. 
“I can't answer you yet,” said Heather, suddenly. “I don't know anything anymore. My world has been so different, and now the one I thought I'd found has been wrenched away. I need time!”
“Certainly, if time is what you need you shall have it,” said Peter easily. “I would not constrain or for you, my love.” 
He turned and looked at her. She could barely see his features, his face was dark against the bright, burnished sky. She could see that he was smiling.
There was a strange peace between them.
Love declared, intentions declared. Her response had been a request for more time, to untangle herself before making a decision. 
“Back to the main problem at hand!” he continued, in a lighter tone. “So, Manfred thinks we're engaged, does he?”
“I said to him, “but I'm already betrothed!” and he just assumed...”
“And why those words: “Already betrothed?”“
“He asked me to marry him!”
Peter burst out laughing, and tried to control his chuckles when he saw she was not amused. His attempts to look contrite didn't quite work, but it was a good attempt. With an effort he managed to make his mouth stop smiling so widely, at any rate.
She shuddered, remembering the scene, with Manfred's lips on hers, his fingers digging into her shoulders. Her cheeks felt hot. Manfred had taken her in his arms and held her close. Why did she feel no shame over this? Where did her desires lie? 
Peter watched her closely, and assessed the situation. 
“He said he'd kill you if I didn't tell you we weren't to be married,” she said, trying to collect her thoughts.
“Oh, that trick again,” said Peter, grimly. “He's done that before.”
“What, tried to marry the women you have asked to marry? How many times have you both asked someone to marry you?” she said, feigning indignation. The amusement of the situation had started to seep back in now that she had calmed down a bit.
“No, threatened to kill me! And you know quite well what I mean, Heather!”
“And yet, after all these threats to you, you're still here!”
“Oh, only to spite him,” he assured her. 
“You enjoy spiting him, don't you?” she asked, squinting at him, half serious.
“Yes! We play each other off all the time. The difference is that I think it's a game, and he's in deadly earnest.”
“Always?”
“Mostly!”
“And me?” she asked, quietly.
“What?” Peter said, startled.
“Is all this merely a game for you? Am I the prize in another of your contests?”
He was silent a moment, frowning slightly. All trace of fun was gone from his voice. “My dearest, I am not always playing a game. Over you, we are both in deadly earnest; at least I am. I doubt Manfred's motives are quite the same, as my own. He would not wish it to be a competition, nor do I, but as it seems to have become one, it is a competition that I have no intention of losing.”
“Oh!” gasped Heather, blushing.
“You need to realise, that my parents and prospects are not good. I have also a bit of a past. With the ladies. But I've always done what I thought best, and there's never been any hard feelings when all's said and done.” 
He laughed. “Not like dear cousin Manfred, who's a determined breaker of hearts. I think their hearts get broken when they discover he has none!”
“You see, I don't know whether that is true, or you are saying these things just to make Manfred look bad in my eyes,” Heather pointed out. Peter's words confused her. Were they talking of the same Manfred, her handsome, gallant cousin?
“Sorry, my dear, but there's a lot at stake. What I really want you to do is say, “Oh? In that case, my darling, I will marry you!”“
“There's a problem there,” said Heather with spirit, “for you haven't actually ASKED me to marry you! You’ve just said that you want to marry me!”
He slapped his hand against his forehead. “I knew I had overlooked something!” he said. “My dear Heather, I will ask you now! Will you marry me?”
“I'll have to think about it.”
“Well,” said Peter, loftily, “If you don't want too!”
“I could, I suppose,” she said, frowning thoughtfully, “For I don't want to sit on the shelf, and if I don't watch out, I may only have another few proposals in my life. And from whom? Perhaps no one else eligible will come along. Certainly not two a day, as I have become used to.”
Peter laughed. He reached over and took her hand.
“Heather, don't make any hasty decisions,” he said. “Use your heart. You cannot go wrong if you use that; it is wide enough to encompass the earth. I have heart as well, though I tend to hide it well with banter. It takes a lot to crack through the buff exterior to reach it, and my dear, you have done that. 
Even if you choose not to marry me, I would always think well of you, and hope you would be happy wherever you were, whatever you did. In the same way, I find that someone who angers me will find it very hard to get back into my good books.
You must be aware that Manfred has angered me in the past, and it is a very uneasy relationship between us. I will speak no more of Manfred, or indeed of my heart. You know where I stand, you may speak to me at any time you wish to. I will always be here if you need me, and I hope that one day you will look around and see that you do want, and need, me…I take my leave of you now. Farewell.”
He gathered up her hand, raised it to his face, and touched his lips softly to her fingers. She closed her eyes briefly, as he gently lowered her hand and released it. When she opened them he was walking away from her, rapidly.
She watched him lope off with his distinctive step, and could hear him whistling as he walked. 
She smiled.
Her heart was full, for the first time in her life. She had found a home, where she was independent and happy. She looked about her, missing neither the perfection of the house in the distance, and the abundant green of the gardens and woods around her. 
Two men proposed to her within the same day, and she could not think straight. Manfred had kissed her with passion, and she had responded in kind. His ruthlessness and abilities were exciting. Her body even now coursed with excitement when she thought about it. Marriage to Manfred would be stormy, a contest of wills, but it would also be exciting and passionate and they could achieve great things together.
Peter had treated her with courtesy and kindness, but she could see the controlled passion behind the actions and words. He had seemed so sincere, and she had to admit that she had deep feelings for him. She thought about how she had melted into his embrace. 
Which was the better man for her? 
She could not decide; if she chose the wrong one, she knew she would be unhappy. There was no point in getting your life to a perfect point, then throwing it away, she thought. I will have to wait, and eventually I'll know.
But of course, there's a slight problem. The passion with which Manfred had uttered “I'll see him dead” worried her, if not Peter. Manfred was a man who usually got his own way, and would be dangerous if he didn't. By not acting now, would the situation improve, or get worse?
She walked back along the lake, musing
Mrs Hamming interrupted her thoughts, hurrying across the entrance to meet her, as Heather entered the house.
“Miss Heather, You have visitors, who just then arrived!” she said, her face flushed with the burst of activity. 
Who on earth...horror dawned on Heather as she turned to face Mrs Hamming.
“Who has come so late?” she asked.
“The Gentleman left his card,” said Mrs Hamming, producing it. Heather took the thin white card in her hand. Staring up at her were the bold letters, Clarence Masham. 
Chapter Twenty Six
Isobel Masham had been sipping her morning chocolate at the breakfast table. Opposite her sat her son, Clarence.
It had been so many months since Heather had left for The Groves, and no resolution yet. No letter, no contact, no visit. 
Isobel had stopped suggesting that Clarence just go and visit Heather…for now. She would have gone on her own but she had decided she needed the security of Clarence’s presence in order to remind Heather of where her duties lay.
She also felt somewhat uncertain of her next move. Having been caught out doing something not entirely ethical, she was a little unsure of her ground. It was an unusual situation for Isobel to be in – it was seldom that she didn’t know what course of action to take.
She looked fondly at her only son. To see him married to a malleable woman, and in charge of a fortune, had been her goal in life – she needed to be rich enough so that he could be a gentleman of leisure, with enough wealth that Isobel could be given a generous pension with which to do as she chose. Heather had seemed to fit that bill early on, and Isobel cultivated that. 
Clarence finished his breakfast. He was dressed for work in a grey suit, and looked the same as always.
There was a knock on the front door – and in a few moments, the maid brought in the morning mail. A few letters for Isobel, and a few letters for Clarence.
Clarence brightened slightly, and quickly flicked through his letter. He didn’t open any of them, just sighed, said “Have a nice day mother, I’ll see you after work,” got up, and left the table. She heard the door slam and the house was quiet again.
She looked at her letters. Bills. Just the usual correspondence – charity work, invitations, acceptances. She reached over and looked at the unopened letters that lay next to Clarence’s plate. Nothing there was in a feminine hand. 
That Girl!
It was all her fault.
Obviously, Clarence was waiting for a letter from Heather. He’d waited some time before deciding to write to her a few weeks ago…that had given Heather plenty of to reply! And yet, nothing!
She poured herself more chocolate and picked at some grapes. 
Isobel was annoyed. She’d counted on an easy life. It was what why she’d agreed to take Heather on as her ward. 
She’d partly married her second husband because he came from a good country family. It was satisfying to have a title in the family, it made ones social position a little more secure, she could refer to her in-law, Lord Stanleigh. She had not entirely understood, at her wedding, how things stood in that family, and that Lord Stanleigh was a wastrel, who would hand only over debts to his son, on his death. All the money went down the female line, the line that her husband also never spoke to.
When Heathers’ parents had died, and she’d come to stay with the Mashams with a very tidy yearly sum of money, Isobel had eventually come up with the solution of marrying her son to Heather. There’d be no title, but there would be a huge country estate and an old country family – and old family money.
The fact that she didn’t like Heather very much didn’t concern her. 
But she’d noticed that from a very early age that Heather had an alarmingly practical and independent streak. Best keep her in her place. While she never set out to keep her inheritance a secret from her step-niece, she found it increasingly never the right time to tell Heather of what she should expect when she was of age. And as Heather turned into a pretty young lady, it was best she was kept isolated from other men who might threaten the plans Isobel had made for her son. 
What a shame she’d fallen so ill just before Heather had come of age! If she’d had the mind to ask for the mail to be delivered to her, that solicitors’ letter would not have been opened by the intended recipient, and she’d not have run off to the country before marrying her cousin! 
Really, this case of the sulks and total silence on Heather’s part proved that there was something sly about the girl. She should face up to her commitments, and contact Clarence about their wedding plans and get along with it. 
Leaving the Mashams in this limbo was so unfair! 
It could be a large society wedding, too, now, that there was the money to pay for it. 
Isobel found herself wondering what to do now. She tapped her fingers on the table in front of her, and vaguely looked around the room, as though the answers were hidden in the lithographs on the walls. 
She’d been shown clearly that she’d lost all rights to dictate Heather’s every move. She’d also, what was more irritating, lost the income that she’d been receiving for years from the estate – that vanished after Heather had gone to see the solicitor. Isobel had been forced to rely on her own money – granted her income was very comfortable, but the extra payment had certainly allowed her to live a lifestyle she’d very much enjoyed. She’d also been squirreling money away to top up her savings for years, and now had a very respectable amount earning interest for her.
Well. Nothing solved itself by just thinking about it.
She got up from the breakfast table, determined to make plans for the wedding. The date must finally be set, the invitation list could be amended now that there was more money to invite more people. It would have to be in London, of course. Heather would have to come back and stay and be fitted for her trousseau and bride clothes here. 
Now, would Isobel continue to live in this house afterwards? She frowned, eyes flicking around her as she walked into the hallway and into the study where all the household accounts were now kept.
Why not, indeed – this house was in a good part of town, very comfortable, and certainly large enough for her. She was close to her social commitments here. Though she might redecorate her parlour and bedroom and get some more servants. 
She had grudgingly replaced Ellie once it became clear that Ellie wasn’t coming back in a hurry. She’d even more grudgingly had to organized a housekeeper to replace Heather, who had managed the household accounts and dealt with all the troubles and strife that parlour maid, cook, scullery maid and laundress could cause.
Oh, did Isobel resent spending money on a housekeeper! But one had to do what one had to do, and she grudgingly admitted to herself that Heather had been excellent at the task.
She sat down at her desk and sighed as she looked at the household accounts that needed doing. She’d give them to the housekeeper to do but her distrust of letting money matters out of her hands made that impossible.
Well, at any event, she’d definitely stay in London. It was full of action, nothing happened in the country, ever! 
She didn’t mind visiting, but had no desire to live permanently at the country. She had visited The Groves when she’d first married her husband – it had been an impressive country house with lovely gardens. The sort of place you could retire to in the summer months and have friends to visit you…now, there was a plan indeed! Hosting a gentry party in a country house.
It was time to take matters into her own hands. If Heather wasn’t communicating, it was time to go and visit The Groves!
She began to make of list of preparations for a trip to the country.
*
Clarence had been somewhat cosseted since childhood. His mother, although she was very controlling of him, had also doted on him. He had never really minded as he rather liked being spoiled, he assumed this was the right way of things. His real father he had never known, though he had great respect for his stepfather Masham. Heather he had considered to be a cousin, part of his life, someone to talk to, who was always just there; but not worth the time to think too much about, if he had thought of her at all. 
His mother’s pronouncement that he should ask Heather to marry him came as a surprise, but after a little thought, he’d agreed. Heather was pretty, clever, and he’d known her all his life. It was hard to understand women, and Heather seemed as good as any other of his acquaintances to take for a wife. Also, he did not need to court her – or even ask her to marry him, something he was unsure how to do. He gratefully allowed Isobel to do the ground work for him.
It seemed all very easy.
Clarence had spent a long time cooling the temper that had so surprised him when he discovered his mother’s duplicity. A temper that caused him to be icily polite to his mother, who was horrified at the change in her son. But he had always been so willing to tell her all his doings, and arrange his life...she was finding it very difficult these days to get an answer from him as to where he was going for the evening. 
It was a number of months before Clarence was able to arrange to take a leave of absence from the business. There always seemed to be an emergency that required his urgent attention.
Besides…he thought it best to leave Heather to sort herself out before he presented himself to her. He felt honourably bound to maintain the engagement; but he also underwent the realization that he did not love Heather as a man should love his future wife. He wanted to spend time undoing the wrongs wrought on her by Isobel, beside her as her husband. 
However, the lack of any correspondence between them disturbed him.
Finally, after receiving no reply from his letter to her, he booked passage on the stage coach which would take him to the village next to Heather’s estate. 
His mother insisted on coming with him to meet Heather.
“I’m going by stage, it’s not going to be comfortable,” he told her shortly, shrugging his shoulders. If she wanted to come, fine and good. If she thought she had any control over him she would soon realise how mistaken she was. 
They undertook the journey, both rugged up for the trip ahead. The roads were rough, and much of the trip was spent in a cold, jolting coach. For a man brought up in London, and who never travelled, Clarence found the long voyage, seated in the post chaise, remarkably uncomfortable. 
In the mostly-empty coach, he remembered of the look on his Mother's face when he had told her he was going to go and set things right with Heather. She had blinded herself to what she had done, and could not accept that there was anything that needed put right. She saw herself loosing Clarence, and blamed Heather, instead of her own behaviour. He would have to try and help her understand, after this trip was over. At the sight of her white, pinched face sitting opposite him, in the coach, he had shuddered.
What would happen when Heather and Isobel met after all this time?
Finally they got to the local village where they arranged to be conveyed to The Groves by a local carrier. The innkeeper and all the staff came and had a good look at them. Clarence felt very uncomfortable. What did they know about him here?
He would have been shocked if he’d known that the servants of the inn had gossiped with the servants from the house, and they knew of Heather’s unfortunate upbringing. While no one knew much about Clarence, they’d all heard of Isobel and everyone was keen to have a look at her!
The trip to the house seemed interminable, after the long coach trip. They finally rounded up the gravel drive and stopped. 
Bernard was immediately at the door directing the footman to open the coach door and assist Isobel and Clarence from it.
The crunch of gravel in the drive had become fairly normal lately, what with all the comings and goings of tradesfolk, and visits from the locals. 
Ellie only happened to glance out of the window by chance, as she was passing, and it seemed to her that the blood froze in her veins as she saw the two familiar figures step out of it.
“It’s them!” she gasped, surprising Mrs Hamming, who pretended she was above rushing over to the window and having a peek to see who had made Ellie go pale.
“Who is ‘them’?” she asked, on her way to the window, only slightly faster than she normally would.
“Mrs Masham and Clarence!....I wonder why they are here! OOOH, look at the trunks and baggage, it looks like they’ve come to stay!”
Both ladies peered out, one interested to see what the ogre who had kept Heather ignorant was like, one in the dawning realization that the lady she had been scared of for years, suddenly had no power over her any longer.
Bernard directed the bags and trunks be brought in, and showed the new arrivals to the afternoon parlour. He sent the footman to find Heather – she didn’t appear to be in the house but she’d not gone out that day and should be close enough. He’d offered Isobel and Clarence refreshments, which they’d accepted, and discreetly withdrew.
As he proceeded loftily towards the servants quarters (his job being done now), he looked up the staircase and saw Ellie peering down at him.
She grimaced and pointed at the closed parlour door.
He gave her a wink, and continued on his way, smiling slightly at her laughter, as he went to discuss with Mrs Hamming as to which rooms their trunks should be carried to.
Clarence and Isobel Masham sat in the parlour. 
Clarence was shifting his weight constantly, while his mother sat with a pinched, tight expression, obviously, feeling most uncomfortable. 
“She’s taking her time coming to see us,” Isobel stated, glaring at Clarence, who gulped and pretended to study a picture on the wall.
Clarence did not feel comfortable in the red leather chair in the parlour; he felt as though his stomach was full of butterflies. Heather had redecorated this room first as it was the main greeting room for guests, which is why Mrs Hamming had shown them there.
He looked around him, interested. The wallpaper with the cream and green print was light and airy, the deep mahogany furniture with the red upholstery blended nicely with it.
There were none of the fripperies that showed the room as a woman's room however it was graceful and feminine. 
A few good pictures hung on the walls. Most were sweeping landscapes, probably local, though there was a very old one of a woman in white over the mantle, a woman who reminded Clarence of Heather.
The scent of roses filled his nostrils. He noticed bowl of deep red roses on the table. He thought they were charming, but a little to simply arranged for his tastes. A few sprigs of lavender and rosemary were arranged between the blooms. The room was full of their sweet smell. He got up from the table, and was bending over to inhale the scent, when Heather entered the room.
She looked around swiftly, noticed Clarence at the table, and Isobel sitting on one of the new chairs. They were incongruous in here; incongruous in her life.
“Clarence!” she exclaimed, moving towards him, her hand held out for him to hold. 
“Heather! It's been so long...” he said, taking her hand and bending over it. He looked at her, and was startled by the change in her.
She looked much less pale and quiet, but that was not the only change. The sun had tanned her cheeks, her hair was not neatly confined and brushed to a simple coil, as she used to wear it, but was brushed in waves at the front allowed to fall in a bundled loop from a clasp at the back of her neck. Her dress was pretty and simple, and she wore it with a grace that he had never seen on her, even on the night of the ball, so long ago.
He could not know that she had hurried up to her room, and tried to make herself look tidy. 
Her hair she had decided was a mess, but had brushed and pinned it hastily.
Looking in the mirror, she had said sternly to her reflection, “You are not looking your best, girl. Why don't you ever look neat?” 
She shook her head crossly at her frowning reflection, failing to see her clear skin and bright eyes, and had raced down the stairs two at a time, ending with a little leap at the final three steps. Feeling slightly childlike, although nobody had seen her, she had straightened up and walked calmly into the parlour.
Her cheeks had a rosy glow, her face was fuller and more beautiful, and her clothes suited her own distinct style. But most of all, she looked happy. Clarence could barely keep his eyes of her round face.
She looked happier and much more content than she had during their engagement time in London. Clarence swallowed. 
“You look so well!” he exclaimed, swinging her hands slightly. Hands that had ragged fingers, and were scratched a little by the roses she had been picking. 
“Thank you!” she said, noticing his pale, tired look. “Did you have a good journey down? This time of year, the roads get so rough...”
“We made good time,” he smiled at her. “And the coach was...adequate. The sheets in the inn last night were a little damp, and I did not sleep well. And it’s so quiet here, I’m used to the bustle of the city I suppose.”
“Ah, well, the country air here should make you feel better. And hopefully the housekeeping will be better than that on the road, with damp sheets, and a smoking fireplace! The silence, well, you get used to that fast. It’s not really silent in the country, it’s just the sounds are not of humans, but of sheep, and cows, and birds!” 
They both fell silent and looked at the ground. It appeared that they had run out of pleasantries to discuss. Heather knew she’d have to do it now, so she stiffened her resolve and looked up and across at her Aunt Isobel.
Isobel Masham sat perched at the edge of one of the newly upholstered chair.
This was the woman who she had spent her entire life with, but who she did not love, or even like.
This was the woman who had bullied her, made her feel miserable, and lied to her for years about her situation. By keeping Heather’s allowance for herself, she had also stolen from her.
She’d not seen her since she was ill in London, since just before she’d opened the solicitors letter. 
What a long time ago that had been!
And now, in her presence, she didn’t feel the same as she used to. She had even lost a lot of the anger she’d felt towards her. It had just kind of…vanished. As though it was the anger of someone else that she recalled hearing about.
“You have no power over me,” she murmured softly under her breath.
“What was that?” queried Clarence.
Heather shot Clarence a brief, searching look, and he stepped back from her, startled. Then she turned to face Isobel full on in the face.
“Good evening , Aunt,” she greeted Isobel, but made no move towards her.
Isobel rose stiffly from the chair.
“Ah, Heather my dear. So nice to see you looking in such good health,” she said. 
She was being very deliberately pleasant. Heather nodded.
“Yes, thank you aunt, I’m in excellent health. The country air agrees with me”, she said.
“I’m sure it does,” smiled Isobel at her, though the smile did not reach her eyes. “I think Clarence will also grow to love the country air too, after spending his life in the city.”
Heather looked at Isobel, a smile frozen in place to hide her thoughts. Isobel couldn’t possibly be thinking that the marriage would still go ahead as arranged, could she? But there was a determined glint in the eyes of Isobel.
“Well,” Heather said, slowly, and watching Isobel closely, “I didn’t know that Clarence was thinking of moving to the country.”
“But of course, my dear,” Isobel smirked at Heather. “You couldn’t possibly expect Clarence to remain in the city while his wife stayed in the country. Unless of course you cared to purchase a town house and both stay in London for the winter season.”
“Ah, is Clarence to be married then?” Heather retorted swiftly. “You must give me the direction of his betrothed so that I might write and congratulate her!”
“Erm,” said Clarence, trying to interject waving his hands in distress.
Both women ignored him and glared at each other.
By this time Heather was gripping the back of a chair with unaccustomed force. A lifetime habit of obeying Isobel’s wishes was a hard thing to defy, but if she did not stand up and defy Isobel now, and break that ridiculous betrothal to Clarence, it would be much harder in the future.
Isobel was giving no ground. She tittered angrily.
“Now, now, my dear,” she said, her voice almost a shriek. 
“You know you and Clarence are to be married. Don’t be silly. The invitations have gone out. I have organized the wedding for next week. I have even brought you the family wedding veil to wear! I like a nice, traditional wedding!”
Heather stared at her, mouth open. She turned to Clarence, who also stared at Isobel, mouth open.
“Mother!” he exclaimed, “You didn’t tell me that! You said were coming here to sort things out with Heather!”
“Which is exactly what we are doing!” snapped Isobel. “And as soon as Heather starts to do her duty by you, and me, and do what is right and proper, we will be closer to sorting things out!”
“Duty!” exploded Heather. “Don’t talk to me of duty, Aunt! I owe you no duty!”
“You owe me a lifetime of gratitude,” countered Isobel furiously, shaking like a blancmange. “You owe me everything you had up until recently. I brought you up, I cared for you, you owe me for twenty years of my labour”.
“No. I do not,” said Heather, deliberately and slowly. She was furious.
She began to speak rapidly but clearly, staring at Isobel . 
“You spent my life time bringing me up so you could reap benefits of my allowance. You took the money that was mine and spent it. I don’t so much mind that, only you let me think that I was with you only in charity and it was your generosity. You made me work as your housekeeper, unpaid. I had less rights than the lowliest chambermaid, and many more duties. You speak to me of duty? You don’t know the meaning of the word!”
Isobel glared at her and made a move to speak but Heather held up her hand and continued.
“Then,” Heather said, warming to the theme, “You pushed me into a betrothal with Clarence when you saw the money was going to stop. It was nonsense. I do not consider myself bound to Clarence, or to you, or to anybody I don’t want to be. I’m free! I’m free of you, I’m free of obligation to you, and will not be getting married to Clarence, next week or ever.”
Isobel made a strangled noise in her throat.
“No,” said Heather, swiftly. “You can have no more to say to me. I am not interested; you have no more right to speak to me than a complete stranger – actually you have less right to speak to me than anyone. I know everything you would like to say to me and I am not interested in hearing it.”
Heather turned to Clarence, who was standing open mouthed and staring at her with surprised respect.
“I’m sorry, Clarence,” she said, more gently. “I don’t love you. If I did, it wouldn’t matter what you mother had done. But I don’t love you and you don’t love me. You should find yourself someone you care for, and for goodness sake, don’t let your mother near her until you’re firmly wed, or she’ll run without looking back!”
Clarence blinked and coughed. He refused to look Heather in the eyes, but he nodded, and his hands dropped next to his sides.
She shot a look at Isobel, who for the first time ever, seemed incapable of speaking. Isobel had her mouth open wide and seemed to be struggling for air or getting rather too much air…Heather wasn’t sure which, and she found she didn’t care.
She turned back to Clarence, who seemed to come to some sort of internal decision. He squared his shoulders and faced Heather.
Clarence smiled weakly.
“Well,” he began, “Now I will be man enough to release you from our engagement. I’m sorry, Heather, truly I am….It might have worked if…things….had been different. But I can see the truth in what you say - it won’t do at all to be continuing with it.”
Heather went over to him and reached up and gave him a sisterly kiss on the cheek. “You’ve been a brother to me, Clarence,” she said. “If I can ever do anything to help you, you only need say so”.
“That’s nice of you,” he said smiling at her, his lips tweaking. He was very close to tears. “If you need anything, you just need to ask, too.”
“You will need to come and stay…soon…later…”
He nodded.
They were interrupted by a shriek from Isobel
“NICE? This hussy is not NICE!” shrieked Isobel, finding her voice at last, stabbing her finger in the air in Heathers direction.
“She’s Ungrateful! A Hussy! An ungrateful MINX!” 
Heather shrugged and spoke without looking at her Aunt.
“Aunt Isobel, it was lovely to see you again. I will retire now, and leave you to your dinner alone, I don’t think my company is needed. Bedchamber will be prepared for you. You are welcome to stay the night but I will need to ask if you can leave as soon as breakfast is over tomorrow morning…”
“I’ll not stay one more moment in this house!” fumed Isobel, marching over to her bag and shawl which was sitting on a chair. She flung the shawl over her shoulders.
“Come, Clarence!” she commanded. “Let us leave this…place…the atmosphere is POISON!” 
She stalked to the door, turned, and stared at Heather.
“I hope you have the life you deserve,” she spat at Heather.
Clarence looked at Heather, shrugged and said “I should go with Mother…she will need me. I’m afraid she’s had a bit of a…disappointment! Don’t worry about me, it will be all right. I will write, I will also make sure the wedding guests are informed of the new circumstances”
“No you will not!” shrieked Isobel.
He turned and looked at her with an expression that checked her. She closed her mouth and stared at him as his forbidding look quelled her fury.
“Yes, I will. Good bye, Heather. Come along Mother, we will stay in the village and back to London tomorrow.”
He closed the door gently on Heather, who stood for a moment, trembling slightly with emotion. She walked over to where the brandy decanter stood, poured herself a glassful, and gulped it down.
“Oh but that’s strong!” she gasped in surprise, and sat down on the couch. She’d done it! She’d stood up to Isobel, and won!
And she was no longer betrothed to Clarence! 
The brandy going to her head, she sat for a long while, sipping at it. listening to the sounds of the luggage being strapped to the carriage, the crunch of the wheels on the drive as her relatives drove away.
She even listened to the sound of Bernard closing the door and his soft steps as he walked away, back to the servants’ quarters.
She still hadn’t untangled herself from this mess. Manfred still thought she was betrothed to Peter - she had to go and say something to Manfred about it but didn’t know exactly how to say it.
Chapter Twenty Seven
Heather sat for a while but had come no further in making a decision on how to solve her next dilemma. 
She decided to talk a walk around the garden. Being in the garden always made her feel better. Yes, that was a good idea! She needed to clear her head!
She left the house and walked into the garden.
She closed her eyes and inhaled. Crisp air, the wooden smell of evening, the shape tang of the gravel underfoot. Her other senses picked up more impressions. The birds say softly, a distant horse whinnied. Bees buzzed, searching for that last drop of pollen and nectar for the honeycombs, dripping golden and sweet, which would see them through the winter. The rustle of a light breeze in the poplars, the crumbling sound as the first leaves were torn from the trees and scattered across the ground, and the sound of footsteps down the worn stone steps.
Manfred.
She felt loath to open her eyes, wishing to drink in the scent and sounds longer, but she knew she had to open her blue eyes and turn to him.
“You have had an long day,” he said, beside her.
“Yes, I have just seen my relatives off,” she replied, forcing herself to look at him. He stood next to her, immaculate as always. His mouth smiled down at her hard and brilliant...like diamond chips set in his face. 
He was looking down at her, noting the curve of her neck, and the sweet softness of her hair, the soft blue of her eyes so like his. She returned his smile, and traced her steps back, up into the house. Outdoors in the garden was no place to have this discussion with Manfred! He was a man who belonged in a house, not in the windblown garden.
Manfred followed her into the library, and watched as she rang the bell for afternoon tea. They sat in awkward silence until the tea tray was bought. Heather poured them both tea from the shining silver pot. Her gentle hands curved around the delicate china teacup, as she bent her head over it and sipped. 
He steeled himself not to be so sentimental, and get on with the business he had come for.
“Would you have some tea? Are you hungry?” she gestured toward the table. 
“No, thank you.”
“Well, I will,” she said, suddenly ravenous, and reached for a sandwich that sat on its plate in the middle of the table. Manfred closed the distant between them with a few strides of his long, grey clad legs. 
Standing so close to her that she could feel his warmth, Heather drew her hand back, but he took up her wrist in his strong grip. He turned it, considering the teacup she held in her fingers. His eyes travelled from it to her slightly flushed face. Oh, he could read her like a book! His closeness to her was causing her to turn a deep self-conscious red. And her closeness was making his pulse beat slightly faster, too.
“I did not come here to eat, or watch you eat,” he said, and the teacup dropped to the floor and rolled drunkenly under the table. Heather bent her head slightly to follow its path at it rolled away and was lost under the table.
“I came here to see if you have concluded the…business…we spoke about last time we met.”
Manfred’s voice was harsh.
“Clarence has left, and I have made it clear to my aunt where she stands in my life,” she said evenly, “and I am feeling a bit strange - I’m hungry, I must eat something before I can have this conversation.” 
His grip was hard and did not waver. She refused to look him in the eyes and instead kept her eyes on the table.
“Please let me get another cup,” she said softly, hoping to make him release his grip. 
She felt her pulse beating against his fingers. Don't push me, she thought, panicking. She wasn't ready to make a decision, with Clarence leaving so soon, and barely a moment to herself. She could feel the iron grip of his fingers, pressing her, questioning her.
I'm not ready yet, she thought desperately.
Manfred pulled her slowly to him, standing and pulling her up as he did so, at the same time twisting her arm behind the small of her back. A wild thought filled her mind; it was too much daylight for this type of scene, it should be played out in the candlelight after dinner. She almost wanted to laugh at the thought, but held it in. 
Well, Manfred liked to dramatize. It seemed to make him feel important, through him she gained importance. She was making up for lost time! 
She was going to share this thought with him, when he bent her wrist slightly, sending a stab pain down her arm. This was not romantic! What did Manfred think he was doing?
“You are hurting me!” she said clenching her teeth. He moved her so that she was pinned against his body and the table. She tried to struggle, but he twisted her arm further so that she stopped moving. 
She felt his warmth along the length of her body, pressed to hers. Her face was still turned from him, but she could feel his hot breath on her forehead, his chest moving as he breathed harder. 
She knew her face was flushed and red. 
Her hair had become unpinned, and the light, tumbling sensation as it flowed down her back made her feel uncomfortable. She was losing her self-control bit by bit, and Manfred seemed to be gaining it.
“And you hurt me, Heather,” he said, gripping her chin with his free and forcing her to look at him. Her blue eyes met his. Hard, diamond eyes glittered into hers, his mouth a straight line, giving nothing away.
“Stop it!” cried Heather, helplessly. 
All her life she had been forced one way or the next! 
The tyranny of her aunt was over; she could not let the tyranny of anyone else take its place. She had not defiance for this physical dominance, but she knew she would not put up with it. She could not put up with it! And Manfred had no right to do this to her!
Clarity hit her. Until now, she had been torn between Manfred and Peter, seeing each of their merits, wildly attracted to both men.
But suddenly it became clear that her attraction to Manfred was mostly physical. His glorious eyes, his fashionable dress, his thick black locks.
He had never wanted her opinion, or thought she had a right to it – mere circumstance had forced him to take the role where he was not in power with her. He never gave her any chance to be herself. She was not important to him for herself!
That's the truth!, she realised, looking up into Manfred's dark, cold eyes, the fog in her mind clearing. He wants to rule me. I am nothing, I am a tool for his him, a tool he very much wants to use, and it is through me that he will gain control of The Groves! All these years as head of the estate, and I am the key to his real grip on it!
With this revelation, all the attraction that Manfred had held for her vanished. She was not afraid of him, nor did he impress her any longer. His blue eyes may glitter and mock her, but they held no true love for her, no affection, and the straight, tight mouth would never laugh out of pure enjoyment of life, or of her. She felt betrayed, that he had set himself up as so much better than everyone else, when really he was nothing. 
His eyes were cold, staring into hers. A lock of glossy hair fell over his forehead, touching his pale, beautiful cheek as he leaned towards her. He was indeed a handsome man. His body was strong, and well formed. She could feel his hard muscles pressed against her. She sighed slightly, glad to have made this revelation. And she closed her eyes to block out his face from her thoughts. Her mind was whirling; she wanted to be by herself, to congratulate herself on finally realising how close she had come...
But his grip was strong, and her arm was in pain. If she struggled slightly to free herself from his embrace, he twisted her arm a little more. And his face was dangerously close to hers. Warm, moist breath brushed over her forehead, her eyelids. It was so close to being romantic, sensual, but it lacked something...depth of feeling. That’s what it lacked! 
Manfred would never feel pure love, there would never be a moment in his life when he truly held a woman close like this from love...A slightly cold feeling trickled through her. Suppose she was mistaken in Peter as well? Would she ever find someone to love her for her, not for what she could bring him? 
Manfred was whispering soft, half words to her, or was it that she was just not listening? She stood still, poised and waiting for a chance to escape.
Manfred, misinterpreting her behaviour as submission to his will, and her desire for him, held her closer, his grip tightening, although he relaxed the twist he had given her arm. She felt the shooting pains of blood rushing through the limb, released from its bonds.
His mouth moved, pressing against her forehead as he held her in this strange embrace.
“Heather, I intend to announced our engagement soon now. I trust you have discontinued your...other…engagement?” He was smiling slightly, moving his face lips down her cheek, until they rested gently against her ear, feather soft. She had not had a moment to tell Manfred of her engagement to Clarence - he still believed that she had agreed to marry Peter. 
Well! This would be interesting.
“I've broken my betrothal, yes,” said Heather, seeing some humour in the situation, “and he has left me now.” Had she not just said goodbye to Clarence?
How long could this farcical situation continue?
“Oh, my dear Heather, you have sent him away,” breathed Manfred, eyes glittering, body hard and pressing. “I had long wanted to do that myself. However, it is now done!” 
He drew his head back and smiled at her, a smile malicious and self-congratulatory. She turned her face away. A hand caught her chin, as he turned her face to his, bending over to kiss her. She felt his hard mouth on hers, lips pressing hers, his breath on her cheek. Was he going to gloat over his “prize”? 
She pushed her arm up to his chest to try to push him away, and turned her face again from his questing lips.
He gave a short laugh and said “None of that missish modesty with me!” and caught her chin in his hand, forcing her mouth up.
He covered her mouth with his, as she said “Stop!” but his mouth on hers drowned out her words.
Oh how did she get herself into these messes?
Chapter Twenty Eight
“What a nice little scene!” said a lazy voice from the doorway. “Should be illustrated for the 'Ladies Journal'. I expect they'll give it a title...let’s see...”True love and Still Life with Spilt Tea”…
Manfred's head snapped back, and he turned to glare at Peter. His body tensed, and there was fury in his face. He clutched Heather in his vice-like grip so that she could barely breathe. She craned her head around to look at him, barely able to move in Manfred's arms. She wanted to scrub the taste of his kiss from her lips, but couldn't.
“I come over to discuss a few garden details, and I get a little romance enacted before me,” Peter said, nonchalantly wandering into the room and leaning against a chair back. 
He was wearing a clean white shirt for a change, though he had left it untucked. His pants were his normal workman's pants, well-worn and close fitting. His face held no expression, deliberate, but no passion. Heather felt a strange knot in her stomach. 
Was she about to have a revelation about Peter, too, and thus go from three suitors to none in an afternoon?
What was he waiting for? Perhaps he’d misinterpreted this scene? Manfred certainly had! She gave a choke of laughter. Her eye met with Peter’s and received a very slight eyebrow raise from him. She opened her eyes wide at him. 
Manfred did not speak. She could her his angry, shallow breathing, so close to her body.
“Though,” Peter continued thoughtfully, “ the Lady involved does not look entirely comfortable. I think that to twist of the arm of a Lady in her drawing room is possibly taking modern romance a little too far. Not to mention the unpleasantness of it all.” 
He made a gesture of his hand, as though to twist something, then shook his head as if in pure wonder.
Heather held his eyes in hers, somewhat surprised at the tactic he was taking. There was a distinct gleam in them. She allowed herself to return a twinkle at him.
Really, the situation wasn't that funny. She was feeling slightly afraid of what Manfred would do. He kept hold of her, as though Peter would whisk her away if his grip lessened.
When had she become so...breezy? 
Why was she finding this amusing? 
She had just been kissed by someone she did not even want in the same room with her, and now there was going to be some sort of argument, in which she was going to have to do a lot of explaining. Not the sort of thing that would normally be considered funny! And here was Peter merely encouraging her.
“Further,” Peter continued, seemingly oblivious to the fury in Manfred's face, “I wish to speak to the young lady in private.”
He smiled at Manfred and gestured at the door. Manfred took a long deep, angry breath. She could feel him tremble with barely suppressed violence, but also there was tenseness in his body that she wondered about. He was feeling victorious, she supposed. Master of the situation. His grip loosed on her, and he pushed her away from him roughly. The violence of his shove sent her spinning to the floor. She sprawled across the rug, and felt an exploding pain in her ankle and wrist, as she landed herself with a thud. 
“You said he was gone – well. I will see him out if he isn’t going to leave on his own,” Manfred seethed, standing over her. His face was dead white, furious, blue eyes black with towering range. She shook her head helplessly, opening her mouth, but unable to speak. The shock of the pain, and the angle of his leg, had stunned her. Good Lord, was he going to kick her? 
Both of them were gasping for breath, and Heather, hands flat on the oriental rug, could not speak in her own defence. She looked behind Manfred, and stared across at Peter. The air between them seemed to throb, electrical charge sparking between their eyes. Why was it that such a momentous look could come with such clarity, such brilliance, in such a short time? 
She leant back onto the rug, feeling the texture of the soft pile under her fingers, which were trembling slightly.
And at such moments, the little things were the ones you remembered. She breathed out and looked away. The sandwich she had dropped was lying next to Peter's feet. He slowly bent and picked it up, and placed it on the table carefully.
Manfred finally spoke, his words cutting the air. He still believed he had her, that he owned her. That he wouldn't need her authority, because she had given him hers.
“Why did you come back!” he spat at Peter. “It's over! She told you to leave--you have no right to be on this property!” 
Peter squinted into the polished wood of the table, apparently trying to see his own reflection.
“Manfred, just LISTEN for once!” cried Heather, leaping to her feet and wincing at the pain in her ankle. “Would you just be silent? Let me explain!”
She flicked the hair from her eyes, and stood as firmly as she could on her sore ankle, squaring herself for a battle of wits. She also did not want to be pushed over again.
“I do not want to hear it!” Manfred sneered at her, his beautiful face ugly and twisted, sweat dripping from his slick black hair. 
“I'll throw him out myself!” 
He made a move towards Peter, who was still considering the reflections he could see. She could see he was tense, despite that.
“Manfred, it was not Peter I was engaged to!” yelled Heather, putting as much volume into her voice as she could. “I was engaged to Clarence, my cousin, and now he's gone, and you are behaving like a fool, if anyone is to leave this property, it is to be you!”
“What on earth are you talking about?” Manfred snapped his attention at Heather, glaring at her, momentarily distracted from Peter.
“Well, if you'd just be quiet for two minutes, I'd tell you,” she continued, slightly calmer now. “You never listen to a word I say, don't accept that I have an opinion. Here it is, for all the good it would do you.” 
She took a few ragged breaths, glaring at Manfred. For once he seemed to be listening to her. Too quiet, she thought, what is he going to do next?
“Oh, I'm listening, my sweet,” he said, icily smooth.
“Right. Well, I was engaged to Clarence, my cousin. You saw him, he was here. We broke our engagement off ...because...well, we did,” she continued, defiant against the knowing leer on Manfred's face. 
“And now, I'm single, I'm free, and for better or worse, I'm the Mistress of The Groves, and I'm going to make some decisions of my own, and not be forced into anything by anyone!” 
She could not help her voice rising angrily on the last few words, and choked back the rest of her speech.
Her ankle hurt her from when she had fallen on it. She bent over and touched it gingerly – she would probably need it strapped up soon. 
“How very unfair!” she found herself thinking straightening up. 
The room was silent. She looked over at Peter. He was unmoving. Heather realised it was up to her to tell Manfred what was on her mind. 
She drew a long breath, trying to appear calmer.
“Listen, Manfred. You have to listen to me. I broke my engagement with Clarence, but it was not so that I could marry you. I don't want to marry you...”
Manfred slowly faced her. He looked as though had been stretched; his face was tense and ready to rip. If you didn't know him, he would almost look calm, smiling. But his eyes, the window to his soul, told her the true story. A soul that knew no respite, no kindness, no pity. His chest rose and fell as if he was having trouble breathing. 
He took a step closer to her, and another. If he had reached out he could have easily touched her. The fact that he kept his arms by his side made it worse, really.
“You do,” he told her. “Your body cries out for mine, Heather, as mine does for yours.” He flicked his eyes over to where Peter stood.
“And do you think I'll let you marry anyone else?” His voice was soft, pleasant.
“You are mine, in mind, and soon to be in body,” he continued. “Don't you understand that yet? What in this earth makes you think I'm willing to stand back and see you, who has no real right to be here, throwing away MY inheritance on your own whim? I’ve waited for this…so long…”
His voice became soft, insinuating. He seemed to caress her with his words. Heather felt the amazing magnetism of the man, and swayed slightly towards him, before flinching away. She shook her head. 
“Together we can rebuild this place, make it grander than ever,” he continued softly as a long white finger flicked her cheek, and rested on her neck, stroking her with light touches. Almost painfully sensual, thrilling. Heather took a step back, but with a quick stride, he was standing before her. His hand shot down to her elbow and gripped her.
“To think I thought I loved him,” thought Heather, staring up into his attractive face. Her hair was sticking to the nape of her neck, and she felt too hot inside her morning dress. Hot, uncomfortable. The headiness of the air was drowning her. His eyes bored into hers. Ambition? Lust? Hate? Emptiness? The man was a rock, an unbreakable rock.
“Tell him to leave,” murmured Manfred. “You are mine.”
He bent his head towards her mouth again. She was filled with annoyance. Why did Manfred assume that he could get his way by making love to her? Heather shot a look at Peter, standing by the table. His attitude was one of complete indifference. He had folded his strong arms over his chest; his hair dripped over and touched his cheek. She could see the sunburn on his nose, a slight smudge of grease or oil on one arm. His feet were firmly planted, he had not moved or spoken in minutes. What was he waiting for? Why didn't he say something? 
She turned her face to Manfred, and spoke with a frown, “I am not yours, Manfred. This property is mine by birth right and inheritance. You are making yourself very unpleasant. I want you to leave this room. I don’t want to ever have this conversation again.”
She had mustered up all her courage, and faced him. Their gazes locked. He dropped his arm. For a moment, she thought he would finally leave.
He drew in a breath.
“Bitch,” he said softly. “Ungrateful slut. I should have married you as soon as you arrived. Then you wouldn't dare stand up to me. I should have tamed you when I had the chance.”
Heather said, shaking, “I said to leave. Get out. It's all over, it's all gone.”
She didn't see his hand coming, but she felt it connect to the side of her face. Reeling from the slap, she jerked backwards, away from a second strike. 
Peter was already there. The moment Manfred's arm was raised to hit her, he dropped his lazy, immobile stance, and went straight for Manfred. 
A blur of white shirt and black hair, a grunt, and a muffled thudding noise, followed by a crash. 
Two bodies spun around the floor, neither showing mercy. Horrified, Heather could only stare and leap out of the way while Manfred struggled to his feet and swung his boot at Peter. Seeming to ignore gravity, Peter was on his feet again, face contorted, as his arm drove without stopping into Manfred's jaw, once, twice. 
There was a cracking noise, and someone gave an inhuman cry. It may have been Heather herself, she did not know. Her vision was blurring, the hard slap on her cheek had brought involuntary tears to her eyes. She ran an angry hand over the drops, dashing them away. Was she crying? How weak she was!
And then everything was silent, but for the heavy breathing of three people. Spinning on her good foot, Heather swirled to face the men. The picture was not a nice one.
Peter was standing over Manfred, shaking one hand as if it hurt him, the other fist still clenched tightly. He looked furious, but composed. All semblance of laziness had gone, instead stood a passionate man, chest heaving, and ready to take and respond to whatever Manfred gave him. 
Manfred was sprawled out on the same rug that Heather had just vacated, his face turned from her. There was a helpless look to him, as though he could not move. For the first time since entering the room, he had lost control of the situation. 
“Don't you know that a gentleman never hits a lady?” Peter asked the prone form on the floor, wiping his sleeve over his forehead.
We're all rather hot and bothered, thought Heather. And with reason. There's a lifetime of hate behind us here, it has to work out today or it will go on, it's got to stop here, today.
Manfred groaned and tried to sit up. He turned his body towards Heather, who noted that his eye was beginning to swell where Peter had hit him. Peter kicked at him and pushed him back down with his foot.
“Now, you heard the lady,” he continued. “She would like you to leave. And if I may be so bold to add, I want you out too. You've spent enough time trying to ruin me, and take The Groves for yourself; it's time for you to go.” 
Groans from Manfred, as he struggled to sit up. He was bleeding from the nose, and there seemed to be something wrong with his jaw. Ugly, ugly. 
Manfred rolled over, and struggled somewhat upright. For a while he sat hunched over on the floor. Heather could hear his breathing, rasping. The breathing of a man who would not accept defeat, never defeat. He awkwardly climbed to his feet, and stood against the chair. 
“It's not over yet,” he said. “I'm not going to give up. It's you or me.”
“Right,” said Peter, turning to Heather. “My love, your cousin doesn't know when to give up.”
“Oh, I know when to give up.” Manfred looked furious, ugly. “I'll go. But don't think you've won, Peter. Never think you've won.”
He turned and staggered to the door, and left the room. 
The door banged after him. 
Heather stared at it, her heart thudding against her chest. Manfred had left, because she had rejected him. Perversely, she regretted losing him altogether. Manfred had been uncomfortable, domineering, but he had been her family, and she was sorry he couldn't accept that she was the heir to the estate. Perhaps he would, one day. 
Perhaps he’d lick his wounds, and then go and marry Selina McCubbin. In time, possibly, they could build a different relationship, one built on mutual kinship, friendship? And if he didn’t want to do that, then, well, maybe she didn’t want him either.
But now there was Peter, who had been watching her intently ever since Manfred had left the room. Peter, who had come to her defence, but had waited first to see if she needed it. He accepted her independence, encouraged her to be herself. 
“Well, that's Manfred dealt with.” Her voice sounded odd to her own ears.
“He certainly has been,” was the rather short response.
They stood apart, both staring at the floor.
The air seemed charged between them.
“And I expect he won't come back.”
“You may be right there.”
“I’d be happy to be right!”
“Indeed, so would I!…but now, what will you do?”
“I suppose, now, all I have left to do is my duty to the estate,” Heather continued, her eyes lifting, twinkling them at Peter. 
He was grinning, she noticed.
“Oh, what duty is that?”
“Why, to provide an heir!”
Peter laughed, and strode towards her, arms outstretched. 
“And, my darling, I hope you don't forget your duty to yourself. You have a very clear cut duty there!”
“And what would that be?” Heather's head was lifted to Peter's, as he bent to kiss her.
“To be happy, and to make me happy,” Peter said softly, embracing her, his mouth at her ear. 
She felt a thrill run through her. Peter's fingers caressed her neck, his other hand on her back. How could she ever have thought that Manfred was the passionate one? He had been cold, cold...intent on gaining his own pleasure from her lips, not giving to her the sort of love, affection and pleasure that Peter would. 
She twined her shapely arms around Peter's back, gasped as his fingers ran through her hair. His lips covered her, filling her with delight. Her soft body seemed to mould itself against his strong, brown one. He stroked her long, loose hair, inhaled it's fragrance, murmured into her ears. 
They broke apart eventually, laughing for the sheer pleasure of being together. She knew, with all her soul that Peter was her life mate, the one who would understand her, give her the affection she wanted, and the room she needed to be herself. His tan, standing against the white of his mended shirt, stood as a reminder that he would always be the son of the gardener, a unique blend with the manners of a gentleman, and the lifestyle of the country-born. 
What a wonderful combination that was!
She turned her sparkling eyes to the table, seeing the bowl of roses. Smiling, she took a deep breath. The scent of the Stanleigh roses on the table filled her head with their heady perfume. 
“Oh Peter,” she sighed, “I am so…pleased!” 
EPILOGUE
Heather stood a moment on the steps, before entering the carriage, decked out with so many flowers that it looked like a garden. Her wedding veil of soft white lace danced before her eyes, partly obscuring her view. 
The Groves was looking its best. The days were beginning to get quite cold, the late autumn frosts thinly coating the lawns in the clear mornings. It was afternoon now, and the rich brown and reds of the dying leaves glimmered with the long rays of sunshine. The scent from the bouquet of hothouse flowers in her hand drifted up through her veil, and she felt like sneezing. 
She laughed, and turned towards the carriage. The hothouse supplied flowers throughout the year, and there were plans sitting on her desk of another hothouse, yet to be built, to be filled with exotics from all corners of the earth. She reached her hand into the carriage, where Peter caught it up.
“I should be carrying you across the threshold,” he said, sternly.
“Oh, that was in the days when the man and wife did not live in the same place before the wedding!” she twinkled at him.
“Humph. Well, I'll carry you when we get home from Italy,” he promised, taking the bouquet and tossing it carelessly into the corner of the carriage.
“First of all, you can promise to stop throwing my things around...”
“More where they came from,” he said carelessly. 
Taking her soft, round chin in his hand, he bent to kiss her cheek, then her mouth. 
“Heather, I am a lucky man today. You are a remarkable woman, and I look forward to spending the rest of my life with you.”
Heather felt the breath catch in her throat, and a hint of tears in her eyes. How her life had changed in just a few months! From an unloved, penniless orphan, to a wealthy, independent woman, with a husband who was one of the most special things in her life.
“Oh, Peter, I love you so much,” she sighed, nestling her head against his green waistcoat. He hugged her tightly to him.
“I know,” he said softly into her hair. They held tightly to each other, as the carriage drew away from the house, taking them to the beginning of a new life together, always.
*
THE END
