


The Silken Edge
(Silken Edge Series #1)
~
By Laci Paige





The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement (including infringement without monetary gain) is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.

Please purchase only authorized electronic editions and do not participate in, or encourage, the electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


Disclaimer: This book is for mature audiences only. It contains sexual content intended for ages 18 and older.

The Silken Edge
Copyright @ by Laci Paige

     Edits by E.L. Felder
Front cover design by Mina Carter

All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work, in whole or in part, in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means now known or hereafter invented, is forbidden without the written permission of the publisher.



~Dedication~
For my love.



Chapter One

"Kristy, there's someone else."
Kristy White stared at the man she'd called her boyfriend until three seconds ago. "What?" Her chest burned as if the air had been punched out of her lungs.
"Well, not exactly. Not yet." Steve laughed nervously.
"Steven, just fucking say what you need to, and start making sense. This isn't funny." Tears pricked at the back of her eyes.
He glanced around at the early evening crowd in the dark bar, as if he didn't want to look in her eyes. "No, I don't mean to make fun. Do you remember Mona from work?" His words were soft, and she could see the concern on his face.
Kristy nodded.
"Well, I love you and I probably always will, but love's not enough anymore. I want something different, something more. And I think Mona's that 'more.' I haven't explored anything with her, I promise you. I've been faithful, but I don't think I can any longer." After that, Kristy only heard bits and pieces of what he had to say.
Walking home after Steven Butcher broke the news to her, she agonized over what had gone wrong in their relationship. Ignoring the traffic whizzing by, she drifted deep in thought. She had to talk this out. Calling her best friend, she learned Sherry was down the block at their favorite local tapas bar and lounge, Stan's.
A major change was in order, Kristy could feel it in her gut. How dare he dump her after she'd devoted five years to him? And to make this decision after they'd been living together for the past two years? It was time for a makeover, and not the physical kind.
Kristy sat next to Sherry at the bar, watching those around her in disbelief. There were several tables full of seemingly normal people on the other side of the room. Sherry eyed her for a moment before she spoke. "Today's get-together is for a Munch. Once a month, members of the local kink community gather and hold a casual meeting. You're welcome to join us if you want."
She had to be kidding.
"Sorry. I promise to be quick, and I'll be back for a bite to eat." Sherry rushed over to the rather large group.
Sherry appeared comfortable and relaxed. They appeared to be ordinary people—any of them could be a mailman, grocer, or bank teller. But no, they weren't exactly normal, were they? They were all into BDSM activities, and that meant they were a bunch of perverts. Kristy shuddered, out of her element.
Attempting for the third time to read her book, she got distracted and stared at the people chatting and laughing with her friend. Finally, she put the book in her bag and headed to the restroom. Halfway there, Sherry stopped her.
"Hey, you doing all right? You can come join us if you want. We're done with business, and now people are just chatting. As I left, they were trying to figure out what they were making for dinner. You know, normal conversation." Sherry grinned at her. "I'd like for you to come meet some of them." She tilted her head.
"Not today, Sherry. Sorry." Kristy couldn't handle a conversation with anyone in that group after having such negative thoughts about them, let alone being so raw from the breakup.
Sherry frowned, her brows peeking out from beneath her fringe of auburn hair. "I'll be with you in a few. Let me say goodbye to some people."
It had been like this for months. More and more with each passing week, Sherry kept trying to push her newfound lifestyle on Kristy. It was beginning to upset her, but this was her friend and Kristy loved her, so she tried to be accepting and not judgmental about her bestie's private life.
Kristy waited, musing about how grateful she was Steven decided to come clean before having an affair with another woman. Although it was real shitty of him, he was honest when he explained he and Mona had been hot and bothered over one another for weeks. He finally asked Mona if the feeling was mutual and apparently, Mona said yes, but insisted he break up with his girlfriend before acting on anything. So perhaps Kristy owed thanks to the other woman.
Taking a deep cleansing breath, Kristy pulled out her cell and kept her promise to Steven by dialing the number he gave her earlier.
Mona picked up on the third ring. "Hello?"
"Hi, this is Kristy. Steven's girl—ah, ex-girlfriend. I wanted to let you know, things are over between us. He's all yours."
"Oh, um, thanks?" Mona sounded surprised, and yet judging by the snotty tone of her voice, she was put off by the call as well.
A man's voice rumbled in the background. How the hell did that ass get to Mona's apartment so quickly? "Tell Steven I said hello." After a distinct click and silence, she closed her phone and dropped it in her bag. "Whatever, bitch."
What a strange phone call. How had she lost Stephen to Mona? He'd always been predictable in bed. They had a routine, but they'd still had intercourse regularly. She'd heard of people who had been together for years, whose romps in the sack were few and far between. Kristy had been thankful that wasn't the case for them. She enjoyed sex and never turned it down. Steven was the one who usually said no, which should have alerted her to a problem.
No point in getting bent out of shape. Crying was not her thing; at least it hadn't been in over a decade. She used to be an emotional woman, but since she was nearing forty, she couldn't afford to, and didn't want to allow her emotions to rule her. Being upset is too exhausting.
"Sorry, that took longer than I expected." Sherry patted her arm, interrupting her reverie. "Hungry?"
Kristy was met with a pair of concerned green eyes and tried to smile at her friend. "No, but if it's all right with you, I'd rather just head home. Come with me? I don't want to be alone."
"You don't even have to ask. Let's go." Kristy stood, Sherry linked elbows with her, and they headed out.
"So, you're sure Dan is okay with you being over here so late?" Kristy unlocked the door to the house she shared with Steven.
"Yes, I'm sure he's home by now, sleeping in front of the TV with his hand in his waistband. I told him where I'd be and why. He's fine." Sherry waved her hand in the air.
"Thanks for coming over. Not like I'm going to bawl or need ice cream, but company helps." Kristy knew her longtime friend well enough to know she'd be there for her, and for that she was thankful.
"Boo on the lack of ice cream, but yay for not crying." Her friend clapped with a too-bright smile on her face. That was Sherry, always the optimist.
"Crying isn't going to fix anything. Besides, I'm not as upset as I should be. That goes to show why we were over a long time ago. I need to give up on having a relationship, I'm too old for this shit." Kristy sighed and headed down the hall with Sherry following her.
Sherry pressed her lips into a fine line. "Kristy, you aren't old. How many times must I tell you? You look great—fit, sexy, and you have a good head on your shoulders. Your perfect someone is out there."
My perfect someone? How I wish that were true. "No ice cream here, but I do have wine. Want some?"
Sherry smirked. "Thought you'd never ask." She went to retrieve glasses from the kitchen. "Hey, most of the stuff in here is his, isn't it?"
Her friend was looking around the kitchen so Kristy wandered in and leaned against the fridge. "Yeah, I need to find a new place. For now I'll sleep in the guest room. As long as he isn't bringing female friends over, I think we can be civil."
"Wow. You're something, you know that? Anyone else would want to chop his balls off." Sherry made a chopping motion.
"Nah, he was honest, and didn't cheat."
"Physically."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"He's been cheating on you for weeks now. In. His. Mind." Sherry used her pointer finger to poke herself on the side of the head, emphasizing each word.
"Shit. Guess I'll be needing a bigger glass."


Chapter Two

Near midnight, Steven drove home from Mona's. His thoughts were all twisted up about how wonderful Mona was, and why hadn't the universe paired them together before Kristy came into his life? Not that being with Kristy had been a waste of time, but their relationship wasn't quite what he thought it should be after all the time they’d been together. They were at a standstill and the sex fell flat; it was only a means to an end instead of a deeper connection.
Mona caught his eye one day while he waited for the copy machine at work. He'd seen her around the office and found her attractive, with her big brown eyes, dark hair, and creamy white skin. But that day at the copier changed things. It changed him.
He watched her raise the lid of the machine, and her paper lifted and floated to the floor. She bent over to retrieve her project, and his dick stiffened immediately at the view of her backside. All he could think of was how he would feel to be buried deep inside her.
When Mona turned to apologize for taking so long, instead of being offended, she gazed down at his obvious erection and licked her pouty red lips. From then on, the sexual tension between them revved up each day.
That's when he made the difficult decision to break it off with Kristy. His stomach twisted in knots at the thought. He loved her, but it wasn't enough, he knew deep down inside they weren't meant for each other. But before he did anything stupid, he needed to break her heart and end their relationship.
To his surprise, Kristy took the news well and offered to call Mona to let her know he was a free man.
Pulling into the driveway, he cut the engine. Replaying things in his mind, he didn't know what to expect. Guilty feelings consumed him after the explosive evening he shared with Mona.
As he approached his house, music and laughter filled his ears. Throwing the door open, he stomped to a halt. Kristy was the last person he expected to see. He figured she would've grabbed some stuff and gone somewhere else for the night.
Kristy and her friend Sherry were sprawled on the floor with empty wine bottles scattered around. Anger boiled through his veins. There he was, plagued with guilt, and she was partying it up.
The women glanced up at him and erupted in another round of laughter.
"What the fuck is this?" His tone sounded harsh even to himself. Normally he was an easygoing guy and never so much as raised his voice.
"What does it matter? You broke up with me."
"Yet, you're in my house." He glared at the mess surrounding them. "And drinking my wine."
"As if I have somewhere else to go." She spat the words at him.
"You have friends." His voice, hard and stern, sliced through the air. He'd never spoken to her that way before, but damned if he couldn't stop himself.
Kristy turned her head away. "They have lives, and I refuse to disrupt them. I'll find a place of my own and be out. Until then, the guest-room is mine. You owe me that much."
He scowled at her. "You have one week!"
Kristy shuddered and Sherry glanced sideways at her. Kristy wasn't frightened, why had she reacted?
He growled, slammed the front door, and headed to his room, slamming that door, too.
Kristy jumped at the loud sound, and she took a deep relaxing breath to calm herself.
"What's wrong, did he scare you?" Sherry's green eyes widened.
"No. That was fuckin' hot." She fanned herself with her hand. "I've never seen that side of him before. So in charge. So demanding." Her insides clenched in need. Must be the wine.
Sherry narrowed her eyes, and then they popped open. "I knew it! If you like that, you'd be a great submissive."
"I don't want to hear any more about how you and Dan are happy with your arrangement. It's too weird for me." She averted her gaze and focused on her wine glass, swirling the liquid around inside. "Nice collar, by the way." She looked up just in time to see Sherry flinch and reach up to stroke the petite choker around her neck.
"H-how did you know?"
"I'm not stupid. When you and Dan got serious in all this BDSM crap, I went online and read about the lifestyle. That's how I know it's not for me." She offered her friend a warm smile. "But if you're happy, then I'm happy for both of you."
Sherry reached out and hugged her. "Thank you."
"I think he's a good man for you or I wouldn't have stood up for you at your wedding."
"I'm sorry, forgot I was wearing my collar. I like to wear it to the meetings." Sherry tapped her fingers against her choker." For me and Dan, this lifestyle is only in the bedroom and the club. That's our arrangement, and we're both content. Aside from being his submissive during those times, I'm in charge of everyday life."
Kristy shook her head. "I know, but let's stop talking about this before I have too many visuals of you in ropes, nipple clamps, and butt plugs." She clenched her eyes tight and faked a shiver.
"Moving on...So, how about the gym?" Sherry had a glint in her eye.
"What about it? I'll be going every night after work to avoid Steven." She didn't like where the conversation was heading, and took another sip of her wine. Sherry liked to tease about the hot young gym owner.
"And for no other reason?" Sherry waggled her eyebrows.
Her mind wandered to the young man. Kristy always thought he was good-looking, and had a nice disposition. If only she were about fifteen years younger. "Oh, come on, Jake's a baby. I could be his mother." 
"If that's what you're into." Sherry winked. "But seriously, have you ever seen the way he looks at you?"
"Sherry, just stop, will you?" She smacked her friend hard on the thigh and froze as an afterthought. "Sorry, Dan should be the only one spanking you." Looking down, her pink handprint formed on Sherry's skin, she felt her cheeks getting warmer.
That caused her friend to lose it. Sherry burst into a belly laugh with tears running down her face. "Oh shit...oh shit...I can't...I can't breathe." She forced the words out through her hysterics. After a moment of watching her friend, Kristy joined in the drunken laughter.
Steven ripped his bedroom door open and glared down at them.
Kristy rolled around on the floor, writhing in laughter.
"You two! Shut it now!" he barked.
Kristy's stomach dropped at his tone and her insides fluttered in excitement.
Sherry gripped her stomach, and shouted at Steven, "I'm going home now anyway. And if you keep yelling, Kristy is gonna need to take care of business."
Kristy glared at Sherry.
"Okay, I'm leaving. I'll see you at the gym tomorrow. And don't worry; I walked over, so no driving for me tonight."
"Text me when you arrive so I know you're safe."
"I will." Helping each other up from the floor they hugged, and off Sherry went.

***

Steven watched Kristy for a moment while she cleaned up the living room. Her shapely petite frame usually moved gracefully, but the wine hindered her. Because of the distance in their relationship he hadn't taken the time to appreciate her beauty lately. Her long brown hair trailed down her back, and her brown eyes glanced at him as she attempted unsuccessfully to clean up.
Sighing, he pushed off the doorframe he'd been leaning against and began to help.
"No, no, I got it. I made the mess, I can clean it up." She flipped her hair away from her face, swaying side to side.
"It's fine. You're drunk, anyway."
"Am not." She pushed her chest out and tried to steady her body. The motion made her sway more, and she started to tilt toward the floor.
"I've got you." Steven scooped her up, holding her close. "I'm gonna put you to bed, and I'll finish cleaning."
"I'm sorry." She stroked the side of his face as her eyes fluttered with sleep.
"Don't worry about it. I don't blame you for getting smashed. I probably would've done the same."
"No, not that. I'm sorry I couldn't be the woman you needed me to be." Her eyes were sad and it broke his heart. They reached the guest bedroom and he set her down gently on the bed after flipping the covers back. Sitting on the edge, he watched her snuggle in under her blankets.
"Kristy, I was the one with the problem, not you. I didn't even try to make things work with you." He smoothed the blanket over her. "We grew apart, I guess."
From the confines of her pillow, she mumbled, "Honestly, I don't think we could've fixed things anyway, if it makes you feel any better."
"Not really." He put his head in his hands as he fought off the tears hovering at the back of his eyes.
"So, was she worth it?"
He turned his head slowly and saw the sincerity in her eyes.
"Do you want to talk about this?" He waited a long moment for her answer.
Tipping her head back toward the ceiling, she sighed. "Yes. Tell me. I need to hear it."
"Well, ah..." The lump in his throat thickened.
"Tell me, Steven. Please."
"I think, yes. We had a nice time together." He ducked his head away from her scrutiny.
"How was the sex?" She cut right to the chase.
"What! Really?" He jerked around to see her expression.
Her face was solemn. "Yes, really. I need to hear this to move on. Spill it." She sat up clumsily and rested against the headboard.
He figured she drank too much and probably wouldn't remember the conversation anyway. "I can't believe I'm going to tell you this but, it was great."
She sucked in a breath.
Damn. How could he be so tactless? "Shit, that was stupid and insensitive. I shouldn't have said anything. What the hell was I thinking?" He smacked his thighs.
Grabbing his shoulder, she patted it. "Don't worry. I asked, and I'm glad you're happy with her. Steven, I will find my happy one day."
"I hope you do." He swept his knuckles gently across her cheek. "I still care about you and always will. Can we still be friends?"
"I care about you, too. You're in my heart, and won't be easy to get you out, if I ever do. I understand about not being enough, because if I'm honest, we were over a long time ago. I didn't want to admit it to myself, but I knew."
In her eyes, he saw nothing but honesty. "So, friends, then?"
"Yes, I'd like that very much." She leaned forward and wrapped her arms around him.
He held her tight, afraid he'd never be able to hold her again.
She sniffled. "I'm gonna miss this. You give great hugs."
"Friends can still hug," he reminded her.
"Get some sleep. Sun's up soon and you have to work tomorrow."
"You too." Steven didn't let go yet.
"No. I'm taking the day off to apartment hunt." To his dismay, Kristy pulled back a little.
"About that, forget what I said earlier. Take your time and find a place that's suitable for you. You can stay here as long as it takes, if you still want to."
"Thanks. That would be helpful."
He released his hold on her and tucked her into bed once more. "Goodnight, Kristy." Turning off her light, he walked out and closed the door. Once latched, he leaned against it and let his tears flow.
She's a wonderful woman, why couldn't it work between us? God, I hope she finds someone to love her the way she deserves.


Chapter Three

Morning came too soon as Kristy woke with a splitting headache from too much wine and not enough water. Dehydration. The evidence; her cotton-dry mouth, and creases the bedding had left imprinted on her skin.
Thankful that Sherry had helped her move her things from Steven's room to the guest room, Kristy went to shower in her private bathroom.
After her shower, she headed to the kitchen in only her bra and panties and froze in surprise.
Steven stood by the counter pouring two glasses of orange juice. "Uh, good morning." He pushed a cup in her direction, gave her body a once-over, and then averted his gaze.
"Sorry, I didn't know you were here. I would've dressed." Stepping forward, she took a quick sip from her glass. "I'll be right back." Discomfort, not embarrassment at being half naked in front of him gave her pause. She wasn't his to look at anymore, but she sensed his gaze on her ass as she walked away. She took each step slowly, letting him get one last gander at what he'd never have again.
Closing her bedroom door, she dawdled to give him time to leave and tried to shake off her awkwardness over being drunk around him last night. She usually drank responsibly and never had more than a slight buzz. Thinking about their conversation from the night before, her stomach knotted when she pictured her life without him. Her nerves settled when she remembered they'd promised to still be friends. What they had together might be over, but he would still be special to her. Many years were shared together, and it hadn't all been bad.
She opened her door, and the scent of bacon and eggs tickled her nose. "Steven?"
"Yes?"
"You're still here?" She edged toward the kitchen, tucking her hair in a clip.
"I'm going in late today. I wanted to make sure you were all right. In case you hadn't noticed, I made breakfast." He gave a lopsided smile.
She stood there, mouth open, not knowing what to say, and just stared at him. Who was this man and what had he done with her ex?
"Kristy?" He walked to her and waved a hand in front of her face.
She blinked. "Isn't the point of breaking up to move on and put some distance between us?"
"Well, yes, but we're still friends. So that makes our situation a little unusual. Come eat before it gets cold." Steven headed toward the table.
She couldn't move so he came back and nudged her in the direction of the food. "I still don't get it," she mumbled.
"I confess I talked to Sherry this morning and asked her how she thought you were doing." He continued to lead her to the dining area. "I explained we were going to remain friends. She's against that decision, by the way, but we both care about you and want to make sure you're handling this okay."
"You had absolutely no right to bring her into this mess." She slammed her hand on the tabletop and walked away. Unable to let it go, she turned around and charged right back to where she left him. "What's this all about? What is it you want from me?" She jabbed her pointer finger into his chest.
"Sherry said she didn't think you were dealing with our breakup—that you were avoiding your feelings. I don't think that's healthy. Hell, I even cried." His cheeks flushed slightly with his admission.
"You did?" Her eyes popped open.
"Yes. I did." He nodded once.
Her chest felt heavy at his words, an almost painful pressure. "Sorry, I guess I'm wired different. I don't need to cry."
"At some point, it will hit you, and I want someone to be there for you. Promise me, if no one is around you'll call me."
"Whatever!" She threw her hands up in the air, and turned to leave again.
Steven stepped in front of her and grabbed her by the arms. "Promise me."
Her heart boomed in her chest. His firm hands on her and the aggressive tone he took just about undid her. She gasped in acknowledgement as wetness pooled between her legs. "I...I promise. Now let me go. I have appointments to keep today."
He hesitated a moment and then released her.
What the hell? Confused feelings swirled around inside of her.
Kristy had taken the day off from work, as an office manager she knew who to put in charge in her absence, and knew things would run just fine without her.
She viewed three apartments and none were to her liking. They were either too large, too much money, or the neighborhood wasn't decent. She gave up for the day and went to work off some of her pent-up frustration.
Entering the gym dressed in a T-shirt and shorts, she spotted the attractive young man behind the counter who Sherry always teased her about. Jake co-owned the gym, and was also a personal trainer. She'd once declined assistance from because he was too damn sexy and way too young. She didn't want to have fantasies over a near-child. However, she was feeling a little spunky and stopped to talk.
Approaching him, she was struck again by his handsome looks. He seemed like an average guy until his eyes met yours, and then he made you melt. Something about his defined facial features, neatly cropped brown hair, sparkling brown eyes, and his body made her weak in the knees. He stood about eight inches taller than her, and had a muscular build, but not like the bodybuilders who worked out in the weight room. His skin was slightly tanned from the sunny weather they'd been having. There were distinct lines of muscles along his arms and legs, and what was under his clothing had to be as defined. Her stomach fluttered at the thought.
Jake glanced at her when she came in, smiled, and turned his attention back to the health-and-fitness magazine in his lap.
"Hello."
His head snapped up at her greeting.
She wasn't surprised. She'd never actually spoken to him since joining the 24-hour gym years before. She’d just smile or say hello to be cordial.
"Good afternoon. How may I help you?" He tossed his magazine aside and gave her his undivided attention with a strikingly sexy smile.
"I'm interested in a personal trainer. I've declined the offer before, but I think it's still in my contract." She smiled warmly.
"Yes ma'am. From what I remember you have the pro-membership. That entitles you to everything we offer. Trainer included."
She didn't like being called ma'am; it made her feel older than her thirty-nine years. "Please, call me Kristy."
"All right...Kristy. Did you have anyone in mind you'd like to work with?" A boyish smile spread across his face, reminding her of his age.
"I don't know the other trainers that well. Are you available?" Her heart thundered in her chest as he typed a few keystrokes into the computer. She felt giddy. Should she be feeling guilty? No, she absolutely shouldn't. Steven was moving on with his life, and so should she. This was the first step in that process, and if flirting was that step, she was going to take it. Flirting was harmless, right?
Jake smiled. "I have a couple of early mornings and one late evening slot open this week. If you're flexible, I don't think that'll be a problem."
"I'm sure we can make it work." A swell of happiness raced through her.
"Great, I have some time. Let's do your initial assessment to see where you stand and discuss your goals."
After weighing her in, checking her BMI, and measuring her strength and flexibility, they discussed what she wanted to achieve. His hands were on her in a professional manner and she didn't once have carnal thoughts. She was proud of herself.
"I understand as we age, we lose muscle mass and bone density. I'm getting old and want to maintain a healthy body and my strength." The idea of aging had been bothering her the past few years.
Jake glanced lazily over her body. She fought not to move. "Kristy, you have a great body, and you're not old. Some of your muscles are stronger on one side than the other. We'll try to even you out and build up your core strength. How does that sound?"
"Thank you, that sounds great."
"Why don't you use the treadmill next to Sherry and walk for fifteen minutes to warm up. Then we'll hit the machines."
She did a double take and sure enough Sherry was there. How did he know her friend? Must be from the gym, she never observed the two talking though.
Once she was on the treadmill, Sherry gave her a sly smile but didn't say a word.
"It's not what you think. I thought I could use a personal trainer."
"Uh-huh. And you just happened to choose sexy Jake." Sherry continued to grin away and plugged her earbuds in before Kristy could say another word.
The machine beeped, indicating her time was up, and Jake headed over. "Ready?"
"As I'll ever be. Let's do this."
She stepped off the treadmill, looking at the ground to be sure not to trip. Glancing up, she caught a look passing between Jake and Sherry. Like they had a secret. She and Sherry had never kept anything from one another before. At least not that she knew of, but now she had to wonder.
Jake led her to the hip adductor machine to work on her hip and thigh area. He showed her how to adjust the seat and the weights. Starting her off light, he explained, "We'll add more weight and repetitions as you progress."
Jake motioned for her to sit on the bench. "Put your knees around the pads." She did as instructed, and he leaned over to grab a lever. When he pulled, the pads spread her legs. "There, that should work. Not too much, is it?"
Her cheeks went hot at having her legs spread apart, her center exposed to everyone, including Jake. "No, it's fine. Thank you." She fought to focus on her workout and not on being distracted by the ceiling-to-floor mirror before her. Part of the machine obstructed the view of her body, but she could clearly see Jake watching her. She knew her pounding heart was partly due to her exertion, and partly from Jake's attention. This was why she avoided him, too distracting.
After spending thirty minutes on machine tutorials, he took her into the aerobics room and explained how to stretch and cool down. As she bent over, her legs must not have been properly positioned, and she couldn't understand his correction instructions.
"May I?" He held a hand behind her leg, indicating he wanted to touch her.
Her skin tingled near where his hand hovered. "Of course."
His warm hand pressed against the back of her thigh to push it forward and his other hand braced her knee. "Bend a little here. You should never lock your legs."
For such a strong man his touch was soft. He was a very patient, gentle man.
Her breath hitched at the feel of his skin on hers just below the hem of her shorts. She hoped he hadn't noticed, but when she glanced into his eyes, they were seductive and inviting. Inhaling a shaky breath, she closed her eyes. "I'll try to remember that."
Boy, was she going to like working out more than ever. If this wasn't incentive enough, she didn't know what was. But not only was Jake nice to look at, he was a decent man, and the way his eyes would lock with hers, she wondered if there could be something there. That should've scared the shit out of her, but it didn't, it only made her want to learn more about him.
With her workout complete, Jake showed her the file cabinet where he would keep her folder. "Here's where you'll need to update your log on each visit to track your progress." Then they walked over to the counter to schedule a few more dates so they could work one-on-one over the next couple of weeks.
"Hey, Kristy!" Sherry called out. "I have to get going, but call me." She mimed holding a phone to her ear.
Kristy smiled and nodded.
"Bye, Jake. I'll see you later." Sherry spoke casually, and then walked out of the door.
Kristy frowned, and Jake raised his eyebrows a bit. "Is everything all right?"
"Yeah...do you know Sherry?"
He hesitated a moment. "Sure, just like I know you, from here at the gym. Why?"
"Oh, she said she'd see you later." Kristy glanced toward the door. Something didn't quite add up.
"Probably as in later when she comes back for her next workout."
"Bye, Jake. I'll See you later." She smiled as she walked away but still wondered about Sherry and Jake's acquaintance.


Chapter Four

Jake Foresman thought it was a damn good thing his shift ended when Kristy left. He waited to walk away from the counter until she stepped out of sight. Otherwise, his bulging erection might've given him away. Ever since the day she showed up at his place inquiring about a membership, he'd dreamt of working with her in the gym. He gave explicit instructions to all who worked there that she was his. To his disappointment, she declined working with a trainer over the two years since she joined, and he'd all but given up on her.
Sherry had told him of the recent breakup, and he had to assume that made Kristy want to work out more seriously. In his business, he'd seen it happen time and time again. The woman gets dumped and starts to work out aggressively for a couple of reasons—to work out the anger, stress, and frustration, or to get in shape so she could rub it in her ex's face. He couldn't be sure of Kristy's motivation, but selfishly, he didn't care.
Her request that evening came out of nowhere. He hadn't been prepared to spend time with her so close. Watching her move on the equipment, seeing her blush at some of the positions, and hearing her grunt toward the end of her repetitions, was almost unbearable. He closed his eyes at the memory. She was the most beautiful, sexiest woman he’d ever seen—and to top it off—she was a sweetheart.
Kristy obviously was unaware that Jake knew Sherry and her husband from outside the gym, namely, the local BDSM scene. From what he'd heard, Kristy was very vanilla in all aspects of life, but a man could dream. In fact, he would tonight after he took care of his raging hard-on. But first he had to meet with a few people at the local hangout.
Jake entered the club and spotted Sherry and Dan immediately. They were always a happy couple, he envied that of them. Walking over, he gave a nod and sat down with them.
They said their hellos, and she started in on him immediately. "Come on Jake, it's time. You need someone, a sub? I hate seeing you so miserable. You've been just going through the motions lately, and I can tell your heart isn't into it."
Jake sighed. "I'm not a Dom, I'm a paid Top, remember? There's a difference." He offered her a weak smile. "I don't need to dominate, but I do enjoy it."
She rolled her eyes. "Not this again. Whatever, you need a girlfriend, then. There's got to be someone out there for you." She tilted her head and paused. "Kristy's single now, and— "
Jake held up a hand. "Too soon, she just broke up with her ex."
"She'll be back on her feet in no time. Trust me, and you guys would be perfect for each other."
"Let's not push it."
At twenty-five, he was starting to feel the pressure. He wasn't a kid anymore, and he was starting to think he wanted something more out of life. Perhaps a typical family life with a wife and a couple of kids. His wife needed to be a strong woman who could take care of herself, yet kneel for him when he had a hankering.
While never a true Dom, he'd probably still want to Top whomever he ended up with in the bedroom. Although, the thought of kneeling before a strong woman suddenly had some appeal when it never had before. His stomach fluttered as he thought of Kristy being that someone standing dominant over him. Usually he was in charge—at the gym and at the club. Submitting to someone would be new territory for him. Oddly, his body relaxed as he thought about what it would be like to just let go and give up control for once, but only for her.

***

Kristy called and texted her friend, but to no avail. Sherry didn't respond. At first, thinking something horrible must have happened, she breathed a sigh of relief when she remembered Sherry and Dan could be doing their thing. As a sub, Sherry wouldn't be able to use her phone while playing. Kristy shuddered.
Steven's house was empty when she walked in. That's right, he was out with Mona. Things were quiet; an excellent time for reading. She snuggled into bed and opened her current paperback romance novel. After reading the same sentence three times, she groaned and tossed the book on the nightstand.
Maybe she should just go to the gym for a run on the treadmill, even though she wasn't on the schedule. Thinking about the gym made her tingle all over. Well, not the gym, exactly, but rather, images of Jake.
He's too young! But her body didn't care about his age. It responded to the images playing in her mind. She thought back to the hip adductor machine and how her legs were spread. What she wouldn't give to be in that position with his tongue buried inside her.
Her clit throbbed. She threw her shirt across the room, wriggled out of her cotton panties, and tossed them on the floor next to her bed. Reaching into her nightstand, she grabbed her bullet. Setting it to the lowest speed, she spread her legs and began working on her already wet folds.
She tried to shed the image of Jake from her overactive mind, but he wouldn't leave. "Fuck." Groaning, she pictured him naked, touching her, wanting her. Increasing the vibration to the medium setting, she closed her eyes and let the images come freely. Her breathing increased, and her moans echoed around the room as she teetered on the edge of orgasm.
Needing a little more to get off, she adjusted her toy to the highest setting. It wouldn't take long after that. Slowly she teased around the hood of her clit and immediately began bucking and whimpering.
Slipping her toy directly on her sensitive clit she let out a yell. "Ohhh, shit!"
She thought she heard someone but couldn't quite make out who it was, or what they were saying, and really, she didn't care. Her main goal was to shake Jake out of her mind with one big hard orgasm.
"Kristy? Are you—"
Her eyes opened before her ears could register the voice.
Steven stood frozen with one foot over the threshold of her bedroom door. His eyes were wide in surprise.
"Go away," she moaned, not stopping. They held eye contact and she didn't stop and he didn't move, but his presence had bumped the intensity down a notch. She reached up to tug and pull at her nipple while still working her nub.
Steven's face went from surprise to shock, and he was obviously turned on, judging by the bulge forming in his pants.
She squeezed out her words, panting. "Look all you want...but no touching...you're with Mona now, you can't have this."
At the mention of his new conquest he took half a step back, but didn't retreat. His throat bobbed as he swallowed.
Kristy continued to work herself and closed her eyes as her muscles started to spasm. "Oh, fuck!" Warm pleasurable waves built up from her center core and pulsed out through her sopping wet folds. Light flashed behind her eyes, and she felt as if she were flying, then she slowly came back down. Lying there, tense, she enjoyed the ripples of aftershocks. She couldn't remember ever having such a powerful orgasm from masturbating.
Once she came down from her sexual bliss, she realized Steven was gone.
Breakfast was slightly awkward. Neither she nor Steven spoke. They exchanged small shy smiles while working to prepare their own plates.
Sitting down across from one another at the small square table, they ate a few bites before Steven broke the silence.
"Sorry to walk in on you last night, but you yelled and I thought something was wrong. Your door was open."
"You weren't supposed to be home." Kristy huffed, a little more than annoyed.
"Mona didn't feel well. I left her house early." He shook his head. "I'm sorry."
"Don't worry. What's done is done." Yet, she couldn't look him in the eyes.
They ate a few more bites before Steven took a deep breath and swallowed, causing his Adam's apple to bob. "That was sexy last night. If I wasn't..." He tucked his head down to his chest. "How come you never did that for me?"
"You never asked. I've been doing it for myself for years." She hesitated for a moment. "Yes, even during our relationship. Sometimes you were lacking, so I'd finish in the shower, or after you'd left for work, and sometimes after you fell asleep." Relief washed over her for confessing what she bottled up for years.
"Really? Why didn't you tell me? I would've tried something different, or used your vibrator to finish you off, had I known." He smirked.
"I don't know, Steven. I just don't know." She shook her head, looking down at her plate.

***

Jake thought he was ready for Kristy's appointment; he had jacked off in the shower to relieve some of his sexual tension. As soon as she walked toward him, his dick stirred. She smelled sweet, freshly showered, and she rocked her new workout clothes; they hugged her petite, shapely body. Gone was her baggy t-shirt and loose shorts. Long brown hair pulled up in a ponytail hung high from the back of her head, swinging back and forth as she walked. Jake wanted to reach up and let her hair loose, to run his fingers through, or better yet, yank it hard.
She started to warm up on the treadmill as usual, and Sherry came in shortly afterward, taking the spot next to her. He thought about going over to talk to Sherry, but then he remembered Kristy questioning him last night. She had no idea he and Sherry knew one another outside of the gym and it needed to stay that way.
Jake walked around wiping down equipment and slowed his efforts when he was within earshot of the women.
"I don't know how much longer I can stay with Steven. He, ah, walked in on me. I need my own place," Kristy said.
"What do you mean he walked in on you?" Sherry tilted her head.
Kristy stepped off the belt and onto the footholds of the treadmill to lean in and whisper. "I mean, I was pleasuring myself, and he got a free show."
Jake had stepped close enough to hear her quiet voice and his dick did more than twitch. He was half hard at the erotic image of her touching herself.
"You let him watch?" Sherry shrieked.
"Shhh, I was almost done, ya know, almost there. I didn't care; I was beyond horny. Don't worry, nothing happened, and I think he walked away before I finished. Breakfast the next morning was awkward at first, but then we talked a little, and I told him he didn't satisfy me as much as he thought."
"No shit!" Sherry's eyes were huge.
"Yeah, he said had he known he would have tried different things, and used my toy on me."
"Wow, and you guys are still friends after that conversation?" Sherry scrunched up her face.
"Sure, and hopefully it will benefit his future women." Kristy's treadmill beeped and slowed to let her know her time ended. Once stopped, Kristy glanced around.
"Right here," Jake called out to her as he wiped down the machine directly behind her. "I'll be right with you. Go ahead and pull your log sheet and get started. I won't be long."
He needed a moment to calm himself before he went near her, so he could think his hard-on away. He wiped down the same piece of equipment twice and then walked to the back office to stow the cleaning products. He also required a trip to the men's room to splash cold water on his face. Looking in the mirror, he gave himself a pep talk. "Come on, you can do this. Stay focused." Other than her beauty, he couldn't figure out why he was so attracted to her. He really didn't know her that well, but there was some sort of pull. One that was strong enough to drive him crazy when he was around her. Thankfully, as a paid Top he learned to rein in his emotions, and he hoped to God he was pulling it off around her too.
Training went well; he stayed on track and didn't stray. But he wanted to, boy, did he want to. Kristy headed to the file cabinet to put her folder away and he met up with her there.
"Now that we've reached this milestone workout, how do you think your routine is going?"
"Some things I still struggle with, but a couple of the sets are easy." She closed the file drawer, and turned to face him. She took his breath away every time they locked eyes, and this time was no different.
"Let me know which one’s next time and we'll adjust them."
"All right. Thank you."
Her smile made him a little woozy. Needing more oxygen, he inhaled deeply, and then stretched to make it look like he was tired. "So, I hear you're looking for an apartment?" The crazy thought just came out of his mouth before he could think it through. It had been something on his mind since he overheard the ladies talking.
"Where'd you hear that?" Her eyes went wide.
Now it was his turn to freeze. Oh shit. "Uh, not sure, maybe I heard Sherry say something."
"Oh. Yes, I'm looking." She nodded and seemed to be deep in thought.
"I have a place. Are you interested in seeing it?" He blurted the words out faster than his brain could stop him.
Snapping from her daze, she answered him. "Sure. When's good for you?"
"Now is as good a time as any."
She peered over his shoulder most likely at the clock. "It's late. Maybe another time, but thank you."
"It won't take long. Come on." He turned away, not giving her a chance to argue, and he breathed a quiet sigh of relief as he heard her following. Walking to the door next to the office, he used a key to open it.
"Here?" She sounded surprised.
"Yep, upstairs. Right across the hall from my place." He smiled and his dick twitched again. The thought of having her so close every day made him happy. Keep it professional, Jake.
"Oh, that would be convenient to keep up with my workouts!" She seemed excited at the thought.
"One would think, but when you live here, you don't want to work out. Like the people who have exercise equipment in their homes; how many people use their treadmills as a catchall and to hang laundry on? They work out better if they remove themselves from things that can distract them."
They walked up a flight of stairs into a hallway with three doors. He stopped in front of the very first door on the right and pointed. "Here's my place."
"Wow, you have the shortest commute to work I've ever seen."
Her laughter surrounded him, and he enjoyed the sound, a lot. He grinned at her. "I dreamed of owning a gym since my awkward, gangly teenage years. I never thought the dream would come true, so now that I have it, I pour all of me into it. I eat, sleep, and breath work." He was proud of accomplishing his goals. His next goal? To get Kristy to notice him as a man.
"This is a great gym. Best one I've been to, and I've tried most within a few towns."
"Thank you." He wanted to reach out to hold her hand or touch her hair. Instead, he moved to the door across from his place, the rental.
"What's in there?" She motioned to the door next to his apartment.
"My personal gym." He held his breath and cleared his mind of what was behind the closed door. He couldn't afford to let his emotions and desires get in the way.
"Huh? Why?" Her face scrunched up in confusion.
"I saved up and built my own personal dream gym."
"Can I see?" Her eyes widened.
"Uh, it's kind of private." He hoped she didn't step toward the door and open it. She would surely run after seeing his playroom. He really needed to put a lock on that door. "So, let's see the rental."
Her attention went back to the rental across the hall.
He turned the knob and pushed it open. "The apartment is partially furnished, but I can remove anything you don't need."
"I don't have much so I could probably use whatever's in here." She walked in the room, and her mouth popped open.
The sight of her parted lips had him suppressing a groan.
"Oh, wow! This is great. I would never have imagined this was up here." Kristy walked around, taking in the contemporarily decorated apartment. "This is a style I've always liked."
She ran her fingers along the back of a chair and Jake wished those fingers were dancing across his skin.
"I can easily see myself living here."
Fantastic. That would take care of one hurdle.
After he gave her the nickel tour, he asked, "So, what do you think?"
"It's perfect. So now the question is—when is it available, and how much do you want per month?" She tilted her head.
He hadn't thought this through, just went on a whim and it was exhilarating. He didn't need to rent the place; he did better than all right financially with the gym. What the hell am I doing? Doubts started trickling through his mind. Could he survive with Kristy living so near? She was already on his mind a lot these days. If she was across the hall, he would think about her around the clock. Sure, she was beautiful and sexy, but there was more to her than that, and he wanted to learn everything about that side of her. What better way than to be neighbors?
"It's available right now, and as for the rent...you think about it and make me an offer. Oh, and there's a carport out back you can park under, with a separate entrance into my office. That way you wouldn't have to walk around to the front of the building."
"That's very generous, but you want me to bargain for the place?" She held her hands out, palms up.
"Well, I don't know your current financial situation, and I haven't really done the research on what a place like this goes for. I trust you to make an honest offer."
"Tell you what. Let me think on this, and I'll be in touch."
"Sure." He gave her a curt nod. "That sounds fine."


Chapter Five

Sherry was bragging about how wonderful her bedroom arrangement with Dan was, and all the things they were up to. Kristy downed drink after drink for something to do with her mouth other than talking about BDSM with her friend. Before she knew it, she was a little tipsy. The flashing pulsating lights of the DJ playing at their favorite local bar made her dizzy.
"Hey! You aren't listening to me anymore, are you?" Sherry snorted.
"Sorry, not my cup of tea." Kristy shook her head and swayed.
"I bet you would like a little kink in your life, and I bet I can prove it to you." Sherry lifted her eyebrow in a mysterious manner.
Enough was enough. With the slight buzz of alcohol making her brave, Kristy decided to end it once and for all. "I bet you can't prove anything, and how would you, anyway? Let's make a deal. You show me, and if I don't like it you'll never bring up kink again."
"Deal!" They shook hands on it. Sherry's lips upturned in a mischievous grin, and her attention turned to the bartender. "Hey, Stan!"
He stopped what he was doing and walked over to her. "Hello, Sherry." He wrinkled his forehead, and then lowered his voice, "You called me Stan?"
"Uh-huh." She turned to Kristy and explained, "That's a code word of sorts because I know him as someone else, in a different setting." Turning her attention back to the barkeep, she said, "My friend here wants to meet Master Jay. Is he in yet?"
Stan's face lit up in surprise and then he grinned.
Kristy shifted in her seat, suddenly uncomfortable.
"Yeah, he got in about fifteen minutes ago. Is this a virgin encounter?" He waggled his eyebrows.
Sherry made an affirmative noise while grinning. "Sure is."
"Based on your membership and status with the club, we'll allow her in as your guest for up to three visits. I'll let Master Jay know." Kristy watched as Stan walked to the phone behind the bar. When he ended the call, he gave them a thumbs-up. "Fifteen minutes," he called out.
"Thanks." Kristy forced her lips into a small smile. "The club is here?"
Sherry nodded, and then bought a bottle of water for Kristy. She gulped the full contents down out of nervousness.
"Hey, Sherry, I'm not so sure about this. I know I said I'd do it, but what will it be like? What's going to happen to me?"
"You'll have to wait and see, but don't worry. I wouldn't have you go through with this if I didn't think you'd like it, and it's safe. You'll just have to trust me."
Kristy walked with her best friend into the unknown. They stood at a black door marked "Private" near the end of the bar and waited a minute until Stan buzzed them in. Everything moved in slow motion.
The door clicked, and Sherry turned the knob and pushed the door open. Kristy hesitated above a set of steps leading down to another floor, one she hadn't known about. A sign hung on the wall in the stairwell welcoming her to Underground Decadence. Her heart pounded in her chest, not entirely out of fear, there was a little excitement mixed in.
She moved carefully down each step until she saw several doors lining a dimly lit hall, each one closed. As they reached number ten, the last room on the right, Sherry gave it a knock.
"Come in."
The voice coming through the door sounded commanding and it sent a chill up Kristy's spine. The women entered the room together. Once her eyes adjusted to the darkness, Kristy's mouth popped open. A dungeon of sorts. She'd read about this kind of place, but had never actually seen one before.
She wasn't sure what most of the contraptions were, but they didn't appear to be friendly, and her excitement died down quickly. There were ropes, chains, paddles, and odd furniture. She felt like she was being watched.
Glancing back, she saw Sherry standing next to a muscular man dressed in leathers and watching her through a black hooded mask. The mask intimidated her and her gut twisted with nervous energy.
"Are you all right?" Sherry's asked, her voice soft.
Not wanting to speak for fear her voice would waver, and then they would know that she wasn't one hundred percent comfortable, Kristy shrugged instead.
"I can stay with you if you'd like, if Master doesn't object, of course."
Master Jay shook his head. "No objections, you can stay."
Sherry cleared her throat. "Do you have any questions about the room or how things work?"
Kristy shook her head. She'd read a lot on the subject when trying to figure out her friend's lifestyle, so she was certain she knew a great deal more than the average person.
"This is a bit extreme, this room." Sherry crossed the room to join her. "Dan's and my room is vanilla compared to this, but this is the only room available. All the private and theme rooms are booked. I've never been in here before and I'm freaking out. But don't worry, Master Jay is the best. He'll take care of you, I promise. It's just a room, and you're completely in charge here."
That was a small bit of relief, and to know her friends didn't have a room like this put her slightly more at ease.
"Come here," the man ordered, his commanding voice affecting her in ways that made her nipples taut.
Her friend gave her a nudge and followed closely behind.
Kristy stopped in front of him, Sherry held her by her upper arms like she might run.
Kristy stood there staring at his chest, unable to move or breathe. He was unapproachable and yet that was as thrilling as it was intimidating.
"Let's go over a few things. In this room, you will address me as Sir, and only look me in the eyes when I command you to do so. Understood?"
Finally taking a breath, she nodded. "Yes."
"Yes, who?" he growled, and it sent tingles throughout her body.
"Oh! Sir! Yes, Sir." Her voice came out in a higher pitch.
"Better," he purred, and reached out to stroke her cheek. "Look at me." When she hesitated, he lifted her chin with a flick of his fingers.
Through his covered face, something about his coppery brown eyes seemed familiar. She tried to play back his voice in her mind to see if she recognized it, but she couldn't think clearly. There was too much going on for her to concentrate. Dropping her gaze to the floor, she gathered her thoughts.
"I hear you're curious."
"No, Sir. I'm trying to prove a point."
"And what point would that be?" The masked man crossed his arms over his chest.
"That I'm not cut out for any kind of kink...Sir."
"I see."
She could almost detect a smile in his words.
"I encourage you to ask questions. This is a learning session for you, but be sure to address me properly. I will not tolerate otherwise. If you do not, I will have to punish you...I don't plan on any resistance play, as this is your first time, but I insist on a safeword. Do you know what that is?"
"Yes, Sir."
"When I ask what your safeword is, you respond by telling me: red, yellow, or green. Red means stop and this scene will end immediately, and you can leave. Yellow means you don't want to stop but it might be too intense, in which case we will discuss what's making you uncomfortable and go from there. Green means you're enjoying yourself and want to continue. Understand?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Very well, playtime begins now."
His voice went low and husky, and it made her breath catch in her throat and her heart skip a beat.
Sherry's grip on her arms tightened and she pressed against Kristy's back, whispering, "It'll be fine. Just trust in Master to make you feel good." Kristy’s pulse slammed against her chest whether it be from fear or excitement she didn’t know.

***

Fifteen minutes earlier, Jake had received a call from Stan, also known as Master Kyle. He said Sherry had brought someone in, a first-timer. A "virgin curiosity request" as they labeled it at the club. He couldn't help but wonder if Kristy had come with Sherry. His dick jolted at the thought. Not many people knew of the exclusive underground BDSM club. It was by invitation only, and Stan wouldn't send just anyone down.
Acting as a Service Top in the BDSM scene for a few years gave him confidence. He always stayed in character, never faltered or had any issues to speak of. He was highly respected and in high demand by the regulars, but tonight he had asked his first appointment if he could switch her until later in the night. That was something he'd never done before and he hoped it wouldn't be a problem. He only did so because he was sure Kristy was the newbie virgin, and he wanted to be her first. God, that would be a dream come true. How many times had he fantasized about her in his playroom?
It was a good thing he had confidence in what he did, otherwise he might have lost it when he saw Kristy walk through the door with Sherry. It took every ounce of strength for him to hold things together. She wore a knee-length light-blue sundress and sandals. Beautiful.
He let her stand quietly and take in the room. As her eyes moved from item to item in the dimly lit room, her expression was a little stunned, but he didn't detect any fear. The moment he gave her to assess things was not only for her, but he needed the time as well. He couldn't fail her. He wouldn't.
After laying out some rules and providing some small talk, he was ready. He forcefully flicked Kristy's face up by the chin so he could see her eyes. She trembled. He loved her brown eyes. When their gazes locked, he could see so much emotion in hers. At first, he thought he frightened her by being so forceful, but her eyes dilated, and he could tell she liked it.
"I'd like to start out with a little sensation play. Not all activities in BDSM involve pain as many on the outside think. I want to share that with you. Will you allow me?" There was no way in hell he'd do more than sensation play with her during their session, he didn't want to scare her away. Jake's plan was to take things slow and easy.
"Yes, Sir."
"I don't know you, so you need to tell me what you like and don't like. You must be vocal. I'm the director, you're my orchestra, and I'll command instruments, making your body respond in song. The only way that will happen is if you're honest."
She nodded.
"Let's make music, shall we? Remove your sandals and kneel before me. Keep your head down and don't look at me unless told to." She did so willingly and seemed a bit eager. If he didn't know any better he would have thought it was her idea to visit the club. "This is all about you. You set your limits and use your safeword when needed. Remember, you're in charge here."
Kristy hesitated a moment and his heart sank. Her stare was focused on the floor before her and she remained motionless.
Then she spoke. "Sir...may I look at you?"
He took a deep breath. "Yes, you may."
She raised her chin slowly, and he could see her gaze move up from his feet to his face. He had to be careful and not think about how turned on he was to have her there. She would detect it in his tight leather pants, and he couldn't afford to let her to know she had that effect on him. Not yet, anyway.
She gazed directly into his eyes for a long moment. A flash of fear went by, replaced by longing. "Thank you, Sir. I only needed a moment."
His heart thumped in his chest. "Good. Now strip," he commanded.


Chapter Six

"Huh?" Kristy turned to Sherry who nodded in encouragement. "I...I don't think I can...Sir." Her gaze shifted from him to Sherry and back to him again.
"Sherry, go wait upstairs," he barked.
Sherry's submissiveness kicked in and she averted her eyes and bowed her head. "Yes, Master Jay, but can I ask if this is all right with Kristy, first?"
"You may." God, he prayed Kristy would stay.
She asked Kristy in a quiet voice, "Will you be all right if I leave?"
"I'll be fine." Kristy's voice trembled slightly, this had to be frightening for her, but she held firm. Proud feelings swam up around him.
"I'll be up with Stan. Come find me when you're ready to leave. And remember, this is all about you. If you don't like what's going on, you safeword and end it immediately. But I don't think that will happen with Master Jay." She gave Kristy a quick sideways hug and left, closing the door quietly behind her.
Once the door clicked shut, Kristy remained standing while looking at the floor. "Where shall I get undressed?" Her cheeks turned a lovely shade of pink.
"Right here. Now. Leave your bra and panties on." His voice turned husky at the thought of her disrobing.
She hesitated for a moment and then finally, she reached down for the hem of her sundress and pulled it slowly over her head. Once removed, she folded her dress neatly and held it out to him.
He took her outfit and placed it on a nearby chair along with the sandals she kicked off.
Standing in a pink matching bra and panty set and looking very unsure of herself, Kristy wrapped her arms around her middle. After a moment’s hesitation, she slipped them down next to her hips.
Jake walked around her slowly, taking in every inch of her flawless skin. "Beautiful." His heart skipped a beat. She was more than beautiful in his eyes. She was stunning.
"Thank you, Sir." She peeked up at him.
"Eyes down, unless I say," he reminded her. "Next time I won't tell you so nicely." He growled and her thigh muscles clenched. She likes that, huh? He made a mental note to speak more sternly to her. Walking to a table that held supplies, he selected a blindfold and some rope. He walked back to her and was pleased to see she held still with her gaze down.
Kristy inhaled a deep breath as he put the blindfold over her eyes.
"This will help enhance what you feel." Once the blindfold was in place, he took the tip of the rope and ran it gently over her shoulders, to her breasts peeking out of her bra, and along her thighs.
She shivered.
"Kneel." he commanded. She sank to her knees quickly and a little clumsily, and he smiled at her eagerness. Once she was on the floor, he placed the rope on the top of her thighs.
Her breathing quickened.
"Hands out." He continued to speak with authority, knowing it ramped her up. Kneeling, and gathering the rope, he bound her wrists.
A whimpering noise escaped from her mouth.
"Color?"
"Sir?"
"Your safeword color?"
"Green, Sir."
He smiled to himself. "Very good, you're doing well." He helped her stand and ran a hand along her back. The view caught his breath. He was thankful for her blindfold since he couldn't control himself any longer; his dick was hard.
"I'm going to lead you across the room. Don't worry, I won't let you fall." He guided her from behind with his hand on the small of her back. Once in front of a reclining leather chair covered in plastic, he placed a towel down and turned her around. "Sit."
She obeyed and eased down with her bound wrists in her lap. Once she settled in, he hit a button and the chair reclined.
"Oh! Sorry, Sir, didn't expect that."
"Don't move." He raised her hands above her head. "And if your arms grow uncomfortable or numb, let me know immediately."
She nodded.
He picked up a feather and slid it along the side of her face and down her neck to her shoulder and back up again. The next time he continued down to her chest. As the feather danced across her breasts, her breathing sped up. She was so sexy spread out and panting. He knew too late that he shouldn't have said yes to this.
Jake had always been a Top but never had a bottom of his own. As a Top at the club, he would perform for the subs' pre-negotiated gratification, and he received no sexual pleasure from the act of domination. He did, however, take pride in his ability to execute flawless scenes. Tonight, with Kristy, he enjoyed his dominance over her immensely. While this was probably the most vanilla scene he'd ever play out, his arousal spiked.
He made sure the feather traveled over every part of her exposed skin. When he trailed it between her legs, she let out a quiet moan. "Do you like that, little one?" he whispered against her ear.
She pressed her legs together and practically purred. He was pleasantly surprised that things were going as well as they were. She hadn’t bolted or used a safeword, that alone held promise and power.
He rewarded her with another pass, with the same result.
"Do not press your legs together this time," he ordered. Jake could see her muscles twitching.
Once the feather went between her legs, she slammed them together and giggled.
"You disobeyed a direct order." He grabbed her ankle and strapped it in a cuff attached to the leg rest on the chair, then secured her second ankle in the same manner. "You disobeyed and now you pay, little one."
Her body froze and the giggling ceased.
Putting the feather down, he picked up a Wartenburg wheel. He pressed the small, spiked wheel against the swell of her breast and rolled it with a slight amount of pressure.
She moaned.
"Color?" he asked.
"Green, Sir."
He trailed it around her body where the feather had been.
The device prompted her to whimper and groan when he placed it between her thighs and traced around the outline of her panties. Wetness seeped through.
"Ah, little one, are you wet?" He trailed over the fabric of her bra where her nipples hardened.
"Yes, Master Jay. Feels good. Harder, please."
His dick was painfully engorged at the sound of his name on her lips, and he wanted nothing more than to thrust inside her. Hearing her beg, he pressed harder with the instrument and she winced.
"Color?"
"Yellow, but—but don't stop." The words left her in a breathless rush.
He was merciless with the wheel. He left trails of little pale dotted welts all over her body. The contrast of her flawless skin and the marks he left almost made him explode. He put the wheel down and picked up a swath of smooth silk. He touched it to her reddened skin and she sucked in a breath.
As he ran the cloth over her breasts and her skin that was covered in glowing rosy trails, she began to tremble and moan. Her body tensed as the cloth slowly and teasingly neared her panty line. Her body gave all the signs that she was working up to an orgasm. He couldn't just let her walk out in that condition. Hell, his balls were tightening at her pleasure, and it was painful. One of them needed a release, and it couldn't be him. He had to remain professional. He put the silky material aside.
He ran his bare hand up to the apex of her thighs and stroked her smooth skin near the fabric of her panties. She was beautiful laid out with her hands above her head.
Kristy groaned and wriggled her hips as much as the chair would allow.
Taking that as an invitation, he ran his fingers gently along her lace-covered pussy.
Her mouth hung open and her heavy breathing hitched. She licked her lips and swallowed.
He made another pass over the lace, but this time he hovered over her clit and rubbed a little harder.
She whimpered and her body began to quake.
"That's it little one, come for me." She shivered, letting out a small release as his fingers worked her nub. He chuckled at how responsive she was.
"Wh-what?" she asked groggily.
"Nothing, little one. Do you want to play more?"
"Yes, Sir. Please." She moaned the words.
"Very well." He released her from the ankle cuffs and helped her up. He undid the rope around her wrists and rubbed them tenderly. "Do your arms hurt?"
"No, Sir. I forgot I had arms."
He laughed out loud, something he hardly ever did in Room Ten.
Keeping the blindfold on her, he walked her to a spanking bench where he planned to test her limits a little with impact play. She couldn't deny she was into kink now; she handled the sensation play well and said yes to more play, why not take it further? He helped her kneel on a padded shelf at the base of a table, and then bent her over at a ninety-degree angle. Turning her head to the right, he placed her cheek against the vinyl surface. Stretching her arms out to the sides, he locked her wrists into cuffs. "How does that feel?"
"A little scary, Sir."
"Color?"
"Green, maybe a little yellow."
He stood and glanced over her body, wishing he could drop his pants and shove into her from behind. A throaty groan escaped his throat.

***

Kneeling and strapped to a strange apparatus she couldn't see, insecure feelings swept through Kristy at being bent over a table with her ass sticking out. She thought about how sexy this pose would be if she was completely naked, and her nub twitched, causing a delicious tingle on her already sensitive clit. It was confusing to feel such things while doing something so dirty.
Maybe this wouldn't be too bad. Master Jay had made her feel good up to this point. Hell, he brought her to an orgasm without normal foreplay. Something about the tickle of the feather, the sharp sensations, and then the soft fabric he rubbed on her, made her get lost in herself. So yeah, she trusted him and decided to relax and take whatever he had to offer.
"My little one, you're on a spanking bench. How do you feel?"
"Okay, I guess, Sir."
"You guess or you know?" he growled.
"I know, Sir. Please spank me." She murmured the words. Where the hell had that come from? Although she was frightened at the thought of being spanked, when he spoke to her that way she knew deep down inside she wanted it, and wanted it bad. Holy shit.
Nothing happened for a long time. She wiggled her ass, and shortly after, restraints were being wrapped around her thighs startling her.
"I didn't say you could move, did I?" Master Jay asked in a quiet, menacing tone.
"No, Sir." She disappointed him, and now she was strapped in so tight she couldn't move. Her breathing picked up and her feelings wavered between arousal and fear.
"Color?"
"Yellow, Sir."
"Why?"
"I can't move. I feel trapped and I'm afraid it will hurt." Her voice shook.
He ran his hand over her back in a soothing manner and spoke softly. "I will never hurt you in a bad way, and remember all you have to do is say 'red' and I'll stop the scene immediately, remove the restraints, and you'll be free to go. No one is holding you here against your will, little one. You're in control."
She took a deep cleansing breath. "Thank you for the reminder, Master Jay."
"You're welcome." He pressed a kiss to the back of her head. Pulling away he trailed his fingers along the exposed skin on her back. "Will you be all right? I need to step out for a moment. I want you to think about how you felt before, and then you should be ready for me when I return."
"Yes, Sir."
She heard him walk to the door, open, and close it. She lay there helpless, afraid, and turned on, all at the same time. She didn't know if her heart could take the rapid beat for long; the pounding making her dizzy. Slowing her breathing, she thought about how Master Jay made her feel up to that point.
After what seemed like an eternity, the door opened and footsteps were heading her way.
"So, little one, have you had time to think?"
"I have, Sir, and I'm ready for whatever you're going to give me."
His hand massaged her ass as he pulled her panties up the crack of her ass, making them effectively into a thong, and then he smoothed his palm over her cheeks softly. Without warning he slapped her right cheek. She screeched at the suddenness, but it didn't hurt.
"Color?"
"Green, Sir. Very green." She was surprised at the rush of excitement coursing through her veins, and it felt...good.
He slapped her left cheek, rubbed both cheeks gently, and repeated the process. "Now I'm going to slap you ten times. I won't stop unless you safeword." Without a pause, he began to slap her ass cheeks hard, alternating between the two, one after another in different spots. It stung but was incredibly erotic. Her clit pulsed, anticipating each blow, and tingled every time his hand made contact.
The biting sting was almost unbearable. Almost. But she knew it would end, and she had her safeword. The last two hits were the hardest. She blew out a breath and whimpered when he stopped.
"Color?"
"Yellow. I need a break, Sir."
"There will be no more spanking."
Had she done this wrong? Why did he stop? A firm hand touched her lower back and the feel of a cool silken material met her skin again. The soft cloth on her stinging ass cheeks felt wonderful, but not as good as the fingers that suddenly danced across her clit. A hard orgasm rocked through her middle, making her toes curl, and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. Her pussy clenched and a trickle of wetness ran down her thigh.
"Ohhh." She moaned. "What the hell?"
Master Jay didn't respond. After he undid her restraints he cleaned her with a warm washcloth and applied a lotion to soothe her pink bottom. He carried her to another room and sat with her, removing the blindfold.
Pulling her back against his chest, he wrapped them together in a soft, warm blanket. Her eyes adjusted to the dim light of candles burning, and the scent of vanilla jasmine incense wafted through the air. Speaking to the back of her head, Master Jay used soft hushed tones telling her she did well and to relax. Her body shivered and she couldn't be sure if this was the comedown after her experience or something else.
As if in tune with her mind, he spoke to her, "I need to be sure you're all right before I send you off. It's all a part of aftercare. What you're feeling now is a drop in your endorphins. Do you have any questions or concerns?" He ran his fingers through her hair and caressed her side.
"No." She sighed and snuggled against him.
Startled by a noise, she jumped up and realized she'd fallen asleep. Turning around, she saw the wide-eyed man she'd been with for the evening, still dressed in his leathers and hood, sitting across the room from her.
"It's okay, little one, you dozed off. Between the stress of our session and your nerves, you were exhausted."
The cool air stung her skin. She frantically searched around for her dress while recalling her session and the things they did. Her cheeks grew warm and she wanted to run out, but she couldn't. Clad only in her bra and damp panties, she had no idea which way was out anyway, and she felt trapped.
Master Jay stood and walked to her slowly with his hands out. "Come," he demanded.
Her body gravitated toward him. How dare her body defy her?
He wrapped his arms around her and held her close.
Her cheek pressed against his hard-muscular chest and she closed her eyes as his chin rested in her hair.
"You gave me an amazing gift tonight. It was an honor to be your first experience. Thank you."
"Oh, my God." Her emotions played on her and she began to cry. "Am I a freak?" Tears rolled down her hot cheeks.
He pulled away from her. "No, little one. Why do you ask?" He wiped her tears away with his thumbs.
"Because I came after you did...things to me. Things that weren't normal." She turned her head away from him. "And what's worse, I liked them." More tears flowed.
"This is where you're wrong. It was safe, sane, and consensual. You felt good, enjoyed the things we did, and you responded to them beautifully. That's all that matters." He tucked some hair behind her ear and she nuzzled toward his hand. He cupped her cheek. "Don't be embarrassed or ashamed. You're a sexual, curious being." He pulled her back into an embrace and she shivered. "Wait here. I'll get your clothing."
He left the aftercare room, leaving her standing there deep in thought.
Speaking aloud, she said, "I still don't know what to think."
Master Jay cleared his throat and walked to her with her clothing and sandals in hand. He dropped her shoes to the floor and she stepped into them. Then he raised her dress and slipped the fabric over her head.
Raising her arms, she shimmied into the straps and let the fabric drop down around her body. Dressed and ready to go, she didn't have a sense of what to do or say.
They stood in an awkward silence.
"I guess this is goodbye." She kept her gaze away from his. Safe. She was too attached to him somehow, and if she looked at him she'd want to run into his arms and cry at the thought of never seeing him again. It was silly, really. She felt ridiculous. "Would you have me back, Master Jay?"
"In a heartbeat, little one. You know where to find me. Contact Stan at the bar and he can set up an appointment." He stepped into her personal space and ran his hands down her arms. Raising the hood off his mouth only, he leaned in and pressed a gentle kiss to her lips.
His warm firm lips melded to hers, and she wanted more. Automatically her mouth opened, but he pulled away too soon.
"Have you ever had a deep tissue massage?"
She nodded.
"They hurt yet they're good, right?"
She stared at his mouth, then lifted her gaze to his trusting eyes, but was drawn back down to his mouth again.
"Physical therapy or going to the dentist for a cleaning can also hurt yet feel good. Spanking is similar, it hurts good. When you're sexually aroused, it does things to your body. You need to learn what pleases you and how your body reacts. You'll never know if you don't try. And to do that, sometimes you need to push your limits. A Top or Dom who knows what they're doing can read your body and usually figure it out. Remember, if you go to someone else, make sure they have rules and use safewords."
"Yes, Sir. Thank you." She never considered going elsewhere, but the thought of it pulled at her heart a little and made her sad.
"Your friend is upstairs, better not keep her waiting any longer; it's been a long night. You've been down here for hours."
"What?" She looked around anxiously for the exit. He slipped his arm through hers and led her to the staircase leading up to the bar.
"Goodnight, little one." He pressed a small kiss to her temple and gently patted her ass to send her on her way. She gasped at the slight burn on her cheeks and her nub responded in earnest by throbbing. She froze, and then ran up the stairs. With her hand on the knob ready to push the door open, she took one last look toward Master Jay at the bottom of the stairs and smiled a big smile for him.
Sherry sat across the room at a table with a few people Kristy didn't recognize. Feeling shy from her kinky encounter, she settled in alone at the bar to reflect on things. As she sat, Sherry made eye contact with her, and at the same time, Stan approached.
"So, I'm guessing Jay was to your liking?"
She blushed even deeper at the thought of what she'd just done, and then nodded.
He handed her a glass of white wine and a bowl containing dried fruit and nuts. "On the house."
"Thank you."
"No, thank you."
Before she could think about that, Sherry approached her.
"So, you don't like kink, huh?" Sherry whispered in her ear. "You sure were gone a long time for someone who wasn't interested, and you certainly look satisfied."
Surprised at her friend's comment, she asked, "How long does one usually stay down there?"
"It all depends, but a newbie who isn't into kink wouldn't have been down there long at all." Sherry winked at her. "You don't have to say anything, but I can tell you liked whatever happened. You're positively glowing." She slipped onto the next barstool.
"Pure embarrassment," she mumbled.
"I know you, and that's more than you being embarrassed. You can't fool me." Sherry popped the fruit from her drink into her mouth and smiled before she chewed.
"Fine, I did like it. I like kink. Are you happy? I feel like such a freak." The words rolled out of her mouth and there was no stopping them.
Sherry pressed her lips into a thin line and turned her head.
"Oh, shit, Sherry. I'm not calling you a freak. Me, I'm the one who feels like a freak. I'm not sure what to think about what I did, and how I feel. It scares me."
"And that's normal, but I bet now that you've had a taste, you'll be back. You can't know your limits if you never explore them. That means you need to experiment to find out what floats your boat and what doesn't."
On the lonely drive home, Kristy thought about what a great best friend she had, and now that they had more in common, she bonded closer to her than ever before. Smiling, she made a detour on her way back to Steven's house. The adult superstore on the highway was open 24/7. She'd stop there and purchase a few things.


Chapter Seven

The house was dark when she pulled up. "Good." Time to try out her new things. Feeling powerful and incredibly sexy, she went directly to her room and closed the door. She showered and without dressing went to her bed where her buffet of new toys from her shopping excursion sat waiting.
Shifting the covers back, she settled on her bed. Pulling black ankle cuffs from her shopping bag, she put them on and allowed her knees to drop apart. Sinful. Sitting for a minute, she admired them against her creamy skin. Her clit responded. Hmmm, sexy.
Next to play with were a new rabbit style vibrator and a pair of leather handcuffs. She cuffed her left hand to the metal scrollwork headboard and reached for her vibrator with her right hand. Using her mouth, she twisted the knob to turn it on. The sound and sight of the clit stimulator excited her. Oh, I'm really messed up, but I need this bad.
Teasing her opening with the head of the toy, she found she was slick with wetness. With very little pressure, it slipped right in. She moaned. Pressing the button with a free finger, the bunny ears started to vibrate around her clit. Her moans were louder and stretched out longer.
"I guess Sherry finally got to you." Steven stood in the doorway, arms crossed over his chest. He spoke in a resigned voice.
"Go away!" She needed a lock on her door.
"Quit screaming and I won't come running to check on you." He spoke calmly as if she wasn't masturbating and threw his hands up like he was pissed off.
That fueled her more. She hadn't realized she was being loud. He didn't leave and she was so turned on she didn't care. She was going to play it out, and give him a show worth watching, one he'd never forget.
She was learning to loosen up, having always been so serious about things with her strict upbringing, it didn't come natural. Her parents weren't mean, they were kind and nurturing, but there were rules and etiquette to follow. Her childhood and teenaged years, weren't the kind her peers experienced, she missed out on average, everyday normal things. This upbringing might also be why she was comfortable in being submissive, and why it came so natural. She'd have to think more on that another day.
This new kinky aspect of her life might be just what she needed.
Kristy amped up the vibration and thrust her toy in and out of her wetness. The chain on her handcuffs clanked against the headboard, reminding her of her confinement with Master Jay. She snuck a peek at Steven. He was a handsome man, with hair kept neat, and a bright white smile. He didn't have an athlete's body, but he took care of himself.
He stood rubbing himself through his pants.
"Rub your cock," she ordered.
He rubbed faster, and her insides clenched at the sight, but she wanted more.
"No, take it in your hand."
Steven didn't hesitate to rip off his shirt, or to unzip. He pulled his dick free and began stroking in tune with her movements. "I hope it's okay to tell Mona about this; we aren't exclusive, yet, but..." he moaned, "...we believe in honesty."
She was feeling too good to give a shit about his prattle. "Don't come yet," she told him, ignoring his words. "I'll tell you when." A rush of power consumed her while channeling Master Jay and remembering his dominance. She could kind of get into being in charge occasionally, but deep down in her gut she knew she was a true sexual submissive. There was no denying it.
She was relentless on her journey to orgasm despite her thoughts. Just as the telltale signs hit, she took out the vibrator, pulled a leg to her chest, and smacked her still-raw ass enjoying the sting. Her orgasm started to roll from deep within, and it was going to be big. "Come now." She put her vibrator back on her clit.
Steven straightened his cock to his stomach and tugged, hard.
She whimpered.
His legs went stiff and then his hips thrust as his seed shot up his chest and stomach.
That's when Kristy pressed down on her swollen clit. The pressure sent a wave crashing through her womb, pushing her over the edge. "Oh, Sir!" she cried out, and spiraled down as the aftershocks rocked her body.
"Shit!"
They had both cried out in pleasure together. Steven's hand slowed, his come drooled down his fingers and his deflating shaft.
"Wow," she whispered, completely sated.
He took a deep shaky breath, leaning against the wall. "Yeah. Wow."
Things felt strange with Steven still standing there. She lay naked and bound to her bed while he stood there holding his wilted dick. "That was the best sex we never had." She tried to stifle a laugh and break the weird silence.
He chuckled at her and the awkward silence lifted.
"Go shower, and never come in here again. Literally."
He grinned. "I see what you did there—nice play on words. And stop screaming, then I won't have to check on you."
"Deal."
She released herself from the cuff, straightened, and headed for another shower. Wide-awake and full of energy she didn't know what to do with, she couldn't sit still. Unable to stay in the house one more minute, she set a plan up, and knew where she was going.

***

Heading home, Jake couldn't stop replaying the evening over in his mind. Kristy in the club was something he thought he would never see. Yet, it had been his dream since the first day he laid eyes on her at the gym.
He was in a bad way. He'd kissed her, chaste and all, but nonetheless he'd done it. He never kissed anyone in the Underground, not while on the schedule anyway.
When he returned to the gym, Roy, his night manager and co-owner, gave him a look. Jake wrinkled his brow in question, and in response Roy glanced over at the treadmills. Following the other man's line of sight, Jake almost fell over himself when he saw Kristy plugged into her iPod, running.
He wasn't prepared to see her again so soon. He made a mad dash to the office and Roy followed him.
"She came in here looking for you. There was something different about her. I don't know, but she seems more alive and confident than I've ever noticed. Something's happened, and I don't think it's her membership here at the gym."
"Roy, she came to the bar tonight." He let the words hang there.
"Yeah, so?"
"She requested a session. Down in the club."
"No shit!" Roy's mouth hung open.
"She ended up with me." Jake shook his head. "I can't ever look at her the same again. I might have to put you on as her personal trainer. I don't think I can handle myself around her."
"Did she know it was you?"
"No, she had no clue." He blew out a breath and tucked his chin down. "I wore a hood."
Roy also played and scened at the Underground, so the men would occasionally discuss the lifestyle, and Jake had once confessed he wanted to get his hands on Kristy, so Roy knew how huge this was.
A soft knock at the office door interrupted them and Roy opened it just a crack.
"Hey, I thought I saw Jake come in. I need to speak with him." Kristy sounded out of breath from her run, panting slightly.
Jake held his breath while Roy looked back at him and raised an eyebrow. Jake exhaled and then filled his lungs with air while pinching the bridge of his nose. Convinced he had to face her at some point, he nodded. "Show her in."
Roy shoved the door open and walked out.
Her fresh-from-running rosy pink cheeks appeared around the door. "Oh, there you are. I wanted to talk to you about the apartment upstairs. $800 per month and that includes all utilities. And if I could, I'd like to move in tomorrow."
She smiled and it melted his insides. The thought of the last time he saw her face flush made his breath hitch. He knew it would be a bad idea but he couldn't help himself. "Sure. I have a pickup truck. I can even help you move."
"Great. Six o'clock in the evening, then?"
"Meet you here."
She shot him the most earth-shattering smile and left.
He smacked his forehead. What have you gotten yourself into?
At ten after six, Jake paced in his office waiting for Kristy. He went to his desk and reached in the top drawer. His fingers landed on the silver swath of silk he used to caress her body the night before. He couldn't bring himself to part with the fabric. He normally didn't keep mementos of sessions, but that one was filled with emotion and meaning for him. He'd finally gotten to see Kristy's sensual side. A dream come true and he didn't want to forget it.
"Sorry I'm late." Kristy rushed into his office without knocking.
He pulled his hand out of his desk quickly and slammed the drawer shut.
Her eyebrows pulled together.
"Just catching up on paperwork." He pointed to the door. "Ready?"
"Ready!" Her eyes shone in excitement.
The drive to Steven's was comfortably quiet. They made small talk for the first half of the trip and then listened to the radio the rest of the way.
Steven was at the door when they arrived. He knew Jake from the gym and gave him a quizzical look when they entered. "Hey, Jake. What brings you by?" The men shook hands and Jake glanced at Kristy.
She gave him a weak smile. "Steven, Jake is helping me move. I found a place, and I'm moving out today. I'm sorry I didn't give you much notice, but this happened yesterday, and I haven't seen you since."
"Right now? And how is it that Jake is moving you? Are you guys together?" Steven's eyebrows shot up.
Kristy reached out and touched Steven's arm. "Yes, I'm moving now, into an apartment over the gym. Jake's my new landlord, and no, we aren't together." She laughed.
Jake's stomach dropped when she said they weren't together. Of course not, but it was in the way she said it. Like them being a couple would be bad...and she laughed. Awkward.
"Is this because of what happened last night? I didn't mean for things to get weird. You told me to stay." Steven tried to say with a hushed voice, but the words carried so Jake could hear. "Mona wasn't happy, but we talked it over, and things are good now."
Jake wondered if the ex had walked in on her again. He clenched his fists, unable to handle himself around the man who'd seen Kristy so intimately. He took a step back and loosened his fists. He wondered why he felt this way. Never had he been possessive over a woman, and that's exactly what he was feeling.

***

Kristy's cheeks warmed as both men stared at her. "Steven, no, this has nothing to do with that. Let's not discuss it now, though. It's time I had my own place. Think about it. Now you can bring Mona here instead of always going to her place, and I can have my privacy."
Steven smirked at her last comment. She shook her head.
Once her things were packed in the truck, she went in one last time to say goodbye. Jake followed quietly behind.
Steven held something out to her, it was her favorite picture frame. "Oh thanks, I can't believe I almost left this behind."
"I wasn't sure if you wanted to keep the photo so I left it in there."
The frame held a shot from their very first date at a carnival, the two of them with their heads pressed together holding up a stuffed purple cow he'd won for her. They looked so happy. Her heart sank. "I won't forget this, or you, Steven." She ran her fingertips over the picture for a moment, and then gave him a gripping hug and a soft kiss on the cheek. "I'll see you around."
He stuffed his hands in his pockets, and nodded, "Goodbye, Kristy."
On the drive back to the gym, only the radio could be heard. Kristy's mind raced with thoughts on how she left Steven's place so suddenly. It wasn't like her to do something so spontaneous.
"You okay over there?" Jake asked. "You seem a million miles away."
"I kinda feel bad how I left things with Steven." She stopped talking, but wanted to get it off her chest, and Jake seemed like a nice-enough guy. "We were in a relationship for years and he's been nothing but honest with me. I guess our breakup was mutual, but he's the one who initiated it. He wanted to pursue someone else and he didn't want to cheat on me. We'll always be friends, but I dumped this move on him without talking to him about it. That's not like me. He's still my friend, always will be, and I don't treat friends this way."
"It's never too late, you can still talk to Steven." Jake reached over and gave her shoulder a squeeze. "I'm sure he'll understand."
Her body tensed and her nub tingled at his touch. God, girl, get hold of yourself. He's just a baby.
Once at the gym, Jake parked in the back and propped open the office door for easier access. One by one they carried her belongings through the office, around the corner to the adjacent door, and up the stairs. Kristy had to stop a few times to get a drink and catch her breath.
In passing, she asked, "So I don't have to work out today, right? This is my work out?"
"Not hardly. I'll cut you some slack, though." His lips turned up at the corners.
She didn't laugh. Was he serious? She leaned against his desk watching him move with ease while carrying the heaviest box. The muscles in his arms flexed and the way his body navigated through the door and up the stairs screamed confidence and sensuality. He was certainly nice to look at. Stop it, Kristy. He's just a boy, your personal trainer, and now your landlord.
After carrying the last box up, he stood in her doorway looking at her from across the room. "Do you need help with anything else?"
"No, I'm good, thanks. I appreciate the help and I owe you gas money."
"No. Consider it a favor, or better yet, a friend helping a friend."
"Oh...all right." She walked to the door and gave him a quick hug, but not so quick she didn't notice how good he felt. "Thank you." She flashed him a smile and turned to work on unpacking. Leaving the door open, she watched him walk across to his apartment. Wow, he sure is nice to look at, and he has a damn fine body to wrap around.
After about thirty minutes, his door opened and he appeared in her doorway. She smiled at him. He stood there freshly showered, looking like a catalog model in his gym attire, a grey polo shirt with the gym logo and a black pair of shorts.
"Gotta head to work, if you need anything come find me." He thumbed over his shoulder, returned her smile, and headed down the stairs.
Grinning, she glanced at the door next to his, Jake's special gym. There was a brand new shiny deadbolt attached. "Hmm. That wasn't there before." She walked over and ran her fingers over the brass fixture. Now she was even more curious about the room.
After more unpacking, she didn't think she was ready to hit the gym, but felt like she needed it. She dressed in her new workout clothes and headed downstairs. She giggled before she pushed open the door. Man, this feels weird, home to gym in less than 30 seconds.
Disappointment washed over her when she found out she'd be working with Roy for the evening. He said Jake had errands to run. No matter, she worked just as hard for Roy. They were at it for ninety minutes and still no sight of Jake. What a letdown, but she'd see him sooner rather than later. They lived across the hall from one another, how could she not?


Chapter Eight

A full week went by and Kristy had only seen Jake a few times, mostly in passing. Was he avoiding her? She wanted to find out what was going on and put an end to it.
After work, she raced home and changed from her work clothes and into her gym outfit. She listened by his apartment door and heard nothing but silence. Heading downstairs earlier than usual, she hoped to catch him. Pushing open the door, she did a quick check around the building. He wasn't in sight, nor did she see him in the office.
Deflated, she trudged to the desk. "Hey, Roy."
"Hey there, darlin'." He treated her like one of the guys, except for calling her darlin' all the time. He was younger than her by a few years, she guessed, but he had an old spirit.
"Jake around?"
Roy scrunched up his face like he was at war with himself over something. "He's out for the night. I have you for training later."
She couldn't help but feel let down, and her facial expression probably gave it away. She tried to cover it up with a smile. "He hasn't been around much lately, has he?"
"Been a busy week for him." He smiled back warmly. "Tonight, however, he's on a guys' night out kind of thing. He needs to unwind every now and then and enjoy life. He works way too much."
"I agree." He is here a lot, and deserves a night out. I'll miss him this evening, though. "I think I'd like to work out now. Is that all right?"
"I have an appointment in fifteen minutes, darlin'. But you pretty much know your routine. I don't think we have any changes to make, but I'll check in on you. Sound like a plan?"
"Sure, Roy."
The gym was unusually quiet, with only a few people in attendance. After a non-enthusiastic workout, she treaded up the stairs. It was quiet up there, too. The faint sound of music playing in the gym made its way upstairs, not bothersome at all; she quite liked it. Being a 24-hour gym, the music played continuously and somehow soothed her.
Showered but with no plans, she thought back to what she had done the previous week. Oh, Master Jay. Her belly flamed with excitement and her pussy clenched.
She wanted to go out for the night and texted Sherry to see if she had plans, but there was no answer. Putting on her sexiest dress and strappy sandals, she headed to the bar, hoping Master Jay would be available.
The bar was hopping and she couldn't get near Stan to ask about Master Jay. Frustrated, she groaned.
"Can I get a drink for you, cutie?" An attractive young man stood well above her. Tall, dark, and lean, he had a great voice, bright blue eyes, and the perfect set of lips smiling genuinely at her.
"No. I wanted to speak to the bartender, but it looks like that won't happen." She could hear the disappointment in her voice.
"I have connections. Follow me." He winked at her, grabbed her hand, and led her to the end of the bar. They stood next to the door leading downstairs. Her heart picked up its pace at standing so close to the unassuming door.
It's funny how it never had any meaning until last week. Now, the sight of it made her heart hammer and dampness pool between her legs.
Stan looked up at the two of them but his eyes focused on her. Her cheeks warmed. He finished up with his current order and headed their way.
"Well, hello, sweetheart. Back so soon?" He grinned, and rubbed his hand over his ever-present five o'clock shadow. Stan was an older gentleman, but handsome nonetheless.
"No, well, yes. Is he in tonight?" She checked to be sure no one else heard her. Across the room, she saw Jake and a few guys standing around a table. He was scowling, and his gaze was locked on her. Surprised at his being there, she felt bad for him since he didn't seem to be enjoying himself, and it was his night out.
"Not tonight. Sorry sweetheart, but he's available." Stan nodded to the gentleman who had led her over. "I've gotta get back to work. Tell me what you decide."
She turned to the tall stranger and grinned. "You?"
The tall man ran his fingers along her arm, leaving a trail of tingles. "Yes. Me. I had nothing better to do this evening so I came in on my night off. So, what do you say? Wanna go underground?" He waggled his eyebrows and she laughed.
She thought for a moment. "I've only been once before. I'm new at this and still uncertain."
"That won't be a problem for me." His arm wrapped around her lower back and pulled her close to him. Ducking his head down, he whispered in her ear. "I'd take it slow for you, cutie." He backed her to the wall, reached down, and teasingly rubbed the globes of her ass over the fabric of her dress.
She closed her eyes and a soft groan escaped her lips. "I...I don't know."
"I know you want it, your body gives you away. What's holding you back?" He continued his assault on her body.
She wasn't going to complain. What seemed like harmless caresses to the onlooker were smoldering hot touches to her.
"Like I said, I'm uncertain." Her voice wavered.
"And?"
"And, well, I was hoping for someone else." The man didn't stop touching her. His fingers trailed along where her thighs met her ass and she could feel the moisture between her legs building.
He pushed her firmly against the door, and leaned in as if to kiss her, but spoke in her ear instead. "Ah, my loss, but if you change your mind, ask for Master Jonathan." He pressed his forehead to the top of her head and then walked away.
The noise in the bar came back into focus. For a few minutes, it seemed that only she and Master Jonathan occupied the room. Getting her breath back, she pushed off the door and Stan handed her a glass filled with white wine. She looked around for somewhere to go. Her first instinct was to go to Jake but he no longer stood with the group of men.
A chair became available against the wall and she darted toward it. When she was a few steps away from the seat, a hand wrapped around her upper arm.
"Not so fast, cutie."
"Huh?" She jerked at his touch, taken aback because she told him she didn't want him, and he was pursuing her again. Was he angry at her rejection?
"Stan told me to escort you downstairs. He has a surprise for you."
Stan nodded from the bar, but she wasn't going to give in that easily.
Jonathan sighed. "Cutie, Master Jay heard you were inquiring about him."
"Well, all right." She swigged half her wine down and let Jonathan take her to the door once again. Her stomach was a ball of nerves and excitement.
Smiling, Stan buzzed the door open for them.
Kristy placed her half-empty glass on the counter. "Let's go."
This time she ended up in Room Four, a small private room with a stand-alone closet, a desk, and a bed.
"Master Jay wants me to prepare you for him. If you agree, kneel." Jonathan's voice took on a tone of authority.
Her stomach fluttered with butterfly sensations and she dropped to her knees with thoughts of Master Jay in her head.
"Very well. You keep your gaze on the floor and address me as Sir. Understood?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Excellent. I'm glad you're here. I've wanted to do this since I laid eyes on you upstairs." He stood in front of her, squatted, and yanked her head back by her hair.
She gasped from surprise and fear.
"You have great hair." He raked his fingers through her long hair, untangling the occasional knot.
He must have sensed her fear. "What's your color?"
"Green, Sir."
He nodded. "Excellent. Now, I have a certain way I like my girls to kneel. I'll teach you in case we cross paths again. Sit up on your heels." She lifted slightly, adjusting her buttocks to the backs of her heels.
"Now sit up tall and keep your head down almost to your chest, because you may never look at me unless I tell you."
She adjusted to his liking, or so she thought.
He grabbed her hair and pulled up toward the ceiling. "Straighten your back," he commanded as he rose and stepped behind her.
She knelt up as straight as she could. It was uncomfortable, but she had a feeling she shouldn't mess around with this guy. His dominance rained down over her, but it was nothing like what she had with Master Jay. Jonathan had a completely different manner and she wasn't sure if she liked it or not.
"Hands behind you, and arch your back." He pushed his knee gently in the center of her spine.
She did as told arching her back. That was obviously what he wanted because she could see her breasts jutting out forward, looking sexy from her vantage point despite the pain.
"Very nice. Now stand and take off your clothes except for your bra and panties."
She did so without looking at him. He watched her every move and it unnerved her; she wasn't used to getting undressed in front of strangers.
"You have a lovely body."
"Thank you, Sir."
"Now, kneel."
She dropped and got into the position he'd shown her.
"Lay your hands next to your thighs with your palms facing up and wait until I tell you what to do."
A squeaking noise came from across the room. He must've opened the closet door, something that sounded like chains or metal on metal clanked together. Her heart leapt in fear. "Yellow, Sir."
The noises stopped immediately and she could hear him walk toward her. "What's wrong, cutie? I thought you wanted to see Master Jay."
"I do, but I hear chains, it's scaring me."
He chuckled. "You have no worries. The chains are harmless, but they are noisy. Stand and look at me."
She rose slowly and saw the kind man from the bar. He smiled at her and it relieved some of her tension. Then he rubbed his knuckles across her cheek and she relaxed even more.
"Stay where you are and watch." He walked back to the closet and removed a black metal bar with a cuff attached to each end, and handcuffs dangling, unattached. "See? Master Jay has asked that I put this on you. Will that be all right?" She didn't answer so he continued. "You seem to be good submissive material, and I'm sure you're confused, but you have to want to do this for your Top or your Dom. That is, if you're looking to pair up with someone, but let it be known, Master Jay is not someone who settles down."
She felt a pang of disappointment. Why does that bother me? "Can I ask you something?"
He nodded. "Shoot."
"Why do this? I mean, why do you do this? What does a Top or a Dom get from all of this?"
"Each person is different. I'm a Dominant through and through. Some do it for the rush of having power over someone, some for the money at places where they're hired help, and me personally? Well, there is nothing better in this world than setting up a scene, taking control over someone, and pushing them past their limits to another realm of pleasure they didn't know they could handle. It's very...satisfying."
"Master Jay? Is he a Dom?"
"He's mostly a Service Top. Depends on the client and their needs." Jonathan shrugged.
She pointed to the bar in his hand. "And this thing, Master Jay wants me to wear it?"
He nodded. "Yes, Master Jay wants you to wear this spreader bar. It can be very rewarding once you allow yourself to accept it."
She fell back into her submission. "Very well, Sir." She bowed her head.
"He will be pleased, as am I." He squatted and captured her first ankle in a cuff. When he looked up at her, she tried to avoid his gaze. "You may look at me, cutie. And if at any time you need to, do as you did before and tell me your color. You're in charge." She locked gazes with him and nodded.
"Spread your legs far apart." When she did, he still couldn't get the darn thing on. "More, cutie, I need more room to set this bar in place." She tried but her short legs were having difficulty. "Hang on." He picked her up and carried her closer to the bed. "Eyes on me," he said. "Just because I'm setting you up for someone else it doesn't mean we can't have a little fun. Bend over the mattress." He massaged her ass then gave it a hard smack.
A small gasp was forced from her and he gave her a few more swats. She liked it.
Jonathan stopped and turned her to face him, and then he lifted her up.
The door opened and closed. Kristy tried her damnedest not to look. Without looking directly at him, she could see that Master Jonathan's head was turned toward the door.
He gave a curt nod. Turning his attention back to her, he kissed her forehead and set her down facing the bed. "Lean over the bed, face on the mattress, and turn your head toward the headboard."
Since the other person had entered the room Master Jonathan's voice took on a whole new life. It was rough, loud, and scary.
She leaned on the bed. "Yes, Sir."
"Let's finish putting this bar on you." His foot nudged between hers, and she spread as far as she could. He tried to strap the second cuff on but to do so he had to shorten the length of the bar before he could get it fastened around her ankle.
"Color?"
"Green. It's for my Master."
"Oh, your Master, huh?" He slapped her on the ass, hard.
She jumped at the contact.
"He most certainly is not your master. Learn your place."
"Sorry, Sir."
"As well you should be." He smacked her other cheek. This time she didn't make a sound.
Master Jonathan pressed against her as he tugged her hands up above her head and handcuffed her wrists together. "Don't move a muscle."
She remained bent over the bed, feet spread, and hands cuffed. She should be scared shitless, but she wasn't. "Yes, Sir. I'm at green."
"Thank you for telling me." He remained there for a moment, and whispered, "I have to go soon, but meet me upstairs later. I'll buy you a drink." He brushed against her ass one final time, and then the warmth of his body disappeared. His footsteps crossed the room.
"Wait," Master Jay said. "Stay." Not a question, but a strong suggestion.
Master Jay. Kristy's insides went to mush at his voice. She remained still, waiting to hear what was next.
"You're not done here. Warm her ass up." The command came serious and hard. Making her quiver in need.
Footsteps headed back in her direction and hands softly rubbed her ass. "I'm going to use a flogger on you, cutie. Remember your colors. Here's what it looks like." Master Jonathan held it in her line of vision. "It's the perfect starter for beginners since its suede and soft, and I'll go easy."
"Okay, Sir."
He swatted her butt a few times gently. Somehow it was too soft. She wiggled her hips, wanting more. The touches on her skin came harder but still didn't hurt like she thought it would. A few thuds on each cheek, and one in the center of her sex, caused the over-sensitized feelings to ripple through her body. Jonathan continued his rhythm until she whined in bliss.
On her other side, the bed sank down under someone's weight. A blindfold passed through her vision seconds before it went over her eyes, and the world went dark. Two sets of hands lifted her and placed her on her back on the bed.
The flogger tendrils gliding softly all over her body caused a cold chill to run through her, and she involuntarily shuddered. Unsure of who was touching her, she didn't care. Her body started to feel things. Good things. Her heart pounded in excitement, her stomach fluttered, and her pussy throbbed in anticipation.
Someone reached down and pinched her nipples hard through her bra. She didn't move or breathe. Her nub responded instead, silently begging for attention.
"Color?" Master Jonathan asked. "I can't tell what you are thinking. If you like this, your body isn't telling and I'm hearing nothing from you. You can moan, in fact, it's encouraged, but no talking unless spoken to." He chuckled.
"Yes, Sir. I'm at green. I'd like more, please."
Master Jay chuckled this time. "Very well."
The flogger focused on her breasts, first dragging slowly and sensually over the thin fabric of her bra. Her nipples hardened after a few passes, and they became even more sensitive. She whimpered.
"That's it, little one." Master Jay encouraged.
If he liked to hear her, she would do it for him. She was at his mercy; whatever he wanted she would give. It was intoxicating.
The flogger lifted and slapped down on her chest, putting a little bite on her hardened peaks and the mounds spilling from her bra. She moaned louder and the flogger came down harder and harder, and then stopped.
"Green." She whispered into the silent air. It was amazing how into this she was, and how natural it all seemed, and it was no longer weird or disgusting as the thought it would be.
The flogger traveled up and down her body in small quick soft swats before disappearing. Finally, and almost unexpectedly, it landed and stroked over her pubic bone. The flogger lifted again and slapped down on her pussy and her nub responded with a jolt of pleasure shooting through her nerves.
She let out a rasping groan as her hips bucked forward. The scent of her arousal filled the air, and she should be embarrassed, but her body wouldn't allow it. It craved more.
She wanted to press her legs together to put pressure on her nub, but the spreader bar prevented it. That somehow turned her on more, and her clit throbbed like never before. She wanted to cry from the extreme jolt of need she experienced, but held back.
"You like that," Master Jonathan stated. "I can tell." He was breathless himself, so she identified him as the one doing the flogging.
As he continued to flog her pussy, Master Jay's hands rubbed silky fabric over the swells of her breasts. The fabric then followed her body down her to stomach and along her legs. She let loose, moaning freely, allowing the emotions and the sensations envelop her. The silk continued to travel as the flogger danced across her body.
The two at the same time pushed her over the edge and she came, and screamed, "Yes, Sir. Oh God, yes, Sirs."
"So, beautiful," Master Jonathan whispered hotly in her ear.


Chapter Nine

That night Jake had gone out with some friends to avoid seeing Kristy at the gym. It was her night to work out, and he left her with Roy again. He felt guilty, but couldn't be so close to her. Not yet. An inability to handle his emotions or physical needs around her could prove to be the end of their friendship.
At the bar, he had been casually glancing around but was thrown off when he spotted Kristy with Jonathan and Stan. She looked beautiful as always, but that outfit was stunning on her. That could only mean one thing. Shit.
She didn't belong to him but he didn't like the idea of her playing with someone else, and that's exactly why he knew she should. Kristy was new to the scene and she needed to experience different things with different people; that was typical for newbies in the club atmosphere. No matter what, though, he planned to be there when it happened.
He had his long-time friend Jonathan begin the session for him, but when he entered the room and saw her with the spreader bar being attached he almost exploded in his pants. He hadn't bothered to change from his street clothes. No hood. He couldn't let her see him, so when the opportunity came up, he'd be blindfolding her. He avoided her eyes and because of Jonathan's style, he knew she wouldn't look up, at least he hoped she wouldn't.
He sat and watched as Jonathan worked on her. Jealousy swam up around him, but he couldn't let it show. When Jonathan was about to leave, Jake wouldn't allow it. He didn't want to be alone with her. He was afraid of his feelings.
He told Jonathan to stay, and motioned for him to carry on. Jake mostly watched, occasionally rubbing Kristy with the silk fabric from their last encounter. The sight of her coming undone at their ministrations would be branded in his memory for life. It was the hottest thing he'd ever seen. He'd never actually done a scene directly with Jonathan before, but they'd watched each other perform in the past.
When the session ended, they set her body free from the cuffs and she relaxed. Not a moment later she started shivering. Both men moved in to care for her.
Leaving the blindfold on, they sandwiched her between them on the bed under a blanket. She shuddered despite their body heat surrounding her. After a while she finally warmed and fell asleep. That's when Jake decided it was the perfect time to leave.
"I have to go," he told Jonathan in a hushed tone. "I'll be upstairs."
Jonathan's eyebrows rose in surprise. "Sure, see you soon."
Jake put a hand on the doorknob to leave and took one last glance at her.
He could tell Jonathan wanted to say something, but his friend kept his mouth closed.
"Thank you," Jake said and left the room.
Jake kicked back two beers before Jonathan and Kristy appeared. Jonathan left her with Stan, everyone's favorite bartender. The man gave her a glass of white wine and a bowl of snacks along with his best and brightest smile.
Jake watched her, unable to look away. She was the sexiest thing he'd ever seen and despite her nerves she was such a natural. But he wouldn't think that now. He couldn't, or he'd have a problem.
"I've never seen you this way, man, and I don't know what to make of it." Jonathan strode up beside him, and clapped him on the back. "This one has you under her spell, doesn't she?"
Jake said nothing. He continued to watch her as she flipped her long hair over her shoulder and laughed at something Stan said.
"Easy to see why. She's not the usual type that comes in here. That alone is an attractive idea. At first I found her cute in an adorable way, but after seeing her submissive side, I see her beauty. So, I get it. I understand."
Jake nodded in agreement. She was beautiful, and he was screwed. "You know that's Kristy, right?" His stare didn't leave her until he spoke those words.
Jonathan's eyes went wide. "No way. The Kristy? The one you've talked about from the gym? No, I didn't. I'm sorry, man. Had I known...I wouldn't have taken her on tonight. I knew she requested you, and obviously has a thing for you, but—"
"If you ever came to my gym, you'd know who she was, but don't worry about it. She needed to experience someone else." He shrugged. "I'm not enough for someone like her."
What the hell was I thinking? I shouldn't have been at their session, but she wouldn't have gone if I wasn't there. She doesn't know any better. There are other people out there and she needs to try them out if she's looking for a long-term relationship or play partner. He sighed. Commitment wasn't something he knew how to do, but he'd like a shot at it one day.
"Man, don't say that. You still don't think much of yourself, do you? High school is long past. You're a different person, not that skinny, scrawny boy anymore."
Both men watched her as she snaked her way through hordes of bodies while she tried to avoid spilling her drink. There were an unusual number of people present, who had come to hear the wildly popular band that was setting up on the stage. When she got close to Jonathan and Jake, she froze. Her gaze went between the two men; looking like a scared little fawn.
Jonathan nodded at Jake, then headed over to greet her. He said something in her ear and she slowly moved forward toward the table.
"Hey, Kristy, I'd like you to meet my friend Jake. Jake, this is Kristy."
Jake smiled and shook her hand for whatever reason, and she reciprocated. "We know each other, Jonathan. She's a member at my gym and my new tenant."
"Tenant?" His voice raised an octave.
"She's renting the apartment across from mine."
"Oh." That little word, and the surprised look on his face said it all; Jonathan was onboard with how crazy all of this was.
"So, Kristy, are you staying for the band?" Jonathan asked.
"I think I'll have one more drink and head home." She held up her glass and took a sip.
"No, you won't," Jake said.
Kristy's head snapped in his direction. "What did you say?" She put down her drink and narrowed her eyes.
"You won't drive after you've been drinking! Sorry. You work hard to stay in shape. What good is that if you're dead from drinking and driving?" Kristy's disregard for her own safety made him angry.
"I'll be fine. You're not the boss of me." She retorted like a child and snatched up her drink, guzzling it down.
"Not like I'd be going out of my way to take you home, or anything," he shot back.
She wasn't being submissive to him now, and by the grin plastered on Jonathan's face, Jake knew what his friend was thinking. He glared at Jonathan.
Jake turned his attention back to Kristy. "I'm sorry. I'm tired or something. Let me give you a ride home. Please?" He reached out and touched the back of her hand.
She glanced around the room but didn't appear to be looking at anything. Keeping her gaze away from him, she gave in. "Fine, but you need to bring me back tomorrow to pick up my car."
"I'll let the bartender know you'll be leaving it behind."
"Thank you."

***

She was thankful Jake insisted on driving her home. The drinks had more of an effect on her than she wanted to admit. Walking up the stairs, her foot didn't quite clear one of the risers, and her toe caught on the edge. She stumbled and started to fall forward. She screeched, but there was no need, Jake's strong arms wrapped securely around her, pulling her back firmly against his strong chest.
"Careful, little one."
He stilled, and the second his pet name for her slipped from his lips, her world shifted.
Master Jay? Kristy didn't move or say a thing for a long moment before she turned toward him. She looked at his lips. They might've seemed familiar, but the eyes, the eyes would surely tell. She blinked and tipped her head back quickly to check. Yes, up close she could tell those were the coppery brown eyes she'd seen staring at her from the black hooded mask at the club. Her mouth dropped open and her heart thumped against her chest.
She ran the rest of the way up the stairs. Reaching her door, she fumbled with the keys. Hearing him approach from behind, she shook and dropped her key ring.
"Let me get the door for you." He spoke softly, as if trying not to frighten her.
"No, get away from me!" Overcome with embarrassment and anger, she fought back tears. Feeling betrayed, she needed to be alone, and fast.
Jake picked up her key, unlocked her door for her, then left without saying a word.
Inside, Kristy sank to the floor and cried. Her letdown after a good night was ruined, combined with the alcohol, plus the fact that the man across the hall, who she'd thought was a friend, lied to her. Well, he hadn't told her the truth, which was the same difference in her mind.
"That miserable fuck!"
Morning came all too soon, with the memory of last night screaming in her head along with a hangover. Great. Had she drunk that much? Apparently so.
She needed to text Sherry to ask her for a ride to her car. Grabbing for her cell, a knock sounded at the door. Tiptoeing toward it, she listened. At first, she heard nothing.
"Kristy, we need to talk." Jake's voice sounded calm but laced with concern. "I'll be back in half an hour to drive you to your car." Silence. "We'll discuss things then." His voice boomed through the wooden door.
She paused in the middle of her text. Did she really want to text her friend who had obviously lied to her, too? It all made sense now. The peculiar looks Sherry and Jake exchanged, the chummy relationship they had that seemed more than a gym acquaintance, and the things they'd say to each other that seemed odd to Kristy. How blind could she be? Slapping her hand against her forehead, she winced as it throbbed from the consequence of drinking the night before.
Footsteps trailed away from her door.
"I'm such an idiot to have fallen for everyone's lies." She didn't know who else to call, so she called Steven.
He came right over. As soon as she opened the door, she threw herself at him and began sobbing. He grabbed her and held her tight. "Honey, what's wrong?" He rubbed her back.
She tried to speak but it came out all blubbery. Steven walked her to the couch, pulled her on his lap, and cradled her. He stroked her hair, which calmed her down a bit. When he began trailing his fingers along her face and down her neck, she straightened and crawled off his lap to sit next to him. She didn't want to be touched that way, not when she was upset over another man, and besides he was with Mona, sort of.
"I seem to have surrounded myself with liars, but I'll get over it. I have no one else to call, and I need a ride to my car. I left it at the bar last night. Too much to drink, which probably is another reason for my emotions being out of whack."
"Not a problem, should we go now? Unless you want to tell me about the lies, but something in your eyes tells me you'd rather not discuss it."
She nodded. "Let's just get the car."
Leaving the apartment, they ran into Jake. Kristy flinched at the sight of him.
Jake stiffened and said nothing, but glanced between her and Steven, then entered his own place.
Steven looked Kristy over and shook his head.

***

When Kristy called, Steven dropped everything. Her voice sounded all wrong. Something wasn't right. He told Mona he needed to go to her. Mona didn't argue, but didn't look pleased either, judging by the pouty scowl on her face. Probably due to the masturbation sessions he'd told her about. But he and Mona weren't exclusive yet, so she couldn't complain too much about it.
He jumped up from their breakfast in bed to rush off to his ex. He could understand Mona's disappointment, but Kristy was still a friend and he cared about her, so he would just have to deal with Mona later.
When he finally saw Kristy, his heart dropped. Her face was splotchy and her eyes were full of tears. He held her and tried to talk to her, but it was no use. He knew she wasn't going to share. All he knew was she felt betrayed by her friends.
As they headed out to retrieve her car, he crossed paths with Jake, and noted the other man's reaction. Apparently, something had gone down with Jake because Kristy froze at the sight of him and the silence in the hall was uncomfortable.
When they made their way outside, he just had to know. "Kristy, was it Jake? Did he do something to you?" His stomach flipped at the pain that filled her eyes.
"No, Steven, nothing like that. We just had some words. It'll blow over." She rubbed at her temples.
"You sure? Because you can come stay with me in the guest room if need be. Mona won't mind." He led her to the car.
"I'm sure."
Steven walked around the car and slid into the driver's seat. "All right, but if you change your mind, just come over." He reached across and touched her arm, and Kristy gave him a reassuring squeeze.
The rest of the drive was quiet. When they got to her car, he helped her in and buckled her up. "Drive safe. And call if you need anything else."
"Thank you, Steven."
"You're welcome, and I mean it." He leaned in and pressed a kiss to her forehead.
He watched her drive off until he couldn't see her anymore. Kicking some rocks on the ground, he finally got in his car to head back home to do damage repair with Mona.


Chapter Ten

"Fuck, fuck, fuck." Jake sank onto his couch and dropped his head into his hands. He liked Kristy and was foolish enough to let his feelings for her cloud his judgment. He should have walked away the first night at the club, should never have taken her into Room Ten, and should never ever have offered her an apartment across the hall from his. He was certain she'd be moving out, and would probably be canceling her gym membership. Kristy would vanish from his life forever. The thought tore him apart and his heart ached, he knew at that point he was more than attracted to her, and there were real feelings involved. "What the hell did I do?"
After sitting in misery for hours, he got up. Feeling restless, he dressed in gym clothes and decided to use his personal gym rather than go downstairs. He opened his apartment door slowly in case she was there in the hallway. She wasn't, no noise filtered out of her apartment, and no light streamed from underneath her door. It was late, she'd probably gone to sleep.
Jake pulled a key from his shorts and unlocked the new lock on his personal gym. Once inside, he kicked the door closed and turned on the lights. He looked around his room at the special-order gym equipment sporting cuffs and chains. His two favorite pastimes rolled into one—a gym of pleasure and pain. Despite the room being finished for several months now, he'd never shared this special place with anyone, and loneliness gnawed at him.
He dropped his head with a sigh. His plan had been to wait and tell Kristy that he was a paid Top, but only when the time was right. It shouldn't have happened the way it did. "Fuck it, fuck this, and fuck her." He closed his eyes and moaned. "God, I'd like to fuck her, and fuck her hard." He snatched his iPod off a shelf and shoved the earbuds in. Cranking the music up loud, he walked to the mirrored wall and grabbed a set of hand weights. Closing his eyes, he began his repetitions in sync with the music.
When he opened his eyes, the mirror reflected someone behind him. He gasped. The door must not have closed behind him.
Standing just inside the door was Kristy, wide-eyed and looking around the room.
He put the weights down and turned, then leaned against the shelf and looked at her directly. Her hair was in a messy bun on top of her head, she wore a long, cotton T-shirt, and it appeared she had no pants to speak of underneath. At least he couldn't see any. Aw, hell.
When she looked his way, he took a step in her direction, but then she took a step back. He stopped and took out his earbuds. "Is everything okay, Kristy?" His voice sounded soft and gentle to his own ears.
"I...I couldn't sleep."
"Do you want to go somewhere and talk?"
She shook her head and pulled her gaze from him to scan the room. Walking slowly around, she eyed each piece of equipment, ending up at an assortment of whips, canes, floggers, and paddles lined up neatly in a recessed cove in the wall.
Jake didn't move, unsure why she was there. He expected her to run at any time, but she didn't.
She walked up to him and stood a few feet away, not making eye contact. Shifting from foot to foot, she asked, "So, this is your special gym?"
"Yes," he whispered. "I just put the finishing touches on it a couple of months ago. You're the first to see it."
She finally raised her head and looked directly into his eyes.
Holy shit. He thought he saw several things flash through them, but he was convinced the predominant one was need. His dick twitched and he slammed his eyes shut. Opening them, he saw her watching him. He clenched his jaw and relaxed it to speak. "Kristy, what is it? Did you want to talk to me about something? Are you planning to move out? Because, damn...you don't have to, but I'll tear up our rental agreement. And if you want to cancel your membership downstairs that's fine too, I will waive the cancellation fee for you...if you want."
"Jake, no. I don't want to move out. I have nowhere else to go." Looking down, she took a deep breath. "And if it's all right, I want to keep my membership." She peered up through her eyelashes.
"You do?" He couldn't help the surprise in his voice.
"Yes, and I'm the one who should be sorry. After some sleep, I woke realizing how I behaved. I'm sorry. I felt blindsided; everyone was in on it except for me. I felt stupid and embarrassed. In the club...I thought you were a stranger, but you're not a stranger, you're my friend, and I didn't handle the situation well." Her cheeks pinked up. "It's awkward for me."
Out of everything she said, the word "friend" rang loudest in his ears. There was nothing more of a dampener on the libido than hearing the word "friend" from someone you find attractive. He turned and walked to the door. Holding it open, he said, "Kristy, I'm glad you're staying, really I am, but you need to leave. Now." His voice came out husky.
If she didn't leave soon, he couldn't be held accountable for what he'd do to her, and he'd enjoy every minute.
She walked to the door, and stopping just shy of his body, she glanced over her shoulder back at the room. Glancing up at him she sighed, and with her worried brow she looked dejected.
What the fuck? What does that look mean?
"Goodnight, Kristy."
"Goodnight, Jake."

***

Kristy hurried back to her apartment vulnerable and half naked. Her heart was in her throat as she closed the door behind her. Just before the door latched, she spotted Jake's eyes burning in her direction. Was that anger? Or something else? The soft click of the door jolted her from her frenzy. She leaned against the nearest wall and slid down to the floor.
The mystery man in the hood popped into her head, but now she knew who the man was, so she replaced Jake's face for the mask. "Oh, Jake," she moaned, remembering her first time with Master Jay—his hand coming down on her ass in hard stinging slaps. The sound of his deep domineering voice, and something smooth on her skin played on repeat in her mind.
Her breath hitched and she reached up and pinched her nipple through her T-shirt. Unable to control her urges, she slid her hand into her panties and began to rub furiously. After the fastest orgasm she'd ever claimed, she sat back to calm down, feeling no relief whatsoever.
"Oh, Jake. Why do I want you so badly?" She shook her head. "You're young, and that room—I'm trying to understand it all. Really, I am."
A week went by and things were trying to settle back to normal. Jake wasn't as absent as he had been previously. Kristy remained on the schedule with Roy, though not by choice. She got more from her workouts with him anyway, because she could concentrate better. Roy was a nice-enough looking man, but not for her. She didn't fancy cowboys, and Roy was one through and through.
Going to work, working out, and attempting to sleep became her routine. Sleep was hard to come by lying in bed every night thinking about the sexy, endearing man across the hall. It caused her arousal to spike, and while masturbating became part of her bedtime ritual, she never felt sated.
Sitting in her apartment after work on Friday afternoon, she phoned Sherry and they chatted a little more about BDSM and her confused feelings.
"It just feels wrong that I would enjoy something so kinky. It's not sitting right with me."
"Then, honey, maybe kink truly isn't for you. Did you ever think of that?"
"I went back to the club a second time, and Stan hooked me up."
The other end of the line went silent for a minute. "You did?"
There was shock in her friend's voice. "I did." She breathed out the confession. Smiling, she relived the two men touching her at the same time.
"With Master Jay again?"
"Sort of." Her smile spread.
"What do you mean?"
"I started off with Master Jonathan, and then Master Jay joined us."
"That—that's unusual. No, actually it's unheard of, Master Jay only does solo scenes."
"Oh?" Not anymore. A wicked grin pulled at her lips.
"Yeah."
"I guess he was trying something new, and we weren't in Room Ten. I had a private room this time."
Apparently, Jake hadn't told anyone she knew of his identity, and Kristy wasn't sure what to think of that. So she kept it to herself.
"What did you think about Master Jonathan?"
"His style was different and exciting, but not nearly as stimulating as my first encounter. Not sure why, though." She figured she would throw something else out there and see if she could bait her friend. "Afterwards Jonathan and I went upstairs and we ran into Jake. The three of us hung out for a while." She could hear her friend suck in air, and almost laughed out loud.
"Oh...how was that?"
"Fine." And that ended that conversation, so Sherry wasn't going to give up Master Jay's identity. Interesting.
"Is it acceptable to want and enjoy different play partners?" What she shared with Jonathan weighed heavily on her mind. It probably wouldn't've been so bad if it weren't for the fact that he was Jake's closest friend. She'd never take back the experience though, and this caused her to be mixed up inside.
"Sure, a lot of people have multiple partners, as long as everyone involved is aware of what's going on. There's this married couple who won't play with each another, they play with different people. Just play, no sex. It's what works for them."
She was thinking that over when Sherry interrupted her thoughts.
"Kristy? I gotta go. Dan made dinner and it's ready. You know how I hate cold food."
She laughed. "I do. Go enjoy."
After hanging up, she noticed the time and ran to dress in her workout clothes. I wonder what Roy has in store for me today. He mentioned mixing things up a little.
Downstairs, Roy was on the phone. Catching his gaze, she pointed to the treadmills. He nodded. She got on the machine and started to walk and did the usual scan for Jake. She spotted him talking to a woman she'd never seen before. Obviously the woman just came from work, because she wore dressy clothes: a blouse, pencil skirt, and high heels. Kristy hated to admit it, but the young woman was attractive and closer to Jake's age. Trying to ignore her clenching gut, she turned up the treadmill speed and began to jog.
They were laughing and enjoying each other's company. Disappointment swelled in her chest. Clearly, he was giving the lady a tour, and probably working his charm to get her to sign a contract, but it seemed more than that. They were touching one another affectionately and smiling a lot. Perhaps he knows her?
She turned up the speed to a full-out run to burn off some of her anxiety.
After a few minutes, her machine beeped to signal her warm-up was over. She was panting and sweating more than a warm-up should've warranted. Toweling off her face and neck, she headed toward the front desk. Roy saw her coming, stood, and gave her a mischievous grin.
She approached the desk and looked up at all six-feet-two inches of him. "Roy, what are you up to?" She had a feeling he was going to throw her for a loop.
He leaned closer to her over the counter and in a low voice, said, "Gonna mix things up today darlin'." Without taking his eyes off her, he called, "Hey, Jake!"
Jake came out of the office with the attractive woman in tow. She had since changed into workout clothes and joined them at the counter.
Roy winked at Kristy and turned his attention to Jake. "Hey, man. I totally screwed up a contract and need to get it straight before the close of business this evening. Can you take Miss White for me?"
Jake frowned. "Miss White?"
"Jake, I'm Miss White." Kristy stared at him and tried to keep her voice level.
"Oh, right. I'm sorry." Jake's eyebrow twitched a little. "Sure, I guess I can. I was going to help Roxi start on her workout."
"Jay, I've been around a gym or two. I'm fine." Roxi leaned over and they kissed each other on the cheek, exchanging a meaningful look before she walked off.
Jake once had his lips on her, and Kristy craved them again. There was only one way she knew to make it happen, but would she be brave enough to go back to the club? She felt uncomfortable with Roxi's use of the name "Jay", and her show of affection. Did this woman know him as Master Jay? Or did she use Jay as a nickname for Jake? Either way, it didn't sit well.
"I'll talk to you later," Jake said. His look toward Roy was not a nice one. In fact, it was a little on the menacing side, but Roy just grinned.
Kristy conjured up images of Jake smacking a belt against his palm. Her insides knotted.
Jake retrieved Kristy's chart and then they walked slowly across the gym as he thumbed through her routine. "You're moving along with this plan nicely." He flashed a genuine smile in her direction.
"Thanks, Jake."
They arrived at the first exercise on her list. Her anxiety spiked as she eyed the thigh adduction machine. There was one upstairs in Jake's personal gym, but his had restraints attached. She trembled at the thought of being strapped to it, and her heart beat hard against her sternum.
Jake ran a hand down his face. "Is this going to be awkward?" he asked her. "Do you want to reschedule with Roy?"
"Things are already awkward between us, Jake, but I don't want to reschedule. I need to do this." She moved toward the seat and slowly sat down. Putting her legs around the knee pads, she pulled the lever at her side, spreading her legs. Her cheeks warmed.
He watched with a guarded expression until someone approached to ask him a question about weights.
She was more than happy for the interruption. Maybe they'd talk long enough that she could finish before Jake could watch her again. She closed her eyes to work on the last set. The weight had been increased on her last visit with Roy and it was difficult to get through. A hand brushed her knee, she popped her eyes open.
Jake leaned in close, very close. "Looks like you are using your other leg more than this one. Try to keep them even." He gently pressed the weaker of her two legs to help her finish, keeping them at the same pace. He lifted his hand but didn't step away from her. "Better," he murmured.
She couldn't bear to see him so close but when she closed her eyes again her imagination took her where she didn't want to go. A groan escaped her throat and she gave in and looked at him.
His gaze bore into hers.
"That was difficult." She hoped he took the groan to be one of frustration and nothing more, even though it was something more. Definitely something more.
Each piece of equipment more challenging than the last, it was difficult to get through with his constant gaze on her, the way he moved around her and stood way too close. His warm gentle touches and soothing voice almost did her in. Her heart beat erratically. The gentle side of Jake was nothing like the firm hand of Master Jay, but was just as exciting.
Trying to clear her head, she looked around the gym at other people. She gasped when she saw Roxi staring directly at her and Jake. Oh shit. She finished the rest of her routine, keeping an eye on Roxi, and found the other woman was always watching.
When the workout ended, she was relieved in one sense, but not at all in another. "Goodnight Jake. Thanks for the workout." She smiled at him and practically ran away. Before she swung the door open to head upstairs, Jake walked directly over to Roxi. They both lit up in smiles and Kristy's jealousy spiked once again.


Chapter Eleven

Jake walked over and sat next to Roxi on an unoccupied piece of equipment. "That was the hardest fucking thing to get through."
"But you did." She smiled up at him. "You have it bad. I've never seen you this way. It's kinda fun to watch, actually."
"Fuck you," he whispered.
Roxi burst into giggles. "I have to go, are you coming to the club later?"
"Yep, see you there."
She smiled.
He nodded and headed upstairs to get ready for the club. He wasn't on the schedule, but had asked to be listed as a standby for the night. He couldn't possibly sit across the hall from Kristy after that sensual workout. God, she looks good on the equipment and so fucking sexy. His dick needed release and fast. He ran upstairs to a freezing cold shower.
He jumped in with his clothing still on. It did nothing to quell his raging hard-on. He warmed the water, ripped his clothes off, soaped up his hand, and went to work tugging at his cock. It didn't take long at all; all he had to do was picture Kristy strapped to his hip adduction machine next door. "Ahhhh." He practically screamed and his hips jerked violently with his release. Calming from his self-induced orgasm, he shook his head. "I do have it bad." He pressed his forehead against the cool shower tiles.
When he left for the club, Kristy's place was dark and quiet. Walking over to her door, he splayed his hand flat against the wood. "Sleep well, little one," he whispered.

***

After her shower, Kristy decided against the usual masturbating ritual and decided she would call and see if Master Jay was working at the club tonight. She needed a BDSM fix, but couldn't bear to see Jake again so soon.
Calling Stan, she found out Master Jay wasn't on the schedule. "Can I request Jonathan for a short session? And can we keep this quiet?"
"Privacy is standard protocol here, Miss White. Everyone is very discreet here."
"Great, thank you." She didn't want anyone to find out about her visit. She was most concerned about Jake finding out, but knew Stan and Jonathan would respect her wishes. "Can I inquire about a membership?" If she wasn't going to have a regular man in her life, why not indulge in the kink? It was fun and exciting.
When she arrived at the bar, Stan greeted her with a grin. "Welcome back. I have the membership contract and fees chart for you to look over. If it pleases you, sign and return them to me before your scheduled session." He handed her a large thick manila envelope from beneath the bar. Inside were also medical and hard limits questionnaires.
Sitting at the bar, she eagerly read through everything, signed all the necessary paperwork, wrote a check, and returned the envelope to Stan.
"Be right back with your receipt." Stan gave her the usual, white wine. "As always, it's on the house."
He came back with her copy of the contract and a receipt for her payment. "Here ya go. Welcome to the club." He winked and gave her his usual smile. Such a sweet man.
"I'm a few minutes early, but can I go down anyway?"
Stan glanced at his watch. "Sure thing." He buzzed her in. "You'll be in Room Four."
Once behind the door and all alone, memories of her first visit with Master Jay flooded back. Her insides clenched and her nub tingled. Then, in her mind, the hooded masked man's face morphed into Jake's. Anger washed over her as she hurried down the stairs to Room Four.
Without even a knock she blew through the door. Jonathan sat in a chair with his feet up on a desk, reading something. He jumped to his feet and focused on her. "Shit, woman, you scared me!"
"I'm sorry, I'm just so...so angry." She paced the floor, clenching her fists.
Jonathan sat on the desk. "Still cute when you're pissed, ya know." He glanced at his watch. "By the way, you're early, but—"
She froze and turned her hard gaze to him. He spoke no more.
Walking over to the chair Jonathan had vacated, she sank into it. Burying her head in her hands, she took several deep breaths to calm herself. Once she relaxed, the tears began to form and roll down her cheeks. She could hear Jonathan's feet hit the floor and then she felt him in front of her.
"Hey, hey now. Don't cry. What's wrong, cutie?" He stroked her hair.
"My tears aren't what you think. I'm not sad. I'm crying because I'm mad and frustrated. Sexually."
Jonathan chuckled. "Well, do you want me to help you out? Isn't that why you're here? For some kind of release."
"That's the thing, Jonathan..." She blinked. "Can I call you Jonathan?"
He shrugged. "Why not?"
"Because I'm here for a session."
"We're not on the clock yet, and besides, you're not in the right frame of mind. I won't take you like this. So yes, call me Jonathan, for now, anyway."
"I'm going to be blunt. I don't think I've ever been this forthcoming, not even with myself. But with this whole confidentiality thing at the club, and I've been with you before, and we've had drinks together. I'm just gonna tell you. Cuz' I gotta tell someone." She shook her head; she was rambling.
"Tell me what ails you, cutie."
"I want someone I can't have. All I do is think about him day and night. Hell, I think I even dream about him every second I'm asleep. Shit, now I'm jonesing for sex all because of him. I'm nothing but hormones with legs lately. I want sex, I want it now, and I want it hard, with him." She paused, and a hysterical giggle bubbled up from her chest. "God, never thought I'd say that, especially not out loud, to you, or anyone. I'm not wanting just the physical aspect, either. I want a relationship, the real thing. Forever, not necessarily with this guy. I'm not getting any younger." She groaned. "I must be out of my fucking mind". Those words leaving her lips, were like a breath of fresh air. She'd been unable to talk to Sherry about Jake, those thoughts had been bottled up in her brain for far too long.
She thought Jonathan would laugh, but he didn't. He took her hand and stroked his thumb over her knuckles. "I understand, I do, and I don't know why you don't tell him."
She sighed. "There are many reasons we shouldn't be together. The biggest problem I have is our age difference. I can't get past it."
This time Jonathan did laugh. "That's the big thing holding you back, age? Cutie, look at me." He lifted her chin with a slight brush of his fingertips. "Do you have any idea how old I am?"
She shook her head.
"Didn't think so, or you would not be here."
Her eyes widen. "How old are you? Shit, don't tell me." She pulled her hand away from his.
"I'm going to tell you for the simple fact that you'll see how ridiculous it is. I look older, but I'm one year younger than Jake. I'm twenty-four. We're good friends, we grew up and we went to high school together. College was the only thing that separated us, and it didn't keep us away from each other for long. So, believe me when I tell you, age is not an issue for him."
A thought popped into her head. "Does he talk about me?"
"Yes, he does. And no, I will not tell you anything, so don't ask me to. Please?" He pleaded with her.
"But you said age isn't an issue for him, can I ask how you know that?"
"A couple of us guys went out one night to a strip club. The strippers were a lot older than us. It bothered a few guys, but not Jake. He said he had no age limit. Something about the human body being a beautiful thing no matter what age."
A little stress left her body. "Oh," was all she could manage to say.
Just then an alarm beeped from across the room.
"Session time," Jonathan whispered. "I know I shouldn't nose around, but are you sure you want to do this with me? You don't want to wait for him?"
"I'm sure. I'm not waiting for him, we're not compatible. I need to get on with my life. And if you won’t help me out, I’ll find someone else who can."
"No, don’t go to anyone else. But just so I understand, you're still interested in a session with me?"
Kristy stood and straightened her clothing. "Yes, Sir. Permission to speak freely first?"
"Granted." He nodded and gave her a gentle smile.
"Can we go to Room Ten? And can I request what I want? After that, I'll be quiet. I promise. I need this, I need to free my mind."
"Topping from the bottom," he murmured, and then chuckled. "Sure, why not? No other rooms are being used tonight. Stan called me in just for you." He beamed. "You're my first special request. So, I guess I can play Service Top today. This will be fun." He smiled a toothy smile, and rubbed his hands together in a conniving way.
Kristy offered him a smile in return. "Why aren't the rooms in use?"
"There's a showing tonight. They have one every couple of weeks. Invitation only. Depends on your membership." He shrugged.
"I signed up for the premium package tonight."
"Then you'll receive those invites." He grinned. "Can I ask you a question? You can say no, but how old are you?"
She didn't hesitate. "I'll be forty later this year." He didn't say anything and just looked at her without expression. "Say something, please?" she begged.
"I wouldn't have guessed over thirty. You look hot for an old lady." His lips twitched.
"Jonathan!" She reached out and smacked him forcefully on his upper arm. He laughed out loud, throwing his head back. She couldn't help but join him.
"By the way, I do the smacking around here." He spun her around and smacked her ass, hard. Real hard.
"Ooh." Her body responded immediately and she shuddered.
"Come. Playroom. Now." Jonathan ordered like the true dominant he was.
They headed out of the room with her in the lead dragging him behind. Once inside, she continued to drag him over to the big wooden St. Andrew's cross in the corner. There were cuffs at the top and the bottom, for wrists and ankles. "This! I want this, and I want to be flogged...with the suede one." She pointed in the direction of the floggers on display.
Jonathan stood for a moment, rubbing his chin, and considered her request. He tilted his head, looked toward the cross, and the floggers. "Undress. Now, except your bra and panties. Then kneel."
Unabashedly, she ripped off her clothing, tossing the fabric into a messy pile to the side, remaining clad only in a lace bra and thong. It should’ve felt uncomfortable, but it didn’t. Perhaps it was the fact that she had been in a scene with both men together that made this okay in her mind.
Dropping into the kneeling position she knew Jonathan preferred, her persona switched over to sub.
"Beautiful." He breathed out the words. "You really are, and you comply so nicely. Same safewords apply—red, yellow, and green. Got it?"
"Yes, Sir. Red, yellow, green."
"I'm going to do something. If it bothers you, call out yellow and I'll stop. You'll be able to figure out what I mean in a minute." He spoke softly, rubbing the top of her head.
Tendrils of suede washed over her body softly as she knelt on the floor. When the first one hit the skin on her upper back, she wanted to cry out in joy, but she didn't. She had to remain unmoving until she was released. She enjoyed someone domineering over her. It was liberating not to have to think and to have someone do it for her, and she'd be rewarded.
The flogger took a few good swipes at her. "Take it!" Jonathan yelled at her. "Take it hard, old lady."
She gasped, not from the flogging, but the words he threw at her. "Old lady." Before she could think about how it made her feel, the flogger connected over and over against her back and thighs. She moaned.
"Get up, old hag!" he demanded.
She complied and jumped up. Her body was still tingling from the flogger and she wanted more. Jonathan walked around her, tickling her skin with the strands skipping softly along her back. She gave an involuntary shudder.
"Old women only on this cross. Are you an old woman?" He growled at her.
"Yes, Sir!"
"Yes, Sir what?"
He wanted her to say it; he was debasing her and she knew it. In doing so, he would lower her character and open her up for a more trusting relationship for future play. She'd read about this. "Yes, Sir, I'm an old woman!" The words stung as they left her lips, and her chest ached for her youth.
"Very well, get your old ass up to the cross."
She did as he commanded. Not sure what to do when she got there, she knelt the way he liked and waited. And waited.
"I might have to reward an old lady for a job well done. Does she want that?"
"Yes, sir, this old woman wants it."
"Stand." She did as told, and he shoved her back against the cold wooden cross.
Lifting one arm at a time, he secured the cuffs around her wrists. He pressed his mouth to her ear. "If this hurts or your arms become numb, tell me." She nodded. He dropped to her feet and cuffed her ankles. He slipped his fingers into the restraints, checking that they weren't too tight. His hands traveled up her shins to her knees and stopped at her lower thighs. He rose, and whispered in her ear, "I'm usually a little more hands-on, but not today. I have my reasons."
The flogger came into view once again and he began a slow soft torturous trail from the top of her body to the bottom and back up again. He repeated the process and she let out a whine of frustration.
"You're beautiful no matter your age, you hear me, Kristy?" He spoke softly. The use of her name sparked something inside of her. She was empowered.
"Yes, Sir."
"You will not call yourself old, that's my job. Whether in this room or outside, you may not degrade yourself in such a way. Do you understand?" She nodded. "You're a beautiful young woman. I can see her, Kristy. She's in here." He pointed to her sternum, and to her forehead. "And she's in there."
He started to hit her thighs with more force, and introduced her breasts into the mix. The bites of the strands snapped down on her, occasionally brushing the peak of her thighs. Her pussy throbbed uncontrollably. Her skin felt stinging pulses all over repeatedly until it stopped. "You're young and beautiful," Jonathan murmured. He went back to the slow soft torture of the flogger all over her bare, exposed body.
She thought she'd combust, she was so worked up.
"Say it!" he demanded, and smacked the suede tendrils down on her gloriously wet folds.
"Sir, I'm young and beautiful!" she cried out through a small orgasm.
He didn't give up and continued the slow torment of soft flogging on her wetness.
She had orgasm after orgasm and panted, "Sir, stop. No more. I can't take anymore. It's...it's too much. Ahhhh!" She was happy, but sobbing and confused, but didn't want to stop.
"Do you need to safeword?" He stopped the flogging and waited a moment. "Kristy? Safeword?"
Her head spun a little, but she smiled. "No, Sir. No safeword. More, please. Green! Green!"
Jonathan continued snapping at her pussy and breasts relentlessly. The orgasm torture rocked her body with one release rolling into the next. Her body trembled uncontrollably; hurting so good. It was horrible yet wonderful. Her body was light and airy and could no longer sense the restraints, nor the bite of the flogger; she could only feel pleasure taking over every cell in her body.


Chapter Twelve

Kristy woke wrapped in Master Jonathan's arms. Her eyes flickered open, finding him.
"Well, hello there, cutie." He wiped a hair from her face. "I should give you a new pet name. Cutie doesn't cut it. You're fucking beautiful. If your heart wasn't elsewhere, I'd drag you back home to my dungeon and never let you go."
Her soul soared at his words. He made her feel young and beautiful. "I still like cutie, and will I ever get to see your dungeon?" She was hopeful, despite his comment about her heart belonging elsewhere. Sure, her head and heart were a mess, but Jake wasn't with her. Time to move on for sure. She just needed to find someone she was compatible with in and out of the bedroom.
"No, and there are two reasons. One, I don't fraternize in that way with members outside of this club, and two, you're clearly meant for someone else."
"Oh." A little pang of sadness shot through her heart. "This session was like no other. Granted, I've only had two before this, but damn. That was...that was something I'll never forget."
He pulled her tight to his chest. "Me either. How are you feeling? You were pretty far gone when I brought you in here."
Taking in her surroundings, she gasped. "How did I get in here?" They were back in Room Four. Jonathan sat with his back against the headboard and she was draped across his lap.
He chuckled. "You went into subspace, and I carried you here for your aftercare. I like this room better."
"Wow, so that's subspace...I think...I think I like it." She grinned.
"Yep, information overload on your senses and endorphins...causing euphoric feelings. And you liked it. And it's also the reason I won't accept you for any more sessions."
She sat up quickly and her head spun. Jonathan gripped her shoulders until she settled. "What do you mean? Why?" She couldn't believe he wouldn't play with her again.
"Kristy, after seeing how much trust you put in me, telling me about your feelings for Jake, and during our session..." He shook his head. "I-I can't. It's wrong, and I feel guilty. Jake is my best friend."
"So? I'm a member, and if I want sessions with you, I don't see the problem. It's not like Jake and I have any sort of relationship other than him being my landlord and trainer."
"What goes on in here is confidential as is what we talk about. Nothing leaves this room. He won't even know we were here unless you tell him. Despite being best friends, Jake and I go by the book. We never discuss things we do here, or talk about our clientele. I won't go back and tell him anything. You can count on it."
"Still not following you, Jonathan."
"For a submissive to get to subspace, they have to put total trust in the person they're with. You gave up any claim of your body and mind to me. It was something I'll never forget, and beautiful to watch." He reached down and stroked her hair. "Usually that doesn't happen with new bottoms, especially not during a session with a stranger." Jonathan paused and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Jake has had his eye out for a bottom of his own, well at least he used to, and it would be even better if she was his girlfriend—even if he can't admit that to himself. I have to tell you, he likes you a lot."
Kristy sat wordless and stared at him in disbelief.
"You do submissive well, almost too well, you're fearless. Which is perfect for him. He likes you, and I know you like him. You guys would make a great couple. Kristy, all you have to do is go to him. Tell him you want to give it a try. There isn't a better guy out there for you. Except me, of course, but you can't have me." He chuckled.
They sat knee to knee. She took a deep breath. "I don't consider you a stranger, I'm comfortable around you for some reason. I feel I can talk to you about anything. Like I've known you for years."
"You can tell me anything."
"Third, I don't know about Jake. I mean, I do like him, and damn, his body—it's to die for. Then there's the simple fact that he can make me come without even touching me—"
"TMI Kristy. I don't need to hear about my buddy's body and what it does for you." Jonathan put his fingers in his ears. "La, la, la. I can't hear you."
Kristy lifted her palm and play-smacked his arm.
In a nanosecond, Jonathan grabbed her wrist and Master Jonathan had returned with a hard glare on his face. "What did I say about smacking?"
She bowed her head. "That you're the one who does the smacking around here. Sorry, Sir."
Jonathan lifted her chin. "Session's over. I'm just Jonathan now, your friend. But, I don't like to be hit." His voice was gentle but held a firm warning.
"Okay," she whispered.
"So, everything you said about Jake sounds positive. What's the problem?"
Kristy looked into his eyes. "Other than him not talking to me? The age difference."
"How many times do I have to tell you? It. Doesn't. Matter."
"For me it does."
"Why? Explain, because I don't get it. Two people like each other; it's as simple as that."
"No, it's not. What happens if we stay together? He will be in his fifties when I am seventy. Let's say we fall in love, get married, and all that crap. And what about kids? The age difference is too much."
Jonathan's eyes lit in amusement, and his mouth soon followed suit, pulling up at the corners. "Kids? You've really thought this through, haven't you?"
She shook her head, giving in to him instead of smacking his arm like she wanted to. "Yes, I have. I like him. A lot."
"Looks like you have more thinking to do. Hope I've helped, though. Hey, let's get out of here and grab a bite to eat."
"I'd like that, but first I want to see what this invitation-only performance is all about."
Jonathan titled his head and gave her a wicked grin. "You sure?"

***

Jake headed down the hall to get some supplies. As he passed it, the door to Room Four swung open. It startled him; no one was supposed to be there. He looked down into Kristy's eyes. What the fuck?
Behind her his long-time friend gazed caringly at the woman Jake wanted. He halted in his footsteps when Jonathan's eyes met his. Jonathan's face paled. "Hey man, I didn't know you'd be here tonight."
Jake's gaze went from Jonathan to Kristy. "Apparently not." Jake shook his head and continued down the hall.
"Hey, Jake. Come on, wait up!" Jake heard footsteps from behind. He swung around quick. There was rage building up from his center core and he wanted to release the anger on his best friend's face. After the shock of seeing Kristy, he realized why they were leaving Room Four. Kristy had requested Jonathan. It hit him like a brick.
He gritted his teeth and made tight fists with his hands, trying to control himself. "What!"
"I...I want to talk to you. About this, about her."
Jake turned around and saw Kristy down the hall with a stunned expression on her face. "I don't have time. I have a show to do."
"Thought Frank was performing."
"Frank called in sick...I don't have time for this shit!"
Jonathan stepped back with his hands in the air, surrendering. Jake spun around and went into Room Ten, slamming the door behind him. That fucker. He knows how I feel about her. How could he? What the hell is going on between them?
He chose a rubber flogger hanging from the wall, one he knew his bottom would enjoy. After taking a deep breath, he headed back out of the door. To his relief the hall was clear, and he tried to shake off what he'd just seen to ready himself for the performance.
The opposite end of the hall emptied into a larger room where tables and chairs were set up around a stage.
The turnout was much larger than expected. Standing room only. He made his way to center stage where a woman lay in restraints, folded over a spanking horse with her lace-clad ass in the air.
Leaning down to the waiting woman, he asked, "Ready?"
"Yes, Sir." Her voice was already breathless.
He rose and caressed her long brown hair. Sounds of enthusiasm came from those in attendance. The woman's hair cascaded down, obstructing the view of her face. Jake wasn't in the mood, but the room was filled with expectant people. "Showtime," he muttered to himself. He pressed his eyes closed and pictured the woman as none other than Kristy. The bottom's brown hair and skin coloring wasn't far off from hers.
At first, rubbing her ass felt wrong, and then he allowed the visions of Kristy he'd been holding back to flood through his mind. It was then that flogging the woman became his mission. He flogged her softly for a few strokes and then increased the tempo. The bottom moaned. "Color?" he demanded.
"Green, Sir." Her words sounded forced. But this was Sarae, she could handle anything, she loved the pain and taking it to the next level.
Kristy on the hip adductor machine flitted through his mind, and his dick suddenly throbbed at the thought. He was so into the scene he barely registered there were other people in the room anymore.
The bottom's moans grew louder and louder. His dick throbbed harder and harder. He wanted to explode right there, but something unnerving prevented it from happening. A euphoric, powerful sensation put him almost on the verge of being out of control. The level of command spiraled with every passing moment, and the adrenaline rush he experienced, scared him. He knew he needed to stop before it was too late.

***

Even though Jake was the one performing, Kristy's curiosity combined with her jealousy prompted her to see the performance despite their rather uncomfortable run-in.
She and Jonathan tucked themselves away in a far corner, out of sight. The room's lighting was soft and inviting, but dim enough she felt she could hide from Jake's sight.
"This is a performance, not a demonstration tonight. They do different things to mix it up and keep the clientele happy. The owner, Master Kyle, insists on this club being different from the rest. Tonight, they've paired Jake with Sarae, who is notorious for loving the pain brought on by rubber floggers, and worse. And let me tell you, those things hurt." Jonathan winced.
Watching the session was like nothing she could've imagined, an intense edge-of-your-seat erotic experience. Her libido cranked up at seeing Jake so in charge in front of a large group of people. She couldn't help but wish it was her on the stage with him.
As the scene progressed, the room quieted and nothing could be heard but the thwack of the flogger and the woman panting in time with Jake's heavy breathing.
Kristy looked up at Jonathan's face and saw something she wasn't sure she understood. Awe? She nudged his arm to get his attention. "Jonathan?" she whispered.
"Huh?" he responded quietly, without taking his eyes off the activities.
"It's so intense, is this normal?" She returned her gaze to Jake knowing Jonathan probably wasn't going to look her way again.
"No, Kristy. I've never seen him like this before."
"Oh," she gasped. A few people jerked their heads in her direction. They glared at her. "Sorry," she mouthed.
As the bottom moaned louder, Jonathan pulled Kristy to the door. They didn't leave, but he kept looking at his best friend, concern now furrowing his brow. "Are you feeling all right?" Jonathan whispered. "I mean, can you get yourself home? This is going to end soon and I want to talk to Jake."
"Sure, I'm fine. Really. I can call and let Stan know I made it home safe. You can check with him in about twenty minutes."
"Okay." He put his arms around her and gave her a squeeze.
They looked away from one another and back toward the stage. Sarae let out a loud, pleasurable scream, and Jake dropped the flogger, looking in their direction. It didn't appear he could see them, or anyone for that matter. When the flogger hit the floor, Jake half collapsed on the woman, panting out of control.
"Shit! I gotta go." Jonathan ran toward Jake.
Kristy stood there dumbstruck. No one else in the room moved. Jonathan slowed when he approached Jake and slid him off the sub who still panted heavily. Jake turned and dropped to his knees behind the spanking horse out of sight, and Jonathan knelt with him. Someone else ran onto the stage to care for the woman, unbuckling her restraints, and tending to her back and bottom.
Kristy heard chatter starting up around the room, and then felt someone's hand on her lower back escorting her from the room. Everyone was being asked to leave.
On autopilot, she headed home. She'd been so dazed from the evening's events that after arriving home, she couldn't remember how exactly she got there. Standing in the hallway between her apartment and Jake's, she decided not to go home right away. She walked over to Jake's special room and sat against the door.
Footsteps echoed up the stairs. Kristy froze. Roxi's head appeared and her eyes narrowed. When she cleared the landing, dressed in her office attire, she strode over and looked down, looming over Kristy with a hand on her hip.
"What are you doing sitting in front of my brother's freak room?"
Two things registered; one, Roxi was Jake's sister. And two, his sister knew about his private gym, meaning she knew of his unconventional proclivities. Kristy blinked up at the woman.
"Well? I asked you a question." The other woman's tone was loud and protective.
"I-I went to the club tonight. I want to check on him and make sure he's all right."
"You were there?" Roxi asked without pretense. "Jonathan called and said it was intense. He's with him now."
"That's the first time I've ever watched a scene."
"Oh, wow...so you're a member there?" Roxi put her hands out in front of her waving them around. "Sorry, you don't have to answer. I do part-time clerical work there when I'm in town, for a few extra bucks. Nothing like you might be thinking, not that the lifestyle is wrong...if that's what you're into. I mean no disrespect. I love my brother, so I accept who he is." She nodded toward the door. "And this world is a big part of his life."
"I don't mind saying I'm a member. I signed up tonight." Her brain was still trying to wrap around the idea Roxi was his sister. "So, sister, huh?"
"Yes, did you think otherwise?" She grinned at Kristy, probably already knowing the answer.
Kristy's cheeks went hot.
"Don't worry. We don't look alike, and believe it or not, we're twins. Fraternal."
Kristy chuckled and shook her head. "I thought you might be a girlfriend or something."
"Yeah, I figured as much with the way you glared at me downstairs." She smiled down at Kristy. "Sorry, it's late and I'm tired. It was nice talking to you, and I'd like to get to know you better, if that's all right."
"Sure, I'd like that, too."
Roxi walked to Jake's door and stuck the key in the doorknob, but before she opened it, she said, "You know, I don't ever involve myself in my brother's personal life, but I have to tell you. He likes you a lot."
"So I've heard."
After an hour, Kristy's butt was numb from sitting on the hard, cold floor, and she retired for the night.


Chapter Thirteen

Showered and dressed the next morning, Kristy headed out to get some breakfast from the local bakery. She didn't feel like cooking or eating cold cereal. Despite not being sure if she was hungry, she refused to sit around her apartment all morning with nervous energy swarming around her.
Opening the door, she almost jumped out of her skin at seeing Roxi right in front of her. "Oh, shit! You scared me."
"Sorry, you got me, too." Roxi's hand covered her mouth for a second. "I wanted to see if we could do lunch today. Unless you work on the weekend or something."
"I don't work today. Lunch doesn't work for me, though, but I'll be down in the gym later this evening. We could work out, then maybe head up here after and chat." Kristy took a quick glance at Roxi's casual wear.
"That sounds like fun. I haven't had girl time in a long time. I travel too much, and most of my close friends are guys, anyway. It's depressing sometimes." Roxi ran her hand through her shoulder-length brown hair.
The hair color and her eyes were the same as Jake's, but nothing else bore a resemblance. "I can only imagine." They both smiled genuinely. "Hey, how's Jake?" That sobered the conversation.
"I really don't know. He stayed with Jonathan last night. In fact, they should be here any minute." Roxi raised a thumb over her shoulder, pointing at the stairwell.
"I'm on my way to the bakery for breakfast. Wanna come?" Secretly Kristy hoped not. She needed time alone to think, and didn't need the extra pressure of a conversation with a woman she hardly knew.
"No, I'll wait for Jake. It goes against the grain since Jonathan will be with him—"
"Nice to see you too, Roxi." Jonathan cleared the stairs. His grin was wicked, and not in a nice way. If it were aimed at her, Kristy would want to fold in on herself. Jake trailed quietly behind Jonathan.
Kristy refrained from shuddering. When she looked from Jonathan to Jake, his gaze shifted toward the floor. In the couple of years she'd known him at the gym, she'd never seen his chin down. Something was wrong, and her chest ached for him. Tension in the small space was thick with all the unknown and uneasy feelings radiating off the four of them.
"Oh, for fuck's sake!" Roxi exclaimed. "Jonathan—my dear ex who ran me out of town, and who I detest—come, let's go get breakfast and leave these two to talk."
Jonathan's smug expression dropped and he regarded her with wide eyes. "Roxi, I didn't run you out, you left."
"There're always two sides to the story. Maybe now's the time to discuss it. Let's go. Now." She grabbed his arm and they left down the stairs.
Neither Kristy nor Jake moved for a long time. When she shifted her weight from one foot to the other, Jake's head snapped up. Pain flashed across his features. "Kristy, I can't talk about it with Jonathan, but I need to know..." His coppery brown eyes pleaded with her.
She'd tell him anything, anything he wanted, to make things better. "What Jake, what is it?"
"What happened with you and Jonathan in Room Four?" The last part came out as a whisper. "I see you around each other, and I need to know. Is something going on between you?"
"I was there for a session, it was an intense play session, that's all. I'm a member of the club now, and we're just friends." She searched his eyes and thought she saw some relief in them.
"Just friends?"
"Yes, that's all. Besides, I'm far too interested in someone else to be anything more with Jonathan." She couldn't help the soft chuckle that escaped her at the look on his face. He was practically frowning.
"What's so funny?" His voice was devoid of emotion.
"That you're probably trying to figure out who I'm interested in." He didn't respond so she closed the space between them and seductively rubbed her body up against his. Something she'd wanted to do for a long time. Closing her eyes at the feel of his strong warm body, she heard his sharp intake of breath. "Figured it out, did you?"
He grabbed her chin and raised it, his face read with a hopeful expression. "Are you sure?" His husky voice and darting eyes got her attention.
"Very," she whispered.
He shoved her up against the nearest wall, grabbed her wrists and held them above her head. Clearly, they were on the same page now.
She moaned when his erection pressed into her belly. It lit a fire in her stomach that radiated to her pelvis.
"My bedroom?" He tilted his head in the direction of his door.
She figured they would be visiting the playroom, but regardless, she wanted this man and he wanted her. Who was she to argue where it would happen? She hesitated before saying, "Yes."
He lifted her in his arms and took her into his apartment. She'd never been inside before. Plain, that was the only way to describe it. Dark hardwood furniture and just the basics; it could certainly use a woman's touch. They stopped short of what she assumed was the bedroom door.
"You sure you want this? Want me? I can't give you a normal relationship. I am who I am."
"Yes, I know. I want to give you what you need. At least I'd like to try." She placed her hand on his chest.
His breathing hitched and he shoved through the door. His bedroom was simply ordinary—a bed, nightstand, dresser, a sitting chair near the window, and an open closet door revealing neatly hung clothing and shoes lined up on the floor. The bed was covered in a brown comforter.
He put her down on her feet and threw the comforter off the bed, revealing beige sheets.
After standing there for what felt like an eternity, she lifted on her toes and pressed a kiss to his lips. A simple kiss turned dirty. Their mouths devoured one another like the world was ending and only they could save it with this primal act. Her heart thumped powerfully and her cheeks burned red at the carnal thoughts flitting through her mind. Her stomach flipped due to nervousness and from being turned on like never.
She tugged his shirt from his pants, sliding the material up his body, taking in his naked chest and six-pack abs. He met her halfway and grabbed his shirt, throwing it off over his head as she bit one of his nipples. Within seconds they were staring at each other, completely naked and panting.
His fingers stroked hair off her forehead. Looking her in the eyes, he asked, "Is vanilla sex okay?"
She was a little disappointed and he somehow knew it. He grabbed her hair and gave a forceful tug to upturn her face to his. "I want to take it slow right now. There will be plenty of time to play later," he said softly, but his stern face spoke on a different level. Her insides melted.
Temptation gripping her, she pulled his face to hers and kissed him slow, deep, and hard. "Make love to me Jake," she breathed.

***

Jake couldn't believe what was happening. He'd dreamt of this moment since the day he first laid eyes on her, and now this beautiful woman stood there naked, telling him to make love to her.
The fact that she signed up for a membership at the Underground threw him a bit, but he saw all kinds of relationship dynamics at the club, so he wouldn't judge her.
All he knew, was that he needed to fuck her hard, but wanted their first time to be slow and sensual. Something she would remember. He wanted her to know he was a human male with needs, and not some animal with whips and chains.
"Baby, I want you all day long." He picked her up and gently placed her on the bed. Admiring the sight of her naked flesh, he smiled. "God, how I've wanted you." Her creamy skin and luscious shape, plus her perfect round tits with their pink, perky nipples awaited him.
He brought his lips down to her neck and licked along her collarbone and down to the curves of her breast. She arched her back as he mouthed a nipple. Then he sucked and teased it while rolling the other one in his fingers. Her body squirmed and she moaned. Kristy was very receptive to his touch. His dick throbbed at the sight.
He continued the assault on her nipples until she pushed his head away. "I need a break. I know I'm all over your bed like a schoolgirl in heat. My ex lacked in the foreplay department, so I might orgasm over breast play alone."
"Mmm. Breast play." He chuckled. Boy, did he have breast play in mind for her, but it would have to wait. He wrapped his lips back around her nipple for a few sucks and tugs. "Come for me, then. I want you to feel good." He bit down softly on her nipple and flicked his tongue furiously over the tip and she went wild. "Do you like that, baby?"
"Yes, yes." She breathed out the words and her leg muscles flexed.
"Let me see how much you liked it." He trailed his hand all the way down her side to her thigh. Her knees parted, welcoming him. Using just his fingertips, he skipped along her skin to the apex of her legs where he forced his finger between her folds.
She gasped.
"Fuck. So wet, baby." He closed his eyes at the feel of the slick moisture between her legs. If he didn't calm down, it would be over before anything started. He took a few deep breaths as he rubbed deliberate, slow circles around her clit.
Kristy's hips began bucking and he stopped. Leaning over to kiss her on the mouth, he said, "Not so fast. All day, remember? I want you all day." Their lips met, and he savored her mouth moving so needy on his. "Shh. Relax, baby."
He pulled away from her and she rose on one elbow. Her eyes were wild—wild with passion. She shoved him down on his back and it was all he could do not to punish her for taking control, but this was vanilla, or so he thought. He didn't have much experience in vanilla.
She kissed him all over his face, along his neck, down his chest, and his dick pulsed as she neared the trail of hair below his navel. She wrapped her hand around his shaft as her tongue licked the tip and slid along his slit, swiping away pre-cum.
"Oh baby, that feels good."
She took him in her mouth and rolled her tongue around his swollen head. His balls tightened. Slipping her lips off his cock, she licked down the shaft to his balls and sucked them as she stroked him.
"Fuck!"
Licking back up to the top she took him in deep into the back of her throat. "Ahhhh. Damn!"
A knock at his bedroom door jolted them.
"Hey, uh...Jake, you all right in there?" Jonathan's muffled voice came through the door.
Kristy popped up, sitting back on her heels.
Jake let out a deep frustrated breath. "Yeah, I'm fine." His voice sounded gruff.
"You sure? You're back in bed and it's not even noon yet."
"I'm fine," he barked.
Kristy stifled a giggle, and Jake grinned at her, pinching her on the leg. "Owww," she mouthed.
"Do you know where Kristy is? Roxi and I went to her apartment and she isn't there or downstairs, either. Maybe I'll head over to the club. I'm kinda worried about her."
"Don't be," Jake said.
"Why not?"
Kristy could tell Jonathan wasn't going to give up, and she wanted to get back to where she left off on Jake's now deflating cock. She looked at Jake and he shrugged. "Because I'm here, Jonathan."
After a long beat of silence, he blurted out, "Oh, um...all right. Sorry!"
"What's going on, Jonathan?" Roxi's voice was near.
Jake covered his eyes with his forearm. "For crying out loud," he said, quietly.
"Uh, Kristy and Jake are in there." Jonathan informed Roxi.
"In the bedroom?" Roxi's voice didn't sound like her.
"Yes." Jonathan's voice was barely audible.
"Oh! They move fast." The surprise in her voice rang through the apartment.
"Yeah, let's get out of here," Jonathan said as the front door slammed shut.
Jake and Kristy burst into a fit of laughter.
"Now, where were we?" He waggled his eyebrows.
"I was sucking you, but now..." She trailed off and they looked down at his soft appendage.
"That can be remedied." He pushed her back by her shoulders and spread her legs. He gave her a sexy smile just before his mouth went to her wetness and lapped away.
"Oh-h-h, shit!" Her hips bucked out of control. "Fuck."
He popped his head up and she looked at him, exasperated. His brows drew down. "Tell me your ex didn't lick pussy?"
"No, hardly ever." She sounded frustrated. Whether at him or at her ex, he didn't know.
"Why the fuck did you stay with him?"
"Because I was vanilla." She sighed.
"Baby, I see that look in your eyes, you're anything but." He dove back down and not long after, she gushed around his tongue as he thrust it in and out while rubbing her clit. When he lifted his head, he knew his lips were glistening. "You taste exquisite." He grinned and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
She shook her head and looked sated, and yet her eyes were hooded, and her face was filled with hunger. "Now, about that dick."
Oh. She was hungry and he wasn't about to argue.
She went down on him again, and he was so worked up from licking her and tasting her, he knew it wouldn't be long. She took him in deep and he grabbed her off by the hair. "Baby, I can't. I want to be inside you." He got up and went to his dresser, pulling out a box of condoms. Because of his slump, it had been a long time since he had sex with anyone. He quickly checked the expiration date. Good to go.
Ripping a packet open with his teeth, he sheathed himself. He then turned and strode back to the bed. "Lay back and spread your legs for me. I want to see you."
She complied with ease and he hoped to make it last for her to enjoy. He crawled on the bed and lowered himself over her, rubbing his cock along her wet slit. Entering her slowly took patience. Once he was halfway into her tightness, he pulled out and pushed back in all the way. Nice and slow. She moaned and wrapped her arms and legs around his body.
"Oh, baby, you feel good!" His rhythm picked up, he couldn't last any longer, and there was nothing he could do about it. No amount of baseball or roadkill in his memory banks could stop the exceptional sensation. Fire ran down his spine to his balls, they clenched up tight, ready to release. "Shit baby, I can't hold back. I need...I need to fuck you."
"Fuck me, Jake, fuck me!"
Her pleading words were his undoing. He slammed into her hard and fast, she met his thrusts, and as he shot his load he felt her tighten around his cock while she came. Their cries of release filled the room.
He slipped out and nuzzled his face in her neck. "So good, baby, so good."
After a few moments of snuggling, she sat up, grinning, and teased him. "So, what happened to all day?"
He wasn't used to females teasing him, but with her, it was different. Sure, he wanted to discipline her, but not today. He'd save it. "You'd best know I'm keeping track."
"Of what?" She tilted her head.
"Of how much you need to be punished. I owe you two spankings already."
"What?" The panic on her face was too much for him. She put her hands out. "I'm sorry. Tell me what I did, and I won't do it again."
"Hey, hey now. I'm just teasing. Today is vanilla day. And the day isn't over yet." He smoothed a hand over her cheek.
"Is that a promise?" The panic receded from her face, and she gave him a slow, sexy smile.
He pulled her face to his and their tongues explored each other's mouths slowly and sensually. "It is. Now let's go get something to eat. I'm starving."
"Huh, I am too, now that you mention it."
They washed up and got dressed in the adjoining bathroom, which Kristy hadn't noticed behind the open closet door.
"Sorry, things didn't go as planned. I wanted to last longer, but it's been a long time, and you felt so fucking good." He pulled her close and kissed her on the top of her head.
"I'm not complaining. My ex used to fail miserably, sometimes not even making me come once, never mind several times, and never one after another. Like I said, no complaints here."
"And you were with Steven for how long?" He raised an eyebrow.
"Too long." She shook her head. "We should've ended things a long time ago. We were more like roommates with measly benefits in the end."
They opened the bedroom door to find his sister sitting on the couch, plugged into her iPod. Jake growled as he walked up to Roxi and pulled the earbuds out of her ears. "What the hell are you doing here?"
Roxi sat with one leg crossed over the other, and bouncing her foot. "In case you've forgotten, I'm staying here with you. I would've left but my keys are in my purse, which is in your bedroom, and I wasn't going in after it."
"You could have gone for a walk or to the gym." He spoke to her through his teeth.
"I took two walks, sat in the hall for a while until my ass went numb, and my clothes for the gym are in your bedroom."
Resigned, he sighed. "Whatever." Looking through the window, he saw the sun high in the sky. "What time is it?" he asked, exasperated.
"Almost two. Yeah, you guys were in there through breakfast and lunch."
"Longer than I thought." He winked at Kristy, and her cheeks flushed a deep red.
"What are you blushing at?" Roxi looked at Kristy in disbelief. "Like I didn't know what you guys were doing, and besides, my iPod can only block out so much of your yelling and moaning. The whole gym downstairs could probably hear. And I can't pretend both of you don't have that freshly fucked look about you." Roxi gave a shrewd shrug of her shoulders.
"Kristy, have you met Roxanne, my sister? My rude, crass sister, because what you see is what you get."
"Shut up little brother," she retorted.
"Hey, fuck you." He picked up a magazine and threw it at her, and things seemed back to normal for them.
"I thought you guys were twins?" Kristy pointed between the two of them.
"I was born first." Roxi stuck her tongue out at Jake.
"By a whole four minutes," Jake retorted.
Kristy was smiling at their sibling banter, and she stood there looking beautiful as ever with her hair curling as it flowed down her shoulders. He'd never be able to resist her again after the morning they shared.


Chapter Fourteen

Back in her apartment, Kristy took a long, hot shower, talking to herself like a crazy woman. "Holy shit! I slept with Jake! Young, Mr. Gym Hardbody, Master Jay. Holy fuck." She leaned up against the wall, a little faint. "I slept with Master Jay." She hugged herself tight.
She couldn't stay in there all day, so she shut off the water and grabbed a towel. Looking in the mirror, even though confused by her attitude and feelings, she saw a happier and healthier woman staring back at her.
The clock in her bedroom taunted her, and she needed to dress quickly. She was going out to dinner with Jake, Roxi, and Jonathan to a local Japanese restaurant, the kind where people sat on the floor to eat. Opting for dark-blue cotton Capri pants with a light-blue short-sleeved button-up blouse, she tied the outfit together with a cute pair of slip-on sandals. She let her hair air dry for a wavy look and applied minimal makeup.
Her stomach was in knots. How would things be with Jake from now on? Would he still want her? How was she supposed to act around him? Were they together, as in exclusive? The not knowing made her stomach flip.
A knock at the door alerted her Jake had arrived and made her slightly nauseous. "Just a minute!" Flying from the bedroom to answer the door, she saw Jake standing in her living room. Coming to a halt, she stared at him with wide eyes.
"You shouldn't leave your door unlocked. You never know who might walk in." He lifted the corner of his lips in a sexy grin. "Come here, baby." He held his muscular arms open.
Her insecurities melted away and she ran to him, wrapping around his body and squeezing tight, and not letting go. The connection between them was undeniable.
"Whoa! What's this all about?"
"I'm happy to see you."
"I'm happy to see you too, but let's get out of here before I bend you over the back of the couch." He nodded to the black leather couch behind her.
Her insides went to mush, and she moaned.
"Let's go...quickly." He ushered her out of the door.
She looked around the hallway. "Where are Roxi and Jonathan?"
"They'll meet us there."
It was a five-block walk from the gym. At first, they walked with his hand on her lower back, but then he dropped his hand to wrap his fingers around hers. A smile spread across her face that she didn't think would be leaving anytime soon.
When they arrived, removed their shoes, and walked past several wooden screens, they found the other two already seated on pillowed floor benches at the table. "Hi guys." She tried to get their attention. They were clearly in a heated discussion. "Should we give you a moment?"
"No, just ironing out some wrinkles between the two of us." Jonathan glared at Roxi.
"Sit, Kristy. It's all right by me if you know our dirty laundry. I don't care if you know what a dick he is." She rolled her eyes. "If it's okay with him." She pointed at Jonathan.
"I don't care." He crossed his arms over his chest. "Go for it. Tell her."
The waitress came over and took drink orders before their conversation continued. A fish tank across the room caught Kristy's attention and she watched the fish swim back and forth along the glass while she waited for someone to speak. Happy Japanese music filled the room, seemingly louder than when they first entered.
Jake took a deep breath and began the tale. "Roxi and Jonathan used to be an item. They were never far apart from one another; they would eat, sleep, and breathe each other. I never thought I'd see the day they'd part. Made me give up hope when they split."
It was obvious that Roxi and Jonathan never knew how Jake felt. Their faces said it all, a combined mixture of surprise and sadness.
"Jonathan really began to get into the BDSM scene. Roxi didn't mind, but didn't want it all the time and he did. It became a wedge in their relationship. The next thing I knew, Roxi ran off, five states away, and I haven't seen her in over a year. Jonathan hasn't talked to her in all that time. When she left, he severed all ties with her. I don't think it's what either of them wanted."
The tense mood at the table turned somber. Luckily, they were saved when the server brought their miso soup and took meal orders. After the waitress left, Roxi started in again.
"So, while you guys were having your fuckfest at Jake's, Jonathan and I had a brief version of our own at his place. It was easier than talking."
Kristy felt her eyes go big and round, and Roxi laughed out loud.
"What? I just thought you should know." She lifted one shoulder in an awkward movement.
"Does this mean you guys are getting back together? I miss my sister, and I miss all of us hanging out. It's hard, after growing up with the three of us being so close, and now..." Jake put his hand over Roxi's.
"No, just means we fucked." Jonathan spat the words out.
Jake sighed and seemed to find his cooling soup more interesting.
Kristy couldn't take it anymore and blurted out the first thing on her mind. "You guys want to head back to my place for a movie after dinner?"
"Sure." Roxi smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes.
A discussion of what movie to rent from the machine down the block ensued. It dawned on Kristy the oldies they were talking about weren't what she would call an "oldie". Feeling her age, she retreated from the conversation and averted her eyes to the napkin laid out on her lap.
Jonathan caught on to her. "Hey, old lady. Stop it, now!"
Kristy's head snapped up, and she began to smile.
Jake threw his napkin down, his body went tense next hers, and then his voice rang out, loud. "What the hell did you just call her?"
Kristy's hand went around Jake's strong bicep. "Jake, please, it's all right. Calm down. You're making a scene."
"No, what he called you is not all right." He started to stand but Kristy pulled on his arm and he settled back down. "I don't know what the hell your problem is, Jonathan, but you'd better back off. Fast. That was rude and disrespectful. We'll discuss this later."
Jonathan nodded, and Roxi's mouth hung open.
Kristy leaned over the table. "Look at me, Jonathan. I got it, and I needed to hear it. I won't forget, but sometimes I need reminding. It'll take some time, though. Thank you." They shared an intimate gaze that must have lasted too long for Jake.
"Kristy?" In her peripheral vision, she could see that Jake was staring at her.
Without looking away from Jonathan, she responded, "Remember the session I told you about? Well, if it weren't for Jonathan, I wouldn't have had enough courage to be with you this morning. You should be thanking him, not threatening him. What he said was his way of reminding me that our age difference isn't an issue." She turned to Jake. "Please don't give him a hard time about this."
The four of them sat quietly for a few moments, everyone undoubtedly taking in and digesting the ever-changing subjects for the evening. The food arrived a minute later, they began eating, and the small talk resumed.
Kristy scrunched up her nose at Jonathan when he took a bite of his fish sashimi, and he laughed at her. They shared another moment and stared into each other's eyes.
Kristy wasn't surprised when Jake just couldn't let things go. "Kristy, I still don't get what happened in your session. Since then, you guys have been acting...weird."
Her head jerked up and she locked gazes with Jonathan again. He didn't move or say a word. In fact, it looked like he stopped breathing all together. She set down her chopsticks, and flattened her palms on the table. "Should I tell him?"
He closed his blue eyes and shook his head. "Your call." Opening his eyes, he glanced between them.
Jake waited quietly and Kristy didn't dare break eye contact with Jonathan. Clasping her hands, she set them in her lap. "As I said, the session was intense, so intense I...I experienced subspace."
She heard Roxi gasp and Jake sat motionless and speechless. No one dared say a word.
"Oh. I see." Jake gave a curt nod, and then proceeded to eat, as did everyone else. The rest of the meal was quiet with only the soft sounds of Japanese music overhead.
On the way back to the gym, Jonathan and Roxi bowed out from the movie. He went home and she headed back to Jake's.
Kristy stood with Jake outside the gym as twilight faded into darkness. Pressing up against him, with the cover of darkness making her bold, she wrapped her arms around his neck. He only lifted a hand and placed it in the middle of her back. She leaned up to kiss him and he turned his head.
"I'm tired. Goodnight, Kristy." He pressed a small kiss to her cheek and went inside.
Kristy headed up to her place, alone. She wasn't sure how she felt or how things were between her new friends. Did they all hate her now, and each other, for that matter?
As she readied for bed, she heard a soft knock at the door. She ran and checked the peephole. It wasn't Jake, Roxi was on the other side of the door looking down. Unlocking the door, she let the other woman in, and led her to the black leather couch.
"I want you to know, Jake is in a strange place. He isn't talking, so I can tell he needs you more than ever right now. You should go to him, but first I want to explain something to you."
Kristy nodded.
"Jake has been sending women into subspace for years now. He has it mastered with his regulars, and he tried on several occasions to mentor Jonathan. I only know this because the guys always talked candidly around me. I don't ever ask." She waved her hand dismissively. "I don't want to know, and can usually ignore them when they get into a pissing contest. But this subspace thing, apparently, Jonathan has never helped any of his bottoms attain that level of pleasure before. I think while Jonathan's good at what he does, he's hesitant to take it farther to that point. So, for you to be Jonathan's first, as a newbie, and only days before you hooked up with Jake, has my brother reeling. Jonathan would win the pissing contest this time, and probably always will, now. He would never boast about it, but now it's just hanging there between them, and they're both aware of it."
"What about you, how do you feel about me?" Kristy was afraid of the response coming her way.
"Honestly, I'm confused. I have no right to be jealous, but I am for some reason. I was the one who left town last year, so I can only blame myself for not being with Jonathan now. I keep thinking it should've been me with him for his first subspace experience. I love Jonathan, but we can't ever be together. We just don't work." She adjusted on the couch, settling in. "But enough about me. You should go to Jake. Do you mind if I stay here? Then you guys can have some privacy."
"No, not at all." She gathered blankets, a pillow, and then set up the sofa bed. "Make yourself at home." Watching as Roxi set up her sleeping area, she sighed. "Rox?" The woman paused and looked up at her. "Jonathan is a good friend. Nothing more." Roxi nodded, and smiled. "I know, thank you."
Once Roxi was set up, Kristy headed across the hall. Taking a deep breath, she knelt on the floor in a submissive position and knocked on the door. For the longest time, she didn't think he'd answer, but then the door opened a crack.
"Kristy. No. Not tonight. I don't want to play." She didn't move. "Kristy! I said no!" His voice was harsh.
Defeated she stood up.
"Can we talk, then?"
"There's nothing to say." He started to close the door and she panicked sticking her hand in to keep it open. It was an unfortunate decision, the door bounced off Kristy's hand between the door and the doorjamb.
"Ouch!"
He quickly pulled the door back. "Shit, I'm sorry, baby. I didn't see your hand there. Are you okay?" He took her hand gingerly and flipped it over, inspecting it. "Let's get some ice on this."
Despite the pain, she smiled to herself. Although it hadn't been her plan, she'd made it inside. "I'll be fine."
"Ice. Just to be sure." He placed some crushed ice in a zipper bag and carefully wrapped a hand towel around the coldness before applying it to the top of her hand.
With a sharp gasp, she winced. Jake sat next to her on the couch cradling her hand.
She tried to go over in her head what she wanted to say but came up blank. "I think it's better now, I should go."
"I'm sorry."
"I'm fine, I don't even see a mark." She flipped her hand over and showed him.
"I don't mean about your hand. Well, yes, that, but also how I acted at dinner. I was an ass. I pressured you into telling me something that should've remained private between you and Jonathan. I owe him an apology, too. I'm not sure how I feel about what you told me, though." He shook his head. "I think I'm mad, hurt, and upset. Can a person be all those things at once? Oh, and jealous, and that's something I'm not familiar with. I'm not sure what to do with all these feelings."
"You've never had any emotions in a relationship before?"
"No, Kristy, I haven't. I'm always the Top in charge, and since all my dates were women I've met in the lifestyle, they knew what to expect from me. Simple as that. This...this whatever it is between us, is all new to me. I don't know what to do; I don't know how to handle it. Honestly, I want to run to the club, fall into my schedule, and forget this all happened. Forget you happened. It hurts too much."
She couldn't have felt worse if he had slapped her in the face and punched her in the gut. "Oh!" When her brain finally came back online after the burst of mental anguish, she dropped the bagged ice on the floor and ran out of his place to hers. She slammed the door behind her and locked it. Sinking to the floor, she sat stunned.
All the commotion must've awakened Roxi because she was suddenly at Kristy's side. "What's wrong?" A loud knock came from the door and both women jumped.
"Kristy! Open up. Let me in! I'm sorry, let me explain." He pounded again and again.
Turning toward the door Kristy yelled, "Explain what? You wished you could forget me, forget us. That's pretty straightforward. Go the fuck away!" She pounded back on the door, causing pain to rip through her injured hand. "Shit," she whispered, and cradled her hand against her chest.
"He said that?" Roxi's expression was hard.
"Yes."
"Oh, Kristy. I'm so sorry. I don't know what his problem is." Roxi wrapped her arms around Kristy and held her tight.
"Obviously me." Kristy buried her head in her hands.
"Don't say that. Listen, you don't remember me, but I knew about you long before I left a year ago. I saw him pining after you in the gym. You were oblivious. I can't believe after all these years of wanting you so bad he's treating you this way."
"Believe it. It's true."


Chapter Fifteen

Two weeks went by without a word from Jake. Kristy swore to find out why the prick wouldn't talk to her, it was frustrating. Sure, he'd hurt her, but regardless, they still had to exist around one another like adults.
She gave him his space, and tried to be understanding and reminded herself that he was much younger than her, and had never been in a real relationship before. Even though he didn't want to have anything serious, they still could've been friends, or had too much happened between them? She didn't think so, and that's why she was confused. Kristy needed to figure it out soon before insanity kicked in.
She'd met up with Sherry and even saw Steven for lunch a time or two, but never discussed Jake with either of them. She wasn't ready for that yet.
On a Friday night after work, Kristy headed home, took a long hot shower, and put on her sexiest undergarments—a black lacy bra and matching panties with a double elastic garter holding up her sheer black thigh-high stockings. What she wore over it wouldn't matter, but she planned to wear her black fuck-me pumps to top off her outfit. She was going to grab Jake's attention, and then they'd talk.
Arriving at the club, she asked Stan if Master Jay was available for a few minutes, and without announcing who she was. Jake was between sessions and Stan said she had about thirty minutes. She snuck down to Room Ten and knocked. Waiting a moment, he didn't respond, so she slowly opened the door and peeked in. Slipping in undetected, there were noises from the aftercare room. Quickly stripping off her dress, she stood in her undergarments and heels, anxious as hell. When she heard footsteps heading her way, she dropped down to kneel in the middle of the room. "Sorry to keep you waiting, Stan phoned to say..." Jake's voice trailed off.
Head down in her submissive role she sat and waited. Jake's feet appeared in her vision for a moment then disappeared. She knelt for a long time, her back stiff, and her muscles ached. He didn't speak nor did she hear him anymore. Lifting her head to survey the room, she found it empty.
Feeling defeated and with a huge ache in her heart, she had no choice but to dress and head home. On the way past the bar she smiled at Stan, who she also now knew as Kyle in the Underground. He waved. She wondered what his real name was. She never caught it during their conversations. 
Someone was in her parking spot at the gym so she had to park out front. As she stepped through the door, heads turned, male and female, to watch her pass by in her sleek, black, tight-fitting dress and heels. She felt strong and sexy so she walked slowly, exaggerating her hip movements a little.
Roy eyed her from behind the front desk, and gave a nod with a wink. "Good evening, darlin'."
She gave him her best sexy smile.
Obviously affected by her looks, he took a deep shaky breath. "You shouldn't be strutting your stuff around here like that." He nodded out toward the men pretending to lift weights while checking her out. "Someone might get hurt."
She laughed and went upstairs, unable to wipe the smile from her face. At the top of the stairs, she finally looked up to keep from tripping. What she saw took her breath away.
Jake, in his leathers, leaned against the playroom door with his arms crossed over his chest. He was gorgeous, and he looked pissed.
Unsure of what to do, she walked to her door and took out her keys. Before unlocking the door, she glanced over her shoulder.
Jake's eyes were hooded and smoldering. Heat rose between her legs. He remained quiet. To test the waters, she walked over and stood right in front of him. "How did you get here before me?" She shook head when she realized he didn't plan on answering her. "Never mind." Turning around to head back to her apartment, she was jerked to a stop when Jake grabbed her arm.
He spun her around and shoved her against the door by her shoulders. "No talking. Safewords only." His voice was deep and gravely.
Her knees went weak, her insides turned to mush, and her panties were instantly damp.
He turned the knob to the playroom door and led Kristy in. Her heart beat in her throat. She was nervous, scared, and excited as hell. What game was he playing? She didn't want any more heartbreak, but she couldn't find it in herself to deny a possible fantasy by leaving.
Once inside the playroom, he locked the door and flipped a switch. The music from the gym played quietly overhead as soft lighting illuminated the room.
Jake reached down, lifted the hem of her dress over her head, and threw it on the floor. He stood back to admire the view, and she could tell by the growing bulge in his pants he liked what he saw.
She kept her gaze down and waited.
Eventually, he pressed her to the wall and kissed her savagely—deep, hot, and animal-like. She held back moans. He'd said no talking, but were noises acceptable? His lips, tongue, and teeth traveled down her neck, her collarbone, to her breasts. He bit through the lacy fabric and clamped down hard on her nipple.
Her breath caught and she moaned. He didn't reprimand her, so noises must've been allowed. While assaulting her nipples, he reached down and released the clips on her garter belt for easy access to her panties. He slipped them down around her ankles and she stepped out of them.
Pulling her hard against his fully clothed body, he lifted her and carried her across the room, stopping at the hip adductor. Her nub throbbed at the sight of the machine with its restraints. He put her on her feet and adjusted the seat height to the highest position.
Grabbing her, he sat her on the seat, then knelt to buckle her ankles to the machine. He had left her stockings and shoes on, and she thrilled at the thought. Kinky bastard. Adjusting the lever, he made her legs swing far apart and remain there. Cold air rushed to the heat between her legs.
While she focused on her lower half, Jake stepped closer and lifted her breasts out of her bra. They strained over the lacy fabric. He pulled and twisted her nipples, making them harder than they already were. He raised one arm at a time to buckle her into the wrist cuffs.
He took two steps back, looked at her, and then left, heading to the side room.
He returned several minutes later, after she'd had time to take in the sexy position he had her restrained in. It was hot. She was hot. She wanted him and wanted him bad.
He removed his clothing and stood before her completely naked and hard. He reached down and stroked his cock while looking at her body. After a few minutes, he stroked faster and harder, tugging at his dick. His eyes closed and his hips bucked back and forth as he let out a guttural groan. Kristy's eyes were wide, her body humming along with his. She just about came when he did, but then it was over.
He cleaned up and then dressed himself before he walked to her and took the restraints off her wrists and ankles. He dressed her and walked her to the door. Opening it, he led her outside. "That's punishment for arousing me. Do not masturbate, and meet me back here at the same time tomorrow."
She was stunned, her head spinning from the erotic sight, and horny as hell. She didn't completely understand, but her throbbing pussy convinced her not to argue, and to try again the next day.
Instead of a cold shower, she opted for the gym to blow off steam. As she began her workout, Jake hurried by on his way out of the gym, freshly showered with wet hair. His face held no expression. She was thankful she wore sweat pants and a T-shirt, not her usual skintight spandex. It might have pissed him off.
The next night, she saw the door to the playroom open a hair and she entered on her own. Inside, she saw him dressed in his leathers with a flogger in hand. Her pussy responded at the sight, and moisture pooled between her legs. She turned, closed the door, and locked it.
Jake put her over a padded massage table and flogged her upper back and ass and then rubbed her stinging skin softly with his hand before he began the flogging again. Still hot and horny from the night before, she wanted to explode, but she wasn't sure she was allowed. Kristy took deep breaths to try and calm her libido down.
Involuntarily her hips rolled and she moaned, her breath coming faster and harder. Whimpers and groans escaped her mouth. The noises sounded erotic to her ears, which amped up her need.
"You may come." He used the flogger between her legs, against her throbbing ache.
She felt freed and let go. "Oh, God!" Screaming out in pleasure, she arched her back and shuddered as her spasms slowed.
Jake took her into the side room and sat with her on the couch, wrapping her in a blanket and holding her. No words were spoken.
This routine continued for one week, and every other night she was told not to masturbate as a punishment for one thing or another. It was frustrating, but she kept going back. She couldn't stay away even if she tried, she needed it, and wanted him, but not just in a sexual way, she wanted his companionship.
 Each night a different scene played out with a different kind of kink, minus actual sex. One night he had her attached to some sort of frame with a lot of holes in it, but he didn't utilize them. Instead he strapped her wrists in leather cuffs that dangled from the top, forcing her to stand on her tiptoes. Then he paddled her ass. That was a punishment night.
The following night, after placing her in a pair of panties with a vibrating bullet attached, he cuffed her to the stationary handholds on an elliptical. Then he instructed her to go, and not to stop, or else. But when the vibrations on her clit became too intense, she had to keep stopping, and each time she stopped, he took a crop to the back of her thighs and her ass.
She enjoyed it all, everything he did to her, but words were never spoken and she wondered how long this would go on, and why it was happening.
At the week's end, instead of going into the playroom, Jake walked her to his place and had her sit at the table. In front of her she saw a beautifully prepared Italian pasta meal. He sat across from her and began to eat. She followed his lead, and picked up her fork in silence.
After they finished eating, he took her hand and led her to the couch. "Would you like some wine or a beer?"
Surprised by his voice, she flinched. "A beer, please."
He came back with two opened beers and sat next to her. Keeping his gaze straight ahead focused on a window, he spoke. "Why did you keep coming back each night?"
"Why did you keep inviting me? And what was with the no talking and cold shoulder treatment outside of the room?"
"I asked you first. I'll answer your questions, but first you answer mine." He used a domineering voice and wasn't taking no for an answer.
"I don't know. At first the idea excited me, then I realized I missed you and would take you any way I could get you, and lastly, I enjoyed it." She reached out and put her hand on his thigh. He looked down at it for a moment then back toward the window.
"I was so mad at you for showing up at the club that night in your lingerie, and angry at myself for how much I wanted you. I wanted to punish you so bad. I kind of lost myself that night, and it’s taken me this long to find my way back."
Kristy reached out and placed her hand on his forearm only to pull away when he glanced at her. "I’m glad your back, and well, you definitely punished me. I've never been so worked up or frustrated in all my life. It caused me physical and emotional pain. If you hadn't let me get my release the next night, I probably wouldn't have been back."
"I know. That's why I allowed it, plus I wanted to reward you for being good. I would have been able to tell if you didn't keep your word not to touch yourself." He finally reached down and put his hand on top of hers. "This past week was a test for both of us. I don't know if you can actually pass a test of this kind, but you did well."
"Test for what? I don't understand." His warm skin on her hand comforted her and sent tingles up her arm.
"To see if you could be a part of my life, of my world." He turned his gaze on her. "To see if we were compatible. I wanted to see if you would break, or if you could be strong enough for me. I've never had a real relationship...or girlfriend, I guess you could say." He turned to sit sideways and faced her head-on. "I want you, Kristy. I've always wanted you, but I had to pull back and think about things. I'm sorry if I hurt you, but I didn't know what else to do. I'd like to try this relationship thing with you, if you want to."
"I'm not sure what to say, Jake." She sighed. "This past week, is that what it would be like? It was fun, but not something I could take on full-time."
"No. First, we would talk, go on dates, work out together, and hang out with friends, I guess do things other couples do, but I want...no, I need to be dominant over you at times. Do you understand? I need to be that way, not just in the playroom, but sometimes in the bedroom too."
"I don't know what that entails, but I might be willing to try." She pulled another swig from her drink, but he hadn't touched his. He set his bottle down and took hers and put it down as well.
Taking her hands in his, he looked her hard in the eyes. "Are you sure? I've been an ass. Does this mean you forgive me?"
She pulled her hands from his and held them palms up. "Can I have any say in things at all?"
"I guess in some things, but it will be a learning process for us both. One day at a time."
"Yeah, I need to think about this, but I don't want to go back to the cold shoulder shit we were doing. Would you do me a favor? It's a huge favor."
"Depends on what." He shrugged.
"Can we do vanilla for one whole week while I think things through, just one week of normal where we can be a couple and talk about things away from the power exchange. I'm just getting used to the age difference...and now this. At the end of the week, we can decide. I think we owe it to each other to learn as much as we can about one another before we really give it a go."
"Give me tonight to think it over?"
She reached up and rubbed her temples. "Yeah, sure. I guess that's fair enough."
"Come here." He said softly. "Turn around, sit with your back to me." She complied and he slid his hands up to her temples and used his strong fingers to massage circles there. "You know I would take care of you and do things like this. I mean, you'd be mine, and I always care for what's mine."
She sighed. She liked the sound of that.


Chapter Sixteen

Tossing and turning all night was a waste. By morning he hadn't slept a wink, and he was no closer to a decision than yesterday. After a shower, he wanted to watch TV on the big screen, but then remembered Roxi was still asleep on the sofa bed. He had to get rid of her soon. He loved having her back in town again, and spending time with her was great, but enough was enough. He dressed in running clothes and planned on a run through the local park.
In the hall on the way out, he ran into Kristy who also was dressed for a run. "Going running?" he asked.
She nodded. "Join me?"
"Sure, lead the way." He gestured for her to go ahead.
They went to the park and ran a few laps on the paved path. He enjoyed watching her muscles flex as she ran; her hair swung as each foot hit the pavement, and her tight ass in those spandex shorts were going to make him go out of his mind.
Both plugged into their music and didn't speak, but she was going to ask the question sooner or later and he still didn't have an answer.
After the last cool-down lap, she slowed near the bridge over a stream and leaned on the railing looking down at some birds frolicking. Jake followed and glanced toward the water instead of at Kristy.
The silence was horrible, growing worse with every moment that passed. "I guess I have my answer." She shook her head and walked away.
Jake froze and rush of panic surged through his body as he watched her leave. "Wait, what?" He ran after her. When he caught up, he grabbed her arm to stop her. "You didn't give me a chance to talk."
She shrugged free from his grip. "Sometimes Jake, words aren't needed. I expected you to refuse my offer. I can't change who you are, and you can't change me. We have to face the facts. We're two different people in two different worlds."
What exactly was she saying? He certainly hadn't said no to her. What was happening? You can't change me, she'd said to him.
"Really, Kristy? Is that what you were trying to do? Change me? I never would've tried that with you." He shook his head. "Never."
"Sure, Jake. Whatever." She turned to walk away, but swung back around. "Why the hell did you try to make me your bottom for a week? Deep down you knew it wasn't a test. You were trying to change me. When I didn't stay on at your beck and call, you couldn't accept that. Think about it, that's why you won't do vanilla for me."
She was throwing words at him he hadn't considered. Was he trying to change her? Trying to sift through the new ideas planted in his head, he didn't know what to say, but he knew he needed more time to think.
She let out a deep sigh. "Jake, I don't want this to be weird. Let's be adults about this. We tried, it didn't work, and we need to move on. It's over, we're over. I'm too old for you. You're a young man who's trying to figure out what he wants from life. I'm not that life, Jake."
Hesitating to speak through the pain, he searched for the words and still came up with nothing. Lacing his fingers across the back of his neck, he let out his own heavy sigh.
"I have to go, Jake. I'll see you later." She jogged off, seemingly unaffected.
His world was ending as he knew it, and she was fine. Great. Just fucking great.
Back at his place, Roxi sat down to eat a bowl of cereal, and he joined her. "What? Mr. Healthy is eating a sugary breakfast?" Then her face went blank while she peered at him. "What happened Jake, what's wrong?"
"Nothing to concern you, sis, eat." He huffed on his spoon and hung it from his nose like they used to do as children.
She laughed and tried to do the same, but her spoon kept falling off.
"I'm the spoon champion!" He cheered like he always did when they were younger, and Roxi laughed, shaking her head at his crazy antics.
She threw cereal bits his way and instead of getting mad, he tried to catch them in his mouth. He didn't want to worry her with his bullcrap of a life. He vowed to keep their relationship solid no matter what else happened.
"Nice try." She pointed her finger at him. "I know you're hiding something from me and stalling. I will find out."
"Aw, hell, don't you ever give up?" He wiped his face and threw his napkin down in mock anger.
"Come on, now. You, me, Jonathan—we're all cut from the same cloth when it comes to our stubbornness."
"Are you including him in our little circle again?" Jake eyed her carefully. She never spoke about her problems and he never forced her to.
"Jake, it's complicated. I don't know what to do about him. Never did, but he has some kind of hold on me that I need to break free from."
"Why break free when you can embrace it?" He stood and removed the empty bowls from the table.
"I can't be the person he wants and needs." Roxi followed behind with the cereal box and milk jug.
In the kitchen, Jake leaned against the sink, and Roxi rested against the fridge. "What are we gonna do? We're some fucked-up people." Jake gave a dry laugh.
Roxi laughed and walked over to Jake and hip-checked him so he slid over a spot. "Are you gonna tell me, or what? I'm waiting and trying not to meddle." She gave him a nudge with her elbow and glanced at him sideways.
"Kristy," he answered. He knew full well Roxi wouldn't stop asking unless he gave her the information she was looking for.
"What about her?"
"Same situation as you and Jonathan, pretty much. We both want each other, but are from two different worlds. You have an advantage, though. You have a history with him. Kristy and I have a couple years as acquaintances in the gym, that's it."
"History confuses things." She shrugged and pushed away from the sink. "I call the shower first!" Laughing, she ran to the bathroom, leaving him there alone.
He let Roxi go and couldn't even crack a smile. "Damn it! What have I done?" He turned and slammed his fists down on the counter. How could this have happened? How could they be over? Oddly, he cared about Kristy more than he had for anyone other than family. The thought of being without her didn't sit well with him, and he felt bereft after the incident in the park.

***

After her run with Jake, Kristy took a shower to clear her head and cry. She was so sick of crying over this man, but she cared for him deeply and it hurt. He doesn't want me. He didn't say anything to fight for us. He didn't do anything. He just stood there.
A short time ago she thought she couldn't be with him because he was too young, but now she felt youthful for crying over a boy, crying over him. She sobbed so much it exhausted her, and she felt sick to her stomach. Spreading out on her bed, she succumbed to exhaustion.
Waking in the middle of the day, sun blaring in on her face, Kristy jumped up, grabbing her stomach. Rushing from her bed, she purged into the toilet. What the hell is wrong with me? I wasn't this upset over Steven and I was with him for years. With Jake, it's been only a matter of weeks, and I'm a mess.
"Oh, Jake," she cried. "Shit, I've fallen for you, haven't I? And now we're done." She closed the lid to the toilet and rested her head on top just as a knock came from her apartment door. "Just a minute!" She sniffled.
Grabbing her robe, she slipped it on and rushed to the door. Without looking, she pulled the door open, assuming it would be Roxi.
Jake walked in and shoved past her. She closed the door, and no sooner than the door was closed, he crushed her against it, leaning in to kiss her.
"No, Jake." She pressed her palms against the expanse of his chest.
He pulled back, looking hurt and confused. "You're crying?"
"Yeah." She wiped at her cheeks.
"I'm sorry. I panicked back at the park and didn't say how I felt or what I wanted. I came to do that now, but if you've made up your mind and you don't want me, I'll have to live with your decision."
"No, I'm not saying no to you. Just to the kiss. I haven't brushed my teeth." She flattened her lips together.
His lips tugged up at the sides. "I don't care. Kiss me."
"No, I puked." She looked away from him with a blush spreading across her face.
"Oh! Go brush, then. Are you feeling all right? Was it something you ate?" He stood in front of her and rubbed up and down her terry cloth-covered arms to comfort her.
"No, it's my nerves. I haven't gotten sick like this since college. I used to puke all the time when I was anxious or upset."
"Shit. It's because of me, isn't it?" He pressed a kiss on top of her head and pulled her to his chest while rubbing her back. "Here, let me take care of you. But first you should know I want to give vanilla week a go."
"You do?" Her cheeks strained to contain the smile on her face.
"I do, baby. Let's clean you up."
Her heart fluttered and joy swelled up inside her. He helped her shower again after she brushed her teeth. Jake joined her, washing her body from head to toe, teasing her. He didn't touch her sexually, but the whole experience was sensual, including the way he slowly rubbed the soap over her skin. When he scrubbed her hair, she thought she might come, it felt so damn good. She moaned at the pressure of his fingers on her scalp. All hints of sadness or stomachache were long gone.
"Not yet, baby, so stop making those noises or I will take you here and now." She couldn't help it and a raspy groan erupted from her. "Fuck it." He spun her around and shoved her chest against the cold tile. She didn't care. She was burning hot from the inside out and the cold gave her relief.
He massaged the globes of her ass and rubbed his hard cock in her crease. "Have you done it this way before, baby?"
She spun around fast with her hands out in front of her. "No! Vanilla, remember?"
He chuckled. "Another day, then." That thought, as scary as it was, excited her. Jake lifted her and pushed her up against the wall. "I want you so bad. Do you have a condom?"
"The drawer under the sink."
He was back and sheathed in an instant, with his cock sliding between her lips. They moaned, finding a slow rhythm and keeping at it until their orgasms exploded. Hers first, and Jake followed behind moments later.
Lying in bed naked after the mind-blowing shower sex, they began discussing the week ahead. They were going to go about their normal lives, and in the evening Jake was to come over for dinner, conversation, and vanilla sex. At the end of a week, they would take a few days to mull things over and decide how to proceed. At least that was the plan.


Chapter Seventeen

For the first three days, life was as vanilla as could be; no mention of the BDSM world ever came up. They talked about everything else under the sun, and really got to know each other, which just cemented the beginnings of a solid relationship. Kristy enjoyed herself and it seemed Jake did too, but something was missing, and she knew deep down inside it was the kink.
Day four, when Jake arrived, she greeted him half naked, holding a blindfold and soft Velcro handcuffs. "Vanilla people play too." She grinned from ear to ear as she watched his expression go from casual, to surprised, and finally to mischievous.
"Really?" He grabbed at the items dangling from her hands and she snatched them back.
"Yes, they do. It's more innocent than your kind of play. Let me demonstrate in the bedroom." She didn't have to tell him twice. He was in there and naked in thirty seconds flat.
"Lay down," she commanded.
"What? You're not going to dominate me, are you?" He gave her a menacing look. It thrilled her, but she wasn't backing down.
"Vanilla play. On the bed now!" She ordered. He stood his ground, and she stood hers. "Or we could forget about the bedroom, go eat dinner, and watch a movie." She walked over to her dresser and pulled out a T-shirt and jeans.
"Wait."
She looked over her shoulder at him, and she could clearly see it on his face, he was at war with himself.
"I don't like being restrained, but I'll do it for you."
"You like to restrain people, but don't like it in return?" She frowned at him, confused by his reaction.
"Baby, submission is only for the strong. Almost anyone can dominate, that's the easy part. I admire subs and bottoms for their willingness, strength, and trust. Not everyone can do it, me included."
She went to him and gently guided him to the bed. "Please. For me. I want to try and see what it's all about."
He crawled up the middle of the bed and lay out flat with his legs and arms spread.
Her pussy throbbed. She showed him the blindfold and he inhaled a deep breath then nodded. "If it's too much, let me know," she whispered.
"I will." His voice sounded strained.
After the blindfold was in place, he lay still, waiting. She stared at him and grinned. Bending, she planted little soft kisses all over his body. His cock stood at attention and throbbed as she neared it, but he was going to have to deal. She had other plans. She straddled his chest to put one wrist at a time in the handcuffs linked to the headboard.
"This okay?"
"For now." His voice was tight.
"Keep your legs still or I'll cuff them, too."
He nodded. Boy, was he a sight to see. His muscular body tight with tension, naked, blindfolded, and handcuffed to her bed. This was enough material to masturbate to for the rest of her life, if needed.
She spread her legs over his face. "Lick me." Dropping down on his mouth, she moaned as his tongue made contact. He had no choice, she didn't give him any. After a few minutes of his tongue working on her, she pulled away. "Color?" she demanded.
He hesitated and then his mouth popped open. "Green." She smiled and shoved herself back down on his face. He licked her to several orgasms until she came all over his face, her liquids dripping down his neck.
"I'll let you rest for a moment." She crawled off him and went to stand across the room looking on.
"Kristy?"
She didn't answer. She enjoyed watching this strong, vocal dominant at her mercy. She left him like that for about ten minutes then joined him on the bed again when he went flaccid.
"What are you going to do with me now?"
"Shhh, you're lucky we aren't doing the discipline thing in my vanilla world. No talking. I'm going to suck your cock. Do. Not. Come." He sucked in a breath and held it. "Breathe." And he inhaled just as she slipped her mouth over his hardening shaft. She assaulted his dick like she did the first time they were together. His breathing picked up, and he moaned with his mouth hanging open, ecstasy etched on his face.
She took him deep in her throat and swallowed. He froze. She knew he was close so she pulled away. "No coming." She sucked him once more then left him again. His purple head throbbed and he was left groaning. She reached between her legs and masturbated to meet her needs until his breathing slowed, and then she climbed back on the bed and kissed him hard tasting herself on his lips and tongue. He kissed back desperately.
Pulling away, she ripped open the metallic packet and rolled a condom down his length. He let out a gasp at the contact and his cock pulsated against her fingers. "Don't come, Jake." Within seconds she impaled herself on him in the reverse cowgirl position. She grabbed his thighs and bucked like a wild woman. "Do. Not. Come." She commanded it firmly and he whimpered. Oh God, how hot is that? She knew it wouldn't be long now for either of them, and gave his thighs a few hard smacks.
She rode his cock hard, not giving up for one second. She felt full, happy, and at home. Jake began bucking and his body trembled. "Come Jake, come now! Oh, God, yes!" Her pussy contracted in spasms and Jake let out a strangled cry.
She collapsed onto his legs, and took a breather.
Once she could move, she took the cuffs off and massaged his wrists with care even though it wasn't needed. When she removed the blindfold, his eyes fluttered. She kissed each eye in turn, and then nuzzled his neck, feeling completely embarrassed by her kinky actions and how she had carried on, using him for her own pleasure. "Thank you," she whispered.
He didn't respond or move, so she checked on him. He was dazed. "Jake? Are you all right?" He rolled over hugging her close. When his arms went slack, she went to clean up, and get a towel for Jake while he removed the condom and tied it off. She took it from him while he wiped clean, and then she got back in bed, tossed the items to the floor, and wrapped the duvet around them both as he drifted off to sleep. He was out for quite some time so she dressed, and then went to reheat dinner.
"Kristy?"
She heard him calling for her. Stepping inside her bedroom, she saw he was sitting up, twisted in the blanket. Smiling, she walked over and helped him from the mess of fabric tangled around his legs.
"How are you?" she asked.
"Weird on all accounts. Just hold me." She held on to him and stroked his hair for a few minutes.
"Come on, you need to eat." She pulled him by his hand, and he stood, naked as could be. He pulled on his jeans and joined her in the kitchen where she prepared his plate.
They ate on the couch in front of the TV and when they were finished, she turned it off, wanting Jake's complete attention. "Can we talk about tonight?"
"Yeah, I think I need to get it off my chest. I hated every minute of what we did for the simple fact that I don't like being restrained, blindfolded, or told what to do. I was not in control at all, and it infuriated beyond belief. It was unnerving. Is that what it's like for you?"
"No, actually those things turn me on. The blindfold enhances my senses, the restraints mixed with dominance allows me to give myself over freely. After working all day as an office manager making all the decisions, I enjoy when someone tells me what to do." She smiled. "It's a nice change of pace. I'm sorry you felt that way, and we don't have to do it again. I liked seeing you submissive though, made me all hot and bothered."
He grinned. "Oh yeah? Well, I didn't finish what I was saying. I hated it until I couldn't anymore. Somehow things turned around, one minute I wanted to put you over my lap and spank you for making me so uncomfortable, and then you told me not to come. Hardest damn thing not to do, but I wanted to do it...for you. It was a deep-seated need."
Jake ran his fingertips across the top of her hand, she rolled it over, and they entwined their fingers. "But I started to feel anxious about not being in control; I didn't like that at all, being on the verge of panic. Then I tuned in to you and like you said, the blindfold enhances things, and when I visualized what you must look like and what I looked like, it made me crazy. The second time you told me no coming, I was just about to, but somehow I managed to rein it in, and my mind left me for a bit. I guess to help me deal with the anxiety and pain. I do believe that's when my body felt like it separated from the scene and I was in a foggy haze, not caring, only feeling. I was in my own bubble."
He closed his eyes briefly. "Feeling ecstasy wrap around me as the biggest damn orgasm I've ever felt hit me hard. I had no control; once you gave the command, my body took over. After, I was so damned tired and only wanted to sleep. Then I woke up hungry as hell." He softly chuckled. "Thanks for taking care of me."
"I learned a bit on the Internet, but mostly I remembered how you treated me. I learned from the best." She leaned against him and let him cradle her and play with her hair. "So, the roles were reversed today and maybe you went into subspace or close?"
"I think so."
"Ever been there before?" As she spoke the words, she remembered his demo performance at the club.
"Topspace, but never subspace. The two are very different. I have to apologize. Now I know what you and Jonathan went through; I feel closer to you after the experience." He kissed the top of her head.
"Don't compare this to my session with him. He and I are just friends. I'd like to think you and I are more than that. Besides, Jonathan and I have never had sex." She pulled away and looked him in the eyes.
"We're more than that, baby. We are." He held her tight. "But did he give you an orgasm?" Jake asked, quietly.
"If you must know, then yes, never by physical touch though, always with an implement. You on the other hand, have given countless females orgasms."
Jake nodded. "True."
That settled his mind on the subject. She sounded indifferent about what his job entailed at the club with other women. It reminded him that those orgasms did nothing for him at all, and he also felt nothing for those women. It eased his jealousy, Jonathan had just been doing his job.
Back in bed snuggling, he held Kristy in his arms, thinking about how she'd sent him into subspace. It was surreal. He never thought in a million years he'd be in this position, Mr. Tough Guy being submissive. "This changes everything for me now." Reaching up he pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes shut.
"How so?" she asked.
"For starters, at the club I don't know if I can be my usual domineering self. I'm always going to have this evening in my head, it might distract me knowing what the subs and bottoms are going through." He rolled his head to the side so Kristy wouldn't see his face, but she reached over and cupped his cheek, pulling it back into her view. He slowly opened his eyes and glanced at her.
Kristy leaned up on her elbow. "That's easy, you don't know exactly. You mix pain and pleasure in the way of floggers and paddles. I didn't use those on you. And I don't think it will affect you."
"True, but it was painful to hold back on your command, and I was anxious as fuck." He tipped his head back, face toward the ceiling.
"Nothing like a flogging. Have you ever experienced that?"
He shrugged a shoulder. "Sure, in training we had to endure all that we wanted to do to others. It's required to give perspective."
"But that was formal training. I don't think you can get the full picture until it's real for you. What else changes?" Her fingers trailing up and down his arm was distracting, particularly when she traced along his bicep.
"After tonight I know I'd like to visit subspace again, just not too soon. I need time to process it."
She popped up on her knees. "You want to play like that again? At the club?"
He laughed out loud. "No, baby. I would only be submissive to you and only you. I don't think I could get there with just anyone. It's not in my nature, but you've undone something inside of me." His face scrunched up. "That's another thing, I'm going to have to change my status at the club to a switch. It would only be fair to tell people since they might not want me as a Top anymore. It could be detrimental. In some circles, switches are looked down on. People say you can't do both, you have to be one or the other. After tonight, I don't think I can agree with them anymore."
"I say don't tell them if you're keeping this in your personal life. So, wait, does this mean I get to Top again?" Her eyes sparkled, and her smile lit up the room.
"Eventually, and only on occasion. Give me time, though. That doesn't mean I don't want to flog you or spank your ass any day of the week. And as a switch, we can even swap in the middle of a scene." He waggled his eyebrows at her.
"Are we talking about our future? Do we need to finish vanilla week? Or do you know what you want? I'm sure of what I want."
He stood, stretched, and got dressed as she watched from the bed. "We don't need to finish the week out. I know what I want." He gave a curt nod, and left the room. Glancing over his shoulder, he saw her following him as she tugged one of his borrowed large T-shirts over her head. He smiled at the sight; he loved seeing her in his clothes.
He felt her watching him as he began to wash the dishes. Looking over his shoulder, he winked.
"You don't need to clean up, Jake. I can get it."
"No, I got this. I'd like to take care of you tonight. I'm feeling off-center and need to do this, do something." He was also prolonging his walk home even though he'd only be across the hall from her. He couldn't stand to not see or touch her tonight. It would be too much for him.
She came up behind him and rubbed his back. Her arms snaked through his and then she ran her palms over his exposed abs. He moaned, and his dick twitched. Down boy, not tonight.
When the dishes were done, they stood by the sink and stared at one another. He didn't know what to say or how to ask for what he wanted. "So, I guess I'll head home."
She grabbed his forearms. "Not so fast! You never told me what you wanted."
"Neither did you." He grinned.
"Oh, Jake, don't you know? I want you. I want us, I want there to be an "us." A very unconventional relationship is how I envision it, but it's one we'd be happy with. Or at least, I think so. We could make it work, I'm sure we can. I have strong feelings for you. I-I care a lot about you, and can't imagine myself with anyone but you." Her gaze burned with emotion. "It was quick and sudden, but when you know, you know."
Closing the space between them, he forcefully grabbed her chin and pulled her lips to his mouth, kissing her deeply. Her arms fell to her sides in a submissive state. "Not tonight, baby. We need sleep."
"What I need is to know how you feel," she whined.
"I agree with what you said, and I also care about you deeply," he murmured.
She wrapped herself around him and hung on for dear life.
"I need to ask you something, and I've never been in this position before." He stiffened, bracing himself for her reaction.
"What is it?" She pulled away and her brow furrowed.
He hesitated for a moment. "Can I spend the night? I'm unsettled, and I'd like to snuggle." Those words were probably the most difficult words he'd ever say, but looking in her eyes made him relax. She'd never made him feel worthless or stupid before, and he didn't think she ever would.
She giggled. "That's all? You had me worried. I expected you to stay anyway, after the evening we had."
"I called in sick to the club tonight. I had appointments, and to be fair I passed them off to Frank. I wouldn't be of any use to anyone right now."
"Oh, shit! The club." She pushed away from him, walked to the couch, and plopped down, pressing her face into her hands. He followed and knelt before her.
"What's wrong, baby? You can tell me. I mean, I just bared my soul to you tonight, and you saw me at my most vulnerable state, you can tell me anything." He stroked her hair. "I promise you can trust me."
"I hadn't figured the club into our future," she grumbled.
"And?" He lifted her chin so he could see her face.
"I was going to quit the club and hoped you would too, but that's asking too much, isn't it?" Her eyes widened.
"Yeah, baby. Right now, it's too much. Maybe down the road I'll consider quitting, but for now I don't think I can walk away. I have three months of appointments booked, and I enjoy it."
"Oh." Her shoulders slumped.
"What do you have a problem with exactly?"
She looked at him, exasperated. "How would you feel if I continued going to the club for sessions with other men? Wouldn't you feel like I'm cheating on you? Didn't it seem that way when I was with your friend? We said we want a future together. I just thought—"
"I understand. Yes, I'd be jealous, but we didn't say anything about being exclusive in the club. If you continued to go, I would be upset, but it's your choice." His words were soft and gentle but he could tell the words hit her with a blow.
She shot up and headed to the bedroom.
Running after her, he tried to find out why she was upset. "What did I say wrong?"
"I assumed in talking about us that we would be exclusive across the board. That's the kind of relationship I want. Isn't that what you want?"
"Well, I'm not going to have sex with anyone else, but I will be performing scenes and live demonstrations. Is it going to be a problem?"
"I don't know, Jake." She shook her head and went into the bathroom to ready for bed.
Jake went home to do the same. When he returned, Kristy was already in bed. "Is it still okay that I spend the night?"
"Sure." She patted the bed next to her, and he crawled in. Pressing up against his back, she spooned him. It would have been laughable to an outsider because she was so petite next to him, but neither of them cared. They were right where they needed to be in that moment.


Chapter Eighteen

A week had gone by and Kristy and Jake managed to have a close-to-normal courtship with no encounters in the playroom or at the club. But the issue of Jake still taking clients loomed over their heads. Kristy figured she needed to bring it up again soon so they could work things out if they were to have a future together.
Her cell phone vibrated. It was Sherry. She hadn't talked to her friend in a while and they hadn't seen each other at the gym in over a week. Sighing, she answered the call. "Hi, Sherry."
"Sorry, it's been so long since we've talked. School has been busy this week with testing. I had to grade hundreds of tests. This is the only thing I hate about my job." She growled.
Kristy laughed at Sherry. "Sorry, I hated school back when I attended, I can't imagine what made you go back, even as a teacher." Picking up a pen, started doodling on a piece of paper.
"So, what have you been up to?"
Kristy wasn't sure where to start and in the moment of silence Sherry obviously knew better.
"Kris, what's going on?"
Her pen froze on the paper, and she blew out a breath. "Jake."
"And?"
"Um..."
"Spill it, honey, before I come over! And don't think I won't."
Putting the pen down, she explained, "We're sort of together now." Guilt swept through her because she hadn't called her friend sooner.
"Sort of? Do tell! Did you guys do the dirty?"
Sherry didn't sound mad, and that was encouraging. "Oh, I'm so sorry I haven't talked to you sooner. I wish we could've met in person for this conversation, but Jake and I have a date tonight. We decided we would give a relationship a try. We both want to be with each other, but it's going to take work. We know that. And yes, we did the dirty, and it was amazing." Kristy let out a carefree laugh.
"You're going to try to be his sub?" Her best friend sounded as if she couldn't believe what she was hearing.
"Not exactly. I will submit to him on occasion...look, I don't even know how to explain it. I'm not even sure that there's a label for us."
There was a loud knock at the door. "Jake's here. I'll call you tomorrow. Love you!"
"Love you too, girl. Have fun, and don't forget to call me!" Sherry disconnected the call.
To her dismay, when she greeted Jake at her door, he had Jonathan and Roxi in tow. A small sad smile played across his lips. "They'd like to talk to us."
"Sure, come in." Everyone sat in the living room area with the two couples across from one another. "So, what do you guys want to talk about?"
At first nobody said anything, then Roxi's usual forthrightness kicked in and she spoke. "Jonathan and I want what you guys have. Something happened for you two to be together...to make it work. We'd like to ask what that is. You don't have to tell us. But we love each other and have both been miserable this past year. We need help."
Jake sat rigid.
His gaze bounced from his sister to her. "I can't talk about it, but you can if you want, you have my permission." He got up and headed to the kitchen.
Jumping up, she ran after him. "Are you all right?" She cupped his face in her hands, trying to gauge his emotions.
"It's Roxi. I love my sister and I want the two of them to be happy, but I can't talk about it, about us. Not with her, it's weird." He jerked his head toward the couch. "You go ahead though. I'll be fine."
She hesitated but kissed him gently on the lips and felt him relax. Walking away, she saw the anxiety on his face.
Jonathan and Roxi looked at her expectantly when she joined them again.
"If this is going to cause a problem between you and Jake, you don't have to talk to us about it." Jonathan slid to the edge of his seat and reached for Kristy's hand and held it tight. "We care a great deal for you; you're one of us now." His concern and care for her were written on his face.
"It's not me I'm worried about. Jake's had an emotional journey this week. I think he's still vulnerable." She turned and found Jake leaning on the wall by the kitchen listening in. "Jake and I spent an experimental week together, with me strictly as his submissive in the playroom, and I had...um, assignments outside of that. I enjoyed it, but want more out of a relationship. So, I proposed we try a vanilla week, hoping we could meet in the middle somewhere afterward."
"And the result was?" Roxi coaxed.
"We never made it through the vanilla week. We both realized we needed each other on a deeper level with some kink thrown in." She sighed.
"And how did you come to that conclusion?" Jonathan tilted his head.
She laughed a dry laugh. "Boy, you guys are relentless." They both snorted at her and she thought she heard Jake chuckle softly in the background. That gave her courage to move on. "One vanilla night I decided I wanted to play. I dug out handcuffs and a blindfold, vanilla meets kink."
"I sense there's more, get to the juicy stuff, Kristy." Roxi flailed her hand in the air.
"Against his better judgment, Jake let me blindfold him and handcuff him to my bed."
Both stared at her wide-eyed.
"I know. He told me about his aversion to both items, but I asked him to go through with it for me anyway, and he did." What a sight in her bed; a vision not to be forgotten. She grinned. "We think persistence, anxiety, and orgasm denial pushed Jake into subspace. He needed aftercare." She glanced away from her friends when her cheeks warmed.
Silence settled around them, and then Jonathan let out a small laugh. "Somehow, I'm not surprised you have a dominant streak, Kristy, but Jake as a bottom? Never saw that one coming. Not in a million years. See how you got under his skin, woman?" He patted her leg and stood.
Jonathan headed over to Jake, and clapped him on the back. "So, a sub, huh?"
"Not really, I'll never stop being a Top. It's in my blood, but I can't help it around Kristy. She's the only one I will ever submit to." He shrugged.
"Dude, do you kneel to her?" He smirked. "I can't picture it."
"We haven't played like that since, but I suppose when the time comes...if she asks, I would."
It warmed her heart and turned her on to hear him say that. Visions of him kneeling and looking up at her from those lust-filled, coppery brown eyes filled her head.
"Don't look so glum. I'm happy for you, man." They gripped and shook hands, bringing it into a man hug with pats on the back. "You've only been a paid Top, and you've never really had a serious relationship. Basically, outside of the club you dominated willing women to fuck them. I can understand what you and Kristy did, and how it would make you evaluate things, and it caused you to experiment in your personal life. Top, bottom, no matter, you're still my best friend, man."
Kristy was so proud of her new man for owning up in front of Jonathan and Roxi.
"Really, it doesn't bother you?" Jake didn't hide the shock on his face.
"Really. You could've told me you were a cross-dresser and I'd still love you, bro." Jonathan play-punched Jake on the upper arm.
"Not a cross-dresser, but I think I'm changing my status at the club to a switch." Jake nodded at her and she smiled. "I never really identified as a Dom to begin with, Top suits me better."
"It's awesome you two made it into each other's lives. Jake, I've never seen you so happy." Jonathan's face lit up, showing he was sincerely pleased for his best friend.
"I need to apologize and talk to you about your subspace session with Kristy." Jake didn't look upset—a little anxious, sure, but not mad anymore.
Kristy stopped listening in and turned her attention to Roxi, who had moved onto the couch next to her.
Roxi patted Kristy on the arm. "I don't know how you do it, but you complete my brother. Whatever the case, I've never seen him so out of sorts, but he's completely in his own skin at the same time. Don't let him get away. I know he can be stubborn, but just give him a chance to make you happy."
"He already does." Kristy caught Jake's gaze on her. Even though he appeared to be in a deep conversation with his friend, it seemed he couldn't keep his eyes off her.
Roxi leaned in, and quietly asked, "I know it's soon, but...do you think you could ever love him?"
Kristy didn't hesitate a second. "I already do." She was met with Roxi's huge eyes looking back at her.
"Have you told him yet?"
"No. I'm not sure if he loves me back." She hunched her shoulders and looked down.
Roxi chuckled. "Girl, he's loved you since the moment you walked into his gym. He doesn't have to say it, just watch him. It's in everything he does around you."
Glancing over at Jake, his gaze smoldered and she saw pure raw emotion directed at her. "When the time is right, I'll tell him."


Chapter Nineteen

Jake decided it was time to get things straight with his schedule at Underground Decadence, and he wanted Kristy there when he did it. She met him at the bar for lunch. Kristy walked in wearing a professional outfit with low wedge heels, he saw her frequently in work clothing as she came and went from her apartment, but for some reason today, it made his dick twitch. When they finished eating, he led her to a room downstairs she'd never been to before, the Grand Master's room, where the owner of the bar and the club reigned. He was also a renowned Master whose experience and training surpassed everyone in the area. He'd been a mentor and Dom to many.
Kristy tugged on Jake's shirtsleeve to get his attention. "What are we doing here?"
"I'm going to formally introduce you to my boss and owner of the bar," he explained.
"Shit, you mean the Grand Master?" She jerked him to a stop. Her eyes were wide and she looked frightened. "I don't know about this. Why are we here?"
"I have some things I need to discuss and I want you here when I do it."
"With what, Jake? I'm not taking a step farther until you tell me." She put her hands on her hips in the most adorable way.
It awoke something primal in him. With his dick stirring, he shoved her and pinned her to the wall. "God woman, what you do to me." His mouth crashed down on hers in need. She wrapped a leg around his and rubbed her body against him, causing him to moan deep into her mouth while he cupped her breast.
"Get a room!" Someone chided behind them.
Jake cleared his throat and chuckled. "Kristy, this is Master Kyle."
Kristy took a minute to get herself together and when she looked at Master Kyle, a myriad of expressions played across her face—first, shock, then maybe anger, surprise, and finally amusement.
"Stan? You're the Grand Master I've heard so much about? I mean...Sir?"
"Yes, love. I am the Grand Master Kyle." He bowed, walked toward her, and ran his fingers through her hair as he purred. "I've wanted to do that since day one. Your hair is lovely. I think you should wear it up in a hair corset. I'll have Crystal take care of you next visit, but today she's not being a good girl." He motioned them into his office two doors down.
Kristy went in first and stopped dead in her tracks. Jake saw her eyes focus on Crystal, who was chained to the desk like a dog and completely naked, except for a dog collar and the tail hanging from a butt plug in her ass. "Oh." Kristy gasped.
Jake nudged her along with his hand on her lower back. "She likes it, baby, don't worry. She's always getting in trouble. I suspect she craves the discipline."
Master Kyle walked in behind them, closing the door. Walking over to a small bar on the wall, he poured a few drinks. "What brings you this way? When I received your call, you piqued my interest by requesting a mid-day meeting, Jake. But first, do either of you need anything? Crystal would be happy to fetch it for you, and judging by the act in the hallway, I assume you take care of one another, but Crystal is ready to please you both if needed."
Kristy answered quickly, "No, thank you, Sir."
Master turned and looked at Jake with a raised eyebrow.
"No, I'm all right, Kyle. Thank you for the kind offer." Jake fell into his role and walked to Crystal and patted her hair. "Sit!" he demanded. She responded immediately and wiggled her butt. "Good girl," he cooed, and scratched her head.
Jake accepted a shot of scotch and Kristy took her glass of white wine. "Kyle, I need to discuss things with you, and I asked Kristy to attend this meeting with me because she is a big part of my life now."
"It's about damn time!" The other man barked, and laughed loudly. "How can I help you kids?"
Jake knew Kristy was probably cringing on the inside at being referred to as a kid. "I haven't scheduled any new sessions. I plan to finish out the existing three-month schedule, but after that I'd like to step down and be assigned as a trainer to the employees and only perform occasional demos. And, if it's all right with you and Kristy, I'd like her to be my bottom for the demos. Then there's also the matter of changing my status." His nerves were bound so tight he wanted to bolt out of the room for fear of what Kyle was going to think.
"What would you change it to, Jake?" Kyle's face crinkled in confusion.
"I recently realized I'm a switch in my personal life, Kyle. I'm not sure how that would affect my clients if they knew, so I leave it up to you whether to list it on my bio. But I only bottom to Kristy. I won't for anyone else."
"I see." Kyle rubbed the days-old scruff on his chin in reflection. "So, our little Kristy's a firecracker, huh? She any good?"
"She had me in subspace first try." Jake beamed and spoke proudly.
"Maybe we can put her to work here." Kyle suggested.
Jake's face tightened, and his fists clenched. "No, she's mine."
Kyle raised his hands. "Calm down, boy. Apparently, you'll always have Dom tendencies, switch or no switch, and fuck labels. Just because you bottomed once doesn't make you a switch, you can Top from the bottom any time you want, if that's the way your dynamic works." Kyle smiled. "Anyway, having Kristy work here was only a suggestion. With my best Top stepping down I need to fill the gap somewhere." He moved on with the conversation, unaffected by Jake's outburst. "How about Jonathan? Do you think he could fill your spot?"
"I know he could handle it, but with Roxi back in town—"
"No, definitely won't work, then. I hadn't thought of that. No matter, we'll figure it out. I think it best you go off the schedule immediately. I assume you being a Top here at the club would be problematic for your new relationship?" He stared Kristy down.
Jake nodded, and felt a severe sense of loss over losing his clients so quickly. He'd wanted to wean himself slowly from the schedule for his sanity. "Yes."
Kristy stilled beside him, and then he saw what she was looking at.
Crystal humped Kyle's leg while he stroked her head as if it was a normal occurrence. When he noticed them watching, he said, "She's been a very good girl, not barking while I have guests, so she needs to be rewarded." Kyle turned his attention to the chained woman. "That's it, my puppy, rub it until it feels good, but you may not come yet, my pet." He scratched under her chin.
Crystal threw her head back, whether in pleasure or frustration Jake didn't know, but she slowed her movements and nuzzled his leg.
Jake winced inside at the orgasm torture she was going through. He knew all too well how it felt, and his cock jolted. He suddenly blurted, "Do you mind if we use Room Ten?"
"To finish what you started in the hallway? By all means. Come back later when you're finished and we'll take care of some paperwork. Oh, and I deem it unnecessary for you to change your status, since you won't be a bottom in the club, but we'll discuss it later. Go on." He motioned for them to get up and leave.

***

Once out in the hall, Kristy let her guard down and practically hyperventilated. She leaned against the wall and took a deep breath. "Holy shit! If this isn't the weirdest lunch date ever, I don't know what is."
"Sorry baby, I didn't know Crystal was going to be chained up. Usually she's partially clothed and kneeling at his feet quietly."
"Promise me no animal play, Jake?" She gave him a cold hard stare and he laughed.
"I promise. It's not my kind of kink." He smirked at her discomfort over the situation and she swatted his arm. "Oh, no, you don't. We're on my territory, now." He grabbed and spun her around to press her chest against the wall and ground his hips into her ass.
Her heart rate picked up as the adrenaline spiked. She wanted Jake and wanted him fast.
"Strip now. Everything but the heels."
Tingles spiked through her at hearing his dominant voice. Room Ten! She had to rein it in and not get too excited. Time to get into the submissive mindset. "Yes, Sir." She did as told and stripped down. Although she wasn't worried about anyone seeing her, the halls were empty, and the thought of someone catching them made it that much more exciting.
"Kneel." He took her clothing and she knelt at his feet. He laced his fingers in the back of her hair and pulled her face upwards. "Beautiful. God, you make my dick hard. Touch it."
She ran her fingers along the length of his shaft through his jeans; he felt hard as steel. Moaning, she licked her lips.
"You like?" He looked down at her through hooded eyes.
She nodded furiously.
Dropping her clothing to the floor, he unleashed his swollen cock in front of her face. Resting his palms against the wall for support, he commanded, "Suck."
Her lips went around his head hungrily as she teased with her tongue.
He made his intentions known and thrust in and out of her mouth slowly a few times. Picking up the pace, he let out a moan and began fucking her face. In no time at all, his warm seed shot against the back of her throat.
She almost gagged from the force of it, but still managed to swallow every drop.
"Very nice." From the corner of her eye, she saw Master Kyle with Crystal at his feet. Kristy's cheeks warmed. Sneaking a peek at Crystal, the woman grinned at her with a look of approval.
Jake tucked himself in his jeans without zipping up and helped Kristy rise from the floor. She kept her head down out of respect as Jake tucked her clothes under his arm, and led her to Room Ten.
"Can you call work and ask for an extended lunch?"
She nodded and he dug her phone out from her jacket pocket. After she called in, he picked her up and carried her to a vinyl-covered table where he laid her on her back. He spread her legs and cuffed her upper thighs and ankles so she couldn't move them. "You took care of me. Now it's your turn." Flashing a wicked grin, he winked at her; it sent spasms to her nether region. His palm cupped her between the legs and her eyes shut instantly. "Eyes open."
She looked at him through lazy eyes. Jake started by patting her pussy and then smacked a little harder directly over her clit. She moaned at the new sensation. Her eyes started to close, and he smacked her harder. "Eyes open."
When she refocused on him, she saw nothing but love in his eyes. Did he love her? The visual contact felt intimate, like she could see into his soul. She wondered for a moment what he saw in her eyes, and then Jake changed tactics and began massaging the skin around her outer lips. His fingers worked, thoroughly pinching them together and massaging up and down their length. Kristy wanted to scream from the intensity, and from not being able to move. He teased around her clit, making sure not to touch it directly.
She began panting and whimpering but never taking her gaze off him. She tried to convey a message through her eyes. Please, touch my clit.
"Up on your elbows and watch me." Obeying, she was unable to look away from the erotic scene. She gasped when his tongue hit her nub. If she hadn't been restrained, her hips would have lifted off the table. Her clit burned, ultra-sensitive, and she felt the beginning of what was going to be a big one. Her womb tightened and butterflies fluttered in her stomach. Her clit throbbed, swollen. Breathing hard, she thrashed her head back and forth. Involuntary noises left her mouth as her orgasm washed over every inch of her body in hot waves of pleasure. Whiteness blinded her as she screamed, "Oh God, Jake! Yes!"
As she came down from her high, Jake's tongue began a slow torture around her sensitive nerves. "Oh, God! No, Jake! I can't take it!" She tried to push his head away, but he wouldn't budge.
He licked again in slow lazy circles.
"No, no, no," she whimpered, but his tongue continued. The breath left her lungs and she sobbed. It was beyond pleasure now and nothing but pain ran all the way through her body and soul. His tempo picked up and she couldn't stand it anymore. Letting out a scream that didn't sound like her, she cried, "No, Jake. Red! Red!"
Jake froze between her legs and immediately began removing the cuffs from her legs. Once she was free, he pulled her into his arms and held her tight.
"I'm sorry Jake, I couldn't do it. It was too much for me." She continued to sob as he whispered sweet reassurances in her ear and stroked her hair for several long minutes, calming her.
Eventually she pulled from his embrace, giving him an embarrassed smile. "Thank you for stopping. That was something I don't want to do ever again. It was painful."
Jake spoke quietly. "Thank you for safewording. I got carried away testing your limits." He kissed the tip of her nose. "Are you all right now?" He cupped her face and looked directly into her eyes.
"Yes. I promise." They rose from the table, cleaned each other, and got dressed. She walked up to Jake and gave him a huge hug and leaned against his chest. "I'll see you later, then?"
He glanced at his watch. "No way. I've got you another fifteen minutes. Come with me."
She tried to protest but he grabbed her hand and led her to Room Eight. Inside, it was set up into four sections, each of which held different items. One had a variety of whips. She shuddered at the sight of the bullwhip laid out on a table. Another space had floggers and they headed to that one. She didn't have time to check out the other areas.
"This is our training room; I want to teach you how to flog. Not that I want you to do it to me anytime soon, but I'd like you to learn, regardless." He pulled a suede instrument from the wall. "Your favorite kind." He smiled his sweet sexy smile, and she purred.
Even though she was sexually spent, her clit throbbed with a mixture of pleasure and pain.
There was a small decorative rug on the wall near them. He began showing her the basic figure eight technique against the rug. Shaking his head, he explained, "Never practice on a person, and when you do, there are certain areas you should avoid. We'll get to that another time." He demonstrated for a few minutes then offered the handle to her. "Your turn."
Unsure, she gripped it tightly in her palm, looking it over. Feeling the suede with her fingertips, she closed her eyes, remembering what it felt like against her skin.
Jake reached out and rubbed her arm and her eyes popped open. He watched her with concern.
Lifting the leather wrapped handle and letting the tendrils hang loose, she gave it a shake and smiled. "I think I like holding this." She took a whack at the rug and heard Jake gasp.
"Not that hard, baby." He laughed. "This is why we don't practice on people, although a masochist probably wouldn't mind. Try again, softer this time." She tried again and this time it barely made a thudding noise. "Too gentle. Keep trying, you'll get the hang of it."
Concentrating, she tried repeatedly, getting better with each swipe. She was so into it that when Jake gripped her wrist, she flinched.
"Baby, you need to get back to work." He snorted softly.
She groaned. "Aww, I was just getting into it."
"Yeah, I saw." He reached down and adjusted his cock.
Her lips pulled into a grin. The man was too sexy for his own good. "You approve?" She couldn't help seeking his approval.
"What do you think?" He wrapped around her and rubbed his hardness into her hip.
She turned in his arms and kissed him deeply, but he pulled away first.
"If you don't go back to work, I will throw you on this floor and bang you right here. Now, go!"
He used his dominant voice and it resonated down to her core. Then she remembered she still held the flogger in hand. She lifted it and swatted the rug with it.
He looked torn. "What am I going to do with you? You drive me out of my fucking mind."
"I really like this. I feel powerful." Hitting the rug a few more times made the blood rush in her veins, a heady feeling for sure.
"That's nice, baby," he moaned. "We'll play later. Go to work." He took the flogger from her and patted her ass. "Go!"
She kissed him quickly on the lips and ran out of the room. Elation bubbled through her and left her with two thoughts; no one better mess with her at work, and when could she train again?


Chapter Twenty

They'd been in their new relationship for weeks and Jake remained the dominant one thus far. He was ready for Kristy to Top for the night but wasn't sure how to ask. After dinner at her place, they stretched out on the couch together to watch a movie, but Jake couldn't get into it and couldn't sit still with all the pent-up energy swimming through him.
"What's wrong?" She smoothed her hand over his cheek. "You can tell me anything, except that you're leaving me." Sure, she was kidding, but he gave her a pissed-off look anyway. "I'm sorry, bad joke." She ducked her head feeling guilty, they had grown close in a short period of time, and she didn't mean the words.
"Yes, very bad." He sat up abruptly and cupped her face in his large hands. "I can't imagine my life without you in it." His lips pressed against hers, quick and hard. "You mean the world to me. I-I..."
She looked expectant, almost tearing up, and he dropped his chin. "...I want to say them to you. I do." He forced out his words on a whisper.
"Say what?"
"Those three words every woman wants, but it's hard for me. I've never said it to anyone. Ever." He couldn't tell what he was more afraid of, the fact that she knew he loved her, or what he'd just shared with her; both were big admissions. His pulse echoed in his hearing, and his throat restricted.
"No one? Not even family?" She trailed a fingernail along his jaw.
"No one. My family was never into the whole affectionate thing. We just knew we loved each other, I guess." He shrugged, and his anxieties eased with her looking at him lovingly.
"Well, I know you love me, and I also know you'll tell me one day, when you're ready." She smiled at him.
It warmed his heart. He did love her, and maybe he would be able to tell her one day, but as he thought about it, panic struck. Did she feel the same way, and love him back? She hadn't said.
Kristy rose from the couch and headed to the kitchen. He loved watching her hips sway as she walked away, that was a sight that would never get old. Halfway there, she stopped and turned to him. "Jake, I love you, too."
He was stunned and didn't know what to say or do. He wanted to say it, really he did, and he wanted to jump up and hug her tight. Instead, he sat there. Staring.
Her lips pulled into a beautiful smile and she left for the other room.
When she came back with two beers and popcorn, he realized he hadn't moved since she left. He wanted to tell her, but his lips wouldn't form the words.
She placed the treats on the coffee table in front of the couch, and then sat down and snuggled up against him. "And I didn't say that just because it came up. You can ask your sister."
"What? You talked to her about this? About us?"
"She asked me if I loved you, and I told her yes. Now shush. Let's watch the movie." She picked up the remote but before she could hit a button, he took it from her and tossed it aside.
"You're unbelievable. How do you get deeper and deeper into my heart each minute? Come with me. Now." His voice was raspy, demanding and she shivered out of excitement.
He led her to the playroom. "I want to show you something." He walked into the room and pointed to a hook next to the door. From his pocket, he pulled the silver silky bit of fabric from their first session and hung it from the hook. "I carry this around quite often. It reminds me of you. You wouldn't recognize it by sight, but maybe if you touch it..." He took the material and ran the silk over her cheeks and down her neck and arms.
She closed her eyes and her breathing stuttered.
"Our relationship, and all that it is, is still new to me, and I'm not sure how to go about certain things. So, I've come up with an idea." He hung the silk on the hook. "Whoever wants to Top a scene will take this fabric and present it to the other. Once the other person accepts it, the scene begins, and the silk is given back to the Top."
"Or one could just ask?" She shrugged.
"Just play my game, okay?" He pleaded with her, needing it to be this way. She nodded. "Tonight though, I want you to present it to me."
"Jake, I'm not very good at this. I don't know how to use anything in here." She gestured around the room, but her gaze never left his. "Nor do I know how to set up a scene." Apprehension flooded her face and worry creased her features.
"I'll teach you in time, but for now, restrain me and have your way with me. I don't want to think, I just want to feel." His voice was low and probably showed he was on the verge of desperation.
"Oh, Jake." She wrapped her arms around his waist and held him, swaying back and forth.
It felt right to him; like he belonged. Something he didn't think he'd ever had before in his life.
"Oh, how I love you." She sighed, pressing kisses to his jaw.
Leaving him there for a moment, she reached for the silk. Holding it to her chest, she turned and locked the door.
The cloth went from her hand to his and back to her again. Jake knelt at her feet. Giving himself over freely, his head dropped. He waited for a long moment, thinking she couldn't go through with it, and then finally her hand caressed the top of his head.
She walked a circle around him. "I don't like this position. When you kneel for me I want you standing on your knees, wrists crossed behind your lower back, and your head down."
He adjusted his position. "Does this please you, Ma'am?" The words were foreign in his mouth, but he rather enjoyed them, knowing they were said for Kristy. His dick twitched.
Standing directly in front of him, she pulled his face to her breasts. "Mmmm, I believe it does." She ran her hands through his hair, digging her nails in and trailing them from his scalp, inside his shirt, and down his back as far as she could reach.
He shivered.
"Oh, yes it does, but don't call me Ma'am, it makes me feel older than I am, and we both know I have issues with that." She bent and swatted his ass.
"Yes, Mistress?"
"That's better, but we have the matter of all these clothes on your body. Remove them."
He removed his clothing and stood before her, head down, with his hands clasped in front of his body, waiting for her next instruction.
"To the table." She pointed to the padded vinyl massage table he'd had her on not too long ago.
Once he was on the table, she tried to strap him in but had trouble doing so. "Here let me help." He sat up and showed her how to adjust the cuffs and secure them around his ankles.
"Lay down." She shoved him back and restrained his wrists almost like a pro. "Not gonna do anything crazy, but use your safewords if needed. Standard ones apply." She grinned at him.
"Yes, Mistress." He was thrilled to hear her getting into her role, and his erection proved it. "May I ask a question?" He kept his voice soft.
"Yes." Her reply came out a little breathless so he assumed she'd seen his hardened shaft or she was as affected as he was.
"May I look at you?"
"Briefly. Then I'm blindfolding you." When he looked up, she was gazing at him from hooded eyes, looking sexier than hell. He doubted she even knew what she did to him.
Kristy removed her clothing down to her undergarments and stopped there. His dick bobbed. "That's it, big boy." Crawling up the table and over his abs, she straddled him. "See you later."
She winked and that was the last thing he saw before darkness descended. Anxiety hovered, but when he felt her touch he pushed his fears aside and relaxed.
Jake lost track of time as she assaulted his senses using her lips, teeth, tongue, and fingers to explore and ignite his body from head to toe. What started as a slow burn became a raging inferno. He couldn't take the torture anymore. He was either going to die or explode; he needed her and needed her soon. Just as he started to safeword, he opened his mouth, Kristy's tongue found his, and he moaned instead.
After her calming, loving kiss, she went south and probed his balls with her tongue, causing them to tighten. She engulfed the head of his cock with her mouth and took one hard long suck. His body started to shake involuntarily. Next thing he knew, a condom was rolled on, and her heat crashed down on him.
"Oh yes, fuck me!" he cried.
She rode him fast and hard as her pussy milked him for all he was worth.
He could hear himself making all kinds of perverse noises. He couldn't help himself. Oh, God, what she does to me, how will I ever survive her?
One of the biggest orgasms of his life was spooling down his lower back and up around to his balls. The burn of his erection was growing hotter as each minute passed. Finally, he could go no more. Thrusting as much as the restraints would allow, he exploded hard. He let out the loudest noise he'd ever heard leave his body as light exploded behind his eyes. Fighting to get his breath back, his dick rocked with spasms as Kristy let out a cry of her own release, collapsing to his chest.
He wasn't exactly comfortable but felt warmth in his arms. His eyes fluttered open and the playroom ceiling came into focus. Kristy was pressed against his side, sleeping. They were still on the table, their naked bodies covered by one of his aftercare blankets.
He kissed her on the head. "Baby?" he whispered, and tried to untangle her limbs from his body so he could answer nature's call.
She startled awake and jumped, looking around.
Her gaze found him and he smiled. "Hello there."
"Hello there, yourself." She leaned and kissed his lips. "I think you liked what I did, maybe just a little?" A small giggle slipped from her mouth.
He flipped her and used his weight to pin her down. "Damn, woman, as if you couldn't tell." He closed his eyes at the memory and opened them again. Touching his forehead against hers, he continued. "I don't know that I liked the teasing. You almost killed me, and I almost used my safeword, I think, but then you changed tactics like you knew. That was the hardest I can ever remember coming. Oh God, it was good, baby, so good." He took a deep breath, shook his head, and rolled off the table, heading to the bathroom.
When he came back she was standing by the door, wrapped in the blanket and staring at the silver cloth she'd returned to the hook. Without turning to him, she said, "I like your idea, with the silk. I never knew what it looked like, and never associated a color with the sensation. Seeing it? Well, let's just say it does things to me."
He pulled the blanket off her. "Oh, yeah? What kinds of things?" He slid his hand between her folds and groaned at the wetness. "You're so ready for me again." He finger-fucked her until her walls contracted, and she leaned all her weight against his body. Lowering her to the floor, he growled. "I don't have a condom. I want to fuck you!" He kissed her passionately, the familiar ache of need building painfully.
"I'm on the pill, Jake. Fuck me." She breathed the words out.
She used his name a lot, and while he should've been mad at her for not following protocol in the playroom, he loved hearing it from her mouth. He slipped his cock into her and practically whimpered at the feel of her hot wetness connecting with his skin. He'd only been bareback once in his life, back in high school. Luckily, nothing negative happened, but he couldn't remember that time feeling as good as it did with Kristy. He slammed into her fast and hard. This was a quickie in the truest sense of the word. She peaked first and he soon followed.
Slipping out of her, he rolled onto the floor next to her, placing his arm over his eyes. "Shit, baby. I can't get enough of you."
"I know how you feel," she whispered.
They lay on the floor for a long time, cuddling on the blanket by the door. They never made it out that night, between talking, making love, and fucking. They discussed life—past, present, and future. It did his heart good. They spoke of their love for one another, but he still hadn't said the words, "I love you."
He could see a future with this woman. Something he'd never imagined for himself. When she bought up wanting children, he didn't panic and was surprised that he, too, could see the two of them with kids one day. His heart fluttered.


Epilogue ~ Two Months Later...

"Do you miss it, Jake?" Kristy wanted to know. He seemed a little bit off lately and she sensed he missed the club.
"Miss what, baby?" They were sitting together on a park bench after a jog. He pressed his lips to her temple.
"Being a Service Top." A sidelong glance showed her he was mulling over the question.
"Sometimes I do. I mean, it was a big part of my life for quite some time so I can't pretend it never happened."
"No, I wasn't asking you to. I just thought if you wanted to go back part-time, maybe you can talk to Master Kyle."
"What? You want me to go back?" He released his arm from around her shoulder and pulled away to look at her with wide eyes.
"I know you enjoy it. I trust you. I love you, and I'm secure in our relationship. So, I have no problem with it, unless you do." She flipped her hair and turned to face him on the bench.
"That's generous of you, but I don't know. While I do miss it, I don't know if I could go back to a schedule. I've changed so much since then." He turned his head away from her and toward the traffic going by.
Kristy slouched on the bench.
Jake turned his attention back to her. "They called today to ask me if I'd do a demo tonight in the big room."
"They did?" Kristy's heart thudded at the thought of watching him in action again. It had been a while since she'd seen him in that atmosphere. "Are you going to do it?"
"I told them I'd let them know soon. I was going to tell them no anyway, but didn't feel like arguing with Kyle when he called. He can be persuasive...I was going to call back when someone else would be manning the phones, to say no."
His gaze lowered toward her mouth.
Her mouth went dry and she licked her lips. "I think you should do it." She sat up, anticipating a kiss, but he just stared at her face, and his eyes dilated.
"You do?" He pulled her close and his lips brushed the shell of her ear.
"Uh-huh." She uttered the words breathily, and a chill ran through her.
"Let's go home." He took her hand, but didn't rise from the bench. Tilting his head, he sighed. "But first, I've been meaning to ask you something."
Her heart fluttered, but she knew it would be silly to expect that kind of question from Jake. He still hadn't said he loved her, and figured by now he'd never say it. But she knew he did, and that's all that mattered. "Ask away."
"I'm sick of Roxi living with me. I want to give her your place." He waited expectantly.
She played the words back in her head several times. "Y-you want me to move out?" She blinked.
"Yes. I'm sorry, is this too soon?"
Her breath left her lungs in a hiss.
He took both her hands in his and rubbed her knuckles with his thumbs.
She couldn't look at him. "Well, I guess I could ask Steven if I could use the guest room until I find another place." Tears pricked at the backs of her eyes. She hadn't seen this coming, things were going so well, and she loved him, damn it.
"No, I'm not asking you to move out completely." He scooped her into his lap and squeezed her tight. "I'm asking you to move in with me. Roxi in your place, and you in mine." He brushed her hair over her shoulder and gave it a tug. "Look at me." Jake's voice firm and strong meant business. "I'm sorry if I upset you; that was never my intent. You know I care about you. I would never send you away. Not now, not ever."
The sad tears that had been threatening released full force as tears of joy. Nothing but love there. "Yes, Jake. I'll move in with you."
He kissed her and stood, bringing her with him. Pulling her against his chest he lifted her off the ground and swung her around in a circle. "Come on, let's start moving you both now!" Setting her on the ground, he tugged at her hand to drag her back to the gym.
Kristy, Roxi, and Jake stood in the hallway. The last box had been moved.
"Thank you, Kristy. I appreciate you giving up your apartment for me. I like living here at the gym. It's convenient to work out, and I like being near you guys." Roxi hugged her, and said for her ears only, "I couldn't be happier with the two of you living together."
"Not a problem." She couldn't help but grin from ear to ear. Although she'd always had Roxi's approval, she liked hearing it from time to time.
"Yo, Jake. Thanks for the place...I love you, bro." The three words never spoken before between the siblings hung in the air. Roxi gave her brother a hug and he held her longer than he usually would have.
"Yeah, me too, sis." Of course he wouldn't say it back. He pulled away and they stood smiling at each other in a comfortable silence.
Kristy tried to shimmy past them to give them privacy.
"Hey, where are you going?" Jake grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to his chest. "Not sneaking off, are you?" He nibbled at her neck, and she giggled.
"You two go play. I've got an apartment to set up." Roxi strode to her place and closed the door.
Jake's phone vibrated, and he pulled it from his pocket, keeping hold of Kristy with his other arm. He read the screen and his brow furrowed. "It's a text from Kyle. He wants to know my answer about tonight's demo."
"Do it. I'm getting hot and bothered just thinking about you up there. I only got to sit back and watch you do your thing once. It was exciting and intense."
"That was the most intense scene I've ever participated in. Do you know why?" Her eyes were full of passion.
It made her innards go to mush, and she shook her head slowly.
"I imagined she was you. I couldn't see her face; she had your hair color and skin tone, it was easy to get lost in my head." He skimmed his knuckles over her cheek. "Thoughts of you are what pushed me into Topspace."
"Oh." Waves of warmth encompassed her body. "Will you Top at the club again? Please?" She tried to look coy and beseeching.
"Most definitely, for you." He grabbed her shoulders and pulled her to his mouth for a kiss, but she pushed away when his phone vibrated yet again. Slamming his eyes shut, he inhaled a deep breath before he answered it. "Jake, here."
Kristy went to the bedroom to unpack her clothing and fill the side of the closet and dresser that Jake had emptied just for her. Her heart swelled at the sight of the bare spaces waiting to be occupied. She was really doing this, she was moving in with the man she truly cared for. She'd done this once before with Steven, but this time felt different, it felt right.
Something caught her eye. She walked over to a gift bag on the bed, and the tag hanging from the handle had her name scrawled on it. Opening the bag, she pulled out a pile of black fabric just as Jake walked into the room.
"You insist on remaining a member at the club, so I figured you needed clothes to fit the part. I got the outfit for you a couple of days ago. It seems fitting for you to wear it tonight. Hurry up and get dressed. We have to leave now because I need to go in early to prep the room."
"Thank you, Jake." After a chaste kiss, she carried the bag to the bathroom and marveled at the black spaghetti-strapped cropped shirt with a sweetheart neckline. It had a built-in bra so she removed the one she was wearing and slipped the top on. It fit perfectly, and felt nice against her skin. Next, was a black pleated miniskirt, she laughed. She hadn't worn a mini since high school. Slipping it on anyway, she had to admit it looked good. Working out in the gym more frequently since she lived there was paying off. She felt sexy. "Hey, uh, Jake?"
He popped around the corner into the bedroom and froze. "Fuck. How the hell am I supposed to think with you looking like that? I might have to do you here and now."
Kristy liked the idea and her heartbeat picked up, but Jake didn't move. "What shoes should I wear?"
He sighed heavily. "Wear your black fuck-me pumps." He closed his eyes and shifted his growing cock. "What do you have on under the skirt?"
She turned seductively and lifted it to reveal her bare skin. He closed the space between them fast and ground his hips against her. She felt his hardening cock against her ass.
"You'll be the death of me, woman. Put on your silk black panties." He groaned. "We don't have time now, but know I'll be taking you from behind in that outfit at the first opportunity."
She swelled with desire, and the temperature went up a few degrees. "We have to go, Jake, or we'll be late."
He nipped at her neck and pulled away with a moan.
She slipped on her panties and heels, and they headed to the club.
When they arrived, Master Kyle was playing bartender. Why would a man of his status work that job?
When he spotted her, he stopped what he was doing to watch her walk by. He checked her out from head to toe, and grinned, obviously liking what he saw.
She slowed her pace and let her hips sway a little more than usual. "Hello, Stan." She winked. His mouth popped open as he pushed the button to let them downstairs.
"That's not nice, you know." Jake met her at the bottom of the stairs and put his arm around her waist.
"What?" She squinted at him.
"Teasing men like that. I saw what you did to Kyle up there." Jake's playful tone matched his goofy grin.
"Me? Tease? Never!" She pulled away from him and continued down the hall, strutting her stuff.
"You just wait until later!" He wickedly growled at her.
"I look forward to it, Master Jay." She made sure her voice was raspy and seductive as she winked over her shoulder.
"Fuck."
She threw her head back, laughing at his mutter. It was such a rush, having that power and making Jake just crumple at her feet. Feeling sexier than she ever had in her life made her stronger, more confident.
People were starting to arrive and fill the showroom. Roxi and Jonathan sat at a table right next to the stage so she made her way over to them. Before she could reach their table, she felt a hand wrap around her wrist and tug her to the side.
"Kristy?" Steven looked at her with huge round eyes. "After all the years I've known you, I can't believe what I'm seeing. Have you really embraced this lifestyle? The kink world?" His gaze traveled up and down her body.
She grinned because he was probably sporting a boner. Ignoring him, she smiled over at Mona whose eyes were just as wide as Steven's. "Hello, Mona." Kristy gave her a real smile. She was over the brief feelings of bitterness toward the woman. It wasn't her fault Kristy and Steven had failed at a relationship. "What brings you guys here?"
"You, actually." She gave a lopsided smile. "Steven told me about his run-in with you in the guest room." Mona cleared her throat. "He asked if I would consider checking this out, and after some research and attending a munch, here we are." She gave a shy little shrug. They were dressed casually in jeans and T-shirts. Several others were dressed similarly, and this made Kristy feel extra sexy standing there talking to them in her new outfit.
"Well, Jake is doing the demo and he's one of the best. So, you'll be educated and it will be eye-opening. I'd better go take my seat before they start. See you guys around." She leaned in to Steven to give him a quick peck on the cheek and leaned over and gave Mona a hug. She held no resentment toward the woman now, and knew one day they might even be friends. She pulled back and noticed how good the two looked as a couple.
Kristy went and sat next to Roxi. "Hey, why are you here? I thought you didn't do kink in public, that it was private for you and Jonathan. Unless you're getting some part-time hours in?"
"No, someone dragged me here against my will." Roxi crossed her arms over her chest and slouched against the back of her chair.
Jonathan chuckled. "There's a good reason, and you'll both find out why in a little while." The mischievous grin spreading across his face made Kristy's stomach twist with nerves.
The lights dimmed and most of the talking ceased as Master Kyle, who wasn't usually around for amateur nights, stepped up on stage to welcome everyone. He explained the demo they were about to see on flogging, and he spoke a little about floggers and the different materials they were made of and what the different effects were.
"Without further ado, I'll ask Master Jay if he would please join me." As Jake walked past Kristy, his fingers brushed her shoulder lightly, sending a chill up her spine. He took his spot next to Kyle and her body started becoming aroused just at the sight of him up there in his leathers. No hood. She had learned he wore it only around her during their first encounter, to hide his identity.
Kristy zoned out, too busy staring at him, and she didn't listen to everything they were saying. Kyle asked Jake what type of flogger he'd be using on his bottom and he said suede. Her favorite, that got her attention. She noticed there was no bottom or sub up there, and looked around the darkened room. Nobody was walking up to the stage, but she did notice a lot of people had showed up for the demo. Standing room only. Must've been Jake's reputation bringing them in. Oddly, she felt incredibly proud.
Mater Kyle's voice boomed through the room. "Master Jay, please get your assistant for this evening."
Kristy watched as Jake stepped down and walked straight to her. He held out his hand and despite her heart hammering away in her chest, she lifted hers automatically.
"That's it, little one," he coaxed. Just before they stepped on the stage, he leaned in and whispered in her ear. "I didn't want to do this with just anyone. Are you all right with this?"
Was she? She didn't respond.
"We're going to show these nice people how to use the flogger. They need to learn somewhere, right? Not everyone has a training room."
Training room. Somehow that kicked her mental gears in action. She remembered the last time Jake was on stage with a bottom, and wishing it were her. Now was her time. She could do this. "Yes, Sir."
Jake pulled her up with him. "Kneel."
After slipping her shoes off, Kristy went to her knees and presented for her Top assuming the position he preferred, much like Jonathan's—on her heels, hands behind her back pushing her chest out, head down.
Jake stroked her hair as he talked about the connection of trust that should be there between the Top and bottom at all levels of play, and how things should always be safe, sane, and consensual.
"Stand." His domineering voice rippled through her middle and she shivered. A small quiet chuckle left his throat. He took her to the spanking bench where she automatically kneeled on the ledge. As he strapped her ankles in, he spoke quietly to her. "Sorry I didn't tell you about this. I knew you would chicken out, and you're the only one I want to be here with. Maybe we can take this show on the road." He laughed to himself and gently pushed her upper body down on the apparatus.
Jake stood and explained restraint use and safety while Kristy tried to clear her mind and relax. Maybe she would even enjoy what was coming. Her cheeks flushed and it didn't go unnoticed by Jake.
"Turn your head toward everyone, little one."
When she first lay down, she had turned her face away to look at the wall. She felt less insecure that way.
"I want everyone to see your beautiful flush, and your enjoyment of what's to come."
Kristy turned her head at Jake's request, and her face grew warmer as she realized all eyes were focused on her.
Jake moved her hair from her face and ran his knuckles over her exposed cheekbone. "Beautiful." He went on to restrain her wrists.
Cool air rushed to her ass as she perched it in the air. Thank God she wore panties and had shaved.
Jake rubbed his hands on her rear and patted her cheeks a few times, explaining how he was warming her up.
Her butt was jiggling. She wanted to laugh, but reeled it in. After she received a few light smacks from his hand, she changed gears and realized her breathing was ragged with anticipation. She closed her eyes to give in to the feeling.
"Open your eyes," he commanded.
She forced her eyes open and in her direct sight line sat Jonathan.
He gave her the eyes-on-me signal, pointing from his eyes to her and back.
His smile was warm and comforting and it relaxed her. She could do this. The next thing she felt were the tendrils of the flogger running over every exposed inch of her skin. All her senses were on alert. She no longer heard the demonstration, but was feeling it.
"Safewords apply here, too." Jake brushed his lips on her ear, and then stood to talk about safewords.
This seemed to be a beginner's workshop of sorts. BDSM Flogging 101? She nodded, playing her part. "Yes, Sir."
Jake gave her a few smacks on her butt with his hand, and soon after, light flicks of the flogger kissed her slightly stinging ass.
She moaned louder than she wanted to and her eyes widened. Jonathan gave a nod of encouragement, and whether he sat near to the stage on purpose or not, she was thankful. Judging by the look on his face, she had a feeling the moaning was a good thing.
During the demo she'd watched, the woman had moaned and screamed. People enjoyed it, and she didn't want to disappoint Jake, so she decided she would embrace it and forget that anyone else was there.
The flogger bit harder against her skin. She moaned in pleasure, and Jonathan looked on through hooded eyes.
The pain from the flogging wasn't too bad at first, but then the blows continued for some time, and he seemed to be landing the strikes as hard as the suede would allow. He was taking her further than she'd ever gone before. Jake asked what her color was, and her mouth answered, "Green" before she even had time to think about it. When she stopped doubting what she was doing, the pain became less, and the pleasure set in. And that's when she allowed herself to soar into the abyss.
The restraints from her wrists were being removed, and in her dazed state, she could hear Jonathan as he worked on the cuffs. "You did good, cutie. You back with us now?" He smiled at her before he rose and got to work on her ankles. Jake went on talking about aftercare as someone rubbed a soothing lotion on her butt cheeks.
After he freed her of all the restraints, Jonathan squatted near her head. "You want to stay here for a minute?"
"Yes, please, but don't go." The endorphins were fading, making her feel self-conscious, off-center, and needing comfort. "Can you hold me?"
He scooped her up and sat on the bench cradling her. "This good?" he whispered.
"Uh-huh."
Jake went on to explain how to clean and care for the floggers.
Kristy was feeling more alert. "How much of a fool did I make of myself?" She spoke so only the two of them could hear.
Jonathan smiled. "You didn't. You were perfect. The audience was held captive. No one spoke or moved. You were beautiful as usual." He stroked her hair off her face. "Such a natural."
Jake concluded his lengthy talk, walked over to Jonathan, and lifted Kristy in his arms. He pressed his face into her neck and inhaled. "Damn, I want you more than I did before."
She could feel a slight tremor from his body. "Then let's get out of here." She tried her best to flash a sexy smile.
"One more demo first." He stiffened and suddenly appeared nervous, shifting his stance.
"Huh?"
"Are you feeling back to yourself?"
She thought about it for a moment before answering. "Yes, I feel fine."
He placed her on her feet and waited. When she stood strong, he got down on one knee and she heard someone gasp; it sounded like Roxi.
Kristy shook her head, confused. Was he kneeling in submission? "Jake? What's going on?"
He held up a black velvet ring box and opened it. Inside sat a simple gold band with a diamond solitaire.
She covered her mouth in surprise.
"Kristy, you make happier than I've ever been in my life. I can't imagine a day without you...I love you."
Tears flowed freely from her eyes down her cheeks and dripped onto her breasts.
"Will you marry me?"
She nodded until she could speak. "Yes, yes, I'll marry you! I love you so much."
He stood, removed the ring from the box, and placed it on her finger. It fit perfectly. He kissed the ring on her finger. "It's beautiful, just like you." His mouth crashed down on hers as the room erupted in applause.
Remembering where they were, they turned and smiled as Kristy held up her hand to show the ring. People yelled out congratulations and were cheering.
"About time someone straightened him out!"
"Master Jay is off the market!"
"Lucky dog!" That one was from Jonathan as he sat grinning.
"One more thing." Jake handed her their silver silky fabric as he went into his submissive kneel for her.
"Jake? I don't understand." Waiting for him to explain, she rolled the material through her fingers.
He looked out at the quieting crowd and announced, "Kristy will now demonstrate for you. We haven't had a dominant woman on this stage in a long time."
That statement caused some gasps and she could hear murmuring out in the audience. She leaned over to him and through gritted teeth said, "What the hell? I can barely hold it together. I'm horny, beyond happy, and still high from your flogging. I have all these emotions and I don't know what to do with them."
"Yes, baby. You know exactly what to do with them." He answered her quietly and without moving or looking at her; he kept his gaze on the floor.
Jonathan came over and took the empty ring box from Jake and handed her the flogger. "No worries, cutie. You've got this. Just remember all the training you guys have done. Piece of cake." He hopped off the stage and headed to the table where Master Kyle sat in the seat she'd previously occupied.
Frozen in fear, she knew her mouth was hanging open. The room was quiet, and her heart pounded away in her ears. Sweat was beading on her forehead. "To the bench," she ordered. Her voice wasn't quite what she wanted, but not as bad as it could have been.
Jake went to the bench and she buckled him in. "I'm going to get you for this," she said only for him.
"Promise?" His smile was blinding.
"Ugh, you infuriate me sometimes. You're lucky I love you as much as I do." They both erupted in smiles.
"Get what you give." She lowered Jake's leathers, smoothing her hand over his now exposed muscular ass. Kristy didn't give verbal instructions to the crowd as she touched, teased, and warmed Jake up. Seeing him on the bench for her, and the diamond on her ring finger, she fell into her role and blocked out the room full of people watching. She flogged him using the techniques she'd learned in the training room over the last couple of months. Fortunately, she was confident in herself or she would've never been able to go through with it.
Master Kyle got up on stage and his voice brought her back to reality. "We'd like to thank everyone for coming out tonight for this extraordinary demonstration, and to bear witness to something special between Jake and Kristy. I couldn't be happier for them. Jake is like family to me, and Kristy has grown on me something fierce in such a short time. I welcome her to the family with open arms."
Everyone broke out in a thunderous applause.
Kristy had slowed her routine when Master began speaking, and then released Jake from the bench, helping him with his pants, and then hugging him tight. They were in one another's arms when Master Kyle came over, wishing them congratulations with hugs on top of hugs.
"I love you so fucking much, baby," Jake declared, easily. He evidently didn't care who heard him either.
Kristy looked down at Jonathan and Roxi.
They smiled, clapped, and wore crooked grins on their faces.
When she looked closer, she realized Roxi had tears in her eyes.
As they stepped off the stage, Sherry came running over with Dan in tow. "Congratulations, you two! I can't believe it." Sherry hugged and quickly kissed Jake on the cheek. She turned to a stunned Kristy and wrapped her arms around her and cried tears of joy. "I hadn't realized how serious you two were. And I don't have to ask how you guys feel about one another. It's obvious to the whole room how in love you are."
"I didn't know you were here." Kristy pried Sherry off, laughing.
"Jake invited us, told us to hide out until it was over. I understand why, now. Damn, girl, you look so good, sexy, and so happy."
"I have you to thank, Sherry." The two women stood there grinning at each other until Jake tugged on Kristy's arm and smiled like a little boy.
"Time to go." Kristy's insides were about to combust from the look he gave her.
Sherry understood and hugged them both and retreated.
All Kristy wanted to do was get home and spend quality time with her man, but everyone wanted to stop and congratulate them. Even Steven and Mona.
"You were great up there." Steven's eyes twinkled.
She knew how he felt. They would always be friends and would always love each other in their own special way.
Mona and Jake must have seen it too. They backed off and spoke to each other to give them privacy.
"Did you find your happy, Kristy? It looks like you have."
"Yes, Steven, I found my happy." Her eyes began to tear up.
"I can see it, you exude happiness." He reached up and wiped a tear just as it released from her lid. "Why are you crying?"
"I can't not cry. I have all these feelings that want out at the same time. I'm overwhelmed" She smiled up at him. "Mostly they're happy tears."
"Mostly?" He pulled her close and held her as she sobbed.
"I regret what happened with us." She was sad for them, and a dam burst inside her. It was one she'd held on to for so long. "I'm sorry. I don't know what's wrong with me."
He pulled away and held her shoulders, giving her a slight little shake. "Hey now, no regrets, okay? We had our time. Everything happens for a reason. You found Jake. I have Mona. I don't know where that will go, but for now, things are fine. I really like her, and she likes me."
"I'm glad to hear it." Sniffling, she wiped her nose with the back of her hand.
Jake and Mona joined them. "We should get going." Jake tucked Kristy against his side.
"Yes, I'm ready." Kristy leaned up on her toes and gave Steven a soft quick peck on the lips. "Goodbye, Steven, and Mona, good to see you." In her heart and soul, this was her way of letting Steven go, and being at peace with it, finally. It was the first time she'd allowed herself to feel anything about Steven since they broke up, but she had Jake now, and he filled the empty gap in her heart. She and Steven would remain friends, no matter what.
"Let's go...fiancée." Jake grinned from ear to ear. "I like the sound of that."
"So do I." She took his hand and led him to Room Ten, wiggling her ass in front of him. "Take me from behind like you've wanted to all night, and then I want my future husband to take me home and make love to me." Before they entered, she glanced at Jake. The handsomely devilish grin on his face wrecked her completely. She'd never look at or want another man for as long as she lived.
Inside the closed door, she gave the silky fabric back to Jake as a transfer of power, and got to her knees, hands behind her back with her head down. She quietly whispered, "I love you."
His hand rested gently on the top of her head. "I love you too, baby."
###THE END###

First two chapters from Silken Desires (Silken Edge #2) ~ Jonathan & Roxi
	
Chapter One

Roxanne Foresman was thankful for the five-hour flight home. Wanting to use the time as an opportunity to make things right, she took a deep breath, and turned to face her ex-boyfriend Jonathan Montgomery. “I’m glad we’re sitting together. I have something—”
“Excuse me.” A female voice cut in.
Roxi looked up at an attractive flight attendant who seemed to appear out of nowhere.
“Before our flight departs, we’re looking for able bodied volunteers to sit by the emergency exit. Would either of you be interested?” The woman’s sultry eyes lingered on Jonathan for far too long causing a swell of jealousy to swim up around Roxi.
“I’m able bodied.” Jonathan winked at the attendant. “And I’ve sat there before, I know the drill. You don’t mind, do you Rox?” Glancing down at her, he had an excited boyishness to his facial expression, like someone told him he’d be getting a new puppy.
Hesitating just a second, she sighed. “No, that’s fine. Go ahead.”
“Excellent. Let me show you to your seat, sir.” The attendant gestured toward the rear of the plane.
Roxi knew he got a secret thrill out of being called Sir outside of Underground Decadence, the BDSM club where he worked and played. But then again, she knew a lot about the handsome man she knew and loved for most of her life.
Jonathan unbuckled and jumped up, grabbing his carry-on luggage. He didn’t look back, the flight attendant however, did. It wasn’t a very nice look at all. It was as if she could read Roxi’s disappointment over the seating change, and reveled in her misery.
Once the plane reached altitude and a series of chimes sounded throughout the cabin, Roxi unbuckled. The attendant from earlier must have caught her action, and came over. “I’m sorry, but you need to keep buckled unless the captain turns off the seatbelt sign. It’s for your safety.”
Roxi eyed her name tag. “Can I at least use the restroom, Linda?”
“Of course, it’s up that way.” Linda spoke using an overly sweet tone, and pointed toward the front of the plane. Jonathan sat in the opposite direction, and she needed to talk to him. Roxi sighed in defeat, but headed to the ladies’ room anyway.
As soon as she locked the door behind her they hit a pocket of turbulence making her feel woozy. She gripped onto the sink for a moment to wait out the bumpy ride. She heard a couple more chimes from overhead, probably the Captain calling the flight attendants. Shortly after, they made an announcement that the aircraft was approaching more turbulence, and passengers should remain buckled in their seats.
After fixing her hair, washing her hands, and adjusting her clothing she headed out to have that talk with Jonathan. The heck with what the pilot said, she walked slowly, looking for Linda. She didn’t see her anywhere. It was time to make her move. Twelve rows back from her seat, she stopped next to him and smiled at the sight. He had fallen asleep with his head against the window and his mouth hanging open in the most adorable way. Not wanting to wake him, she shook her head and went back to her seat with a smile on her face.
Jonathan was, in her eyes, the most attractive, caring man she’d ever known. Dark cropped hair and green eyes accentuated his friendly face. In the bedroom, however, that face wasn’t so gracious, but damn, that’s when he turned dark and sexy. His tall runner’s physique was perfect, and just the thought of it made her tingle between her legs.

***

“Excuse me, ma’am?”
Roxi rubbed her eyes of sleep, and focused in on Linda. “Yes? Is everything all right?” She sat bolt upright in a panic, looking around. She didn’t mind flying, but nerves usually struck once they hit the runway. That’s why she had asked Jonathan to sit next to her in the first place, and the fact that she could’ve been able to talk to him would’ve been a bonus.
Linda held out a hand. “Oh, yes. Everything is fine. I’m sorry to disturb you.” She motioned to the cart. “Food service?” Linda seemed sincere in her apology, and that helped Roxi to relax a little.
“Um, sure, and a Sprite, too? Please.” Roxi settled back against her seat.
“Certainly.” Linda handed her a tray of food covered in plastic wrap with beads of condensation on the inside. John, Linda’s cart mate, poured her soda. “Enjoy.”
“Thank you.”
As soon as she took a sip and unwrapped her food, the turbulence kicked in again. She sat watching the effervescent liquid dance around in the clear plastic cup. With nervous butterflies in her stomach, she only took small nibbles of her food for fear of getting airsick. She never had before, but didn’t want to take any chances.
After the food service ended and all the trash collected, Roxi decided to try and talk to Jonathan once more. She stood and surveyed the walkway. It was clear. When she made it to his seat her mouth popped open in disbelief. Linda sat right next to Jonathan and they were laughing at something, and then she noticed the woman’s legs draped across his lap. Roxi turned to escape before either of them could see her.
“Roxi? You okay?” Jonathan’s voice called to her.
Shit, she’d been caught. Slowly glancing over her shoulder, she looked directly at him. “I’m fine. Just checking in with you, but I see you have company.” And Roxi was horribly upset about it. She just wanted a few minutes of his time to talk to him. Explain her side of things.
Jonathan smiled at the woman next to him. “Yeah, Linda’s on her break.”
Roxi looked at the woman who gave her a sly smirk. Bitch. “Okay, see you when we land.” She rushed off before he could see the disappointment on her face or hear it in her voice.
Back at her seat, she buckled up and reflected on the long weekend she’d shared with her small group of friends. They were flying home after attending her brother’s wedding. Jake and Kristy had tied the knot in Vegas, and she wouldn’t have missed it for the world, even if it meant getting on an airplane or two. The newlyweds stayed behind for a week-long honeymoon, while the rest of them; her, Jonathan, Sherry, and Dan flew back home.
Sherry, Kristy’s best friend, and her husband, Dan, were seated all the way in the back of the plane. Roxi hadn’t seen them since boarding.
The weekend went great. The wedding had been simple and beautiful in a little chapel away from the Vegas strip.  Jake, handsome as ever in a dark suit, and Kristy in a simple white gown looked picture perfect. They were so in love it radiated off of them, and anyone in a ten-block radius could see it. Sure, they had their obstacles to get around, like their fourteen-year age difference—Kristy being older. But to have made it as far as they did in their relationship, even though they still had things to work on, was an inspiration. They found true love, and in the end Roxi could see what they went through being worth it.
Their true love is what made her rethink her relationship with Jonathan. She loved him, simple as that, and she could never see herself loving anyone else. A life with him was possible, and she would do almost anything for him.
Almost, and that was the problem. If only Jonathan could be the man she needed him to be, then, and only then, could they make things work. She needed more than he could provide for her, and Roxi didn’t think she could be happy unless those needs were met.

***

Boarding the plane, Jonathan laid eyes on the hottest flight attendant he’d ever seen. Even in her uniform he could tell she had a body he wanted to explore. Oh, that uniform. He’d make her wear it in his playroom, and oh how they’d play. His gaze roamed up and down legs that seemed to go on forever. His dick stirred at the thought of what he might find at the top of those thighs, given the chance.
“I feel sick.” Roxi pulled his attention to her.
“Nerves?” he asked.
She nodded. “Yeah, you know me. I’ll be fine once we get in the air, and even better when we land.”
Not many people were booked on the early morning cross country flight so they took their time as they moved along to their seats. Stopping to check the tickets to be sure they were at the right row, Jonathan placed his carry-on down. “Yep, this is us. Here, give me your bag. I know you can’t lift it.” He took her case and hoisted it over his head with a grunt, placing it in the overhead compartment. “I still don’t get why you had to pack this heavy for a short trip.”
“A girl has needs, and things.”
“You probably didn’t use half the shit in there. Did you?” He tried unsuccessfully not to grin.
She narrowed her eyes at him. “No, but you never know what you’ll need, and what if there’s a weather change? You have to be prepared.”
“In Vegas?” Laughter escaped his throat, but he shrugged it off. Roxanne’s the one and only true love of his life, and yet he was uncertain if they were even friends. But they’d been getting along, so he’d go with it for the time being.
After sitting and buckling his seatbelt, he looked up to see the sexy flight attendant heading their way. Her large breasts, at eye-level with him, bounced underneath her jacket with each step she took. Holding his breath, he pulled his view from her chest to her face.
Red lips curled up in invitation. He was no fool, he could read a woman, and it wasn’t a result of being a Dom. For as long as he could remember in his twenty-four years, he’d always had that special gift. He knew the way she looked at him, and if they were in a bar right now, she’d be going home with him.
She inquired if either one of them would sit by the emergency exit. He jumped at the chance; he would have done anything she asked, right then and there.
The sexy woman hovered close to him and explained the mechanics of the door. He noticed how her dark ponytail hung over her shoulder and cascaded down the swell of her breast, and how her dark blue eyes twinkled in mischief from her soft, pale complexion. Yeah, she wanted him.
Fixated on her lips sparkling with crimson lipstick, and thinking how good they’d look wrapped around his dick, he hadn’t noticed she’d asked him a question. “Sir, did you understand? Do you have any questions?”
“I got it. No problem.” He smiled, and after she walked away, poked his head out in the aisle to watch her go. Her hips had a little extra sway that hadn’t been there before. Moments later he sat back and listened to her voice, slight with a rasp, filter over the intercom as she went on with the pre-flight safety brief. He found the sound of it to be just as sexy as the rest of her. Well, of what he could see.
The takeoff had been smooth, and the climb turbulent, which was the norm for leaving McCarran airport that time of year. Resting his head on the seatback, he felt the plane level out reaching its altitude. Shit, Roxi! He hoped she kept calm, and had a handle on her nerves. He felt bad that he hadn’t asked her to join him, and for a split second wondered why Linda hadn’t seated Roxi beside him. But then he recalled the way the woman looked at him, and he answered his own question. She wanted him tucked away alone.
Jonathan welcomed Linda as a distraction from Roxi. Being so close to her over the weekend made his heart ache all over again. Several months prior, she had returned home after leaving all those months ago. Not only did she leave him, she took off for parts unknown. Not one note or a single phone call explaining why. She disappeared from his life for a year and a few days, but who was counting? He realized his hands were balled into fists and unclenched them slowly.
Jonathan never knew pain like that before. Up until that point, he and Roxi had been inseparable since elementary school, and after she left, he felt dead inside. He had asked her brother, and his best friend, Jake, never to speak of her in his presence again. Even though Jake loved his twin sister, he respected Jonathan’s wish and never mentioned her in conversation. Jake kept his word so well that Jonathan didn’t know when she was back in town. Not until he bound up the steps to Jake’s apartment one morning to find her standing there. His heart stopped beating for a moment and he felt dizzy, but he wouldn’t let her get to him, he’d reeled in his emotions and held strong.
She moved into the apartment across from her brother and started looking for a job. He didn’t think she planned to leave again, but he never thought she would’ve left the first time around, either. He wouldn’t allow himself to get close to her. There’s no way he’d survive if she ripped out his heart again.
Turbulence shook the plane and the squeaking hull pulled Jonathan from his painful thoughts of Roxi only to worry about her again. She hated the feeling in her gut when the plane bounced around. If he was sitting with her, he’d have taken her hand and held it reassuringly.
A little while later, his suspicions of Linda were confirmed. She plopped down into the seat next to him. “Whew, break time, do you mind if I sit here with you for a little?”
He shook his head, almost forgetting to speak. “Not at all.”
She reclined the seat and relaxed against it. Jonathan’s eyes went to her breasts as her jacket pulled tightly across the expanse of her bosom. “So, where’re you heading? Home or away?”
“Home. We were in Vegas for a wedding.”
Linda sat up straight. “Oh, God, is that your new wife you were sitting with?”
Jonathan laughed at her wide-eyed expression. “No, my best friend got married. The woman I was sitting with is his sister.”
“Oh, I am so glad I didn’t separate newlyweds! I would have died.” Linda sat back again, but not as relaxed as before.
“Here.” He reached under her legs. She froze and gaped at him. “Put your feet on my lap. They must hurt walking around in these heels all day.”
She turned her head toward the sleeping couple nearby, then glanced up and down the aisle. Only then did she let him pull her legs into his lap. He slipped off her shoes and began rubbing her stockinged feet. “What are you doing?” Her mouth hung open, but he saw her body slump into relaxation.
“Why? Don’t you like it?” He gave a tilt to his head. The dark-haired beauty put her head back on the headrest and her eyes fluttered as she moaned in response. Jonathan chuckled, and his mind went to other things he could be doing to make her moan. “I’m Jonathan, by the way.” And I want to do kinky things to you.
“Linda,” she breathed.
“Yeah, I kinda got that by the name tag.” He released her foot to point at her name tag.
“Oh.” She giggled.
Movement in the aisle caught his attention. He looked up and saw Roxi walking away. He called to her. When she looked back at him, the low lighting of the cabin lit her face with a soft glow. God, she was stunning, her time away did her good.
He knew every inch of her, inside and out. That thought made him sad. He’d probably never get to run his fingers along the soft skin on the side of her breasts again, or run his hands through her shoulder length silky brown hair, nor would he get to watch her sleep, to see those coppery brown eyes open in the mornings as she draped herself over his chest. She was only a few inches shorter than him, her body was firm and fit, but had curves in just the right places, and she fit the contour of his body perfectly. Fuck. Why does this hurt so bad?



Chapter Two

Jonathan called for Roxi, she looked over her shoulder, and they exchanged a glance. He saw the disapproval in her face before she ran off, and he felt like shit. Why the hell does she make me feel this way? It’s not fair. I should be able to enjoy myself. I owe her nothing, she’s the one who fucked up.
Linda spent the rest of her break talking about her career choice, and Jonathan said he was in customer service. He didn’t speak of it, but he came from a family of wealth and didn’t need to work. He’d signed on at the club for a paycheck just to see what the working life would be like, and to do something he enjoyed in his personal life as well. The pay amounted to nothing more than chump change, but he felt a sense of pride over the first few paychecks he earned on his own.
Linda mentioned she lived about an hour away from him. That’s not too far, he noted.
When the plane pulled up to the gate, Roxi decided to wait for Jonathan and not rush to be one of the first ones off the plane. Besides, she couldn’t get her bag down if her life depended on it. She relaxed in her seat with her eyes closed, relieved to finally be on the ground.
She sensed no more passengers were getting off, so she stood and spied Linda and Jonathan exchanging cell phones. They entered data, most likely phone numbers, and handed them back to one another. Roxi sat back in the aisle seat to wait for Jonathan’s help with her carry-on. Remembering her purse, she bent over to retrieve it from under the seat near the window, her original seat. It got caught on the footrest and she had to fight with the strap to free it. She heard people walking by. As soon as she freed her handbag, she sat up to see who it was. As far as Roxi knew, only she and Jonathan were left on the plane.
And they were, Jonathan had been the one to walk by with Linda in tow. Great. She huffed in frustration and stood on the seat to get her own bag. She fought with it, pulled it, and shimmied it from the overhead compartment. Just as it freed from above, she realized her arms weren’t strong enough to handle it, and threw herself off the seat trying to dodge the bag. Her foot got hung up on the armrest briefly and she couldn’t duck out of the way in time. It slammed down on her head knocking her to the floor as a wheel from the underside slid across her cheekbone. “Shit!” She saw stars before her vision and a wave of dizziness hit.
She lay on the floor for what felt like a long time until the male flight attendant, John, came running from the back of the plane. “Ma’am, are you okay?” He assisted in helping her onto her feet and righting her bag for her.
Averting her gaze full of tears and anger, she spoke to the man. “No, thank you. I’m fine.” Her head throbbed and her face hurt a little, but it was nothing to write home about.
Exiting the plane, alone on the jet bridge with no Jonathan in sight, she resigned herself to hail a taxi for a ride home. She tried to calculate if she had enough money or needed to go to the cash machine. Pushing open the door into the airport, complete chaos ensued in the terminal. Most she could gather was that the next departure at the neighboring gate had been delayed, and people weren’t happy.
She thought she heard her name, but when she looked around she saw no one she recognized so she trudged forward. Retrieving her money from the cash machine she sensed someone behind her. “Hey, honey. Do you need a ride home?” Sherry and Dan flanked her.
“No, I’m good.” She turned and smiled at them, but neither returned the smile. They both raised their eyebrows, eyes wide.
“Dear God, Roxi, what happened to your face? Are you all right?” Sherry put a hand out toward her cheek and then pulled it back without touching her.
Roxi reached up to her aching cheek and felt a bump. “Ouch.” She flinched at the pain from her touch. “I—I didn’t realize…my bag fell on me from the overhead when I tried to take it down.”
“Where’s Jonathan?” Dan asked.
Roxi shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know. His seat got reassigned at the beginning of the flight. I haven’t seen him in a while.”
“He still should’ve waited and walked you out.” Dan’s voice rose in anger.
“He’s not my keeper, Dan. I’m fine.” She turned away hastily and headed toward the exit dragging her luggage.
“Roxi! Come back here, I’m sorry.” Dan’s voice sounded truly apologetic, but she continued anyway.
“Roxi, honey. Please?” The concern in Sherry’s voice prompted her to stop and wait for them to catch up to her.
“You need to get ice on that. Come with me.” Sherry took Roxi’s arm and pulled her to the nearest restaurant and asked for ice explaining to them what had happened. Her friends made her sit and cared for her cheek, which by that point was swelling, and her eye started to feel funny.
After several minutes, a representative from the airline showed up. The restaurant must have called someone. That person in turn called for more people. Then the new arrivals took one look at her and called on their radio for medical assistance. By now Roxi’s head started pounding, and her eye swelled almost completely shut.
A golf cart arrived a couple of minutes later with medics on board. She felt silly for all the attention she received, and when Roxi tried to argue that she could get home fine, her stomach emptied of its contents right at everyone’s feet.
To make matters worse, when she looked up, she saw Jonathan and Linda arm in arm staring right at her.
***
Jonathan and Linda trekked around the airport looking for Roxi. He was supposed to give her a ride home, but they couldn’t find her. After trying to call her phone and texting her, he gave up thinking she went off on her own. They stopped to get an order of food to go, and planned to grab a table overlooking the runways while they ate.
Heading away from the restaurant, they noticed a commotion off to one side of the hallway. The medics pushed their way through the crowd when Linda heard on someone’s radio that there was an injured woman from the flight they’d just departed. “Oh, I need to go see what happened.”
Jonathan led her through the crowd and he couldn’t believe what he saw. Roxi vomited and when she lifted her head he saw her battered face. “What the hell?” He pushed away from Linda and made his way toward her.
“Roxi, what happened to you?” He stood nearby while she hunched over her knees.
“Sir, I’m gonna have to ask you to step back.” An older woman, one of the medics, ushered him away.
“She’s with me. I’m her ride home.” He didn’t take his eyes off Roxi.
“Then maybe you can give us some history on her injury. Do you know what time this happened exactly?” The woman held her notepad, a pen in hand, and ready to write.
“No, no I can’t answer that. We got separated and I’m just now finding her. I didn’t know she got hurt.” He shook his head over the fact that he hadn’t been there for her. Instead he was with Linda, and that made his gut twist in anxiety.
“All right, well, we’re going to need to get her to the hospital and have her checked out. She’s showing signs of a concussion.” The lady handed him a business card. “This is where we’ll be taking her. You can meet us there.”
He wanted to tell Roxi he would meet her there, but she puked into a bucket while Sherry held her hair out of the way and rubbed her back. That should’ve been him helping her. He realized he had been foolish, and anger toward himself boiled through his veins.
“Yes, yes. I’ll be there.” He shoved away from the crowd and headed to the door for the parking area, but he froze before exiting the building. Turning around to look for Linda, he spotted her where he last left her, and he gave a shrug of his shoulders. She waved her hand indicating he should go.
Jonathan and Roxi had parked in the long-term lot which was a far distance to walk, but it would take even longer to wait for the shuttle service to bring him to his car. He picked up his pace and practically ran to the lot. He arrived out of breath, but that didn’t deter him from digging in his carry-on bag for the keys. He wanted to get to Roxi as quickly as possible.
He drove as fast as he could without getting stopped by the police. Pulling off the worst park job ever, he ran into the hospital and immediately went to the information desk. They sent him to a waiting area while the doctor examined Roxi, and said someone would be out to speak with him shortly.
Not a patient man, he paced back and forth with his hands laced behind his head. He couldn’t figure out what happened, and grew agitated with the thought that someone had harmed her. But in a public place like the airport? Someone had to have seen what happened.
Nearly forty-five minutes later, Sherry and Dan appeared in the waiting room. Sherry came over to him and patted his hand. “She’s definitely got a concussion. They’re keeping an eye on her. They might keep her overnight for observation, but she’ll be fine.”
“Do they know what happened to her?” Jonathan’s voice wavered.
Sherry looked at her husband and he nodded. “Tell the boy.” Dan’s voice sounded harsh, and came from a clenched jaw. When Sherry hesitated, Dan jumped in. “Roxi tried taking her bag out of the overhead compartment. It was too heavy for her, and it fell on her.” Bitterness laced his voice.
Jonathan’s hand flew to his mouth. His stomach churned, and he couldn’t have felt worse. Dan had every right to take that tone with him. Hell, he would be beating himself up over this for a long time to come. He sank down in a chair for the first time since he got there. He put his face in his hands and felt the urge to cry. How could he have totally forgotten her like that? He knew when he put that bag in the overhead that she wouldn’t have been able to get it down. He knew he needed to remove it for her, and yet he just blew her off and left with Linda without giving her a second thought.
He felt like shit, and made a silent vow to help her get better. “Should I call Jake and Kristy?”
“No. Let them enjoy their honeymoon. Roxi will be okay. They did a scan and there’s no bleeding, she just bruised her noggin. Dan and I can take her home and look after her for a few days.” Dan and Sherry linked arms.
Jonathan inhaled a deep shaky breath. “No need, I’ll take Roxi to her place and stay with her.”
###

Silken Desires can be purchased at most online retailers; Amazon, B&N, Kobo, Smashwords, and iBooks. It’s available in eBook, paperback, and audio.




~Acknowledgements~

First, I would like to thank you, the reader, for purchasing my work. Randi Alexander, my editor, thank you for keeping me straight, because yes, that first chapter was in need. Mina Carter thank you for my gorgeous cover, you are a delight to work with. And where would I be without my girls - my beta-readers? Thank you; Emily Key, Latascia, Leslee Walters, and Peggy Lang. Martin Crosbie, I want to say thank you for supporting me in this endeavor. Daniele Lanzarotta, thanks so much for being my second set of eyes. And lastly, I want to thank my family and friends for all their love and support. Without them I couldn’t do this.



~About the Author~

Laci enjoys spending time with her family more than anything in the world. She and her husband support their children on the soccer pitch, and off. In addition to reading and writing Laci takes pleasure in the outdoors by way of hiking and camping.

You can find Laci at:
www.authorlacipaige.com
https://twitter.com/laci_paige
https://www.facebook.com/authorlacipaige
Sign up for Laci’s newsletter to keep up with all her exciting news, and fun giveaways:
http://bit.ly/LaciPaige



Also by Laci Paige:
Let’s Keep On Truckin’
(A Ménage Novella)

Lily loves traveling on her job since no one can do it better than her. Being out on the open road gives her plenty of time to reflect and avoid unwanted attention, but somehow it finds her....

When she comes across Ryder, first at a grocery store, then at a rest stop, sexual desire sparks and she knew she had to have him. If only her ex hadn't shown up, igniting a fantasy she never thought possible.

Seeing Alex in a whole new light, Lily realizes second chances are in order, but will she have to choose between the two men? Or could she be happy with both?




Other works by Laci Paige:

Silken Edge Series
The Silken Edge, #1 – Jake and Kristy
Silken Desires, #2 – Jonathan and Roxi
Silken Kisses, #3 – Steven and Mona and Roy
Silken Secrets, #4 – Cindy and Troy and Devon
Silken Courage, #5 – Stan/Master Kyle and Crystal - the final book

Other Novels:
Salty Beaches (new adult/college/sports)

Novella’s by Laci
Let’s Keep On Truckin’ (ménage)
Dark Dreams #1: The 13th Floor (paranormal)
Dark Dreams #2: The Otherside


Please head over to the website where you purchased this, or head over to Goodreads and leave an honest review to let others know your thoughts. Reviews help authors more than you know.

I appreciate every one of you! Thank you!


***










