The Bellwether Blood Witches: Part I

SPELLBOUND
S E COLLINS
SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY
S E Collins on Smashwords

Copyright 2013 by S E Collins

All rights are reserved.  No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

Discover other titles by S E Collins at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/collinsSE

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return toSmashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
.





Prologue 
1911

Stood underneath the moonlight, the night’s warm breeze swirled around me and ruffled the grass under the orchard trees encouraging the subtle scents of summer to kiss my senses.  From across the nearby fields, the impending sound of thunderous hooves stampeded closer.  For several days, David and I had caught the whispers of an infamous vampire army sweeping the land in search of vampires to kill or capture and now they were heading straight for our land.  Yet, despite the vibrating ground beneath my feet, I could not move.   
All of a sudden, David yelled out my name and bolted towards me.  He scooped me up over his shoulder and charged through into the old unused barn on the outskirts of our modest estate.  There we hid underneath an old soiled blanket beneath several bales of hay to confuse the scent.  Perhaps not the most secure hiding place, but we had little choice.  We lay, as still as the dead, listening and waiting.
The faint midnight chime of the clock on the wall at the main house broke the silence, announcing the charge of the deadly vampire army who crashed through our fences obliterating everything in their path.  David and I held still, forced to listen to the sounds of smashing china, cracking wood and ripping cloth as they tore through our farmhouse.  Soon after, distressing screams from our animals followed as the vampire army needlessly slaughtered them one by one.  
David squeezed my hand and kissed my hair in an attempt to provide some comfort.  I tried hard not to react, yet it seemed so unfair.  Ever since vampirism cursed my brother and I, we had been careful, respectful and discreet unlike many others of our kind who fuelled the stereotype of nightwalkers, blood demons or vampires and who were far more deserving of this fate than us.  
One by one footsteps snapped outside the barn where we hid.  
“The scent leads into here.  I’ll investigate.  Start the fires.”  Bellowed a gravelled voice for the benefit of his fellow comrades.
The barn door creaked open at a measured pace.  The unwanted presence triggered an icy chill skating across my skin and automatically my fingers curled tightly around David’s hand for reassurance.  The footsteps moved inside the barn; they did not shuffle, instead they were confident and careful.  A whooshing of a cloak followed whilst the footsteps paused and David’s hand slipped away from mine.
 “Whatever happens, stay down.”  He whispered.
I grabbed his arm to stop him, but his strength doubled mine and he easily slipped from my grasp.  A second later, he exploded to his feet, sending bales of hay raining down around me.  I stayed down but caught a glimpse of his shadow against the wall.  An axe swung in his hand.  My dark heart thudded with panic and fear.
 “Come-on then if you think you have a chance against me?”  The gravelly voice mocked.  My brother’s size, usually enough of a deterrent for most, seemed irrelevant to the heedless vampire.
A clash and scrape of metal soon followed.  I hated the noise.  Part of me wanted to cover my ears and remain buried, but a stronger part of me needed to see what was happening.  I peeped out of the hay.  The gravelly voice belonged to a hideous looking vampire even larger than David.  He possessed a magnificent sword and as it thrashed against David’s axe, the blade reflected chinks of the moonlight that gleamed above us through the hole in the barn roof.  A further slice of the sword and the head of the axe cluttered to the ground.  The vampire moved swiftly, leaving his dark cloak swirling around him.  I blinked once, quickly, and when I opened my eyes, the vampire held David knelt over in position about to slice across his neck.  The terrifying scene in front of me filled my head with explosive pressure and volcanic energy surged through my body.
“NO!”  I screamed throwing my arms out and squeezing my eyes shut, too afraid to witness what was about to happen.  
Silence fell upon the barn.  I paused, my eyes remained closed dreading the sound of metal slicing through flesh and bone, but it did not come.  After a few more seconds, I swallowed my fear and opened my eyes.  David remained knelt over, bracing himself, yet the vampire who stood above him, froze in place with the sword above David’s head paused in motion waiting to swing down across his neck.
“David move!”  I shouted.
David tugged his neck free from the vampires grip and scurried out from underneath the glistening blade.
“You did it.”  David cried.  “I thought you’d never use your power again.”
I looked at David with a confused expression.  “What?” 
A sudden clank of metal against the concrete floor interrupted us.  Although David pushed me behind him, curiosity proved a stronger master and I peered around him to see what would happen next.  The vampire stared through him, straight to me, silent, dazed perhaps.
“My Lady, please accept my sincerest apologies.”  The vampire offered and bent into a bow.
“You were about to kill my brother, what made y-y-you stop?”  I stuttered, crouching under David’s protective arm.
“I’m not sure . . . .  Maybe your exquisite beauty mystified me my lady.”  
A scoffing noise slipped out under David’s breath.
I ignored him and moved away from his protection to make a plea to the vampire.  “Can you leave us alone now?  We’re discreet, we don’t court any attention.”  David yanked on the back of my dress and held on to it to stop me from getting too close.  I turned and scowled at him but he just scowled back refusing to let go.
“No, I’m afraid I can’t do that.  All vampires must be rounded up or destroyed.  There is no escaping the First Vampires of Lilith’s Army, my Lady.  The blood wars are raging.  However, I could promise to personally ensure your safety and that you will be treated with courtesy, if you come willingly with me now.”  The vampire bowed again.
I tugged my dress from David’s hand and shuffled closer to the vampire who dropped to his knee and bowed his head.  I reached out with a shaking hand, compelled to touch his hideously torn face.  My fingertips hovered over the ripples of his rough uneven skin until he gently lifted his head and gazed up at me. 
“What happened to you?”  I asked breathlessly, shocked by the extent of his disfigurement.
“I have spent the last one hundred years in battles, my lady.  War leaves its marks.”  The vampire spoke softly with his gaze locked into mine.
 In a bewitching moment, I travelled past his scars and into the depths of his soul and found a glimpse of kindness hiding behind the monstrous exterior before me.  I found something in him that I believed I could trust.
“What’s your name sir?”  I whispered.
“—Daisy!  What the hell are you doing?  We can’t trust him.”  David interrupted.
I twisted around and narrowed my eyes at my brother, warning him to trust me.
“My name is Sir Adam Beaumont and I promise, both of you, that if you come willingly, I will escort you personally and you will remain under my protection.  I will make it my personal duty.”
“Escort us where exactly?”  David hissed poised to attack again.
Sir Beaumont narrowed his eyes, but kept his tone convivial.  “To where all the vampires who are not destroyed are taken . . . to the First Vampires of Lilith Headquarters.  Your lives will be different, but if you comply and embrace the new regime, they could be good.”  
“We have no other choice?”  I mumbled, knowing defeat when it knelt before me.
“No, my Lady.  Our race will be brought to order.  Civilisation beckons.”
“I guess we have little choice but to trust you, Sir Beaumont—” I agreed, emphasising the Sir as if to stir him into chivalry.  
“Daisy!  What the . . .?”  David snapped and shook his head aggressively.
“Ignore him.”  I told Sir Beaumont, knowing that David would follow, if only to protect me.
* * * *
Furious did not begin to describe David’s mood and for several days, he barely spoke to me.  However, Sir Adam Beaumont kept his word and no harm came to us during our journey despite the threatening and indecorous glares from the other vampire soldiers.  
Our ominous destination stood in the middle of nowhere and dominated the horizon.  When we arrived, it was just a shell of a towering building surrounded by scaffolding with men scattered all over it.  Along with the other captured vampires, we were led into nearby underground caves where large cells with silver bars waited to imprison us.  Whilst the rest of the prisoners were fed meagre rations of animal blood to keep them weak, each night Sir Beaumont slipped us extra rations of human blood that he had extracted from his human slaves to keep us strong.  Over time, the captured population grew steadily, but the overcrowding spurred infighting and many perished.  However, thanks to Sir Beaumont, David remained stronger than the rest and earned a reputation that ensured we were left alone.  
I don’t know how much time passed, but eventually one night, the First Vampires of Lilith Army ordered us out of our underground prison and herded us into lines.  I stood behind my brother, gripping his hand and trembling.  Around us, stood row upon row of bemused, weak and scared vampires.
Sir Adam Beaumont rode forward on his enormous black stallion.  “The blood wars have ended.  The race has been cleansed.”  His large voice echoed around us.  “The First Vampires of Lilith will lead our race into a new era.  Each one of you will be assigned a role and laws to live by.  Break a law and ultimate death will be the penalty.  I am one of the five, First Vampire Colonel’s.  I will lead the Central Lands.  If I call your name, you will report to me and assigned a role.  The rest of you will be deployed to the Western, Eastern, Southern or Northern Lands of our territory and given a role by my comrades.  I will now begin roll call.”
“It’ll be okay.  I won’t leave you.  I’m your protector.”  David promised.
I held him tightly, listening to the list of names falling from Sir Beaumont’s lips, whilst praying that David and I would stay together.
“ . . .  Jamie Cromwell . . . and David Love.  You are now Hunters.  Come forward.”
The sound of David’s name brought about a sharp intake of breath from me.
 “It’s okay Daisy.  I will find a way out.  Stay strong.  I am pretty certain Sir Beaumont will assign you to him.  He’s gone to a lot of trouble to look after us, and I doubt that was for my benefit.”  David hugged me and disappeared through the crowd to join the other hunters forming a line behind Sir Beaumont.  Alone for the first time without my brother I held on to myself suffering with vulnerability.  More and more names tripped off Sir Beaumont’s tongue as he assigned them to a range of roles, yet my name continued to elude his lips.  As the lines thinned around me and across the enormous field, I caught a glimpse of my brother who appeared as concerned as I was.
“Right that leaves Talent Seekers.  Only ten required.  .  .Gabriel Smythe . . .”  
My heart sank further.  It seemed more and more likely that I would be sent to some other Colonel far away from my brother.  
“And . . . finally Daisy Love.  That’s it.  Over to you Samuel to select for the Southern Lands.”  Sir Beaumont concluded.
I looked up in shock and stumbled forward towards the group of supposed Talent Seekers - whatever that meant, forming a line near Sir Beaumont’s dark stallion, thankfully only yards from my brother.



Chapter 1: Coveted Talent
Present day, First Vampires of Lilith (FVoL) Headquarters, Central Lands. 

As soon as the retina scanner confirms my identity, the door to my apartment obediently slides open and releases the fragrance of Adam’s predictable welcome home gift.  It drifts around the place growing more potent as I wander through into the bedroom.  Seven weeks have passed since I last stood here yet the scent of the dozen blood red roses infused with the faint smell of fabric conditioner lingering on my bed sheets and added to the absence of dust confirms that privacy is apparently a luxury I cannot yet afford.  After throwing my bag on to the bed into a careless heap my gaze finds the window that surveys the FVoL estate and allows me to absorb the familiar surroundings from the eighty-fifth floor.
 “Daisy!  Daisy?”  Adam yells.
“I’m here.”  Being my FVC apparently affords him the right to enter without my permission.  
“I have a new assignment for you.”  His gravelly tone rises in decibels the closer he approaches.  
 “Let one of the others do it, I’ve only just got back from the last one.”  I whine, unzipping my bag ready to unpack.  Most of the other vampires in the FVoL fear Adam and his ferocious reputation but I do not.
Adam appears in my doorway, blocking most of the light.  As always, he has undone several buttons and loosened his tie so that it hangs low against the curve of his chest.  Adam hates shirt and ties, but he is required to wear them.  “No.  I’m your FVC and I’m telling you to do it.”  His tone sharpens but I ignore it.  I know he has missed me.
 I leave my bag and sashay towards him, trailing my fingers along the soft white cotton sheets, looking away from him until his shadow cloaks me before I peep up beneath my lashes.  
“But Adam I’ve been away for weeks.  I’ve missed you.  I thought we could spend some time . . . alone . . . and strictly speaking the rules insist on a break between assignments.”  I purr, running my hands up along his oversized arms tracing the definition beneath his shirt until I reach his broad shoulders.  His height forces me to rise up onto the tips of my toes to finally reach around his neck and pull him towards me.
He sighs contemplating whether to surrender.  “I’ve missed you too, my sweet,” his eyes dart past me towards his dozen red roses, splayed in the crystal vase on top of my chest of drawers.  “But this is important.  The Elder has approved this one.  This time we’re looking for an exceptional talent; an EC.”  Adam recovers and unties my hands from around him to avoid my distraction.
A vampire with Emotion Control capability is the stuff of legend and coveted like mythical fairies, “An EC?”  I clarify with disbelief.
“Yes.  You’re the only one appointed to carry out this assignment.  It proves your standing as a Talent Scout and it will be very good for your career if you’re successful.”  Adam is dangling the carrot he knows will tempt me.
I respond by pacing so that I can mull the proposition over.  I could be away for several weeks, longer perhaps.  It has already been a month since I last caught up with David.  However, on the other hand, I possess an instinct like no other Talent Scout and success could place me high above the rest in the eyes of the Elder.  I desperately need the acknowledgement to help elevate David so that he can have a better life and we can see each other without having to sneak around.  Therefore, perhaps this initial sacrifice would be worth it in the longer term.
“Daisy?”  Adam presses waking me from my consideration.
 “Okay, I’ll do it.”  I expect to find Adam’s satisfied smile beaming at me, instead his jaw tenses and he stares back with dark brooding eyes.  “There’s something else I need you to know.  None of the others are aware of this piece of information at this point in time, so what I’m going to tell you is highly classified.  You must keep it to yourself, agreed?”
I nod and roll my eyes at his dramatic introduction.  Adam knows there is little love lost between me and the other Talent Scouts.  (Thanks to the rumours of my forbidden relationship with him, they vehemently reciprocate those feelings)  
“There’s an organisation of rogue vampires partaking in illegal activity.  We have reason to believe they are plotting an uprising against the FVoL.  This increases the risk for all Talent Scouts out on assignment as they may attempt to intercept targets.  If they attempt to attack you or your target, you have my authority to destroy them on sight.  Please don’t underestimate them, they’re highly organised.”
“Why aren’t the Hunters going after them?”  Hunters are who usually deal with deserters or rebels, not that many vampires are brave enough to try.  Desertion or rebellion is punishable by the ultimate death and the Hunters never fail to capture their targets, especially when my brother is in charge.
“We are unaware of the numbers, releasing the Hunters could send the organisation underground.  We want to ensure there are no loose ends.  We have deployed a few Elite’s to locate them.  Their task will be to keep the ones they find under surveillance until we can be certain of the scale of the organisation and their locations.  The Elder will make an example of each and every last one of them to ward off any further treason against the FVoL.”
I return to the bag slumped on my bed.  “Okay, well, I’ll keep an eye out for anything suspicious.”  
Adam clutches my arms and gently pulls me down onto the bed next to him.  “Please take this seriously.  You know how much you mean to me.  I would be a very lonely old vampire without you.  The last thing I want to do is send you out again so soon, especially with the potential threat brewing, but it is out of my hands.  The Elder has ordered it and this assignment is immensely important to all of us.”  Adam pauses, visibly wrestling with his orders.
Adam rarely reveals the depth of his feelings for me in such an open manner and his obvious concern for my welfare is touching.  I simper and drape my arm around his neck, twisting my fingers through the bottom of his soft brown hair.  With my other hand, I stroke his scars and gaze deep into his gentle eyes.  “Surely I could delay my departure for a couple of hours at least?”  I pout.  “It would be a shame to waste the fresh bed linen.”
* * * *
Adam needed no further encouragement and for a couple of hours we were lost in each other.  However, time could not wait forever and my departure loomed eventually accelerated by a message from the Elder insisting Adam activates the assignment before midnight.
“Call me every night, so I know you’re safe and if you do get into trouble you can’t handle, I’ll come and get you out of it.  Okay?”  Adam urges before pressing his anguish spiked kiss against my lips.
“Adam I will call you every night, like I always do and I won’t get into any trouble I can’t handle.  After all I’ve been trained by the best.”  I grumble annoyed that he thinks I might find trouble I can’t deal with.  Being five foot two with a petite frame seems to give people the impression you can’t look after yourself, but Adam knows better.  He trained me.
Adam laughs at my annoyance and pulls me into his oversized arms.  “See you soon, my sweet.”  Then he lets me go.



Chapter 2 “Change is Coming”

Eventually I select the ‘Cafe Rose’ in Market Square, a pleasant establishment with a high standard of cleanliness.  I loathe anywhere with sticky tables, dirty grease ridden floors and remnants of lipstick left on sides of cups.  Inside Cafe Rose, freshly brewed coffee fills the air with an occasional infusion of whatever food cooks on the stove.  This evening the heavily clouded sky hides the sunset, allowing me to maximise the night hours for observing both inside and outside the night Cafe.  I have used this place before.  A mixed clientele who frequent this Cafe; professionals killing time before they catch the train; mothers with their infants loaded with shopping bags to ease their swollen feet before their journey home; students sharing cups of tea and a plate of food and then later into the night inebriated humans looking for something other than liquid to fill their bellies.  All the while two servers shuffle amongst the tables whilst another occupies the kitchen area.  Periodically I order coffee to keep the disinterested servers at bay and ensure my hood and hair cover my face to avoid the interest of anyone else.
“Hey sis.”  David’s voice whispers in my ear.  
I have been anticipating his appearance.  Being both twin and vampire gives us a deeper connection, almost like an invisible thread tugging inside when we reach close proximity of each other. 
“Sit down.  What are you doing here?”  I usher angrily, pulling my hair further forward like a curtain to hide my face from the other customers yet still allowing me to glare at David.  Being small I can blend into a corner, but David’s enormous figure always draws attention.  
“I’ve missed you too.”  He replies folding his arms across his chest.
“I left you a message.”  I glare.
“Sorry, didn’t get it.  I’ve left.”
“What do you mean left?  Left what?”
“I’ve had enough.  I’ve gone underground and decided to take my chances.  I’d rather die running.”  David grins, appearing too pleased with himself. 
 “You can’t leave.  There’s nothing to go to.  Not one single . . .person  . . . has successfully escaped in one hundred years.  Why do you have to be so impulsive?  Listen, soon I’ll be able to get you out of there and into Talent Scouting with me or something, but you must go back before they notice you’ve gone.”
“No Daisy, one hunter has escaped, he’s been running for weeks without capture.  I don’t want to do anything for them.  I have had enough.  The way they control everything, it’s unnatural.  They starve us of blood.  Forbid us to indulge in anything remotely enjoyable and force us to follow ridiculous oppressive rules.  I hardly ever get to see you anymore.  I am sure your warden keeps you occupied on purpose.  Look, you need to wake up to it.  They think they are progressive but they’re not, they are repressive.  We are vampires for Christ sake.  Children of Lilith.  Our Life is supposed to be about freedom from rules, freedom to roam, feed and indulge in whatever we desire or otherwise what is the point?  Instead, they are caging us up, rationing the blood to the point of starvation and discarding the weak or those that can think for themselves.  You don’t see what it’s like from on the ground having to hunt down our own kind because they’re mad with thirst.  I refuse to do it anymore.”  David shakes his head.
“Not all vampires are like us, there needs to be order so that we can be civilised.  Can’t you remember what it was like before?—”
“Yes I can. Can you?”
“—The darkness within all of us has to be controlled or we’ll obliterate our food source and each other.  It may not always seem like it, but they are keeping us strong, controlling the growth of our population and creating a superior breed of vampires through the selection of humans whose destiny it is to be a vampire.  There has to be discipline.  They’re distilling the race so that we can protect our territory; we’re too small compared to the others.”    
“You sound just like him and all the other sheep.”  David mutters, but I ignore him.  Instead, I consider making an offer, although I am certain he will dig his stubborn heels in. 
“Listen to me, I’ll take you back and tell Adam I needed you to help me with the assignment or something.  He won’t be happy but he’ll get over it.”  
David shakes his head. 
 “Please?  If you leave, I will never see you again.  If you’re lucky you’ll be living in some other territory if not you’ll be . . . well you know what happens.”  In desperation, I tug at his emotions.  “You’re my brother.  I need you.”
David shakes his head again.  “What are you looking for this time?  I thought you were spending some time with your warden.  Haven’t you only just got back?”  He diverts. 
In spite of the fact Adam saved both our lives, David hates him and refuses to understand our relationship.  In fact, he grabs every opportunity to let me know how much he disapproves. 
“Yes, but I’ve been assigned to find an EC—”  
“Emotion Controller?”  Shocked and suddenly interested David leans forward on the table to hear more.
“Yes.  If I’m successful, it’ll give me some standing with the Elder.  I’m the only one whose been asked.  That is why you need to go back.  Once I’ve found them I can help you.”  I urge still attempting to persuade him to return.
 “Daisy not even you could find one of those,” He scoffs and stiffens in his seat.  “Look . . . you need to listen to me now; it’s you who doesn’t understand.  Right now, you are swept up in all their propaganda, but one day, when the time is right, you will join me.  I promise I will not leave the territory without you.  Until then I accept, for now, you’re probably safest where you are.  If nothing else, I suppose the warden does a good job of protecting you in that way.”  David half argues, but seems to hold back before he changes the subject.  “So, anyway, why do they want an EC?”
“I dunno.  I never get reasons just orders and I didn’t have much time to interrogate Adam.”  I grumble.
David reaches across the table to wrap his enormous hands around mine.  His face falls deadly serious.  “Listen to me carefully.  I am not going back Daisy. . . I am a Hunter, I'm not tagged and I know better than anyone does how to evade capture.  I’ll find you and check in with you as often as I can . . . but from now on, as far as anyone else is concerned, I don’t exist.  Right?  I am serious.  This is not up for debate.”  David warns in a rare tone that I know is hopeless to argue with.
“Yes, yes.  I understand.”  Nevertheless, I am disappointed with his actions.  “I don’t like this.  It is a huge risk and you will be running forever . . . I need you around, please, please think carefully about this and what you’re giving up.  I’ve spent all these years doing everything I can to reach a position where I can elevate you and I’m almost there.”  I plead.  “Please David, it frightens me that I won’t know where you are or whether you’re safe.” 
 “This is going to be difficult for you to understand right now.  I need to do this even though it goes against my core to put distance between us like this, but change is coming and as much as I despise Adam, I have to admit that he does protect you and care for you in his own way.  He won’t allow them to use you against me.  I promise I will check in with you as often as I can.  I’ll keep track of your locations and come and find you or get a message to you somehow.  When the time is right you can join me.”
I search his eyes for sense, but my eyes fill rapidly with tears turning his face into blurry abstract.  “Join you?  Join you in what?”  The tears slide down my cheeks.
“Freedom, Daisy, Freedom.”  David squeezes my hands and his face softens.
“I shouldn’t be telling you this, but there’s some sort of rebellion going on.  I want you to promise me that you will stay away from any revolutionaries.  The FVOL are on to them and you’ll only get yourself mixed up in a whole load of trouble that I won’t be able to get you out of.”  I glance down at his hands holding mine to disguise my despair.
“My baby sister getting me out of trouble, that’ll be the day.”  He playfully dismisses, in an attempt to lift the tension.
“I’m five minutes younger than you.”  I remind him, smiling through my tears.
David laughs too loudly encouraging the other drunken occupants inside the cafe to notice us.  “Bye Sis.  Good luck finding the EC.  I’ll find you again when things settle down.  Stay safe.”  He kisses the top of my head and vanishes from the cafe.
Using a serviette I dab my cheeks to soak up my tears and although my hair still hides my face I can feel curious eyes watching me so I leave too much money on the table and desert the Cafe Rose for somewhere new.
* * * *
It has been three weeks since David told me he was deserting the FVoL and I have heard nothing.  Tonight I am engaged in surveillance assessing the humans around me inside a restaurant draped in innovative design with an arrogantly priced menu.  I ignored Adam’s call a moment ago and now my mobile is flashing on the table in front of me; ‘1 missed call; 1 voicemail.’  I sigh and dial my voicemail.  
“Daisy?  It’s Adam.  Your idiotic brother has deserted the FVOL.  They have instigated a search party to find him.  Call me as soon as you get this.”  
I have been waiting for Adam to call me to inform me of my brother’s desertion.  It was only ever a matter of time before it became public knowledge.  However, I suspect the agitation ringing in Adam’s tone on the voicemail is not because of what David has done but rather because Adam fears, quite rightly, I will assist my brother or worse, especially considering the fact that Adam reciprocates David’s hostile feelings and only suffers his existence because of me.  
I suppose I should get this over and done with.  As I listen to the ringing tone, waiting for Adam to pick up, I pray he has no further updates on my brother’s location.
“Adam what happened?  When did David disappear?”  I feign urgent concern as soon as he picks up.
“Sometime during the last three weeks.  He was released to bring back another deserter but there’s been no communication for the last two and the tracking on his mobile is cut dead.”
I swallow, forcing myself to put forward a suggestion.  “Could . . . .  Could it mean he’s been . . . been-killed?”  Of course, I know this is not true, but all the same, the thought is horrifying.
“Unlikely.  Knowing your brother and considering the increasing whispers of the uprising thanks to a handful of other hunters defecting, we believe he is alive and on the run.  However, we are taking this extremely seriously and I must warn you this will not end well for him.  You need to prepare yourself for that and do not get yourself mixed up in it either.  Do you understand me?  It has been tough enough as it is convincing them that you have nothing to do with this.  I won’t ask you if you’ve heard from him, but the best thing you can do right now is get on with your assignment and prove your dedication to the FVoL.  There may be something we can do if you have found an EC by the time we capture him.  If I hear any news I will of course update you.”
Being one of the best hunters the FVoL ever had, David understands how they think, how each hunter tracks and therefore I take some comfort that if anyone can elude the search party, it will be him.  That is, as long as he can keep out of trouble, this for David is not so easy.  
“Okay, right, well I guess, like you say, the best thing I can do is keep searching then . . . and you promise to let me know as soon as you hear anything?”
“Yes my sweet.  Don’t let me down.”
* * * *
 Two and a half more weeks have now passed bringing disappointing results.  Word from David has been nonexistent and I assume he has been forced to flee farther away, perhaps to another area or at least I hope that is the reason.  In the meantime, I have grown bored of my surroundings and decided to move on to somewhere different; a fresh city with jostling bodies filled with fresh blood and possibilities.  I have travelled over the border into the Southern Lands into the next major city and it is already late into the night when I arrive, so it doesn’t take long to find a lively bar to scour for talent.  
Neon lighting and tacky floors reflect the ambience of this cheap two for one shot bar.  However, the packed crowd of inebriated humans inside make it a decent location for scouting talent.  After only a few minutes inside, I identify a female telepath dancing within a group of other females on the dance floor.  I make a note of her details to save for any future assignments; I hope that this is a good omen for things to come.  I continue pacing around the nasty bar, watching, listening and hoping for something that would stir inside to indicate a possibility, but nothing emerges.  When the bar begins to empty in the early hours, I follow the intoxicated humans out into the dark looking for one to taste.  Under FVoL rules, it is illegal to feed directly from humans due to the high risk of killing them.  Two of the original Talent Scouts were sentenced to the ultimate death for breaking this rule.  However, Adam taught me how to feed without killing and how to use my persuasion to remove their memory of me afterwards.  It was his way of ensuring my survival whilst out in the field, but recently after spending so much time away from the estate, I have developed a taste for the selection, chase and conquer of live human blood, rather than the spoiled synthetic blood they force us to live on.  In no way does it compare to fresh warm blood pumping through the veins of a human.  So tonight  I select a mildly drunk man, not too drunk otherwise the alcohol taints the blood, but a lone, reasonably attractive and clean looking man whom I can easily sway with my charms; a compensatory end to another fruitless night.
* * * *
Several months pass with little success.  I have found no inkling of anything to suggest an EC.  No gut instinct.  Nothing.  A small seed of doubt is growing and I am questioning whether the assignment is in fact an impossible task.  Missing David has not helped either.  Perhaps I have not applied my full attention.  With no contact whatsoever from him, thoughts of my brother’s safety continue to monopolise my mind.
 “Adam, I’ve found nothing, I’m beginning to believe it’s unachievable.”  At the other end of the phone, silence greets my update.  “I’ve been all over.  I’ve found many other talents, just no EC’s.”  I add trying to justify my failure.
After a further period of prolonged silence, Adam finally responds.  “I won’t lie to you Daisy; this is not what I want to hear.  I’ve worked hard to get you into this position so do not let me down now, there is too much riding on it.  Remember success is the only chance you’ll have to save your brother.” 
“Oh my god have they found him?”  
“No not yet, but it’s only a matter of time.  The clock is ticking, after all it has been four months now and we are certain he hasn’t left the territory.  I’d hate to watch you punish yourself because you were unable to save him.” 
“You’re right . . . I’ll try harder.  I’ll do this.”  Adam’s words cut right to my core.  
“I want you back here for my own selfish reasons too, I love you my sweet.  It has been hard for me not being able to see you.  Unfortunately with things the way they are here, I cannot visit.”  Adam sighs.  “Four months is far too long to be without you.”  
“I miss you and I miss David, I want this to be over.”  My voice trails off collapsing under the weight of my doubts and concerns.  “I’ll call you tomorrow evening.”
“You can do this.”  Adam encourages before our call ends.
Suffocating by my own self-doubt, I realise I need to clear my head and find a fresh perspective to enable me to refocus.  I cannot fail . . .I am the best . . .I can do this,  I repeat it over and over turning it into a mantra as I fly away on my motorbike reaching maximum speed as soon as I escape the city’s congestion.  
* * * *
It has been several days since I left the city for more rural surroundings where the human population thins.  It forces me to spread out a bit more, rather than wait for the talents to come to me.  I actually prefer it this way.  Some of the other scouts are lazier.  They stay in clubs cavort, drink and live the forbidden existence under the guise of an assignment and wait for their target to stumble drunkenly into them.  In the past, I have found this method far less successful when searching for the rarer talents, although with an EC I actually have no idea about what I am looking for.  Initially I had thought immersing myself within crowds would help, but it hasn’t.  The pressure on me is mounting, especially with David’s capture looming and sleep is now avoiding me too.  It’s only mid afternoon and I have already been awake for hours just staring up at the hotel ceiling.  The weather outside is becoming murky so I think I’ll get away from the hotel standard magnolia walls and get some fresh air.
Whilst accelerating my bike down an endless country road that serves as a tarmac divider between blankets of golden cornfields, I notice a man wrestling with his bike in the distance.  The lack of sun draws the night sky in sooner than usual and the road behind and ahead stretch out for several miles without any sign of civilisation.  Curiosity bites, so I slow the bike to a halt a few meters away from the man.  He glances over briefly before returning to the subject of his frustration.  I sit for a moment witnessing him kick and curse his bike in an animated fashion, which I cannot help but find amusing.
“Are you just going to sit there and laugh at me?”  The man shouts over.  His tone is light, playful maybe.
I nod and smile back at him.
“Great.  Thanks for that.  B-ig help.”  His smile softens his sarcasm.  
Peculiarly during that same moment, my stomach twitches inside.  He maintains his smile as he watches me climb off my bike and wander towards him. 
 “Hi.  I’m Conlan, and as you’ve seen I’m er bloody pissed off.”  He laughs half-heartedly and drops down to the side of the road rubbing his hands over his shaven head with exaggerated frustration.
“Hi Conlan . . . You do look pretty frustrated.”  I laugh, swishing my hair to loosen it up.
Conlan gazes up at me from under his long brown lashes.  “Well at least I’ve made you smile.”  He sighs and shakes his head in annoyance.  “Aargh!  I am so stupid.  It’s run out of petrol.  I’m guessing I’m miles from the nearest bloody petrol station.”
“Well, I must say it was pretty stupid coming this far out without enough petrol.”  I tease, biting my lip and grinning at him.
“Yes well, I got lost and wound up here in the middle of nowhere.  I did actually start out on a full tank.”  Conlan rubs the stubble on his chin and deliberates what to do next.
“I’ll give you a ride to the next petrol station if you like?  I don’t think I could live with my conscience if I left you here alone in the middle of nowhere and then read of your demise in the morning papers.”
“Wait isn’t this supposed to be the other way round?”  Conlan suggests with his smile now impish as he rises to his feet and brushes the back of his leathers.
“What do you mean?” 
“Aren’t I supposed to be rescuing you?”
“I’m not stupid enough to get lost,”   I laugh.  “Besides, in case you hadn’t noticed, we live in a modern age.  Now are you going to accept my offer or am I going to have to read the papers to find out whether you survived?”
“Thank you.  I will accept your kind offer.”  
“C’mon then, make sure you hold on tight.” 
As soon as Conlan places his hands lightly on my waist, my stomach twitches again.  When I accelerate Conlan’s grip tightens around me until his human body presses hard against my back, producing another powerful stirring. 
A swift ten minutes later and we arrive at the first petrol station in over twenty miles.  “You’re crazy.  I think I’ll be reading of your demise.”  Conlan jokes after removing his helmet.
“Never.”  I smile, enjoying my strange connection to him.
“I’ll go in and pay for this.  Are you sure you don’t mind taking me back?”  He confirms walking backwards into the shop with a stupid grin.
“No, I’ll leave you here and let you walk twenty miles in the dark.  Who knows maybe you’ll make it back to your bike by the end of the week?”  I mock.
By the time we return to his bike, the night sky has fallen above us and heavy clouds scramble the moon leaving the night thick like treacle.
“So where were you headed?”  I am sure he will not find his way now that he has the added obstacle of the dark.
 “Nowhere in particular, just out taking pictures, but I’m staying at a B&B called ‘Jenny’s’ on Daisy Green.  However, I . . . er,” Conlan clears his throat “. . .  I’m not actually sure how to get back there.”  A cute sheepish expression emerges.
 “It’s your lucky day, I know where that is.  Follow me and I’ll escort you home young sir,”   I bow sarcastically.  “And I promise to travel at a more sedate pace to suit your delicate disposition.”  I add to tease him.
Conlan laughs and for the first time I notice the sparkle in his big green eyes.  Momentarily, they distract me until he replaces his helmet and breaks the spell.  When we arrive at his temporary home, I don’t pause for a spoken goodbye; I simply wave my hand and ride away, checking in my mirror that he is watching me disappear from his sight.  Something about Conlan is drawing me towards him, a feeling I have rarely experienced with such intensity.  He grabs my attention sparking furious curiosity and I crave to know more about him.  
For the next few days, I carefully observe him from afar.  I find that despite the confidence and charm he exudes, his deep-set eyes sometimes expose hidden shyness.  His energetic hands dart in all directions emphasising his passion and when he is lost in laughter his jade eyes glow like cats eyes along a dark road whilst soft dimples pierce his stubbled cheeks, which produces an infectious effect on everyone around him.  Even I smile as I watch him.  Mischievous twitches dance at the side of his mouth when his thoughts wander somewhere they shouldn’t and yet despite all this warmth, I sense something cold hides beneath his friendly surface.
Tonight, after Conlan waves goodbye to friends whom he has spent the evening with at an Italian restaurant, I watch him turn up the collars of his shirt in defence of the falling rain and jog into the pub next door.  Whilst I follow in behind discreetly, I realise I need to get closer to him, to dig beneath the surface and feel more of what I experienced the night I found him so that I can gather evidence that he might be the talent I’m searching for.  
However, this requires careful contemplation.  I do not want to be another one of his many conquests.  I need an emotional connection with him, and fast.  I am conscious of the fact that time is running out for David.  For now though, Conlan sits across the pub from me at the bar chatting to the barmaid.  They know each other. Her body language is very familiar and she seems to be doing her best to tempt him again.  However, Conlan doesn’t bite and after an hour of flirtatious innuendo, he wanders back out into the drizzle.  I keep my distance, but Conlan is oblivious anyway because he is engrossed in his mobile and chuckling along to himself as he dawdles down a side alley shortcut that leads back to the main road.  I plan to follow him until he is safely in a taxi home and then I will search for someone to snack on before I return to my hotel to contemplate bumping into him again.  
A vibration against my leg distracts me for a moment.  I reach for my phone hoping its David.  Over the last couple of weeks David has made contact through anonymous cryptic text messages, I cannot call him back or reply, but at least when I receive them I know he is safe, but tonight it is Adam’s name flashing across the screen of my mobile.
“Hi Adam.”  I answer in a hushed whisper.
“What’s up?  Why are you whispering?”  He enquires urgently.
“I’m observing.  Why do you think?  Is everything okay?”  I continue in a low voice.
“Yes.  .  .I am afraid I have no news of David to offer.  Why haven’t you called me, like we had arranged.”
 “I was going to call you later, it’s only two o’clock.”  
“You need to keep to the schedule.  Midnight every night.  I have to prove your loyalty and that you’ve not run off with your brother.  Anyway, it seems like you might be sure about this one?”  Adam’s tone hints at his excitement of the prospect of my success.
“Not sure-perhaps.  I need to get closer to them.”  I hurry trying to end the conversation.
“Oh my sweet this is fantastic.”
“Well I’m not sure ye–” I trail off when the sound of hurried footsteps catch my attention and a feeling of fear creeps over me as if it were a cloak, but the fear does not belong to me.  I shove my mobile back into my pocket and dash to catch up to Conlan. 




Chapter 3: Sleeping Beauty

I stand here, in the pouring rain, staring down the narrow pitch-black alley with the damp unwashed stench of two males filling my nose whilst my vampire eyes find the perpetrators hustling Conlan up against the wall in between two industrial bins.  One wears a chunky hoodie shadowing his face and the other wears a baseball cap and shabby leather jacket.  Although Conlan remains quiet, complying with the instructions the men growl at him, his heart thumps furiously.  The men pause as soon as they see me appear under the light from the lamppost across the road.  The dirt-stained hands belonging to one of them smothers Conlan’s mouth and their heavy breath blows against his ear.  The other is holding a knife threatening to pierce Conlan’s stomach if he so much as whimpers.  From the manner in which they all freeze, I can tell that they mistakenly believe they are hidden in the shadows and if they stay silent, being a woman and alone, I will simply pass on by.  They are wrong.  Lowlifes like them do not deserve to live in any society.  Tonight they will be on the other end of violence.  
I shoot down the alley and tap the man with the hoodie on the shoulder.  The other man in the baseball cap freezes in disbelief whilst his accomplice swings the knife away from Conlan and stabs it forcibly at me.  I rip the knife from his hand and throw it into one of the nearby bins before I clasp my hands around his head and twist sharply, listening for the snap of his neck and relieving him of life.  The second man recovers and releases Conlan who promptly slumps to the floor in shock.  The man scampers like a frightened rat down the alley.  Of course, I catch him in less than a blink, and then I grab his shoulders shove him hard against the brick wall between two other bins, out of sight of Conlan.
“P-p-p-please don’t hurt me.”  The pathetic man whimpers.  
I say nothing.  My fangs extend and tear into his neck until blood and life drain from his body.  Afterwards I toss his dirty ugly body into one of the bins and wipe the blood from my mouth enjoying the rare satisfaction of fullness, even though the blood is far from clean.  When I return to Conlan he is huddled and shaking against the wall.
“Are you alright?”  
“You . . . you . . .  you . . . wha . . .” Conlan pants with eyes declaring his fear and disbelief.
“This could become a habit.”  
“How . . . How did you?”  He gestures towards the lifeless body lying close to him on the ground.
“Self-defence classes.  Are you hurt?  Can you walk?  We really should be getting out of here.”  I usher helping him to his feet.
“Er  . . . No I don’t think I’m hurt.”  With his knee’s still weak from the shock, Conlan struggles to steady himself.
“Good.  C’mon lets go and get you a stiff brandy.”  I throw his arm over my shoulder and assist him back to my hotel.  
* * * *
I help Conlan on to my bed and give him a quick exam.  To my relief he has suffered no physical injuries although he is still shaking. 
 “Here drink this.  It will settle you.”  I insist pushing a large glass of brandy into his shaking hand.  Conlan complies and knocks it back in one mouthful.  I pass him a second, and afterwards a third.
He looks at me with a furrowed frown.  “Who . . .  are . . .  you?”
“I’m Daisy.”  I reply simply.
“Daisy?”  Conlan chuckles raising an eyebrow in doubt.  “I can’t believe I didn’t ask you that before?  I can’t believe it’s you appearing out of nowhere to rescue me again.  Daisy?”  Conlan produces a thin upside down smile.
“I don’t see why that’s funny.”  
Conlan shakes his head.  “It’s not.  It’s just surreal.  Twice a beautiful and mysterious stranger, who just appears . . . poof . . . out of nowhere, saves me. . .  I thought you’d have a fierce name like Electra,” He suggests adding animation with his hands, “But you’re Daisy, sweet gentle Daisy.  Ha and just like the street I’m staying on.  Are you my guardian angel?  Perhaps I’ve passed out at the bar and I’m dreaming of you?”
“Electra is a comic book heroine.  Who would call their child Electra?”  I laugh.  It’s a ridiculous idea.  “You make me sound like a fluffy animal and our paths crossing a second time are simply a coincidence, a fortunate coincidence for you it seems,” I correct.  “And I am certainly not an angel or figment of the imagination.”
“Nah.  No way can it be pure coincidence.  It’s too bizarre, you’re too . . . too,” Conlan knocks back the fourth large glass of brandy.
“—I think the brandy and the fright have gone to your head.  Why don’t you lie down for a little while to rest and let the shock wear off before I take you home.”  I suggest removing the empty glass from his now steady hand.
“Dai-sy, Dai-sy gi-me your-answer dooo.”  Conlan slurs with his eyes closed.  I push him gently back on to the pillow and within no time at all, he falls asleep.
Whilst he rests, I disappear to wash up the glass, and return it to its proper place on the tray alongside the complimentary tea and coffee.  Afterwards I climb gently on to the bed next to him to watch him sleep for a while.  His long brown eyelashes, the envy of any girl, rest lightly on his cheek, fluttering ever so often in response to his dreams.  His hair and stubble, trimmed to a similar length, accentuate his imperfect yet striking features, whilst his torn shirt reveals the curves of his lean sculpted arms and chest.  I watch almost hypnotised by the repetition of the smooth lift and fall of his breath and the slow rhythmic chant of his heart.  The lure of his full slightly parted lips, poised for an awakening kiss, are too great for me to resist.  I experience the twitch in my stomach again and my throat blisters in anticipation of the taste of his blood, yet the desire to press my lips against his overwhelms me.  I cannot resist.  My body craves him, even though he is alien to me.  I creep closer, trapped by the magnetic charge pulling me into him until only an inch separates our wanton mouths.  His eyes suddenly throw open and discover me hovering.  I shoot back into my upright position hoping I am too swift for his human eyes to register.
Conlan pulls himself up against the headboard imprisoning me with his intense gaze.  He says nothing as he smoulders in the dim light and crawls towards me across the bed.  I freeze, torn between what I desire and what I know is unforgivable, but Conlan reaches up placing his hand on my cheek and pulls me towards him until our lips meet.  His mouth is feverish, perhaps enhanced by the warm brandy on his lips against the coolness of mine.  The whole time, his heart throbs, pumping his sweet scented blood, which ignites my hunger.  I want to rip his clothes off, touch every part of him with every part of me. . .I want to drink from him and take him to the height of ecstasy . . . I want to do what my true nature demands, but he is human and I am a civilised vampire and it is forbidden.  I find some hidden strength and withdraw sharply from our kiss, squeezing up against the wall to put as much distance between us so that I can recover self-control.  Thank god, I fed earlier.
“What are you doing?”  I whisper.
“I thought that was pretty obvious.”  Conlan beams attempting to follow me off the bed
“No stop.”  I hold out my hand at arm’s length warning him to stay back.
“I’m sorry.  That was amazing.  I have never experienced such a powerful high off a single kiss.  I thought . . .” Conlan stumbles, still unsteady from the effects of the mugging and the brandy.
With perfect timing, my mobile vibrates in my pocket.  “I . . . er . . . need to take this.  I’m sorry.”  I yank the phone from my pocket, thankful for the distraction and rush into the bathroom to escape the charged atmosphere.
“Daisy?  Daisy?  Are you okay?  You didn’t call me back.”  Adam charges urgently before I have chance to speak.
“Yes I’m fine.  There was a bit of trouble and I sorted it.  I can’t talk right now.”  My tone reflects my irritation for Adam’s lack of confidence in my ability to look after myself.
“Daisy I need to know you’re safe.  There is a lot riding on this.”  Adam continues.
“Adam please?  I am more than capable.  Now will you wait until I call you?  I bet you don’t treat the others like this.  Look I’ve got to go.”  I cut him off and return to the bedroom to deal with Conlan, but he has already left.




Chapter 4: The Unwieldy Snowball

“Daisy?”  A familiar voice whispers from the shadows when I approach my bike on the dark street near my hotel that is sandwiched in between office blocks on the outskirts of the small town.
“David?  How did you find me?”  I answer back staring at the empty space between two buildings.  
David emerges, large as life.  His sturdy muscular frame towers a whole foot above me.  Although facially, it is obvious we are brother and sister due to our similar almond shaped eyes, full lips and ebony hair, it seems unbelievable to most that we are in fact twins because of our opposing statures.
“I’m not known as the most feared hunter without good reason.”  David tutts feigning offence.
“I’m sorry.  It’s just it has been months since I’ve seen you.  Are you okay?”  I apologise flinging my arms around his waist and squeezing him as tight as I can.  “I’ve been so worried.  I got your messages and Adam told me there was no news, but until I saw you again I refused to allow myself to believe it.”
“I’m fine.  I told y’ I knew what I was doing and I’m sorry I’ve not found y’ sooner, but I needed to wait until you were no longer being followed.”
“Following me?  Who?  I’ve not see anyone.”  Automatically my eyes flicker around me searching the shadows of the empty street until it quickly dawns on me that David would not be stood here with me if he had not secured the area.  One of the reasons I picked this hotel is because it sits on the outskirts of town near a business park and the surrounding area is usually empty at night except for the cars whizzing along the dual carriageway behind it.
“Ah nobody important, a couple of Adam’s minions, probably making sure you’ve not run off with me.  Anyway, you okay?”  David dips his head giving me a concerned frown with his hands resting on my shoulders.  “You’ve been at this assignment for what five, six months-which-I  guess as you’re still outside, means you’ve not found you’re EC yet?” 
“Well . . . I might ‘ave . . . but I’m not sure if I’ve messed up.”  I sigh, pouting my lips and crossing my arms.  
“Go-on, I’m listening.” 
I sigh again and rest against the wall.  “It’s just that I’ve discovered this human, who I’ve got this strong gut instinct about and . . ., and he stands out from all the other humans  . . . And there is definitely something exceptional about him—”
“—Yeah, and?”
“Well, it’s just that I’m not one hundred percent certain that he’s a potential EC . . .  yet. . . .  But,” I pause, hesitating whether I should confess what happened between Conlan and me.
“But?”
 “But, a couple of nights ago I sort of got a little too close to him and I kinda reacted in a certain way and now he’s disappeared.”  I hide my face in my hands and shake my head.  “Oh David, and now he’s left his B&B, the manager hasn’t got a clue where he’s gone and there’s no trace of him.”  I groan.
“You bit him?”
“No!  That’s against the rules.  No.  He tried to kiss me and if you must know I freaked out.”  My hands fly up into the air in frustration.  
David smirks and leans against the wall next to me.  After a minute or two, he leans over and nudges my arm.  “And what does the warden think about it?” 
“Adam,” I correct.  “. . . Knows that I’ve found a potential target.  I’ve just not told him that I’ve misplaced the human . . . yet.”  
“And the kiss?”  David nudges me again.  He can be such a child at times.
“Adam’s not interested in the details, just the end results.”  I dismiss, knowing that if I had been human, my blushing cheeks would give me away.
I wander away from the wall and kick loose stones across the pavement, hoping to move on from this topic.
“I’m not sure leaving you with Adam is such a good idea anymore.  He manipulates you in an unhealthy way.”  David mutters with an exasperated sigh.
“David we’ve been through this.  Adam takes care of me and he loves me.”  I defend.
“Can’t you hear yourself?  Adam loves you.  You don’t love Adam, at least not in the right way.”  David grabs my arm and spins me around to face him.  “I can take care of you.  In fact, I did before we got mixed up with him.  Come with me now.  You’ve got no reason to go back now.  I’ve got things sorted.”  His arms dance about in front of me showing his frustration.
“Things were different then.  We live in a different world now.  You might be happy to be a fugitive, but I’m not sure it’s the life I want.  Besides Adam is my reason to go back.”
“That’s the whole reason why I’m doing this, Daisy, so we can be free.  I think you have paid Adam in kind for long enough, don’t you?  Or is it that you enjoy being his whore?” 
I slap my hand hard across David’s cheek.  His cruel snipe cuts deep.  “Let’s get something straight.”  I seethe.  “I don’t need to be taken care of.  I have chosen to be with Adam and it has nothing to do with you.”  I stomp away, forced to leave before the fury bubbling beneath my surface blows up in his face.
“Daisy-Daisy- wait I’m sorry, I shouldn’t ‘ave said that.  I didn’t mean it.  I just want you to be happy and free.  You are my twin sister; your happiness will always be my business.  I just don’t believe you’re with him for the right reasons.”  David rubs his cheek with a conciliatory half smile
“Look I’ve got to go and find the human.  Take care of yourself, and find me again soon, okay?”  I huff.  In reality, I want to storm off to show him just how much he has hurt me.  However, although my anger won’t allow me to make peace with him entirely, I don’t want to leave on bad terms either so I turn away before anything unretractable slips out in the intensity of the moment.
David has other ideas and grabs my arm.  “Daisy!  Wait.  Don’t leave like this.”  
I attempt to wrestle free but David has always been stronger than I have.
“HEY!  Hey you, let go of her.”  A voice shouts.  My stomach twitches.  Conlan.
“David, that’s the EC.”  I whisper.  
David understands and releases my arm.
“Hey what doyathink yer doing?”  Conlan barks as he runs towards us and shoves David’s arm away in protest.
My brother just seems amused by this and holds out his hands to taunt him further, daring him to try it again.
“Daisy, are you okay?  Is he bothering you?”  Conlan shouts at me whilst stretching his arm out to direct me to stand behind him for protection.  A sweet and brave gesture.
“Yes he is bothering me, but unfortunately he’s my twin brother, so I’m kinda stuck with him.”  
David’s laughter bursts out around us, echoing off the empty street.
Conlan blushes.  “Twin? . . .  Oh shit, I hoped I was rescuing you this time.”  He mutters and rubs his head, feeling foolish.  He takes a further look at David and only now seems aware of his size.  
“Ha.  My sister?  Need rescuing?  You don’t wanna say that in front of her.”  David teases, almost collapsing under the weight of his laughter whilst Conlan spirals into further embarrassment and now fear. 
 “Conlan where have you been?  Why did you run out on me the other night?”  I question a little too urgently in an attempt to ignore my brother.
“You seemed really freaked out, so I thought I’d give you a bit of space.”  Conlan shrugs staring at the wet pavement, but a smile emerges.  “You missed me huh?  Even went to the B&B looking for me, didn’t you?” 
“Er no, not really.  I just wanted to make sure you were okay, you’d had quite a shock.”  I dismiss. 
Conlan chuckles, “Okay, okay.  Well I’m back now and I er . . . I wanted to er well the reason I’m here is to ask you out, because er. . .  I dunno . . .  well let’s just say you kinda intrigue me.”  
David’s laughter stills in the background, but I can feel him smirking at us.  
“You’re asking me out?”
Taking my hand Conlan leads me a few steps further away from David, whose eyes follow us.  
“Daisy you’re beautiful, mysterious and brave, braver than anyone I know.  Something about you makes me feel safe—” He whispers, hoping David cannot hear him.
“Safe?  Not sure that’s quite how I want you to feel about me.”
“I mean. . . .  I want to spend more time with you and get to know you.  Oh god, this sounds so lame.  I’m not normally like this, but there’s just something about you . . . you reduce me to this jabbering wreck.” 
David’s laugh starts up again, and then he barges in between us.  “I’m David by the way.  If she doesn’t say yes, come ‘n see me and I’ll sort her out.”
“Shut-up David.  Don’t you have somewhere to be?”  I urge irritated by his input.
“Nah not really.”  David teases.
“Conlan, please wait just one minute.  I need to speak to my brother.  He is in a bit of a rush.”  I glare at David and pull on his arm to drag him away so that Conlan cannot hear us.  “What are you still doing hanging around out here in full view?  You need to disappear.  If anyone sees us together, that will be it.  I don’t want to get rid of you, but I won’t let you risk your so-called freedom just so you can annoy me.  I am working.  Conlan has nothing to do with you.  This is my job.”
“Alright, alright, but be careful Daisy.  I think love is in the air.”  David taunts.  “I’ll catch up with y’ soon, li’l Sis.”
“He’s meant to, it’s how I gain his trust, it’s how this whole thing works.”  I defend as quietly as possible as David walks away.
“I wasn’t referring to him.”  David sings before he disappears out of Conlan’s sight and vanishes in a blur from me.
It is typical of David to stir up trouble even when he is in a whole heap of his own, yet as I stare into the empty space, I am partly annoyed that I am missing him already.
“Daisy?  So what do you say?  Will you let me take you out?” 
“Sure, that would be fun.  When and where?”   
“How about Friday?”  A sunny expression spreads across his face. 
“Ermm, okay.  What time?”  
“Well, I was kinda hoping to take you out for the day?”
“Oh I see.  Well I’ve got an appointment in the morning, which I can’t really get out of, but I’m free in the afternoon.  What did you have in mind?”  At least Friday has a stormy outlook, which means I won’t have to explain away my aversion to daylight.
“Okay, that’s do-able.  I’m gonna surprise you.  I’ll pick you up at one?”
“Right okay.”  I nod, slightly uncomfortable with the surprise part. 
Conlan’s dimples emerge just before he leans in and presses his warm human lips against my cool cheek.  “Fantastic.”  He whispers bringing the hairs on the back of my neck to attention.
The terrible truth is I’m already convinced he’s an EC and I should bring him in, but  David’s taunt lingers at the back of my mind and before I announce to the FVOL that I’ve found an EC, I want to spend a little more time with Conlan.  With that final selfish thought, a pang of guilt hits me.
* * * *
Today, the sun shines brightly with a humid air, yet the forecast for tomorrow remains bleak or in other words, perfect for me.  Since I awoke, after managing to get a few hours sleep, I have spent the afternoon in my hotel room.  I’ve been snacking on synthetic blood packs, for no other reason other than because they are mounting up, thanks to my hunger for live specimens and Adam’s persistence in sending fresh supplies every month.  They are now becoming difficult to hide from Housekeeping.  I have also caught up on emails and carried out some research on the progress of the uprising.  
The FVOL are publicly downplaying the stories of the uprising as merely a small band of rogue vampires, yet elsewhere there seems to be increasing support for an organisation called ‘The Brotherhood Alliance’.  Coded messages are spreading across the online vampire community even some outside of our territory.  I can decipher one or two low risk ones that provide little information but the rest require nights of expert code breaking.  My personal emails are less interesting, mostly spam and one or two detail notices of new competitive assignments between the other Talent Scouts.  There are also several conversation threads on the FVOL community feed alluding to my alleged disappearance and suggestions that I have joined the uprising.
Those speculations provoke thoughts of my brother and purge my feelings of guilt for lying to Adam.  It has been a couple of days since my last contact with Adam because he has been involved in some classified errand, but I have missed the reassurance of his voice.  Perhaps I will call him.  Adam rarely sleeps more than four hours each day and he should be awake by now.
“Hi Adam.  Just checking in.”  I begin.
“Afternoon, Daisy.  It’s wonderful to hear your voice.”  He sighs, “I miss you, my sweet.”  His sombre tone is unusual.
“Is everything okay?  You don’t sound the same.”  
“Yes fine.”  He sighs again.  “News of your brother remains sparse.  How about you, how are you doing?  You’re ringing early today.”  
“Still not sleeping great and it’s bright sunshine out, so I thought I’d catch up on other stuff.  I wanted to let you know I have made some more progress.  I’m spending the afternoon with the target tomorrow.”  
“The afternoon?”
“Well, it’s forecast storms, so it shouldn’t be a problem and I’ll take the necessary precautions.”
“That’s excellent.  I am seeing the Elder tomorrow night to provide an update.  It will please him to hear you are making progress and hopefully I can have you back home in a few days, yes?”  Although Adam’s word are praising, his tone is lacking in his usual enthusiasm.
“Well, I should be able to confirm tomorrow night.  I see from my emails the other Talent Scouts are busy too.”  
“Yes, yes the potential uprising has created a requirement for additional strengthening of key front line positions.  It is posed as a competition across the entire territory with tight deadlines focused on quantity.  Ha, it will give Hector a chance to win now that you are preoccupied.”  Adam’s attempt to lighten the conversation fails.
“They don’t know what my task is, do they?”
“No.  We didn’t want you to have any interference.  We don’t want any word getting to the uprising either.  It’s a strictly need to know basis. . .  I am sorry Daisy but I have to go.  I have interrogations this evening to prepare for.  Call me tomorrow at nine so that I can give the Elder the latest update.”  He hurries.
“Okay Adam.  I’ll speak to you tomorrow.”   
* * * *
Throughout the night, rain lashed down leaving this morning’s sky heavy with stubborn grey storm clouds, a perfect day for a vampire with an aversion to sunlight.  
“Afternoon Daisy.  Hop on.  I’m hoping it will brighten up later.”  Conlan gestures towards the thunderous sky.
“I don’t mind it.  There’s something dramatically sexy about stormy weather, don’t you think?”  I smile provocatively at him.  “So where are you taking me?”  
“It’s a surprise.”   
“I don’t really like surprises.”  I bite my lip, cringing inside.  Surprises do not sit well with me.
“Somehow, I thought you’d say that, but if this,” Conlan swings his finger between us to emphasise what he means.  “. . . is going to work, we need to trust each other.”  He teases.
“This,” I mimic his finger movement.  “Is only our first date, no-one said anything about a long term relationship.”  I tease.
“Oh Daisy, where’s your faith in love at first sight.”  Conlan shakes his head, faking disappointment.
“Oh fine.  Surprise it is then.”  I concede.  How bad could it be?
Conlan drove for several miles until we rode into the entrance of a Theme Park.  We followed the queue of vehicles into the enormous car park and found a spot to leave the bike.
“A theme park?”  I clarify in disbelief as we dismount.  Of all the places I have considered during the journey, this was not one of them.  
“Yep.  I hope the rain will hold off.  It was such a beautiful day yesterday maybe we should’ve gone then.”  Conlan muses looking up to the sky again.
“A theme park?”  I repeat, slightly amused by the idea of a vampire getting thrills out of rides that they could outpace or so called terrifying drops that they could leap in or out of, whilst also feeling slightly wary of spending the entire afternoon outside in public with a small chance of the sun burning through the grey clouds. 
“If I were a millionaire I’d whisk you away somewhere exotic to partake in cliff diving or something equally as life threatening, but right now this is about as good as it gets I’m afraid.”  Conlan reacts to my tone, obviously offended by my response and misunderstanding my reasons.
“No.  I’m sorry, it’s just not what I expected.  This isn’t somewhere I’d ever considered—” I don’t want him to think I am being ungrateful.
“—Speed, heights, thrills.  I thought you’d find it fun.  I didn’t see you as a sedate picnic in the park kind of girl.”  Conlan pouts turning his huge green eyes into sad puppy dog eyes.  
“No you’re right, it’s a great idea.  Please let’s start again.  I honestly didn’t mean to offend you.  I warned you I’m no good with surprises.”  I smile attempting to undo the insult.  
Thankfully, Conlan mirrors my smile, accepting my apology and takes my hand.  “Wow you’re freezing.”  He notes.
“Bad circulation . . . I’m fine.”  I insist gripping his warm hand, hoping to transfer some of his heat.  The sensation creates tingles dancing across my skin.  
“Have you been here before?”  Conlan asks once we pass through the ticket office.
“No.  I’ve never been inside one of these places.”  I confirm, glancing around at the peculiar constructions with handfuls of screaming humans strapped into them.
“Really?  That’s great.”  He smiles finally satisfied with his choice of date.
Despite the weather, the park is full with crowds of people and the lines for rides snake around the queuing system extending waiting times to over an hour.  However, this provides Conlan and me with more time to talk and get to know each other.  I am enjoying myself so much that I get lost in the fantasy that we are on a date and forget to scrutinise his every movement for further evidence of his EC potential.  
Whilst we stand waiting in line for the apparently most thrilling roller coaster, a cool autumn evening breeze picks up as the night sky creeps in and darkens the already moody clouds.  Around me, I notice couples hugging each other for protection as they shuffle along the narrow walkways.  Their obvious happiness and contentment to tangle up in each other sparks my curiosity.  I want to experience what they’re doing with Conlan.  I let go of his hand and reach my arms around his waist to lean my head against his chest.  He seems a little shocked at first and he is almost too afraid to touch me, but I hug him tighter to encourage him to wrap his arms around me too.  His warmth penetrates in the way it had when he pressed up against me on the back of my bike.  My stomach flutters wildly and I realise I want him much more than I should.
 “You’re frozen.  Why didn’t you say?”  Conlan whispers whilst he attempts to warm me up by roughly rubbing my arms.  “Then again a flimsy jumper and a light leather jacket were never going to be warm enough.”
“I’m fine just a little chilly, besides you surprised me.  I didn’t know we would be out all afternoon and evening now did I?”  The truth is I could stand here in a bikini and not feel the effect of the cold, but I like his notes of concern.
“S’pose not.  I guess I’ll just have to keep you warm.  Eh?” 
For a few moments, I stand still listening to his heartbeat, inhaling his delicious smell with all kinds of desire stirring within me.  The line shuffles up a little more and I glance up to his mesmerising jade eyes as they bear down into mine intimating a world of possibilities that I shouldn’t be a part of.  His head drops closer to mine and the aroma of his blood burns in my throat, yet for the first time this comes second to my blazing desire to taste his kiss one more time.  His lips edge towards mine and I want to feel his warm lips moving against mine, yet I know it is too dangerous.  I force myself to break our locked gaze and remove my arms from around him.  “Er, well, actually the cold air is starting to bite.  Would you mind taking me back?”  I hug my own waist to support my lie. 
Conlan stares at me with a mix of disappointment and concern.  “What, right now?—”
“—Mmhm.”
“Oh, okay, of course, yes, no worries.”  He shakes off his jacket and places it over my shoulders as we make our way out of the theme park.
* * * *
After waving goodbye to Conlan on the street my feet drag all the way up to my room whilst I lose myself in thought.  “How can he have such a strong effect on me?”  I mutter under my breath whilst I search my pockets for the swipe card to unlock the door.
“I think I frighten you.”  Conlan unexpectedly answers and makes me jump, “See?”  He chuckles resting his arm above me on the doorframe.  His scent is more potent through his sweat.  He must have run up the stairs.
“Puh, I don’t think so.”  I spit, but perhaps that was a little harsh.  “Although sneaking up on someone can do that.”
“I don’t mean in a big scary man kind of way, but in the way I make you feel.  You at least owe me a drink after cutting our date short.  We’ve not even had dinner.”  Conlan explains a little too perceptively, narrowing his eyes.  “I feel it too.  It seems . . . seems kinda intense I suppose.”
I open my hotel room door.  “Come on then.  Do you want a hot drink?  You don’t seem to be able to handle your brandy.”  I grin.
Conlan nods and follows me inside.  “We could always order room service, my treat?”
I shake off my jacket and drape it over a hanger in the wardrobe near the door.
“So, how long are you staying here for?”  Conlan asks surveying the room. 
“Not sure it depends on my work.  How about you?”  I prepare the coffee whilst I wait for the kettle to breathe out heavy steam.
“I’m supposed to be heading back on Sunday.  I’ve finished what I came for.”  He explains, bouncing on the edge of the bed.  “Daisy, come ‘ere.”  He adds patting a space on the bed next to him.
I wander over to the bed.  “Where to?”  I ask in a casual tone, standing in front of him.  Conlan pulls me down on to his lap.  I don’t stop him.  I should, but I don’t.  “Home, well London.  I’m a photographer.  I’ve been here on an assignment for a client.  I’ve got friends who live around here, so I found a cheap B&B and stayed to catch up rather than travelling back and forth.”  He sighs.  “Unfortunately I had a bit of business to deal with back in London so I had to go back for a couple of days.  If I’m honest I didn’t really need to come back here, but you were constantly on my mind.  I had to see you again . . . So what are you here for, your brother?” 
I rest my arm around his shoulders.  “No, David just dropped by to say Hi.  I’m a Talent Scout.”  I’m trying to keep as close to the truth as possible whilst avoiding looking directly at him, knowing it will only lead where it shouldn’t if I do.  Yet I can feel his heart pumping against my side and I can tell he hopes this is going to lead somewhere it must not.  
His warm lips begin to press delicate kisses along my neck.  They distract me and although I argue against my desire, I want him too much.  In a blur, I twist around, straddle him and push him down against the pressed white cotton sheets. 
“Hey how did you do that?”  Conlan mouths with an excited glint in his eye and I can feel his excitement beneath my lap.
I bend down and kiss his neck, brushing my lips against his pulse.  “Self Defence classes.”  I whisper surrendering to my desire to have him, just once to satisfy my craving.  I have gathered enough evidence to take him back to Adam and then it will all be over.
“Something’s vibrating against your thigh.”  Conlan pats my leg playfully.  “Don’t answer it, ignore it.”  He tries to distract me with a kiss and he almost persuades me but I have to check in case it is David.  
 I pull my phone out of my pocket.  Adam’s name flashes across the screen.  “I’m sorry I need to take this its work.  Do not.  Go.  Anywhere.  Stay right where you are.  I won’t be long.”  I purr and disappear into the bathroom.
“Hi, my sweet.  I know we agreed nine but I was impatient to find out how you’ve got on?”  
“Er . . . Good.”  I inform him, perching on the edge of the bath staring at the stained grout framing the white tiles on the opposite wall.
“Is that it?  You’ve spent the whole afternoon with the target and all I get is good?”
“I’m still with him.”  I whisper hoping Adam would take the hint and hang up promptly without any interrogation.
“You’ve been with him all afternoon, It’s nearly eight and he’s still with you?”  Adam raises his voice with concern.  “Where are you?”
“Erm, well yes.  We’re in my hotel room.”  Guilt suddenly hits me.
“Have you fed?”
“What?  No but . . .” Adam’s question throws me.
“Daisy?  You have been with a human for what seven hours without feeding and now you are alone in your hotel room.  That is reckless.  What if you lose control?  You could end up destroying him.  Then where would we be?”  His curt tone reveals his concern for the wellbeing of the target rather than the possibility that I might feel an illegal attachment to Conlan.
“Adam, I never lose control.  I over fed yesterday.  I know how important this is.  Trust me.”  The word stuck in my throat.
“I do, but you shouldn’t add any unnecessary risks.  I want you to succeed.  I miss you and I want you home.”  
“I know you do.  I’ll call you later and provide a full update.”  I whisper ending the call.  
Home?  Somehow, everything seems to have changed.  I do not want to go home.  I do not want to see Adam; I just want to stay with Conlan.  All of a sudden, my life is complicating at an increasing, out of my control pace like an unwieldy snowball and I hate it.
“Daisy?”  The sudden sound of Conlan’s voice sends flutters through me.
“I’m coming.”  I unlock the door.
Conlan appears with his arms resting above him on the doorframe of the bathroom.  “Everything okay?”  
He has removed his T-shirt and looks delicious in every way possible.  I nod, holding his gaze as I approach him.  He doesn’t move.  It is as if the invisible electricity is binding us.  My hands creep along his arms and down on to his face.  The sensation of his stubble lightly bristling against my skin ignites more sparks.  My thumb finds his warm soft lips and I tenderly trace the curve of their outline, Conlan drops his arms and wraps them around me.  It is no use fighting it anymore; I want to surrender to my craving.  My hands slide down to his bare chest and beneath, I can feel his heart pounding in rhythm with mine as he presses his cushioned mouth urgently against my lips.  Desire explodes inside me.  Selfishly I want him more than anything, more than blood.  He lifts me up and I lock my legs around his waist as he carries me back into the bedroom.





Chapter 5:  Volition
Six weeks later; Conlan’s flat, Marchington Gardens, NW10.  Southern Lands.

The slightly ajar door to Conlan’s studio flat warns of something not quite right.  The mugging left Conlan feeling vulnerable, although he will not openly admit to it, he has gone to extraordinary lengths to make his apartment secure.  As soon as I accepted his invitation to stay with him in London, he insisted on installing alarms and adding extra locks.  He even gave me a whistle and a can of some sort of deterrent spray.  Oh if only he knew!  Therefore, his gaping front door screams out that something is definitely wrong.
I slip in to the flat as silently as possible, hoping to catch a burglar rather than what I fear I might find.  After the first night Conlan and I made love, I lied to Adam and told him Conlan wasn’t an EC so that I could buy more time with him.  Living together over the past few weeks, although a challenge, has been more than worth it and now I’ve reduced my calls to Adam to just one per week.  Adam’s obviously not happy with this new arrangement but I’ve argued that phoning daily to advise of no success is having a negative impact on me.  He has reluctantly agreed.  The stick Adam tries to beat me with, my brother’s impending capture, is becoming redundant because the FVoL are nowhere nearer to capturing him than when he first left.  Now I fear Adam has come looking for me.
 As I move through the hallway sliding up against the walls towards the kitchen, I can hear Conlan’s heart thudding in his chest and I catch the scent of another like me.  After a deep breath, I stand up straight and stride into the kitchen with cold confidence.
“Ah ha Hector.  What a surprise.  What can I do for you and what do you think you are doing to that poor human?”  I feign a chuckle, relieved that it is not Adam, but I can feel Conlan’s terror echoing through me.  
“Da-isy, Da-isy, you appear to be hiding something of considerable value to the FVOL and out of professional courtesy I thought I’d give you the opportunity to discuss a deal.”
I force an animated laugh.  “Hector, I’m sorry to disappoint you, but I’ve been reporting back to my FVC on a regular basis.  Now don’t you have your own assignment to complete?”
“I’m not talking about him.”  Hector spits and throws Conlan on to the cold ceramic tiles, knocking him unconscious.  The smell of his blood fills the air.  I have managed to train myself to control my urge for Conlan’s particular scent, but Hector’s nostrils flare like a raging bull.  My instinct is to rush over and check Conlan is okay but if I show any compassion Hector will pounce and use it against us.  Instead, I rest casually against the kitchen worktop and feign disinterest. 
Hector glances at the blood, but he has something more urgent he wants to discuss.  “Your brother?”  He presses.  His dark expression breaks into a smug grin and he mirrors my stance leaning against the worktop.
“I haven’t seen David for months and besides I’d hardly call a missing Hunter valuable.”  I scoff.
“Hunter?”  Hector laughs.  “Your brother is head of the Brotherhood Alliance.  He is the most wanted vampire in the territory.”
“What?  No!  No, you’re wrong.”  I refuse, failing to remain calm.  “David couldn’t possibly be at the front of the revolution.  He wouldn’t put his life at risk like that and-and-and . . .” My panic appears to be out of my control.  If it is true, David is a condemned man and I can do nothing to save him, no matter how many EC’s I find.
“The entire FVOL knows.  Has you FVC not updated you?  To be honest I was surprised to find you still on assignment.  I thought you would have turned rogue months ago.  In fact there were whispers that you had.”  Hector laughs but his eyes keep darting towards Conlan.
“If you know all this, why didn’t you just turn him in?”  I prompt attempting to call his bluff.
“Unfortunately, although everyone knows that David is the leader, he remains elusive and despite my leads I have no idea where he is, or I would have brought him in myself.  So . . . I thought . . . I’d switch tactics and turn my attention to you.  Like I said it is a surprise to find you here on assignment, but I still think you know where he is. 
“Listen Daisy, we’ve competed for many years now and I know how important status is to you.  Anyone who would go as far as to fuck their own FVC, especially when he looks like Freddy Krueger, just to gain elevation is not exactly a shining beacon of morality . . . and as you have not joined your brother, I’m guessing your loyalty to the FVOL and your career remains intact.  Now, I can be reasonable.  I understand your reluctance to just hand over the information I am after, so perhaps we can broker a deal.”  Hector waves his hand in Conlan’s direction.  “Now, let’s see, this human you’re obsessed with . . . For some reason he’s a highly classified target, yet you’ve taken a long time to hand him over . . . .  Why is that?  I suppose if you were not willing to hand me David, perhaps you could hand me him.  Hm?  After all presenting this target for transformation will reap rewards for the successful Talent Scout, perhaps even an audience with the Elder?”
My mind is racing.  I am not prepared to hand Conlan in full stop, let alone give him to Hector.  As for David, well maybe I do suspect he is involved with the uprising, but the leader, no way.  Whatever loyalty I have left for the FVOL certainly does not extend to giving them any information on David and definitely not through Hector. 
 “You silly ambitious fool.  First of all, my FVC is fully up to date on the progress of my assignment and aware that I am in the latter stages of grooming my target for transformation.  So if I did hand him over to you, you would be punished for pillaging.  Secondly, if it is true that David is whom you say he is, then it is news to me and you have wasted your time.  Now I suggest you run along and finish whatever it is you are supposed to be searching for before I lose patience and report you.”
“Hmm, valid point about pillaging.  It would not look good . . . But it is unlike you to take such a long time to hand over a target.  Has Daisy found a new toy to amuse herself with?  How would she feel if her toy suffered an accidental death such as an unfortunate car crash perhaps, after all human life is so fragile hmm?”  Hector narrows his eyes lost in thought for a moment.  “Although you do seem genuinely shocked about your brother, I have no doubts that you’re in contact with him in some way. . .  So I tell you what, the next time you arrange to meet him, drop me a signal.  I’ll track you and collect the information I need and then your human pet gets to keep hold of his life.  It’s a perfect idea, even if I do say so myself.”  Hector grins.  
“Except for the fact that David hasn’t contacted me, I haven’t seen him in over nine months.”  I shout, growing increasingly concerned for Conlan who remains lifeless on the floor.  “Besides if it were that easy do you not think that Adam would have tried that already?”
“You’re twins!  If the rumours of how strong your bond is are true, I suspect even now whilst he is the most wanted vampire, he’ll risk capture to see you and check in on you.  I am well aware how cunning he is.”  Hector argues losing patience with me.  “He’ll presume Adam has you followed and make allowances for that.  I am a different prospect, especially if we work together.”  
He is so full of arrogance he makes me want to stake him.  “Yes my brother is cunning, not stupid, not suicidal.  Do you not think I’m being watched with my emails and phone messages hacked into?”  I hiss.
“I know he’s found a way around it. . .  Look I’m getting bored of this, do it or the human dies.”  Hector threatens thrusting his sharp angular face up close to mine.  “You can’t protect him twenty four seven, especially with your aversion to sunlight.”
Fury erupts inside me and I shove Hector hard hurling him into the fridge door leaving a perfect Hector shaped dent.  Hector retaliates and grabs my arms to catapult me across to the other side of the room with a vicious kick.  I land on the cushioned sofa, unscathed.  Immediately I dart across the room and duck his punch before throwing my fist into his face, leaving a dull ache in my hand.  It knocks him on to the kitchen floor with his jaw shifted awkwardly to the left, but he springs up and clicks it back into place.  His anger has escalated beyond reason and he grabs me and slams me into the ceramic floor tiles, sending a crack splintering across them.  He pins me against the tiles, wrestling with me as he tries to bite my throat but I am fighting with all my strength to keep his head away from me.  Out of the corner of my eye, I catch a glimpse of Conlan crawling along the floor and reach up for a knife lying on the side.  I want to warn him not to, but Hector’s fangs inch closer to my neck as he starts to overpower me and it is taking everything I have to keep him from mutilating me with his hungry fangs.  Then all of a sudden, the darkest shadow casts shade across the three of us.
“Enough Hector.  Get off her now.”  Adam’s gravelly voice echoes around the flat with abrupt effect.  “You.  Human.  Put that down and sit over there.”  He orders and Conlan scurries obediently over to the sofa like a frightened mouse.  “Hector; remove yourself from her before I rip your arms off.  How well do you think you’ll perform your assignments then?”  Adam snaps, annoyed that Hector hasn’t immediately followed his order and released me.
Hector hisses in my ear but jumps off me. 
“What the hell do you think you are doing attacking another Scout like this?  Wait until your FVC hears of this.”  Adam reprimands.
 “Sir.  She’s a traitor.”  Hector argues whilst Adam helps me to my feet.
 “Explain to me what the hell’s going on here?”  A hurricane is whipping up in Adam’s eyes making him appear more terrifying than I have ever seen before.
“H-h-Hector broke in and tried to grab my EC.  When I found him he tried to blackmail me with a ridiculous lie that my brother’s the leader of the uprising.”  I hurry whilst straightening my clothes.
“An EC?  No, can’t be.”  Hector whispers in astonishment sizing Conlan up.
“Hector.”  Adam’s voice rumbles.
“Sir, Daisy is the key to capturing her traitorous brother and ending The Brotherhood Alliance.  They are twins for fuck’s sake; they are connected in an innate way.  You cannot honestly believe that he would not have contacted her.  You know what they’re like Sir, better than any of us.”  Hector argues.
“Watch your language.  The fact is you have stalked Daisy for several days and tried to pillage a classified assignment and that is a serious breach of our rules.  You will return to headquarters and your FVC will be informed.  The rest is no concern of yours.”  Adam growls.
“Yeah right.”  Hector puffs.
Adam’s eyes blaze and he reaches out and clutches Hector by the throat, holding him up off the ground.  Adam’s demonic expression hints at the scale of his anger.  “Get out of here and do as I’ve ordered or I will destroy you myself.”  Adam pulls Hector closer and sinks his teeth into Hector’s arm, ripping a chunk out, and spits it out onto the floor.  Hector yelps in pain and requires no further convincing before he vanishes from Conlan’s flat in a blur.  Before returning his attentions to me, Adam wipes the remnants of blood and skin from his mouth with a tea towel from Conlan’s kitchen rail.  I take the opportunity to glance over to Conlan to check he is okay but he has passed out again.
“So, tell me, my sweet elusive Daisy, what has been going on?”  Adam’s tone is calmer, more controlled to encourage me to speak.
“What are you doing here?”  I question, daring to avoid his question.  “I don’t need saving.”  Yet my voice slips away as I rapidly lose my courage and for the first time I find he intimidates me.
Losing his control Adam slaps me across the face knocking me down to the ground.  “Saving your arse.”  He growls thunderously.  “I’ll ask you again, what is going on here?  Hector is almost four hundred and fifty years old.  He is much stronger than you are.  If I hadn’t arrived when I did, he would have ripped your throat out.  I guarantee it.”
I rub my cheek to soothe the rapidly dulling sting.  “H-he tried to poach my target.  I tried to stop him.  H-h-how did you know I was here?”  I am fighting against the tears of guilt swelling in my eyes.
Adam’s fingers wrap tightly around my arm and yank me up on my feet.  “It was our hundredth anniversary yesterday.  A century together.  Had you forgotten?  I guess you did, as you didn’t even bother to call, never mind the fact that your communication on this assignment has become lax to say the least in recent weeks.  .  .  I grew worried that something had happened to you so I dropped everything and came in person.  Have you any idea how worried I have been and do you even have the slightest comprehension of just how difficult it has been to protect you because of what your selfish brother has done?  It is not acceptable behaviour.  I thought you had more respect for me than this Daisy.”  Adam’s fury pours out from him.
“I . . . I—” I begin to defend my actions, although there is no real defence.  I have treated Adam appallingly.  I have betrayed him in every way possible.
Struggling unsteadily to his feet behind us, Conlan interrupts us.  “Hey.  W-w-will someone please tell me what the hell is going on.  Who are y-you people?”  He is clearly in shock.  
I try to give him a subtle signal to shut up and sit down but it is too late.
“I thought you hadn’t found an EC or is this something else?”  Adam jabs his finger in Conlan’s direction and looks at him with inquisitive eyes as if he were inspecting a fascinating object.  
 “No, but yes I think he might be an EC Adam-but—” Adam holds up his hand to silence me.
I watch with trepidation as Adam circles Conlan eyeing every inch of him.  “Sit back down human, over there and do not move until I tell you otherwise.”  He orders   and I feel a little relief that Adam’s not yet ready to kill him.  
Conlan moves back towards the sofa, darting his haunting eyes in my direction, pleading for help or explanation.
Adam sighs and crosses his arms over his chest.  “Right . . . We will talk about your behaviour when we get home my sweet.  At this moment, I would like to get some points straight.  First, unfortunately Hector was telling you the truth.  David is one-half of the leadership of the uprising known as the Brotherhood Alliance.  However, I believe that David protects you as much as I do and therefore I am certain that you have no idea where he is or that he is responsible and I will continue to defend you to that end.  Secondly, we are going to bring this potential EC back with us now and you are going to take a break.  You have been working for too long.  My evaluation, as your FVC, concludes that it is also no longer safe for you to be out and about when your twin brother is about to launch an attack on us.  You could easily end up as collateral, for either side as Hector has demonstrated.”
I tug on Adam’s arms, willing him to uncross them and listen to me.  “Adam, wait . . . My EC, I’ve not confirmed it yet.  I’ve only just found him.  I need more time.  I don’t want to get this wrong.”  I plead.
Adam drops his arms and puts them around me.  He smiles and kisses my forehead with a tender sweet touch.  I am hoping I have persuaded him but then he turns sinister.  “My sweet, sweet Daisy, these are my orders and you will obey me, or you will endure the consequences.  We both know I have allowed you more than enough time and we both know you should have brought him in weeks if not months ago.  Don’t we?” 
 I recoil away and try to break free of him, but he will not release me.
“H-Hey.  Y-you. . . .  Get your hands off her.”  Conlan stutters from across the room.  I am not sure what he thinks he can do or whether he is numb from the shock.
 “What?”  Adam chortles and spins around in surprise to face Conlan.  “Ha!  Your EC has fallen for you Daisy,” Adam gasps with glee, “I can almost feel it. . . .  And you . . . you feel the same don’t you?”  He glances back towards me and my reaction reveals everything I am trying to hide.  “That’s it Daisy.  Don’t you see, that means he . . . he really is an EC?  . . .  Daisy you did it.”  
 “No-no-no, I’m not sure.  He’s not ready.”  My plea falls on deaf ears. 
 Adam shoves me aside to examine Conlan.  
Quickly I shoot in between them.  “Adam please?”
“Nonsense.  You are fabulous my sweet.  The best there is.”  His grin is wide with pride.
“Ad—”   I begin running out of plausible argument.
“Daisy!  The EC is FVOL property now.  He needs entering into transformation.  I want no further protest.  They’ll fill him in.”  He snaps losing patience with me.
“Wh-wh-what’s he talking about?”  Conlan panics.  “What transformation, what are you?”  He looks like a terrified little boy, pleading for reassurance.
“Adam, please just a couple more days, to explain to him?”  I beg one last time.  I owe it to Conlan; I should not have stayed so long.  It was selfish.
Adam’s anger returns and he grabs me, shaking me violently.  “Pull yourself together.  The transformation team will deal with all that.  He will not remember afterwards anyway.  I am not going to let you destroy your life because an EC has used his skill on you.”  He growls tightening his vice like grip around my arms.
“Please stop, you’re frightening me.”  I whimper.
“LET GO OF HER!”  David’s voice bellows from the shadows.
Oh god, what the hell is he doing here?  This has to be a nightmare, this can't possibly be happening.
“David?  Hah, what a doltish vampire you are.”  Adam seethes refusing to let go of me.
“Conlan, over here.”  David calls.  Conlan moves quickly without question to David who grabs him and holds him around the neck.  “Let her go or I’ll kill him.”  
“No!”  I scream and try to wrestle free from Adam.
“Don’t be so ridiculous.  I would never harm Daisy.  I’m doing this for her own good.”  Adam negotiates, although the bruises quickly fading on my arms hint otherwise.  “You’re selfish acts would have signed her death warrant, if it weren’t for me.”
“She needs to be free of you.  Give Daisy to me and you can have your EC.  I can take care of her now.” 
“I can have all three of you if I want.  You are no match for me.  Do not forget I held your life in my hands once before and . . . well here . . . we are . . . again.  It’s only Daisy who has kept you alive all these years, don’t forget that.”
“I know the truth Adam; don’t get me confused with Daisy.”  David warns intimating something I know absolutely nothing about.
“Stop this.  I am not a bargaining chip.  I do not need saving.  I have not survived three hundred years without being able to take care of myself.  David keep out of this, I’ve told you Adam loves me—”
“—There it is again, Adam loves you I have never heard you say I love Adam.  Yet I’ve kept watch over you these past few months and every inch of you tells me how much you love the human.  It is entirely different when you are with that monster.  It is sickening, depraved.  I am doing this for you.  Trust me . . . please.” 
Why can he not keep out of this?  He is making everything worse.  I want to scream and push them all out of the room away from me.  The situation feels like it is caving in on me, out of my control . . .
“ENOUGH!”  Adam bellows.  “Walk out of here with me now and I’ll spare David and forget he was ever in this room . . . for you, because I love you.  Nevertheless, the EC must be taken in for transformation and that, my sweet, is not negotiable.  On the other hand,if you attempt to leave with your brother you will all suffer the consequences in-div-idually.”  
I understand the dark meaning beneath his threat as will David.
“Daisy-don’t listen, don’t listen to him, listen to me.  Trust me.”  David pleads with me.  “Don’t go with him.  Come with me now.” 
What choice do I have?  Adam could have us all hostage before I even thought of taking a step towards David.  He could inflict the worst, most terrible pain on each one of us.  He loves me, but he will not suffer me leaving him.  My only choice is to leave with Adam and figure out a way to save Conlan.  At least everyone would still walk away with their lives intact.  For now.
“Okay Adam, I’ll come back with you, as long as you allow David to leave safely.”  I mutter in defeat.
“DAISY!  Don’t be so stupid.  Why won’t you ever listen to me?”  David yells annoyed and exasperated by my decision.  
Whilst David’s furious eyes burn into mine Adam moves in a blur and retrieves Conlan.  
“Do not leave with him.”  Adam growls in my ear leaving the words hanging like a ghost whilst he disappears to transfer Conlan into his waiting transport.
David grabs my arm and tugs me towards the window.  “Let’s go now, quick before he comes back.”  
“No.  You are my brother and I need you in this world.  I will not make a choice that is going to end your life.”  I refuse, struggling to break free of David’s grip.  “Trust me.  If I left with you now, what would happen to Conlan?  I have done this to him, I have put him in this situation and now I have to try to get him out.  Look, I’m not saying that I don’t want to leave with you, or that I won’t join you—”  
“—Oh Daisy, you don’t understand the full picture, there’s so much you don’t know, but I can’t tell you unless you’re out from under his shadow.  Come with me now and I will find a way to get Conlan out of there, I promise.  Please Daisy?”  David is growing desperate, knowing that Adam will return any moment.
 “No, it’s impossible.  There won’t be enough time; they will cleanse him as soon as possible.  My only chance is to go with Adam now and try to get him to delay it.  It will also give you chance to get as far away from here as you can.  Adam might let you leave, but he will have hunters on your heels.  I love you, please, please just go, keep yourself alive.”  I fling my arms around his waist and squeeze, soaking him up before we have to say goodbye for what could be forever.  The sound of quiet footsteps approaching alerts us to Adam’s imminent return.  “He’s coming back.  Please go, please-quickly.”  Tears fall from my eyes.
David holds my head in his hands and wipes the tears away with his thumbs before he plants a kiss on my forehead.  “Oh Christ Daisy, If you must go with him now, then go,” He accepts with a heavy reluctant sigh, “but I will get you out of there I promise, even if I have to take you kicking and screaming.”
 “I‘ll be watched like a hawk until they catch you—”
“—IF.  If, they catch me.”  David corrects full of confidence.
 “Please stay away from me, for your own protection.  Adam won’t do anything to hurt me or you as long as I stay with him.  Now go, he’s almost here.”  I push him towards the window with tears still raining from my eyes.
 “You don’t want him Daisy, I know you don’t and I won’t see you resigned to an eternal life of unhappiness because of me.  This whole situation is far bigger than you realise.  I’ll show you, wait and see.”  
“Daisy?  Come.  We need to go back.”  Adam blocks the doorway, hands on hips striking a menacing figure.  “I suggest you vanish quickly.”  He directs at my brother who glowers back before he twists and jumps through the window disappearing from my life.
Adam’s arm slides around my shoulders and tugs me towards the door.  “I’m pleased you made the right choice, my sweet.  Remember I let him go for your sake because of how much I love you.”  




Chapter 6: Sacrifice

As soon as we step through the door to my apartment, Adam breaks our tense silence that has lasted since we left Conlan’s flat.  “For the foreseeable future, you won’t be permitted to leave the grounds of the estate and for your own protection I have assigned two guards to monitor you . . .”
My apartment?  It no longer seems like mine.  It could be any other generic living space.  It lacks the homely feel of Conlan’s smell and presence that swarmed his flat in London, never mind the fact that Adam has now turned this apartment into a prison cell.  
  “. . .  They will stand guard outside your apartment with orders to allow no one to enter without my authority.  If you wish to leave your apartment for any reason, they will escort you.  I would advise you not to attempt to evade them for your own safety.  If you need something to occupy you, I suggest you start preparing your end of assignment report.  It may help future scouts find more EC’s in the future.  Now, I need to update the Elder and smooth things over.  The redeeming feature in all this is that you have actually found an EC.  I’ll see you in a couple of hours.”  Adam announces whilst he tightens up his loosened tie.  His cold instruction does little to ease the tension between us.
“Adam, wait.  When will they cleanse him?”  I whimper.
Adam pauses at the door with his back to me, unable to look at me.  “He’s booked in for three AM.  Unfortunately, we are at full capacity because of the front line competition, so it cannot be done sooner.  Do as you’re told and get on with your report.”  He snarls and then leaves.
Predictably, the apartment reeks of disinfectant and polish.  A fresh supply of synthetic blood fills the fridge and there is a new bouquet of roses splayed in the crystal vase in my bedroom.  However, Adam has confiscated my phone, laptop and anything else I can use to communicate with the outside world.  On my pillow, I have found a small-unopened gift box, ring box size, but I am ignoring it, the thought of what is likely to be inside makes me feel sick.  I wander back into the living room to avoid it. 
On the table, a writing pad and pen await me, but pulling together a report is the last thing on my mind and all I can think about are ways to get Conlan out of here.  Yet as I wrack my brain working through each potential escape route, I end up in the same dead end.  Any influence I held over Adam has diminished thanks to David’s astute observations and now Adam can barely look at me.  Time is falling through my fingers as minutes turn into hours and I cannot fathom a way out.  I glance at the clock on the coffee machine.  It is already past two AM.  The cleansing will begin in less than an hour and then Conlan as I know him will be lost forever and it will all be my fault.  
* * * *
The thunder of Adam’s footsteps, marching up the hall towards my door, alert me to the fact that too much time has already slipped away and I am no closer to figuring out how to save Conlan.  
“Is the report complete?”  Adam enquires as he strides through the door.  
I am unable to hide the hopelessness that is rapidly consuming me and barely find the energy to answer him.
Adam pauses to assess me.  The chill in his eyes noticeably thaws.  “Oh my sweet, sweet, Daisy your energy and glow have dimmed beyond recognition.  How can we bring them back?”  He asks with apparent genuine concern.  
I shrug my shoulders and hug my knees defensively.
“Perhaps you’re suffering some sort of withdrawal from the EC.  You spent a lot of time in close proximity to him.”  He is exploring explanations in a bid to avoid the truth.  He disappears into the kitchen and returns with some blood.  “Have you fed?  Here drink this.  It will help.”
I shake my head, despite my thirst.  
“Did you like my gift?”
I shake my head again.  “It’s still on the bed where you left it.”  
Worry crumples his already distorted face.  It seems he sincerely wants to soothe my unhappiness.  Could I be so cold as to take advantage?  
“My sweet, please tell me what I can do to make you feel better?  I am sorry about earlier, I have calmed down now.  I love you, you know that.  Look, I understand how much you hate being under lock down but, this is purely for your own safety.  Now come, tell me, what can I do to make this a little easier?”
“Nothing.”  I murmur.
“Please, don’t push me away; I can’t bear to see you so despondent.  Tell me what you need.”
“Well . . . perhaps . . .”
“—Yes?”
“Perhaps if I could see him just one more time-to say goodbye and then I’ll have . . . closure.”  I mutter, afraid of his reaction.
Adam drops down to his knees in front of me puts his arm around me.  “I don’t think that’s a good idea, my sweet.” 
“Please?”  My voice cracks.  “I just need . . . just one final moment with him to say goodbye.  What harm can it do?  He’ll be transformed soon and any memory will be lost.”  I cry.  “I’m certain I’ll be able to move on then . . . Put the whole sorry saga behind me.”
This is not an easy request for Adam to consider, whether or not he chooses to acknowledge that I have strong feelings for Conlan, but allowing this request will require him to break strict security rules.  He stands up and paces for some time deliberating whilst I sit silently patient.  Finally, he pauses to asses me again. 
“If that is the only thing that will bring a smile back to your beautiful face,” Adams sits close to me and gently runs his fingers through my hair.  “I’ll allow you to see him . . .but on one condition . . . If I break the rules to allow you this one last moment to say goodbye, I want something equally as great in return.”
“Anything Adam, anything.” 
“In hindsight our relationship has persuaded me to treat you differently from the others.  Unfortunately, this hasn’t gone unnoticed and the rumours are increasing, especially in light of the current circumstances.  I cannot lose my authority and we cannot continue like this.  I fear they will force me to transfer you to another FVC in time for your next assignment.  The only way around this is to declare our eternal commitment to each other and then I’ll always be able to protect you and your brother.”  
It is a weighty condition, and I struggle to gulp down my urge to refuse it.  It is an enormous debt to pay, yet if being tied to Adam for eternity is my only way to protect Conlan and my brother then I have no choice but to agree.  He is a kind loving man deep down and I have enjoyed his companionship for the last one hundred years, so why should that change now?  The prospect of living with the guilt that Conlan was destroyed and turned into a cold Elite when I had a chance to save him is unthinkable.  I owe it to Conlan to do everything in my power to free him.  I must agree.  I have no choice.  
“Okay, I’ll do it.”
Bursting with delight, Adam forces his kiss on me and beams.  “Come then.  I will take you down now before the cleansing begins.  When we return perhaps you will open my gift . . . and then I’ll speak to the Elder . . . hmm?”  He pauses for a moment and darkness flickers over his smile.  “Just one thing, before we leave . . . if you decide to cross me Daisy, I’ll personally hunt down your brother and torture him until his immortal soul burns in hell.  I just wanted that understood before we go any further.”  
I nod once in acknowledgement, although I am unsure how I can help Conlan, without Adam knowing and without putting David in even more danger.
* * * *
FVOL transformation chambers lie deep beneath the FVOL estate and were once the original holding cells at the end of the Blood Wars.  Steel walls have replaced the silver bars and these days they house the humans during the pre-transformation stage.  Some cells were renovated into brilliant white clinical cleansing rooms where transforming agents strap humans into a dentist style chair and use futuristic technology to cleanse the human of their memories, which also removes most of the subject’s humanity with them.  Recently additional transformation rooms were built where the zombie-like humans have their blood drained before Transition Agents inject them with the vampire venom donated by a mix of Elites so that there are no progenitor ties.  Next, the human is given a blood transfusion of vampire blood to complete the change.  Once complete they enter the plush and extensively equipped talent development area.  It is there that synthetic human blood is pumped into them in order to rapidly build up their strength in preparation for their schooling in the rules of FVOL society.  As soon as they reach peak condition, they receive coaching in their talent and training in other key disciplines, determined by the role they are assigned­.  At the end of the programme, an Elite Vampire is created; cold; cruel and loyal only to the laws of the FVOL. 
However, within a few months, many are destroyed when they prove uncontrollable.  The thought of staring into Conlan’s vibrant eyes only to find a monstrous shell would break my heart.  I have to use my one chance wisely.
Adam escorts me through the underground levels, past the Elders boardroom, which marks the beginning of the original FVoL building, before we descend onto the interrogation unit level and into the corridor of Transformation chambers.  The odour of old blood lingers on the damp walls of the dimly lit underground corridors, whilst sobs and screams from humans going through transformation echo around us.  It is an eerie atmosphere even for me.  
Once we reach Conlan’s cell, Adam pauses and stares at me again.  I guess he is wrestling with whether he has made the right decision or not, but I know he wants me above all else and this is the price he is prepared to pay.  Eventually he turns to the retina scanner and unseals the door. 
 “I’ll give you one hour of privacy.”  He reminds me.  “One hour and I will be outside this door the entire time.”  He repeats and thrusts a lantern into my hand.  “Here, he’ll need this to see you.”
The door reseals behind me and I find Conlan huddled in the corner of the steel cell, hugging his knees.  He squints, searching through the dark at the lantern fearing who has entered. 
“Conlan, it’s me.”  I whisper.
 “Daisy?  Daisy you’re okay?”  He gasps clambering to his feet. 
“I can take care of myself.”  
“Yeah that’s right you’re one of them.  They have been very informative.  I know all about what you do, what you were doing with me.”  Conlan backs up against the wall, his initial relief has dissolved and I can feel his terror.  “You’re a monster, all wrapped up in a perfect package to snare your prey.”  He sounds hysterical.
“No.  No.  I . . . I love you, I have never gotten this close to one of my targets before and I am so, so sorry that you have ended up here.  I’m risking everything just to be here with you now.” 
 “That’s big of you . . . How can I trust anything you say?  I trusted you, but nothing’s been true except maybe your brother and when I trusted him he nearly ended up killing me.”  Conlan spits shuffling against the steel walls trying to escape me.
“No, no it was an empty threat.  David was just trying to get Adam to release me.  David wouldn’t hurt you; he knows how much you mean to me.”
“I just don’t get it, any of it.  Why would you go with that disgusting monster after the way he treats you?  You of all people are stronger than that.  Why didn’t you leave with your brother when you had the chance?”
 “Because I love you.  I had to at least try to save you from this fate.  I am over three hundred years old and I drink human blood.  I am not supposed to fall in love with you and yes I am supposed to use you for a purpose and I shouldn’t even have an ounce of compassion for you.  You are human, beneath me.  Yet from the moment I first found you kicking your bike on the side of the road, I fell in love.  At first, I thought my feelings were evidence of your EC potential, but it wasn’t.  You just . . . sort of blew me away.”
Suddenly Conlan looks less like a frightened rabbit and charges at me.  He presses his deliciously warm lips against mine.  I’ve missed them during our few short hours of separation and my body sizzles and aches for more.  “So I’m not what they think I am?”  He asks, gripping on to me for dear life.
I sigh and shake my head with regret.  “The night I found you accosted by those two men in the dark alley, I felt your fear.  From that moment on I knew you would be a vampire who could control the emotions of those around you.”  God, I wish I had taken him back to his room at the B&B and never returned.  “I was ready to bring you in then, that night, yet when Adam, him,” I nod towards the door to explain.  “Called me, I knew I could never do that to you, I wanted you for myself.  I wanted to protect you.  I should have left you, but I wanted you too much.  I’ve been selfish and this is all my fault and that’s why I couldn’t walk away and escape with David.”
“So you really are three hundred years old?”  He frowns, searching my eyes.
“A lady never reveals her exact age.”  
“Have you ever, you know, fed on me?” 
“No.  No, I was always very careful, fed regularly and never allowed my thirst to reach a point where I couldn’t control myself around you.  We are not the monsters in Hollywood movies, or at least not all of us.  Like humans, we have different personality’s different motivations and values.  Some of my kind will hate with dark vengeance, some will love a creature unconditionally or obsessively, and some of us can control our behaviour and emotional attachments.  I wanted you, not because of the scent of your blood, but because I found you intriguing and enjoyed being in your company.  I enjoyed pretending being human with you.  The last thing I wanted was to destroy you or hurt you in anyway.”
“He’s a monster.”  Conlan mumbles.
“Adam’s a complex man.”
“S’pose none of it matters now.  Somehow I don’t think you can rescue me this time.”  Conlan chuckles darkly, but I can feel he is frightened.  He drops to the floor and bangs his head against the back of the cell.
“My brother and his untimely interference with his big mouth.  If it weren’t for—”  
“—He’s your brother, he wanted to protect you.  You should have gone with him.  I’m doomed whatever happens . . . I guess I just wish we could be back in London living in ignorant bliss.”  
Crouching next to him, I put my arms around him and lay my head against his shoulder.  “We’ve only got a short amount of time.  They will remove your memories soon before they transform you and then you’ll have no recollection of me or your human life.” 
“You seem pretty human; it can’t be all that bad.” 
“I didn’t go through it.  This process has only been taking place for the last fifty years or so, since the FVOL discovered how to use the technology to cleanse humans . . . .  Oh I just wish I could figure a way to get you out, but Adam’s got me on suicide watch and there’s just no time.”  I groan.
“I’ve thought of a way.”  Conlan whispers against my ear.
“What?”  I am doubtful; he doesn’t even know the layout, let alone the wealth of security we would have to break through, never mind Adam standing outside the only exit of this Cell.
“You.  You can turn me into one of you now.  I’m guessing that’s something the movies got right and you can bite me or whatever?  . . .  And this talent I’m supposed to have is obviously powerful otherwise why else would you all have gone to the trouble to find me and bring me here.  I can use it once I’m one of you and get us out of here.”
“No Conlan, you don’t understand what you’re asking.”
“Listen to me.  What other choice do you have?  If you don’t, I will end up a vampire anyway.  Don’t let them take everything away from me first.  You know you can’t get me out of here as a human or you would already have done it.  I could get us out of here as a vampire.  I can do this.  Trust remember?”  Conlan grows excited at the prospect
“This isn’t a movie.  It’s about more than just trust.  I am going to turn you into the fiercest most hellish predator that possesses the darkest desires and will stop at nothing to satisfy them.  And what about your family and friends?  You’d never be able to see them again.”
“Family?  What family?  My father died several years ago and my mother made her choice when she chose her lover over her twelve-year-old son.  You’re not hellish.  I know what vampire means, but you’re proof that there’s more to it than the blood sucking murdering monster . . . If you do not do this, how are you going to get me out of here eh?  They’ll turn me into one anyway and without the memory of what we had.”
His pleading eyes are hard to resist and his argument is watertight.  I cannot find a way out with him still human and one way or another he is fated to end up a vampire.  It is best that he keeps his humanity.  Time is draining rapidly away and I need to think this through.  
“Okay, okay,” I concede.  “Right, well I’ve never actually turned anyone before, but I guess there’s a first for everything.  So . . . first, you should know what the process entails before I begin so you can prepare yourself.  Okay, so, I’m going to drain you of your blood to the point of death.”  I swallow the conflicting pain and thirst at the thought of it.  “I will release my venom which will spread through you healing your human weaknesses.  I will then bite my wrist and you must drink.  The vampire blood works with the venom to transform you into the supernatural.  Strength will follow once you drink human blood, completing the process.”
Conlan nods.  “So you’ve not done this before?”
“No, you’re my first.”  I give him a crooked smile
 “How long will it take?  You said we don’t have much time.”
“It won’t take too long, the venom spreads quickly although the vampire blood takes longer, but by this point you will be well into the transformation process and they will be unable to reverse it.  Once they realise you are already transforming they will give you the human blood themselves.  They won’t want to waste your talent.”
“Won’t they try and wipe my memory then.”
“No, it is impossible to remove your memory by their methods once you are vampire.”
“B-B-But how will I know how to use this-this thing I’ve got?”
“Trust me, it’ll be instinctive.  Especially in such a stressful situation. . . .  Right,” I sigh, uncomfortable with putting him through the pain.  “We need to begin.  Be prepared, the venom will burn like fire and stab as if a thousand knives are ramming into you.  You need to brace yourself for that degree of pain.  You cannot scream out or they will discover us.  The vampire blood should quickly soothe much of the pain, but this is not gonna be easy.  But listen, when Adam reopens the door me you must hide your face or he will be able to see what I’ve done.  I am sorry that you are gonna have to go through most of this alone.  Are you sure you want this?”
Conlan gulps down his fear and nods.  
I lean forward and plant a tender kiss against his pursed mouth and within moments it grows heated, encouraging his heart to pump the blood faster.  My lips creep along his cheek and neck caressing his skin until I pierce his neck and quench my building thirst with his blood.  It slides down my throat like creamy silk and I fight against the ensuing frenzy urging me to drink him dry.  His heart slows and he falls limp in my arms as he approaches the point of death.  The thought of him dying breaks me free of the frenzy and I release my venom into his weak blood stream.  Conlan convulses and bucks in response.  He grunts but manages to mute his screams.  I hold on to him as tightly as I can, watching the venom work through his body, tightening his skin, smoothing out his face, subtly changing it and wiping out all his human flaws.  Before he slips into unconsciousness again, I bite open my wrist and drip my blood into his mouth.  It awakens his terrified eyes, which fix onto mine as he suckles until he slips under the grip of the transformation and his body stills.  I arrange him to look as if he is sat huddled over his knees and whisper that I love him.  Conscious the door will reopen soon, I extinguish the lantern and stand in front of the door, hoping to obscure much of the view of my sleeping Conlan. 
* * * *
 “Are we over it now?  Can we move on?”  Adam presses, agitated by my silence.
“Yes Adam.  He said he won’t forgive me for what I’ve done to his life.”  I push past Adam dramatically and hear the door reseal. 
“Yes well, in the next couple of hours he won’t remember anyway so there’s no point dwelling on it, my sweet.”  Adam’s tone is curt.
 “Do I really have to stay confined to my apartment?  He’ll be cleansed any moment.” 
“Your confinement is for your safety and you can blame your reckless brother for that.  Look I’m training tomorrow, so we’ll see about you accompanying me then, how about that?”  
I shrug my shoulders.
“I’m sorry but I’ll have to leave you to amuse yourself for a while, I have duties I need to assign, I’ll come and see you later and we can talk about the arrangements for our forthcoming espousal.  In the meantime why don’t you distract yourself with that report I’ve asked for?”  Adam suggests, trying too hard to ignore what is really going on with us.
It is a relief to know that Adam has priorities other than babysitting me especially whilst thoughts of Conlan suffering alone and my fear for what will happen when Adam finds out weigh on my mind.
“Take her back to her apartment and see that she remains there.  Visitors are not permitted.”  Adam instructs two waiting guards.
* * * *
Back at my apartment, I collapse onto the bed into a messy sob.  Adam’s gift glares at me from the adjacent pillow.  I cannot bring myself to touch it, let alone open it.  Everything in my life seems in such disarray.  I care for Adam and owe him so much yet I betrayed him with Conlan and I hate myself for that.  I indulged in selfish desires at great expense to everyone I care about.  Yet now that I have promised myself to Adam, I am betraying Conlan.
A while later, a commotion outside my door disturbs my wallowing.  I rush over to listen. 
“Daisy?  Daisy let me in.”  Conlan urges from the other side.
“Conlan?  What are you doing up here?  You need to get out of here.”  I plead through the door.  I know that if I see him, I will cave in.
“Daisy this Emotional Control thingy I have.  It is far more powerful than I could have imagined.  You should see what I’ve been able to do.”  The door slides open and Conlan grabs my arm.  “I used it on the guards.  Come-on let’s go.  Quick.”  The excitement and adventure has empowered him with fantastical thoughts of rescuing me but I am about to dampen that.
“No, no Conlan.  I can’t leave.”  I refuse and back away despite my desire to squeeze against him and never let go again.
“Of course you can.  I’ll get you out of here and we’ll go and find David.”  A frown starts to furrow on his forehead.
Slowly and reluctantly, I shake my head and fight against my tears.  “No you don’t understand.  I can’t leave I have to stay here with Adam.”
“No, no you don’t.  We can get out of here.  I can do it.  I love you.  I need you.  Come-on.”  His excitement turns to panic.  “There’s not much time.  I’m not sure how long they stay like that.”  He gestures towards the catatonic guards.
“I love you too, but I can’t run.  It would break Adam’s heart. . .”
Conlan’s eyes glaze into Emerald glass.  “That monster?  I doubt he has a heart, but you’ll break mine if you don’t hurry up and come with me.” 
“Please listen to me, don’t make this harder for me than it already is.  I am doing this to protect you and David.  I told you Adam’s a complex guy, if I break his heart, he will seek the most painful revenge.  This isn’t like humans, he’s not a jealous ex who will rant or smash up a car, he can inflict real eternal pain.  I couldn’t live with that.  I love you and David too much.” 
Conlan shakes me as if he is trying to wake me up.  “No Daisy!  This is ridiculous.  David can take care of himself and I’m sure I can handle that monster with this skill of mine.”  New waves of emotion ooze out of him, but they have little effect on me in the way I expected.
“You don’t yet know what it is to be a vampire.  Adam didn’t survive every battle during the blood wars only to be taken out by my brother.  He is vicious and unrelenting.  Torture is his speciality.  He’s a highly skilled and a very old vampire.  I know what I am talking about.  Please just go.  David will need you, go to him so that you don’t have to deal with this alone.”  I surrender to my tears unable to fight back the emotion pouring out of me. 
  “I need you Daisy.”  He whispers, falling back against the door in defeat.  “What was the point in turning me if you didn’t want us to be together?  It would have been fairer to let them do what they were going to do.  Am I not enough for you?  Did the past eight weeks mean nothing or is he what you really want?”
“No he’s not who I really want, Conlan.  The past eight weeks were wonderful the best I can remember.  I never wanted that time to end and I have never loved anyone more than I love you right now.  Oh Conlan you are such an incredibly brave and passionate . . .” I cling to his arms, but he scoffs and his shoulders stiffen.  “. . .  And now you’re here, risking your own chance of freedom for me.  You are so much more than I deserve.”  I wish he could understand.
“If you mean that,” He examines me.  “Then, leave with me now.”  
He doesn’t understand, he cannot see that we are doomed.  It is all too black and white for him.  His arms pull me in against him and I notice his scent has altered and his cool skin has lost its human warmth.  For a moment, time stands still and I am considering whether to leave with him and take our chances.  Conlan takes my face in his hands and kisses me firmly with an undercurrent of anguish.  “I need you Daisy.  I am a vampire; I don’t really understand what that means and what to do?  All I know is from stupid books and films and I don’t even know if half that stuff is true.” 
My heart thuds, desperate to be with him but this time I can’t be selfish.  I swallow hard so that I can speak.  “David will explain it all to you.  Find him and he will help you.”  I am sure I can feel his heart breaking.
Conlan’s arms drop to his side and he shakes his head in disbelief.  The excitement and adventure are long gone.  “Daisy I let you in.  You are the only woman I have trusted enough to fall for.  Don’t do this to me.  I’ll never be able to forgive you if you break my heart.  The pain will be too great.  This is your last chance to choose me.”  His pain thumps inside my chest.
“It’s not a question of choice between you and him.  It is a choice to keep you and David safe.  You can’t begin to comprehend how dangerous Adam can be.  You and David are my world and I have to protect you.”  I whisper breathlessly as if saying the words any louder would cause even more pain.
Conlan doesn’t reply or plead any further.  The hurt burning in his eyes screams what he can’t say.  He just shakes his head and disappears down the corridor without another word whilst I slide down the wall into a heap on the floor.  I desperately want to follow him and live the rest of eternity with him, but the stakes are just too high.   
* * * *
 “Daisy?”  Adam calls from the other side of the door waking me from my state of mental torpor.
I clear my throat and climb to my feet, straightening my clothes.  “Yes Adam?”
“I’m all done, my sweet.”  He strides through the door.  “What are you doing there?”  He frowns but doesn’t wait for an answer.  “If you’d like some company and a change of scenery, we can spend what’s left of the night at mine?” 
Still distracted by what has just happened, I peer around him, expecting to see the guards in a heap or perhaps removed completely, instead they stand at their stations, apparently oblivious to it all.  
“Daisy?  What is the matter with you, are you listening to me?”
“Mmhmm.”  Emotion forces its way up my throat, one complete word and I fear it will spill out into a mess.
“Great.”  Adam takes my response as agreement and forges on through into the bedroom.  Although I follow him, I can only numbly watch as he opens my drawers, selects items he thinks I need and shoves them in to a bag.  
It is only after he has packed my bag that he notices his unopened gift.  “Why haven’t you opened your present, my sweet?”  
“A gift is a celebration and right now I didn’t feel I have anything to celebrate.  My brother is on the most wanted list and I’m caged like an animal.”  I snap harshly.
“Now, now, don’t be so dramatic.  Your lock down is only temporary and it is for your own safety,” Adam leaps over the bed pulls me into his arms.  “I promise to do everything in my power to make you happy.  Haven’t I already proved that by allowing you some time with the EC?”   
The weight of emotion bubbling inside me is draining and I am losing the strength to suppress it.  I am certain Adam can read the depth of betrayal in my face.  Half of me wants to push him off and run as far away from him as I can and the other half of me wants to cling to him for dear life.   
“I’ve missed you enormously.  You were away too long.  Once we are tied things will be different . . . I do understand the significant impact this assignment has had on you and with David running around recklessly it’s pushed you into a state of turmoil, but the Elder is extremely pleased with the acquisition of an EC and that will help us in the long run.” 
Oh god, this will not end well when he discovers Conlan’s escaped.  Taking a deep breath, I lie through clenched teeth and tell him that I have missed him too.  “I wish we could go back to before the assignment and before David ran away.  Life was simpler.”  I add more honestly.
Cool kisses from Adam litter my neck, a sensation I used to enjoy, but it feels strange and wrong now. 
“Sir.”  A guard shouts and bangs their fist against my door.
Irritated by the interruption Adam orders them to come back later.
 “Sir.  The Elder wants to see you both, now.”  The guard insists.
Adam’s scarred face crumples into a mix of confusion and concern.  




Chapter 7: Trapped

Amidst our descent to the boardroom Adam’s hand has remained firmly clasped around mine, a somewhat rare public display of his feelings for me in front of our escort.  Adam is usually meticulously discreet about us being more than just FVC and Talent Scout, and I guess this small intimate gesture exposes the depth of concern he has for what might be about to happen.
 “Listen to me,” Adam whispers as we approach the heavy oak doors.  “When we enter the room, I will address the Elder.  You will stay by the door, out of the way and pray that I can sort out whatever has got him pent up.”  
This time I do not argue with his instruction, I just nod obediently.
There are seven elders in total across the world, fabled to be the seven sons of Lilith herself and as old as time.  It is said that they are pure diabolus, evil atrocities who are Lilith’s curse on the human race.  Unable to procreate, the Elders cannot reproduce pure bloods, but they can inject their venomous curse on humans to create hybrids, or Vampires, as we have been known for the last three hundred years or so.  In our hierarchical culture, to have an Elder as your progenitor with their pure blood in your veins is a rare and great honour that binds you to them for eternity.  I have never met such a vampire or an Elder for that matter and as our bloodlines dilute further as hybrids create more hybrids and the Elders become ever more selective in their choice of progeny it is unlikely that I ever will.  The Elder of our territory has forbidden any creations outside of his clinical transformation procedure, although across the world, different edicts exist.
 Adam receives regular audiences with our Elder due to his iniquitous service during the blood wars, which won him favour.  Over the years, Adam has told me tales of the Elder’s delight in tortuous cruelty for those who cross him or break his laws and in the past, he has described to me the hideous tools the Elder uses to ensure fallen vampires experience the height of suffering before he sends them into hell.  This does not bode well for us.
 I take a deep breath to calm my nerves.  The domed ceiling inside the boardroom houses a magnificent crystal chandelier that illuminates the centre of the room and casts dark shadows across the stone walls, which thankfully affords me a hiding space near the door.  The Elder sits nonchalantly in the only chair at the heavy circular glass table beneath the Chandelier.  I say chair, but that is an understatement, it is more akin to an iron throne.  He is dressed immaculately in a blue chequered shirt, sleeves rolled up his forearms with a rich burgundy tie tucked into a navy twill waistcoat.  His golden hair is gelled and parted to the side providing a gilded frame for his exquisitely flawless face and his mere presence makes my legs shake.
“Enter.”  The Elder commands in a honeyed tone when he notices Adam stood by the door, blocking any view of me.
Adam strides across the room without fear, full of unreserved confidence and halts when he reaches the Elder.  He clasps his hands behind his back like a soldier and nods his head.  Whilst I hide within the shadows, I watch the Elder stand up from his iron throne and stroll purposely at a measured pace around the table towards Adam.  Adam bows his head again and the Elder perches on the edge of the table.  Meanwhile, I hold my breath and tense the muscles in my legs to stop them from shaking.  The Elder takes several seconds to eye Adam from the ground up, eventually settling his glaring eyes onto Adam’s face.  Adam remains stoical, neither flinching nor allowing any emotion to slip from beneath his mask of confidence.
“What the hell has been going on?”  The Elder bellows abruptly.
 “I’m not sure I understand to what you are referring, my Lord.”  Adam answers in an even and respectful tone despite the fierce fury thundering across the Elder’s face.
“No?  So not only has the fucking EC escaped, but you are completely fucking oblivious to the fact.  Well that is just great isn’t it?  Have you lost the fucking plot?”  The Elder is in Adam’s face, spitting his words with disgust.  “It appears he was turned before transformation, before the fucking cleansing whilst in your charge!”  In a blur the Elder’s hand whips across Adam’s face sending his head twisting to the side, but again, Adam manages to maintain his composure, except for a brief disappointed glance in my direction.  
Shame and guilt churns in my gut.
“My Lord, I was not aware—”
“—NO!  That, my incompetent FVC, is evident.  I expect more from you . . . And where is that little scout?  I ordered you both here.”  
This is not fair; Adam has done nothing wrong except pander to me.  I have used him and I cannot stand here and allow him to take the punishment for my actions.   
I can do this, I can do this.  I just need to overcome my fear.  Albeit hesitantly, my feet obey and shuffle awkwardly, I force them forward, trying to mirror Adam’s confident stride, even though my stomach is flipping in terror with each step.  
“My Lord—” Adam begins to respond to the accusations.
Just as I need to speak, my mouth decides to dry up.  “—_ was me.  I turned th_ EC.”  I croak, emerging from the safety of my shadowy hiding place.  I did hope my confession would sound a little more impressive than that.
The Elder twists and glares at me and then back at Adam whose eyes scream in protest.  The penny has dropped and the Elder looks as if he has derived a conclusion.  
So she is the Talent Scout.  He thinks to himself and for some reason I can hear this.
Yes, this is my fault not his.  I reply, testing my own thoughts whilst Adam freezes.  He gawps back and forth between the Elder and me, in horror.
Ah, so you can hear me.  The Elder smiles nefariously giving my knees reason shake again.
I can sometimes hear telepaths, no one else.  I explain with my own thoughts again, knowing my voice would break. 
“My Lord, It’s not her fault.  Daisy has been under the EC’s influence for an insurmountable period of time.”  Adam’s interruption is urgent and strained, but he keeps up the pretence of respect by bowing his head whilst managing to slip a sideways glare at me to ensure I substantiate his mitigation.
After clearing my throat, I corroborate.  “Er, yes, er m’Lord, I did spend many weeks building a bond and gathering evidence.  I didn’t realise I’d fallen under his control, until it was too late.”  
“Daisy?  Da-isy.  That is a familiar name to me. . .  Now isn’t this who you want affirming to Sir Beaumont?”  
“Yes my Lord.”  Adam bows his head again.  “She’s been my Talent Scout for many years now and we have grown close.”
“—But she is the sister of the vampire at the head of the Brotherhood Alliance?”
“Yes, but as I’ve advised you before, up until she returned with the EC, she had no knowledge of his treachery.  Her brother has protected her from his illegal activity and we have no reason to question her loyalty to us.”  
“Interesting.  What talents do you possess Daisy?”
“Erm.  .  .Well . . . none per say, I can hear telepaths and I am an excellent scout.”  I pray my justification is enough knowing that the Elder only has interest in vampires who are of value.
The Elder appraises me one more time before beckoning me closer.  The glow of the Chandelier highlights his exceptional level of Grecian beauty and I am almost hypnotised by him; my shoulders relax and the tension tying knots in my stomach unravels.  As I gaze up at him, his blond hair shimmers like spun gold and his icy blue eyes hover over every inch of me.  It is a peculiar sensation, as if he were caressing the skin beneath my clothes.  I feel aroused and dizzy and the reason why I am stood here is disappearing from my mind.  The Elder is aware of what he is doing to me and this appears to please him; his mouth curls up into a smile and his snow kissed fingers reach out and trail through my hair.
 “Ah, such lustrous raven hair.”  He muses before removing his gaze and evaporating the peculiar sensation.  “Guard.”  He commands.  “Take this Talent Scout back to her apartment.  I wish to speak to Sir Beaumont alone.  She is not to leave unless I give the order.”  
The guard standing at the door nods in acknowledgement and waits for me to join him.  The tension and fear return.  A final worried glance at Adam finds him standing with drooped shoulders and defeat written all over him.  He meets my eyes and nods in a way that tells me I should leave and not worry about him, but I can’t help it and I don’t want to leave him when I know this is all my fault.
“Madam?”  The Guard politely ushers me along.  
* * * *
Since returning from the boardroom, I have been moping about sitting on the windowsill and staring out into the outside world longing to be anywhere else.  I have even tried praying to whoever might listen to a being like me that no harm will come to Adam because of my selfish actions.  I have created a mess of everything and all our lives have changed forever because of me.  An unshakeable dull ache of loss lingers inside me.  I miss Conlan; his scent, his warm skin, his adoring gaze; the very human life we lived for a few short weeks and I hope he will eventually understand my decisions and forgive me, but I’m probably about to meet my end and I’ll never know whether he did.  
Several hours have passed, yet it feels like moments and now the Elder’s guard has returned to collect me and take me back to the boardroom to receive my fate.  
Guards are usually vampires whose expected special talents failed to emerge after the completion of the transformation process.  They are the lowest caste in the FVOL society, trained as bodyguards to defend and take orders.  They are nothing more than immortal robots.    
The trek back to the boardroom is sobering and I pray for the mercy of a quick death.  At the same time, I am wondering if my brother will sense that I have gone from this world and be able to forgive me for my decisions.  These morose thoughts are encouraging tears to flood my eyes and each time I blink, I lose another tear.  The accompanying guard glances at me, he notices my moist cheeks and eyes, yet he says nothing and continues robotically in silence, leading me to my death.
The Guard throws open the boardroom doors and announces my arrival.  Adam has gone and the Elder is resting on the edge of the enormous table in an inviting and casual manner.
“Daisy, come in, come in.  Don’t be frightened.”  His invitation slips like silk off his tongue.
I wipe away my tears with the sleeve of my jumper and forge forward.  “I’m not.”  I reply confidently, moving purposefully this time across the room towards him.
“That’s right.  Fearless Daisy.  I hear you are a mistress of most vampire disciplines,” He notes, smiling fiendishly.  “ . . .  Despite your apparent lack of talent.”
“Where’s Adam?”  I demand. 
Seemingly amused by my insolence, the Elder chuckles, “He’s been sent to find the EC he lost—”
“It wasn’t his fault.  He didn’t lose him—” Hunters find people, not FVC’s.  A humiliating punishment, but not a cruel one.  It doesn’t quite add up.
“—No?  He just broke several security rules to allow you the opportunity to be alone with one of the most valuable pre-vampires the FVOL have been in possession of.  No, Sir Beaumont did absolutely nothing wrong did he?”
“No, it was my fault, I manipulated Adam.  He’s an excellent FVC and he doesn’t deserve to be punished, please, please don’t punish him because of me.” 
“Sir Adam Beaumont?  Manipulated?”  The Elder laughs at my appraisal and shakes his head.  “I admire your loyalty to him.  Then again, he did save your life did he not?  Such a tiny insignificant talentless vampire . . .  Sir Beaumont should have destroyed you.”  His wicked eyes narrow and my knees shake again.  “Perhaps your beauty enchanted him and he wanted you all to himself.  He’s certainly kept you well hidden all these years and I must say I find that fact intriguing.”  He pauses and folds his arms across his chest.  “So is that why you want to be affirmed to him, out of loyalty?”
 “Er . .  .  Er, Adam’s good to me.  Er . . .he’s kind and . . .and he loves me.”  The words tumble out but are lacking in warmth and sincerity.   
 “Hmmm. Interesting.  Sir Beaumont –love?  Kindness?  He is one of the cruellest vampires I’ve enjoyed the company of.”  The Elder circles me, chuckling to himself.  “Do you know who I am?”  
“Of course, you’re our Elder, My Lord.”  
“Yes, one of the seven Elders of your race.  My given name is Acheron.  Please call me by that name from now on.”  The Elder perches back down on the edge of the table.  “Hmm. . .  Sir Beaumont’s decision to keep you here for your own protection was a wise one.  I revoke any permission for you to carry out talent assignments for the time being.  I also revoke his personal responsibility for you.  Your . . . professional relationship is obviously compromised and due to his immediate absence whilst he’s searching for the EC he carelessly misplaced, he is in no position to be in charge of your safety—”
“B-b-but—” I interrupt, forgetting myself.
“Small doses of your insolence can be charming Daisy, but if you persist with it, I will rapidly lose my patience and forgiving mood.”  The Elder hisses unpropitiously.  “You will be placed under my personal protection.”
“P-p-please, sir-I-mean-Acheron what will happen to Adam?”  My voice barely rises above a whisper. 
Acheron’s icy blue eyes narrow again.  “We will see how successful he is at bringing back the EC.  He has seven days.  A generous amount of time I think.  His welfare is not your concern.  You will be given quarters within my suite for the time being.”
“I don’t understand.  I appreciate your leniency, I-I just don’t understand why?”    
“My reputation precedes me?  . . . .  You said it yourself, the EC used his gift to manipulate you and unfortunately, you do not possess any talents to defend yourself.  Sir Beaumont on the other hand is an experienced FVC and should have known exactly what to do to protect you, but failed in his duty to you and the FVOL.  So how can you be at fault?  In fact, you are the only Scout in a century to bring back an EC successfully, which makes you very important to me.  Moreover, unfortunately, thanks to your brother’s mutiny, your life is now at risk.
 “Sir Beaumont has afforded me many years of first rate service so I have allowed him the opportunity to redeem himself, but the clock is ticking and if he fails he will be dealt with in a manner in which I see fit.  In respect to your proposed union with Sir Beaumont, I’m afraid I can’t possibly agree to that.  He has disgraced himself after all.”  Acheron pauses.  His expression breaks into a striking smile loaded with charm as he places his arm around my shoulders.  “I’ll give you a few moments to gather any essentials and then my guard will escort you to your new quarters.”
* * * *
Living under Acheron’s protection has rapidly dissolved into a bland routine of monotony.  I am little more than a captive pet and the lack of distraction only amplifies my guilt.  I hate being caged up.  With Adam gone and unlikely to return now that his deadline has passed without any word from him, my loyalty is evaporating with each passing night.  Acheron’s suffocating presence never lets up.  He watches over me the way a mother guards her newborn child.  I hate to admit to it, but there are occasions when I find Acheron almost addictively hypnotic; he overwhelms me with his gaze and tone of voice, as he did in the boardroom.  He manages to stir up these unwanted desires that I am terrified of giving in to.  
Yet, as the days bleed into weeks, Acheron’s restrictions do relax to some degree.  He has started making allowances for me to visit the training levels, accompanied by a heavily guarded escort of course, and since those excursions have ran without any hitches, Acheron’s trust in me is growing.  Over the last few nights, he has even left me alone in my room for a few hours whilst he attends to FVoL business.  However, even within the estate perimeters, outside remains strictly forbidden to me.
* * * *
 “Daisy?  Daisy?  Come with me now.”  Acheron breezes through leaving his commanding voice echoing through his quarters.
 “Where we going, My Lord?”  I question, following him into his private lift.
“The boardroom.”  Acheron’s reply is curt and he stands rigidly in the descending lift.
I look him over, wanting to read him.  He is dressed immaculately in a tailored navy suit, flawlessly handsome.  In contrast, after returning from several hours in combat training, I stand next to him considerably shorter, dressed in a crop top and leggings with my hair tied up messily in a long ponytail.  On the other side of me, his enormous bodyguard stands dressed in black as rigid as Acheron.  
The doors soon slide open to reveal we have arrived behind Acheron’s iron chair with Two FVCs sitting at the table on either side of Acheron’s throne.  Acheron glides forward with the air of a powerful king and the FVCs leap to their feet and bow their heads.  Acheron’s bodyguard taps me on the shoulder and gestures for me to follow.  I obey, but shuffle nervously, aware of the strange atmosphere in the room.
“Daisy, sit next to me.”  Acheron pats the table and his bodyguard pulls the chair out for me.
I slide into the seat as silently as possible and push stray hairs behind my ears in attempt to tidy my appearance whilst the FVCs return to their chairs.
Acheron leans towards me and whispers.  “This is Samuel Gray, FVC for the Southern Lands and Charles Leicester, FVC for the Western Lands.”  He straightens up in his Chair and barks, “Guard bring him in.”  
A vampire I do not recognise falls into the room in an already alarmingly dishevelled state.
“My Lord, if I may address you?”  Samuel, the FVC of the Northern Lands begins.  Acheron nods for him to continue.  “This is the rogue vampire I captured lurking in my region.  He was once one of my Hunters.  I have interrogated him but he is stubborn and has maintained his silence.”     
Acheron rises to his feet, giving off a contemplative aura with his hands thrust into the pockets of his trousers.  All the eyes in the room follow him as he strolls around the table and perches on the edge in front of the dishevelled vampire, blocking most of my view, although I can just about see around him if I lean.  The vampire pulls himself to his feet.  At first, he glares at Acheron and then he peers past him and stares hard at me.
 “Your brother needs you!  You need to join forces before it’s too late!”  He shouts urgently.
I frown trying to understand the meaning in his outburst.  However, before I can even repeat his words in my head, Acheron strikes him across the face and knocks the poor man off his feet.  
“Do not address anyone in this room unless you are commanded to do so.”  Acheron’s tone is chilling and I am certain his expression is equally fierce and demonic.  “Tell me your name?”  
“Xavier.”  The broken vampire hisses.
“What do you know about the Brotherhood Alliance?”
Xavier shakes his head.
“You know who she is?”  Acheron points in my direction.
Xavier doesn’t respond.
“You know who her brother is?”  Acheron growls.
Again, Xavier doesn’t so much as blink.
“Hm.  Boris, pass me my gloves.  I don’t think Daisy has the stomach for the silver cage.”  Acheron twists around to show me his wry smile.
Terror floods through me.  My gaze leaves Acheron and follows Boris, Acheron’s bodyguard, who obediently marches towards the back of the room into the shadows.  He presses a code into a touch pad that opens a concealed compartment within the wall.  Boris reaches inside, lifts out a gilded antique gold box, and carries it over to Acheron with as much care and ceremony as if it were the crown jewels.  
“W-w-what are you going to do?”  I question.
Acheron says nothing and opens the gold box carefully.  I stretch out of my seat and crane my neck to see what is inside.  In my gut, I know it is bad whatever it is.  Acheron glances back at me and smiles again as he reaches inside and pulls out a pair of thick black leather gloves.  Laboriously he lays them out onto the table and slips his hands in.  After what seems like minutes, Acheron holds his hands up to me and reveals palms laced with silver like a spiders web and it is suddenly clear why he has been so careful.
 “Now Xavier shall we try that again?  Let us start at the very top.  Where is your leader?”
Once again, Xavier shakes his head defiantly.  
A guard steps forward and rips the bloodied t-shirt from Xavier’s body before forcing him to the floor.  Acheron squats down beside Xavier and places his gloved hand on his shoulder.  Xavier’s groan echoes around the room and the stench of his burning flesh rapidly floods my nose.  I cup my hand over my nose to prevent myself from inhaling the foul odour and urgently look to the left and right of me at the two FVCs for an acknowledgement of the horror, hoping for their intervention; instead, they sit smiling, instinctively lusting for more torture.
 “Never . . . will-I-tell-you . . .  anything.”  Xavier strains to speak under the tortuous pain.
I spring to my feet.  “Acheron, please.”  I protest.
“SIT.  DOWN!”  He bellows with furious acerbity.
My knees react and a lump of terror blocks my throat.
Acheron seizes Xavier’s arm and begins to twist it, tearing it from its socket whilst Xavier cries out in pain.  
“N-o.  Stop!”  I croak.
Acheron glares at me.  Interrupt one more time and I will brand you with this fucking glove.  He threatens with his thoughts.  Boris’s heavy hands land on my shoulders and they press me into the chair.
Acheron returns his attention to Xavier and waves the redundant arm about like a teachers cane, splattering Xavier and the floor with droplets of blood.  “Are you willing to die to protect him?”  
Xavier finds strength to straighten up and nods his head in proud defiance.  Fury surrounds Acheron like a cloud, it emanates from him filling the room.  He grabs Xavier’s chin with his gloved hand and squeezes, melting away the skin and bone.  
“Fine, have it your way,” He sighs in a terrifyingly calm voice.  
Energy suddenly pulses through me.  “Stop this.”  I scream and Acheron releases Xavier for a moment and stumbles back against the table.  
Everybody gasps, but within a split second, Acheron flies at Xavier and squeezes his neck in his hands.  His psychotic expression alters his beauty whilst beneath his fingers Xavier’s skin and bone erodes to dust ending his immortality.  The repulsive stench of burning flesh fills the room and I want to flee but Boris’s hands hold me firmly in place.  
 “Leicester, Gray.  Leave us now.  We’ll conclude our business later.”  Acheron’s commanding tone growls with irritation.  The FVCs rise from their seats and leave the room sending a breeze swirling around me.  “Clear this up.”  Acheron orders the guard at the door.  “Then leave us.”
The guard gathers up Xavier’s remains and shuffles out of the room.  Boris removes his hands from my shoulder and returns to the lift, leaving me alone with the Elder I have enraged.
“How dare you disrespect me like that in front of FVCs when I gave you your life.  I command you.  I should crush you in my hands until all that is left is dust.”  Acheron rants and thumps his gloved fist on the table.  I clamber to my feet and back away searching for an escape route.  Yet Acheron appears unconcerned, instead he quietly removes the gloves and places them into the gold box.  Then within a flash, without any opportunity to defend, he slams me into the table, splaying me out on my back.  Acheron straddles me and pins my arms with the force of a ten-ton truck.  
 “I am not afraid to die.”  I defy, but my tears betray me.
Acheron’s furious expression dissolves into a broad smile.  He leans in closer until his velvet skin brushes my ear.  “Oh my dear, your courage both infuriates and astounds me.  No wonder Beaumont hid you from me.”  Acheron returns to his feet in one fluid movement and bursts into raucous laughter.  “Come here”.  
Acheron pulls me up into his arms and a strange sensation, like a magnet binds us.  He cups my head in his hands lifting my gaze to his eyes and sighs.  “You are special.”  He whispers, sending his breath drifting across my mouth and along my neck as if it were his lips.  Encompassed by this invisible touch, unintentionally my breath grows heavy and a reluctant moan slips out; I despise him yet I absorb him like a drug, like blood.  How do you do that?
“I’m an elder.”  His replies with a coating of honey.
“I know you’re reputation . . . I’ve broken your rules and disrespected you . . . I’ve witnessed your retribution.  I know you do not suffer insolence or treachery.  Are you leading me into a false sense of security?  Is that part of your game of torture?”
“Yes I do rather have a fiendish reputation don’t I?  Hmm Let’s see . . . Doesn’t Sir Beaumont have a similar reputation?  And was he not captivated by your charm?  Is it so difficult for you to believe the same of me?”
“Adam is different.  You’re an Elder.”
“Okay, okay.  Perhaps I should come clean then.  You see . . . you are . . . Special.  More so than any Elite I have ever had in my command.  Although bizarrely you seem to be completely unaware that you are—”
“Special?”  
“My dear innocent beauty.”  Acheron sighs and shakes his head.  “What did you do to yourself?”
“Nothing!”  I snap defensively.
 “Come sit down.”  He suggests and returns to his iron throne.  I follow his lead cautiously and return to my seat next to him.  “Let me tell you something . . . When I spoke with Beaumont I asked him why he’d saved the life of a small apparently weak vampire with no talents to speak of, when it was expressly against my orders.”  Acheron leans closer in my direction.  “Beautiful though you are, I could not believe that, that alone would melt the stone heart of Sir Adam Beaumont, my fiercest warrior.”
“Wh-what did he tell you?”  My voice whimpers against my request.
“What do you remember Daisy?  What happened when he forced his way on to your land a century ago?”
My memories escape me, flashes of training with Adam appear, images of intimacy with Adam, and vague hints of David in various locations, but my recollections are unclear.  “I-I-can’t.”  
“Hmm.  Well, he told me that he found you and your brother hiding in a barn.  At first, your brother attacked him with an axe, although of course this was no challenge for Beaumont who quickly relieved your brother of his weapon.  Beaumont was about to relieve him of his head when you burst out of the hay and stopped him . . . and when I say stopped him, I mean that you . . . froze him.”
“What?  What do you mean froze?”
“You possess a great deal of power Daisy, beyond the supernatural power that a gifted vampire has.  What I found particularly peculiar though is that Adam told me that as soon as you released him, you seemed unconscious of your protective action and not only that, but you sensed you could trust him, this man that almost killed your brother.  You even encouraged your brother to surrender willingly too.
“I must have sensed it.  I have always had a sense of someone’s true nature, like an intuition.  I think that’s why Adam picked me to be a Talent Scout.”  I am mumbling more to myself than to Acheron, trying to fathom all this out.
“Yes that appears to be true.  Beaumont told me that initially he intended to bring you to me, however en route you somehow melted that black frozen heart of his and he chose to hide you from me instead.  A Talent Scout was a wise choice, keeps you off the estate, and Beaumont knows I have little interest in the Talent Scouts per say.  It also kept you close to him and he could control every aspect of your life.”  Acheron chuckles to himself.
“I . . . I-I don’t understand.  I don’t have any power.”  The confusion is starting to give me a headache.
“Oh yes you do.  Earlier you pulled me away from Xavier?”  Acheron leans forward staring at me for an acknowledgement, but I frown unsure of what he’s referring to.  “You screamed for me to stop.  I stumbled backwards.  That was your energy pulling me away from him.  For some reason you seem to use it unconsciously.  Times of stress or threat appear to purge it.”  He smiles thinly, still examining me.
I remember the energy swelling, but I had no control of it.  Yet if what Acheron insists is true, it means Adam has been lying to me.  I saved my brother.  Adam would have killed him.  He would have killed me.  A sudden feeling of stupidity and loneliness overwhelms me.  “I thought Adam saved me and my brother.”  I mumble.
“That’s what he wanted you to believe.  He wanted to keep you.  If you knew the truth, would you have led this life?  I think not.  For whatever reason, you refuse to acknowledge your power . . . And then there is your brother, who also intrigues me.  You are twins are you not?  I am certain he has potential of his own too.  However, in his regard Beaumont remains in the dark.  One thing for certain is that your brother is causing me a lot of trouble.”
“He should’ve been honest with me.”  I mumble.
Acheron shakes his head.  “For a three hundred year old vampire you are surprisingly naive and dare I say human in your logic.  What really fascinates me is that you have not joined your brother in his rebellion.  Why is that Daisy?”
“I . . . I didn’t know at first, I just thought he was on the run and I didn’t want that and then Adam said it would help David if I found an EC . . . And-and when I found out the truth, it was all so complicated.  I thought I owed it to Adam . . . you know to stay?  And I feared what he would do to David if I did leave and there was Conlan and it was like I was trapped.”  My words are drowning in the tears streaming from my eyes. 
“Fear, such a wonderfully powerful deterrent,” Acheron’s tone slips into a hypnotic hum, calming the panic and fear mounting inside me.  “You really don’t know how powerful you are, do you?  . . .  Swear your allegiance to me and I will help you control your power and build its strength . . . and when I round your brother up, I will give you my word that he will receive absolution.  Serve me and I will bring you your heart’s darkest desires.  I’ll even allow you to select Beaumont’s punishment.”  A grin stretches across Acheron’s face.  He is satisfied with his offer.  “I’ll bring back your power and teach you how to use it to the greatest effect.  You’ll become the most powerful vampire; second only to the elders . . . together we could build a magnificent empire far beyond our territory.”
Speech evades me.  Escape is the only hidden thought on my mind.




Chapter 8: Allegiances

Acheron ordered Boris to take me back to my quarters whilst he engaged with the FVCs in whatever business it was that they had come to discuss.  I don’t completely comprehend what he thinks I am capable of, but whatever it is it makes me extraordinarily valuable to him and it appears that is important for me to accept his terms of my own free will.
As I sit here in my room in front of the moon, a familiar tug disturbs me; David is close, too close, and possibly just outside the gates.  It brings a sudden wave of relief washing through me with thoughts of bursting through the glass and escaping with him.  Ridiculous of course, a leap from one hundred stories high would give the guards ample of time to surround my landing.  My brother is probably performing a recce.  It has been a while since I have sensed him and he vowed to break me out, even if was against my will and meant putting himself in danger of capture.
 Acheron’s promise of David’s absolution when they capture him means one thing; David’s value matches mine, which makes the need to escape even more urgent so that I can protect him.  I am going to have to convince Acheron to allow me outside, even if it is under guard.  I have been training hard over the past few weeks, and the guards won’t cause me any problems.
 “My darling, are you feeling any better?”  Acheron calls.  “Ah ha.  Yes, you look a little less . . . shell-shocked.  Have you fed?”  He beckons his maid forward with a decadent wine decanter half full with blood.  
Acheron’s blood supply is the best thing about being his prisoner.  Despite his own laws against the consumption of human blood, Acheron remains old school and owns several blood slaves.
 “Mmhm.”  I sip the blood from the wine glass, knowing I will need every ounce of strength.  “Erm, actually, I was thinking I could really do with a change of scenery.  It has been a lot to take in, and I have not felt fresh air on my skin for weeks now.  I am certain I would find it refreshing . . . .  And er . . . help me think more clearly about all this.”  
“Fine, I’ll assign a couple of guards to take you to the training quarter.  You seem brighter when you’ve spent some time down there.”  
“No, I mean’t . . . outside?” 
Acheron’s eyes flicker at the moon before he leans forward and whispers close to my ear.  “Mmm . . . Not tonight . . . The forecast is dull at sunrise.  I will permit you one hour outside at sunrise, within the grounds and with a chaperone.  When you return you can officially pledge your allegiance to me.  And then we’ll begin your training programme.” 
.  “Thank you, Acheron.”  One hour is enough.
* * * *
Thunder rumbles around the glass tower forewarning of the imminent rain that waits patiently to fall from the sky and pelt the windows.  The night has stretched on endlessly holding back the sombre dawn, but I glimpse the orange glow behind the clouds rising above the horizon.  Acheron thinks he has been clever, knowing that the sun will rise and burn through the clouds in less than an hour, which insures against me as a flight risk.  However, I know David is close by and he can get me to safety.  
As I pull on my leather jacket, Acheron’s voice drifts in from his quarters.  He is commanding someone to enter.  I glance back at the murky glow; it will not be long now, freedom is a breath away.  
“Hector?”  His name groans in my throat as soon as I glimpse him standing to attention in front of Acheron who sits casually on his antique sofa.
“Ah Daisy, here you are.  Come sit. . . .  Yes.  His FVC informs me he wants to re-ingratiate himself after attempting to poach your EC.  I consider him an ideal chaperone because ambition drives him above all else and that means he will be the perfect escort for you.”  Acheron lowers his voice, and leans into my hair, taking a moment to inhale.  “By that I mean . . . Not easily manipulated by your charms my dear.”  
I sigh and fold my arms morosely, Acheron’s selection chaffs.  Hector is going to be difficult to shake off.  “I just want some fresh air, that’s all.”
“So Hector, if I find a single hair on her head is harmed, I will ensure you spend eternity in the ninth circle.  Do you understand me?”  Acheron warns with chilling vindication.
“Yes my Lord.”  Hector bows his head. 
 “Enjoy your fresh air my dear.  It is time for my rest.  When I awake later we’ll discuss your training.”  Acheron kisses the back of my hand and gestures for us to leave.
I nod and follow Hector out into the hall.
 “Let’s go get wet.”  He smirks.
“Shut-up Hector.  You’re my escort you don’t need to speak to me.”  He irritates me and I need to think.  I need to consider my move carefully.
Hector laughs at me.  “You must be very talented in one area.  First you wrap Adam Beaumont around your finger and now you’ve bewitched the Elder.”
“Say one more word to me and I’ll use my influence to have you decapitated.”  I hiss.  Hector smirks, but it shuts him up and he says nothing else.
As soon as we step outside the damp air fills my lungs whilst the thunder and lightning explode into battle in the sky above us.  I stretch out my arms and twirl around as the raindrops caress my cool skin.  It feels so good to be outside after three months of captivity.  
Hector leans against the wall underneath an umbrella watching me.  I crouch and run my fingers over the wet grass, inhaling the clean natural fragrance.  At the same time, my sense of David is growing stronger; he is close, very close.  I need to contemplate how I can divert Hector for long enough to get to David.  I glance up to the sky.  In the far distance, the sun is already melting away the grey clouds.  I do not have long.  However, while I deliberate, Hector seems to still.  I look over to him intrigued by his inactivity and discover that his eyes are glazing over and his facial muscles are relaxing into a morose expression.  Just as I take a step closer to examine him, an overwhelming wave of David hits me.  
“Daisy move it.  Now!”  David grabs my arm and throws me over his shoulder.  He leaps the twenty-foot wall and sprints towards the storm with the alarm siren fading into the distance.  With me still dangling over his shoulder, he accelerates through the forest twisting and turning until I have lost all my bearings.  Suddenly we drop down into a winding underground passage.  After several more miles, my brother finally pauses to set me down.  The relief is too much and I fling my arms around his neck as tight as I can.
“Hey, hey.  What ‘ave they done to y’?”  David jokes in response to my rare exhibition of neediness.
“Oh David, I’m so sorry.”  I cry.  “I miss you and I need you and I am so, so sorry for everything.”
 “Calm down.  Come-on we need to get further away than this.  The Hunters will be on to us and then we’ll be in trouble.”
“You have no idea.”  I mutter. 
We resurface in the middle of a blanket of fields and run a few more miles to a country lane where a battered off-roader is apparently waiting for us.  David jumps into the driver’s side and starts the engine.
“Where are we going?”  
“A safe house.  Hold on.”
We bounce along the soggy dirt track until we hit a road.  The protective storm clouds have gone, allowing the sun to reign in the sky.  David covers me with several blankets as I crouch in the foot well.  He drives for about half an hour and then stops, bundles me up with the blankets and transfers us into a blacked out BMW four by four complete with a driver and we head towards midday skies into the Southern Lands. 
“Tell me everything.  You look distraught.”  David’s frown exposes his deep concern and he places his arm around me for comfort after I untangle myself from the blankets.
A cry is crawling up my throat, I try to keep it down, but the relief and joy of reuniting with my brother after all this time is fighting to burst out of me.  I have so much to tell him, so much bad news, I don’t know where to begin.  “Oh David, everything is such a mess.”
“Daisy, you’re here now.  That’s what matters.  Us against the world eh?”  David grins, feeling the same joy, ignorant to the extent of the trouble we have left behind that will soon chase us down.
“Have you seen Conlan?”  I croak. 
“Who do you think sorted Hector?” 
“Where is he?  Why didn’t he come with us?”  
“Daisy . . .”   David’s heavy sigh indicates something is not right and he shifts uncomfortably in the seat.  “Conlan has joined the Brotherhood Alliance, bu-ut . . . he’s not quite ready to see . . . you-not yet.  You kinda broke his heart when you refused to leave with him and he’s . . . well, he is struggling with that.  You know what baby vamps are like; their emotions are extreme and all over the place for a while.” 
“B-b-but—.”  I feel the need to explain and defend my decision, but David interrupts.
“Daisy, it’s okay, he told me what happened.  You don’t have to defend yourself to me.  I understand why you did what you did.  I wish you had a little more faith in me, but hey you always do what you believe is right.”
“Well, Conlan doesn’t exactly know everything.  You see, the only way I could get to him before they cleansed him was to make a deal with Adam.”
“What sorta deal?”
“It was a big ask, you know, to get Adam to break all those security rules—“
“—Daisy, what was the deal?”  Fury shadows David’s face and I can feel his anger boiling up.  He is going to explode.
“Well, I well, I er . . . I had-to agree-to affirm my—”
“—Sire to that monster?  For Christ sake Daisy, I told you not to do anything stupid.”  David’s head shakes like a rattle and his nails squeak against the leather seats as he grinds them in to control his anger.
 “It’s okay Acheron refused—” 
“—Acheron?  The Elder?  Why are you on first name terms with the Elder?”
“Well you see—”
“—No wait.  Start from the beginning, from when Conlan left you.  I have a feeling I’m not going to be happy about any of this.”  
 “It’s not as bad as you think, well maybe it is,” Rebellious tears slide down my cheeks.
“I need to know everything.  I need to know what we’re up against.”  Despite his fury, my brother pulls me into a hug.  
“Well . . . Once Conlan’s escape was discovered, Adam and I were summoned to see Acheron,” I notice David tense at the mention of Acheron’s name.  “Adam didn’t understand why we’d both been summoned and obviously I had a pretty good idea, but he tried to protect me and told me to hide in the shadows whilst he dealt with Acheron.  Then Acheron started blaming Adam for Conlan’s escape, and Adam had told me how cruel Acheron could be when vampires failed him and I couldn’t sit there and let him take the blame—”
“—Of course you couldn’t.  That’s your problem Daisy, we all tell you to do things to protect you, but you always know best, you can never listen and do as yer told can you?”  David barks but his protective arms remain in place.
“Adam’s been sent to recover Conlan, but he had a deadline and that’s long past and there’s been no word.  Acheron told me that because I’d found an EC, I was valuable to him and he therefore wanted to protect me whilst this war between him and you played out.  Then last night, Acheron made me watch as he tortured and killed a vampire named Xavier, I think he was one of your men . . .”
“Yes.  .  .Xavier was captured a week ago in the North.  He was putting together a squad, to look at destroying the infrastructure etc.”
“He never said a word; he was incredibly brave and loyal.”
“So go on, carry on, what happened next?”
“Well, when he was . . . torturing Xavier . . . Acheron told me that I made him stumble backwards . . . using my . . . er . . . power?”
David suddenly pushes me away and stares intently at my face, reading my eyes.  “You used your power again?”  ­­
I frown at my brother as the realisation hits me that he also knows more than me.  “He said I used it to stop Adam from killing you.  He said that Adam knew this all along.  B-b-but I can’t remember it.  I can hardly remember anything.  It’s as if I have been cleansed.  It can’t be true.”  My voice collapses into a whimper.
“I’m afraid it is.”  David pulls me towards him and sighs deeply.  “I’ll need every detail of the past few weeks if I’m going to protect you . . .and before you start, you do need protecting because soon everyone will know who you are and what you’re capable of.”
“You knew this and never thought to tell me, my own brother?” 
 “How many times did I tell you that your relationship with your bloody warden was unhealthy?”
“Yes but I thought . . .”
“You did something to yourself to stop you from remembering, which is why your memory is so bad.  When Adam first captured us, I tried to tell you, I tried to get you to undo it, but it was as if you couldn’t hear me.  It has been bloody frustrating, but I have to admit, I soon realised it was safer that you didn’t.  It kept you out of the way and gave you a freedom you wouldn’t have been afforded otherwise.”  David strokes my hair to soothe my distress as he explains.
However, terror takes hold of me anyway as I attempt to piece together the truth that everything I know and trust has been a lie and there’s so much missing from my memory, I’m not even sure who I am or where I came from.  David is my only link to the past, which is lost in the gigantic black hole in my head.
I rest my head against the window thinking of everything and nothing trying to digest it all.  Beside me, David is silent too.  After a while, I notice the sun dip lower in the sky until it disappears completely making way for the moon.  Not long after the moon’s ascent, the car slows to a halt outside an enormous Edwardian mansion.  
“This is home for now, Daisy.  I’ll show you around.”  David beckons.
A glossy black front door opens to reveal a grand staircase to the first floor.  There are several vampires loitering in the lobby, chatting, debating or reading quietly.  As we pass by them, they all stop what they are doing and watch our ascent.  David says nothing and our silence continues as he leads me along a narrow corridor until we reach an open door. 
“In here, sit down and I’ll get you something to drink.”  
I assess the bland almost clinical decor and collapse on a cream overstuffed sofa, waiting for David to return.
 “Here, you need this, drink up.”  David thrusts a blood pack into my hand and joins me on the sofa.
“Thanks.  So, how exactly did you know I would be out in the grounds at that particular time?”  
“I didn’t.  I came with Conlan to do a recce.  We’d started to make our way back when your presence grew stronger.  I ran back and found you in the grounds with Hector; it didn’t seem like an opportunity we should waste.  I called Conlan and he sorted Hector and nearby guards whilst I grabbed you.  To be fair I expected you to put up a bit of a fight.”
The blood coats my thirst and returns my strength.  I rest my head on the back of the sofa and savour the peace and safety of being alone with David for a few moments.  “I was about to make a run for it myself.”
“Do you remember anything of our human life?”  David enquires leaning back against the sofa too.
I close my eyes and consider it.  “ . . .  Not really.  Flashes.  I have a vague recollection of our mother in the kitchen stirring up something in a large ceramic pot . . . The delicious smells are stronger than the visual memory . . . .  I . . . and I think I remember playing with you in a garden.”  It is difficult to eke out any more details from my defective memory.
“And what about when we became vampires?”
“No . . . nope.  Nothing at all about that.  What do you remember?”  I turn my head and open my eyes to look at David.
David produces a half smile.  “I remember everything Daisy.  I’m not the one who wiped their memory.”  He winks and I smile back.  “Let’s see . . . I can recall our home and the paintings that hung on the wall, the books in the library, the possessions we cherished.  I can remember our mother clearly, every wisp of ebony hair that fell around her blushed cheeks and each line marking her face that told the story of her life.  We were outsiders even then, living on the outskirts of the town, all because the small minded townspeople shunned her because she was a witch . . .”
“That’s crazy.  Why?” 
“Small town superstitions.”
“Witch?”  I cannot help but laugh at the idea.  Stupid narrow-minded people.
“No, I think you’ve misunderstood me.  Our mother was a witch, as was our father for that matter.”  
“Witch?”  I clarify.  
“Yes.  Is that so hard to believe, knowing what we know, knowing that supernatural creatures lurk in all the dark corners of this world?”
“No but—”
“—But what?  You’re a witch too.  Oh-for-god’s-sake this would be so much easier if you hadn’t cast that stupid spell over yourself.  When Acheron told you that you had power, he meant magical power.  Did you not join the dots?”
My mind is spinning.  I shake my head.
“Right . . .  where do I start with this?  Okay, well . . . let’s see.  Our mother taught you to use your power.  From a young age, you could do amazing things, way better than me.  At night, when we were children, I’d follow you out into the garden and watch you use your power to lift petals off the flowers and make them dance around you . . . and as you got older you’d do things without even thinking about it; move a chair, lift a vase; close a door, even whilst doing something else.”
“I don’t remember.”  I keep shaking my head.  “I don’t remember what happened to them.  What happened to them David?”  Tears fill my eyes, knowing that in some way or another I have lost them now.
David puts his arm around me for comfort.  “Our father was hanged for witchcraft.  A child hiding in the woods caught him practicing magic and told his mother.  Anyway he . . . er . . . he accepted his fate to save us.  We were only babies, and he made mother promise to run as far away as she could to keep us safe.  She never forgave herself for leaving him.”
“D-d-did she die of a broken heart?” 
“No, no our mother was murdered on the night of our eighteenth birthday at the hands of the vampire who created us.”
The shock of his sudden revelation steals my breath.  “I-I-I don’t remember.  How can I not remember something as horrific as that?” 
“Our mother took us to the lake near our farm for a midnight picnic to celebrate our birthday.  As I lay on the grass watching you and mother play with the water, commanding it to dance and flip like an invisible fountain around us, a man appeared from the shadows.  Mother knew immediately whoever he was, he wasn’t human.  I think you knew too but you froze.  She tried to stop him, but he absorbed her blows.  It all happened too quickly.  My instinct, as it always has been, was to protect you.  Whilst he was distracted, lapping at her blood, I grabbed you and ran.  Unfortunately, his speed was inhuman.”
“Wh-wh-why?”
“He selected us.  He knew exactly who we were; Twins born under a blue moon, descended from a long line of pure blood witches.”
“Why?  What does that mean?”  I cry with the frustration getting the better of me and suddenly realise that I am hammering hysterical punches into David’s chest.
He grabs my wrists to stop me.  “The legend tells of Bellwether Witches, twins born under a blue moon who are prophesied to be the most powerful witches of all time.  And what do you think would happen if those powerful witches were turned into vampires; a curse that strengthens every fibre creating inhuman capabilities huh?  It creates a creature that could rule over the supernatural and human world without any contest, that’s what.”
“Wait, I’m confused, so this vampire turns us, and then let’s us go?”  
“No Daisy, he didn’t let us go.  You spellbound him to make him forget, clever I must admit.  He forgot everything and left to hunt allowing us time to escape.”
“So, why aren’t we these all powerful leaders of the universe then?”  I reply flippantly.
“We were young, scared and unaware of much of the legend.  We tried to blend into our new community, but then . . . well . . . well events took over and we ended up in the FVoL.”
“Where is this vampire who created us now?  Is he dead?”
“No . . . he’s an . . . Elder.”  David’s eyes drop to his lap waiting for the penny to drop.
“Acheron?”  When I whisper his name, it stirs something inside me.  “That’s why I have a strange physical compulsion for him.”
David nods.  “That’s why I need to know everything.  I need to know whether he remembers too, or whether he just thinks he’s discovered you thanks to your warden.”
“I . . . I have no idea . . .?  So when I made him forget, I accidentally did it to myself?”
“No, you were not clumsy with your magic, you were precise, intelligent and disciplined.  It was later that you cast the spell on yourself.”
“But why?”
“In our early vampire years we lived in the centre of busy cities to blend into crowds, and feed easily and inconspicuously.  You feared that your power would be discovered and used against us or lead Acheron to us, so somehow you spellbound yourself to forget which is why you’ve had no recollection of your powers since—”
 “—But Acheron told me that I used my power to stop Adam from killing you?”
“A reflex, innate in you to protect me as much as it is in me to protect you.  I thought after you’d used it on Adam, the memories would come back but they never did.”
“Can’t you undo it?”
“No, my power is different from yours.  You are the only one who can reverse it.”
“What happens now?”  
“Now?  Now you are one of us, a member of the Brotherhood Alliance.  Come, I’ll show you around.”  David rises to his feet.  “You know . . . Xavier was a great brother.  His part in this will be honoured once we’re done.”  David smiles in admiration of Xavier and then kisses the top of my head.  “And as soon as possible, we need to get you into training to rediscover that power of yours.”
“And Conlan, what does he know of all this?  Have you told him?”  
“Conlan is aware you have hidden power as are most of the Brotherhood.  The legend is widely known now, but they don’t know how the true extent and it is safer that it remains that way until you regain your powers.  I know it hurts that he wants distance, but let him come to you.  If he truly loves you he will forgive you in time.”
* * * *
 David’s tour of the whitewashed mansion has included various rooms as well as his spacious cellar that spreads much farther than the foundations of the house and leads to an underground training camp for newly made vampires and recruits, where they hone their skills in preparation for the attacks.  Along the way, as and when we come across them, David introduces me to various members of the Brotherhood Alliance.  Although I am trying to be polite, my heart isn’t in it.  With little rest over the last twenty-four hours or so, the physical exertion, lack of blood plus the fact that my mind is drowning in all this new information, I am just not in the mood for polite introductions and benign chitchat.
 “Hey listen, you look like you’ve had enough and I guess I should really let you take some time to digest everything.  I am just so excited to finally have you here with me by my side.  It’s gonna be great Daisy, this is the start of our future.”
I smile with little enthusiasm; I just do not have it in me.
“Okay, okay, I get it, you need some time.  I’ll show you to your room and you can have some time to collect your thoughts and then . . . .  Well then there’s someone very special I wanna introduce you to.”  David’s grin is one of a small child who has something they are desperate to show.
Normally I would pile in with an interrogation and eek out every detail, but right now, it is too much.  Instead, I nod and return his smile.
Linked arm in arm with my brother and locked in a relaxed silence we take a peaceful stroll down the corridors towards my new room, it is only the sound of flirtatious giggles flowing out of one of the rooms that distracts me.  I peek in through the open door and find a beautiful girl with tumbling golden curls simpering and tugging at a man’s arm whose back is to us.  Suddenly he twists around to catch the girl, grabbing her by the waist and passionately kissing her.  My jaw drops to the floor and a pummelling sensation crushes my stomach.   
David yanks on my arm and pulls me out of view of the room.  “C’mon, don’t read anything into it.  They’re just messing around.”  He insists, but it does nothing to soothe my shock.



Chapter 9: A Spellbinding Tutor

 “Sorry sis can’t wait any longer.  I want you to meet someone very special.”  David’s whisper fades in and I realise he’s gently rocking my shoulder to properly rouse me from my rest.  
In all honesty I didn’t believe I’d be able to sleep with such an active mind, yet the exhaustion seems to have had a greater effect on me than I realised and now as I open my eyes the room is dark and for all I know it could be days later.
 “What day is it?”  I clutch my neck.  There is a blistering burn in my throat.
“Here, drink this.  You’ve been out for two days.”  
At first, David’s Cheshire cat grin unsettles me, however whilst I suck on the blood pack, which does little to ease my thirst, I notice his eyes are switching between the door and me in an expectant manner.  When his eyes finally fix on the door I follow his gaze and find a tall striking woman appear under the frame.  She is dressed in a cascade of red silk that gently shimmers with her slightest movement and despite her scene stealing looks her eyes rest bashfully on the floor as if she is waiting for David to formally introduce her.  
“Daisy, this is Elizabeth, she and I . . . well she’s er . . . my girlfriend.”  David uncharacteristically stumbles with his words­­­­­.
On cue, Elizabeth steps forward with the grace of a gazelle.  “Hello Daisy, it’s wonderful to meet you, David doesn’t stop talking about you.”  Amazingly, her voice flows like liquid sunshine too.
 “Hi.  It’s um . . . great to meet you too, unfortunately my brother hasn’t told me anything about you,” I glare at David whilst smiling awkwardly at Elizabeth.  “This is all a bit of a surprise.”  
Elizabeth returns my smile but says nothing.  David says nothing.  Instead they both grin at each other and then at me like lovesick fools.  My craving for blood, proper warm blood direct from the vein of a human, is all that I can think about.  My mind is not in the right place to think up polite small talk.  
“Er so . . . how did you er . . . you two meet?”  I know I am fumbling and even I cringe inside at my poor attempt.
“My brother Jamie is a hunter like David.  He hid me from the FVOL.  You see I don’t possess any gifts, like the three of you.”  Her eyes fall fleetingly towards the floor as if she feels shame for her lack of supernatural talents.  “David and Jamie have been best friends since they were both selected to be Hunters, haven’t you Darling?”  
David nods maintaining his stupid lovesick grin.  
“They both dreamt of plotting a rebellion against the regime.  Eventually, one day, they found a way, found supporters and escaped.  It was then that Jamie introduced me to David.  Love at first sight wouldn’t you say?”  Elizabeth flashes a loving glance at David, who winks and smiles back in a way I have never seen before.  
I glance at David in time to catch the mischievous smile twitching at the edge of his mouth.  “Jamie is who I’ve asked to train you.  He is the best . . . er . . . how can I put this, equipped vampire to up skill you.” 
“I’m not sure I need up skilling, you’ve not seen me in action for quite some time, brother.”  I roll my eyes and cross my arms to dismiss the idea.
He laughs with a hint of smug satisfaction.  “You need ‘im, trust me.  Get dressed and I’ll take you down to meet him.  Be ready in ten minutes.”  
As soon as they leave, I stand in the shower for several minutes allowing the water to wash away two days of worth of sleep.  It feels amazing.  Once out, I have neither the time nor the inclination for primping my messy wet hair so instead I scrape it up into a rough ponytail that transforms it from unkempt mess to messily sexy.  My skin remains flawless; one of the best things about being a vampire, and thanks to my darker colouring, make-up is not a day-to-day necessity either.  However, dirt from the escape soils my T-shirt and jeans, but as I have nothing else and David’s knock on the door is starting to sound impatient, I will have to live with it. 
* * * *
 “Jamie!  Jay!”  David shouts as soon as we step outside into the midnight garden.
The smell of the fresh air is invigorating and whilst David searches for his friend, I take a moment to savour the freedom, inhaling the cool breeze whilst I bask in the beam of the moonlight.  Midnight is my favourite time of the day; enchanting and full of tomorrow’s possibilities.
“Alright Dave?”  A voice smothered in the softest velvet finally answers my brother’s calls and interrupts my moment of serenity.
Intrigued to discover the keeper of the delicious voice, I spin around and find a man taller than David standing behind us with arms crossed against his ample chest.  He has hair the colour of the moon that is short at the sides teased up into a volumised quiff on top.  It glimmers under the moonlight and emphasises his glittering aqua eyes whilst his smooth milky white skin glows in the darkness giving him an almost ghostly appearance.  I find I am blinking several times to confirm he is real.
“Daisy, this is Jamie Cromwell.  Jay, this is my sister, Daisy.”  My brother produces a stupid grin and nudges me with his elbow.
“Ah ha.  So this is the all-powerful one is it?  She don’t look like much, a bit short for my liking.”  Jamie assesses with a wry smile.
I drop my eyes over the rest of him purposefully, making a point of it.  His tight black t-shirt does everything to showcase his physique.  He obviously has a high opinion of himself and I wonder if this is what my brother means by equipped.  Narrowing my eyes, I return to his face.  “I’ve been battle trained by the best.  I can assure you my size is not a disadvantage.”  I dismiss, crossing my arms in front of my chest, unconsciously mirroring his stance.
“I doubt you’re as good as you think, but I’m not here for that.”  Jamie taunts and chortles to himself.  
It seems it has taken mere seconds for this overstuffed vampire to irritate me and I force myself to fight against the inner petulant child who desperately wants me to stick my tongue out at him.  Instead, I settle for a slightly more mature reaction and roll my eyes with a weighted sigh.
David’s sudden laugh eases the tense air, a little.  “You two are going to have a lot of fun together.  I’ll leave you to get properly acquainted.”  He taps my shoulder and wanders away towards the house.
I glance at Jamie in time to catch his smug grin.  Yep, that is it.  I have made up my mind.  I cannot stand him.  “David, wait.”  I shout running to his side.  “Does it have to be him?” 
“I want you to have someone looking out for you.  Someone I can trust.  I’m here obviously, but it doesn’t hurt to have a back-up.”
“Da-vid.”  I whine and stamp my feet.  My petulant child refuses to be held back any longer.  “Adam trusted me.  A hundred years of assignments out on my own.”  I offer up as evidence.
“First of all Adam didn’t.  He had you constantly followed by two of his specialist guards—”
“—How do you know that?”
“Everyone knew that.  Look you need to start realising what he was really like.  He knew all along about you and Conlan.  He had you watched, hoping it would fizzle out and that you’d come to your senses and hand Conlan over.  As time drew on and your behaviour proved that wasn’t going to be the case, Adam feared he’d become a laughing stock.  His arrival that night was no coincidence and nor was mine.  He planned it to prevent you compromising him any further.”
“And how do you know that?”
“I have my own spies.  Now can you see why I despise him?  Look, I promise you, Jamie is a good guy.  Give him time and he will grow on you, yeah?  He really is the best person to train you and I trust him with your life.  I can’t say that about any other living being on this earth.”  David’s eyes burn emphasising the strength of his convictions.  
I nod in defeat and leave David to disappear inside, although I feel even less like making an effort now.
“So Titch, Dave informs me you’ve forgotten how to use your powers?  That’s a bit stupid don’t y’think?”  Jamie mocks, approaching me from behind.  
I twist around.  My blood is ready to boil over.  “My name is Daisy.”  My fangs extend and my hands curl into tight fists at my sides as a surge of anger rises within me.  “Look, I appreciate that you and my brother, Da-VID, are close and I’m sure you feel obliged and everything, but I don’t need you.”  I present a venomous sneer to deter him from pursuing my brother’s crazy idea.
“Ooooh feisty . . . Hey, if you don’t want my help, I’ve got plenty of other things I could be getting on with, although . . .” He circles me, eyeing me up like a prized cow “. . .  I doubt they will be nearly as entertaining as this.” 
I twist again sharply in the other direction to intervene.  “I don’t need your help or anyone else’s help.  I am perfectly capable of figuring this out on my own.”  My words slide out through gritted teeth.  I have had enough of him.  I move to storm off, yet, for some reason my legs refuse to move, I attempt it again with more force this time and almost topple over.
“I thought you were storming off in a strop?”  Jamie teases reproducing his wry smile.
“I-I . . . er . . . can’t right now.”  I mutter staring down at my feet, cursing them for not allowing me to escape him.  On closer examination, I find there is nothing wrapped around them and no apparent reason for them not to do as I want.
“Nope you can’t can you?  Now I wonder why that might be.”  Jamie taps his chin pretending to think. 
I frown at him.  “You?” 
“Ah ha the penny’s dropped.  Perhaps now you can stop being so prickly and put those fangs away so that we can begin what your brother needs us to do?  I am doing this out of courtesy to him, and time is precious.  We are in the middle of organising an uprising after all.  We can’t all sleep through it.”  Jamie chides.
“Okay.  Fine.  I guess . . . I guess I’m sorry.”  I mumble with little sincerity.
“Good.  Right, let’s get on with it then.  At least you’ve come appropriately dressed in your scruffs, that’s something I suppose.”  He sighs and shakes his head.
I cannot shrug my suspicion that he is purposely trying to wind me up.  I glare back at him but he ignores me and continues.  
“We’ll try defence first.  Dave said the last time you used your power it was instinctive and spontaneous in defence.  So, pretend I am a threat to you.  I’ll try to grab you like I’m gonna attack and you’ve got to stop me.  Try not to over think it.  You think you can manage that?”  Jamie instructs as he bends into an attacking crouch.
“I’m sure I can handle that.”  I snipe and give him a flash of a sarcastic smile.
Jamie’s eyes glint in the moonlight, distracting me for a fast second and within a flash, he pins me against the trunk of a large oak tree sending a sharp pain splintering through my spine from his impact.
“I thought we agreed you were supposed to . . . stop . . . me.”  He whispers seductively.  
His strength holds me at his mercy and he squeezes my wrists against the trunk of the tree above my head whilst his knee presses between my legs forcing me to straddle his thigh.  The pain from the impact disappears only to have unwanted tingles blowing across every inch of skin replace it.  I make the mistake of looking into his eyes, which sparkle with mischief.  He is taunting me, confident of the extent his affect has on me.  I jerk my head to the side in a bid to avoid him and to hide my secret excitement as I curse the fire threatening to burn in my lap, too angry to surrender to its demands. 
“I wasn’t ready.”  I hiss.
“Oh right.  Is that your excuse?”  Jamie leans in closer brushing his lips against my ear as he whispers.  “I guess it’s too difficult for you to imagine not wanting me to pin you against this tree, eh?”  
“Don’t flatter yourself.”
“Then why is your skin quivering?”
It is difficult to deny.  The heat roaring silently between us is rippling through me and I am fighting against my resolve not to respond.  However, relief rinses through me when suddenly Jamie breaks into laughter and releases me from his grip.    
“Come on, let’s try it again . . .  Are you ready and focused now?  Remember you don’t want me to grab you.”
I nod with narrowed vengeful eyes.  This time I avoid his eyes and close mine, listening for his movement.  The grass rustles, releasing the smell of pollen into the air and a gentle push from the breeze charges my skin.  A swift step to my left should do it.  I open my eyes to find only empty dark shadows in front of me.  I cannot help but smile.
“No-no-no- no.  No!  Protect yourself with your power, not intuition and senses.  I am certain you have had the very best training the FVOL has to offer to hone those skills.  I am here to improve your use of sorcery.”  Jamie chides again sounding more and more like a miserable schoolteacher.
“I can’t.”  I snap as an overwhelming sense of frustration swamps me.  “I thought your best mate explained that to you?  I literally do not remember any of it.  I used my so-called power unconsciously to save my brother, not me.  Adam was going to kill him.  You’re just toying with me.”  Tears puddle in my eyes and I battle against their overspill, desperate not to reveal my vulnerability to him so that he can mock me further.
Jamie stares intensely at me for a moment with an otherwise blank expression before finally breaking into a stunning smile that briefly distracts me from the swell of emotions waiting to burst free.  “Hmmm. . .  The fact is it’s gonna take a powerful spell to undo your self-inflicted memory loss.  I doubt we’ll accomplish that tonight.”  He takes a step towards me.  “. . .  To be honest I’m not entirely sure we can undo it at all, even it if we had an eternity to work it out. . . .  Hmmm.”
“Then what was the point of this?”
“Now, now, there’s no need to become despondent.  Let me think about this . . .  Perhaps what we need to do is start with the basics and build you up until you regain enough power to undo it yourself . . . hmmm.”  
“Can’t you just wave a magic wand and do whatever it is you need to do?”
Jamie shakes his head and rests his arm on my shoulder with his snowy fingers rubbing the top of my arm, in a surprising comforting gesture.  “Do not fear we’ll get to the bottom of it.  I love a challenge.  You can be my pet project.”  
I do not relish the prospect of spending endless hours being mocked and chided by him.  I will have to persuade David to find an alternative method of unlocking my so-called power.
“C’mon walk with me whilst I think about this.”  Jamie ushers.
He seems to have quickly lost himself in thought, planning his curriculum no doubt, yet his arm still casually rests on my shoulders as we stroll around the perimeter of the midnight garden.  It is peculiar, but the easy silence between us is actually making me relax and my rebellious mind wants to wander to realms where I do not want it to.  Jamie’s scent, a curious mix of musk and summer days, encourages my thoughts further and it leaves me with no alternative than to force a break in the silence to create a source of distraction and wait for Jamie to irritate me again. 
“So, Jamie Cromwell, I er guess you are some sort of vampire witch too?” 
“I prefer the term sorcerer, Witch has such nasty connotations like maleficium attached to it,” Jamie screws up his nose as if he has tasted something bitter.  Rather annoyingly, he looks cute when he does it.
“—Maleficium?”
“You know, dark witchcraft, black magic that sorta thing.  But yes in answer to your question, I suppose I am.  There’s not many like us left in this world now, vampire or human, especially not of the pure blood kind like you and Dave.  Most of the old bloodlines have died out or become dormant.”
“So if you have this magical power why did you end up a Hunter and not an Elite?”
“Why did Dave?  Why did he allow you to believe you were nothing more than a successful Talent Scout?  Because being exceptional means being tagged and held captive like a trained bear only released to do their bidding.  I refuse to be used for their sick agenda and become embroiled in malefic acts.”  Jamie’s tone induces a peculiar shiver at the nape of my neck and yet I do not think that was his intention because almost immediately he rubs my arm to give me some sort of reassurance.
“So, what about your sister Elizabeth, she was saying to me earlier that she doesn’t possess any powers?”
“Well, that’s correct.  Lizzy has no exceptional powers.  You see we were born of the same father, but different mothers.  My mother was a sorcerer, hers wasn’t and our father was human.  That is why I have this ring.”  The chunky rectangular ring on his right ring finger holds a large crystal that looks more like a rough chunk of ice.  Jamie stares at me as if this should all be very apparent to me, but I am still getting my head around the fact witches exist never mind the intricacies.  “Sorry, I forgot for a moment that you have absolutely no recollection of this stuff.  To put it simply, my sorcery is weak in comparison to a pure blood so I use the crystal, which has its own magical properties to give it some oomph.”
I frown, sort of understanding what he is saying but not really.  I decide to steer the subject to something I am more familiar with.  “So then, how did you both become vampires?”  
Jamie snaps a rose from its stem and twiddles it absentmindedly between his fingers before passing it to me.  “Unfortunately Acheron thought we were you and Dave—”
“—Acheron?”  His name comes out in a gasp.  The mere sound of it induces a feeling of dread.
“Mmm.  Obviously, Lizzie and me don’t look much alike, yet within the town where we lived, we were known as twins.  This was because, well, after my mother died when I was about 10, Lizzie’s mother accepted me into their home.  She was a wonderful saintly creature and despite the fact that I was her husband’s bastard love child, she managed to treat me like her own son.  For obvious reasons we had to move to a new town and instead of going through awkward explanations, it seemed easier to let everyone assume we were twins.  Lizzie and I were pretty much inseparable anyway; as close as any brother or sister and the best of friends, which meant nobody thought to question it.  Sadly, five years later Lizzie’s mother contracted pneumonia and died.  Her loss weighed heavily on our father and he followed her to the grave only a couple of years later.  Lizzie and I inherited his estate and we continued to run it and make a profit.  
“However, it wasn’t my passion.  I had a yearning to travel and explore my heritage but I couldn’t leave Lizzie to run the estate alone and she had no interest in leaving her parents home.  After a while, the monotony started to suffocate me and I grew lazy, using my power more and more to do the tasks that bored me.  At night, I drank and frequented anywhere that numbed the pain and boredom.  I was selfish and unfortunately, by coincidence during my self-destructive phase, Acheron also happened to be out hunting for the fabled Blue Moon Sorcerer Twins.  Perhaps he caught rumours about us or maybe he just got lucky and caught me being lazy.  I dunno, but he found us and turned us both.  When he discovered we weren’t who he thought we were . . . well let’s just say we were fortunate to escape with our immortal lives.”  
For some reason I feel a sudden need to impress him with what I’d apparently been capable of.  Once anyway.  “David says that after Acheron turned us, I spelled him so that he’d forget us.  That’s how we escaped.”    
“Yeah, but that wore off a long time ago.  You should have killed him when you had the chance.  You are well and truly top of his wish-list now.” 
 Jamie’s jibe leaves me feeling stupid again.  I shrug my shoulders to remove his arm and drop the now naked rose onto the ground and head back towards the house to be alone.
“Wait up, don’t get all stroppy.  I hate grumpy vamps.  If we are going to be spending all this time together, we should make practice fun and try to have a laugh at the same time.  I’m only teasing you.  C’mon there’s no time like the present, let’s go back to my room.”
I arch my eyebrow up at him.
“It’s quieter at that end of the house.  I’m going to teach you some baby spells.”
 “Baby spells?”
“Yeah stuff your mother probably taught you when you were a littl’en.”
“You think I’ll be able to do that?”
“Daze, you are destined to be a legendary sorceress, of course you will, under my expert instruction, obviously.  And, when y’ all-powerful again, you can tell everyone it was all thanks to me.  In the meantime I’ll think up an appropriate reward for my services in preparation for when that day arrives.”  Jamie winks and I roll my eyes up to the stars with a shake of my head, secretly happier than when I arrived.  
“Come on, let’s get some liquid refreshment and then I’ll teach you a simple spell.”  
Unfortunately, the timing of our return to the mansion proves impossibly poor; we walk straight into Conlan’s path.  Jamie’s arm is still around me and although it is innocent, I feel the need to shrug it off quickly.  I need not have bothered, Conlan strides past us shooting an icy glare in my direction that clearly communicates his hate for me.  The beautiful blond girl who had fastened her lips to him when I first arrived trots alongside, like a faithful pet.
“Evening Jamie, you’re looking particularly handsome this evening.”  She coos, ignoring me.
Jamie nods in acknowledgement.  “As always.”  He replies and replaces his arm around me, tugging me in close to him.  “Come on Daze.  He is being a baby.  Forget about him.”  He whispers.  
Perhaps Jamie is not as bad as I first thought. 
In keeping with the theme of the rest of the house, Jamie’s room is predominantly white; white walls, white washed wood floors, white mantle piece and white bed linen, however the chairs and cushions are dressed in black velvet, co-ordinating with the black glossy bedroom furniture and wrought iron bed.
“This is minimalist.”  I assess glancing around his room.
“It’s not home, but for a temporary crash, it’ll do.”  Jamie whirls around the room switching on side lamps.  “Okay, now let’s see . . .” He scans the room for something.
  I watch as he focuses on the bed and strides over to it.  He clutches a cushion before stabbing it with his nail to slice it open and release the stuffing.  Feathers spill out and float down on to the bed.  
“Watch.”  Jamie instructs, waving his hand in a circular motion above the scattered feathers.  At first, they drift around in flat circles and then quickly they lift up twisting into a miniature tornado on top of the bed.
Jamie watches me watching him.  “This is basic; controlling small weightless objects using Elemental magic.  Come, your turn.  Just try with a single feather and then we will build up until you can accomplish this.  Two-year-old children of sorcerers can do this.  While you practice I’ll grab us some blood.”
“Wait-wait, how?  I do not even know what Elemental magic is or where to begin to get even one to move.  Do I just think it?  Do I have to chant something?  I have absolutely no idea.  In fact, this is just ridiculous.  I think everyone has the wrong idea about me.  I am a Talent Scout, or at least I was.  That’s it nothin-more-nothin-less.”  The helplessness swells inside me and threatens to pour out into a wet mess of tears.  “I’m not what everyone thinks I am.”  Those final few words prove too much and the dam crumbles spilling out fear and loneliness into tears.  I shouldn’t feel like this.  I am a vampire, I am supposed to be cold and collected, yet I have never felt more human or vulnerable or bloody emotional. 
“Hey-hey Daze, stop this.”  Jamie rushes to cradle me, pressing my soaked cheek against his chest as he strokes my hair and gently rocks me.  “Shh.” He soothes.  “You and Dave are our great hope and you can do this.  It’s just gonna take a whole lotta effort and self-belief to bring you up to the mark.  It’s not impossible just challenging.”
“No this is huge Jamie.  Imagine waking up one day and being told you’re a whole different person to who you thought you were and being expected to perform on cue.  I can’t believe it, it’s unfathomable.”  I rant hysterically.
  “I do understand and I realise we’re all putting you under a whole heap of pressure, but it’s there inside you, it’s your true nature and you’ve locked it away.  We just need to find the key.  Look, I promise to support you and do whatever it takes to put things right.  You won’t be alone in this; you have Dave and me in your corner. . .  You’re obviously overwhelmed and still recovering from the shock, perhaps it’s not a good idea for you to be alone at the moment, why not stay here with me?  You can have the bed and I’ll stretch out on the couch and we’ll begin afresh tomorrow.” 
* * * *
Sleeping for two whole days when I first arrived seems to have knocked my body clock out of sync.  A cacophony of doors banging and squeaking has awoken me early.  I remember falling asleep in Jamie’s bed whilst it was still dark, and it appears I have only managed a couple of hours, although Jamie is still sleeping beside me in the bed.  Carefully I lift the covers to have a peak.  I do not fully trust my memory anymore.  Thankfully, we are both fully clothed. 
 “Morning Daze.”  His voice startles me.  “You’re awake bright an early.  Are you sure you’re really a vampire?”  He teases, opening one eye.
 “Hi.  Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you . . . Considering my throat is burning with thirst, I would say I’m a bonafide vampire.  So where is the blood kept around here?”  
“We had the last of my stash up here last night; I’ll pop downstairs and find some more.  Everyone else will be bedding down so there won’t be any complaints.”
“Complaints?”
“Yeah, the blood packs are running low in supply thanks to the FVoL cutting off our supplier and until we get hold of another we are supposed to harvest some ourselves or find a blood bank even though both are risky in the current climate.” 
“But that’s illegal.”  I tease.
“So is starting a revolution.”  Jamie laughs.  “Besides, I hear you were partial to a live specimen out on assignment and didn’t you assist the escape of an EC?  Stay here.  Freshen up.  Seeing as I know the top guy, I think we can make an exception for you.  I’ll grab some and be back in a jiffy.”  
* * * *
The warmth of the shower invigorates my cool skin as it washes away my tension down the gurgling plughole along with the soapy water.  The thought of spoiling this sensation by putting filthy clothes back is not appealing, so I bundle them up, borrow the white fluffy robe hanging behind the bathroom door, and wander back through into the bedroom.
 “Oh.”  A disapproving voice greets me.  It belongs to the blonde girl, who follows Conlan around.  
Suddenly conscious my robe is gaping, I pull it across and secure it with the belt, all the while maintaining a contemptuous glare at the blonde girl, making my feelings known.  The blonde girl returns my glare and looks me up and down with an expression of superior disapproval.  
“Is Jamie in there with you?”  She enquires studying over my shoulder with a snake like smile.
“No.  He’s not.  Whom shall I say was after him?”  
“Ah morning, Maz.  What can I do for you so early on this beautiful morning?”  Jamie welcomes, returning with liquid refreshment just in time to interrupt our hateful glares.   
“How can you tell when the blinds have blocked it out?”
“Don’t need daylight to know it’s a beautiful morning.”  Jamie grins.
“Yes, well I’m sorry for interrupting you, I didn’t realise you were entertaining.  I would have knocked if I’d have known.”  
Jamie glances over at me, draping his eyes over his white robe and my dripping wet hair before the corners of his mouth upturn hinting at his mischievous thoughts.  “Hmm,” He hums, insinuating that the blonde girl had made the correct assumption.  “Marianne this is Daisy, Daze this is Marianne.”  Jamie introduces.
We trade evil eyes with only the slightest nod of acknowledgement.
“So Maz, as I said, what can I do for you?”  
“Oh right yes.  Conlan and I were just arriving home after an exhausting night when we bumped into David and he asked if I wouldn’t mind giving you a message before we retire.”  She pauses.  Her smug smile says it all.  She knows her words cut deep into my heart.  “. . . to bed.”  And then she twists the knife.
“And?  The message?”  Jamie presses appearing to have grown a little irritated by her too.
“Huh?  Oh, er, he’s in the library and has some urgent questions concerning your recent trip.  I believe it has something to do with his resource plans.  He’s turning into a miserable workaholic, Lizzy gets no attention.”  Marianne tutts and shakes her head, ruffling her oodles of curls that appear to have a life of their own.  She reminds me of Medusa. 
“Okay, thanks.  If you see him on your way back, tell him I’ll be down in a bit.  I have something I er, need to finish here first.”  His voice melts into the sweetest honey, which suspends me for a moment as he saunters over and wraps his arm around my waist tugging me closer into him to kiss my wet hair, implying something wholly inaccurate.  
Medusa watches with fascination and takes one last opportunity to eye me up and down before skipping out of the room.  “Enjoy your . . . rest.”
“I don’t like her.”  I mumble, more annoyed with her intent to capture something to feed Conlan’s hate, rather than Jamie messing around.
“Who Maz?  She’s harmless really.  A bit of a gossip, so we’ll be the talk of camp by nightfall. . . .  Get him back at his own game eh?”
“I don’t need to get back at him.  I’ve hurt him enough already.”  I snap pushing Jamie’s arm off my shoulders.  
“It’s your fault.  Have you any idea how many of the vampires, female or male would give anything to be stood here naked . . . dripping wet . . . draped in my bathrobe and alone in my room with me, as you are now?  The gossip will spread like wildfire.  If you didn’t want anyone to speculate you shouldn’t have answered the door like this.”  Jamie teases using his honeyed voice.
“I-I-I didn’t.  M-Medusa barged in unannounced.”  I bark back, tugging the bathrobe further across my chest. 
“Now, now, don’t go getting all grumpy on me again.”  Jamie riles me to the point of wanting to explode into a frustrated tantrum.  Thankfully, I manage to contain the urge and what little is left of my dignity.  “I’ll go see what your brother wants and then I’ll be back.  Don’t answer the door again, just stay here, relax enjoy your blood and if you can, try and go back to sleep.”
“She barged in!”  I growl.  “And I need to go and get some clothes. . .”  I rein my temper in and retract my fangs.  “Those are filthy.”  I gesture towards the heap of dirty torn clothes at the foot of the bed.
“Don’t worry about your clothes; you look perfect just as you are.”  He smiles returning to his soft velvet voice and before I can flick him away, he swiftly plants a second kiss on my hair.
“Ja-mie?”  I whine.
Of course, he ignores me and leaves the room anyway.  As soon as his shadow disappears I scream and stomp my feet to release some of the anger and frustration bubbling away inside me.  My thirst scratches at my throat in protest, insisting on urgent attention.  I tear open a packet of blood and let it slip down my throat dampening the flames of my thirst and temper.  The thought of hanging around in a bathrobe in Jamie’s room waiting for someone else to arrive unannounced ready to fuel Medusa’s gossip is out of the question.   
I reach for the door handle, but something smacks my hand, I try again in a different spot, and again in another spot, yet each time I run into something hard, like an invisible shield.  This time I hold up the palms of my hands push gently against it, then I try to force it, yet it refuses to budge.  Screaming with frustration, I fly over to the window.  Again, an invisible barrier prevents me from getting close.  This is frightening me and doubts resurface about Jamie.  Why would he lock me in?  He is supposed to be my brother’s best friend after all. 
Half an hour of pacing back and forth passes and Jamie finally returns carrying a small bundle of clothes and passes through the invisible shield as if it does not exist.
“Jamie, what did you do?”  I scrunch my hair in my hands with frustration.
“Is your memory loss getting worse?  I popped to see Dave.  Here I’ve brought you some clothes this should be everything you need.”  
“I couldn’t get out.  What did you do?”
“Oh, I see.  You don’t do as you’re told very often do you?  Dave did warn me.”
“Ja-MIE!”
“It’s for your own protection.  Nothing to worry about.”  
“Nothing to worry about, nothing to worry about?  Y-y-you’re the same as the others, Adam, Acheron.  They tried to cage me up too for my so-called own protection.”  My emotions swell beyond my control.
In a blur, Jamie shoves me backwards on to the bed and pins me with his weight.  For a moment, I lose my breath to the fear and excitement of the charged contact.  “Who do you think you are to judge me?  I am nothing like Acheron!”  He growls as I witness the hurt cloud his amazing eyes.
“Why then?  Why are you keeping me here, caged up like they did?”  The volume of my voice struggles to rise above a whisper and despite his blatant furious resentment for what I have just said my mind fills with fantasies of a furious kiss to end this scene.
However, it doesn’t happen.  Jamie huffs and crawls off of me.  “Look I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have reacted like that.  .  .  But I will not be compared to him.  He is the true vampire.  The monster.  The demon.  I’ve worked hard to suppress any hint of it within me.  You don’t know me enough to judge me.”
“And you don’t know me well enough, yet you judge me not fit to take care of myself.  Why did you do whatever it is you did?  Isn’t this a safe place, aren’t we all on the same side?”  
“That’s different.  I was protecting you.  You need to accept that you’ll never be truly free, you are the Bellwether Sorceress and now I am responsible for you.  Dave has asked me to take care of you until you regain your powers.  I take my duty very seriously.  The brothers and sisters of the Alliance have sworn allegiances, but Dave is nervous.  Acheron’s reputation is a feared one and you’re yet to recover your powers.”  His response is even and possibly the most serious I have seen him since we met.  “Listen, I’m gonna get showered.  If you don’t want to rest, get dressed and then we might as well get back to practice . . .” Jamie pauses at the bathroom door.  “Daze, I’m not your prison officer, if anything I’m your bodyguard.  Even the most powerful people need people to look out for them and that’s all I’m doing.  Nothing sinister I promise you.  You can trust me.”  
“I need to see David first.”  I call through the door he has left ajar.  Part of me wants to peak at him and see if his naked body is as divine as his clothes insinuate.
“Dave won’t help you.  This is what he requested.  We’re stuck with each other for the now.”  Jamie calls back through the backdrop of raining water.
“That’s not what I meant.”  I mutter and return to the heap of clothes.
Whilst I wait for Jamie to shower, I sift through the pile of clothes that are not mine, yet are in my size.  I shake out a pair of dark rinse jeans and a white v neck t-shirt that are similar to my usual staples and as I pull the T-shirt over my head, I hear Jamie re-enter.  I cannot help myself; I have to sneak a subtle peak at him.  Annoyingly he has caught me and grins to prove it as he removes his towel and throws it on to the bed in a heap.  Embarrassed, I turn away from his divine naked body.
“You’re very prudish for a vampire.”  Jamie notes, purposely moving in front of me and bending over his drawer to claim a pair of jeans.  To protect my eyes I slap my hand across them, although my fingers spread apart, just a little.
“I’m sorry for what I said earlier, I didn’t mean to offend you, but it freaked me out a bit.  I trusted Adam and look where that got me and I just want to see my brother to understand what is going on and what his plans are.”  I explain, ignoring his observation.
“Apology accepted.  However, you have sorcery to practice and Dave has retired for the day.  You’ll have to wait until this evening.  Now, if you’re not going to rest we’ll spend the extra hours practicing.” 
I frown at him and drop my hand from my eyes.  “I told you I have no idea what to do.”
Jamie pauses.  A lonely feather resting on the hard wood floor floats up with a wave of his hand.  “Magic is within you.  It is not simply a spell as in Hocus Pocus, but something that flows out of you.  There are many types of magic, all of which can be used for good or malevolent use.  It’s important, being as powerful as you are, that you understand this and that you only call on magic from this world and not engage with the next, especially considering you’re a vampire and can readily gain access to darker resources for your magic.”  The feather now dances around in the air above his head.  “As a pure witch you first need to conquer elemental magic and then we’ll investigate the other magical arts.  I’ll take you through it step by step.  So firstly, I need you to relax and let go of everything, all your emotion, and your thoughts and just be.  Feel the magic inside you and let it flow outside into what you want it to do.”  Jamie releases the feather from his control allowing it to float down to the floor of its own free will.  “Lie down on the bed.  I’m going to get you to relax.” 
I raise my eyebrow suspiciously.  
“Get over yourself Daze, you’re not that irresistible.  Now come on.  Focus.”  The schoolteacher has returned.
His comment stings.  I do not care what he thinks of me in that way.  Okay so he is probably the most beautiful and enticing vampire I have seen, but it is not as if I want him to want me, not really.  That would only complicate things.  My love belongs elsewhere.  
Despite my bruised ego, I comply and lie on the bed with Jamie crouching at the side where my head rests.  His fresh scent is relaxing and I can smell a faint trace of the shower gel he recently used.  I breathe it in deep.
“Right, close your eyes.  Let go of all your anxieties, your emotions and imagine you are floating in the air, the breeze is warm around you and the air is fresh . . .” Jamie’s voice hums hypnotically in my ear.  He is closer now, his breath caresses my cheek with each word he speaks, and my mind quickly empties.  “ . . .  Think about the clouds around you; push them gently away to allow you through.”  
The visualisation emerges as clear as crystal glass in my mind.  Cotton wool clouds surround me as I float through thin air and with a wave of my hands, the clouds gently drift away into the distance leaving me alone in a baby blue sky, feeling lighter than air.
 Jamie’s voice enters my serene space.  “Open your eyes Daze.” 
“Now what?”  I almost sing in my relaxed state, gazing into his amazing sapphire eyes.
Jamie places a feather on to my bare skin, just above my jeans where my T-shirt has ridden up a little.  “Feel it.  Make it float.  Focus on the feeling you had of floating and transfer it to the feather.”  He directs.
Although this bewilders me a little, there is a charged connection between us.  I trust it and follow Jamie’s instructions.  With my eyes closed, I conjure up the visualisation again and hold it there whilst I reopen my eyes and concentrate on the feather.  A feint pulse travels underneath my skin and as soon as it reaches my fingertips, the feather suddenly lifts up a couple of inches.  It is unbelievable; it is floating mid air in front of me above my belly button with no explanation other than magic.  
“Are you doing that?”  I whisper.
“Nope, that’s all you.”    
The excitement of the achievement distracts me sending the feather tumbling down to my stomach.  “Whoops.”  
“Focus.  You’ve not got long to master this.”  Despite his admonishing manner, his eyes hint he is pleased.
Relax and refocus I tell myself several times over trying to suppress the excitement.  Eventually the pulsing returns and I lift the feather up and down moving it higher and higher each time.  Jamie seems pleased, although perhaps a little bored.  Despite my miniscule progress, my doubts remain about my so-called abilities because if it takes this much focus and effort to lift a single feather how will I ever become what the legend predicts?  
At dusk, a welcome interruption from my brother arrives.  “Hey you two?”  
“Look, look what Jamie has taught me?”  I perform my party trick, lifting the feather into the air.  
My brother smiles, yet flicks a concerned glance in Jamie’s direction.  “Great Sis.”  He lies.
Jamie shrugs his shoulders.
 “Don’t patronise me.  What’s going on?  Why is Jamie guarding me?  You know I can take care of myself, and if you are that concerned why aren’t you doing it yourself?”  I explode.
“No offence taken.”  Jamie mutters.
“Calm down.  Jay is the only other person in this world I trust to take care of you.  The fact is Adam is probably out there running around searching for Conlan or looking for revenge.  Acheron will no doubt have sent a vociferous search party for you and I cannot be one hundred percent sure that none of the vampires here wouldn’t turn you over to save their own skins.  Once you have got your power back, it will be different, but being trained in combative skills will not be enough to keep you safe right now.”  David’s frustration with my refusal to fall in to line visibly rumbles through him. 
“You could have chosen Conlan?”  I scream, but I regret it, knowing Jamie is stood behind me and that he is probably the right choice, even if Conlan had been willing.
David pauses, perhaps to control his temper.  He shakes his head and appears to consider his words carefully.  “I know you’re in love with him, but quite frankly he doesn’t want you now, he doesn’t want to fight for what you had.  I am sorry Daisy, you need to accept that you broke his heart and now he is done with you.  Move on.”
“But he came to help.  You could’ve brought Jamie, but you brought Conlan.”  I am clutching at straws.
“Stop trying to cling to something that’s gone.  Jay was occupied.  I had no choice but to bring Conlan.  None of the other vampires possess the right kind of talent.  I ordered him to come.  It wasn’t his choice.”
Physical pain ricochets inside me sending tears raining down my cheeks. 
“Enough Dave, that’ll do.  I think she’s got the message.”  Jamie interrupts pulling me into him protectively.    
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to hurt you, but it is best you know the truth.  You need to move on.  Focus on what’s most important and don’t waste your tears on him.”
“It’s-It’s just that I feel sorta lost.  You’ve got this whole other life with Elizabeth and Jamie that I have known nothing about.  Conlan hates me.  Adam’s god knows where and I find myself here in this strange place trying to rediscover powers I cannot remember and live up to some mythical legend.  I just . . . I just don’t know who I am anymore.”
“You’re you and you can do this, I know you can.  You are my baby sister.  Our connection is forever, it doesn’t matter that Elizabeth is in my life like it didn’t matter that Conlan was in yours.”  David comes over and kisses my hair.  “You’re my twin and no one will ever come between us.  I’ll die protecting you.” 
* * * *
From the window of Jamie’s room, I watch the other members of the Brotherhood Alliance disperse into the night.  Yesterday consisted of practicing what were little more than tricks.  Before I fell asleep in a heap of exhaustion at about four this morning I had managed to build up to the feather hurricane and shifted a couple of heavier objects a few centimetres across a table.  All of which adds up to a small amount of progress for such a huge input of effort.
“Daze?”  
“Yes Jamie, I’m coming.”  
Jamie holds his elbow out gesturing for me to link my arm around his.  “I’m going to enjoy tonight.”  He whispers patting my linked hand maintaining the mystery around what he has planned for this evening.
The few vampires left milling around watch with scrutinising eyes as Jamie escorts me down the enormous staircase to the front door.  I guess it is a sign that Medusa has lived up to expectations and spread her poisonous rumours.  Yet somehow, this doesn’t bother me as much as I thought it would and I am actually starting to enjoy his company, even though he continues to annoy the hell out of me most of the time.
My brother greets us at the door.  “You both ready?” 
“Is Elizabeth coming too?”  I ask.
“It’s not a double date.”  Jamie laughs.  “It’s practice with a turbo boost.”
“Good, because I wouldn’t want to go on any kind of date with you.”  I snap too hastily to hide my embarrassment.
Jamie purses his lips, but lets it go.
Once outside Jamie opens the rear door of a waiting sleek black saloon and gestures for me to get in whilst David slips into the passenger seat.
“How very chivalrous of you.”  I note in fake posh tone.
Jamie gives me a crooked smile.  “What can I say, old school sensibilities . . . m'Lady.”  He replies closing the door before blurring around to the driver’s seat.
The car falls quiet as we drive along the shoreline.  I stare out of the window and find that the waning moon is drawing me to its glowing presence as it decorates the clear night sky.  It is not until Jamie switches off the engine that I realise we have stopped.
 “So why are we here?”  I query, gazing at the moonlit sea view from the cliff top we have parked up on, which overlooks a deserted beach.
“The strength of your power comes from the moon.”  David answers.  “Therefore your strongest element is water, although you have the ability to command them all.  I picked this particular, nicely secluded, spot because it is unreachable by humans thanks to the rocks.  It will give us the privacy we need.”
“We?  Can you do what I am supposed to do?  I don’t remember seeing you do anything like Jamie, but then again, we all know how crap my memory is.”
“No, I’m different to you and Jay.  In essence, I am what is sometimes referred to as a Familiar.  My purpose is to channel strength to increase the power of your magic and to protect you from harm.  I can do small things on my own like start a fire, close a door, that sorta thing.”  
Heat suddenly warms my skin and when I glance to my left, I find flames roaring in the centre of a pile of old wood.
 “Right, so I’m guessing that’s what Jamie means by turbo boost.” 
David nods and distinguishes the fire with his magic.
“But I can’t even do what you can do.”  I glance at Jamie to confirm my inadequacy.  He shakes his head with disagreement and gives me an encouraging smile.
“I’ve seen what you can do and experienced it.  Becoming a vampire only increases your power, that’s why you could spellbind Acheron.  The problem is that your power increases with age and by the time you made yourself forget you were too powerful and now only you can undo it.  I am hoping that being here under the moon, with me, near the water will help you to regain some of your magical strength, maybe even jog your memory.”  
I sigh apprehensively.  “I suppose I’m game, so go on tell me what to do and I’ll give it a go.” 
“Let’s get down on to the beach.”  Jamie leaps off the cliff edge and David and I follow.  “So Daze, remember when we lay on the bed and I got you to imagine floating and pushing the clouds away?”  Jamie begins his instruction.
“Mmm.”
 “Okay, so, to really give your energy some boost, I want you to immerse yourself in the water . . . I want you to swim in it . . . submerge yourself and completely absorb its energy.  Then once you come out we’ll start the next step.”
“I’ve not brought anything with me.” 
Jamie smirks and arches his eyebrow.  “What do you need?  Just leave your clothes here.” 
“I’m not going to strip naked in front of you and my brother.”  
“Daze, don’t be such a prude.”  Jamie teases.
“Jay, behave.  I don’t relish the thought of seeing my sister naked, even if you do.”  
Jamie laughs but gives a one-fingered gesture for my brother’s benefit.  Meanwhile, I pull off my boots and jeans but leave my black t-shirt on, even though it barely covers my modesty.  Then ignoring them both, I dive into the deep waters and swim towards the moon for several miles.  The peaceful lapping of the black water around me is calming and for once, the world is hushed.  I dive underwater to swim along the seabed, listening to the muffled groans of the ocean whilst enjoying its solace.  It makes me wish that I could disappear from all the drama on land and hide under the infinite sea like a mermaid, although, my love for those I cherish would always lead me back.  
I head back to the shoreline, allowing my sense of David to draw me in.  As I emerge from the shallow water, I smooth my hair back and squeeze out the excess salty water.  My soaked t-shirt clings to my body like a second skin, shimmering wet in the moon light.  I am sure it leaves little to anyone’s imagination and although I am pretending not to notice, Jamie’s mouth is gaping open at the sight of me.  I glance at David who looks at me and then at Jamie before breaking into a knowing smile and shaking his head.  Enjoying my ability to hold Jamie in awe of me for once, I continue to saunter back to the sand to make the most of the moment.
“C’mon little sister, put y’ jeans back on before Jay loses all focus on the task at hand.”  David teases.
“Er, excuse me, I am perfectly focused thank you.”  Jamie tutts, yet his gaze still hovers in my direction.
I raise a doubtful eyebrow and yank my jeans on over my damp skin.
“Whatever Jay, you tell yourself that.”  David chuckles.
“Anyway,” Jamie glares at my brother as he walks towards me.  “What happens now involves your brother.”  As Jamie approaches, he reaches out and cups my head in his hands.  “Remember,” he whispers, “. . . he is your channel.  If you’d never cast that damn spell over yourself, even without Dave you’d still be a sorceress to reckon with, and with Dave channelling strength you become unparalleled or so the legends goes.”
The strength of belief in his words illuminates the blue of his eyes and transfixes me for a moment.
“Eh Hm.”  My brother clears his throat.
Jamie releases my head and takes a step away.  “To start with, you will need to be touching.  You’ve spent a great many years separated and your bond has weakened, however, once that connection strengthens again, it won’t be necessary and you’ll only have to be within a reasonable proximity of each other.”  Jamie instructs returning to his role as schoolteacher.
“But despite our separation I’ve always been able to sense him and him me?”
“Trust me, you’ll notice the difference in time.  Dave, rest your hand on her shoulders.”
David steps behind me and follows Jamie’s instructions.
“And how do you know all this anyway?”  I ask.
“Not now, now you need to listen to my instruction. . . .  So . . . start thinking about how the water made you feel . . . borrow its strength and energy.  Relax . . . concentrate . . . feel that energy surging through you. . .  ” Jamie’s hypnotic voice drifts into the background.
An odd buzzing tingly sensation develops in my shoulders underneath David’s fingers and pulses through me.  This time the sensation of energy gushing in my veins is far more intense than during practice.  I straighten my posture, feeling stronger than usual, empowered.  The tingling transforms into pulsing waves of vibrations charging into the tips of my fingers desperate to burst free.
“Can you feel it Daze?”  Jamie’s breath kisses my neck.  “Think about the water . . . Imagine sculpting the ocean into something spectacular.”
For some reason thoughts of fountains immediately fill my head and my hands trace the pictures in my mind.  Around me, the sound of lapping waves rise and fall into a crashing rhythm and the sea breeze that a moment ago breathed gently against my skin, blows with an aggressive purpose.
 “Open your eyes Daisy.”  David whispers.
Slowly I open them, afraid and excited for what I will discover.  In front of me, a magnificent mountain of water leaps and dances on top of the sea creating beautiful intricate impossible shapes.  The ocean draws me towards it and David follows behind me.  My confidence soars and I want to experiment, so I part my hands and watch as the ocean returns to its natural state before it gradually mirrors my action, parting into towering walls of water on either side of me.
“Wow.”  David gasps and walks past me towards the path I have created.
I bring my hands back together and the sea melts into one again in front of my brother.
“It’s bloody Moses.”  Jamie laughs.
“H-how-how?”  I stutter, amazed by of what I have just done.
“It’s a drop in the ocean compared to what you are capable of.”  Jamie shouts, and falls about laughing at his own stupid quip.
I take a step forward to reach David but somehow I lose my footing and my head feels like it is full of air as I stumble into a heap on the sand.
“Daisy!”  David gasps and rushes to my aid.  “Jay, she’s bleeding.”  
“It’s okay, it’s because she’s not used to using that volume of power, and she’s still weak in sorcery terms.  I’ll grab what we brought from the car.  That should replenish her energy.  She will be fine Dave, don’t worry.  Do not panic.”
“Don’t worry?  How am I not supposed to worry?  Look at her!”  David yells.  His fear roughens his tone and he is holding on to me for dear life.  Meanwhile, my head is on a continuous spin cycle and warm blood drips from my nose like a faulty tap.
 “I’m sorry Daisy.  I didn’t know it would do this to you.  I am too impatient.  I’ll find another way.”  David bites open his wrist and holds it against my mouth.  “Drink, quickly, drink what you need.”
Vampire blood heals, it does not satisfy.  My brother’s blood fixes my faulty tap and the merry-go-round in my head takes a break, but my weak body is ravenous for human blood to strengthen it again.
“You heard him; I just need to build up strength.  I can do it.  It just means I’ll need to drink more.”  I reply breathlessly pushing his wrist away and resting my weary head on his lap.
“Yes . . . Yes, you need human blood now.  If I can find you a live specimen can you control yourself?”
I nod and close my eyes.
“Okay, well Jay’ll be back in a minute.  Just lay here, don’t move or exert any more energy and I’ll be back.”  My brother’s words drift away as I allow unconsciousness to take me over
Jamie’s rapid footsteps crunching against the sand stir me to open my eyes again.  
I notice that he is clutching three packs of synthetic blood and his eyes are darting around the area.  “Where’s Dave gone?”
“I need . . . proper blood, if we’re . . . gonna do this  . . . right.”  I pant.
Jamie drops down onto the sand next to me and slips his arm under my head.  “So he’s gone to get you some?”
I nod.
“Right, well it won’t hurt while we wait for you to get these down you.  C’mon.”  Jamie tips my head and raises his synthetic blood packs to my lips.
I do as I am told and drink the blood.  
Whilst Jamie and I wait for my brother to return, we lie quietly together listening to the peaceful whooshing and crashing of the sea under the magical moonlight.  I realise for the first time, whilst I lie here within Jamie’s protective arms with his fingers gently stroking my hair in a soothing gesture, that I feel completely safe and unguarded in a way that I cannot ever remember feeling before.  
However, it is not long before the thud of David pounding across the sand towards us, interrupts our peace.  “Daisy, here, best I could find.  We’re miles from any humans.  I’ve compelled him.  Take what you need and then I’ll return him and he’ll be none the wiser.”  David rolls a human on to the sand in front of us.  “Do not kill him.”
*  *  *  *
Throughout our journey home, Jamie has been recalling stories of Familiar’s; some good and some evil and in various forms.  He’s says their purpose is to give a sorcerer enhanced power and protection, although apparently due to David’s enhanced strength thanks to vampirism, the channelling puts additional strain on my body and therefore regular feeding is going to be imperative.  Jamie suggests I practice my own power as often as possible to strengthen my ability to absorb David’s power, which in turn will reduce the damage to my body.  Yet in contrast to our lively conversation, David remains mute preferring to gaze pensively out of the window from the back seat.
A bottle of water sitting in the cup holder between Jamie and I gives me an idea of something to practice with.  I unscrew the lid and focus on the water inside whilst recalling my earlier swim.  Inside the bottle, the liquid stirs into a whirlpool and with my fingers I encourage it up through the neck of the bottle like a snake and free it from its container, suspending it in the air for a moment and then returning it to the safety of its bottle.   
“Neat party trick, but it’s hardly threatening.”  Jamie teases next to me. 
I narrow my eyes and draw the water out of the bottle one more time, except this time, I fly it into Jamie’s face, soaking his face and hair.  
“Okay I deserved that.”  He laughs, wiping away water droplets from his hair and face.
“So you know like . . . if my spell was undone, would the channelling have less of an effect on me?”  
“Perhaps.”  Jamie considers.  “We don’t really know either way.  According to Dave you’ve never tested it since you were both vampires, isn’t that right Dave?”
“I’ve been thinking.  I am not sure she will be strong enough to withstand the effects when we attack Acheron.  We need to rethink this.  I won’t do anything that’s going to harm my sister.”  David dismisses.  
Jamie and I glance sideways at each other, but neither of us responds and the car falls into silence again.  
*  *  *  * 
It seems to be taking forever to convince David that I have recovered from my nosebleed and I have not forgotten Medusa’s snipe about him neglecting Elizabeth either, so I am trying as best I can to persuade my brother to go and spend some time with her before the night draws to an end.  It is written across his face that he is torn by his love and his need to protect me.
“David, for Christ sake please go and spend some time with her.  All I’m going to do is have a shower and go straight to bed, I promise.  What more can you do right now?”  
“We don’t know enough about this side effect.  What if you start bleeding in your sleep?”  David is starting to sound hysterical.
“David, I’ve had three blood packs and several pints from a human.  I am fine.  I feel strong.  Trust me.”
“Dave, listen, I’ll watch her like a hawk.  Anything happens I’ll come getchya.  Please go spend time with Lizzy, she misses you.”
“Okay, okay.  Anything happens, no matter how small, you find me?”
“Yes Dave, I promise.”  Jamie reassures and gestures for him to hurry away.
David nods and walks tentatively down the hall, glancing over his shoulder every few steps.
“He’s lost it.”  I sigh.  “We’re immortal for Christ sake.  So I get a bit weak.  Blood sorts that out.”  I rant in frustration.
“Daze, he’s your protector.  It’s his job to refuse to take risks with your health.  It is difficult for him.  He wants to overthrow Acheron and he needs you to do it, yet he fears it will cost you your life and for him that’s not a price worth paying.”
“But you believe it is a price worth paying?”  I narrow my eyes.
“No, of course not.”  Jamie snaps with a look of disgust on his face.  “I believe with training you can withstand it.  I have more faith in you than he does.”  Jamie strides ahead in a huff up the stairs, but pauses at the top.  “Hurry up then.  We promised him you’d rest.”
I amble behind him until we reach the door to my room.  Jamie stops and gives a directive gesture for me to go in first.  
“I’ll be fine.  You don’t have to baby sit me—”  
“—I promised I’d stay with you—”
“—Honestly, I’m fine now.  Like I said to David, I’m going to grab a shower and get to bed.  You’re only a few rooms away and I’ve got my phone.  I will call you if I need you.  Exerting energy causes the bleed, not resting, not sleeping.”  I almost shout, irritated by the unnecessary mollycoddling from both him and my brother.
“Well, I guess there were a couple of things I wanted to catch up on—”
“—Then catch up on them.  Jamie, it’s okay.  I really appreciate your commitment to the promise you made my brother, but really I am capable of surviving a day’s rest on my own.”
Jamie reluctantly nods.  “Make sure you feed again first, okay?  And I’ll see y’ later.  I’ll come and check on y’ okay?”   
I force a smile and close the door, listening to Jamie’s footsteps fade away down the corridor.  It feels good to be alone this time.  
Whilst the warm shower washes away the salty seawater, I think about the evening’s events and wonder how Jamie will deal with David’s sudden refusal to use me in their plan.  After all, Jamie has plotted and schemed for the night when he can overthrow Acheron.  I assume both have probably pinned their hope on my magical ability, so if David insists on not using me, what do they have left?  
Elizabeth’s enviable eloquent scribe decorates a sweet welcoming note on top of the chest of drawers in my room that flows as gracefully as she moves.  It appears that in preparation for my arrival, she shopped for me and selected a range of clothes for almost every occasion as far as I can see which is where Jamie must have found the clothes he got me the other day.  I select a simple black silk chemise from the top drawer of the chest and slip it on.  I hope there will be an opportunity for me to get to know her better, that is, as long as Jamie lets up on his relentless training schedule at some point.  
However, t­­­he cool cotton sheets and fluffy pillows feel exceptionally inviting tonight as I sink into bed.  Even though I have drunk pints of blood this evening, I feel incredibly tired, although obviously, I am not prepared to admit that Jamie or my brother.  Just as I am about to surrender to sleep, an annoying knock on the door disturbs me.
“Come-in.”  I groan, assuming it is Jamie checking in on me one last time.
Instead, Conlan leans against the frame of the door.  His shock appearance steals the breath from my lungs and I clamber to sit upright.
 He moves forward and closes the door behind him.  For a brief moment, he appears to hesitate, but then he marches towards me.  My heart pounds in my ears.
“Do you know what?  I don’t even know why I’m here. . . .”  He is not really talking to me, more muttering to himself, but the expression on his face does not bode well.
 “Conlan, I am so so sorry I hurt you.”  I hurry hoping to keep him long enough to hear me out.  “I thought it was the only way to keep you safe and I need you to believe me that not leaving with you was the hardest decision I’ve ever made.”  I stare down at my hands wringing the sheet nervously, before daring to peek at his face in the hope of finding forgiveness, but hate burns in his eyes, scolding me into silence.
“Why did you come here, Daisy?  I mean you didn’t come here for me, did you?  You left your precious life because Frankenstein left you.  You came here to be with your brother.  It had nothing to do with me.  Yet David insists I owe you an explanation?  I am the one that needs an explanation.
“So tell me, if you had no intention of leaving with me, why didn’t you just let them wipe my memory?  You could have lied and told me you couldn’t turn me.  I didn’t know any better; I would have believed you . . . more fool me.  It was cruel to pretend that you loved me, when the reality was that you were only going to get straight back into his bed.”
“What?  No, you know that’s not how it was–”
“—No I don’t Daisy.  That’s the thing.  I thought we were happy and then this bomb explodes on us and destroys my world in every way possible.  The only certainty I had was that you loved me, but I was wrong.  I trusted you.  I wish I never went back to look for you.  I’d have been better off.”  He looks to the ceiling to avoid me.  “I am only here because I have nowhere else to go.  I tried going back to my human life after you . . . Police were swarming my home, examining the destruction presuming I’d been attacked by a psycho - not too far off the mark with that assumption eh?  And yet all I could think about was drinking them dry of blood.  
“It dawned on me whilst I watched the police question my friends and their growing distress born out of their worry for what happened to me, that I am a ghost now.  Even if I could control my urge to rip into them and drink every last drop of their blood, they’d know something is different, not quite right.  I am dead in the human world and yet I don’t belong here either.  Because of you.  Your brother is a decent bloke, I get that he is trying to do what he thinks is right and for the time being I’m content to support him with that, but that is the only reason why I’m still here.  I am not going to be your toy to use, now that Frankenstein has deserted you.”
“Conlan wait, listen to me, I did what I thought was best for you, because you were everything to me.  I couldn’t bear the thought of them taking you away and turning you into one of those Elite robots.”  
“I don’t believe you.  Ultimately, when it came down to it you chose him.  Actions speak very clearly.”  Anger raises his voice.
I wipe the tears from my eyes and take a breath to hold them back.  “I’ve been with Adam for one hundred years and I never felt the way I felt when I was with you.  Nonetheless, life is complicated, more so when vampirism is involved and we couldn’t just run off into the sunset.  Every action has consequences and I couldn’t live with consequences that put you or David in danger.”
“Your right, every action does have a consequence.  You broke my heart and I will never forgive you for that.  When my mother left me with my cold, cruel father so she could run off with her teenage lover, I vowed I would never let a woman get close enough to hurt me again, but you were my exception and I trusted you.  Yet here I am alone again, unsure of what I am or what I could become.  All I can think about is blood and sex and it’s a constant craving that never let’s up.  I can’t even think straight most of the time—” 
“—It will pass, it’s your mind and body getting used to your new enhanced senses and appetite.” 
His eyes narrow as he leans in close to me.  “You have no idea the damage you did when you chose him.”  The words hiss with the chilling control of a vampire.  “Your brother begged me talk to you.  I figured I owe him for putting me up and helping me out.  Now we’re done.  And you know what?  Now that I’m one of you, you’ve lost your allure, you’re not that special at all¸ in fact I’d say your rather average.  This place is swarming with vampires far more beautiful than you are.  Marianne for example, she is amazing.  I can’t get enough of her and now I’m finding it hard to remember why I ever loved you.”  
He is trying to hurt me to get his revenge.  As he turns to leave, I grab him.  Being much older, l am stronger than he is and he cannot escape my grip.   
“Let.  Go.  Of me.”  He seethes full of hate.
It hurts and my tears overspill into a stream down my cheeks.  “No, you look at me.  Can’t you see how much you mean to me?  Please?”  I sob, losing any dignity I have left.
“All I see is an ugly manipulative selfish killer.”
“HEY!  What the hell is going on in here?  Are you alright Daze?”  Jamie appears like a vision in the open doorway with his arms crossed, wearing very little and looking every inch a fierce ghostly gladiator.
I pause to gape at him, forgetting the pain for a split second.
“Oh look, right on cue, here’s your next victim.  Good luck.”  Conlan charges me with his eyes to ensure I comprehend the extent of his hate.  The shock forces me to release him to allow him to storm from my room.  
Jamie blocks his escape.
“Move.”  Conlan barks
Jamie whispers something to him, but I can’t make it out.  He then takes a sideways step and glares at Conlan until he passes through the door.  
“You need a more mature man, not a baby.”  Jamie teases and wraps his ivory arms around me, crushing me into the comfort of his chest.  “And you thought you could handle a few hours sleep on your own.  Tut tut.”
I cannot hold back the sob rising in my throat.  “I’m sorry, falling apart on you is starting to become a habit.”  I sniff.
“If he weren’t an EC and we didn’t need him.  I’d take great pleasure in kicking him out.  All that bitterness is no good for anyone.”  He consoles, dabbing my eyes with the corner of the sheet.
“He’s right though.  I didn’t leave with him when I had the chance.  If I’d known that all this was here, you were here, then perhaps it wouldn’t have been such a gamble.  I just wanted to do what was right by David, Conlan and Adam and instead I end up messing everything up for everyone.  Perhaps I deserve to be alone.  I’m no use to anyone.”
Wiping a stray tear from my cheek with his thumb Jamie searches my eyes.  “Do you know what I think?  I think you were searching for an escape from a life you weren’t happy with and he was it.  The exact opposite of what you had . . . Perhaps when it came down to it, you knew he wasn’t ‘The one’ either.  Anyway, you’re far from useless, you proved that tonight and you’ll never be alone with me around.  I can promise you that.”



Chapter 10: Trust

For the past few days, Jamie has insisted on babysitting me twenty-four hours a day in order to fulfil his role as self-proclaimed bodyguard and okay, I admit this is not something I am entirely unhappy about.  Jamie is enchanting in more ways than one.
When David stormed into my room a moment ago, just after Jamie and I had retired to bed, (platonically), I thought it was Conlan looking for another fight.  He has resorted to badmouthing me and making up miscreant rumours; no doubt with the help of a certain blond accomplice and now because of him pretty much the whole Alliance despises me.  Fortunately, the rumours are yet to reach David’s ear, which Jamie tells me is down to the reverence everyone feels for my brother and thus they do not wish to upset him and I have made Jamie promise me that he will not be the messenger.  I now wish it was Conlan spoiling for a fight because David has just announced that Adam has been sighted less than fifty miles from here.
“What are you going to do?”  I fear my brother’s reply.
“Capture him, interrogate and destroy him.”  David replies in a matter of fact tone suggesting the answer is obvious.
It is an obvious answer, what else could they do with him?  Adam is an FVC after all, sent out to capture one of their most talented vampires.  If Adam wants any hope of re-ingratiating himself with Acheron, failure is not an option never mind the fact that my brother hates him with acute vengeance and now has the perfect opportunity to enact his revenge.
“Okay, okay so let me help.”  I grab my jeans off the chaise longue and tug them up my legs, stuffing my cream chemise into the top.
“What?”  David looks at me as if I have gone insane. 
“You don’t need to hurt him.  Let me bring him in and talk to him.”  My words get lost under the T-shirt t I am rushing to pull over my head.
“No Daisy.  We will handle Adam.  You stay here with Jay, where you’re safe.”  David shakes his head vehemently for added emphasis.
“No.  I can help.  Nobody, on either side needs to get hurt.  I’ll even let Jamie come with me if that makes you happy.”
“Let?”  Jamie scoffs, propping himself up with a pillow.  “We’re stuck like glue, me and you.” 
I roll my eyes at him.  “David, if you don’t want my help why are you even telling me when you know full well this will drive me crazy with worry?”
“I dunno, I just thought you should hear it from me before anyone else told you.  I didn’t think you’d want to apprehend him yourself.”  David considers my offer again.  He glances at Jamie and then turns to me.  “No, I’m solid on this.  Sorry, but it is too dangerous.  If something went wrong I’d never forgive myself.”
“Ditto.”  I counter, but David ignores me and begins his retreat.  “David, wait, Adam would never harm me.  You know that.”  I plead, running after him.
“Don’t be so naive.  Think about it.  He’s lost everything; his standing; his home; you.  He has nothing left to lose.  We don’t know what state of mind he’s in.  He is almost nine hundred years old and no match for you, not on your own anyway.”
“Nor you.  But Jamie would be with me.”  
“No.  I am your brother.  Your protector.  That is the end of it, I haven’t got time for this, I need to organise a team, we’ve only got a couple hours at best to do this.  Stay here in Jay’s protection.  I will call you once we’ve got him,” David presses a paternal kiss on the top of my head before lowering his voice.  “. . . and I promise you, I will hurt him no more than necessary.”  He then lifts his chin and looks over my shoulder.  “Jay, she is not to leave the house, do you understand me?” 
I assume Jamie gave the acknowledgement my brother was after because within a blink of an eye David has vanished to avoid further argument from me.  Jamie is my only hope.  I turn to him with pleading eyes, hoping he will support me, but knowing deep down he won’t go against my brother, his best friend’s, wishes.  
“Daze, you know he’s right.  We have completed an intensive training programme tonight and you need to rest so let’s get you back into bed and then by the time you wake up it will be over.  If it isn’t I’ll talk to Dave, I promise.”  
“But I can do this peacefully and I’ve never had so much rest.”
“You’ve also not used your power to this extent for a long time and it’s sapping you’re strength.  Dave will deal with Adam.  I am sure that idiot ex of yours will be on hand as well, so there is no danger.  If there were, I would be there at his side like a shot.  We have talented vampires too and Dave will know who to take with him to minimise the risk of anyone getting hurt.  Your duty is to yourself and to me so that we can prove Dave wrong and show him you will be strong enough the time comes.  Now come over here.”
Annoyed that he is sort of right, I pout and saunter over to the bed to where Jamie is kneeling.  There is an intense look in his eyes as he crawls towards me across the bed and whilst I am distracted trying to read him, he slips his fingers inside the top of my jeans and tugs me closer to him.  My heart skips a beat.  As he slowly unhooks each button, I feel his fingers gently nudging my stomach as they brush against the silk of my chemise.  This unexpected moment of intimacy has taken me by surprise and I am so unprepared for the sudden heat exploding inside me that I am forgetting to breathe.  His fingers clasp the bottom of my T-shirt and he peels it off me at a tortuous pace fuelling the charge between us.  Automatically I lift my arms in the air until he pulls the T-shirt free from my body and over my head and for an instant, I’m aware his lips are a breath away from mine.  I am tempted to edge forward and push my lips against his, but I hesitate and he dips downwards sliding the jeans down my legs at a purposely controlled pace to allow the tips of his cool fingers to stroke my thighs.  The scrunched up chemise is set free to unravel and joins Jamie in sensually caressing my skin as it falls.  Further waves of fever swell between my thighs and build a need deep inside me that is desperate for relief by his touch.  
Disappointingly, Jamie suddenly withdraws to the other side of the room, leaving me shivering under a shower of confusion.
“Don’t just stand there, it’s bedtime, get in.”  Jamie grins whilst he shuffles down on the chaise longue with half the length of his legs hanging off the end.  “Sleep tight, Daze.”
Was that really one sided, does he not feel anything?  Was that (Whatever it was) just a cruel exercise of distraction?  
I slump onto the edge of the bed and sigh as I kick away the pile of indigo denim at my feet.  Despite my irascibility, secret fantasies of Jamie ravaging me play rebelliously through my mind, yet Jamie’s behaviour consigns them to just that, fantasies.
“You can sleep on the bed you know?”  I mutter, feeling a mix of hurt, anger and humiliation that he feels the need to remove himself from the spot where he has spent the last few nights.
Jamie turns and winks at me.  “Nah, I doubt you’ll be able to keep your hands off me.  I’m safer over here.” 
“I’m not that desperate.”  I snap.
“Yeah you are.”  He laughs and turns over.
“I’ve managed to restrain myself so far.”  I grumble and throw a pillow at his stupid head.
“Sweet dreams, Titch.”
I huff and tug aggressively at the sheets to pull them up under my chin in an animated fashion in order to prove a point he isn’t even noticing. 
* * * *
The room is dark, so I am assuming I have woken later than usual.  I glance down towards the bottom of the bed to see if Jamie is still sleeping but he has vanished.  Peculiarly, the house is eerily absent of noise too.  My room sits closer than Jamie’s to the communal rooms which normally produce a muffled din no matter what time of the day or night, yet this evening nothing stirs.  I push my concern to the back of my mind and get dressed despite the ensuing silence.  
* * * *
It has been almost twenty minutes since I awoke and yet still there is nothing, not even a creaking floorboard.  This is really starting to creep me out and I am beginning to panic that something has gone wrong or worse.  In all my years, I can remember, I have never experienced such a deafening silence.  Could it be Acheron?  That would explain why I am still alive.  Perhaps he has David; my sense of him seems particularly weak.  I need to think this through; I can’t shout out, it may disturb someone and lead him or her straight to me and I can’t stay here and just wait, I will go insane.  
I open the curtains and look to the moon for inspiration.  It has already settled in the sky for the night and the time on my mobile confirms it is after eight.  My first thought is to ring David, but his number goes straight to his voicemail.  Jamie next.  His number rings several times but then his voicemail takes over too.  The window in front of me gives me an idea. 
As silently as I possibly can, I crawl though the large sash window and cling to the outside wall, thankful for the small ledge that wraps itself around the building.  Whilst I shuffle along, I peek through each window searching for signs of life.  Nothing.  Even on the outside, the estate seems quiet except for feint murmurs of nocturnal animals and the hum from the main road several miles away.  The next two windows belong to Jamie’s room.  Again, I pull myself up to peer in.  The room inside looks undisturbed.  .
The window suddenly flies open.  “What on earth are you doing?”  Jamie laughs, materialising out of thin air
“Jamie you’re here?”  I cry with relief whilst I climb in through the window.
Jamie adjusts his jacket.  “Where do you expect me to be?  I needed a shower and a change of clothes.  This is my room.  Why are you hanging around like a peeping Tom?”  His smug grin is infuriating. 
“B-b-because—” I begin, struggling to order my words to get them to make any sense.
“If you wanted a peak, you only had to ask.”  
“Jamie stop it.  Listen to me, everyone’s gone.  We’re the only ones left, something terrible has happened, I can feel it.  Why didn’t you answer your phone?” 
“I was just about to come down to your room.”  Jamie’s grin evaporates and his playful expression turns cautious.  “The reason the house is empty is because they’ve . . . er . . . managed to . . . er . . . capture Adam.  They’re holding him a few miles away from here.  Most people cleared out a couple of hours ago.  I, er,  spelled your room so it would be silent, to make sure you got the rest you needed.  You underestimate how much this is taking out of you right now.  Anyway, I guess everyone’s over there now.  Curiosity and all that, you know?”  Jamie winces, anticipating my reaction.
“Jamie!  . . .  So where exactly are they holding him?  Will you take me there or am I going to have to track it myself.”  I fire.
“There’s an old bunker inside a hill that we converted into a holding area for prisoners such as Adam or in case things don’t go as planned and we need to go underground.  Look, stay calm and I’ll take you over there.  Dave won’t be happy, but he’ll have to live with it.”
* * * *
Fifty miles from the estate, inside the heart of a forest, Jamie leads me closer to their so-called holding area.  A chorus of cheering and goading rings out as Jamie and I approach.  At the foot of a steep mound, with pine trees spiking out of it like an angry hedgehog, Conlan stands at the front of the pack and absorbs the showering praise from his vampire fan club.
 “Ha.  He was nothing I tell you, just a lumbering heap of rotting meat.  It took a matter of minutes to bring him to his knees.”  He boasts loudly for my benefit, whipping up his audience into a raucous cheer.
“I preferred you as a human.”  I spit, pushing past him to gain access to the entrance.
“You made me what I am.”  Conlan smirks, pumped up by the crowd who back him up with their laughter. 
A sudden fury explodes inside my head that I cannot contain.  I charge him and knock him to the floor, pushing my hand hard against his throat.  “The maker giveth and the maker taketh away.”  I hiss thrusting his head against the ground until it cracks.
Jamie hoists me off him before I lose it completely.  “Daze, Daze c’mon now, he’s not worth it.”  The hum of Jamie’s voice neutralises the red mist, but he throws me over his shoulder anyway and smacks my bottom.  “You’re better than him.  Don’t fall to his level.”  He chides.
I kick and struggle.  However, Jamie ignores me and runs into the entrance of the bunker, leaving the pack to swarm around Conlan. 
“I hate him.  I hate him.”  I scream.
“You know what they say about love and hate.”  Jamie mutters with no humour.
“No, no I really do hate him.  He disgusts me.” 
The hisses and growls in protest of my attack fade away behind us.  As soon as we can no longer hear them, Jamie pauses and pulls me down off his shoulder.
“There you go Titch.”  He sighs and although his thin smile barely covers the concern in his eyes, he takes my hand and leads me down a narrow brightly lit tunnel until we reach a junction of six larger steel coated tunnels.  “It’s this one.  Down here.”  Jamie points to a tunnel on his left.
I bolt down the tunnel without waiting for Jamie.  “David?  David?”  The echo of my voice bounces endlessly around the tunnel until Adam’s groan of pain ricochets, cutting it dead.­­ 
“What are you doing to him?”  I shriek out.
Jamie’s hand clutches my arm.  “Daze, wait.  Be prepared, you may not like what you find.”  
“I know that, but I have to stop this, he saved me once, maybe not in the way I thought but he kept me hidden from Acheron.  David can’t deny that.” 
Reading the desperation in my eyes Jamie loosens his grip and allows me to flee.
Around the next twist, David blocks my route.  “What are you doing here?”  He questions through tightly clenched teeth.
“Jamie brought me.”  I try to side step him.  
David glances behind me and shakes his head at Jamie.
“Take me to him, now David!”
“Fine!”  David grabs my arm and roughly drags me over to a dark cell guarded by two vampires who are slouching against the opposite wall with guns resting over their shoulders.  “You want to see him?  He’s in there.”  He shoves me through the entrance of the cell, triggering the lights to flare.  “You wanted to see him.  See him.”  
Adam groans.  The glare of the lights obviously cause him further discomfort.  He hangs from silver chains several inches thick in the centre of the circular glass cell that reminds me of a giant gold fish bowl and overlooks a larger area with smaller square cells, whilst the foul odour of burning flesh and vampire blood soils the air.  
“Oh my god.”  I mutter.  The horror before me is appalling.
Only the whites of Adam’s eyes burn through the matted hair covering his face.  “You’re . . . okay?  You . . . escaped-Acheron . . . again.”  His words splutter out as he struggles to speak.  “That will really . . .  piss him off.”
I attempt to move closer.  “No Daisy, it’s too dangerous.”  David calls from behind me and grabs my arm again.  His shock tactic has not deterred me.
“Don’t be ridiculous David.”  I snap glaring at his hand around my arm.  Suddenly a surge of swelling energy flows through me.  Images of pushing everyone away from me flip through my mind and a breeze out of nowhere swirls up into a burst of wind that hurls at David sending him skidding backwards out of the cell into Jamie and the other two vampires.
“You’ve remembered then?”  Adam rasps.  
The magical energy dissipates almost as quickly as it erupted, dispensing the now familiar sense of emptiness as my strength drains away and leaves me unsteady on my feet.  A warm droplet trickles down from my nose and lingers on top of my lip.  Before anyone else notices, I wipe it away and head to the centre of the cell to be closer to Adam, whilst trying my best not to stumble.  
“Oh god, what have they done to you?”  I cry.  
Adam manages to produce a thin smile.  “Nothing . . . compared . . . to what the . . . FVOL will do.”  
Up close, I discover that the silver shackles clamped around his wrists and ankles are relentlessly burning his skin, spawning seeping sores.  His grotesque state turns my stomach.  “What happened?  How did they capture you?”
“Your EC.  He’s very powerful . . . The FVOL . . . would have been extremely . . . pleased with you.”    
“Compared to me though, the EC’s power is nothing is it?  You’ve known that all along haven’t you?”  My bitterness is more apparent than I intend.
“Mmm . . . Yes.  I did . . . I can’t deny it.  But I promise . . . what I did was out of deep love for you and nothing else.  I wanted to . . . to protect you and I did everything I could to keep you safe and away from Acheron.”  Adam coughs and splutters again, rattling the enormous chains that reopen healing sores.  “Jealousy got the better of me . . . I knew I’d lost you when I rescued you that day from Hector . . .  .  Got the one hundred year itch eh?”  Adam’s head droops so that he can conserve what little strength he has. 
“Shh.  It’s gonna be okay.”  I try to soothe, but my voice cracks when I realise that his matted hair is damp with blood.
 “No, you must hear me out . . . unbeknownst of who you really were, Acheron would have . . . favoured such a pairing, but when the EC escaped . . . because Acheron knew of my feelings for you . . . he summoned us both.  It’s my fault . . . I put you right in front of him . . . I failed you and . . . for that and I deserve . . . whatever fate  . . . .”
“No, no you don’t.”  I lift his head to look at me.  “Untie him now!”  I shout at David but he crosses his arms against his chest and shakes his head on the other side of the glass.  “Adam, if I get them to release you, what would you do?”
“They won’t release me.  They will torture me for information and then they will kill me.  It’s what I would do.”
“Answer my question.”  I urge.
“I don’t know . . . I can’t go back to the FVOL.”
“Would you join us?  Fight for our cause?”
“I would fight for you Daisy until the day I die.”
I part his hair to press a kiss against his rippled cheek and focus my thoughts on pulling apart the chunky chains until I hear the clattering chains fall to the ground, swiftly followed by a loud thud and the loading of guns.
“Put them away boys.”  Jamie calls out re-entering the cell.  “Wow, Daze must say that was impressive.”    
“Jamie, will you help me help him up?” 
Jamie nods.  “He’s gonna need some blood.”  Jamie notes whilst he helps me to prop Adam up against the glass wall into a sitting position.
“I think you’ve done enough for tonight, don’t you?”  David snarls at Jamie.
Jamie frowns and shakes his head at my brother.  “Daze, I think it’s best if I wait for you outside.”
“Release him and he’ll join us.”  I plead to my brother.
David clutches my elbow and drags me out into the corridor.  “No!  It is too dangerous.  Can’t you see he’s manipulating you even now?”
“No he’s not!  . . . And why is it dangerous, when Conlan took minutes to capture him?  If he steps out of line then Conlan can do whatever it is he does.”  I argue.  “He can’t go back to the FVOL can he?  He would never turn me over to Acheron.  If that was his plan, he’d 'ave done it a long time ago.”
“Don’t be so naive.  Think about it.  He is not stupid.  He will play the obedient puppy and then when the times right, he will strike.  He knows you don’t love him and that it would only be a matter of time before you left him again.  If he were to take you and Conlan to the FVoL, they would reinstate him and give him back his status.  Added to that, he would have the inside track on us and send the FVOL after us.  No, it’s too risky.”
My fists curl at my side, and volcanic fury builds inside me.  “I’m not saying we’d be back together, I just want him to have freedom too.  Okay so I accept that he didn’t save us in the way I thought he had, but David he looked after us when we were held in cells, he treated us well.  He kept us from the assessments.  Have you forgotten that?  And here you are treating him like a dog.”
“Ask him about how he interrogates captured vampires?  I have treated him like a king in comparison.  He’s lied to you since he captured us.  He didn’t have to, he could’ve come clean.  You weren’t likely to hand yourself over to Acheron now were you?  But like I’ve been telling you for like, forever, your relationship was about lies and control.  It makes me sick to think what went on out of my sight.  Conlan told me he struck you and I’m sure that won't have been the first time.  Some knight in shining armour eh?  Why should you trust him now?  You owe him nothing.”
It is useless.  I cannot get through to him.  “What do you plan to do with him then?”  
David straightens presenting his defiance.  “I’ve told you, find out what he knows and then destroy him to remove any further threat.”  
I shake my head, fighting my emotions.  
“Daisy?”  Adam calls out.  “Let him do what he needs to do.  Be with your EC and fate will decide all our paths.  Death will bring peace to me.”  
I glance back towards the broken vampire slumped on the floor and then at David.  “I hate all of you.”  I scream with frustration and run off down the tunnel, mad with my brother for being so cold hearted, furious with Adam for giving up.
“Jamie, please help me?”  I cry once I catch up to him.
“Dave is only doing what he believes is right, for you and for the Alliance.  Adam is too much of a risk.  I know you feel like you owe him your life, but this is bigger than you, this is about taking down the FVOL.”  Jamie defends.
“But you helped me in there?”
“I helped you prop him up.  That’s all.  C’mon let’s get you out of here.  There’s nothing more you can do.”  Jamie puts his arm around my shoulders and leads me outside into the night.  
Conlan has recovered from his cracked skull and has returned to absorbing the adoration from his crowd who remain eager to catch a glimpse of the monster they have snared.  I glance at him for a fleeting second and catch his eye.  For a moment, I am certain that I glimpse a glimmer of concern in his eyes, but as soon as we pass through the crowd, he turns and rallies his audience, escorting them down into the bunker to see the freak show.  
For a while, Jamie and I stroll back at an almost human pace locked in thoughtful silence until Jamie nudges my arm to get my attention. 
“You know, that was an amazing break through tonight, right?  The fact that your magic has that amount of strength already, without the moon or water, suggests your power is going to be amazing . . . and no leaks means you’re getting stronger.”



Chapter 11: Invasion

For the past few nights, I have been living in a haze of numbness and discontent.  This evening however, Jamie has had enough.  He is fed up with my mood and has arrived at an idea to lift my spirits.  Earlier, he borrowed two motorbikes from the garage and now we are zooming through a maze of glittering black roads.  The only stop we make is for a feed from a human couple who have stopped by the side of the road to get frisky.  We take what we need and leave them euphoric, albeit dazed and weak, but by morning light, they will have forgotten it was vampires that made them feel that way.  
The excursion has re-energised the both of us and it has reminded me of what we are all fighting for.  Freedom.  Yet as our temporary home looms, the prospect of returning to it resurrects the reality that my nights consist of avoiding Conlan to bypass more arguments; living with vampires hungry to see Adam tortured to death and battling against David’s over protective fear for my health.  They are not welcoming thoughts.
Voices drifting from the Study catch my attention when we wander back from the garage through the kitchen.  Instead of normal chatter, raised voices jeer and clap as if it is some sort of rally.  Jamie and I pause at the kitchen door to listen.  
“What do you thinks going on in there?”  I whisper.
Jamie shrugs and takes my hand, leading me closer down the hallway to investigate.  The Study door is a couple of inches ajar.  The voices quieten down and a distinct saccharine voice rises up as clear as crystal.
“How could she let that monstrous abomination anywhere near her?  It is disgusting and depraved.  Jamie is my friend, but he and David are supposed to be leading us, yet they pander to her.  She will lead the FVOL straight to us and get us all killed.  I mean who amongst us has actually seen her perform any of this so-called magical power?  I haven’t.  She will—” 
Jamie shoves the door wide open, so that it slams hard against the wall.  “Marianne, that’s enough.  Daisy is not a performing monkey.  She has nothing to prove to any of you.”  The boom in his voice brings the room to order and sends an exciting chill racing up my neck.  
Medusa’s face drops.  Upsetting Jamie was not her intention but I am not about to give her the chance to defend her comments to him.  I want to have my say.
“You are the monsters, not Sir Adam Beaumont.”  I begin.  “You may not be old enough to remember what a knight stood for, but Adam was honourable, protective and loyal.  You taunted him like a wounded animal whilst he was tied up and helpless.  What gives you the right to treat another of your kind like that?  Isn’t that the whole point of this revolution, to stand against such oppression?  Not that it is any of your business, but Adam cared for me.  He protected me, and David.  He deserved more respect.”  Angry tears rise in my throat.  I manage to swallow them down with a hard gulp.  “We need to have civility and compassion to be able to find a proper place for us in this world.  Otherwise, we will be at war forever and our food source will diminish.  Maybe David and Jamie’s vision is impossible, maybe you have all lost your compassion to the darkness vampirism can breed.  Perhaps the FVOL are right and we need to be controlled like robots.”  My words increase at pace with my anger and now I am ranting, furious with their hateful attitudes and desperate to make them hear me.  However, they don’t hear me, they sneer, convinced a traitor and a fake stands before them.  Throwing my hands in the air with frustration, I retreat.  
Behind me more than one set of footsteps approach, I slow, listening to their rhythm, waiting for their move.  When they both pause, I glance over my shoulder.  Jamie stands between me and the other footsteps, blocking my view with his back.
“No you don’t.  You’re to leave her alone.”  Jamie hisses.  “Your poisonous mouth has done enough.”
“Get off me.  I need to talk to her.”  Conlan’s voice argues.  
I turn around and catch his green eyes searching around Jamie as he tries to sidestep my defender.
“Hah.  I am a sorcerer.  Your party tricks don’t work on me you idiot.”  Jamie belittles.  “You’ve made your feelings abundantly clear, now back off.”  He shoves Conlan, who stumbles backwards.  
I rush between them fearing where this could end but Medusa appears tugging at Conlan’s arm.  “Come on sweetie, She’s not worth it.  You know that now.”  
“Conlan, wait.”  I call out barely louder than a whisper, unsure whether I want to hear what he wants to tell me.  
He nods and smiles at her as she links his arm to lead him back into the study.  “You’re right, it was nothing important.”
* * * *
David sits at a large antique oak desk in the musty windowless Library amongst a pile of dusty old books, proper old books, handwritten ones with thick binding covers and vellum pages.  More books of varying sizes and origins fill bookshelves that climb up to the ceiling whilst disordered piles of literature clutter most of the floor space too.
David doesn’t bother to raise his eyes from the page he is engrossed in.  “Where have you been?”  He sounds stressed, unlike himself, but then again we have not spoken since the night in the glass cell.
 “I needed to get away from this place.  It is suffocating.  Have you finished torturing him?  Is he dead?  Is that what you want to tell me?” 
“Daisy, what do you take me for?  Am I not a part of you?”  David lifts his horrified eyes, appearing genuinely upset by my accusation.
“Well if not you, then one of your minions?”
“Daze.”  Jamie hushes me under his breath.
The door creaks behind us and David stands to beckon the visitor into the room.
“Daisy?”  A familiar gravelly voice calls.
My first thought is relief and I want to fling my arms around him and hug him.  However, Jamie ties his arms around my waist preventing me from getting close.  “I’m so glad you’re alright.”  I cry whilst attempting to use my power to release me but my head feels chaotic and it fails.  “Jamie, let go.” 
“Sorry, Daze.  Dave’s orders.”  His refusal is low against my ear.  A sensual caress that even at this moment gives me tingles.
“Your brother and I have reached an agreement.  Let’s face it I am the most successful FVC and I know the organisation inside out.  I know how they think.  I know how Acheron thinks.”  Adam explains, looking more like the vampire I remember before David strung him up.
David sighs and closes the book in front of him.  “I’d like a word with Daisy, alone.”  
“Of course.  I’ll see you soon.”  Adam winks at me, does a military about turn and heads for the door.  Jamie waits a moment and then follows behind him.
As soon as leave, I run over to my brother and hug him bursting with relief that he has kept Adam alive.  “Thank you, thank you. . . .  I guess that explains the bitching in the study.”
“What?”
“Medu-Marianne bitching about Adam and me.”
“Yes, well, she needs to learn to keep that big mouth of hers shut.” 
“I’m sorry for what I said earlier, it’s just he was in such a state and your were so adamant—“
“—You got to me.  I thought about what you said and concluded that perhaps it is better to keep him alive, his knowledge is pretty valuable to us.  However, he will be watched and if he even hints that he may make a suspicious move, he will have secured his execution.  I just hope that my love for my baby sister has not clouded my judgement.  I do not trust him, particularly around you.  He is also under strict orders to keep a distance between you.  If he is caught with or near you, the deal is off.  Do you understand?”     
“Whatever, I’m just so pleased he’s alive.  That’s all I wanted.”
“Good.  See this as your debt to him paid in full and final settlement. You owe him nothing . . . And leave Marianne and her cronies to me.”  David leans on the desk softening his expression.  “On a brighter note, I can feel you’re power returning.  You are getting stronger by the day.  Jay has done well.  I believe you are strong enough now to fend for yourself, certainly against anyone here who would be a threat, so erm, if you wish, I can relieve Jay of his protection duties?  Obviously you’ve still a lot to learn, so the sorcery practice will continue with him, but other than that it will give you some space and independence you’re always banging on about.” 
“No.” It fires off my tongue.  “I mean I still erm . . . I kinda need him around.”  
 David chuckles and raises a knowing eyebrow.  
“I mean . . . er, my power is still hit and miss–”
“—Daisy, calm down.  I won’t say anything.  Besides, Jay seems pretty settled in his role too, he doesn’t have the attention span for strategy planning.”  His smile fades as he moves away from the desk and it is obvious to me he is pondering something.  “You understand that when it comes to it, if I agree to allow you to fight with us, it’s not going to be easy to take Acheron down.  He is very powerful.  I am not sure how powerful.  We were lucky last time, we were close to him, there were no guards and you spellbound him whilst he rested.  This time we’ve got to fight our way to him and I’m worried about how much power you’ll need to do what we need to do and the extent of damage using that amount of power will reap on you.  I am not convinced it is worth the risk.  I’m looking for a plan B and that might have to involve Beaumont and Conlan.”
“I do understand and I’m prepared.  You won’t need a plan B.  Tell me what you want me to do and I’ll be ready.”    
“Well, Jay’s source informs us that the only way to end Acheron’s life in this world is a dagger through the heart, with this dagger.”  David holds up a silver dagger that has little decoration or anything significant about it, other than it is miraculously devoid of any scratches or marks.  The only engraving is a black double V on the hilt.  “This is a Vechi Venator cursed dagger.  It is nine hundred and eighty grade silver.  Acheron is fast, with a powerful mind, it’s not like any normal vampire or elite can walk up to him and thrust this into his chest.”  David makes a stabbing motion with the dagger.  “We need your power to suspend his body and mind, turn him into a statue so that he is unable to react and then drive the dagger through his chest and into the centre of his heart.  You will need to put a spell on the dagger so that it can’t be separated from him, and then we burn him.”
“But surely none of that is beyond Jamie?  He’s stopped me from moving before and blocked me from leaving his room.”
“Yes I heard, but you had no power then and his power is not strong enough to hold Acheron.  Yours will be, with me by your side.”
“So how much time have we got?”
“It’ll be sooner now that we have Adam.  His insight and expertise will be enormously valuable for both training the Alliance and planning the attacks.  News of your escape has brought more faith and more vampires are contacting us to join the Alliance, which is steadily increasing our numbers.  As soon as you’re strong enough we will look to make our move.”
“So this is really gonna happen?”
My brother nods.
“And when we bring the FVOL down, destroy Acheron and his first line of command, will we be free?  I mean, if Acheron wants us because of our power then surely others will fear or desire it once word spreads.”
“I understand that Jay’s source is close to another Elder, a strong and well respected one and Jay believes we can broker a deal with him so that we have protection and freedom.”  
I am sceptical.  “A deal means we need to give up something.”  I sigh.  “. . .  So why are you buried under all these books anyway?”
“They’re ancient history of our kind.  Jay and I found them locked in a hidden cellar of this house.  It charts everything.”  Visible excitement twinkles in his eyes as he explains.  “One day I promise we will be free again, free to live how we want to.”
“I hope you’re right.”  I sigh again, not wholly convinced.  “Thanks again . . . you know, for Adam?  He’s a good man underneath and I know he will prove that to you now that you’ve given him the chance.”  
“We’ll see.”
* * * *
I return to my room to find Jamie sprawled out on my bed.  
“You don’t have to watch over me all the time.  I mean . . . if you wanted to, you could get on with other stuff.  I will be okay here.  It’s nearly sunrise anyway.”  I fish looking for some sort of acknowledgement that he enjoys spending time with me.
“My bed, your bed, doesn’t really matter.  They’re both mattresses and sheets and I don’t really have anything else to do, I’ve done my part for now.  Besides I told you, me and you are stuck like glue.”
“Ah yes David has been telling me about your source.”  I pull a face, feeling a surprise swell of jealousy attack me.
Jamie smirks.  “He has, has he?  Did he show you the Vechi Venator dagger?”  Jamie animates his voice like a narrator of a horror story.
“He did.  The weapon of choice.  How did your source get hold of that?”
“Sorry classified information.”  He grins but he means it.
“I know babysitting me wasn’t what you planned to be doing when you and David dreamed of forming the Brotherhood Alliance.  You must be going out of your mind with boredom by now.”
“A little.”  Jamie’s grin breaks into a crooked smile, he is toying with me.  “David looks after my sister, I look after his.”
“It doesn’t bother you that they’re together?” 
“Does it bother you?”  Jamie counters raising a quizzical eyebrow.  “The way I see it, Lizzy adores Dave, and he adores her.  I know he will do everything he can to protect her and she’s happy.  He could perhaps spend a little more time with her, all work and no play ‘n all that but why would their being together bother me?”
I shrug my shoulders, feeling silly for even bringing it up.  “I dunno.”
“C’mon then, how do you feel about it?”  Jamie pushes and taps the bed in a gesture for me to join him.
“I’m fine of course.”
“Daaaze?  I’ve spent enough time with you to know when something’s bothering you.”
“Well, it’s silly really . . . I’ve never known David to be involved with anyone before.  Obviously he’s laid with women, but he’s never . . . you know . . . fallen in love . . . at least not that I can remember.”  
“Go on answer the question.”  Jamie prompts in a soft tone whilst he traces circles into my back underneath my T-shirt as I kneel next to him on the bed.
“Well . . . I guess . . . Oh god this is going to sound so stupid,” Embarrassed by the thoughts in my head I slide off the bed and pace around it so I don’t have to look at Jamie properly.  “. . .  I’m jealous . . . I’m alone and it feels like he’s slipping away from me, but he’s happy and I’m jealous of that and jealous of you and him and him and her and that I’m not the only important person in his life anymore.  How unbelievably selfish and weird am I huh?”  Cringing over my confession, I bury my head in the neck of my T-shirt.
“You have me?  You’re important to me.”  Jamie’s tone sounds bruised.
“Out of duty, because you promised David.”  I sulk buried in my hiding place.
The room is silent for what seems like minutes, but I still cannot bring myself to look at him.  Jamie pulls me into his chest and puts his arms around me. 
 “I think you should thank your lucky stars that you have the world’s best looking body guard protecting you day and night because your brother needs and loves you more than anything above all else in his life.”  
* * * *
I think I am asleep yet I can hear Acheron’s voice humming around inside my head and it is too real to be a dream but I cannot wake up.  His tone has a tranquilising effect that is clouding my mind and accompanying it is an extraordinary sensation that feels like his velvet fingers are stroking my bare skin.  I cannot shake it off although I am not sure I want to; it feels good and every part of me that is made for pleasure is frantically pulsing.  I reach down and caress my moist throbbing skin, slipping inside where it is warm to relieve a desperate need.  Caught up in the midst of hungry breaths, moans escape from my throat increasing as I rocket towards a glorious peak.  
Like a flick of a switch the erotic sensation changes and now it is twisting into something dark and sinister.  I am afraid and I feel invaded, as if Acheron has climbed inside my skin and taken control of me.  My limbs jerk beyond my control whilst the soothing hum of his voice escalates into manic chanting swelling in my head in an ancient language I do not understand.
A stinging sensation unexpectedly flares across my cheek, forcing my eyes to open.  Jamie’s face is hovering in front me displaying large and fearful eyes and his weight presses down on top of me.  As I stare at him I can see his mouth open and close urgently, but I can’t hear him and I cannot concentrate because all I can hear is Acheron’s manic chant.  Jamie’s face disappears and re-appears with his hands slipping underneath me.  He lifts me off the bed and carries me into the bathroom placing me into a running bath.  My body jerks and splashes in the water still under Acheron’s control.  Jamie jumps into the tub opposite me, stretching his legs out around me and reaches forward to cup my face with his hands to restrain my movement.  I stare into his amazing eyes.  They are strained and plead with me to understand him.  When I glance down at his mouth, it opens and closes forming words I cannot read because of the noise in my head.  It is all so confusing.  Even though Jamie slows down and animates the movement of his lips, the volume of Acheron’s chanting climbs to a scream, fracturing the inside of my skull  and making it impossible for me to process the shapes Jamie’s lips are forming.  
Jamie suddenly soaks me with water and shakes me hard.  For a moment, I recover my concentration.  
Use . . . your . . . power . . . push him away . . . shrink . . . his voice.  Jamie mouths.  
I close my eyes and slide under the water to absorb its energy.  The more I splash about the more the water seems to muffle Acheron’s voice.  It is as if he has dropped underwater with me.  Far away, I can hear the feint sound of the water gurgling and gushing around me. . . .  Acheron is fading into the distance. . . .  And the watery sounds are travelling closer.  Jamie continues splashing me, soaking me with the cold water and it feels fantastic.  Once I sit up, I can feel droplets running from my hair, down my face and all the while Acheron is disappearing into a wonderful silence.  When I reopen my eyes, Jamie’s intense stare is there to greet me.  I smile and he smiles back, the relief visible on him too.  His eyes lift from mine up to the ceiling of the bathroom.  I follow him and discover the water from the bath is tunnelling around us.  
“He’s gone.  I can’t believe we did it.”  I whisper watching the water defy gravity.
Jamie reaches forward and pulls me against him.  “I can.”  He whispers.
 I giggle.  I think the relief and comfort of his arms has made me giddy.  Suddenly the water rains down on top of us because my focus is lost.   Jamie laughs and steps out of the bath.  His glistening wet jeans and T-shirt cling to him leaving little to the imagination and when he smoothes back his pure white hair, it looks like a scene from a perfume ad.  Once again, fantasy sneaks into my thoughts.  
“We need to find David, Acheron’s close.”  He confirms whilst stripping off his t-shirt, aware he is inciting more debauched thoughts.
I don’t know why, but hysterical laughter bursts out of me and as soon as it purges, tears run down my face yet the laughter quickly evaporates turning into a sobbing sea of emotion.  
Jamie lifts me out the bath and wraps his arms around me crushing me against his damp chest again.  “Shhh, be strong.  I need you to get a handle on yourself.  Acheron’s close now and we need to get out of here.  We’ll grab some dry clothes and find David.  Okay?”
I nod and grip tightly to him
* * * *.
After a swift change of clothes, we run straight into my brother in the corridor.
“Daisy, are you all right?  I felt something.  I can’t describe it.”
Jamie steps in front me to get my brother’s full attention.  “Dave, she’s fine, listen, Acheron’s tried to invade her mind.  He was talking to her, chanting, or something.  You know what that means; we need to move and fast.  We’re in no state to tackle him right now.”  
David peers around Jamie.  His concern transforms into an angry glare.  “So, come-on then, what really happened when you were under Acheron’s protection?  Did you feed from him?  Did you let him touch you?”
“What?  NO!”
“He’s our progenitor, the only way he could have that hold over you now is if you fed from him recently or he fed from you.”
“I didn’t and he didn’t—”
“—No?  Okay then, where did you get your blood supply from?”
“Well . . . it . . .  it was brought to me—”
David shakes his head.  “And how did you know whose blood you were drinking?”
“Well . . . well it was in this-this crystal wine decanter, He only drinks fresh blood, and it tasted of human blood—”  As I’m trying to explain it dawns on me just how naive I have been.
“—You stupid, stupid girl, he probably had it mixed with his own blood.  Why couldn’t you have just stuck to the blood packs, at least you would have known what you were taking?”
“Dave, come on, you can’t blame her, and she wasn’t to know.  She doesn’t remember who he is to her.  What matters is that she fought him off, but we’ve got to mobilise and fast.”
“She should’ve been more careful.  He could’ve been feeding her anything.  She’s lucky it was only his blood.”
“No-no wait.  I will leave.  I cannot expect a whole army to uproot to somewhere else because Acheron is coming for me.  I have put you and everyone here in danger.  It is my fault.  If I leave, he’ll follow me and then you’ll have more time to prepare and then you can come after him.” 
“Are you completely stupid?  Do you honestly think I would agree to you going out there on your own; with Acheron hot on your heals; with no protection or back up?  He’d catch you within days and then what?  Acheron wants us both.  Your good but your better with me, and it’s that power he’s after.”  David’s hands charge about angrily as he stomps up and down the corridor.  “We are strongest when we are together.  You protect me as much as I protect you and without each other, we are both vulnerable.  I don’t want to hear any more self sacrifice shit.”  David straightens up like a soldier.  “We are the Brotherhood Alliance and we will act as such.  Jamie and I will announce the evacuation.  We’ve got another safe house we can go to.  Pack what you need and I’ll have our cars ready within the hour.” 



Chapter 12: Intoxication

Our escape involved a labyrinth of roads using various vehicles over several days to ensure we reached the second safe house, located in the sparsely populated rough terrain of the Western Lands, without leading Acheron to us.    
This safe house is a contemporary designed construction that hides within the hillside, far away from any human civilisation.  The front facing elevation is sheathed from top to bottom in specialist-mirrored glass that allows natural daylight to safely flood through the house without affecting us.  Following Jamie’s tour of the property it became clear to me that this vastly smaller accommodation meant very few will reside here, in fact Jamie hinted that they will stay close by in some sort of training camp.  Apparently, my brother is hell bent on getting everyone trained and in peak condition as soon as possible so that he can launch his schedule of attacks. 
“Why aren’t we staying with the others, surely this is going to look a bit elitist?  They hate me enough already.”  I ask as David settles on the navy corner sofa alongside Elizabeth who rests her head against his arm.
“This is a house Jay built for Elizabeth to live in.  It not meant for a hoard of vampires.  Jay built a bunker where the training facility is so she could hide if the FVoL came hunting.  Since Jay and I escaped, he’s been back a few times to renovate it in the event that we need a second safe house.”  My brother leans forward resting on his knees.  “Daisy, look, I didn’t want to tell you this, but I guess you have a right to know, the reason the Alliance members aren’t exactly enamoured with you is that someone is talking crap about you,” As if on cue, Medusa walks through the door with her suitcase.  “. . . and I suspect it has some connection with the traitor that lies within our ranks.  I will get to the bottom of it.”  David continues.  “We’ve got lots of planning to do in the coming weeks and I want to minimise the risk of further leaks.  I can do this here.  Like it or lump it, Jay and I are head of this rebellion and you are my sister and the key to our success.  You will stay where Jay and I can protect you.”
“And don’t forget me, and Marianne and I’m sure Conlan doesn’t want to see any harm come to you, despite your difficulties at the moment.”  Elizabeth’s soothing voice reminds me of Disney princesses.  
Medusa gives a sarcastic smile.
“I’m fine.  .  I can protect myself.  Even you acknowledged that a few days ago. I don’t need anyone’s help.” 
“Er I think you know you need me Titch.”  Jamie smiles crookedly.  “Seriously though, going back to her original point, how can you expect them to fight and protect her if they all hate and resent her?  They don’t know her, they only know the rumours,” Jamie pauses to throw an evil glare at Medusa who tosses her nose in the air pretending to ignore him.  “We need to boost morale.  It’s Lizzy’s birthday in three days, why not use that to bring everyone together, celebrate what we’ve achieved so far and have some fun before the serious stuff kicks in.”
“A party?  We’ve just uprooted everybody because the FVOL are hot on our heels and you suggest throwing a party?”  I question in disbelief.
“Yes, that’s a fantastic idea Jay, I can introduce Daisy to everyone and she can win them over one by one.  Divide and conquer.”  Elizabeth coos as she bounces up and down clapping with excitement.  “Besides, Adam has earned the respect and trust of his trainees, so there is little to hold against Daisy now.”
 “Hmm it could work to boost morale I suppose, and encourage some commerardery maybe.  Well, we’ll have to source some additional supplies from somewhere local.”  My brother agrees working through the details in his head.
Medusa joins in and mirrors Elizabeth like an annoying puppy.  “Oh let me organise it please?  Conlan can help me.”
“Conlan has training to attend.”  David’s refusal is curt.  “However you are more than welcome to take care of the preparations if you wish to do so.”  He adds softening his response.
“Of course I wish, Lizzy is my best friend and it’s her party.”  Medusa, clearly unhappy with David’s tone, sees fit to take it out on me with a searing glare in my direction as she approaches Jamie.  “I’ll need your help too.”  She strokes Jamie’s arm with her fingers and all I can think about is snapping them off one by one.
“Nah, I’ll leave it up to you.  Parties are your forte, Maz, not mine . . . besides me and Daze have got stuff to do.”  Jamie declines and winks at me.  
For once, I do not care what his flirting falsely implies and I cannot help returning her searing glare with a smug smile.  “I think you are all mad.”  I sigh and grab my bag.  “Jamie, I’ll be in my room when you’re ready.”  I coo adding extra honey to my voice for effect.  Childish, but satisfying.
My new room displays less character than the other one.  I like the sharp lines and hidden storage, but it misses a window and this gives it an atmosphere of a cell.  After unpacking my things, I sift through my pile of clothes for something appropriate for a party.  There isn’t much, a couple of pairs of jeans and a week’s worth of Tees because I only grabbed essentials when we left.  In fact, I have not worn a dress for over a year; the last time was at a regional ball thrown by the FVC’s.   
 “So what do you think of my humble abode?”  Jamie interrupts.
“It’s er . . . contemporary.”  I feign impassiveness.
Jamie chuckles.  “You looking for something?”
 “Not really.”  I sigh folding my t-shirts into neat squares.  “I guess this ridiculous party won’t be dressy, considering where we all are.”
“Here.”  A bundle of midnight silk hurtles its way towards me.  “I thought you didn’t like fuelling the gossip?”  He teases with a berating expression.
I love the way Jamie always manages to make me smile.  “Wow Jamie, where on earth did you get this from?”  I gasp as soon as the ball of silk unravels into a stunning bias cut 1930’s dress
“I saw what you packed.  A woman should always have something special for unexpected occasions.  However, I can’t really take credit for it; Lizzy picked it out for you.”
I hold the dress against my body and sway with my hips in the mirror.  “Wow, it’s beautiful.” 
“Mmm. Very nice.”  Jamie grins behind me.  “Now that’s sorted, we need to get back to practice I’m afraid.  It’s more urgent than ever.”
*  *  *  *
Medusa has proved herself impossible in the lead up to tonight’s party and it is a relief to know that within a few hours her services will be exhausted.  It has grown from a simple party to a grand ball.  As Medusa was not allowed to use Conlan, she commandeered Jamie as often as possible, interrupting our training and insisting on needing his help to hang up decorations and collect supplies.  At one point, I almost used her as target practice but Jamie stepped in and calmed me down.  To be fair to Jamie, he didn’t seem pleased to be roped into helping her either.
“Daze?”  Jamie’s voice drifts into the bathroom.
“Hold, on.”  I grab a towel to wrap around me.  “Come in Jamie.”
“Sorry, I didn’t realise you were still in there.”  Jamie beams in a way that recently makes my knees feel weak.
“Wow, you wash up well.”  I compliment, secretly swooning at the sight of him in a dashing tailored suit.  “After Medusa stole you away, I stepped up my target practice and lost track of time.”
He chuckles and eyes me up and down.  “Eh hm.  I’ll have to wait to return the compliment.  I’ll be downstairs when you’re ready.  I just popped up to warn you that the plan has changed and we’re all going over together.”
“All?” 
“All.  The six of us.”  Jamie shrugs.  “You know . . . you ought to tell your brother that Conlan is the poisonous prick behind the hate campaign.”
“We need Conlan.  If I tell him, he’ll do god knows what, the very least being kicking him out.”  
“Well, it’s up to you, but I think it’s only a matter of time before he finds out anyway.  It would be better coming from you.”
“Okay, okay.  I’ll think about it.”
After Jamie leaves the room, out of the corner of my eye I notice something glint under the light of my bedside table.  A closer look reveals a dazzling three stone drop diamond pendant with matching earrings lying nonchalantly on the table.  As if on cue, my mobile vibrates against the table and startles me.  Holding the jewellery in one hand and my mobile in the other, I open the text.
‘A bit of ice to set off the dress.  J x’
Flutters inside my tummy dance around enthusiastically and several moments pass before I realise I have been staring at the message for longer than necessary.  It is only the sound of Elizabeth and David’s voices carrying along the corridor that disturb my daydream and prompt me to hurry up.  
I turn my focus to my hair and pile it up, allowing a few strands to escape to soften the frame of my face before applying my makeup; smoky eyes with blood red lip-gloss to enhance the features of my face.  The ridiculously high peep toe platforms that Elizabeth forced me to borrow from Medusa fit perfectly and then finally, I slide the silk dress over my naked body.  The soft silk caresses my skin creating waves of subtle exciting shivers as it flows to the floor, a stimulating sensation that only provokes further indecent thoughts of Jamie.
In spite of being a vampire, which, pretty much assures a high level of grace and co-ordination, it’s been a while since I’ve worn heels this high in a dress as revealing and sensual as this so I take extra care to glide down the stairs.  As soon as they hear my footsteps, I notice everyone in the room pause and watch my slow descent, even Conlan.  I would be lying if I didn’t admit that the power gives me tingles all over.  Medusa curtly folds her arms and pounds Conlan with her jealous glares, yet to my amusement they are wasted on him because he cannot take his eyes off me.  A small victory, yet in this moment I realise that whatever it is that Conlan and Medusa are or aren’t doing doesn’t matter to me anymore, all that matters is that Jamie notices me. 
 With a warm smile, Jamie steps forward and gallantly holds out his hand for me to take.  “You look radiant.”  He whispers against my hair.  “The ice suits you.”
“Thank you.  I feel incredible.”  I gush like a schoolgirl at her first prom.
Elizabeth opens her arms out for a sisterly embrace.  “Gosh Daisy, you look beautiful tonight.  As soon as I saw that dress I knew it would look sensational on you.”  She flatters.
Her dress is a delicate corseted emerald dress that pushes up her small cleavage and hugs her tiny waist emphasising the full-length A-line skirt.  
“I love it, thank you, and you look stunning too.”  I smile accepting her hug.  
From across the room Medusa huffs loudly and tugs at Conlan’s arm so she can drag him through the door.  “Come-on Come-on, we’re late as it is.”  She grumbles.
Outside a Hummer awaits.  David and Elizabeth slip into the front and start up the engine.  I climb into the back and sit down opposite Conlan, preferring to face him instead of Medusa.  Jamie follows behind me, sits to my right and stretches his arm casually along the back of my seat, apparently ignorant of the escalating tension, which builds as soon as the doors lock us into this confined space.  
Once we head off road, the ride becomes enthusiastically bumpy because my brother fails to alter the speed for the rugged terrain.  Normally this wouldn’t bother me, however dressed to the nines sandwiched between Jamie, Conlan and Medusa, the jerky ride forces me to grip to the seat for dear life.  I succeed until one sudden dip to the right takes me by surprise and catapults me into Jamie and I end up clutching his leg high up without meaning to. 
“Steady on Daze, wait till we’re alone.”  He teases holding my gaze for a moment longer than necessary.
Embarrassed by my own thoughts, I look away and catch Conlan narrow his eyes at Jamie.  Medusa notices Conlan’s reaction and turns her scowl on me.  The tension feels as if it will explode at any moment, yet Jamie still appears unaffected and secretly strokes the back of my shoulder with the tips of his fingers.  “You look beautiful tonight.”  He whispers softly against my ear sparking shivers along my neck and down my spine.  
“David are we nearly there yet?”  Medusa abruptly snaps, but the Hummer pulls to a stop answering her question.
The cleverly disguised, almost invisible entrance to the underground training facility hides inside the trunk of an enormous tree and appears to be nothing more than a rabbit hole.  One by one, each of our party disappears through the hole until only Jamie and I remain.  
“Go-on we’ll catch you up.”  Jamie yells down the hole.  “Daze, you ready?  I’ll go first and catch you.”  
“I can jump down a hole.”  I mutter but Jamie has already vanished into the hole.
  As soon as I drop through the small opening, I fall into Jamie’s arms and his hands slip across my dress.  His touch against the silk, against my skin, flames the heat that has been simmering relentlessly since I put the dress on.  I pause for a moment too long, distracted by the arousing dress, with my arms around him.  Meanwhile his hands slide down to the exposed skin at my lower back.  
“Are you okay Daze?”  He asks in a honeyed tone.
“Erm, yes fine . . . sorry . . . Thank you.”  I fumble, locked into him.  “We’d er . . . better hurry and catch up.”  I doubt I can control myself for much longer.
 “There’s no need to rush, I know the way.”  Despite his inviting tone, caution flickers across Jamie’s face and then he sighs, changing his mind like the wind.  “. . .  Hmm.  You’re right it wouldn’t look good if we’re late.  Let’s go.”  
His behaviour drives me mad.  I can never really tell what he is thinking or feeling.  There are fleeting moments when I believe he wants me as much I him, but within the next breath I can stake my life on the fact that it is the furthest thought from his mind and he is just a big tease.  Ugh, he is so frustrating!  I am so frustrated!  However, if we are destined to be nothing more than friends, declaring my feelings could ruin that and I daren’t risk it.
Jamie and I descend through a dark corridor until, after several hundred steel steps, twinkling fairy lights greet us lighting a further tightly winding stone tunnel.  The air between Jamie and me remains strangely charged, but neither of us has uttered a word and the others are now just ahead of us.  The final bend opens up into a spherical steel-coated room as large as a grand ballroom, decorated in flower and berry garlands with a thousand more twinkling white lights crisscrossing the room.  A large four-tier diamond chandelier hangs above the crowd whilst underneath it, tables dressed in white cotton with emerald silk sashes flank the outskirts displaying a buffet of blood, alcohol and nibbles.
As soon as Elizabeth takes her first step inside the room, a chorus of Happy Birthday erupts and she claps the five hundred or so vampires in the room.  Adam’s rough gravelly voice slices through all the rest and he stands out amongst them.  Adam and I make brief make eye contact and he winks and raises his glass of blood but a harsh knock against my shoulder distracts me and forces me into Jamie.  
“Idiot.”  Jamie mutters and rubs my shoulder whilst Medusa teeters after Conlan, slinging an evil eye at me.  “If this weren’t a celebration I’d cause him some real pain.”  Jamie adds glaring after Conlan, who appears to clumsily trip over his feet into an undignified heap on the floor.
  “Tut, tut Jamie.”  I whisper grinning like a Cheshire cat as I watch Conlan return to his feet and become agitated by Medusa’s fussing, “If he bothered me that much, I’d do it myself.”  
“Music, Music.”  Medusa shrills over the rumblings of the crowd and Elizabeth’s favourite piece of classical music obediently fills the room.
“After this piece, me and Dave are gonna give a bit of a pep talk, you gonna join us?”  Jamie asks gesturing for me to follow him.
“Nah I don’t think so, I’ll wait here with Elizabeth.”  I smile and link my arm in hers.  
* * * *
David and Jamie’s rousing speech bestows the room with a sense of destiny and excitement for the future.  The Alliance hang on every word and for the first time I can really see that they are the leaders of many and that perhaps success is not so far from reach.  
Elizabeth tugs on my arm taking a cue from the fading cheers and applause and begins her tour of the room.  She introduces me to each member and Jamie follows discreetly behind us, resuming his role of bodyguard, yet still managing to charm and converse when addressed.  
My cheeks ache from having a permanent winning smile for each new acquaintance and their names swim around in my head.  Elizabeth is trying to be helpful by including an interesting anecdote or fact about each one, but my focus is desperate to wander back to Jamie who stands several steps away politely flirting with three females, whose names I have now forgotten.  It hurts to see him produce his familiar cheeky patter and seductive glances to charm them in a way that he often does with me to get me to do what he wants and now I feel stupidly foolish for hoping that he feels something more for me. 
“Ah-ha, there you are.  Daisy, please excuse my beautiful girlfriend, I am duty bound to lead her on to the dance floor for a birthday dance.”  David bows like a prince in a fairytale and escorts his princess to the centre of the dance floor.
Jamie comes up behind me.  “Now you’ve met just about everyone, would you like to dance or get a drink?”  He offers.
“I suppose we could have a dance.”  I agree, preferring to have Jamie tied up with me rather than charming a handful of swooning female vampires under my nose.  Besides, I enjoy dancing and it is rare I get the opportunity.
In my stiletto heels, I can just about reach my hands up to Jamie’s shoulder without looking like a child dancing with their father, although it still feels somewhat awkward.  Yet as we sway to the music and Jamie’s fingertips stroke my exposed back, which again raises goose bumps all the way up my spine, I find I am able to I relax and our bodies naturally come together, barely moving, just locked into each other.
 “What are you thinking?”  Jamie whispers against my hair.
“Dunno really.  I guess I’m kinda content when it’s just the two of us, I feel free, as if this is how it should always be.”  I reply wistfully and perhaps too honestly.
“Daze, I’m not sure if I can . . .” There is tension in his jaw as he speaks and it floods down through his shoulders and arms.  Although he has not let go of me the atmosphere is forcing us apart.  I glance up to read his eyes but they stare across to the other dancing couples, purposely avoiding me.
A humiliating pain splinters through me.  Embarrassed, I take a step back, hoping it will give him the excuse to release me.  What I really want to do is sprint away and hide but I hate the thought of causing a scene in front of the whole organisation and most of all I don’t want him to know just how deeply his words have just cut me.  Yet still his arms refuse to release me.  
I gulp my swelling emotions down and focus on his chest, to cowardly to face his cold eyes.  “I need to go I’ve just remembered I need to speak to my brother. “  It comes out cool and snappy.
His grip tightens and he pulls me into him.  “No, not yet, Titch,” I recognise the smug smirk in his voice.  “We haven’t finished our dance.  I er . . .”
   I do not understand him.  I reconsider struggling free, but there is little point unless I want the entire Alliance to witness my humiliation so I have to put up with him until this bloody piece of endless music reaches its final note.
 “. . .  Maz did a good job didn’t she?”  Jamie suggests in a convivial tone, as if what has just been said never was.
Stunned by this, I cannot respond.  I do not know how to respond.
Jamie tugs me against him, pressing our bodies firmly against each other and releases a deep heavy sigh.  
In spite of the hurt I am feeling, heat stubbornly soars inside me forcing me to inhale deeply just to compose myself.  What game does he think he is playing?
“I suppose it’s her talent, although not one that’s any use to Acheron.”  He continues.
“What?”  Is he just talking for talking sake in the hope that I will forget this?
“I know you dislike her.  She is an acquired taste, but don’t be too hard on her.  She had a difficult human life and her vampire life hasn’t been a bed of roses either.”  Jamie proceeds with his conversation diversion and refuses to invite any space between us.  His schizophrenic behaviour both infuriates me and confuses me. 
“That surprises me; she easily wraps you and Conlan around her little finger.”  I sneer.
“I’m wrapped around no-one’s finger.”  He pauses to defend, mirroring my tone before calming down.  “She is my sister’s best friend and she’s actually very insecure.  She behaves the way she does because she’s intimidated by you.”
“Puh” I refute.
“Look at it from her point of view.  She’s found a guy she likes and they’re having fun and she’s thinking she could really like him, you know?  Then the prophesised Bellwether Sorceress arrives, ex lover of the guy she’s with, his progenitor and potentially the most powerful vampire of all time.  She knows you want him back and she knows he’s still in love with you, although he’s acting like the biggest prick right now.  Maz ain’t stupid; she knows it’s only a matter of time.”  I can feel Jamie venting controlled anger through his body but I am not sure if it is sparked by my lack of compassion or Conlan’s treatment of his precious Maz.
I am about to speak but Jamie releases me into a twirl before catching me in his arms and leaning me back into a dip.  His warm breath caresses my chest and beneath it, my heart throbs frantically.  
“When Maz was human she was the daughter of a very wealthy and powerful family and being beautiful and vibrant she held countless admirers in awe of her.”  Jamie draws me up close against him.  “However, her father was an avaricious man who sought more and more power.  A time came when in exchange for his only daughter’s hand in marriage, he agreed a business deal that was supposed to expand his investment portfolio and increase his profits tenfold.  Being the greedy man that he was he didn’t bother to investigate what type of man he was marrying his daughter to, he only cared about the investment and insisted on having the wedding as soon as possible.  Meanwhile, Maz only met her Fiancé once, briefly, before their wedding day and although she was not enthralled by this ageing man she would soon call husband, she loved her father and resolved to do what she could to make the marriage work and threw herself into the wedding arrangements.”
“Sounds about right.”  I mutter, unmoved by his story so far.
“Yes well, unfortunately for Maz, she quickly discovered that nothing she did pleased her husband because he was a cruel vicious man.  As soon as the honeymoon ended, the beatings began and whenever it took his fancy, he would force himself on her.  As if that weren’t enough cruelty to endure, within a few months he ruined her father leaving him penniless and broken until he died not much later.  Maz had no family to turn to, no allies.  No one.  Everyone she knew either was charmed by her husband or feared him.  
“So surely you can find some empathy for how hopelessly trapped she must have felt?  You know what it meant to be a woman in those days, especially when married to such a powerful businessman.  Then again, you have no memories of that era, so perhaps you can’t.”  Jamie shakes his head.
His words prickle, but a little empathy is starting to emerge for Marianne.  It cannot have been easy to survive under such desperate circumstances.
“So, anyway one day a business acquaintance of her husband’s entered her society circle.  He was young, driven and charismatic with a libertine’s reputation.  He seemed unaffected by her husband and for several weeks, he dared to subtly woo her until she succumbed.  This man was everything her husband wasn’t; gentle, energetic, funny and Maz fell in love, so much so that it became difficult for her to hide her feelings in public and rumours quickly circulated.  
“Her husband grew increasingly embarrassed by the gossip until one night he exploded with rage and rampantly beat her to the brink of death.  The sadistic bastard just left her lying on the bedroom floor and disappeared.  Fortunately, for Maz, one of her maids found her and sent a message to Maz’s lover for help. 
“Obviously unbeknownst to everyone, Maz’s lover was in fact one of us.  Apparently, the sheer brutality of her injuries shocked even a vampire, and so much so that he couldn’t bear the thought of her dying at the hands of her brutish husband, so he saved her by bestowing his gift.  
“He fled with her to Paris and for a couple of years they lived happily.  During their third year, her lover grew restless.  He had an insatiable appetite for blood and sexual delinquency.  When he disappeared for weeks on end to satisfy his needs, Maz turned a blind eye because she loved him and was afraid to be on her own.
“However it was during one such period of absence, that by, what you might call an amazing coincidence, Maz’s path crossed with her husband’s when she was out strolling in the evening looking to satisfy her thirst  She caught sight of her husband and a woman she presumed was his new wife, across the street.  She didn’t approach them, instead she waited and spied on them for a few days consumed by her desire for revenge.  Just like Maz, her husband’s new wife was young, pretty and from a wealthy family.  After a few days of plotting, Maz enacted her revenge.  She slipped into their hotel room and silently compelled his new wife.  Maz may be a bitch, but she has a sense of morality.  Her replacement didn’t deserve to be murdered for her husband’s acts.”
“So what did she do to him?”  I whisper, drawn into his story.
“She made him suffer.  You don’t want to know the details.  That’s between Maz and her husband.  However, her pain didn’t end with her revenge.  When she returned home, she found her lover in a compromising position with four other women.  Maz could not overlook her lover’s indiscretions in their own home.  Empowered by her act of revenge she packed her things and left.  She returned to her marital home to claim her inheritance.  She then spent time travelling and that’s when she met Lizzy and I.
“So I guess the point of what I’ve told you is that all her life Maz has longed to be loved and desired by someone who will be devoted to her and only her.  You on the other hand are lucky enough to have more than one man devoted to you—”  
“But—” I mutter.
“But she’s never experienced that kind of deep love.  So just bear that in mind, yeah?”
“You sound like you have strong feelings for her?”  I wince at how much the thought hurts.  
“Eh hm.”  Adam interrupts appearing out of nowhere.  “Can I cut in?” 
I am about to politely decline when Jamie replies.  “I suppose as it is a party Dave would allow it.  Just make sure you return her safe and sound.”  He smiles at us both and walks away without answering me.
“I’m not a piece of luggage.”  I mumble, annoyed that he easily walks away without even a second glance.
“Wow my sweet, you look exquisite tonight.  In fact, I have never seen you look as radiant.  Everyone in this room has their eyes on you. . .  If you were still mine, I’d steal you away somewhere very private.”  Adam lowers his voice so that it purrs into my ear.
“Thank you.”  I smile thinly.  “I haven’t been able to thank you for helping us.  I know it goes against everything you stand for.”  I add attempting to move the conversation somewhere less intense.
“Not really.  I fight for what I believe in.  Acheron found me at such a dark time in my life.  I’d lost Eva and fighting numbed the pain.  Over the years, I have become complacent.  You are what I should fight for.”
“I don’t know if we can go back there now . . .” I begin, but Adam hushes me pushing his finger against my lips whilst his other hand slips a piece of paper into my hand.
“It’s no secret that I love and desire you with every fibre in my being, but I’m not naive, I’m aware that your feelings for me have become, shall we say lost?  . . .  It is unfortunate recent events forced us apart and I am sorry I resorted to threatening you; I hope you can understand that it was only because I was terrified of losing you.  Whatever I threatened or inferred with my actions, I could never hurt you in anyway.  I am not the monster I was.  You have changed me.  You have mellowed the part of me that needed to hate.  I owe you my life and my loyalty and I would rather be part of your life in some other way than never see you again or give you reasons to hate me.  When this is all over, you will have a lot of power that you will need to use wisely.  You will need people to support you and protect you, and it will be difficult to be certain of who you can trust.  I want to be there at your side.  You can trust me with your life and you know that.  I would never betray you.”
“I know.  I never meant to hurt you either.  Things happened in such a whirl that I couldn’t stop them.  I’m not sure that I deserve your loyalty.”  I swallow hard struggling to contain my emotions.
 Once again, Adam’s deep voice dips as he leans into whisper his words, allowing his breath to caress my cheek.  “You never know maybe at some point during eternity you’ll rediscover your love for me. . . .  Oh dear, your brother is on his way, so I think it is best I find another dance partner.  Take care, my sweet.”
David’s face looks like thunder as he strides towards me, only pausing briefly to dart a threatening glare as he and Adam pass each other.  “You okay?”  He asks scowling at Adam’s retreat to the other side of the room.  “Just because this is a party, doesn’t mean he can break our agreement.”
“I’m fine David, Jamie said it was okay.  Adam didn’t break your stupid agreement.”  My voice cracks under the weight of the emotions I am fighting to hold back.  The evening is not fun like it promised.
“What did he say to you?”  David presses whilst examining the emotional wreck stood in front of him.
“No, nothing, he’s an honourable man David.  I know you don’t see it.  But deep down he really is.”  
“Let’s just agree to disagree eh?”
“David?”
“Mm.”
“Are . . . Jamie and Marianne . . . you know?”
David laughs.  “No, Daisy, Jamie and Marianne are not together.  He thinks of her like an annoying little sister, and that’s when he’s feeling charitable.”
“Do you think that’s the way he thinks of me too?”
David laughs again.  “No, Daisy, he definitely does not think of you as a sister of any description.”  David stops laughing and puts his arm around me.  “Jamie doesn’t talk much about what happened to him in between becoming a vampire and getting caught up in the blood wars, but I kinda get a sense that he got hurt pretty badly by someone.  Give him time eh?  Besides you don’t need to be rushing into anything right now either, now do you?”
My head droops and I shake my head in agreement.
“Ah ha, Jeremy is over there, I’ve been looking for him all night.  He is our technology expert, I need to speak to him.  You stay away from Adam, you hear me?”
“Yes David.”  I nod as he rushes off and I open my hand to take out the hidden piece of paper.  On one side, there is a mobile number on the other a note that reads:
My new number, if you need to talk – about anything.  S.A.B 
I slip the piece of paper into my shoe and wander through the crowd.
* * * *
Since my brother left to network with his guests, I have had one dance partner after another with little opportunity to soothe my creeping thirst.  At least the party has livened up; lots of dancing; a few scuffles and even some singing.  However, Jamie’s confusing behaviour, my guilt about Adam, the endless twisting around the dance floor and creeping hunger is plaguing my mind and I am feeling rebellious.  For once, I want to feel free of my inhibitions and responsibilities and lose control.  Just for a little while, I want to forget about everything, be free, and have fun.  
Finally, I manage to make my excuses and escape the dancing so that I can investigate the refreshments on offer.  Although I am hungry, the option of alcohol tempts me too.  For as far as I can remember I don’t think I have ever really indulged.  I am aware that if I satisfy my craving for blood first then the alcohol will have minimal effect and as it is the relaxing effect of the alcohol, I want to explore, I will have to suppress my craving a little longer.  I survey the array of alcohol concoctions, inhaling their subtle aromas, but I find a decanter filled with a liquid that has a smooth seductive fragrance; liquid honey infused with a smoky scent, which entices me to taste it first.  I glance around the room to ensure neither my brother nor Jamie will step in and spoil my experiment.  My brother is across the other side lost in Elizabeth’s eyes and Jamie is nowhere to be seen.  It seems ridiculous, but I feel like an underage teenager about to steal a swig of alcohol at her parent’s party.  
I hesitantly drag a glass across the table towards me, hiding it with my body.  Quickly I spill a drop of the liquid into it and then casually glance around the room to ensure no one is watching me, before taking a sip.  
The alcohol slides down my throat easing the burn of my hunger with its coating.  I pour a little more, filling a third of the glass and knock it back.  One glass turns into two, three . . . eight glasses and I can feel the shift in control as my body relaxes and succumbs to the liquid.  The lust for blood is still present, but it’s eased, fading into the background whilst the weight of my worries lift, numbing the hurt and sending my head into a spinning whirl transforming me into a silly giggling girl.  I down more glasses filled from another bottle, unable to count because my mind is fuzzy.  I attempt to shuffle away from the empty bottles over to the dance floor, but my legs no longer belong to my mind.
“Daaa-ze, what exactly do you think you are up to?”  Jamie sings behind me, catching my arm to steady me just in time.
The sudden emergence of his voice startles me and I stagger clumsily to the right.  “’Avin some fuuun.”  I announce, falling into giggles at the peculiar slurring of my voice.
“Okay, well I think you’ve had enough whiskey for one night.  I think I’ll take you back before you cause trouble.”  Jamie doesn’t wait for my agreement and scoops me up into his arms.
“No-no-n-no.  Juswonmoor.  I am jus’ startin’ to ‘ave some fun.”  I hiccup.  The release of control is almost as intoxicating as the whiskey.  
“I don’t think so.”  He laughs.
“I’ll cas-a-spell o’er you.”  I wag my finger in his face.
“I’d like to see you try in this state.”  He laughs; a gloriously musical sound that makes me gush inside.
“Oh Jamie, why do you have to love her, why ca-you lo-me instead.”  I slur, hoping that I didn’t actually say that aloud to him.
“What?”
“What?”
“What did you just say?”  Jamie presses.
Oops, I think that may have come out of my mouth.  “N-othing.”  I hiccup.
“Yes you did.”
“Ah nothing . . . you just don’t wan-me.”  I feel sleepy.
*  *  *  *
When I awake, somehow, I am sitting in my bed.
“Here drink this,” Jamie thrusts a tall glass filled to the top with blood into my hand and pulls the covers over me.  “It’ll sober you up quicker.  Now get some rest and sleep it off.”  His kiss finds my forehead.  “I think it’s best if I stay in my own room tonight.  You will be fine here.  Everyone will be partying 'til dawn anyway.  I will see you tomorrow.  Okay?”  His voice drifts and my mind disappears.
*  *  *  *
The sudden creak from a floorboard brings me back to life with a jolt.
“Shhh, it’s only me.  I need to talk to you.”  Conlan whispers sitting down on the bed beside me.
“Oh get out Conlan, not now.”  I whisper back.  For the first time I can remember, I have a clouded head and I am in no mood for a slanging match.
“No, I’ve been waiting to catch some time with you, but all night you’ve had your chaperone trailing you.  I need to talk to you now, before he returns.”  
“Fine then what is it, what’s so important?”  I surrender, pulling my knees up to my chest feeling a little relief that Jamie hasn’t seen fit to undress me before putting me to bed.  
In one swift motion Conlan leans forward and presses his mouth against mine, taking me by surprise.  It is so unexpected that for a second the familiar feeling of his lips against mine takes me back to London and I want to stay there . . . until something snaps inside and wakes me up.
“Wait, wait . . . what are you doing.”  I gasp for breath and push on his chest to create some distance.
“I’m sorry Daisy, sorry for what I’ve said and the way I’ve been.  I didn’t mean to go as far as I did, I just sorta got swept up with wanting to hurt you for what you did to me.  Most of what I said was just out of spite and I’m sorry.”  Conlan pauses and looks up from under his long brown lashes with a big charming grin.  “You know the truth is you’d bring gods to their knees with your beauty and tonight, boy did you take that to a different level.  Christ, you’ve been swimming around in my veins since the day I escaped and no matter what I’ve tried to do I can’t escape from you—”  He rubs his hands over his stubbled head.
“Con—”
“—No hear me out.  Let me explain.  When I escaped, after you deserted me, this-this swell of anger exploded and literally shook the ground beneath me.  I was convinced I’d sold my soul to the devil.  For weeks, blood and sex were everything.  I fed and fucked furiously desperate to wash you away.  It wasn’t ‘til David found me and helped me that I managed to sort my head out a bit.  He asked Marianne to help me adjust to all the changes and stuff, going on inside me.  Then just as thought I was in control again, we went and rescued you.  I couldn’t deal with seeing you-wanting you-hating you.  It took me right back to square one-and yes I used Marianne-and no I’m not proud of that or that I’ve being saying this shit about you, but after I heard how you pleaded for that monsters putrid life, I can’t describe how furious it made me.  It felt like you were choosing him all over again. 
“But then I found out a few days ago that you’re not with him and the way you looked at him tonight wasn’t the way you used to look at me.  It hit me like a tonne of bricks; I’ve been such an idiot.”  Conlan eyes glow bright with hope.
“You wouldn’t listen to me, you wouldn’t let me explain that the only way I was able to see you that night in the cell was to make a deal with Adam.  I got one hour with you and he got an eternity with me.  There was no time to think it through or think about what would happen if I did get you out, only that my promise to him would give me the chance to redeem myself for putting you in danger in the first place.  Adam is not someone you can double cross without enduring horrific consequences.”
“What?  So you are his?”
“No, no the turn of events prevented our pairing from happening.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t trust you, but with hindsight I still think you made the wrong decision, I hardly broke out a sweat when I captured him.”  Conlan smiles with a fiendish edge.  “ . . .  Look I’ve been thinking a lot about us and what we had, you know, before all this and perhaps I was a bit hasty for not giving you a chance before and well now I’m thinking more clearly . . . well I’m willing to, you know give it a—”
 “—Whoa whoa whoa, wait a minute, let me get this right.  I put on a sexy dress, and suddenly you decide you want me now and that you can forgive and forget?  And because you are finally satisfied that I am not in love with Adam, you decide you can trust me after all?  And I’m guessing I’m just supposed to roll over and forgive all the hateful things you have said about me so that we can go back to the way things were?”  I shake my head in disbelief.
“Well, no, sort of –” Conlan tries to protest.
“—And what about Marianne?  Where does she figure in this now, ‘cause you looked pretty together this evening.”  I don’t know why it suddenly matters, but I feel a pang of sisterhood, maybe Jamie’s story has got to me.
“At the end of the day me and Marianne is just a bit of fun.  It is you I love and it is you I want.  What’s stopping us now?”
“I don’t buy it.  Okay, I can accept that you may have been hurt by my decisions despite the fact they saved you from a fate worse than death, but since I’ve arrived you’ve been vile, deeply hurtful about me and whether or not you and Marianne, never mind all the others, are just having fun,  I’m sorry but those wounds are too deep.  Yes, with hindsight, perhaps everything would have been okay if we had escaped together, but I did what I thought was best for you and my brother at the time.  If the first time our love is tested, you sulk and do whatever you can to hurt me, then maybe I made the right choice.  The transformation has changed you.  You are not the man I fell in love with.  You’ve been darkened by your bitterness and hate.”
“What are you talking about?”  Conlan snaps and his face crumples into an annoyed frown.  “Am I not supposed to feel hurt when you pick another man to be with over me?  Was I just supposed to wait around until you decided that you’d made the wrong choice and welcome you with open arms?”
“No, but I thought you would have trusted me, given me the benefit of the doubt and allowed me a proper opportunity to explain instead of taking every opportunity to hurt me and destroy my character so that the very people that my brother is trying to free, hate me.  At the end of the day, we cannot change the past and quite frankly I don’t believe you will ever be able to forgive me for the choice I made.”  My fury is rumbling in my chest ready to burst out all over him.
“You’re wrong and I’ve apologised for the way I’ve behaved, let me make it up to you.  Tonight woke me up to how much I still love you.  Daisy, listen to me please, this will be our last chance.  It is not easy for me . . .  to let you in again.”  Despite his pleading words, his eyes grow dark and I shake my head refusing to accept what he is offering.  “If you love me as much as you say you do, then you’ll forgive me as I have forgiven you.  I’m warning you there won’t be another chance.”  The chilling tone of his vampire persona reveals itself.
“That’s just it Conlan, I did love you, enough to risk everything to save you, but you stamped it out and now it’s gone.  I no longer need your forgiveness,” I take a deep breath.  “. . .  Nevertheless, I am willing to accept your apology and forgive you, but I want nothing more from you.  Now will you please. . .  Leave.”  I emphasise calmly.
 “Hey?  What’s he doing in here?  You okay?”  Jamie appears at the door, wearing only his suit trousers.
“It’s fine.  Conlan is just leaving.”  I call to Jamie but my glare remains locked with Conlans.
“You’ll regret this.”  Conlan sneers and rises off the bed.
I shake my head unaffected by his threat whilst Jamie growls and squares up to him.  “What did you just say to her?”  .
“Jamie, it’s fine.  Just let him go.”
Although Jamie agrees and sidesteps out of Conlan’s way the two men glare at each other like two warring animals until Conlan leaves the room.
“What did he want?  What did he say to you?”  Jamie cups my head in his hands.
“It doesn’t matter anymore.  Him and me, we’re done and I am fine with that.  He’s not what I want, not anymore.”  I swallow, holding back the tears.
*  *  *  *
Since that night, life amongst the Brotherhood Alliance seems to have shifted.  Thankfully, I rarely cross paths with Conlan who appears to have disconnected with the group altogether, whilst in contrast everyone else says hello to me and makes an effort to stop and speak when we pass and I am actually starting to feel a part of this thing.  David’s attitude towards Adam has also notably thawed as a degree of trust is growing between them.  However, this does not extend to allowing Adam to be alone with me, although Adam’s success with transforming the vampires of the Brotherhood Alliance into a highly skilled and disciplined machine whose anticipation and excitement charge the atmosphere at our strategy meetings, has helped.  Moreover, I sense our first move against the FVOL is imminent.  Meanwhile neither Jamie nor I have spoken of my drunken confession, which is a relief to me, however there is a subtle distance between us where before there had been none.
As has become our usual routine recently, Jamie and I have taken a break from my sorcery practice and ventured down to the training ground to watch Adam and his recruits train.  David allows it as long as Jamie attends.
 “Do you know that Daisy is an excellent swordswoman?”  Adam directs to Jamie.
“No, I did not know that.  Daze, you’ve been uncharacteristically modest about this.”  Jamie smiles as he plays with a pile of leaves, swirling them around the trunk of the tree he rests against.
“Show him Daisy.”  Adam throws a sword at me.
In a show of exhibition Adam and I clash swords for the entertainment of  Jamie and the other vampires.  Although I fight better than most, I prove little challenge for Adam who has several hundred years on me never mind the fact that he was practically born with a sword in his hand.  However, now I have another weapon.  Just as Adam is about to show our audience his killer move, I use my power to suspend him and swiftly roll out from underneath his threatening sword but I can only hold him for a few seconds.  Unfortunately for Adam, as soon as my spell wears off, his momentum continues.  His sword thrusts into the soft ground and he somersaults over the top of it, landing on his back with my sword at his throat.
“Not fair Daisy.”  He laughs.
“I thought I’d even the field.”  I tease.
“You’re very good.  I’m impressed.”  Jamie smiles again. 
God I love his smile.  Its warmth is like the heat from the sun and I want to bathe in it.  Each night it is becoming more difficult for me to accept we are nothing more than friends, but I don’t want to be without him.
“Daisy?  Earth to Daisy?”  Adam calls.
“Er what?  Sorry.”
“I said, would you like to take part in the next exercise?”
“I’m afraid we’ve got training of our own to do.”  Jamie interjects.
“Before you go then, please . . . can I have a word, alone with Daisy?”  Adam gently clutches my arm to pull me towards him
“Okay, two minutes.  Catch me up Daze.”  Jamie agrees and wanders off into the midnight shadows, staying just about in sight.
“Are you okay, my sweet?  You are not quite yourself.  Is it the EC?  He seems to be distancing himself from everyone.”
“I’m fine, Conlan and I are done.  It’s over.”
“You were foolish to risk your life to free him.”
“I really don’t want to discuss it.  It’s done and I’m focusing on—”
“Jamie?”  Adam interrupts
“No, no, don’t be so ridiculous.”  I dismiss quickly, unable to look him in the eye.
“He’s in love with you.”  Adam adds whilst leaning with both hands on his sword as it stands in the ground.
“You’re way off the mark Adam, Jamie has made it abundantly clear that’s not on the cards.  He’s my trainer out of duty to my brother and to be quite honest I’ve got way too much to worry about without contemplating getting involved with anyone else.”
“For someone who built a career on instincts you are being incredibly blind.”
“Trust me Adam, I am well aware of what Jamie does or doesn’t feel for me.”
“Why does it hurt so much to watch you together-the connection . . . You . . . you orbit each other as if one could no longer survive without the other.  One could say it’s almost beautiful yet it’s agonizing for me to watch because  . . . well . . . I’m not telling you this to make you feel guilty, but to make you see what’s right under your nose.”
“It’s in your head.  You’re seeing something that just isn’t there.”  I refuse.  “I’m sure it’s difficult for you to see me spending so much of my time with someone else, but it’s innocent between Jamie and me.  Purely platonic.”
Adam sighs.  “Well, okay whatever you say, I’ve got training to get on with as have you.  Come and see me again soon.  I enjoy seeing you.  I miss your company.”  He smiles and I kiss his ragged cheek.
“Me too.  I best catch up to Jamie.  I’ll text you later when I’m alone.”
*  *  *  *
 “I think he is an okay guy.  Perhaps you are right and David is wrong about him.  What did he want to talk to you about?”  Jamie loosely clasps his hand around mine.  It is a gesture that reseals the connection between us, a stubborn sense of fate.
 “Jamie,” I swallow and hesitate because it suddenly dawns on me that no matter what I want, if Jamie is only with me out of loyalty to David, once my power fully returns he will probably distance himself further from me, maybe return to Medusa.  “When I’ve got all my powers back, I guess you will be needed elsewhere . . . leading this rebellion alongside David or something, won’t you?”
Jamie frowns.  “I am not a leader Daze.  Dave fills those boots perfectly.  I am happy to assist in whatever capacity is necessary, which is why I am happy to support you in regaining your power.  Ultimately, it furthers our cause.  The stronger you are, the stronger the Brotherhood Alliance will be.”
“But I am getting stronger though aren’t I?  Strong enough to undo the spell I mean?”
Jamie jolts to a standstill.  “What’s this really about?  Are you asking me to back off and find something else to do?” 
“No, no.  I’m not ready, there is still so much I can’t remember and you said there were several magical arts and we’ve only covered a couple.  I just want to be ready.  Everyone else is.  Having my memory back would be hugely advantageous, no?  And Acheron invading my mind like that has made me realise how strong I need to be if we are going to be successful.  They have over five thousand vampires across the territory whilst we have maybe five hundred.  It’s not great odds.”
“Hmm,” Jamie falls quiet until we reach the house.  “You make a good point.  We need you at full strength if the attack is going to be successful.  I’ve been reading up on it, there might be a way that could possibly help you to remember the spell—”
“What, what is it?”
“A hypnotic trance—”
“You mean like compulsion?  But that only works on humans?”
“Yes, but you’ve demonstrated you have strong mind control.  If you were willing to, if you trusted me enough to allow me into your mind, it might work.”
“Of course, I trust you.  I trust you as much I trust David.” 
Jamie stares at me for a moment with an expression of shock.  I quickly realise what the strength of my words imply. 
 “Because of how loyal you are to David.”  I add quickly.
*  *  *  *
Jamie meets me in my room after collecting the book with the so-called key to unlocking my memories.  The house is empty because most of the Alliance are training with Adam or out hunting now that the FVOL have cut off all synthetic blood supplies.  Jamie and I climb on to my bed.  He places his hands around the side of my face and instructs me to stare into his eyes.  A seemingly simple request, yet my gaze prefers to slip down to his tempting lips.
“Daze, concentrate.  I can’t do this unless you participate.”  He whispers with his mouth curling up at one side.
When I look up to his eyes again, he moves closer.  We are now so close that the tips of our noses almost touch.  I am breathing heavily to calm the heat inside me.
“Daze, don’t.”  Jamie mouths, yet he doesn’t pull away instead he creeps closer and tips his head slightly to the side watching my mouth.  My lips part, hopeful, but I daren’t move in case he changes his mind, but then a sudden knock at the door forces us apart anyway. 
 “It’s Marianne, is Jamie in there?”  Medusa calls and enters anyway.
“Yes, come in.”  I mutter sarcastically.
“Jay, sorry to interrupt but I can’t find Conlan anywhere.  He promised we’d hunt together tonight and he is not answering his phone.  Do you know if he has been sent somewhere?”
“How do I know?  Perhaps he’s helping Dave with something.”  Jamie replies in an irritated and surprisingly sharp tone.
“Am I interrupting something, is everything okay with you two?”  She fishes.
“Yes Marianne.  Absolutely perfect, now if you don’t mind?”  Jamie nods at the door.  
Medusa retreats with a huff and a puff after receiving short shrift from Jamie and I struggle to suppress a smug smile. 
 Jamie sighs and shakes his head.  “Listen.  Focus on my eyes . . . Only on my eyes.”  He seems irritated, and another charged moment between us has evaporated.
Although disappointed, I comply with his careful instructions and find that within seconds my eyelids grow heavy until they close completely.  My thoughts fade into a fuzzy cloud and I am barely registering the melodic voice that hums in the distance encouraging me to float.  Sometime seems to pass and then images appear and flash through my mind; Adam frozen with the sword above Conlan’s head; David moving bales of hay inside a barn;  several Georgian cityscapes; David and another vampire dressed in rich Georgian clothes. 
Jamie’s soothing voice fades in pressing for more detail about the vampire accompanying David.  
“His image is dark unrecognisable and indescribable.  Wait.  No. . . .  No his face is emerging.  Sharp features . . . Long nose.  Peter.  I don’t like Peter very much, but he and David are great friends.  They laugh a lot.  Peter courts many women, some of whom live in slums.  Dirty looking women, loud and forward.  He drinks their blood and leaves their bodies to rot.  Sometimes he leaves their decaying bodies hidden around our apartment . . . and . . . and I get angry with him.  David clears up after him and I get angry with him too.”
“What happened to this vampire?” 
“David has gone out and I’m alone with Peter . . .He’s been drinking and is being loud and obnoxious . . .I am trying to get away from him, but he’s stronger. . .even though he’s drunk.  He grabs me and rips the front of my dress open . . .His filthy bloodstained hands are all over my breasts, squeezing them as his breath heaves against my neck. . .One hand is moving down . . .  lifting up my dress to get underneath it. . .  I’m-I’m left with no choice but to use my power to get him off me. . .It throws him into the wall across the other side of the room. . .He looks shocked at first but now his eyes are growing big with greed.  He’s found a prize and he’s threatening me. . .He’s saying that if  I don’t give into his desires he’ll report me as a witch to the vampire elders. . .  I can’t let him do that.  Acheron will find us.  I’m frightened, unsure what to do . . . Oh no!”  I scream, breathless as I relive the memory.
“What’s happened?” 
“It’s David he’s back early.  He must have overheard. . .He’s burst into the room . . .He’s furious. . .He’s got Peter by the collar. . .I’ve never seen David so angry, he looks demonic . . .I’m terrified, frozen in shock . . . David is ripping Peter’s throat out with his teeth, mutilating him.  The noise is unbearable.  It is beyond the realms of humanity . . . David has lost control of himself . . . its turning him into a nefarious monstrosity . . . I have to stop it. . .  I cast a spell over David to suspend them . . . Everything’s gone quiet now.”
“And what are you thinking?”  Jamie’s melodic tone whispers against my ear.
“This is a scene of devastation . . . David transformed into a monster and destroyed his best friend . . . It’s all my fault . . . because of my powers.  Acheron killed my mother for them . . . David twisted into a demonic monster to protect them.  If I couldn’t use them, then no-one would find out and we could live peacefully.”
“Can you remember how you did it?”
“Yes.”
“Daisy you will remember the spell when I wake you up on the count of 5.  Ready?  5 . . . 4 . . . 3 . . . 2 . . . 1.”
As soon as my mind returns to the room, calm washes over me and I find Jamie sat in front of me smiling. 
“That was horrible.”  I wipe my moist cheeks to dry them.
“I know, but important.  You were brilliant.  Do you know what you need to do?”
“Yes, I think I do.”



Chapter 13: Ripping Loss

The spell I recalled has worked and my memories are coming back in waves, although I have not fully recovered everything yet.  Jamie remains positive and assures me they will all return in time.  The most painful to return have been the recollections of the night my mother died.  The heart wrenching pain feels like it was only yesterday and I feel stuck in mourning.  It sounds selfish but I cannot share it with David, he is over it, he has had over three hundred years to get over it and I feel separated from him.  It is such a tragic loss and we are supposed to share it, and because I cannot, because he has already gone through it, I feel desolate.  
Meanwhile David is busy polishing his plans or spending every spare moment with Elizabeth in case one day soon is their last.  I don't blame him, but I can’t extinguish the anger that my ludicrous resentment fuels.  Jamie, on the other hand, has been great; he has patiently comforted me even when I have tried to push him away.  He is as stubborn as a mule.
  More positively, the spell has restored my magical ability and my power feels natural now.  It is a part of me, whereas before whilst Jamie taught me it seemed to take so much focus and effort to produce anything.  Interestingly for me, the spell I used to forget my power was one I developed myself using notes from our family’s grimoire.  It is something I will discuss with David, once my emotions settle to a more rational level.
I nudge Jamie with my shoulder while he sits next to me on the sofa.  “I appreciate you staying with me.  It’s been a tough couple of nights.  I’m not sure anyone else would be able to put up with me”  
He returns my nudge with a pat on my thigh.  “It was never gonna be easy unlocking three hundred years of memories.”  
“I do feel stronger.  Sorta empowered, but in a strange way.  I’m not sure I can describe it.  It’s kinda like a veil has lifted or as if someone has pressed the translator button and I’m now reading and speaking the same language.  For instance, I know that you command air.  And . . . and your crystal, it’s specific to your mother’s line.  It’s a-a Tuuli crystal isn’t it?”  Jamie nods.  “ . . .You need that to perform your sorcery, but whatever type of magic you use it has to be linked to air.  That’s why you started off with the feathers, you used the air to lift them and control them.  You used the air to hold me and the air to block me.”
Jamie smiles.  “Bullseye.”  Yet his eyes give off a hint of sadness.  “You’ve got to be careful.  You’ve not used your full capability for a long time.  It will be harder for you to control it now.  It’s gonna ooze out of you and reflect your emotions for a while.”
“But I can use anything; earth, wind, fire, water and I don’t need a crystal.  I need David.”
“Yes but not in the same way I need a crystal.  David protects you.  It is different.”
“But vampirism has made you a stronger sorcerer?”
“It has . . . yeah.”
“Jamie?  Are you okay?  You seem sorta—”
“What do you know about black magic?”  Jamie diverts my question.
“Not much really.”  I lie.  “I know enough to steer clear of it.”  I add.
Jamie rises to his feet and holds out his hand for me to take.  “Good.  You of all people do not need to explore that realm.  Listen we should find your brother and talk through how we’re gonna use your power so that you can use these final days to hone them.”
“Jamie—”  
“I’m fine.  It is just a dent to the ego, you know?  That you don’t need me anymore.  You’re way more powerful than any of us now, even if you’re still a little rusty.”  He grins.  “You can protect yourself now.”
“I’ll always need you, you know that.  Didn’t you once tell me that even the most powerful people in the world need bodyguards and besides didn’t the deal include a reward when I regained my powers?”
“Let’s defeat Acheron first and then we’ll talk terms.”  Jamie winks and rests his arm across my shoulder as we make our way to find David.
I can feel my time with him slipping through my fingers and I can sense that one day soon, he will vanish, so, I am going to savour every detail of each moment that I have left with him and pray for time to stand still.  
As soon as we step into the night, Jamie calls David on his mobile to find out where he is but it goes straight to his voicemail, which usually means he is in the underground training centre.  The night sky is clear and littered with stars so Jamie and I decide to run over to the training centre rather than taking a car or bike.  Unfortunately, when we arrive, David has already left.
“Dave?  It’s Jamie. . . .  Yeah-yeah fine . . . No, I’ve not seen her.  Listen, me and Daze need to talk to you. . .  Okay, we’ll see you back at the house, we’re on foot so we’ll see you in a bit . . . No-no nothing to worry about just need to talk over what happens next.  .  Alright cheers mate.”  Jamie shoves the mobile back in his pocket.  “Wasted journey.  He’s driven back to the house.”
“Can we walk for a bit, enjoy the night?  I don’t think it’s gonna make much difference if we take a little extra time.”  I ask, knowing that once I tell my brother I am fully loaded and ready to shoot, it will end one to one time with Jamie and we will both become caught up in enacting the Alliance’s plans.
“Yeah, sure why not.  The peace is nice.” 
I want to bite the bullet and confess my feelings.  
“Daze, I can hear your mind working.  What you thinking about?”
“Erm, nothing really. . .  You know when this is all over . . . do you think we’ll still be friends . . . like this?”
“You mean if we escape with our lives?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Of course Titch.  Believe it or not, I actually like spending time with you.  It’s never been about doing a favour for Dave, surely you know that by now.”
“Why—”
All of a sudden, Jamie stops still as a statue.  “—Wait.  Did you hear that?” he whispers close against my ear.
I listen.  The wind whistles through the trees rustling leaves and clicking the branches whilst an owl hoots a mile or so away.  I am about to shake my head when I hear a distressed sob entwined with furious voices floating on the breeze.
“Oh no, they’ve found us haven’t they?” 
Jamie squeezes my hand and there is an exchange of acknowledging glances before we race towards the voices to assess what we are up against.  A few miles later, we discover the voices belong to a circle of vampires.  As far as we can tell, none of them are members of the Alliance, and they appear to be taunting something in the centre of the circle.  
“We should get the others.”  Jamie suggests.
I shake my head.  “It’ll take too long.  They’ve got someone captured.  We must help.  I’m strong enough now.” 
Jamie disagrees and tries to hold me back but I wriggle free of his hands and charge towards them.  The vampire circle opens up their formation upon my arrival.  I recognise the two First Vampire Colonels who stand at the front, battle worn like Adam in dark jackets and cargo pants stuffed into thick chunky black boots that hug their calves.  They are the First Vampire Colonel’s who sat enjoying the torture and murder of Xavier; Samuel Gray the FVC for the Southern Lands and Charles Leicester FVC for the Western Lands.  I don’t recognise the vampires accompanying them, although I suspect they are Elites.
“Ah ha and here’s Adam’s whore.”  Samuel taunts and Charles sniggers.  “The Elder’s not here to protect you now my dear.”
My stomach flips, but the distressing sob we heard moments ago continues and focuses me.  It belongs to the dishevelled vampire sobbing on the floor behind them.  Whoever she is, she persists with muttering and chanting incoherently.  
“I don’t need his protection.  You are a long way from home, Samuel, I think it is you who needs protection.”  
Charles smiles malevolently and steps over the sobbing vampire clutching something oddly shaped and covered in what looks like hair.  I glance at the traumatised vampire crouching on the floor just as she turns to look at me through her stained blonde hair.
“Marianne?”  I gasp.
Marianne turns away and curls up in to a tight ball sobbing again.
“What about this one?”  Charles lifts the oddly shaped object into the air and parts the matted hair that covers it.  “This one of yours as well?” 
Behind me, Jamie collapses on to his knees.  “Noooooooo!”  He shrieks.  
His pain echoes through me, stealing the air from my lungs.  I blink several times, unwilling to believe what Charles is holding up.  
“Here, you can have this back if you like.”  Charles guffaws and tosses Elizabeth’s decapitated head at my feet.
Jamie launches himself at Charles, but I push him back to the ground using my power and hold him there.  I turn to Charles and glare at him thinking about drowning him in his sick laughter.  Coughing interrupts Charles’s guffawing until his choking and spluttering swallows it up.
“Something the matter Charles.”  I sneer.
Charles clutches his throat with both hands and falls to his knees as water spills from his lips until his body jerks violently collapsing him to the ground.
 “Charles.”  Samuel shouts, more annoyed than concerned with Charles’s condition. 
Water continues to gush from Charles’s mouth puddling onto the ground around him.
“She’s doing it.”  One of the other vampires gasps. 
“Well stop her.”  Samuel growls, slapping a pretty red head hard across the face with the back of his hand.
She steps forward and stares with intense purpose.  Her energy flows towards me and produces a feint hint of pain.  However, she is not strong enough to penetrate me with any effect and I realise I can reflect it on to her.  Panic flashes in Samuel’s eyes as soon as she curls up onto the ground in pain.
“What are you doing here?  Two colonels and five Elites, that’s hardly enough to attack us.”  I press.
“You have an informant in your ranks.  We were having a tour of your facilities.”  Samuel narrows his eyes.  “We know much more than you think.  Little whore.”
“And who is this informant supposed to be?”  I dismiss.
“I’m afraid I can’t divulge that information.  It’s classified.”  Samuel folds his arms in disgust.
“It’s of no real consequence, you won’t leave here alive.”
Samuel shrugs his shoulders with indifference.  “You won’t know who your informant is then.”
“Marianne, over here.”  I call and for once, she obeys, crawling hesitantly across the ground like a beaten dog.  
Samuel smirks.  
I conjure up a flaming tornado, whilst fixing the intruders to the ground so that they cannot escape.  My tornado engulfs them all; Charles, Samuel and their five accomplices.  They yell and moan as the twisting inferno closes in on them.  I feel no mercy whilst I listen patiently for their curdling screams to fade into ashes.  
Behind me Jamie and Marianne do nothing to stop me, instead they sit silently staring at the spectacle, perhaps still in shock.  I hope they feel a sense of retribution.  After a few minutes, the screams disappear and the flames dissolve into smoke, revealing the ash covered ground.  A second later as soon as the magical energy evaporates, my knees buckle from underneath me and my head spins like a merry go round.  Before I can do anything about it, I am falling to the ground with no faculty to stop myself.  As the ground fast approaches, Jamie appears in time to catch me in his lap. 
“You’re bleeding.”  He whispers.
Disorientated I gaze up to his face and see his crystal tears glistening under the moon light.
Jamie holds my head in his hand.  “Daze, are you alright, talk to me Daze?”
A moist wet sensation spills from my nose like a gushing tap.  I lift my hand clumsily to wipe it away, but it keeps flowing.  
“Christ Daze, you’re bleeding really bad.”  His voice is urgent but sounds distant to me.  Drowning Charles, holding Jamie back and incinerating seven vampires has taken its toll on me.
 “I’m fine.”  I insist but my weak breathless voice betrays me.  “We need to get to David.  He must know.”  
“Here drink first.”  Jamie extends his wrist and allows me to take enough to heal the bleed. 
Whilst I drink, my eyes settle on Marianne who sits in front of us a few meters away.  She hugs her body for comfort and sobs relentlessly.  Her bouncy blond curls are limp and filthy and her normally immaculate clothes are bedraggled.  
“I’m okay now, I can make it back.”  I assure Jamie. 
“No wait, I’ll carry you, you won’t make it.  Wait a minute.”  Jamie stands and removes his shirt.  He carefully lays it out on the ground, taking meticulous care to straighten the material out before he returns to where Elizabeth’s head lies.  Slowly he picks her head up as if it is his most delicate and precious object and smoothes her fiery red hair to tidy it.  Tears fall from his eyes as he closes her eyelids. After returning with her to his shirt, Jamie painstakingly lowers his beloved sister’s head on to the soft cotton shirt and wraps it up.  Even Marianne has fallen silent as she watches Jamie’s tragic ritual.
“I need to carry Daze.  Can I trust you to carry Lizzy?”  Jamie urges as he passes the head to Marianne as it if were his newborn baby.
Marianne nods and resumes her sobbing.  Although I find my feet, I sway and stumble but Jamie catches me and lifts me up into his arms.  When the lights of the house come into clear view, I can see my brother running towards us.
 “Jay what’s happened to Daisy?  What’s the matter?”  David frets.  
“Da_‘s-not me.”  I mutter weakly.  “I’ll be fine.  I’m sorry—”
David looks at me and then at Jamie with an expression of horror.  “—Will one of you explain to me what the hell is going on?”  He shouts.
 “It’s . . .It’s Lizzy, I’m so so sorry . . .they-they. . . killed her. . .”  Jamie begins, but before he can continue, David collapses to the floor in front of us.
Jamie lowers me to the ground next to him so that I can hold my brother.  “There were seven of them, two FVC’s and five others . . .  I destroyed them all, but more will come.  They said . . .  they had . . . informant.  We need to act.”  I whisper, hating myself for not giving him a moment to grieve.  
He gives no response except to lift me up and lead us back to the house.  Once inside he slumps on to the sofa in shocked silence.  There he sits staring blankly into nowhere.  
Time passes unnoticed until Jamie stands in front of David, cradling his shrouded sisters head.
  “They took her head, Dave.”  Jamie swallows, fighting back a sob.  “Why did they have to do that?  She was not part of this.  She was an innocent.”  He cries shaking his head with tears pouring from his eyes.
“What?”  David growls. 
He moves quickly, grabs the object from Jamie’s arms and lays it onto the sofa.  He takes a breath, hesitating, hoping it is not what he knows it is.  Yet despite his fury, he delicately unwraps the object.  As soon as he sees his lover’s face, he gasps and falls backwards in horror.  His abhorrence lasts for a moment before he kneels down to be close to her.  I watch as my brother cups her head in his hands and mutters apologies with promises of vengeance whilst tears roll down his cheeks.
Next to me, Jamie sobs too whilst Marianne, who is huddled on the bottom step of the staircase, falls quiet and still.  After David composes himself, he wraps Elizabeth’s head with as much care and tenderness as Jamie and carefully passes her back to him.  
“How did this happen?”  He turns to me searching my eyes for the answer, pumped with vengeful fury.
“I’m not sure, David.  Marianne was with them.  They said they had an informant.”
David flies into Marianne’s face.  “Well?”  He screams.
“W-w-w-we were out h-h-unting and th-th-they attacked us.”  Marianne splutters.
“AND?” 
“Th-th-they said we should surrender because they knew all our secrets.  I-i-if you and her,” Marianne points a shaky finger in my direction.  “Surrendered to them they would spare the rest of us.”  
“If you were the messengers why did they kill . . .” David swallows, struggling with what has happened.  “. . .  Elizabeth.”
“She stood up to them, said you’d never surrender.  She spat in their faces.  I-I-I tried to silence her, but she kept on insulting them.  Charles snapped and sliced her head with his sword, without warning.  I tried to stop her.”  Marianne collapses into a hysterical sob under the weight of David’s heated interrogation.
 “And you’ve disposed of them now?”  David clarifies with me.
I nod whilst watching Jamie stroke the wrapped head in his arms.
“Oh my baby sister,” David rushes over to me “Look at you, you’re bleeding and so, so weak.”  He gasps and hugs me so tight I think he might crush me. 
 “I’ll be fine.”  I whisper, wiping the blood that has started to seep from my nose again.
“No, no you’re not.  We need to get you fed.”  David disappears in a blur and returns with some blood.  “Right, we have little time.  Marianne, make yourself useful and get Beaumont for me.”
Marianne nods and disappears into the dark whilst David embraces Jamie with a consoling brotherly hug.
 “Beaumont could be the informant.”  I hear Jamie whisper to my brother.  
“He’s not had the opportunity.  I’ve had him watched.”
Jamie nods towards me.  “She needs blood, lots of blood.”  
*  *  *  *
That was the last thing I remember.  Some time has obviously passed, although I have lost track of how long exactly, but my strength is returning and thankfully, the bleeding has stopped.
 “Where is that bloody woman?  Can’t I trust her to do even the simplest of tasks?”  David rants as he paces up and down. 
Jamie sits quietly huddled over the wrapped head in his lap, muttering to himself.
“I feel better, let me go.  I will get Adam and bring him back.  Marianne is pretty messed up, she’s probably in a traumatised heap somewhere with Conlan to soothe her.”
“Okay, okay.”  David agrees, too caught up with grief and revenge to argue for once.  “Take the Hummer.  He’s training.”
With my foot pressed to the floor, I bounce over to the training centre in the Hummer.  I race down the tunnels and to my relief I find Adam instructing a group of enthralled vampires in the enormous room where the party had taken place, which now looks bare and dimly lit.  
“Adam . . .”  I call, but the room abruptly disappears into darkness. 
*  *  *  *
Apparently, I collapsed on to the floor as soon as I burst in.  Pretty much unheard of for a vampire to faint, yet there I was unconscious on the stone floor with blood spilling from my nose yet again.  Adam forced his own blood into my mouth to revive me and when I regained my composure, I found myself in his arms.
“What have you been doing?”  Adam urges with a deep frown furrowing amongst his scars.
“David needs you.  They’ve found us.  They killed Elizabeth.”  I explain in a weaker voice than I want.  
“Where are they now?” 
“I killed them, but there’s an informant.  Acheron’s probably sent more.”  I try to sit up, but my head feels light and woozy and as soon as I‘m upright I lose my balance again and fall back into his arms.
“When did you last feed?”  Adam accuses in the tone of a parent.  
“Only just, it’s complicated.  It’s not important.  David needs you.”
Adam nods and orders ten of the vampires towering over me to accompany him and instructs the others to inform the rest of the Brotherhood Alliance that they need to prepare for battle.  Then in a swift motion, Adam scoops me off the floor into his monstrous arms and hurries us out of the training facility.
When we emerge, we find Conlan leaning against the Hummer.  As soon as he hears us, he turns and appears genuinely concerned as he stares at Adam holding  me.
 “What’s happened, what’s going on?”  He questions urgently and rushes towards us.
“What rock have you crawled out from?”  Adam sneers pushing past him.
“The FVOL killed Jamie’s sister and there preparing to attack.  I, I er eliminated the perpetrators, but it—”
“Go away.  You’re not needed.”  Adam growls.
Conlan stares at us for a moment as if he is processing what he has just heard.  “You’re wrong, I should come with you.  David will need me too.  I took you down easily enough didn’t I?”  
“—Stop it, both of you.  David and Jamie will need everyone.”  I intervene; there is no time for peacocking.
Adam lowers me carefully into the passenger seat.  “You’ll have to make your own way.”  He turns and snarls at Conlan slamming the door so hard; I am surprised it has not fallen off its hinges. 
* * * *
“My sincerest sympathies, David.”  Adam announces, helping me into the chair, nearest the door.  “I once lost my soul mate, Eva, and know that that kind of pain is unparalleled.” 
I watch as he approaches David and swamps him with a bear hug.  David doesn’t react.  He holds still like a statue until Adam whispers something into his ear that is too low for me to hear.  It provokes a nod from David and he pats Adam’s arm.
From my seat, I search the room for Jamie.  Marianne doesn’t appear to have returned either.  It then dawns on me how odd it is that Conlan knows nothing about what has happened.  I presumed Marianne had run into him and that is why she didn’t reach Adam.
“David?  Has Marianne come back?”  I question, growing concerned by her absence.
 “No, she’s probably with Con . . .” David pauses, suddenly aware that Conlan is standing by the door.  His face twists into anger.  “Why have you brought him here?”  He snarls.
“I didn’t.”  Adam growls through his teeth.
I look back and forth between them.  “David?  Calm down.  If Marianne’s not with him and she didn’t get to Adam.  Where is she?”  I glance back at Conlan who looks as confused as I do.
“I don’t know.  Jay’s run off somewhere, maybe she’s gone with him.  I’ve got bigger things to worry about than that stupid girl.”
“I can take away your grief.”  Conlan interrupts, his voice cracking under the pressure of the intimidating atmosphere.
“Why would I want you to do that?”  David shouts.
“Temporarily, to help you think clearly.” 
David shakes his head. 
“Let me help.  We were friends once.”
“We were never friends.  My sister loved you and out of my loyalty to her, I’ve tolerated you.  As for your so-called talent, you should know by now that it won’t work on me.  If I wanted to be numb I’d ask my sister to see to it.”
“You will need me during the attacks.” 
David thaws slightly.  “If you’re still on our side?”
Conlan looks horrified.  “Of course I am.  I’ve always been on your side.”
“My sweet, you are coming with me.”  He whispers pulling me to my feet.
 “Wait, stop.  Let go.  Where are you taking me?”  I struggle.
Conlan steps forward to intervene, but David shakes his head.
“To your room.  To rest, my sweet.  I’ve sent someone to get you some more blood.” 
“What?  No.  I need to be with David, he needs me.” 
“Don’t cause a scene, Daisy.”  He warns, “You need to rest.  You are weak.  David needs you to be strong.  A couple of hours sleep will do you good whilst the rest of us work out the details of our next move.”  Adam softens his tone.  “Don’t worry I’ll come and find you.  Even without magical power, you are one of the most disciplined and skilled fighters I have trained.  I have complete faith in you.”
“Why did you have me followed then?”  I snipe as he pulls me towards the stairs.
“What?”
“On my assignments?  If I’m so capable, why have me followed?”
“My sweet, you are my most precious possession, no matter how capable you are, I will always do everything to ensure your safety.  A little added protection put my mind at rest when you were away.”
“I am not your possession, Adam.” 
“None of that matters now.  What matters now is that you recover, so that you are in peak condition.”
The click of the closing door hushes the world around me, yet, my mind is spinning with David’s words 'Jamie’s run off somewhere.'  An odd statement.  An odd thing for Jamie to do.  Although, I guess he is in the most awful pain and can hardly be thinking straight.  Perhaps he needs some time to be alone, somewhere quiet.  I feel too weak and tired right now to search for him, too tired to even sit so I’ll just lie back, accept a couple of hours sleep and sink into the pillow.  
However, just as I fall into the pillow something tickles my cheek.  I glance to my left and out of the corner of my eye; I discover a folded piece of cream paper;
 Daze, 
I am sorry, but I had to go.  I hope you will understand and forgive me.
 I will miss you every moment.
Your friend J x. 
Panic hits me like a wrecking ball and without thinking I bolt out of my room.  “David, David.  Jamie has gone!”  I scream flying down the stairs on wobbly legs, which ends with me in a tangled heap at the bottom.
David rushes over.  “Daisy, for Christ sake.  What do you think you’re doing?”
“He left me a note, Jamie’s gone.  We need to find him, before he gets too far away.”  
David frowns and shakes his head as he pulls me up off the floor.  “His decision.  We have to accept it and get on with what we need to do.”  David gestures towards the dining room table, strewn with maps and surrounded by a crowd of the Brotherhood Alliance.  “Adam, would you mind helping my sister back to her bed?” 
“No.  No David, he needs us, we can’t just forget about him.”  I argue, although Adam is already tugging on my arm.  “Let go of me.”  I growl.
“Daisy, please!  I do not have time to argue with you.  For once in your life do as you’re told and get the rest you need.”
“David?”  I murmur shocked by his lack of concern for his friend.  He ignores me and returns to his machinations whilst I surrender to Adam’s lead, too weak to protest any more.
*  *   *   *
Tapping against my door rouses me from my torpid sleep.
 “Come in.”  I groan.
“Hi. . . .  Here, drink this.”  Sitting down on the bed next to me my brother passes me a tall glass filled with warm blood.  “It’s fresh, extracted it myself . . . Look I’m sorry about earlier.  I know how much you care for Jay and you two have been pretty much inseparable, but he is my best friend too.  I am far from happy he’s gone, in fact, I am bloody furious about it, but I’ve got to respect his decision to do whatever it is he needs to do to come to terms with Elizabeth’s death.  My way, is to finish what we started.  I am doing this for her, for Xavier and anyone else who lost their lives at their hands.  I need you to be at my side, not chasing after someone who doesn’t want to be found right now.”
“What if he never comes back?  What if he does something stupid?”
“What if we go looking for him?  It could take weeks, months, even longer.  Jay is as good as I am at disappearing.  If he doesn’t want to be found, we won’t find him.  Meanwhile what happens to the Alliance?  What happens if Acheron follows up with more attacks and we’re chasing our tails looking for Jay?  All those people who have looked up to us to free them from this regime will be left to fight alone against Acheron and his elites.  No.”
 “Okay-okay I get it.”  I sigh unhappy he has won the argument for now.  “So . . . what are you going to do about the informant then?”  
“Don’t worry about that, we’ll catch them soon enough.  Just get ready, feed up and be prepared to leave in an hour.  I’ll see you downstairs when you’re ready, yeah?”
After downing the blood, I take a shower and pack up my belongings.  Fortunately, not having many material possessions has its advantages when you are constantly on the move.  However, Jamie’s Ice, resting on the bedside table, stops me in my tracks.  It is a reminder of his absence.  He has only been gone a few hours but already I feel as if I have lost a part of me.  More than anything I want to hold him, comfort him, smell his summer scent, and forget everything else that is going on except him and me.  
I call his mobile, but it goes straight to voicemail.
“Hi Jamie, it’s just me.  I . . . er . . . just wanted to check . . . well obviously you’re not okay . . . but . . . well I’m worried about you.  David is moving us out of here and . . .well you’re not here . . . Call me or text or something, just so I know you’re  . . .coping I suppose.  Bye.”
I slope down the stairs and dump my bag onto the sofa.  A jug of warm blood sits on the island in the kitchen with a post-it note on it.  ‘For Daisy’.  
With the crowd now gone the house seems eerily empty and quiet, so much so that when David enters through the front door, the click startles me.
“Oof, you made me jump.  Where is everybody?”  
“They’re packing up.  Drink that up.  It’s all for you.”
“Did you leave any left in the poor sole you took it from?”
“No.  They were scum. . . .  Are you ready to leave?” 
“Mmhm.” 
“Good.  We are leaving in about ten minutes.  We need to be much closer to the FVOL so we’re heading back.  We’ll travel through the afternoon and evening, taking a more direct route.  From this moment on, you stay close to me.  I’m not sure who to trust anymore.”  
I nod.  “But what about Jamie, what if he comes back and we’re gone?”
“I told you, Jay’s a Hunter.  He can track almost as well as me.  If he wants to, he’ll find us.”  



Chapter 14: Let Battle Commence

The grotty basement underneath the derelict office block is becoming a tedious space to spend hours upon hours doing practically nothing.  David co-ordinates his troops, whilst the team here drive the advanced surveillance equipment, which provides my brother with up to the minute updates on what’s happening out in the field and I do . . . nothing.  'Save your strength' I am told, never mind my strength it is my insanity that is going to need saving at this rate.  There is nothing to distract me from the half existence I endure without Jamie.  My dark heart aches for his return or at the very least a sign he is okay.  
 “Daisy, go out and get us some refreshments.”  My brother barely drags his eyes away from his monitors.
“Am I now the glorified tea girl?”
“Everyone else is busy.  You’re not doing anything and you keep saying how bored you are.”
“Fine!”  I slam my hands down on the arm of the chair and thrust myself out of it only agreeing to go because it gives me the chance to get out of here.  I suppose I am feeling a little thirsty too.
Our derelict office building sits on an abandoned business park, which rather conveniently backs on to the rear of a busy hospital with a well-stocked blood bank.  Despite the heavy fog clinging to every building, it only takes a matter of minutes to load up and silently escape without notice.  
After downing my share, I am not overly eager to return, so I’ll to take a detour around the business park and practice my sorcery instead.  Firstly, whilst I am alone, I’ll text Adam to see what he’s up to.  My brother continues to forbid contact with him.  I had thought David thawed towards Adam, especially following the night of Lizzie’s death, but it appears it was only because he was distracted and as soon as we left, he sent Adam over to the Southern Lands to shutdown the remaining FVoL in that region after I killed their FVC.  Therefore, any contact must be out of David’s sight, which is difficult because he hardly ever lets me out of his sight.  
‘Bored  x x D’
‘Yr safe, MS.  That’s what matters.  ’  
‘WT U up 2?’
‘On the move.’
‘U coming back?”  
‘Not yet.  Soon x’
‘ Spk L8r.  Gonna practice xoxo D’
I usually practice minor acts of magic within the confined space of the basement, whilst everyone else busies themselves with their tasks,.  However, now that I have regained my full suite of power, this barely stretches me.  Out here in the fog amongst the rubble, I can experiment, although without Jamie here to tease and push me it is not the same.  In fact, nothing is the same without Jamie.  The relentless dull ache groans inside me and nothing soothes it, not even blood.  Marianne has not returned either.  David suspects she may be the informant, whilst I suspect Jamie and Marianne have eloped together despite my brother’s reassurances to the contrary.  At first, David also believed that Conlan was involved as part of his revenge against me; however, Conlan has thrown himself into his missions and is proving valuable in the field.  Conlan and I still don’t speak, but David has given him real purpose now and that seems to have brought him some peace.
A crumbling four-story shell catches my eye.  To warm up I disperse the fog from around the building and start to move a pile of concrete boulders from one end of the shell to another.  It is amazing to think about how hard it was for me to lift a single feather a few months ago and yet these enormous boulders float as if they are made of air.  
Feeling strong, and with no sign of a nosebleed, I search for further inspiration to test me.  Demolishing the building springs to mind, but the noise could provoke some unwanted attention.  A leap up on to the second level, which is absent a floor - just a frame and a beam through the middle, stimulates an idea.  Underneath me on the ground floor, I ignite a fire out of thin air.  It starts small, just a flicker amongst the rubble and grows twisting into a swirling ball of fire the size of a football.  The heat touches my face like a warm hand as I lift my fireball up above me to where the third and fourth floors should sit.  My fireball is my puppet and I conduct its movement; darting from one corner of the building to the next, leaving a tail of flames behind it like a hypnotic snake.  It swirls around me, around the beams and rockets up into the sky, still expanding, rising until it is white hot against the fog covered sky.
It is only a sudden prickle at the back of my neck that distracts me from my puppeteering, warning me I am no longer alone.  My fireball disperses into a puff of smoke.  Whoever is here is not human.  I press my back against the only remaining breezeblock wall and try to sense the intruder’s location.  
They are below me. 
 I shuffle silently along the wall and drop down to the ground floor to catch them.  I glare into the dark corners, but they are empty.  I peer around the outside of the building but nothing stirs.  The intruder appears to have vanished.
“Argh.”  My back slams into the wall and the fragrance of summer floods my senses.
“Hey Titch.”  Jamie’s lips brush against my ear.  “Still unable to resist me huh?”  
“Jamie?”  My arms strangle him with love and relief.  “Where have you been?”
“You’ve not missed me much then?”  His familiar impish grin lights up his face and I stare into his glittering blue eyes, amazed that he is here, holding me, when I thought I would never see him again.  Lost briefly in those thoughts, the sudden sensation of his lips pressing gently against mine takes me by surprise. 
“What-what are you doing?”  My words falter because his lips refuse to withdraw from mine, instead they press harder, more urgently against mine.  I have wanted this, fantasised about it since I first met him.  He gives me no choice but to surrender to the unstoppable desire now raging inside me.  My hands tangle through his hair whilst his arms envelope me forcing our bodies together, desperate to melt into each other and become one.
“Get.  Your.  Hands.  Off her.”  A growling voice cuts through our haze of lust and unexpectedly yanks Jamie from my arms.  “Jay what the—” 
“David!”  I protest as he shoves Jamie backwards.
“Whoa calm down Dave. I didn’t expect a welcome home party, but geez.” 
“What the hell is going on?”  My brother turns his rage on me. “I sent you out almost an hour ago.  I know exactly how long it takes do that run.”  He has reached a full-scale rant as he pounds backwards and forwards with his hands on his hips.
“I wanted to practice—”
“—Practice?  The only practice I saw was fixing your lips to him.”
“He took me by my surprise, I had no idea.  I was practicing my sorcery.” 
“You are not supposed to practice without me with you or at least knowing where you are.  What happens if you collapse?  Who would find you eh?  And you?  What the hell are you doing here out of the blue with your hands all over my sister?”
“It’s not so long ago that you had your hands all over my sister Dave.”  Jamie counters with a mischievous glint in his eye.
David does not take kindly to Jamie’s comment and slams him into a pile of rubble.  
“STOP!”  I scream, freezing them both.  “Calm down.  Jamie, perhaps you should explain where you’ve been and why you’re back all of a sudden.”  I command without really meaning to and release them.
“You’re getting better.”  He smiles.  “Look, I’m sorry I left, but I needed to bury Lizzy with her Mother and our Father, it’s what she would’ve wanted, you know?”  
“And you couldn’t have told us that?  You couldn’t have kept in touch instead of leaving us to worry and deal with what we started?”
“I know, I know.  I couldn’t think straight, the grief gripped me and filled my head.  Dave, surely you understand that?”
My brother shrugs his shoulders as he watches his own his feet kick small stones across the ground.  “I stayed.”  He mutters like a hurt little boy.
“I phoned you.  I left you like a hundred messages.  Couldn’t you have returned just one?”  I yell.
“I’m sorry guys, I really am.  I chucked my phone as soon as I left . . . I didn’t want any contact.  If I heard your voice Daze, I would have been dragged back.  Lizzy is dead because I got her mixed up in this crazy idea.  I should have left her where she was safe and kept her well out of it until we were free.  I owed it to her to lay her to rest properly in a place where she was happy and safe, especially after the way those-those Monsters treated her.”  Jamie’s eyes glisten as the tears build in his eyes, he shakes his head to hide them and swallows.  “I blocked everything out until that was done . . . But Daze you never left my thoughts, and I couldn’t stay away.”
“Her death wasn’t your fault.  It was mine.”  My brother drops his head in shame.
“How on earth was it your fault?”  I look at him in disbelief.  He would never do anything to harm her or put her at risk.
“Because that night we argued about Marianne and Conlan.  She stormed off and refused to talk to me or answer my calls.  I tried to find her, but-but I couldn’t and I gave up and just waited for her to come back to the house.  I.  Gave.  Up.  If I kept searching then I might have found her before it was too late.  I gave up and I could’ve saved her.”  Tears spill from his eyes.
“No, no David.”  I rush to comfort him.  “If I did that or I should’ve done that, doesn’t bring her back.  It does not change anything.  Neither of you are to blame.  Jamie, you couldn’t protect her from everything.  Even if you had left her hidden, they might have discovered her.  Neither of you can insure against every eventuality.  David, couples argue.  People storm off to clear their heads.  How many times since you’ve been together has she been out to hunt or to run an errand without you?  Her death is no one’s fault but Acheron’s.  Do not let her death be for nothing.  She defended us.  She stood up for her brothers and sisters against the FVoL.  In my book, that is an honourable death.  We need to honour her and finish this.”
David nods in agreement against my shoulder.
“Jamie?”  I call to confirm his agreement.
“You’re right Daze.”  Jamie sighs.  “Listen, both of you, there’s something else you need to know.  Whilst I was away, my source found me.  They had an urgent update on the information they’ve been feeding me.  I’m afraid what I’m about to tell you is not great news, in fact it’s gonna mess things right up for everyone.”
“What exactly do you mean?”  Anger clouds my brother’s tear stained face as he pushes past me to move closer to inspect Jamie.
“Apparently . . . Daze freezing Acheron’s mind and body ain’t gonna be quite enough for us to get the dagger into his heart, ‘cause you know how our blood perfects the body making it stronger over time?—”
“Mmhmm, go on Jay.”  David growls.
“Well . . . Acheron being ancient and a pure blood mean’s that by now, at his age he’s gonna be pretty much indestructible—”
“What?  Are you saying he can’t be killed?”  David hisses.
“No, what I’m saying is in order for us to get the cursed dagger through his chest cavity and into the centre of his heart, we need to drain him of his strength to weaken his bodies built up defence . . . from the inside . . . and only then can the dagger be driven through his heart.”
“Is there some sort of spell I can do to do that?”  I ask, wracking my patchy memory.
“I don’t think so.  Maybe if you had access to him for a sustained period of time, it may be possible to figure something out but –”  
“So how exactly are we supposed to do it, Jay?”  My brother is growing impatient as his well thought through strategies crumble before him.
“Blood starvation—” Jamie begins
“That would take centuries.  It would kill her to freeze him for that long.”  David shakes his head.
“Dave let me finish, yeah?”  Jamie narrows his eyes, reacting in a way I have never seen with my brother.  “Blood starvation is one way, but you’re right and even if we could encapsulate him somehow, there’s the risk that the strength of his mind is too great and we could never guarantee it would be secure enough.  No.  The other way, which brings with it, its own risks and problems, is to bind Acheron in the vines of the Kapok Tree soaked in a specialist elixir, which must be mixed by an alchemist.  This exceptional combination will rapidly drain him of his strength and dehydrate him to the point where we can use the dagger.”
“Vines from the Tree of life and an Alchemist’s Elixir?  That’s a substantial piece of information to miss out.  Are you sure about this?”  My brother laughs maniacally.
“Yes.  My source is close to an Elder.  Unfortunately, it takes time to eke out the finer details.  They tried to get hold of me earlier, but I like I said, I chucked my phone away, however, they heard about Lizzy’s death and were able to track me down.”
“Who is this source?”  David snaps.
“Dave, you know I can’t tell you.  I promised to protect them and I will keep that vow.”
My brother sighs heavily and shakes his head with his hands resting on his hips.  “This is bad Jay, bloody impossible in fact.  Getting the vines is one thing, but the alchemist and convincing them to make the Elixir without running to the nearest Elder and informing on us?  Never mind the fact that it could take us months.  The whole Alliance is waiting on my orders to begin attacks on the two largest regions.  How the fuck I am supposed to say Whoops, sorry guys we got it wrong we now have to go on a wild goose chase?”
“I promise you my source is reliable.  We’ll figure something out.”
“But we’ve already launched attacks on the East.  Adam is on his way back from the Southern lands after successfully shutting down the FVoL there.  We have shown our hand.  If we retreat, we will lose our advantage and they will come after us.  The Alliance will be destroyed.”  I argue.
“We’ll lose any advantage we have when we get to Acheron and fail to kill him.  We have to do this.  We can disappear.  We know how to evade them.  We’ve what, taken out four of his FVC’s if you include Adam and god knows how many guards and Elites?  They are weak now.  Beaumont knows how they think and he can protect the others whilst we search for the Alchemist and the vines.”  Jamie urges.
“What about the soothsayers?  Acheron keeps them close to him.  He’ll find out.”  I challenge, running it through my mind, looking for the pitfalls so that we know what we are up against, if we pursue this.
“What about them?  They haven’t found us yet.  If they were that good, Dave wouldn’t have been successful in the first two attacks.  In my experience most Soothsayers need to touch the person they’re reading and when there’s too many individuals involved in the fate it screws it up for them anyway.” 
“In your experience?”  I mock.
“Yes, Titch, In.  My.  Experience.”
I roll my eyes.  “And what about our mysterious informant?”
“I suspect they’ve chosen a side or fled.”  David suggests.  “Jay’s right, we would never have been successful with two attacks if they knew what we were up to.”
“So what do we do?”
“Well, I’m not going to just go running off in search of the vines and some elixir without first carrying out some research.  The ancient books are still hidden at Jay’s.  We need to go back there and check this out.”  My brother sighs again.  “However, to be safe, I’m going to close down the operations here, move the teams away from the Central Lands for now and then if what Jay’s source says is true, I’ll send them down into the Southern Lands so that Beaumont can run things in our absence.”
“You trust him that much?”  Jay questions.
“I have little choice right now.  I want you to take Daisy with you and wait for me there.  I’ll follow you in a few hours.  Make a start on sifting through to see what you can find.”
“Why do I still feel like the weak link?”  I mumble.
“Quite the opposite little sister, which is why I won’t make the same mistake I did with Elizabeth.  Right let’s get going.”
* * * *
The thrilling ride on the back of Jamie’s bike to his hillside home has flown by.  The speed, being so close to him and alone without any drama for several hours has been heavenly and now as the house appears from across the fields, dark and undisturbed underneath the sunrise, I am almost disappointed that the journey has come to its end.
 “Home sweet home, Daze.”  Jamie sings as he closes the front door.  
“That was fast Jamie.  I’m surprised the engine didn’t explode.”
From behind, he wraps his arms around my waist and nuzzles into my neck, brushing his lips lightly against my ear.  “Just shows how urgently I wanted to be alone with you. . . .  And now we are completely a-lone . . . probably be in the early hours of tomorrow morning before Dave or any of the others arrive?” 
A new message alert sounds on my mobile.
I twist out of his embrace.  “I’d better check this.  Might be David.”  
‘Is it true is J back?  SAB x’
‘Y. Can’t talk.  TTYL D x’
Jamie grabs me again.  “So?  Dave checking up on us?”  He sweeps my hair from my neck and begins to plant kisses along it.
“Stop this Jamie.  What’s really going on?”  I sound irritated and I guess I am.  Don't get me wrong, I have fantasised about this ever since I first laid eyes on him, but this is too out of the blue.   
Jamie’s silence is hidden by the kisses he scatters along the nape of my neck to distract me.
Intent on getting my answer, I break away from him.  “Seriously, Jamie.  What is going on?  This doesn’t make any sense.  Since we first met you’ve done your upmost to make it clear that we’re friends and nothing more, so what’s changed all of a sudden?”  
In a flash, Jamie lunges at me forcing me against the wall, silencing me with a feverish kiss.  “Mmm, this makes a whole lot of sense to me.”  He hums.
“No!”  It takes all the willpower I have to push him away.  “You left.  You and Medusa left.”
“What?  No . . . we didn’t-I mean we didn’t leave together if that’s what you’re insinuating.”  His confused stare shows the promise of truth.  “She disappeared when Dave sent her out for Adam.  Look we’re wasting time.”  His hands cup my face and he tries to draw me towards his lips.
“I thought you were in love with her.  At the party you spoke of her in such a way—”
“No, no.  Marianne is my friend, a little sister.  We have never been . . . and never will be lovers.”
“But you made it obvious you didn’t want this.  Even when we came close to a stolen—”   My words drop into a whisper as they search his amazing eyes for the truth.
“No?”  He questions as if I have missed something blatantly obvious and drops his hands.  “Okay, so I guess I did a better job of hiding my feelings than I realised and trust me it took a tonne of control not to fall at your feet every time we were together—”   His voice growls seductively.
“—Why?  That doesn’t make any sense.”  Despite my lap pulsing hungrily for him, the grin spreading across his smug face is starting to infuriate me.
“Okay, okay I get it, explanations first.”  He shakes his head, finding my reaction amusing.  “Right well, have a seat.”  He sighs and gestures for me to sit on the sofa.  “Truth is, Miss Daisy Love I’ve been in love with you since even before we officially met.  
“What?” 
“For an entire century, your brother never shut up about his enchanting – my word not his by the way, twin sister.  I bet he never told you that I used to be his lookout when he arranged to meet you, forced to catch only sweet glimpses of the object of my deep longing,”  Jamie overacts placing both hands on his chest “ . . . Come to think of it, perhaps he brainwashed me.”  He laughs, but his smile disappears.  “However . . . in the past . . . I’ve been hurt, badly, and it took me to dark, dark places that I didn’t think I’d ever escape from, so yes I have been overly cautious when it has come to you and giving into what I want more than anything in this world.”
“I can understand cautious, but you ran off screaming in the opposite direction.”
Jamie shakes his head.  “When I returned to the Alliance, the night after Dave had sprung you from the FVoL, possessing the knowledge that you were only a few rooms away from me, drove me crazy.  I wanted to burst into your room, take you in my arms, like in some old silent movie and sweep you off your feet . . .But Dave warned me straight away that you were an emotional wreck; still pining after Conlan, still guilt ridden over Adam.  I couldn’t just dive in and seduce you, knowing there was a chance that you would leave my bed as soon as Conlan got over himself—”
 “Confident weren’t you?”  I tease, as excited butterflies secretly dance around inside my stomach.
“Yeah, like you could resist me.  I saw the look in your eyes.  Pure desire.  No wonder I pinned you against that tree so easily.”
I roll my eyes, but can’t help grin as I remember that night.
“The real you outshines the mythical one and my feelings for you have amplified far beyond the realms of my heart, but Conlan remained in yours.  Not until the night of Lizzie’s party did I see evidence to the contrary.”
“Yes but I made my feelings for you fairly obvious that night, yet you kept pushing me away.”
“But there isn’t just Conlan is there?  You also have a connection to Adam.  It is obvious to me how much you still care for him, despite his actions.  I mean you were willing to die for him and willing to beg for his life knowing the damage it could cause between you and your brother.”
“That is because I care about Adam.  I am not in love with him.  My brother is right about that.  I thought you understood that.  I thought you were okay with him.”
“I make the effort for you.  I despise the man as much as your brother.”
“You are too influenced by my brother.  Perhaps he did brainwash you.”  I snap.
“No I am not.  I have witnessed his cruelty.  He is everything his reputation suggests.  He just happens to have a weak spot for you.”
“Well despite what you or my brother think of him, Adam is my friend and David and I owe him.  Adam has taught me so many things and he alone has transformed me from a scared little girl cowering under her brother’s shadow into a strong woman.”  I spring to my feet, filled with fury.  “I know he’s no angel, but he’s always protected me.  I am sure David has enlightened you to his views that Adam forced me to be his lover, dangling the whole saving our lives thing over me.  It infuriates me that he thinks I am that weak and pathetic.  Adam never pressurised me.  In fact, he succumbed to me.  I don’t have much to compare Adam to but he was pretty damn good and I enjoyed it.  I wanted it.  I am a vampire like any other with needs and desires and Adam could hit the spot time and time again—”  
“—Grrreat put extra pressure on my why don’t y’?”  Jamie mutters with a crooked smile that breaks the tension and dissolves my rant.
“Oh yeah, sorry, bit awkward, didn’t mean to go off on one, but it is important to me that you understand I am not some weak pathetic vampire forced into bedding her warden.  I made my own choices, I know my own mind and my own heart and now. . . .  Now I am so in love with you I feel like a right idiot.”  
“Why?”  Jamie’s crooked smile expands into a beam.
“Why?”
“Why do you feel like an idiot?”
“Because despite thinking I’m this strong woman, I’ve been mooning after you like a love sick school girl when you made it obvious you didn’t want anything more.”
Jamie grabs my arms.  “Have you not listened to anything I’ve just said?”  Jamie looks to the ceiling for inspiration.  “I only held back because I needed to be certain that your love for me is real and not some reverberation from your feelings for Conlan or Adam.  I’ve been there before.  I went to hell and back last time but I don’t think I would ever recover if you did the same to me. . .  Besides, if one of us didn’t control themselves how much training do you think we would have actually got done?  Huh?  You’d still be trying to lift that lonely feather now.  Getting you up to the mark was more important than getting you into bed.”
“Not sure how to take that.”  I half smile, avoiding his eyes.
“Daze, listen to me, spending these past few weeks apart has been torture. . .  and it’s made me realise that life is too short even for us.  We don’t necessarily have forever and there are no guarantees.  I can’t justify another wasted moment spent away from you.  Being with you will be the closest that I’ll ever get to heaven and if I lost you I would descend into hell and never return, yet I would give up my immortality to spend just one night with you in my arms.  I am crazy, crazy in love with you.”
Within a blink, Jamie’s cool lips embrace mine once more.  I chase his tongue with my own and the fire inside me erupts.  Jamie’s hard body compels mine sending electric tingles sizzling across my skin and deep within me. 
A moment later, he breaks away.  “C’mon.”  He whispers and takes my hand to lead me up the stairs.
 We enter Jamie’s room in a state of frenzied desire.  Strips of material fly from our bodies as we kiss and clutch each other with aggressive passion until we are both naked and vulnerable in so many ways.  The mood simmers as our touch becomes gentle, caressing the smooth quivering skin beneath our fingertips.  Jamie pushes me backwards on to his bed, parting my legs with his and pulling my hips into him encouraging me to tie us together with my legs.  I can feel how much he wants me, and he must be able to feel the fire in my lap.  His lips brush my neck with the lightest of touches creeping towards my mouth whilst beneath my hands the muscles of his back pulse and shift as he moves down my body softly kissing my breasts and licking my stiff nipples.  My body arches, aching desperately to feel him inside me.  His fangs pierce my skin releasing trickles of blood down my abdomen with Jamie chasing after them with his tongue.
“I think I’m going to die in heaven tonight.”  He groans in my ear when I shift my hips to force him to slip inside me.
“Oh Jamie” I moan as he thrusts against me sending me to a place of wanton ecstasy with every nerve ending in my body exploding into lightning bolts of pleasure. 
* * * *
For the first time in a very long time, I dream.  I suppose it is because I feel safe and happy.  Jamie and I are in a green field littered with wild flowers.  We are running and laughing holding hands under an azure sky with the bright midday sun showering us with its rays.  I am wearing a light floral mini dress and holding a straw hat on my head and Jamie is dressed in white linen trousers and a white shirt half-undone with sunglasses covering his eyes.  My feelings of happiness and safety infuse my dream and it feels warm and comforting.  In the distance, I can hear David calling us, his voice increasing as he gains on us.
“JAMIE!”  My brother’s voice abruptly bellows waking both Jamie and I with a jolt. 
“David?”  I gasp in shock.
“Oh for Christ-sake!”  He blasphemes, shaking his head in disgust at the sight of our naked entwined bodies.  “Put some clothes on.  You’re wife is here to see you.” 
###

Keep reading for an excerpt of Part II of the Bellwether Blood Witches: Thursday’s Child

Thursday’s child has far to go . . .

Chapter 1: The Wife

 ‘Your wife is here!  Your wife is here.’  The words regurgitate over and over in my mind like a hiccupping record whilst Jamie whirls around the room, sifting through scraps of material that a few hours ago were our clothes.  Well, they were our clothes, until we finally gave into our surging desires and tore them off each other’s bodies in scorching frenzy. 
Wow, just how precarious can life be?  One moment the stars are within my grasp and in the next, darkness tumbles down upon me once more.  I sit here in his elaborately designed wrought iron bed with my naked body wrapped in his crisp white cotton sheet, hugging my knees numbed by this humiliation.  I am waiting and hoping to hear him challenge those four painful words; ‘Your wife is here’ and yet the seconds tick over and he hasn’t fought to deny or defend them. 
Still stood blocking the doorway my brother, the messenger, also stares incomprehensibly at Jamie.
“Daze, Daze?”  Jamie’s voice calls from somewhere in the distance behind the chaos in my mind.  My eyes shift from David and settle on him, watching him tug on the fresh pair of jeans he found amongst the heap of clothes dumped out of his bag.  My voice is lost.
Jamie grabs the tops of my arms, his large hands easily wrapping around them and he shakes me hard in the hope of awaking me from my stupor.  “Listen Daze, listen to me.  I can explain all of this.  It’s not what it seems.  I just need to find out what she’s doing here and then you and I’ll talk.  Don’t doubt me.  Don’t doubt us.  I am crazy in love with you, remember?  Just wait here, okay?  Give me ten minutes?”  His bewitching blue eyes plead with mine as panic oozes from every perfect ivory pore.  “Dave, c’mon tell her.”  He calls to my brother - his best friend, for reinforcements.
“Tell her what exactly?”  David plants his hands on his hips, clearly furious with Jamie.  “You didn’t tell me you had a wife either.  Trust me, if you had, I wouldn’t ‘ave let you anywhere near my sister.”  His hushed anger seeps out through his gritted teeth, adding to the already suffocating atmosphere.
“Tell her, that I love her and that I’ve never wanted anything more than to be with her.” 
My brother glares at him and shakes his head with disapproval. 
Jamie’s presence is beginning to irritate me now and magic is bubbling beneath my fingertips ready to lash out and hurt him to repay him for making me feel like this and yet my heart adores him and wants me to curl up in his arms and let him charm me into a safe place.  I cannot let him do that.  I need the truth first.  “For god’s sake just go and see your wife will you.”  I fire at him sharply.
The muscles in Jamie’s jaw clench and twitch.  “Okay.  Fine.  But I’ll be back to sort this out with you afterwards.”  He pushes past David.  “You know how much she means to me.”  He growls, but David ignores him and closes the door behind him.
“You okay sis?  . . .  Here.”  My brother removes his T-shirt and tosses it at me for me to wear.
“His wife?”  I groan still trying to figure out how this can be true “Not once has he mentioned a wife or anyone that-that significant.”  I mumble to myself as I pull on David’s oversized t-shirt.  “Are you honestly telling me that you didn’t know about this?  And Elizabeth didn’t say anything to you, because I don’t for one minute believe she didn’t know?”
David frowns and shakes his head.  “Of course I didn’t know.  He may be my best friend, but you’re my sister, I couldn’t keep something from you that I know would hurt you.  I promise you, I knew nothing about this, not until she walked in ten minutes ago declaring she was Jamie Cromwell’s wife.”  He sighs and drops on to the bed next to me with his head in his hands and drags them down his face.  “But . . . as much as it pains me to defend him right at this moment, He does love you.  Deeply.  I know that much.” 
“Well, one thing’s for sure; I am not going to hide here like some dirty little secret.”  The reflection of me in David’s oversized T-shirt glares back at me in the enormous floor to ceiling mirror opposite Jamie’s bed.  I look a mess.  “I should get some proper clothes on. . .  Shit!  I didn’t pack before we left.  We just took off.  Oh god David, I don’t even think straight when he’s around.  I am such an idiot.”  I whine, furious with myself.
“No, no you’re not . . . well, okay perhaps sometimes you are.”  David grins.  “Elizabeth bought you a ton of stuff before you arrived.  Knowing you, you probably left anything that wasn’t a T-shirt or a pair of jeans here before we moved south to start the attacks.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.”  I leave the comfort of the bed to pace the room as I try to work out the best way to deal with Jamie and his so-called wife.
“Stay calm.  You’ll think clearer.  I’ll go check what clothes you left here and I’ll be straight back.” 
As David leaves the room, I catch the sound of voices drifting up from downstairs.  I cannot help myself I have to listen.  I go over to the door and inch it open to hear more clearly.
“You are still delightfully handsome James.  Were you resting?  You appear to have forgotten to dress?”  A deep feminine voice purrs.  “Or is that your intention, huh?  Not that I am complaining . . .” 
The thought of her ogling him boils my blood.  Despite my indignation, it didn’t escape my notice that before he left, he dressed in just a pair of jeans that hung off his hips showcasing his ripped torso, and his usually immaculate hair was dishevelled in that delicious after sex way.  He looked too good.  Too good for a reunion with an apparently long lost wife.
“What the hell are you doing here?  I thought you wanted to remain inconspicuous.  Why didn’t you me call first?” 
Oh my god, they have been in contact.  This isn’t unexpectedly.  My stomach clenches and tears pools in my eyes.
“Are you not pleased to see me?”  The woman chuckles, as if she is enjoying his unease.
“Mary!”  He snaps, not amused by her teasing.
“Now, now my darling.  All in good time.  Tell me, who was that divine specimen who greeted me at the door?”
“Lizzy’s bloke-Dave.”  Jamie mutters sounding irritated.  Perhaps he is jealous of her assessment of my brother.  My stomach knots up tighter and tears fall from eyes.
“Ah-ha, so he is one half of the legendary Bellwether twins is he?  When do I get a formal introduction?”
Their conversation pauses, just long enough for my own jealousy to circulate and conjure up images of Jamie clutching his long lost wife and forcing an angry kiss against her wanting lips to silence her teasing.  Is that crazy?  Perhaps.
“Hey, what are you doing down there?”  David asks when he finds me on the floor just inside the door and ushers me backwards into Jamie’s bedroom and closes it behind him, shutting out the rest of their conversation.
“I need to know the truth.  I can’t cope with these furious feelings of insane jealousy.”  I whisper, although I want to scream, and fold my arms across my chest as if it will contain me.”
“Here,” David holds out a sleeveless wine coloured mini-dress, “if you feel that strongly get dressed and we’ll go down there and meet her.  Introduce yourself.  Force Jamie to come clean and get to the bottom of this sorry situation eh?” 
“She has the hots for you too.”  I sniff and mop up my tears with the sleeve of David’s T-shirt.
“What?”
“A divine specimen daaarling.”  I mimic in a deep voice.  “No jeans?”
“Nope.  You took them all with you.  Be strong sis.  I’m on your side, no matter what happens, okay?”
I nod and pull the dress up under his T-shirt.  “Here.”  I throw his T-Shirt back to him. 
“Very apt.”  David assesses me with a wry smile.
“The scarlet woman?”  I grin smoothing the dress out in the mirror.  “He told me to wait here.  I don’t think he’s going to be pleased with me for interrupting their cosy reunion.”
“Since when did you do anything you were told?”
* * * *
From the top of the staircase I catch sight of a woman perched on the sofa wearing a large rimmed black hat that flanks her face.  A knee-length pencil dress in a dark shade of grey accentuates her slim hourglass figure and her elegantly crossed legs end in lethal scarlet Louboutin stilettos.  Behind her, a young man in a tailored charcoal suit with a black woollen scarf stares into thin air pretending to be oblivious to the conversation between husband and wife.  Hmm at least they weren’t alone . . . and oh my god he discharges a dangerously delicious scent.  Overtly human.  Very unusual.
“C’mon Daisy.  Don’t be afraid, remember who you are.”  David whispers in encouragement.
“I am not afraid.  I am just sussing out the enemy.”  I dismiss and proceed to glide down the stairs with my back arched, chest out and chin high.
The wife turns her head, but not enough to unveil her face.  Quickly, I survey the room to find Jamie.  He is sitting on the oak dining table on the opposite side of the room with his head drooping below his shoulders and his legs swinging freely like an errant child.  Guilt?
“Jay, are you going to introduce us properly?”  David prompts when nobody moves to speak.
Jamie pushes himself off the table and stands to attention, with his arms crossed against that divine ivory chest of his.  His hard gaze however, remains on his wife, without so much as a flicker to me.  Tears threaten to appear in my eyes again.  Unconsciously, my arms fold tightly across my chest with my nails digging into my arms to stop the tears from brimming over.  Meanwhile, the wife cranes her neck to gaze upon my brother.  Her gloved fingers play with her chestnut brown hair and after a brief examination, her shockingly red lips bleed into a slice of an approving smile.
Jamie lifts his gaze from his wife and lands it on my brother, skipping me.  Is it me or is it getting frosty in here?  “I thought you were going to give me some privacy to sort this out?”  He glowers at David.
“James, dar-ling, where are your manners?”  The wife admonishes and rises to her feet.  “Tut, Tut James.”  Her long satin-gloved hand extends towards my brother.  “I am Mary Worth or should that be Cromwell?”  She grins and casts her eyes back to Jamie awaiting his reaction.
“Worth.”  Jamie confirms.
David gallantly bows to kiss her hand.  “Apologies for the curt greeting I gave you when you arrived.  I did not properly introduce myself.  I am David Love and this is my sister Daisy.”  He nudges me forward presenting me to her in a ridiculously formal manner.
“I understand and it is wonderful to meet you both.”  Mary leans into me and kisses the air either side of my cheeks.  “I’ve heard so much about you.” 
I swallow hard and divert my attention to the man who stands behind her.  “And who is your companion?”  With the need to hide my emotions, my question comes out in an overly posh accent, which gives Jamie reason to smirk and contradict his sulky body language.
“Nahrung.”  Mary Worth dismisses and links her arm around my brother’s elbow to lead him to the sofa with her.  “I was devastated to hear about dear, dear Elizabeth.”  She pouts, accentuating her lips at my brother.  “We were like sisters once.”
“So Miss Worth, what brings your delightful presence to our door?”  My brother adeptly changes the subject using his charm offensive.  I can’t help but roll my eyes to the ceiling. 
“Please, call my Mary.  From the look of surprise on your face when I told you I am James’s wife, I guess he has kept me a secret.”  She purrs stroking David’s forearm whilst also slipping coquettish glances at Jamie.
“Yes I’m afraid he has, but it is an intriguing surprise and we are delighted to meet you.”  David shoots Jamie with a disdainful glare.
Jamie throws his arms up into the air.  “We have been separated for one hundred and twenty five years.  We are as estranged as you can get.”  He sighs.  “We were not even married by Vampire Lore, it was bloody human law, so I’m pretty sure it’s expired.”
“Till death do us part, was that not included in the solemn vows we made to each other?”  Mary smirks.  “Now, now let’s not have a domestic James, not in front of friends.  Remember, I am here to help you my darling husband.”  Her tone sharpens.  “But it is getting late and I’m exhausted from the travelling.  We will talk after I have rested.  James, show me to my room.”
“Fine, but as soon as you have rested Mary, we will talk.  This way.”  He sighs, barely pausing for her to follow.
“My bags?  James?” 
“Can’t your Nahrung get them?”  He grumbles, already half way up the stairs.
“Now come on Jay, we treat our guests with more courtesy than that.”  My brother smiles at Mary.  “Let me.  I’ll follow you up.”  He offers.
“At least someone has decent manners around here.”  She purrs.  “Wonderful to meet you Daisy.  I am sure we too will have much to talk about.”
Whilst David and Mary engage with each other, Jamie glances over to me, shakes his head, and rolls his eyes whilst aiming his knee-buckling grin at me.  I return his glance feigning immunity to his charms.  If I break my facade now I will collapse into an emotional mess and until I understand what is exactly going on here I refuse to expose my vulnerability to him.  My non-reaction makes him frown, but he follows Mary and David upstairs anyway.
* * * *
OUTSIDE away from the suffocating house, the late night air caresses my skin with its cool touch relieving some of the hot tension spreading through me.  Mindlessly, I twirl a cluster of pebbles around a nearby tree whilst I decide what I should do about Jamie and me. 
“Weren’t so long ago that you couldn’t even raise a feather.”  Jamie whispers against my ear, resisting placing even the lightest of touches on me, which is even more tantalising.
“Seems like a different time now.”  I take a step forward to create a safer distance between us but Jamie reaches out and pulls me back against his bare chest.  “Don’t.”  My voice waivers and the pebbles scatter to the ground.
“Red is most definitely your colour.”  He purrs.
The feel of his breath against my neck stirs delicious memories making my insides clench hungrily.  No surrender.  Not yet.  “You owe me an explanation.”  I prompt icily.
His lips slide to my bare shoulder.  “It’s always explanations first, with you.”  He teases in his seductive husky voice.  “I’ve explained.  She’s my wife by human law, not by Vampire Lore.  There’s nothing left between us.  She doesn’t love me and I don’t love her.  We are both in love with other people.” 
“That’s not the explanation I want.”
“So Titch, what do you want?”  He enquires, mocking me as he lazily unzips my dress.  Despite my best efforts to fight it, my skin quivers beneath his touch as his finger lightly trace spirals down my spine to the base of my lower back. 
“Was it just lust?”
“What me and Mary—”
“—No me-and-you.  Did you hold back because you were married and then gave in for one night of lust?  Was everything just to get your itch scratched?” 
“No!  Absolutely not.”  Jamie spins me around.  “I am crazy in love with you.  Every word I said to you was the truth.  You have got to start having more faith in me and what is between us.  Look I told you that I’d gone to hell and back before, well that was down to her.  Our marriage was a dark time in my life.  A time I am not proud of and try to forget.  That is why I don’t talk about it with anyone and not because I’m harbouring any kind of feeling for her.” 
I look up at his face.  His ice blue eyes are incandescent in the dark, reminiscent of the first night David introduced us.  Truly spellbinding.  “If that is the truth, why have you been seeing her?”  My eyes must be glistening as I can sense the tears threatening to resurface.
He studies them for a moment, shakes his head, and folds his arms across his puffed out chest.  “No, no, no.”  He says as if he is wrestling with himself.  “We have been together-together less than twelve hours.  I am not going to let you do this.  When I met with Mary it was strictly business, a means to an end.  So, Titch, you need to settle down and rein in that green-eyed monster.  It isn’t attractive.  It’s not even as if I am the one who has a history of betraying the people they love.”
That was below the belt.  It sends me into defensive mode.  “Betrayal comes in many forms Jamie Cromwell.  You left David and me without any explanation at a time when we all needed each other.  I am not jealous of your stupid wife.  I am angry that you lied to me and that you left me in your bed to sort things out with her.”
“Here we go again, little miss uppity.  I didn’t lie to you, I told you I had been in love before and went to hell and back.  I just didn’t tell you that I was married.”
“Fine.  Have it your way.”  I shove him in the abs and storm past him pass into the house.  I am tired of the games and lies.  I just want a simple life.  Is that too much to ask?
“Daze.  Wait.”  Jamie leaps in front of me just before I reach the door.  I scowl at him.  “Alright-alright, perhaps I should have mentioned it, maybe I would have eventually, when we were on an even keel.  I promise you I have only been meeting with her to trade information about Acheron and that is all.”
“Why?  What does she have to do with this?  Why has she suddenly arrived or was that the plan?”
“She has friends in high places and I don’t yet know why she is here.  I was not expecting her, I promise you.”  He gives me his cute crooked smile but I am not quite ready to let him win me over.  “If you and Dave hadn’t interrupted us and stayed upstairs like you were told, I may have gotten a few more answers.”
“Don’t you dare put this on me Jamie Cromwell?  You are the one who has a long lost wife and didn’t bother to mention it to anyone.”
“For god’s sake, she is not my wife, we are ESTRANGED!”  Jamie bellows theatrically, throwing his arms up in the air baring his frustration.  “In fact, I left her over one hundred and twenty five years ago.  I’m pretty sure we’ve expired the marriage.  I don’t see how you can stand there and berate me for this.  I have to compete with your ex’s on a day to day basis.” 
“Low blow, Jamie, low.  I never hid them from you.  They didn’t just turn up on the doorstep and surprise you.”
“Well, they did sort of.”  Jamie shakes out his shoulders as if he is physically trying to rein in his escalating temper.  “Listen to me.  Mary means nothing to me.  I have no idea why she has suddenly plonked herself on my doorstep.  It has nothing to do with us and it changes nothing between us, unless you let it.  You are the one trying to make a bigger deal out of this.  What’s up?  Got cold feet already?” 
“You are un-bel-ievable.”  I vent as I charge past him into the house and up the stairs into David’s room, locking the door behind me.



The Seven Sons of Lilith
Diablo, North America and South America 
Usiris, Ruler of Asia
Nomios, Ruler of Europe
Kimil, Ruler of Africa
Armaros, Ruler of The Middle East & Central Asia
Sameal, Ruler of Australia and Antarctica
Acheron, Ruler of United Kingdom & Ireland

Acheron’s First Vampire Colonel’s (FVC)
Sir Adam Beaumont, FVC for the Central Lands (Central and Northern England)
Charles Leicester, FVC for the Western Lands (Ireland & Northern Ireland)
Samuel Gray, FVC for the Southern Lands (Towns and Cities of Southern England)
Baron Aed Abercrombie, FVC for the Northern Lands (Scotland)
Edmund Coldham FVC for the Eastern Lands (East Anglia)

Part II of the Bellwether Blood Witches is coming 2013
Discover other titles by S E Collins at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/collinsSE

Connect with S E Collins on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/Buttaflii

