I moved along the silk of my bed trying to dodge the caress of sunrays, dreaming of my love, my source of life, Marcus.
Marcus... Marcus Visconti.
Those innocuous blue eyes that make my heart flutter each time they meet mine.
His arcane voice that makes every cell in me go buzzing, his brawny body stirring up every nerve, making me burst into flames; flames of raw desire, to possess him, have him completely for myself.
Even in a harebrained condition I would not think of having Marcus to myself, as he was a sexual magnet.
But after fourteen months of steady courtship between us, I was going to tell him that I was to have his child.
Marcus Visconti's child; and was avid to know the joy it would bring to his face. The joy it would bring when I reveal it to him... today, that I've been pregnant; now almost a month. I wouldn't wait to say it as I've waited for two months for his return; for he had gone home to Sicily, and now he is back, my Marcus is back and I can no longer hold my fire.
And with fire I realised I was now completely bare to the scorching sunrays tracing my face.
I disliked the feel of it piercing my skin; when within a fraction, the sensation of the blazing rays reminded me of Valentiniau Visconti...
My Boss...
The heir and a major share holder of Visconti Hotels.
One look through his piercing grey eyes charred his employees. I would scorch each time he'd look at me through those penetrating grey eyes. His supercilious and domineering tone of voice, I had been adjusting to since two years was arduous.
He was a sexual predator.
His body solitude - tall, powerfully built with olive skin, chiselled face with almost black hair.
He was hardly the type to be overlooked; as though the very god of sensuality - Eros had come down on earth to gratify the female populous.
The very thought of Valentiniau jolted me back to reality. I immediately looked at my table clock and it was half past six and I knew I was late for the day.
"Oh shit!" I gasped. 
Quickly jumping out of the bed, I headed straight to the shower. The warm water caressing against my skin made me feel alive. I would actually take a little long to shower as I love to splash water.
But today I have no time to squander, not especially when I had to be at Visconti office, in the meeting room, besides Valentiniau, by eight.
And knowing him so closely past two years, he would be on the dot.
Choosing what clothes to wear for the day, I opted for a navy blue dress with a thin strap lining in junction just bellow my bossom giving me a perfect shape of an hour glass, highlighting my curves and making my legs long and slender.
I stood in front of the mirror admiring the dress, it was a gift from Marcus. I put on my regular perfume and lip balm making my lip appear full.
Glancing at my watch I realised I still am running late and rushed towards the doorway picking my handbag, blackberry, office bag and a bunch of keys.
I rushed to my garage popped in the drivers seat to fire up my car. I failed to do so, as my stupid car just didn't want to start.
"Shit. Really of all the days today is the day you need to blast off?" I spat out, to my car, and rushed out to get to the train as soon as I could.
It had been almost a year since I had travelled by train. I boarded my train and enjoyed my ride to the office.
Reaching g the station I glanced at my watch and it ticked fifteen minutes to eight. I thought that I would grab a quick cup of tea and make it in time to the meeting.
I quickly entered the coffee shop and asked for a citrus flavoured tea. By the time I got my tea and billing done it was three minutes to eight and almost a two hundred meters to cross and get in the safe zone.
Hurrying through the horde I tried to squeeze in, in time for the elevator when I bumped into a man, walking besides me, spilling my not sipped tea.
"You... Tard. You think you're walking on your porch?" I pointed wildly at my shoes that had tea all over it.
" Madre di dio." I heard the man curse.
Glancing up I felt the air sucked out of my lungs at the very sight of Valentiniau and his well tailored white shirt soaked in my tea.
"Really?.. Miss Lockwood. TARD..." he spat out the words chafed by me.
I stood there as a deadpan glaring as he comes close to me; close enough to see his eagle eyes staring in mine.
Close enough to notice the small mole near the edge of his brow. His lips tart and jaw tensed.
"Aren't you supposed to be in the meeting room waiting with all my documents ready? Rather than displaying your maladroitness in my walkway." Drawled his acidic tongue.
I blushed with the sting of his acidic tongue. 'With months of practice I had learned to ignore this man's arrogant and charging verbal skills. But to be mortified amongst the other administrative personnel, with whom I dealt everyday was the limit.'
I felt the anger bubble inside me.
'How dare he talk to me like that?'
"Yes Mr. Visconti. I am supposed to be in a meeting room, ready with your documents, which you consigned to oblivion at the bistro, which I picked up on my way home making me late for the night." I levelled him.
"Just filling in the facts, which might be obliterated from your intelligence?" I said as I finished picking up my items of the ground before briefly taking a glance at him.
Gathering my shattered self esteem and courage I walked pass him to get into the elevator. I did not wait for him to blow back.
'It was his chance to feel the discomfiture, when the beans are spilled.'
I rushed out of the elevator into the meeting room; to arrange all the documents I had with me and to calm myself before the next blazing Valentiniau stare.
'I have always found his every stare nerve racking and secretly called it "the- VULPINE Stare".'
I heard Marcus' voice and immediately turned to see him. He was a sight for sore eyes. He winked at me and I back.
Meanwhile Valentiniau entered his jaw tensed, I could sense the frustration built up in him as he was for the very first time late for the meeting.
I smirked inwardly,'he would have never thought that I, Catherine Lockwood could be sharp tongued.'
"Good morning gentlemen and apologies for the delay." Was a tort reply by him, when one of the members of the board, asked me the reason for Valentiniau's dalliance.
He walked passed the members and sat on his assigned seat next to me never breaking the eye contact. He stared towards me as though I was his prey and he would pounce any moment.
Meeting commenced and the discussion went on, on how to increase their share rates and company value.
I found it extremely boring to sit through these meetings as I knew what the final outcome would be. Valentiniau would ask the members to research more over the options placed and that to come up with new ventures.
I was really trying hard to focus on what was being discussed but my eyeballs were fixated only on one person, my Marcus. I was restlessly marking the time for the meeting to get over, so that I could rush into Marcus ' s arms.
"Any new ideas for expansion? Marcus? Mr. Visconti? Members? Valentiniau spoke in husky but loud voice that jolted me from my chimera.
"How about the merger with Salvator's?" Hushed Marcus, avoiding Valentiniau's look of disbelief.
"No. Have you any other idea?" Gritted Valentiniau.
"No, but I guess you should all think over the merger. It would be beneficial for both companies." Said Marcus.
Valentiniau was sea red and I knew this would lead to an unnecessary dispute.
"Let's think it over till the next meeting. Would you agree to that Mr. Visconti? Everyone would get the time to research on that idea and weigh it's pros and cons.' I spieled to avoid the fumes from Valentiniau.
"Very well. Gentlemen." He nodded and walked passed the greeting members and employees leaving me to wrap up the meeting.
"So the next and last meeting for this year will be held on 19th December before christmas. And all proposals put forward in today's meeting are to be cleared and finalised by the next meeting." I paused to catch my unstable breath.
"That's all for the day. Thank you very much for your esteemed time. Gentlemen." I greeted and waited for others to great and leave the hall.
I eyed Marcus, and could make out his annoyance on account on Valentiniau's conduct.
The door shut behind the last person exiting from the room; leaving me and Marcus alone together after two long months, I swiftly moved to hug Marcus and landed in his arms. I needed to feel the passion we shared. I needed Marcus to take my mouth now at this very moment and drench me with his passion. I needed to be claimed by his mouth. 
And he did.
He claimed by closing my mouth with his. He went on kneading my lips with his and bit my lower lip. I gasped for air lessen its pain and he immediately pushed his tongue into me grasping the opportunity. He taste so good and fresh, minty. I loved his taste in my mouth. Finally after what seemed a long time we drifted apart, trying to gain balance and to succor our pounding hearts to breathe.
"I missed you so much. All I wanted was to be in your arms. To be away was like pricking a nail each day into my heart." I said after gaining my breath. I shivered at the thought of being away from him.
"Aww... I missed you too pumpkin. I'm sorry I couldn't call often as I was tied up in work." He admitted while holding my delicate nape.
He finally closed the gap between us by claiming my mouth with his. Probing the edge of my lip and teasing the fullness of my lower lip and slowly moving his tongue on mine.
I wanted to surrender myself then and there to him, to fulfill my carnal needs. But I gathered myself to push away from him, to let him know about the new life we were about to bring in this world.
"What's the matter Cat? Is something wrong? Are you not feeling well?" He inquired pulling me into his arms.
"Aha. No I am well and there isn't anything wrong." I pause to ponder, that how should I, crack the pot about our baby.
"Umm... I need to tell you something Marc."
"I'm all ears baby. Tell me what is it that's keeping my darling so frazzled. He probed, holding me from back and pulling me down to sit on his lap.
"Well. It's just that I didn't want to wait for the right time to tell you. I have waited a month to say it so I'm just gonna say it." I felt myself go cold and frigid.
"Okay."
"I am pregnant, and you're gonna be a daddy." I blurted nervously. The words were tingling in my ears, and by looking at his face frigid and feeling his finger icy, I was sure they tingled in his too.
Though in truth I felt a warm surge of blood on my face being relieved having told Marcus, but the feeling soon disappeared when the silence peaked. Looking at Marcus I realized that he had receded his hands from my waist to the arm of the chair and that the air in the hall between us had gone queer.
He was flabbergasted with this news. He had an expression plastered to his face, as if he got stuck in the vicious BLACK HOLE.
"Pregnant?? How? I mean we always used protection. I always used a condom. Then how did you get pregnant?" He spieled fisting his palm to his forehead.
"The last time we were together we had not, for it was in the safe period."
"Yes but..."
"So they aren't always safe."
"Okay. Okay. We can deal with it."
"Deal with IT? It's not a buisness fuck up, which you'd deal with. It's about a child; our child." I spat out in anger for I realised his denial.
"Fine.. But we can't have a child Catherine. I don't want a child. Did I make myself loud and clear?"
"But. Why. Not?" I almost screeched emphasising on each word feeling dejected of his love.
"We have been together almost over a year. We love each other. Then, why not have this child?" I could not believe myself saying the words I just did, trying to drill some sense in his thick skull. I felt like a fool at the very moment.
"Because.."
"Because..?" I probed him softly to tell me what, was the cause behind his denial.
"Because... I'm engaged, Catherine. I am engaged to Andrea." He shamefully announced.
I felt my legs go feeble as though they had jellied. Tears sprang up and I became disorientated. I felt as though I was stabbed right in my gut. Trying to overcome the wild revelation, I sat on the chair.
"When?" I managed to question in a hushed voice. I needed to know the extent of his dishonesty. For some insane reason I thought he would be forced into it, and that we could over come the problem together.
"Six months back when I had visited home." With this my insane reasoning was halted and without wasting a single second shattered to pieces just like my throbbing heart.
"Six months. And you said nothing to me. You kept fooling around with my emotions."I completely enraged by his putrid promulgation.
"I wasn't fooling around Cat. I just didn't get the right juncture to let you know. I am engaged to Andrea as my mother wants me to. I can not call of the engagement if that's what's cooking in your feeble head."
I just stared back at him clueless as to why in the first place, did I allow this slime to touch and rule me.
"Why can't you?" I blurted out before I could stop my words. I was so angry I wasn't thinking straight.
"Come on Catherine. You think I'd marry you? You are good but not Andrea and definitely not Andrea Salvator's. "He mocked.
I felt another blow to my face. I had never felt so cheap and diddly in my life.
"You swine. Bastard. You think females are at your disposal." I shouted.
"Don't be upset love. I'll pay for the abortion. You need to get it aborted. Now."
"In your vile dreams. I am not killing my child." I announced walking towards the projector filing in the gap between us.
"You are, as I am not going to take any responsibility of this child. So if you don't agree in a good way, I'll drag you to the extent of miscarriage. And that my love will be very painful." He said speculating my reaction.
I went mordant with his malevolence.
"You can go to hell. Even for a split second do not think I will be shoved away and get an abortion done. Never, and if you even try to touch me I will file a complaint against you; Mr. Visconti."
"You would not dare such a thing baby."
"You rat, now my lawyers will talk to you, after it goes viral in public." I said in a slow, clear and spiteful tone.
"Catherine you will do no such thing that will affect my relation with the Salvator's. I will not let you and your inanity ruin my life. I will be the sole owner of Salvator buisness."
"You are the most atrocious, heinous charlatan on the face of earth. Your brother may be a rake and an intolerant prejudiced chauvinistic monomaniac, but, he would never deceive someone to fulfill his aspirations, as his elan vital is free of acrimony." I squealed.
I felt as though I dint have control over my motor neurons and my tongue took up to a fancy whim at the very moment, to become the most poisonous viper on the face of earth.
"So you can forget your dream of owning the Salvator Company and the abortion. I pity that in our brawl Mr. Visconti and the company would have to bear the brunt."
I felt an air of satisfaction in my pit when I saw Marcus fuming with each verbal progress made by me.
He stepped forward and placed a perfect blow onto my face. I didn't see that coming and to speak the truth had never expected that my Marcus would do it. It was I who was in denial. In shock, trying to absorb what transpired a moment ago.
"Marcus." Spat Valentiniau, in a hoarse voice walking in through the doors. The room suddenly changed temperature from fire hot to icy cold with each advancing step made by him. His stare fixed on my cheeks that were pale except where I was hit.
I was as dead as a nail. I didn't know how much did Valentiniau listen before bursting in on us. I could feel the very life getting sucked out of me with each step he took towards me. His jaw clenched and eyes ablaze. I suddenly went weak on my knees about to collapse; when he held my waist to steady me with his stalwart hands.
"Catherine? Are you alright?"He inquired in a hushed voice, supporting my back with one hand and holding my chin with other, to scrutinize the mark over my cheek.
"Ye... yes Mr. Visconti I am alright." Was all I could form to reply, stuttering, trying to relieve myself from his firm grip. When I looked up trying to access him I found him observing the impression of assault made by his half brother over my pale face. I felt conscious of myself and of his stare, as I knew my wet eyelashes stuck to each other, my cheeks had tear path all over and the scarlet of nose revealing that I had been snivelling.
For the first time, in a very long time, I had showed and felt anger, contempt and sadness. To be precise, after five years.
"Marcus." Valentiniau growled.
Marcus walked ahead and came to face Valentiniau and a feeble me still in Valentiniau's embrace. I could see FEAR on his face, and that lifted my spirits somewhat to be able to stand without being jellied.
"There will be no merger of Visconti's and the Salvator's and there will be no abortion." Silence filled the air. Marcus and I became uptight on knowing that he had heard every bit of our fiasco.
"If you can not take the responsibility of your child, I will."
"Valentiniau?" Blurted Marcus with disbelief.
"Mr. Visconti?" I spoke in shock, unable to understand the sudden affirmation; but at the same time I felt safe hearing those words assuring, that my child would be safe.
"I was, I am and I will be carte blanch for the Visconti empire. I hope I have made myself crystal clear."
I could sense the incompetence and humiliation Marcus felt. His expression of one as though he had got an egg on face. He had turned crimson with embarrassment especially with an audience like me.
"Get out" Was all Valentiniau said whilst facing me.
"Val I'm your bro..." Marcus tried dejected by his threat.
"Brother? It's a threadbare phrase." Barged Valentiniau sliding his hands in his pants, now facing Marcus. I could feel the anger and contempt in his voice, that made me skip a beat.
"Now get out of my boardroom and push the door close when you make yourself sparse." He gritted in his Sicilian accent.
I found Valentiniau's decision recherché. To recieve empathy and benevolence from him was a chance in a million. I thought I was being preposterous.
"I guess there will be no need, for tarnishing the Visconti name as soon you will be one amongst us." He wisper ed cutting in trail of thoughts I was set on.
"Ummhh.." I vacuously blinked my eyes.
I could feel the attraction between us that I had never felt before. His stare no more piercing but burning with raw desire to possess me and protect me from all but him. I was mystified by his protectiveness and closeness that we had just shared. I couldn't think of anything but just stare back at him endlessly.
"Can we get back to work now? We have a meeting Miss Lockwood and you need to update me on that." Saying this he slid his other hand from my waist breaking the magnetism between us. I felt flushed and my response became as slow as next to nil.
"Catherine... Cathie?" His voice popped me out of my bewilderment.
"Hmmm... yes." I replied bleakly.
I started walking with slow steps waiting for him to proceed out of the room before me, leaving me behind so that I could cry my heart out. I didn't get the chance to spill out my abhorrence I had built up when Marcus admitted to be messing around with my heart.
I felt broken and used. I felt inadequate - for any man in the universe.
"Catherine, you are not crying over that stronzo." He walked besides me till the door and pushed opened the door waiting for me to move out.
I blinked at him, sucked in a deep breath and moved out of the room with him.
I rushed towards my cabin. I wanted to be away from the crowd, the phone, every possible thing that would intrude my venting out. I pushed open my cabin door, made a quick entry and slammed it back, tears springing up,pricking to make escape of those barriers. I tried recollecting the whole ignominy that took place minutes ago; but with all that pain I felt a vague satisfaction on remembering in Valentiniau's concern. I wanted to analyse the whole situation but I had no time to do so. It struck me that the next meeting is due in fifteen minutes and I was yet to brief Mr. Visconti. I gave an assurance to my heart that I would let it cry out loud, once I was free of this maddening boscage of guileful double faced milieu. 
The intercom rang and with panic I recieved.
"Catherine I want you in my office in five." I registered the fact and left my cabin with the documents of the subsequent meeting, once I had unsoiled myself of all the dirt that Marcus had shoved onto my face.
"Mr. Visconti?" I questioned while entering his cabin.
"Certainly. Yes." I heard his voice from one corner of spacious room.
He simply nodded his head and waved a hand signalling me to get in.i came in with least effort and stood near his desk waiting for him to end his conversation on call. I observed his desk, as always he had a neat piled up documents at one end and a row of stationary followed by his laptop set at other end. I always wondered that a man of his stature opted for a highly polished wooden escritoire and not that of a fancy glass top.
Standing close to him I could savour the fascinating cologne. I had always loved the fragrance as it reminded me of my mother. She used to keep this male cologne bottle in her closet, and when asked why she'd say it was the only thing that reminded her of my father Nicolai.
My, dead, Greek multi billionaire father.
The thought of my father was always a welcomed one but the man that followed in the trail was not, Mr. Demitrice Christakos.
"It would be my pleasure to come to the auction and help for the cause. See you Mr. Brown. Take care and extend my regards to your family." He ended breaking my chain of thoughts, now looking towards me.
"Catherine... Ummhh... add the auction in my diary for Sunday night at eight pm." He instructed, gazing at me and probably thinking about the muck his half brother had created.
I immediately started to enter the event in his diary and was trying to concentrate on work, rather than think of his opinion of me.
As I almost finished scribing, I realised that he was in deep thoughts, and somehow I could sense it that I had a role in those thoughts. His eyes, hazy as the winter storm. With a knock on the door, he slightly raised his head to riposte the thud, and so did I. Mr. Dawson his chauffer came in with a box and his small bill book. He handed it to him and smiled towards me. He always had a liking towards me, for reasons unknown. But I guess staying with Mr. Visconti all time; to be at his back and call he would have been frustrated and to see or speak to someone without fear bis a little welcoming change in contrast to the stormy Mr. Visconti.
"Morning Miss Lockwood."
"Morning Rick, and please it's Catherine or Cathie." I greeted him with all the warmth left in me and immediately asked about his daughter remeber in she had an awful cold and fever last week when I had inquired about her.
"How is Brenda? Hope that she has recovered from that nasty cold."
"Yes yes... she has. Thank you for asking Catherine."
I simply smiled and nodded with a blink. Realising a little late that Valentiniau's eagle eyes were on me.
'Wait why am I calling him Valentiniau I always called him Mr. Visconti or Mr. Vulpine, never Valentiniau. God am I softening up to this man. No never. He is just as repulsive as his shitty brother.'
He broke the spell and looked down towards his documents as though a child being caught of stealing a candy bar.
"Umm... Dawson I want you to keep the ride ready, we will be rolling in five." He stated while signing the documents.
" Yes sir. Anything else?" Rick asked.
"No."
"Ok sir." Rick replied and turned to his heal to leave. Looking towards me he greeted.
"Goodbye Catherine. Have a lovely day."
"You to. Goodbye Rick." I replied plainly.
"Oh well. Not so soon. Miss Lockwood will be accompanying us." Valentiniau interrupted sarcastically, now looking towards me with his stormy eyes. I had no clue what chaffed his explosive mind.
"Ok sir. "
Turning towards me and taking his leave he simply uttered.
"Ma'am."
I waited for Rick to leave and the door to seal.
"Why will I be accompanying you, Mr. Visconti? " I asked perplexed as I remeber well there was no meeting in my schedule that was to accompany him.
"Catherine, please do carry the file delievered by my lawyers yesterday."he asked ignoring my question.
He was waiting for a confirmation, but I stood there in defiance to know the reason of a sudden change without prior intimation to where we were going and for what reason. Finally after on whole long minute when he didn't recieve any answer, he looked towards me. I was still staring at him waiting for him to reply to my question. He sighed and replied.
"Ok. Well I have this meeting in an hour at the other end of the town and I also want to discuss certain matters...with you. And since I do not want to travel back just to do that, you will have to unfortunately tag along."
He paused trying to gauge my thoughts by my expression.
I was taken a back by his firm answer and the idea of discussing the fiasco with him made my tummy churn up to a point that I would have thrown up. But the urge was stopped by his succeeding question.
"Ok?" He looked at me with pleading eyes and no more bitter stare. It melted my heart to see that Valentiniau could be so caring, but I could not trust him. Hoe could I when his brother is the very reason for my pain.
"Ahh... No Mr. Visconti with all due respect I have to finish the presentation for tomorrow's meeting. And also have to prepare the documents along with our lawyer Mr. Shaw." I refused with some authority and reasoning.
Now, trying to look straight into his face, hoping that the excuse; would bar me from the discussion.
"Well that's not a problem."
He held the intercom and dialled waiting for an answer on opposite end.
"Good morning sir." Said the voice so loud and clear that his panic was felt.
Looking at me he replied, " Well, good morning Mr. Watson. Now I want you to take the files for tomorrow's presentation. The pretext of the presentation will be explained to you by Miss Lockwood."
"And, Mr. Watson you may collect the files right away in my cabin." I was dumbfounded by his actions. All my labour to back out from him bumped me further into his deep clutches.
"Thank you Mr. Watson."
Pressing the end button he looked to examine my face. In past half an hour I had been rendered speechless at every instant. And the same happened at this very moment.
I was shocked again; this time by Valentiniau's act. He'd never been casual towards meeting preparations.
"So are we sorted for the dilemma of presentation?" He asked and had a smirk on his face telling me that there was no possible way out but to surrender in his game.
"But Mr. Shaw..." I tried my last weapon to save me from facing the fears with him judging me all through the plea.
"Aah... regarding Mr. Shaw, we will go together and discuss the agreement terms. That will save time from reviewing the documents."
Dazed, I had nothing to argue except to TAG ALONG.
He dismissed me and asked to meet him in two minutes near the elevator to give me time to sort things with Mr Watson and grab hold my necessary things. I nodded and started walking towards the door and sensing his stare lingering on my back following me, I moved quickly out of the cabin. On my way out I heaved a sigh of relief for being free though it was for just a few minutes.
I rushed to my bag and to the piles of file to search for the apt one. Later I had a quick glance at myself, checking my hair and lipstick and cheeks. After a touch here and there and slight make-up, I rushed towards the elevator where I met Mr. Watson. I handed over the presentation copy and started walking with him towards the elevator along with briefing him on the subject of the presentation. I sensed Valentiniau coming towards us and so rushed with the details and at the same time trying to press the elevator button. In the past few hours I had become super sensitive to his presence, for reasons unknown and that messed with my already tangled head.
Valentiniau stood tall next to Mr. Watson.
"Good morning sir. I have taken all the details for the presentation from Miss Lockwood."
"Morning. Good, so I hope to see it done, and done well on Friday." He simply stated with an air of arrogance without once apologising for the sudden pile of work.
"Sir." Watson nodded and left.
The elevator doors slid open and Valentiniau swayed his long hand towards my waist slightly pushing me forward gesturing to enter first.
I entered the elevator and stood at one corner as far as I could from him. If only I could hang over the elevator ceiling, like the spider man. I could feel the hot flush on my cheeks.
Valentiniau entered after me. I was trying hard to avoid any type of contact be it physical or orbital. When I looked up I caught him staring at me with distant look in his eyes. I blushed, pressing the button for G level.
On our way down there was silence strained with tension. I was always intimidated by his presence but at this moment intimidated would be an understatement. Asphyxiation was the correct word.
As soon as the doors opened I rushed out of the elevator and through the doors I saw Rick standing by the car with door open.
Valentiniau was right behind me, looking towards me, he requested, "Please." for me to enter the car first.
Later he settled next to me after instructing Rick about the destination.
Ignition on and we were on our way for the meeting. He was going through the documents, and I was fidgeting with my fingers, Rick calmly driving and soft music being played. I tried concentrating on the music and not to think about the after meeting scenario. I listened carefully it was Mozart I could recognise the pain in each note. There was a time when I used to listen to violin and piano concerts of Mozart, Beethoven and Bach's with my mother and even till the recent year. But being with Marcus I had adapted my vestibule to the sound of rock and pop music.
It transformed me from being tensed to serene. I took a side glance towards him and studied his face his long sleek nose deep curled eyelashes that brushed his skin, his arrogant lips that could make a man piss in his pants. His dark eyes, yes those grey eyes that turn color according to his mood can scare the pants off. His dark hair with a tinge of gold in them falling on his forehead made him look blue blooded. I wanted to feel his hair. I wondered whether they would be soft or harsh like him. I wanted to burry my nose and smell them. I looked down his throat was every bit delicious like crushed strawberries on ice cream. Hmmm... that thought made my tummy go on a roll. His tie was loosed around his neck with a button open, I could see the skin beneath it looked warm and I wanted to burry myself in that warmth.
All of a sudden I heard a screeching voice and our car came to a sudden halt.
"Madre di dios. What's happening Dawson?" He demanded.
"Sir there was a pedestrian running over. I had to stop to a sudden halt." Replied Rick.
I was zapped out of my day dreaming and noticed an irresponsible pedestrian crossing hurriedly. Rick took of immediately and we were on our way a few minutes to the destination. I wondered how I had the strength to be away from him and maintain the professional decorum. I reflected deep within myself to find that source of control, and I realized; that it had always been difficult to do so, in spite of him intimidating me. So the best way was to think of him as a player and be away but I like a big fool ended up hurt with his blasted brother.
I sighed and he looked questioningly at me, but was saved when Rick effortlessly stopped the car near the entrance and jumped out to quickly open the door for us. He stared for a few seconds but shook his head and stepped out waiting for me to follow. We were out and on our way to the meeting hall. He entered the room full of men in waiting for him with me trudging along. There was a look of confusion on each and every persons face, as it was the first time Valentiniau was not alone for a meeting.
Sensing the confusion he addressed them, "Afternoon everyone. This is Miss Lockwood my Executive Assistant and she is accompanying me for preparing notes on today's discussion for future analysis."
"Mr. Bone can you spare a chair for the lady next to mine?"
"Indeed Mr. Visconti." And he shifted to another chair.
The lights were turned out as soon as everyone was settled, I without facing anyone simply stared at the projection in front of me. After few minutes I slid my eyes towards left to look at Valentiniau, only to know that he was starring right back at me with twice the intensity. Quickly glancing back at the projection I thought of not looking back at Valentiniau, as I had never noticed such intenseness in his eyes. I wanted to know the reason behind it. I was sure it had nothing to do with my going about with Marcus. Then why did he stare at me as if he'd ravish me right now on this table if given a chance. I could feel his gaze still throwing fireballs at me.
'Ohh God is it real or just a figment of my imagination.'
'I'm going crazy and blowing it out of proportion. He can't be Cathie for one he's your boss; two he is a multi billionaire and probably wouldn't notice you if you wouldn't be pregnant with his slimy brother; and three he dates models, his last girl was a Victoria secret model with long legs, taut body and blonde hair which is nowhere near you.'
Finally the lights were put on and I shut myself up looked towards him, he smiled and I returned the politeness, but I had a feeling that the evening was going to be far from good.
He expressed his opinion and the points were jotted down by every member. Few minutes later, we headed towards Mr. Shaw's office to discuss the legalities to overtake Salvator Corporation. After the intense session and discussion over coffee, it was decided to place a proposal to the Salvator's after six months.
Feeling relieved that the meetings were over he had a look of calm and satisfaction, whereas on the other side I was at a point about to faint.
I slipped in his car his Saab, it felt awesome to sit in it. I wondered how it would be to drive it. I had never had the money to afford one before I got this job. And suddenly i heard from a distant.
"Catherine. Catherine.. Cathie." I tried to look at the source calling me it was him, and the fact that he was inches apart made me realise how lost I was in my thought that his sound appeared distant.
"Yes Mr. Visconti" I replied blushing for not being mentally present.
"I have asked Dawson to take us to Ritz. We can sit there and discuss over lunch about everything." He said with caring tone looking at me with those innocuous eyes.
"It is really not necessary Mr. Visconti. I'm sure Marcus will realise in a day or two and everything will be sorted." I immediately jumped moving in opposite direction creating space so that I could face him.
"If you say so, but I know Marcus since he was in diapers. And let me tell you what you think is greatly weighing towards wrong side."
We were hindered by the halting car.
Vacating the car we headed towards a reserved table booked for Valentiniau. We sat and he nudged me to peek in the list of food.
"So what would you like to eat? Decided anything?" he asked sweetly. I was shocked as he has never been so compassionate towards anybody, I doubt his own family.
"Umm... I'll like to have a salmon steak." I replied shyly.
"Any preferences on the side? Zucchini? or broccoli?" he asked casually.
"Yea. Actually anything is fine. I'm really not that hungry."
"Pstk pstk.. Catherine you really need to eat especially now that you're with a child. I don't want you fainting around."
The waiter arrived to take our order.
"Hi my name is Ronald and I'll be at your assistance today. Ready for your order Sir? Ma'am?" he asked starring at me with a smile on his face.
We nodded. I looked at Valentiniau to signal him, to give the order; but he was starring angrily at Ronald. His jaw tensed and he was murmuring some Italian curses his way.
"Well yes." He said clearing his throat loud enough to yank Ronald back to him.
"We'll have a grilled seafood salad and Mussels in basil bread crumbs. Then a chicken cordon blue steak with fried potatoes and steamed zucchinis. A salmon steak baked with broccoli asparagus and zucchinis." He ordered with authority never once losing eye contact and each word emphasized with a demurring tone that made Ronald uncomfortable.
"OK. Umm any wine to go with it?"
"Yes. I would like a Sancerre white wine. Thank you." And he signalled him to leave us.
Not knowing how to break the ice Valentiniau started, "Now that we are done with all the ordering, tell me about your family Catherine, the parts that I don't know."
"My family?" I was taken aback by his sudden interest in my family. I didn't expect he was able to play a role of a compassionate human apart from being an arrogant businessmen and a rake.
"Well my mom was American and my dad was Greek. They met each other when my dad visited the states and they fell in love and got married here. His father didn't approve of it so we stayed here and when I was seventeen my father died in an accident. My mom took care of me from then on I am the only child." I paused to gauge his understanding of what I just blurted out. I was never comfortable talking about my family.
"Ok. So you don't have any extended family? I mean cousins or relatives?"
I was really getting nervous at all this interrogation and just wanted to hide myself in my pillow. Oh how I missed my pillow right now.
'God help me through this.'
'I wonder, why he has this sudden urge to know me well? I'm not going to marry him if that's the reason of his pokey questions. And my relatives, huh yeah right my so called grandfather and aunt Hera. No I'm not going to tell him, that I'm the granddaughter of a shipping magnet of Greece.'
"No. None that I remember." I lied convincingly at least that's what I hope.
"Aha. Well so--." Valentiniau's interrogation was stopped when Ronald was back with our wine and food.
"Hello again. Here's your wine and food that you ordered." He said it with his professional smile.
"Thank you" I managed to reply.
"May I assist you with anything else?" he questioned smiling at me.
"No." Was the stern reply Valentiniau gave him with a glare saying get the hell out of here.
Ronald immediately left without uttering a word.
I ignored Valentiniaus stare and started sipping my wine. Well I wouldn't say sipping exactly more of gulping it. I needed the intoxication to get me through with the lunch with him.
We had our salads and food in silence, just glaring at each other, cutting our stares when the other caught the one. I felt flushed each time I looked up to find him starring right back at me.
'I feel like a high school girl on her first date. Wait date, no not with him. Never. What am I thinking?'
'God.' I sighed to myself.
After almost eating our lunch in silence along with the staring and blushing Valentiniau suddenly asked, "So would you tell me what exactly did happened... I mean between Marcus and yourself."
I had turned sickly grey and hesitant.
"Please. Catherine I need to know in order to help you. I want you to believe me." He stared into my frighten eyes to console me, but he rather penetrated them and I felt bared as though he could see through me.
"Talk to me as a friend Catherine. You need not think me as your boss."
I looked at him and tears rolled down. I was at loss of words. He simply shifted himself and sat next to me holding my hand.
"Shhh... don't... I told you don't waste your tears on that stronzo. He is a fool Catherine and for that I deeply apologize. But I need to know that, are you absolutely sure it is Marcus's child?"
With flames of anger my face was flushed.
'How dare he. He has the nerve to ask me that question? Did he take me for some kind of a whore to sleep around and get pooped up to find a bank?'
"How dare you Mr. Visconti. You think I'm some gold digging bitch that'd lie about being pregnant with your dumb brother's child. You disgust me even more."
I stood to leave when Valentiniau caught my hand and pulled me down.
"You do not leave until I say leave. And to answer your question, no I do not think of you as a gold digging bitch. I just needed the truth."
'The truth about what? Mr. Visconti. That how, your brother fooled me into sleeping with him. Or, of all the fake promises he made of marrying me.'
"Catherine I know Marcus in and out and if you're sure you are pregnant than there is no option left but to marry me."
I was bowled over with Valentiniau's statement.
"No. It can't happen. I am not some toy that can be tossed between you brothers." I hissed with all the anger in me.
"I can raise my child on my own. I do not require any suppo--."
"That child inside you has Visconti blood and it will not be veiled from its culture and bloodline." Valentiniau cut me throwing equal anger on my face.
"I do not wish to carry on this discussion and my decision is final I am not marrying you. Now if you'd excuse me I need to go home as I'll be late." I said with all the bitterness I could express. I was distort and completely broken. I had no words left.
As I got up to leave I felt dizzy as though the world was spinning just to get back at me. The last thing I remembered was Valentiniau's arms around me and the fright on his face while he called my name.
"Catherine... Cathe--?"
I could hear some feeble noise of the doors sliding. I felt a hand on my face caressing me. It reminded me of my father. He used to slide the back of this finger over my cheek and tugged locks of unruly hair back when I used to be asleep. I used to catch his hand and tug it close to me. Hmmm I tugged at his hand again and was lost again.
The next thing I know that I felt drained and dizzy. I was thirsty. Hungry. I woke up Valentiniaus hand tugged close to my chest with him draped on to me. I was mortified with this realization.
'Oh no I must have tugged his hand like I used to do it with dad. Shit what am I to do?'
And suddenly my body was paralyzed when I absorbed my surrounding. I was in a spacious room on a king size bed draped in satin covers. I started analyzing every detail of the room, the rich brown curtains, the spotlessly clean side table, the soft cushions, the Persian rugs, and in all a new atmosphere. I slid my hand below the covers only to discover that I was wearing an inept negligee. My heart started pounding even harder.
'Did I sleep with him?'
'Did he undress me and got me into this thread of cloth that hardly hides my body?'
'What did I speak to him when I was unconscious?'
'And why am I in his room?'
'Oh dear God what have I done now?'
My mind was like a ticking clock when I felt him move his face deeper in my neck, his hands slithering down to my waist. I could feel the warmth of air in his breathing. He felt so warm and cozy. I tried turning my head slowly towards him and to glide myself from him to get away but to my hardship I could only move so much as to have a glance at his face. His well sculpted face. His looks were too virile for his own good. He was too hot and sexy every sculpted muscle echoing masculinity. But my favorite was his dark shinny hair. I just wanted to slid my fingers at the nape of his neck into his hair and tug them into my fist.
'Should I slide my hands? Maybe slowly I don't think he'll notice.'
'Fuck what am I doing? Why am I thinking of him. Catherine Lockwood he is your boss and Marcus' brother, do not think of marrying him.' I tried telling myself.
'He is arrogant and a complete rake. He will never be loyal to you.' I kept on thinking when suddenly I felt him move and I shut my eyes.
I felt him breath heavy and slip his hands away from me and slowly lifting his face from my neck and leg from mine. I heard him pop up and rush towards the shower room.
I slyly opened my eyes and found the room empty but the bathroom door was half ajar. I heard the shower go on. I quickly got up just to see myself in the mirror.
'I look sinful in this negligee of a nightdress. And my hair, fuck my hair looks as though I had wrestled my way to sleep.'
Before I could conclude anything more the shower stopped and I jumped back in the bed shutting my eyes pretending to sleep. I was so not ready to face him. I felt his presence as I could smell the lavender body wash and his after shave cologne. It was a very welcoming fragrance. I split my eye open and saw his back to me. Valentiniau's back, rich olive skin, muscular aptly in a V shaped and the rub held at its end. He was a sight for sore eyes. I could sense my heart beating as though it would jump out and my nipples taut.
I wanted to ogle a little longer, but suddenly he turned catching me stare at his body. I tried getting up when.
"Like what you see hmm?" He smirked with lifting an eyebrow.
I had never felt that embarrassed in my life.
"No." I immediately replied to hide my embarrassment.
"Don't deny it cara mia." He chuckled and started moving closer to where I stood disarmed and bared in the not so conservative nightwear. He was close enough that I could feel his breath on my ears.
"I can say when one relishes a sight beyond price, tesoro mia." He spoke in a husky voice.
His breath of each word spoken made contact on my neck, while he nuzzled his nose on the side of my neck down. He softly licked the edge of my ear and caught it between his lips. I flinched at his touch.
'His touch, his breath, his voice has become my exclusive poison. The poison, that would send me to great heights of ecstasy, beyond hell and high waters.'
I instantly moved away without looking at him and rushed to the shower room and looked at my reflection. I almost didn't recognize the woman staring back at me. My hair was rumpled, it needs a good brushing. My cheeks are stained satin red of the heat emitting from my earlier encounter. I unconsciously glided my finger where Valentiniau had nuzzled on the length of my neck and ears. But the most alarming part right now when I stared at me were my eyes, they looked vulnerable yet flickered passion. I removed the night wear and hit the shower. The warm water tracing my skin felt so good and relaxing.
'Maybe after I'm bathed and dressed I'll ask Visconti to answer my list of questions as long as my arm.'
'I have tons of work left for the meeting on Saturday. Oh shit its tomorrow. How am I going to finish my preparation?'
Once I finished my shower I stood back in the huge shower room realizing i had not brought my clothes in.
'Damn me!'
I slowly pulled the door open, just enough to peek through the room. Valentiniau was nowhere to be seen, so I did a mental tap dance at stepped out just to be thrown for a loop. I was standing at the entrance of his closet. He breathed behind me.
"Good morning mia bella signora" I jumped when I felt his lips graze my bare back. I saw Valentiniau stepping out of his walk-in closet. He looked every bit ravishing in his blue shirt with top buttons undone. His well fitted Armani pants that emphasized his muscled thighs and his length.
"What are you doing? Mr. Visconti." I replied nonchalantly.
"Just wishing you. Is that a crime?" he asked half smiling.
'That arrogant bastard.'
"Good morning Mr Visconti that is the answer to your wishes. Second I am not your beautiful lady. Third well it is not a crime to wish somebody but definitely barbaric to do so while mentally marauding someone when they are vulnerable." I told him firmly.
I could see lust dancing in his eyes, when he spoke, "That mouth of yours is sure to face serious trouble as it guards an ophidian tongue." He moved forward and bent just few inches away from my lip staring lasciviously.
"I would be pleased to tame the ophidian tongue you have signora and I promise you that the act involved will be every bit nefarious and salacious." He hushed them and I could feel my legs tremble.
There was silence. Not a word uttered. Finally he lifted himself and pulled to create space. I was dumbfounded and eye fixed.
"Next time, I won't be able to control myself piccola mia as I love to accept a demanding challenge." He bent forward. "And mind you, I always win mio bel serpente peccatrice." He chuckled the last phrase and brushed a kiss at the edge of my lips.
With that he left me standing disarmed, shocked, inarticulate and exposed. I had not realized it up till now that he had me rendered speechless.
I quickly tried to jolt back from my daze and started dressing myself. I brushed my hair and put on some make minimal make up. Thanks to my bag that allows space to carry the minimal I need.
While doing so it suddenly dawned that, 'He had the guts to call me mio bel serpente peccatrice, his beautiful sinful serpent, my foot. I will drill the fact in that barbarian man that I am not HIS.'
Meanwhile a woman maybe in her mid forties came in with a tray of tea, cinnamon muffins and eggs and bacon with toast. She placed it on the side table.
"Good morning Miss Lockwood. I have set your breakfast over the table there as per Mr. Visconti's request. May I pour in some tea for you?"
"Umm, no that's fine....Mrs...."
"Stevens. I'm Mrs Stevens."
"I'll pour for myself Mrs Stevens. Thank you. Would you be kind enough to show me to Mr. Visconti."
"Mr. Visconti will be visiting you soon and that he has laid strict orders that you should not be allowed to...." thinking she said, "exactly quoting him, 'she should not be allowed to run about in frenzy'. Yup I guess that was very much what he ordered."
I smirked and thanked Mrs Stevens.
"No. Mr. Visconti. And why am I at your home rather than mine."
"Because... "
"Because...?"
"Because, you fainted at Ritz yesterday and... so I brought you here, and had the gynac look at you."
"She said that you were stressed and yes the baby is fine. but you do need to go for an ultrasound soon."
"Thank you." I was relieved to know that my baby was fine and healthy.
"And Catherine, you need to eat if not for you or me at least for the child. Don't deny the child its necessities please." I was surprised by his gesture.
"Ok." I settled pouring tea for me when I noticed it was citrus flavored and suddenly my arm length list was back.
"Mr. Visconti I understand your dire need to protect the child and so brought me to your place but what I don't understand how did I end up wearing that negligee and with you next to me? Was that also in the prescribed list that the gynac gave?"
I felt a warm surge of pleasure tingling below my ears where he had tugged on for his expression was one that I'll always remember. He was caught dumbfound. I was contented to find him speechless but hurt that he had no explanation.
"What cat caught your tongue now? Mr. Visconti." I stood to walk out when he held my wrist and pulled me towards his torso.
"Catherine--- can you not at least listen to what I have to say?"
"Ok I'm listening" I pushed myself away a bit to maintain a some distance for not wanting to go close to him, from the fear of falling into his arms, from wanting him. From the fear of him knowing, how weak my knees go when he is around.
"Ok. First come and have something. You haven't had anything since yesterday. And don't say no, don't keep the baby hungry."
I knew that, this bastard knew my weakness and that he was rubbing that weak point. I came forward and sat on the chair besides him. He slid my tea cup and served me the muffins. I politely responded by taking the cup.
"Well..?"
"Ok. I didn't want you to sleep in your dress as it was confining and not free for sleeping especially when you're pregnant. So that's the explanation of me changing your attire. And for the part where I was sleeping next to you; well you grabbed my hand and would not let go. I didn't want to wake you up. So I let you hold my hand and I felt sleepy so slept of next to you while you so lovingly held my hand close to your heart cara mia." I could see the humor in his eyes when he finished.
How dare he say that I'm gonna- ? I was cut by him.
"Ok? Catherine I'm 35 and I've had women which you obviously know. But there were none I wanted to marry. They all were you may say like puppets dancing at the swish of my money. But at some point I will have to slow down and settle. I too will need an heir to carry on my realm. Now since you are carrying a Visconti blood then why not we be one and help this child to have a bright future. That way he will be recognized as a Visconti and you will be stress free of society drama and I'll have an heir. You know me well since you have been working with me day and night" He had a cunning grin when he said the word night.
"You probably think I'm a rake and someone who cares very less of others sentiments. But I ask you sincerely to give me a chance to prove you that I'd be a good father to your child and a husband to you. I request you to gamble one last time your trust on me. Would you at least think of the possibility? Please." He looked wondering whether I will accept what he has to say. He continued.
"There will be no restriction on you. You will have twenty five percent of my property but the final decision for buying and selling will be under my authority. Secondly you cannot demand for a divorce and the right remains to me solely. Before you ask why? I'll answer as there has been no divorce in my family. Ever." He glanced at me, as I was starring back into those smoldering grey eyes and who was patiently listening to his proposal and at the same time having my muffins.
I showed no line of anger or contempt on my face. So he continued, "You will have an equal say where the child's health, welfare and future is concerned." Pausing and starring into me he stated, "Lastly you will have to stay at my family house with the entire family at Sicily. These are the few points that I remember. The rest mater of contention can be discussed once the prenuptial is drafted." He waited with patience for an outburst or some snob comments but on contrary I simply placed my cup on the table, walked towards the sofa took my blackberry and to text Lucy for reviewing the prenuptial agreement.
He looked surprised at what took place between us few seconds ago. He had a look of wonder for what I was thinking and what would be my answer.
I squeezed my toes in and finally looked towards him.
"Are we done Mr. Visconti? Or do you wish to say some more?"
"Catherine I don't understand you. What are you saying, are you agreeing or denying?"
"Neither. I need some time to think about it."
"Ok. I can wait. How about I drop you home and you rest for the day and we can have dinner together at Roberto's. Is it fine?"
"Ok. Drop me home but I will be coming to the office later. I need to check up on few things. And yes you may send the car to pick me up at 8."
"Sure. Thank you for at least thinking over the proposal."
I simply nodded.
I was dropped at my place and Valentiniau was gone. I somehow felt relieved that I was at last alone. The short trip from his house to mine was just torturous.
'How could he be so handsome that is so not fair to the male populous?'
And there was his voice constantly playing in my head, 'I request you to gamble one last time your trust on Me.' over and over again.
Entering my room I saw my bedside table, the photo of Marcus brought back memories of the boardroom. Just a day back I felt whole, complete in this very room and now I feel empty.
I quickly worked through washing my clothes and tiding the house. Later I switched on my laptop to check my mails and the presentation Mr. Watson had sent. I quickly went through the details and emailed the corrections. I felt hungry so I just checked into my fridge and saw the cake which I had brought for Marcus saying Welcome Back Darling.
'God I was so stupid. How did I end up like this? Arghh.. I know because I simply fell for a piece of jerk, and not any jerk the lord of jerks.'
I picked the cake and threw it in the bin. I pulled out a can of orange juice and poured myself a long glass and savored it for some time. I was about to have a second glass when my phone rang. It displayed Mr. Visconti I pressed the receive button.
"Yes Mr. Visconti."
"Catherine my lawyers have sent the prenuptial agreement to your email account. Please do discuss it with your lawyers and let me know." He said in a crisp business like tone.
"Yes sir."
"Catherine are you coming to office?"
"Yes."
"Can you please search Castello's file and get me once you're in the office?"
"Sure Sir. Anything else?"
"No. See you Catherine. Bye."
"Bye." I cut the call and remembered Lucy.
I called Lucy, my best friend. She is like a protective elder sister. We never had secrets and it had been more than twenty four hours from my break up and Valentiniau's proposal. I had to speak to her, vent out my frustration. I needed to cry and she was the only one who would listen and help me. I dialed her number and waited for her response.
"Hey sweetie what's up? Busy with Romeo?" I could sense the humor in her voice.
"No. Actually I called to tell you that, that I...I...Luc Marcus broke up with me." And I out-poured, tears sliding down as though they had been fighting for an escape.
"What that son of a bitch. How could he do that? Does he know you're carrying his child?"
"He does Luc, he does. And to top that he has been engaged for more than six months. I was so stupid Luc. What was I thinking?"
"No don't say that darling be strong I'll try to come as soon as I can and we can talk to him."
"No I already did and the worst part is that our fiasco was completely crushed by Valentiniau's invasion. And yes he asked me to marry him."
"What?" she screeched. I could feel the shock in her voice.
"Yes."
"Why?"
"Because the child is a Visconti blood and should not be deprived of the family."
"I can't believe it. What have you thought?"
"He said that his lawyer has mailed the prenup and that I should discuss it with my lawyer. Please would you go through it?"
"Sure Cathie anything for you, but does this mean you're considering his proposal?'
'No Luc I don't think I will, but again I need to think about my child too."
"Sure I understand. Forward it to me and I'll check."
"Thanks so much. I'll forward in a minute. Bye."
"Bye Cathie. Take care and be strong."
When I saw the time it was already noon. I quickly forwarded the prenuptial agreement and changed my dress. I selected a black pencil skirt with an emerald shirt, put on some light makeup and headed out for my car.
As soon as I stepped out I remembered that my car wasn't working. I headed straight to the subway and boarded the train for my work. Few minutes later I was back to work with my tea. The elevator doors opened and I saw Valentiniau coming out of his office. I simply smiled and he nodded in acknowledgment.
I hurried to my cabin and sorted my files and work. There was a meeting in the evening with the Castello's. I had to deliver the files to Valentiniau. I quietly tip toed to his office since he just left and placed the files in the middle for him to notice and started walking out when the adjoining connecting door opened. I saw Valentiniau and he looked every bit appetizing in his grey flannel suit.
"Catherine?"
"I just came in to hand over the file for the meeting with the Castello's."
"Oh, OK. Did you have lunch?"
"No Mr. Visco..." I was cut in the middle.
"Well we can eat together if you're fine by it?'
"OK." The word was out even before I could analyse the situation and comprehend the question.
"Good. How about a healthy salad and some...."
I immediately cut him as I didn't want to eat too much.
"A sandwich would be fine. I'm not so hungry."
"Ok. Salads and sandwiches, fine by me. Anything to drink with it?"
"Some mint flavoured tea please."
"Ok."
He picked up his intercom and instructed Susan to grab our meal, my tea and a cup of coffee for him.
"Thank you Mr. Visconti."
"Catherine please call me Valentiniau when we are alone and not Mr. Visconti." he said with a bit of a smirk on his face.
"So did you think about it? I mean the marriage proposal that I gave."
I was zapped.
'Marriage proposal. He calls that a proposal? Is he that lame brained? I tried all to understand him, but the lights are on and nobody's home. Huh, marriage proposal my foot. Does he even know the meaning of propose? God help me.'
He starred at me indefinitely with a blank face.
"Ummm... No I haven't thought about the proposal that you made to me Mr. Visconti in the most obsolete way."
His expressions immediately turned one of concern. He furrowed his brows.
"You mean the way I put my proposal was bad, not good enough for you?"
"Bad? Well that's an understatement Mr. Visconti, more like poor, lousy, barren or like a dead duck."
He stomped towards me in high dungeon. His eyes changed color to the deepest grey. I swallowed the lump in my throat just to keep myself stable. We were inches apart. I could smell his cologne and almost feel the warmth his body emitted. He starred right into me and pulled me towards him. My nose almost brushed his shirt and I was furious at him to handle me as he wishes.
'Bloody hell, what the fuck does he thinks he is? And I'm not his iPhone, and that he could flip me as he does to that piece of box.'
I looked up to give him a piece of my mind but without any warning his mouth crushed mine. His kisses went on, from harsh to deep and then slow caressing. I wanted to push him away, but he was so strong that it was simply impossible to do so. His kiss was seductive as though spell binding my brain. It was like a drug infusing into my mind, dictating me to sell my soul to the devil.
"Let- let... let go of me."
"Why? I'm just trying to rectify the poor, lousy, barren dead duck proposal. And this is just getting interesting cara mia." He replied trailing hot kisses over my neck. I unconsciously withered beneath him.
"Miele keep doing that and I will take you right now."
I froze and starred at his face silently. I could feel his growing arousal between my thighs. "Mr. Visconti."
"Sì? zucchero." He asked softly, his hands travelling towards my lower body and suddenly his hands still at my slightly developing baby bump. "I have always wanted to experience what it would be to kiss you, to taste your offensive lips and hold you in my arms. But had never thought it would be such a bewitching sensation tessora mia."
"Mr. Visconti this is inappropriate and unnecessary. Let go of me." I said breathing heavily for I knew if I didn't move now I would surely be pledging my soul to the very devil itself. There was no sign of him letting me go. His hands firmer on my waist than before I was so near that I could breathe his minty breath.
"Mr. Visconti I-"
Before I could finish what I began his hands quickly traveled up to my face holding my checks and his lips sealed my lips. His kiss more magnetic than the last, more demanding and pleasurable at the same time and I just succumbed to his demands.
Our moment of passion was interrupted when Susan knocked the door. Valentiniau pulled himself from me. I was dazed. "Valentiniau understood?"
"Come in." he barked out as though he was in pain.
"Valentiniau, ok? You call me that or else each time I might have to remind you the same way. And I hope you do remember it piccola mia for your own good because every time Susan won't be knocking at the door." He said in hush tones, while Susan set the lunch for us in the adjoining sitting room.
We entered the adjoining room and I chose to sit opposite to him as far as I could be from him. We ate our lunch in silence. I was famished and the sandwich was a much needed meal to my body. As we finished I stood up to leave him and go ahead with my work.
"Thank you Mr. Vis-... I mean Valentiniau for the lunch." I said biting my lips.
He had a grin on his face more over triumph written on his head when I corrected myself. I just didn't want him to go all thermonuclear on me and so quietly turned on my heels to leave.
"Thank you Catherine for the lovely entree. I look forward to the evening." He interjects.
I wanted to snap his arrogant head of his shoulders but decided to ignore and walked out and headed straight to my office.
'How dare he kiss me? What does he take me for some dumb bimbo who is drooling over him? I will personally see to it that his life becomes a living hell. God I hate his guts.'
I stomped out of my cabin to go home.
On my way back I called Lucy to check whether she had received my prenuptial agreement and had she reviewed it.
"Hi Luc. Sorry to have bothered you at such short notice but did you get the prenup?"
"Yes and I reviewed it."
"Ok so what's the catch?"
"Everything is fine Cathie apart from one point and it states that you cannot demand a divorce or a separation from him but if he wants he can ask for a separation and that even after the separation you cannot indulge yourself with anyone else apart from him."
"What?"
"Well to cut it short he will own your mind and body even after you get rid of him. That's it."
"That slimy son of a bitch. I was going to reject his offer Luc, but now I'll marry him and personally see to it that he regrets his this decision, to marry me from all other foolish ones he has ever made from the cradle to his grave.'
"Cathie I hope you know what you're doing love? I would hate to see you hurt again. I'm so sorry I can't be with you right now because of this blasted case but I'll try to come back as soon as possible. Don't you worry and be strong girl."
"Yea Luc thanks for everything. Love you. Bye."
"Love you too darling. Bye."
I reached home still furious about what Lucy had pointed out from the prenup, but was so tired that I decided to sleep for sometime.
When I woke up it was six and just two hours from meeting him. I ran myself a bath it was so refreshing. I decided to wear my best dress as we were dinning at Roberto's one of the most expensive restaurant. I wore some makeup first and decided to go with my red lipstick, it somehow gives me the confidence to step up. Then I slide down my black knee length dress with a boat neck. In front it had lace upto my swells and back an inverted dome cut. I pulled my hair up in a neat chignon stabling it with a pearl comb. I finished my attire by wearing black stiletto with a red base and a diamond studded watch.
I looked at myself when I heard the door bell and I fetched my keys and clutch to open the door. Rick was standing there.
"Evening Catherine. You look stunning."
"Thank you Rick. So are we ready?"
"Yes Ma'am." He smiled and opened the back door of Saab.
"Thank you." I replied and slide in the back seat.
The drive was short and throughout I was lost as I was calming myself to meet him again. I was jolted back when Rick opened the car door.
"We're here. Mr. Visconti is waiting inside. Have a nice evening. Bye."
"Thank you Rick." I said while climbing out and headed towards the restaurant.
"Can I help you?" The doorman approached me.
"Er-I'm a little late, but I--- I think Mr. Visconti is expecting me inside---?"
"Mr Visconti?" His haughty manner instantly changed to one of deference. "Mr Valentiniau Visconti?"
'It was amazing what the mention of a man with money could do to these people.'
"Yes, that's right. You see---"
"And you would be Miss Lockwood, Miss Catherine Lockwood?"
He gave me a look that said 'hardly'. "Mr Visconti told us to expect you. We're to show you straight in."
He held the door open for me and ushered in direction to where Valentiniau was waiting.
'Thank goodness I was wearing one of my fine dresses; this place was for the elite with a capital E. It was the sort of place Valentiniau would feel at home in, but I wasn't so sure I--'
Then I saw him, he had been sitting at the bar, but he was coming towards me now, with black dinner suit and snowy white shirt emphasizing the darkness of his hair, the tan of his skin.
"Catherine!" His hands came out to grasp mine, his gaze warm as he looked at me.
"Mr. Visconti." I breathed.
His warm look was in a fraction changed to a huge winning grin and he hooked an eyebrow up. I immediately remembered the look.
'Oh God. Stupid say Valentiniau fast girl fast or else.'
"I mean Valentiniau" I corrected myself but it was too late he already was down on my lips. He tasted of scotch and mint. His cologne was making me dizzy. I tried to back out but finally gave it and savored his kiss.
'Why am I liking it?'
'Why do I feel pulled, like a duck to water?'
'Why am I responding to his indecent advances? For heaven's sake pull of now Catherine or you both are going to be embarrassed.'
Valentiniau deepened his kiss. I could feel fire burning up in my pit.
'How can I stop when he tastes so good?'
'You have to Catherine don't behave like a slut who is in dire need for a lay.'
I caught hold of his arms and tried pushing him. He gently broke the magnetism and peered into my eyes.
"I have never cared of what people think of me and my actions and their reactions do not embarrass me at all cara mia. But I would be furious if someone speaks wrong of you so let's just say you'll remember my name for tonight and that my temper would stay under control."
I simply nodded.
We gazed into each other's eye for timeless minutes and Valentiniau was the one to finally break the spell.
"Are you ready to eat? Or would you like a drink first?" He asked briskly, probably puzzled by what was happening to us.
"I think I should warn you," he added ruefully, "I've already spent an hour in the bar."
I laughed, as the mood lightened, the tension eased. "Then I think we'd better eat. This is the last place you want to be thrown out of for being drunk and disorderly," I teased.
"I'm not drunk Catherine--- at least not with two glasses of scotch. You understand?"
I swallowed hard, understanding perfectly.
"Yes," I said huskily.
His arm was about my waist as he hugged me to his side. "I really think you do. Let's go and eat," he said more practically. "We can talk over our meal."
We sat at the table reserved by Valentiniau. We ordered our food and drinks. I didn't even care what I was to eat, leaving it to Valentiniau to order the food for us.
We spoke about the meeting Valentiniau had with the Castello's and that it seemed to be at a positive turn. He asked about my health whether I was feeling better than yesterday.
"So how are you feeling? Better than yesterday? Have you eaten anything since lunch?" he asked once the waiter left with our orders.
His thoughtfulness warmed me.
'Why am I warming up to him? I guess my pregnancy has left my hormones in frenzy. I really need to curb them or one of these days I'm going to end up in his bed.'
'whoaa!! Where did that come from girl BED? No, no, no, not bed then where? Where would I end up or want to end up?'
'Gosh why am I so confused? Stop I'm not going to think about his bed. I'm here to talk about the prenup. Yes prenup. Good.'
'I'm going to be the bitch who will drag him back from hell just to torture him in the most cruelest form that might be prohibited even in hell.'
"I'm better." I said smilingly. "I want to apologize for last evening---yes." I insisted as he shook his head.
"No," he said firmly. "There is no need to."
"Oh yes. I'm also sorry I couldn't pick you up my friend Matteo--- you remember him right had come for a drink." He said ruefully.
"It's completely fine Valentiniau. You need not apologise please." I said truthfully.
He smiled as though please like a child when given a candy.
"So did you go through the prenuptial with your lawyer?" he asked.
"Yes. Luc and I did go through it and..." I was searching for the right words when I caught a look of discomfort on his face.
"Luc is your friend?" he asked firmly.
'Is he jealous of Luc? Lucy? Ahh the mighty Valentiniau thinks it's a he...hahaha... so much for a Harvard degree...huh. Well I guess I should let him believe it.'
The waiter came in with our drinks and food. He served us and left. I took the opportunity and spoke.
"Yes. Luc is my friend, best buddy and also my lawyer." I replied with excitement.
We were eating our diner simultaneously without eyeing each other.
"Ok, whatever. So?" I was enjoying the displeasure painted on his face.
'Hmmm guess I really am a bitch from beyond hell.'
"There is this point that states that I cannot demand a divorce or a separation from you but if you want then you can demand for a separation and that even after the separation I cannot indulge myself with anyone else apart from you. So why the last bit if separation is what you'd want?" I questioned by pointing my left eyebrow up.
"It's simple piccola mia, I do not share what's mine, even if I don't desire it or need it or for some unfortunate reason am not near it. I. Never. Share. What's. Mine." He stressed each syllable.
"I never have and never will, keep that in your mind. Embed it in your soul. Once we are married you belong to me; your time, mind, body and soul. I will not allow anyone to enter any of the four dominions that belong solely to me. To simplify it, I may put it as the lock stock and barrel will unanimously be mine." He said with an air of arrogance.
"You egocentric, pompous, arrogant bastard. You would not share me but you can go around in the entire city doing your monkey business. You think I'd agree to embarrass myself by allowing you to broadcast your chicanery?" I spat out.
"Mr. Visconti, I may be pregnant with a child but I'm not in that deep a shit that I'd use a band aid on a bullet wound. I do not need to go through the embarrassment of your frolicsomeness to raise a kid. So thank you for your offer Mr. Visconti." I leveled him.
But when I looked up he had that wide grin as though he had won the Olympics. I looked quizzically at him.
'What did I do to get that grin on his face?'
Before I could ask he was already by my side holding my wrist and dragging me to the secluded terrace of the thirtieth floor away from the crowd in the dining area.
"What happened?" I questioned but it fell on deaf ears.
Finally when we reached one end of the lawn terrace he pulled me by my waist and dragged me unceremoniously to him. I could feel his breath on the side of my neck, his arms tightening their grip on my waist, his arousal rubbing on my thigh and his heartbeat on my palms.
"What are you doing?" I asked as my heart accelerated like a sports car engine.
"Are you crazy?"
"Yes." He replied and moved forward pinning me to the wall. I was stuck as though between the devil and the deep blue sea.
"Yes, I guess I am because a civilized conversation with you does not seep into your skull. So I guess I have to use an iron boot. If by me kissing you will make you do things I want; then I assure you tessora mia I will kiss my way with you."
"Skull and iron boot my ass." I said firmly and tried pushing him away, but was cut but his lips.
"Get off me Mr. Visconti." I pushed him once more saying his surname purposefully.
He looked at me amused by my stubbornness and clicked his tongue.
"Tsk. Tsk. Now I did warn you signora that I'd kiss my way with you." He drowned himself in me. I felt my heart would burst with every advance he kept on.
'Why did I call him Mr. Visconti?'
'Did I want him to kiss me? Or was I simply being stubborn?'
I was confused with my own feelings and that made me so angry that I kissed him back twice the harshness and depth with which he did. Finally after what seemed like a long time we stopped to gasp for air. He pulled back staring at me with hunger in his eyes. He paused for a few seconds and I was heaving heavily.
"I guess we should go home cara." He said huskily.
I had no strength left nor was my brain in a state to form even the tiniest sentence. So I just blurted, "Yes."
We went back to the table, Valentiniau cleared our bill and meanwhile called Rick to be ready. Within a span of ten minutes we were headed towards my house. He broke the silence.
"Catherine what have you thought about the proposal?" He asked staring intensely.
'What should I do?''should I say yes?'
'Will my child be at a risk if i deny?'
'Can I give my child a good life without his help?'
'Will I be able to face my child when it knows of its true family and the fact that I denied him his right?'
'Oh dear God if you really do exist I hope you will guide me through this. I'm saying YES for my child and hopefully you will make this journey worthwhile.'
"Yes Valentiniau I have decided." His face almost glowed when he heard yes but on realising that it was a response to his question about thinking it immediately went back to staring at me, blankly.
"So what have you decided?" He asked impatiently.
"Yes." I replied.
He had a victorious grin and his face was lit with an unknown happiness.
"But only on one condition Valentiniau." I stated calmly.
"What? What condition?"
"Actually two."
He eyed me suspiciously.
"Say it."
"I will not stay all the time in Sicily that's point number one and two I will work even after I am married to you and after the child is born." I stated.
"Ok. But why won't you stay in Sicily? That's my family house. Everyone stays there. You will be looked after."
"Because I want to work."
"But why will you work? I can fend for you and the child, more than a freaking team of children."
"I need my independence Valentiniau. I simply cannot just sit at home and do nothing. I don't want to be dependent on you."
I could see anger building up on his face. He raked his hands through his hair.
"You will be my wife so where is the matter of you being dependent. By law I am to work and fend for my family. And rest assure I can very well take care of you and the child or for that case an entire army of it. So I don't see the point in you working."
'Arghh. ..This arrogant chauvinist.'
"I want to work because one I don't want to be a liability on you, two I value self respect and would hate people seeing me as a gold digger and three, I need some independence." I levelled him.
"Ok. You want to work? You'll work for me and me alone. I will not allow you to work for anybody else is that clear. I do not share what's mine, I have told you. So this we will be on for discussion after the birth of the child. I'm sure you will mot want to jeopardise the health of our child during its growth."
'Did he say our child? Or am I dreaming?'
I nodded.
"So its sorted. Now that means we are getting married right?" He asked in hush tone.
"Yes." I replied ruefully.
"Good so since we are getting married, I have a charity ball to attend and you will come with me." He stated.
"What? I don't want to come with you to any ball and moreover I don't have a dress for it. Sorry but I'll decline the offer."
"No. Since we are getting married let's go to the ball so people won't think you're marrying me just because you're pregnant. Isn't that what you told me a few minutes ago that you value your self respect and don't want people to see you as a gold digger." He had a wicked grin on his face.
'If one sin was permitted I'd slit his throat right now.'
"Fine I'll go with you tomorrow. So what time are we to reach?"
"I'll pick you up at seven; it will take us an hour to reach."
"Ok."
The rest of the journey to my home was made in silence.
As soon as we reached my house Rick halted and stepped out to open my door. I looked at Valentiniau and smiled.
"Thank you for the diner and considering me working. Good night."
"You're welcome cara mia. About you working we will discuss it once you have become my wife and a mother. Sleep well."
The door shut and he left. I went inside my house and headed to the room. I changed into my pyjamas and t-shirt. I went to the washroom and looked ins the mirror. The person staring back at me was so different and unrecognisable.
'Am I changing?'
'It feels as though a storm hit me and has changed me completely.'
'Where are you mom? Dad? I hope you both can see me. Guide me. I miss you both.'
I put my hand on my belly.
'Hey baby, how are you? Hope you're comfortable and mamma isn't troubling? I hope I have made the right decision for your sake. I just want you to be safe. I love you darling. Good night.'
I stepped out of the washroom and dropped dead on my bed. Sleep came to me like duck to the water.
When I woke up it was nine and I felt fresh. All my tiredness was gone. I hopped up and made some pancakes for me and some tea my favourite breakfast. I watched some T.V, and then went marketing to the grocery shop near my house. On my way back I felt like having burritos so stopped by a pick up joint had some and headed home. When I reached I saw Rick waiting outside my house. I went up to him.
"Rick? Hi. You're early it's just five."
"Hello Catherine. Yes I have a parcel to deliver to you personally as instructed by Mr. Visconti."
"Ok. Wait I'll unlock the door."
I was struggling with my keys and the bags when Rick helped me by taking the bags. I unlocked the door and asked him to come in. he kept the bags on the counter and swiftly went back to the car to get the parcel. He returned with a large bouquet of white lilies and pink roses, and an envelope.
"It's from Mr. Visconti" he said with a smile.
"Thank you Rick they are lovely and what's in the envelope?"
"I don't know. Please do see it at your leisure. I'll take your leave."
"Wait, have some tea and muffins."
"NO thank you. I have to go pick Mr. Visconti from the office."
"Ok. Thank you. Bye."
"Bye." He nodded.
Once Rick left I went, I put the flowers in the vase and took the envelope and went into the room. I opened it and found an Amex card. I immediately called up Valentiniau.
'On one side he sends me a bouquet of my favourite flowers and then degrades me by sending over his Amex. That son of a bitch I'll rip him into two.'
"Catherine. Did you receive the flowers and did you like them?"
"You asshole. How dare you send me the lovely flowers and degrade me at the same time by sending your Amex with Rick. I do not need your money." I blurted out
"Cara listen to me I just want you to buy a gown for tonight's ball as you said you don't have a dress."
"I am not going with you anywhere. Go to hell."
"Catherine we are going and if it means me physically dragging you out there then rest assure I will do it. Be ready I'll come home at seven."
He cut the call without letting me finish. I tried calling back but he didn't answer.
'So he wants to go to the ball with me. Fine I'll go to the ball and he will repent forcing me to do so.'
I took his Amex and went shopping. I entered the store and caught hold of the sale girl.
"Good evening. How may I be of your assistance?"
"Hi. Good evening. I want a gown for a ball and not just any gown I want a gown that will make men drool over even when they are half a mile away and that will make them ache at night and snatch their dreams."
"I have a perfect piece for you. Come."
I entered inside the room and saw an off white lace gown in a mermaid cut and body hugging. It has perfect fitting around the bodice with a deep V neck and the back going bare almost till the tail bone. As soon as I saw it I knew that this will make him repent. I immediately bought it.
'You messed with the wrong girl Valentiniau. You want to drag me to the ball physically? Huh... I guess you'll be dragging me in the house...hahaha...'
Later I went to the salon and got an appointment with the make-up and hairstylist to come over and do it at my house.
I came back it was almost six I quickly had my bath and the stylist and make-up girls came in they finished their job in half an hour and I started wearing my gown. I was about to put on my stilettos when the doorbell rang. I looked at myself, it was as though some female fatale is ruling my mind and body.
'You can wait outside for some time Valentiniau as you'll be in a state of shock soon...haha... freaking caveman... huh wanted to drag me out let's see at what speed you will drag me in.' I smirked and walked towards the door to receive him. I opened the door and saw Valentiniau standing there in his black flannel suit with a bow. He looked stunning. A sexual predator.
"What the hell are you wearing?" he screamed.
"A gown." He was astounded by my reply.
"You call this indecent piece that hardly covers you as a gown?"
"You asked me to buy a gown but didn't exactly mention what type. And well it does cover my hands, see?" I teased him raising my hands.
He raked his fingers through his hair and rubbed his face controlling his anger.
"Do not act and speak smart Catherine. You know exactly what you needed to buy and I definitely didn't mention something so...so...so obnoxiously sexy that every man out there would undress you mentally."
"Is that what you're doing right now? Mentally undressing me?"
He stared right back at me his grey eyes turned into dark stormy ones.
"Why would I put myself through the torture of mentally undressing you? When I can undress you right here in your very house right this minute."
I was tongue tied.
"So tell me tessora mia do you want me to? Is that why you wore this dress?"
"Absolutely not. Huh. If for a split second you think I am wearing it to please you, then you are the most insane man on earth."
"You asked me to buy a gown and gave me your Amex so that I could buy something like your ex-girlfriends wore. So here I am. I didn't know you wanted me to dress up like a nun."
He stepped forward towering me. He held both my wrist and pushed me towards the wall. He held both my hands up pinning me to the wall and crashed his lips on mine. It was rough full of want; for my response, full of need; for my touch, full of demand; to sell my soul to him- the very devil.
He released my wrists and I immediately held his nape. He felt delicious. I was going ecstatic. My mind paralysed, My soul pledged, My body captured. I tried to hold back but I was long gone.
He pulled back and looked into my eyes.
"I told you cara mia that I love to accept a demanding challenge and that I always win mio bel serpente peccatrice." He said in hush tones while turning me around with my back facing him. He slowly kissed my neck down my spine calling out the carnal animal in me. I withered under his touch. He came up pecking me and stopped near my shoulder.
"If I had not given my word to Mr. Brown and that we weren't late, you would not be able to move for the next twenty four hours darling." I could feel his warm breath with each word.
"Let's go."
I was floating; I had no sense of time and space. The only senses working were the ones that receipted his touch and his words.
I calmed myself and followed him out. We drove in silence sometimes staring at each other but mostly dogging each other.
'Arghhh... why do I allow him to kiss me all the time?'
'Because you like, and don't you deny Miss Catherine Lockwood. Don't be all self-controlling when all you want is to tier his manhood.'
"NO." I spoke out loud.
"What no?" Valentiniau questioned surprised.
"Nothing. Was just thinking something."
He just stared and drove off.
Finally after fifteen minutes he said, "There will be paparazzi's so just smile and be close to me and try not to be lost."
"Ok. Don't worry I'll plaster a wide smile on my face." I finished mimicking a wide smile.
"That should do right?" I saw his grip tighten over the steering making his knuckles pale.
'Long pause and no answer. Thought so. This at least shut his arrogant mouth.'
We reached the ball and the moment we entered I could see a herd of paparazzi's that were trying to sneak a photo here and there. I felt conscious of what I was wearing.
'Shit why didn't I think of the newspaper. I guess I'll be on their pages with a gown like this. I wonder what the tag line will be.'
Valentiniau quickly rushed me in with his arms firmly around my waist.
One of the reporters asked, "Mr. Visconti who is the lady with you?"
He simply nodded with a smile without uttering a word.
The other asked, "How long are you dating?"
Some one from the crowd shouted, "How long do you think your relationship is going to work? Is this just for the ball? Are you one of his charity girls?"
Valentiniau stared at the reporter with deadly eyes. I was sure that if it weren't for the charity function he would rip apart the guy into tiny pieces.
"This lady here is my fiancé and will stay as long as eternity. I hope I made my self clear." He roared.
The entire herd was in shock there were flashes all the way. It seemed as though night was turned to day with the sun peering through my eyes.
"What's her name Mr. Visconti? Where is she from? How did you meet?" There were parades of questions asked but all unanswered by him.
We started walking in towards the mansion.
I was shocked, jolted by the sudden affirmation by Valentiniau about our engagement.
'Fiancé... He just went forward and announced to the whole god damn world that we were engaged. What sound person does that?'
'I can't begin to imagine the headlines that will cover tomorrow's paper.'
I could barely move after the incident but he kept a firm hand on my waist and ushered me into the house.
'The news is going to be viral within hours. Am I prepared to face the circus? Uffff...'
The only thing that ran through my mind was 'Demitrice Christakos.'
'What if he finds out? Oh no... no... no... I can't face that.'
He slowly bent his head towards my side and whispered, "Don't worry about the papers; it's the truth that we are going to marry so just relax and enjoy. I'm here so do not panic."
I looked at him and found him staring right back at me. I nodded in accordance.
For the first time I saw care and protectiveness etched in his eyes and face.
We headed towards our host and hostess.
We were speaking to Mr. Brown when I looked around, every eye in the ball were looking towards us. Men were staring at me as though I was an object d'art that had conjured them and at Valentiniau with sheer jealousy. Women gave me scorns of contempt and ogled at the site of Valentiniau.
He never left me and held me tight around the waist. We spoke to many entrepreneurs and senators. We headed towards the sitting table for the diner. We had our diner pleasurably with Mr. and Mrs Brown and the senator. Mrs Brown was very soft and benevolent lady. The senator had a good sense of humour. After we finished our diner there was the charity event.
Mrs Brown requested me to help her and I readily accepted as the event was for sexually abused kids and drug addicted teenagers. Mrs Brown took me on stage where she forgot to mention that we were the object to be auctioned and the highest bidder would have the first dance and a date with that lady. I was so tensed. I looked out for Valentiniau, I couldn't find him. I was flushed with nervousness. As the ladies were auctioned lesser the time was for me to be up on that stage.
'How do I always end up head down in a soup?'
'It's ok Catherine just a dance and a date.'
"whoffff..." I blew out
'A dance...shit a kangaroo would dance better.'
Before I could think anymore I heard my name.
"Next up is Miss Catherine Lockwood, beautiful lady with hair as dark as that of night and voice as sweet as honey. She loves travelling and reading books. She plays piano and speaks five different languages."
My legs were jellied on the stage. All I did was smilled.
"So gentlemen the bid starts at hundred thousand dollars."
I heared someone say "hundred thousand"
'Whooffff...atleast I have a lowest bidding and dint go without one.'
"Two hundred thousand" an aged man said.
"Three hundred thousand" someone in the middle yelled.
"Four hundred thousand" a blond handsome spoke from the first row.
"Five hundred thousand dollars" spoke a guy who was sitting in the shadow.
"Wow. Gentlemen the bid is at Five hundred thousand dollars" the host repeated asking for more bids.
"One million dollars" a stern voice came from the far end of the ball. There were hush voice inquiring the identity, but I need no light to see him, his voice was proof enough, arrogant enough to declare him- Valentiniau.
"One point five million dollars" spoke the guy in shadow.
"One point five million dollars gentlemen" the host repeated swallowing the lump.
"Five million dollars" he yelled getting up from his table. His eyes were staring at me and smirk of victory rising up on his face.
"Five million dollars, going once, going twice? Sold. To Mr. Visconti."
The entire room was stunned at the crazy bid that just happened. I was speechless.
'Why did he have to bid so high? It was just a dance and a date for a good cause.'
I stepped down the stage and Valentiniau caught hold of me. I simply stared with anger at him.
"Shall we dance love?" he questioned with a smug face and his eyes; showing the very depth of wickedness.
"No I am not going to sway as per your whims and fancies. I will not dance with you." I asserted sternly.
"Come on I have paid quite a huge amount to have you in my arms and again darling it's for charity remember?"
I clasped my hands in anger as he blackmailed me for the dance.
"No one asked you to pay such a huge amount for it. You should have let the other gentleman win. But I guess it wasn't just the charity you were concerned about, is it not? you earn more than the devil collects soul each day." I questioned eyeing his move.
His jaw tensed. He shot me a fierce icy look that could freeze lava.
"I guess you have a dwindling memory, so let me remind you cara mia; I Do Not Share. Not now and never, especially with you in this piece of negligee that you so assuredly call a gown."
I was dumbfound with his assertion and before I could retaliate the music started and all the bidders and their ladies were on the dance floor.
He swayed me in the center of the ball.
'This man is so frustrating and suffocating with his arrogance and possessiveness that if given a choice I'd rather be poked in the eye with a sharp stick than be a stick next to him'
The music started it was a slow piece by Chopin, prelude in E minor. Valentiniau had his arms strongly around me supporting me to flow as fluidly with him as he was.
"So you speak five different languages, is it?" he teased me.
"No Mr. Visconti, I do not." I replied purposely stretching at his name.
"Catherine you know you're playing with fire here. Don't even try to think, that I am not capable of reminding you my name over here just because were dancing and that there are people around. You very well know they hardly stop me from being a rake." He whispered lowering his lips to my ear. I felt a tingling sensation that traveled right between my thighs.
"Is that so Mr. Visconti? Am I playing with fire?" I replied stubbornly trying to stable my nerves.
"Cara mia now I had warned you" and with those words he locked his lips to mine. He kissed me with fire; that made my pit burn, my swells tightened; my very core was on fire. The prelude's end created a web of sensation that drove me wild. I kissed him as though it were my last. Sucking his tongue taking in his flavour biting his lip pushing my tongue in him was all I could think. Finally our spell broke when the music ended. My entire body had become sensitive.
The dance ended and I barely knew for how long did we dance and how long we were engaged in the steaming kiss.
We fell apart as soon as it ended and made our way towards our hosts. We thanked them and bid our goodbyes.
We stepped out waiting for the car to come.
"So tomorrow we will be hitting the front pag-."
"Thhunnnnggg." I heard colliding sound and Valentiniau immediately ducked pulling me to the pavement.
It took me a while to realize that this awful sound was of a bullet ricocheted by a metal piece on the pillars.
"That was a bullet sound. Oh my God.... Oh my God. We are being attacked. But why? Why is someone firing at us?"
Valentiniau completely covered me as though I was a child and we rolled back into the hall. There was panic everywhere. People were running inside. It was a chaos.
The security guards were called and each of the guests being escorted with at least five guards.
Valentiniau called for his personal bodyguards who were just outside the mansion gates. A stony faced man was rushing towards us. He wore a light blue shirt with black jacket and had a pistol in one hand.
"Mr. Visconti, please follow me to a secure location. Sir?"
"Yes. Catherine, please follow the instruction stick close and try not getting lost."
'We had guards with us all this time. Why was I not aware of it?'
"Why was I not aware of the guards following us?" I questioned when we were pushing through the crowd towards our car.
I quickly lodged myself into the car and in few seconds Valentiniau sat beside me.
"I always have security with me. I'm a business mogul. There are few men who would love to watch me scrubbed of from the face of earth darling. Your fiancé is a very important man, I'm sure you know that?" he eyed me questioningly with pride plastered all over his face.
Valentiniau hit the accelerator and we were flying.
"You're just plain self-centered. Huh."
He furrowed his brow at my expression. The security team was following us. One car ahead and one following it felt like a James Bond action movie scene.
'Hmmm... I really like Pierce Brosnan.'
"Hope you are alright. I had to suddenly pull you to the ground. I didn't want the baby to get hurt. Sorry if you're hurt." He said with apologetic eyes.
"No it's fine. Actually thank you. I was in a state of shock and I would not know what to do." I agreed.
"No worries tessora mia. I'm here for you now."
'I'm here for you now....huh what is he some superhero who will go around the world to save me...huh.'
I wanted to retaliate but all of a sudden I nauseated. I asked him to stop the car and I relieved myself. He held my stomach and my head while I was vomiting.
Later he made me sit in the car whipped my face with a tissue.
I was embarrassed as the security team was following us behind and were witnessing this pathetic situation.
"Are you feeling better now?" he asked with concern.
"Yes" I nodded.
He was driving carefully to avoid another scene. We reached home when I was becoming restless. I wanted to eat chocolate chip ice cream with hot chocolate syrup.
'Chocolate chip ice cream yummm.' My tummy was flipping inside over the thought of ice cream.
'How can I puke and want an ice cream? Pregnancy is making me all disgusting.'
Finally when he parked the car I spoke, "I want to eat chocolate chip ice cream with hot chocolate syrup right now."
"Now?" he asked in disbelief.
"Yes now I have a craving for it. Please can we go have one. Please" I pleaded.
"Ok. I'll get it for you, you go ahead get inside and change. Get comfortable. I'll leave Brandt to look over you and ask Hunt to fetch your ice cream. I will be back in twenty minutes have some work."
"Ok."
I jumped out of the car opened the door and ran back to give him the keys.
"Here take these and come back quick, I really want the ice cream."
"Ok."
He drove off. I hurriedly changed my clothes and washed my face, removed the make-up and loosened my hair. It was half an hour and my craving was doubled.
"Brandt?"
"Yes ma'am. You need something?"
"Just call me Catherine."
"Sorry ma'am cannot. I don't think Mr. Visconti will appreciate it." He said expressionless.
He was tall and well built. Brown hair and blue eyes, typical chocolate boy looks with a work of Rambo.
"So you're the head of security?"
"Ummm. Well actually Kevin was the head." He stated with some sadness in his eyes.
"Kevin? And why was he the head?" I stressed on 'was'.
"Kevin Morris he was our head of security. He was a very classy, original, analytical and determined person. He died saving Mr. Visconti." He had remorse in his eyes.
"Valentiniau was attacked? When and Why?" My body went cold with this information.
"No. I mean Luca Visconti his father."
"Oh ok."
'Why did I see a flicker of remorse in Brandt's eye.'
'Should I dig in more?'
'Hmmph. Guess not. Will find out later.'
I was about to call Valentiniau when I heard the lock turn. He stood there with the parcel and I eyed it as though a lioness eyes her pray.
I quickly snatched it and went to the kitchen opened and started digging in.
"Hmmmm.... This tastes soooo good."
I saw him eyeing Brandt to leave us and he immediately left.
"Good. Enjoy it."
"You want some?" I offered.
"No." he replied looking at me while locking his Iphone.
He walked towards me and halted close to me. He leaned down and licked the side of my lips where the ice cream was spread.
"Hmmm.... This is so much more delicious than eating from that spoon."
I pushed him away with furrowing my brows.
He sat on the sofa and was dialing someone's number
"Catherine I have to make this call, I'll take fifteen minutes."
"Ok." I replied and went to my room eating the ice cream. I sat on the bed placed the tub on the side table and I stretched on to my bed to take rest. Lying down I pondered over Kevin Morris.
'Why does that name strike me as though I know him? And the remorse in Brandt's eye I'm sure I had seen it even though for a second but I'm positive I had.'
I heard Valentiniau talking softly about some bullet and the man during the auction at the ball as he entered the room and sat over the chair next to the foot of my bed. He got up and came close towards me and bent down to take the spoon from my hand and dipped it inside the tub and scoped a mouthful of ice cream slowly sucking over it. His phone held between his ear and shoulder. He looked ravishing and every bit delicious to look at. The sight of his lips sealing the spoon full of ice cream was mouth-watering. His eyes never left mine. I was transfixed. He bent down and kissed my lips urging me to open it and I did and could taste ice cream all in me and on him. I gulped down the melted ice cream once he parted his lips from mine. As soon as it went down he continued kissing me. His taste was delicious. He parted himself and replied to the person on call.
"Yes. I absolutely need that and get me another head. I don't care how and what it will take. I want him and I want him fast."
'So he wants a new head for his security..hmmm.'
He left my side and headed towards the washroom.
'Why is Valentiniau in danger and why would someone try to kill him at the first place?'
'I should ask him about all this. I never knew until today that his life was at a danger. It never seemed so, he was always rakish but never a major scandal with any of his females, he is known to be ruthless and crude in the business world but have never heard of any drastic media vituperations. I need to go down to the crux of it.'
I slowly drift off to sleep thinking about and listening to his murmur. The last thing I remember is his face particularly his eyes that captures every stare.
The Alarm clicks on, startling me awake. I rub my eyes, glancing towards the clock it's- six thirty. Finally after few minutes when sanity chose to return, I took in to my surrounding. I had a hand wrapped around my waist and to my horror it was Him. Valentiniau was still sleeping. I look at him, he looks so peaceful and like a carefree college boy. I take in his arrogant slim nose and the black brown silky locks covering his forehead giving him a look of calm. I'm warm by his body heat. I can no longer stop my inner goddess to capture my mind.
'Touch him. It's fine, he won't bite.'
I stroke his hair slowly trying not to wake him. It was difficult to fathom that I would have him sleep next to me within few months. When I was out of my trance I drifted down to his eyes and was encountered with two sleepy puppy eyes.
"Good morning love." He said.
"Good morning. May I ask why are you draped all over me in my house on my bed?" I questioned trying to hide the tumult.
"Darling what's the time? You never seem to bore me. But looking at the darkness outside I'm guessing it's pretty early. So why don't we go back to sleep?" he spoke in a gruffly voice.
"What you seriously avoiding my question?" I was looking into his puppy eyes.
"No love. Anyways after yesterday's events we must have made front page announcing us engaged and soon we will be married so why not practice from now on. Cara practice makes a man perfect." He finished with a boyish grin that made him look so much younger.
He tightened his grip around my waist.
"Come now. Sleep, you need it."
"You're sly Mr. Visconti." I respond haughtily while turning my back to him trying to shove his hand away.
He further tightened the grip and spooned in on me.
'Arrrgghhhh.... Why is he always so torturous and twisted. Huh.'
"We are not yet married Mr. Visconti. Be contended in the fact that I haven't kicked you out of the bed." I replied trying to avoid the storm building inside me through his touch and warmth of his body.
"Mia Serpente you never fail to amuse me. Now you either want to sleep or you want me to tame that tongue of yours and implant my name in your able brain." He crooned next to my neck spreading fire in my veins.
I didn't argue further and quickly drifted back to sleep.
"Come on sleepyhead. Get up." Valentiniau was leaning over me. I look at him and he sits beside me. He had a sad look on his face. I got up and sat and crooked an eyebrow up, "What happened? Did you already read the paper or are we splashed all over the news channels? What is it?" I felt my pit rumble and had a very odd feeling.
"Catherine." He said my name in a sigh.
His face had miserable, wretched and sorrowful swathed all over.
"My father...huuhhh.. Catherine we need to go to Sicily." He said despondently.
I could see a distant look in his eyes.
"Why? Why all of a sudden?"
"Catherine we don't have time to discuss this right now. Please get ready and we will leave. My jet is being fueled in the meantime.
"But you need to tell me or else I'm not moving an inch here. You look like shit right now as though you're train wrecked."
He took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair.
"For once, just once can you not argue and do what I ask you to do. Do you always need to fight and argue your way to get through? Why the fuck do you want to know everything?"
'Shit he is angry. What did I do I just wanted to know why he was so dejected.'
I sit still staring at him. He starts walking towards the door and reminds me, "Get ready quickly we have only half an hour to reach the airport. And you know very well I don't accept delays." Saying so he walked out. I was left alone.
I quickly showered and got dress. I wore my emerald green dress with a coat and black heals. I packed my clothes in a handbag and put on some minimal make up. I walked out towards the kitchen carrying my handbag and saw Valentiniau setting up breakfast for me.
"You're ready. Good, eat." He commanded.
'Oh the dictator is back. My so called Boss.' I rolled my eyes at him.
He sighed. "Eat cara. Please you need it as it's a long flight."
I didn't pester him much but ate without any exchange of words.
Brandt knocked and walked in.
"Sir, are we ready?"
"Yes Brandt. Let's move."
He turns and extends his hands towards me. I unintentionally took his hand.
"My bag is there."
"No we don't need these." Saying he pulls me towards the door.
"But..."
Before I could finish we were out and in the car. We were at a pretty fast speed. I turn towards him to see but he has a stone face but his eyes were sad. I didn't know what to do.
'What must have happened?'
'Why is he so distant?'
I simply took his hand in mine and rubbed circles around his knuckles.
He gazed at me and I see him swallow hard clenching his teeth.
I felt like a lump in my throat not willing to free me from its pain. He catches my hand tight in his and shuts his eyes.
I let him.
We reached airport and got through the private security and were in the jet within twenty minutes.
He sat on the seat; I moved and swayed back to the seat next to him. The flight took off and we were airborne. He tried to busy himself in work whereas I was gazing at few magazines. After almost an hour I saw him asleep peacefully to my right and to my left Brandt all alert. I wanted to sleep and tried moving in my seat so as to sleep a little comfortably but in the process I woke Valentiniau. His hands moved and he then shifted to face me. I looked up to the pair of most gloomy eyes. I swear I could play the 'who stares the longest' game forever but I was too damn sleepy. So I broke the contact by looking down at my hand and tried adjusting to the seat.
"There's a bed at the end, if you want you can lie down there, rather than being uncomfortable over here." He suggested, his eyes piercing through me. I could see pain, hurt, regret and tiny spark of plea, plea of forgiveness; for someone, anyone to forgive him.
"Ok.. Thanks if I need I'll go there." I stared back with same intensity, trying not to break the bond.
I slowly snaked my arms around his gauging his feeling. He went stiff just for a second or so and was relaxed immediately. He allowed my arm to rest on his side coiled over his arm placed on his lap. He reached for my fingers and locked them in his. He breathed out heavily and shut his eye. I did the same. My posture was really uncomfortable and I was about to shift when he looked at me, released my hand and got up. I simply didn't understand his reaction. He crossed to the outer aisle and extended his hand. I looked at him in all confusion.
"Let's sleep on the bed. I don't want you to have any muscle aches."
I took his hand without arguing and simply nodding. I really need to sleep.
'Yes sleep on bed... wheeewww finally my back will yet again know the feel of soft cushions...'
We reached and simply got in. He lied face up with his palms supporting the back of his head. I lay next to him maintain the distance. I still was getting use to the situation of sleeping next to him.
"Catherine may I hold your hand?" he plead
I quietly held his hand and he took it placing it on his chest. I could feel his rhythmic heart beat and our breathing and with that I blacked out.
I felt someone tap my shoulder gently and slightly rocked me. When I strained my eyes to open I saw Claire our in flight hostess. She quickly bent and whispered, "Ma'am we are half an hour away to land. I thought may you and Mr. Visconti would like to get up and get dressed."
"Ye-Yeah. Sure thanks." I said and tried getting up that's when I realized Valentiniau had completely held me under an embrace of his arms and my head was resting on his chest. I felt my cheeks go crimson.
I carefully snaked out of his arms successfully without waking him. I looked at him and he looked peaceful. I walked out of the cabin and asked Claire for a cup of tea. Brandt looked fresh maybe he too caught some sleep. I looked at him and he smiled back.
After freshening up I came back when Brandt said, "Ma'am I guess we have fifteen minutes and you should wake Mr. Visconti."
"Me?" I questioned in shock.
He nodded.
'I. I am supposed to wake him? Why? Why can't Claire or Brandt?'
"Ok. But Brandt why this sudden rush to go home?"
He starred for quite some time with disbelief on his face.
"Ma'am the event did happen suddenly and everyone is in grief."
"What event and grief is you talking of?"
"Mr. Visconti's father he died yesterday"
As soon as those words hit my ear I was shocked.
"No wonder he was in pain. Yeah way to go Catherine of all the people you should know the pain.'
'He needs me and I'll be there for him. I have to be.'
I stood up and immediately went to the cabin. He was still sleeping I went towards his side of the bed and sat next to him slowly caressing his soft curls. It felt good.
"Valentiniau....Valentiniau... Baby get up we are almost there."
'Wait did I just call him baby? Arrghhh how can you be so dumb.'
"Cara?"
"Yes."
"Did you just call me 'Baby'?" he smirked trying to cheer himself out of the pain he felt.
I blushed satin pink.
"No Mr. Visconti you're going tone-deaf." I played along.
He got up took my face in his hands and kissed me on my forehead. I was glad I could make him feel a bit better. I went back to my seat.
'Shit... I don't have anything to wear at the funeral.'
'Should I tell him? Will he think I'm fussing over a piece of cloth when his father is dead?'
'Dear lord what do I do....' I was tapping my feet when Valentiniau returned next to me.
"Catherine wear this before there are further speculations." He said while removing a blue velvet box and tossed in on my lap.
I stunned at the sudden tossing of the box, but I went ahead and opened it just to find the most beautiful cushion cut two carat diamond ring between red satin cloths. But within a fraction my blood boiled to the way he had tossed the box at me.
'Who the fuck does he think he is? Some Sheikh who's every order I was to abide and obey? Huh when elephants will wear undies.'
'If he wanted me to wear that damn ring he could at the very least hand it to me in a nice way or with few kind words, like Catherine please wear. Arrogant ass.'
"Sorry I don't see the need too. Anyway we are heading to a funeral and not some social merry making." I snubbed him.
He looked confusedly.
"We have just announced our engagement yesterday and any person in his sane sense would know that the paparazzi's are going to look for the ring. So kindly do not question my intelligence."
"Not 'We' Mr. Visconti, you announced it and about the 'sane' part well I'm sure even when I'm twenty bottles down I'll have a saner perspective than yours." I replied with every bit of anger gathered.
"What the heck is wrong with you? You're going bonkers. Is this the hormone effect or are you always so questioning and annoying."
"You arrogant bastard." I said throwing the box at him. The words were out before I could stop myself.
He starred at me fury undoubtedly visible in his eyes.
"Enough. I cannot deal with this shit right now." He roared.
He swiftly opened the box took out the ring and pushed it on my left ring finger.
"Now keep that stone there and walk besides me. I hope you can hear me clear without any problem."
I was red, tomato red with anger and embarrassment. I felt right slapping him right now, when suddenly the plane hit the asphalt and I felt the slight bump.
We got down and headed towards the waiting Limousine. I went in avoiding the bright camera flash lights and was followed by him sitting next to me.
"Brandt ask Anto to stop at boutique."
"Yes sir."
The ride was short to the boutique. He dragged me in and it seemed as though we were standing in the middle of a runway fashion hall. There were beautiful gowns and dresses and what not. While I was struck in aweValentiniau was rummaging through the dresses.
'Why the heck are we here?'
'His father is laid in the coffin and this guy is shopping. It's so damn sickening.'
'Its a funeral for god sakes not a runway at Milan. Huh. No respect for the dead at all.' I sighed.
"Why are we rummaging through dresses? I thought we are heading to your fathers funeral?" I question pointing an eyebrow.
He looks towards me sighing, pinching the bridge of his nose.
"Catherine I am well aware of the situation but I'm sure I cannot turn up on a funeral in creased clothes and nor is my fiancé expected to wear an emerald dress. So yes though we are to attend a funeral I expect a decent dress covering us. I hope that answers all you questions." He turned on his heal frustration visibly emitting through his gait.
The manager approached asking, "Ciao signora e signore come posso aiutarla?" (Hello ma'am and sir how can I help you?) Making us look towards her.
"Ciao. Quindi questo e gow si frequentano ai client a piedi in?" (Hello. So this gow you attend to clients walk in?)
She gasped in shock.
"Sto chiedendo una semplice domanda. Ti consente a tutti i client a vagano all'oscuro?" (I'm asking you a simple question. It allows all clients to roam in the dark?)
I was embarrassed the way he insulted the lady.
'Arrogant donkey. Why is he being a jerk?'
"Rispondere rapidamente signorina Arianna, E'questo il motive per cui vi pago tutto una quantita di grasso di eseguire il mio boutique in perdita?" (Respond quickly Miss Arianna This applies to the motive for which I pay you all a quantity of fat to run my boutique in loss?)
Now we were both in shock.
'This was his boutique?'
'No wonder he spoke arrogantly, but just because he owns the boutique he is not allowed to vent out his anger on them and insult them. Freaking asshole.'
"Mr. Visconti? Mi...mi dispiace molto. Per favore lasciate che vi assicuro che questo non succedera di nuovo. Per favore lasciate che vi e signora assisto." (I ... I am very sorry. Please let me assure you that this will not happen again. Please let me and Mrs. witness.) She spoke quickly apologising with crimson stains on her cheeks.
I jutted between them.
"Hi please don't mind him. He is simply stressed....Arianna right?" I tried being polite. I just wanted to create distant between them before the girl starts pouring out.
She stabled herself and smiled nodding.
"I would like a simple black dress for the funeral." I spoke silently.
"Oh yes. I understand I'm so sorry for what happened."
"It's okay, but its he who should be addressing it."
"AAhhh... yes per fevore."
"No problem."
"Alex, please assisst Mr. Visconti." She nudged the guy and he nodded moving towards him.
Arianna and I were looking through the dresses when Valentiniau entered all ready with his new look. Black suit and pants with white shirt and black tie. He looked every bit classy and handsome. He looked ready to woo a girl only I knew the better against it.
"Still haven't got anything?" he asked meekly.
"Ahhh...no actually I don't like funerals and have hardly attended two."
"Hmmm. You're parents, I know."
"Yes. And Valentiniau I'm truly sorry for your loss. I know my behaviour was inappropriate and not called for." I spoke silently only for him to listen.
"No Catherine, I guess you have anchored me to reality. If only you weren't there I would have caused havoc and would be a complete rude vexed up brute. So please help me here to be fixed to the calm self I so want to lose." He said it with so much melancholy that made my heart ache.
"I'm here for you." I replied with these simple words as these words though simple, have a strong effect on a sad person with loss of hope.
'It had worked for me when Lucy had said those four words- I'm.Here.For.You.,when I had needed them.'
"So should I go with this?" I tried changing the topic. Black, boat neck dress; knee length, flaring slightly from waist below.
"Yup that should do. Get dressed here itself. We will directly head towards the church."
"Ok."
I quickly changed my dress and tied my hair in a simple pony tail held low near my nape.
I went out of the cloak room and we exited the boutique. The ride was almost an hour and a half long. We reached and were sitting for obsequies. Valentiniau made me sit and went ahead to greet his mother and siblings and cousins. He was officially the head and had to put on the show of following every custom. I could see the pain in his eyes but his face was expressionless. He concealed his emotions very well. I could see Marcus at his side and I felt like throwing up. On contrary to Valentiniau I was not so good at masking emotions.
Marcus caught my eyes and we stared throwing daggers at each other. I looked away ignoring him and trying to focus on Valentiniau. He turned back once or twice and I gave him a reassuring nod that I was fine. But Marcus's stare burnt holes in me. I could still feel him staring.
'He has the fucking audacity to stare at me. Bastard, such a fucking retard.'
The funeral service was done and we headed home. When we entered, his house was like a mansion. I knew it would be majestic and beautiful, but this, this was completely breath taking. It was magnificent and classy. The foyer was huge like an assembly hall. It had beautiful paintings at the entrance and a large chandelier in the middle. At one end it had a terrace that faced the sea and breeze flowing in playing with your memories. It was exquisite. I was awe struck and at the same time I felt down and out.
'I mean look at it, this is his family wealth and status. Can I rise to the status? Or will I simply humiliate him?'
Thoughts were just passing by like a hundred per second.
"No. Don't worry they are not important people. Don't stress yourself cara." He said as though reading me, knowing what I feared at that very moment.
I looked up in dazed.
'How does he always do that? I mean read me. Like know what's going on in my head. It's freaking scares me. Pffttt.'
"Don't you think I should go? I don't want to embarrass you or your family at such time. Just show me the room and I will be out of your hair."
"No. I need you to be close to me. You are not going anywhere." Saying, he held me close to him squeezing me close to his side, tightening his grip on my waist.
"Are you sure? I mean I can totally understan—." I was cut by his look. His brows furrowed with sadness and I just sighed and started walking besides him.
"Val...." Someone called and we turned towards the source of voice approaching US. She was tall and slim a perfect porcelain beauty; long brown hair and blue eyes. The perfect curves that could make a man go bonkers.
"Caro I'm so sorry for your loss. Our loss." She said holding his arms and standing close, too close than necessary.
"Thanks Elena. Thank you for helping out." He spoke desolately.
"Per favor. Val, this is nothing." She said resting her head on his shoulders.
I was jaw dropped. I felt uncomfortable and tried moving away to give them some space.
'Clearly they had something. I don't want to tap dance on a shoestring.'
'Why is she sticky and all over him?'
'And, why the fuck is I jealous? It's not your say Catherine. Wake up...'
Before I could try and move away, his grip tightened and he pulled me ahead shoving Elena away.
"Elena. This is Catherine my fiancée."
The look on her face was a million dollar one. She was all ready to go thermonuclear on me. I guess if she could she would chop me to thousand pieces and feed me to the sharks.
She smirked and looked towards me.
"Ciao e Benvenuto." She spoke curtly with a smile but her eyes warning that I had stepped on prohibited territory; snatched the forbidden fruit. Blue stony eyes, conveying that it's my funeral if I didn't back out. I was trying to grasp the hint.
"Val? Lei non sa nemmeno Itallian. come lei sta per adattarsi? per l'amor di Dio si è neanche che praticamente neanche." (Val? She doesn't even know itallian. how is she going to fit in? for god's sake she isn't that pretty either.) She stated rudely.
Before Valentiniau could reply she cut him.
"Ahhh... I mean hello and welcome." She spoke showing her false concern.
"oh. grazie caro. E perché il benvenuto? E 'piuttosto sarà la mia casa troppo." (oh. Thank you dear. And why welcome? It's rather going to be my home too.)
I could see the shock on her face.
'How was that bitch. Now you taste your medicine.'
"Piuttosto io dovrei essere il benvenuto. Mi dispiace tanto mi sembra di aver dimenticato le buone maniere si prega di essere confortevole." (Rather i should be welcoming you. I'm so sorry I seem to have forgotten my manners please be comfortable.) I said pulling a wide smile on.
She went pale on learning that I perfectly knew the language and that I one upped the challenge.
"Ahhh...Elena? Vi do il benvenuto."( I welcome you.) I finished with a final blow and felt satisfied.
'You mess with the wrong bitch. Huh.'
Valentiniau was shocked as well but slightly chuckled and I pulled him with me before Elena could reply. We went over from one guest to another pouring their condolence's and few chatting about business. He introduced me to all the guest we spoke to. I felt tiered of walking around while talking to some Mr Bonacci. I excused myself and headed towards the terrace to breathe in some fresh air.
It was serene sight. The breeze was cool and salty. The waves hitting a far away cliff was eye catching and the flow of waves calmed my nerves. I closed my eyes supporting myself by holding the terrace parapet.
"Isn't it lovely and peaceful out here?" someone spoke behind me his voice hush and almost on line nearing my personal space.
I turned around moving him back and looked at him. He was tall and lean. He had a boyish grin and dirty blond hair. Blue- green eyes with a mischievous look.
"Yes, indeed it is. And who are you?"
"Ahhh me... well Signora....?"
"Catherine."
"Hmmm. Lovely name...So I was saying Signora Catherine, this humble man in front of you is Raoul Cavallaro. And it's a pleasure to meet you." He finished his dramatics by pecking on my knuckles. I stiffened but quickly snatched my hand.
"So it's true, my cousin Val has brought an arm doll with him." He smirked wickedly, eyeing me as though mentally undressing me.
I was fuming.
'What the fuck. Is he eccentric?'
'And did he just call me an arm doll? I will rip the smile out of his face.'
"Don't worry bella I'm not going to touch you in intimate ways that my cousin does but I'm sure you won't mind if I did this?" and he stroked my cheeks and slowly snaking his fingers down my clavicle to my arm. I immediately moved away breaking the contact.
"Listen you shithead I'm no one's arm doll or property and lay off. Don't you dare come near me or touch me. I hope I made it clear." I said and started walking away when he held my wrist and jerked me back towards him. He was too close to me. So close that I could feel his breathe on my cheek.
"You are on fire. Such spiteful personality. Hmmm wish I had met you first, you wouldn't be standing here cara but rather jumping in bed with me."
"Raoul." A familiar voice called from behind. A voice that calmed me. Voice that I never knew I'd be happy to hear.
And the next moment he turned Raoul and punched him. I could not comprehend what just happened.
"You dare not touch my lady. Have I not made that clear in the past?" Valentiniau roared.
Raoul was shaking with fear. He stepped few steps back fear visible in his eyes.
"She said she wasn't yours and that she didn't belong to you." Raoul replied.
Valentiniau was taken aback with it and I could see anger built up directing towards me.
"You bitch... one moment you're all up close and all over me soothing and caring for my loss, and the next you're whoring your self to him." He spat out.
'Enough. I can't take this shit more to fuck him and his cousin.'
Without thinking much I went up to him and slapped him.
"I am not an arm doll and I'm definitely not an object of interest that you can claim, buy or to whom I belong. Keep that in mind Mr. Visconti as I don't like and won't repeat it again. Drill it through your thick skull." Turning towards Raoul, "And that's for you too. You shithead chauvinist pig."
I stomped out without thinking much. I looked around but was lost in the huge house. Finally I ran into a maid who showed me the room where I was to sleep. My room was big which opened out to the terrace giving a lovely view of the beach.
I requested for a cup of tea and some bites as I was famished. I ran myself a bath and felt relaxed. I popped out of washroom but realized I had no clothes.
I heard a knock.
"May I come in Madam?" I realized it was the maid and asked her to come in. she placed the tea and croissants on the terrace table.
"Excuse me?"
"Yes Signora. How may I assist you?"
"What's your name?"
"Maria signorina."
"Call me Catherine. So Maria can I get some clothes as I haven't got any as we jumped on the flight, rather in a hustle."
"Si Signora. Signore Visconti has already asked for your clothes and all are there in the closet."
"Thank you Maria."
"Si."
I entered the closet and it had various dresses and gowns to silk nightwear's. I quickly took a silk camisole and pajamas and headed towards the terrace to have my tea.
After drinking in the spectacular view I went in and dozed off.
"I'm sorry Catherine." I felt fingers sliding over my face.
"Forgive me Cara. Forgive me for doubting you. I should have known better." He sighed placing his forehead on mine and breathing unevenly. 
 "But I can not bear to see someone trying to get their finger on what's mine. I cannot allow anyone and I mean anyone including the God and Devil, to steal you. You are and will be mine. And darling I will never share Mine." I heard the soft whispers.
'I could spot his voice among a million other. Only he has the ability to be so complex. One moment angry... another happy... another jealous... another soft and loving.'
"Valentiniau?" I looked straight into his eyes. Eyes conveying; guilt for doubting me, carnal desire, need for warmth, passion for claim, care to protect, that was bottled up for long, long time.
"Cara please. Please forgive me." He spoke without blinking. Without breaking the eye bond.
"I forgive you Valentiniau." I hushed out.
The words were broken as he claimed my lips. His soft lips pursuing mine. His tongue stroking my bottom lip nudging me to open. And so I did. His kiss was assurance; for being sorry, for being there when I'd need him, for always being jealous and knocking down people if they come near, but most of all it was an assurance for a sinful sail.
The kiss was one of thirst, thirst that would make us drink each other till last drop to offer. I was completely wanton.
I needed him before; I needed him now and will need him forever.
'Right now I am sure of three things; one Valentiniau is the most dangerous, masochistic enemy one could cross, two he is the most powerful and stinking rich predator that could crush you or lure you in a second, and three my heart has imprudently and irremediably committed itself to love him.'
He broke the spell and looked towards me.
"Mia cara, you have no idea how much I ache for you, the extent of my need to be with you to take you right here on this bed. But I have to go as I need to settle few matters."
I simply nodded as I was still ecstatic from our kiss.
"Good night, mia bella moglie." He kissed and got up.
"Good night." I muttered under my breath.
"Cara? I kissed you not because I want to hurt you, but rather because I love kissing you and never forget that you are mine." He left but his feel and words lingered.
'Moglie.... Wife? Did he just say that?'
'He said 'I love kissing you and you are mine' yes....he loves kissing me... and so do I. I am HIS body heart and soul.'
'Lucy was right he completely wanted to possess me and now he does.'
With these mushy thoughts I was gently ushered into the world of love.
The next morning Maria wakes me up and I feel well relaxed and fresh. I get ready and go out to explore the house not really it was a mansion. I wanted to see Valentiniau when I was caught by him. My stomach tingled as though tiny fairies were dancing within.
"Good morning cara. Hope you slept well?" he asked with a wicked grin. Grin saying he knew that he left his mark on me that I would toss up on my bed before sleep took over.
"Yes. It was indeed relaxing. Thank you."
"Very well. Can you come with me to my study room, I need to talk to you."
I stared for countless minutes towards Valentiniau.
'Why would I need a bodyguard and why an advisor?'
'I have my fucking brains intact to do the logical thing.'
They both looked at me trying to gauge my reaction. Valentiniau stepping close to me.
"Catherine you too will need it. My entire security has been upped, and it's not just you by for every member of my family"
"But... why would my life be in danger? I am not a multi million dollar baby that needs protection."
He sighed; turning towards Jenin he made a quick eye talk asking him to leave us alone. Jenin nodded and left.
"Catherine. Listen to me." He came near me almost a foot apart from me. He cupped his hands on my checks and stared at me.
"My father was pronounced dead, by the doctor due to asphyxia due to arrhythmic heart function."
I looked into his dark eyes that held so many emotions.
"But for a fact I knew that he was not that old or sick, so I asked our family doctor to test him completely and to my surprise it was not a natural death. It was due to Aconite poisoning as it's left over was found on my father's dressing table found by my security team."
"I'm so sorry Valentiniau. I didn't know..."
"No cara, don't be. I wasn't that close to him anyways. But this means that he was murdered in this very house. So yes you need to have security too as you are my fiancée and it's my duty to protect you and be for you. I could not protect you before, but not anymore. So please do not argue and just let me keep you safe for my peace of mind. You are now my responsibility."
I nodded trying to comprehend why someone would want to kill his father, when Valentiniau is already declared the head.
We walked out and headed towards the huge patio facing the sea. We had our breakfast in silence and headed towards our rooms to get dressed.
After an hour I was ready. I chose to wear simple blue jeans with a white top. I headed out and met Jenin who was instructing his men by the patio along with Brandt. I waited for them to finish so that I could ask where Valentiniau was. They dispersed every one.
"Good morning Miss Lockwood. How are you?" Brandt asked with a tight smile.
"Good morning Brandt, and please call me Catherine as I have said before. Isn't Lockwood to long? Anyways where is Valentiniau?" I asked him.
"Boss is in his study. I hope you have met Jenin he will be your bodyguard."
"Ahh yes I have Brandt. Is he as good as you? I mean will I be comfortable or is he like those no nonsense type." I laughed through my statement along with Brandt, Jenin smirking at back.
"Rest assure Catherine, he is good at his work. He was an undercover agent who has successfully handled most covert and perilous situations." I heard, and I didn't need to turn as I knew this voice. I can hit the bull's eye even if I'm thrown in a sea of voices. We turned and saw Valentiniau approaching us.
"Sir." Brandt nodded and left.
I looked towards Valentiniau he was dressed in grey suit and pants with a crisp pearl white dress shirt. He looked so much like the CEO I was once intimidated by.
"Catherine, if you have any questions ask me. Do not start being cozy with my staff. I do not appreciate it." I furrowed my brows in confusion.
"I was just saying hi and asking about Jenin. I was being polite."
"I do not pay them to play polite with you but rather protect."
"I know that Valentiniau you need not say it. But I cannot act all the time as though a stick is shoved up my rear. I cannot simply be an authoritarian."
"What am I to do with you?" he sighed. "We are going to my nonna's place. Are you ready?"
"Yeah I am, unless these clothes don't match your status." I snubbed.
"No they are fine. So let's go."
Our ride was silent. Brandt and Jenin were in the front. Our privacy window was up.
After an hour we reached his grandparents' house and it was mind blowing and beautiful. It had a tight security all around. We entered and an aged woman stood there with tears in her eyes.
"Valentiniau...Mia cara, dopo tanto tempo. Vi ho perso così tanto il mio amore." She spoke between her kisses. "Valentiniau...My darling, after such a long time. I have missed you so much my love."
He simply smiled and cupped her face and placed a kiss on her forehead. He truly adored her and she truly loved him. It was a relation I never had with my grandparents.
The old woman looked at me and narrowed her eyes, later smiling at me she nodded. She looked at Valentiniau.
"Dolce cuore chi è questa ragazza? Lei è la tua sposa? Spero che sia. Lei è bella. Bah non stare lì come un agente provocatore e introdurre noi." She patted him. "Sweet heart who is this girl? Is she your bride? I hope she is. She is beautiful. Bah don't stand there like a goon and introduce us."
He laughed for the first time since we landed. His smile touching his eyes.
"Nonna this is Miss Catherine Lockwood and Catherine this is my Nonna Gia Lorenzi"
We smiled at each other and she embraced me into a hug.
"Miss Lockwood do come in." she ushered us inside the house.
"Please call me Catherine Mrs. Lorenzi."
"Ahh. Sure but then you can call me nonna as my Val does."
"Yes nonna."
An aged man in his sixties descended down the staircase eyeing the three of us. Valentiniau moved forward to meet him at the foot of the stairs. They hugged and exchanged few pleasantries before heading towards us.
"Catherine this is my nonno Dante Lorenzi." I smiled.
"Nonno this is Miss Catherine Lockwood" He smiled extending his hands towards me. I shook it and he kissed my knuckles.
"At last it is a pleasure to meet my grandson's bride. You're welcome in our humble home. Please let's make ourselves comfortable."
We went to the patio and sat there the tea and eatables were served.
"So tell me when is the pair of you planning to tie the knot. I cannot wait any longer." Nonna questioned us.
"Well nonna we will as soon as I can handle all the business that father has left midway. I need to set everything right."
"Yes.. yes I understand it was sudden I understand. But don't let that stop you he would have want you to settle down." She said with tears in her eye.
"Now now Gia mia cara don't cry and scare Catherine away." Dante comforted Gia.
I simply smiled and held her hand in mine.
We had our tea and chatted a bit about me and how we met.
"Val accompany me to the study son. Catherine excuse us please. Gia take care of her." Dante spoke while leaving the patio.
Valentiniau was gone, leaving me and nonna together.
"Catherine since we are alone I want to ask you few thing mia cara. Is it ok?"
"Sure nonna please do."
"Dear do you love my grandson?"
"Well nonna it's not a complete love story between us. I respect him a lot and care a lot for him. I guess yes I do love him."
Nonna eyed me as though she is not convinced with what I spoke.
'Do I love him? Can I love such an intimidating man who can make my nerves jump each time we are near?'
'Overeager am I? Jeez I've already gone ahead with the decision to marry him and now am I in love with him? Yes.... Yes I'm in love with the arrogant bastard.'
Nonna pulled out a locket from her and opened it to show me a photo.
"This is my favorite photo of him so I asked Dante to make a locket out of it." She said sliding her fingers over the locket photo carefully placing it in my hands.
It had her and Dante in it with a young lady and a boy. The boy was holding nonna's and the lady's hand on each side with Dante at back. He had mischievous grey eyes, thick dark hair with a bright adorable smile. The young lady I guess was Francesca her daughter.
"Catherine my child, I want Valentiniau to be happy, like how I see him in this photo. Since his mother Francesca departed he has been very serious always trying to do the right thing, trying to prove himself. Always trying to be perfect at everything he does. After his degree he immediately started working and took over the empire. He is very successful in his business but he often forgets that life is not just some race that is to be won, sometimes we need to slow down our pace to just look around and enjoy the life we have been given. But my poor Val, he wants to reach the final destination of life's race forgetting that it is not the destination of the race that counts but the journey taken to reach there. He wants to solve all the problems making his loved ones lives easy and comfortable but in that trek he forgets to smile or laugh or remember that he's human and that he cannot always undo the Gordian knot."
"He's a very successful businessman though." I said quietly knotting my fingers around the locket. I felt a deep pain as though I could relate to Valentiniau's situation.
"He is, but he's not a happy person. There is a part in him that is abyss - black hole. He needs to fill it or that abyss someday will expand to such a great level that it will destroy him. He is a good man, my grandson but he is not expressive. He probably doesn't realize that he has a void within him. He makes the best decisions for his family but when it comes to him it's like he always ends up wearing a shoe to tight or loose that either pinch's him too deeply leaving a scar or slips away; both making the void great. I can see he loves you it's pretty much etched on his face and especially his eyes. He can put up a mask but his eyes always give away. I can see how his eyes twinkles like that of a love struck fool when he sees you. Its only you Catherine that can enter that black hole and fill it with brightness of your love from inside out."
'Valentiniau loves me; no way, the way he tossed the ring at me, no. maybe he cares and has sympathy towards my situation but love no.'
"I can vouch nonna that I'm not the slipping type but surely pinch a lot with every step he takes reminding him of my presence. Then how can you be sure that I can fill the void in him?" I questioned her but when I looked at her it was as though she knew every bit the reason we are marrying to the agreement to everything. It felt paranoid.
"I don't say that you are perfect or he is. I cannot assure you that together you both will always be perfect. I cannot assure that it will not pain or every step you take will take you forward. Sometimes your steps taken will be painful and some might even pull you down as if gravity is playing a dirty joke on you. But remember that, before we can fly, we need to run and before we can run, we need to walk by lifting ourselves from the fall. And in this fly, run, walk and fall I want you to be with him like gospel truth. I want both of you to be one body and soul. If he be the human body you the serene clean soul to guide him through the fall and walks."
I simply stared at her trying to digest her faith in me.
"You know Catherine, my father told me when I got married to Dante that, by reaching out to someone and holding their hand can be a start to a beautiful journey, but not always will it be smooth it will be rocky; but even in that rockiness it will be good as you will have someone to hold your hand, and when the journey ends it will be good but in the end it is the journey that matters and the person who stands by you when you're at the end of it. And I always cherished these words. I said the same to my daughter when she was to marry and now I say it to you as I welcome you into our family."
Tears slipped down my cheeks. I had turned into a fountain.
"I'm not that great as a person you believe me to be nonna." I said between my soft gasps, taking the tissue nonna handed me which made me feel worse and I cried a little more.
"I don..don't even know where to start. Being the kind of wife you want me to be to him whereas I am not worth a penny. Since I never had a nonna with me I will take you as one and pour my heart out. I want to get free of this."
"Yes cara you can tell me anything I'll try to comfort you and get a way to solve your discomfort. Now be a sweet girl and pour it out to your nonna."
And so did I. I spoke about my mom dad and Marcus his child that's growing within me and my relation to Valentiniau and how I finally fell for him.
"I thought so when Valentiniau had called a week back asking me that 'Nonna can we let a child suffer for some else's mistake? Is it necessary for a woman to suffer for love if her man was not correct for her?' and that is when he told me that he is getting married soon and getting his bride to meet us, once I had replied that the man himself is at fault and not the loving woman or the unborn child." She placed her hands on mine.
"I'm happy that you trust me and don't cry Catherine, no matter what I'll be your nonna from now on. Go ahead tell me all your fears but before that we should go to my room as its almost noon. Come."
We held hands and walked in and made ourselves comfortable in the sit out attached to nonna's room.
"Yes. Now that we are comfortable, tell me."
"Nonna I told you almost everything apart from one major chunk that which is the darkest and saddest part of my life. And I don't remember, after I have revealed it to anyone, that they have stuck around to support me so I would not mind if you change your decision."
"I have seen my family go through some dark times so I'll try my best not to judge and understand."
"My Grandfather is Demitrice Christakos; he is Greek a well-known shipping magnet and a Boss to Greek MAFIA." I blurted out looking straight at nonna to see if she'd bolt out on me. But rather she was as calm as the sea. So I went ahead with the dreadful confession.
"He was against my parents marrying as he wanted my father to marry an equally powerful mafia's daughter so that their merger would make them one the most powerful pact. But my father fell in love with my mother and he married her. Later my grandfather accepted their marriage as my father was the only heir and my mother was pregnant with my twin and me. When we were born he already arranged an agreement with one of Italian his partner's grandson. It was all just about power; he never had an ounce of feeling for anyone. I was named Catherine for my grandmother as she was kind and kindled spirit and my sister was named Caitlin. My father took us and left along with us as he didn't want the same future for us but my grandfather took away Caitlin and while doing so she was shot as there was an attack due to some dispute. After my mother's death, he wants me to come back to him as my aunt Hera has a daughter who is too young to know anything and that her husband is dead while they were attacked by the others. He wanted me to run his empire, but I could not go back to him after what he did to my parents and Caitlin. He wishes me to follow his path, to head the family, to be close to him but after he's shown his black side how can I expect to see any white in him. He is the dark demon himself. Right this moment I'm scared that he'd walk in here and drag me to Greece and get me married to the chosen one."
Tears just slipped away and I was numb and even with the sun blazing I felt cold within.
"My dear Catherine, you have a very clear perception for things either being black or white that is right or wrong but few people with or without choice dwell in the shades of grey. Do not think badly of the old man he repents what he has done and wants to have his last few days in peace knowing he is with his family. I'm sure whether he is the boss of mafia family in Greece or not he is your grandfather, he is your family and you should give him the chance to apologize and make his repentance a tiny bit easy. It's not easy to forgive people who hurt us especially the ones that are not expected to hurt us but eventually we have to let the ghost out and kill it."
I nodded hugging nonna.
"Does Valentiniau know anything about your grandfather?" she questioned patting my hands.
"No nonna I have not got the courage to tell him." I said.
"I won't say when you have to tell him but it's up to both of you when you are ready to face the dark demons of your lives."
I was like a water tank with two holes draining all the water out.
"I don't... I don't know nonna whether I'll make a good wife to your grandson and that I'll be able to live up to your expectations of me, to be a wife -for him."
"You don't have to be any kind of wife I want you to be. I just want you to be the right kind of wife he wants you to be and from what I know my grandson," Nonna said leaning forward rubbing the tears away. "You should be just yourself. Because he chose you knowing you as you were."
"You think that will be enough! to sustain this marriage nonna. He doesn't love me." I exclaimed in a chocked laugh with tears. "He didn't even propose, he demanded the marriage for the child's sake and this fat stone shinning on my finger was tossed onto me. He really doesn't love me. He is just doing his duty nonna. And truth to be told I don't deserve his love. He may be arrogant and rude but he has a clear conscience. Where as I on the other hand am outspoken and dirt poor. I don't have my family. I talk too much and mostly wrong thing at wrong places and that's not recommending a lot. How could I possibly be his right choice? How?!"
"Nonna what's going on here?"
I whipped around, trying to hide myself tears rolling down my throat. I quickly wiped the tears and cleared my throat. I was mortified at having him walk on us like this and more tears sprang up.
"Please excuse me nonna." I said quickly running out of her room.
"Why are you crying Catherine...?" he shouted as I exited.
I strode out so fast that I rammed into Brandt and Jenin.
"Miss Lockwood, are you okay?" Brandt asked in a voice full of concern.
"Yeah, of course. Sorry I ran into you. I was just distracted."
His blue eyes were disquietingly direct, as if I could get nothing pass him. Last thing I needed was heart to heart talk with Brandt. I was emotional and vulnerable and that made me feel terrible.
"you're crying and you're sad" he observed. "Did he make you cry?"
I simply stared in silence.
"Catherine I am his head of security but more than that I am his friend. I know he can be difficult at times but he's a good man. Believe me I wouldn't vouch for anyone with my life, but him I would."
I laughed sadly. "It's just that I'm not having a good day. Nothing to worry about Brandt. Don't worry I've had bad days before."
He nodded.
"Catherine!"
I cringed but did not turn. "I believe you should go before you too start having a bad day Brandt." And with those words he left.
While I stood Brandt murmured something to Valentiniau before he came up to me.
"Catherine. Cara." He voice was slower lower and gentler.
I raised a brow. "What? You're not angry for me being cosy with your staff again?"
His jaw clenched. "I promised nonna and Brandt that I would be. Are you this talented at winning all the boys and their nonna's over? First Marcus, then Rick, then Brandt then my nonna and nonno and now..."
The resentment in his voice wasn't lost to me especially when he added Brandt's name. My anger sparked.
"You belittle me and my sentiments that I have for them. What are you some innocent saint and making me out to be a an attention seeking slut, when you have humped numerous around the world and maybe fresh out of Elena's bed."
His grey eyes flickered, a change to dark and he stiffened for some seconds, his nostrils flared.
I threw my hand in the air.
"No not at all. It's my fault for thinking that you're a gentleman enough to stand by me. I get it that people will make me pariah for thinking myself capable of becoming Mrs. Valentiniau Visconti but I didn't think it would come from you. Not after what we shared in this past week and how nice you were to me."
He tried to say something. He tried opening his mouth but shut it immediately. His expressions were dark and gruesome.
"It's really not your fault it's mine. I seem to forget the cold callous arrangement we have. Besides you must hate me for the mess I have created and you being dragged to the altar to alter it. You could have been happy with Elena. Now I understand why you find it so difficult to talk nicely to me or stay in my presence. It's because you had to give up what you could have with a woman you love to a random girl that was knocked up by your fucking brother. I totally get it."
"While I'm impressed how you have imagined my so called love story with Elena, let me assure you that yes I had intended to marry her at some point but I never loved her. Our marriage would have been convenient that's it. I've never dreamt of Elena in a white veil walking down the aisle. Yesterday I was merely thanking her for arranging everything and helping out at the funeral. But when she got mouthy I was about to stop her but you my love are something else you never needed my protection that time, you completely chewed swallowed and burped Elena out." He said placing his hands on my cheeks wiping my tears.
"Well I hope she's feeling better as I cannot give her any more sympathy than this as I was being mocked by her last night."
His face lost colour when I spoke.
"You don't have to darling. I've told you, you are mine and I am not ashamed one bit to declare that. And I didn't intend her to mock you. Please do not think of her anymore and sour our moods." He pulled me to his arm and kissed me.
A sudden flare of heat swept through my body. My heart was doing a drum dance and I closed my eyes. My hands reached the nape of his neck holding his hair. My mind went blank. His soft lips moved against mine, his tongue teasing its way into my mouth. My reflexes fired up and I reacted. I matched every bit of his assault, with my lips.
We pulled apart when someone cleared their throat. It was nonno and he came to invite us for lunch. We had our lunch said our goodbyes and left. In evening I took rest whereas Valentiniau was busy with his staff and work.
At night we had diner and were sitting at the patio he said, "Catherine I want you to learn how to protect yourself. Now I know we can't do any strenuous exercise so from tomorrow Jenin will teach you how to shoot."
I looked up wide eyed as though my eyes would pop out.
'He wants me to learn what....shoot... has he lost it?'
'I don't have to be a freaking machete.'
"You want me to what? If I learn to shoot you might never know I might just aim at your balls. Aren't you scared?"
"No darling I'm not as I'm well trained in combat arts and shooting." He smirked.
"Fine. Good night."
"Good night darling" he stood up to walk out with me. He walked till my room.
"Good night. See you tomorrow."
"Good night cara. Are you sure you'll be fine to sleep by yourself? You can sleep in my room. You know I don't bite."
"I'll be fine Val. Thanks."
"Catherine. i just wanted you to know one thing. You are my right choice." He kissed on my forehead and walked back.
I laid back on my bed. his voice running in my head. 'You are my right choice.....You are my right choice.....You are my right choice.'
'He had heard what I said. That means he loves me too.'
'What nonna said was true.'
'Than why does he show that he does not care like I'm his duty and nothing else?'
'I have to come clean. He needs to know who I am and from where I belong.'
I have decided to tell it to Valentiniau. I will no longer hide it. I slept like a baby after I had emptied my heart out to nonna.
"Caitlin....Caitlin... listen to me. Don't....don't do it. It wasn't worth then and it isn't worth now." I was holding my twin, trying to convince her in the best possible way.
"Look at me. Look at us we have come so far and now you want all that back. All that; from what we have run our entire lives. Dad didn't do it for him, he did it for us. Our safety. You want to go back and forget the pain, the loss... you want revenge isn't it? Tell me don't just stand there and with your head down. Don't lie to my face; just blurt out the truth you don't have to lie to your family." Tears sliding down our faces. We looked into each other as there was no shield. We could see through the pain, the loss, the fear, but most of all the fire of vengeance.
"Yes Catherine.... Yes. I need a closure with this and if by vengeance I get my closure so be it. It wasn't his age, wasn't his time god dammit. I was not ready; we were not ready for him to go. But they took him and I will not hide out here when I can take my revenge with those fucking low lives. Nothing you say will change the fact that our father is dead. So either you come with me and we do it together or I'll go alone and wipe their ass from the face of earth." She crashed the glass of water on the floor shattering it into tiny splinters that twinkled in the glory of lamp above.
"Caitlin I never took you as a dumb one. You think you can waltz in there in the middle of a fucking feud in Greece and point out your candy and say 'hey it's me your death, do you have any last wish?' No you just can't. They aren't some druggies or a mob of stupid addicts. Those men out there they are the ones who exemplify the word 'ruthless' and if that's how you intend to die, I'm not in." I shouted my lungs out I could feel the drop of sweat slipping down my throat. Caitlin was standstill by the kitchen counter with her eyes blood shot red.
"You always undervalue me sis. I'm not going to waltz into my enemy's territory but I am surely waltzing in papau's house. Two weeks back at the funeral papau invited us whole as a family, but you and mom refused it. Later two days back he told me that after dad it's the eldest heir that takes over the business and family. But you are not interested in heading the family so I guess the next in line is me sis and I'm not giving it up to those suckers. Papau's has made a deal with me. If I come back and start heading the family, he promises to get me my revenge. I don't see any wrong and to my advantage grandpa will drag that son of a bitch to my feet where I can happily burst his balls and feed them to the alligators." She had a wicked smirk that could only be rage driven.
"You are not seeing through this in a clear sense. Grandpa will take his revenge whether you head the family or not. It's not up to you. He is trying to drag you in. And remember one thing once you're in you're in for life. And if you take up the underboss position you sign in your life and soul to that man. Don't forget that he has a personal vendetta and if you join in it there is no turning back, there is no out, there is no mercy, but only one Omertà."
"I know that and so I am not saying anymore. Bye sis and take care of mom." She pulled her haversack and walked out.
I was paralysed. She left us. She chose him over us. She chose vengeance over family, she chose death over life. I pulled myself and ran screaming behind her.
"Caitlin.....Caitlin – Caitlin don't.... Omertà"
"Catherine..... Catherine..... Cara –"
Heavy, tight hands shaking me, my head felt dizzy, heavy. I was surrounded by darkness. My eyelids felt heavy but I strained to open them. I split them to find darkness again but along with the darkness warm hands cupping my face and his silhouette appearing next to me under the brush of soft tender moonlight. I was soaking wet in my sweat. I looked at him and he bend down to kiss my forehead.
"Cara..." he sighed my name.
"What happened?" I questioned but the answer was still freshly sketched in my memory.
"I was walking past from your room after I finished my work when I heard noises from your room so I came in and found you screaming for some girl Caitlin and omertà. You were shacking badly cara. I was scared so I had to wake you up." His brows furrowed and concern etched in his voice.
"It was just a stupid dream... huh lots of action movies I guess. What time is it?" I asked nervously trying to hide my discomfort. He had a frown on his face, a frown of suspicion.
"It's two forty five and you need to rest darling. Do you want water?"
"No. I guess I should go back to sleep. Thank you though for now."
"Catherine you don't have to thank me, but I do have some questions that you need to answer but for now you rest." He came forward inches apart and brushed a light kiss on my lips, but long enough to let me know that this is not the end. He will not be fooled by my stupid excuses of action films.
"Can you sleep here with me tonight? I don't feel like being alone." He narrowed his gaze onto me but without uttering he walked past the bed to the other side and slides in beneath the comforter. He spoons me in and murmurs soft Italian words and I drift back to sleep.
The next thing I in view is sunlight playing around the edge of a beautiful crystal vase set on my side table. I check the time it's six ten and I sigh remembering last night. Valentiniau was still asleep sprawled next to me. I lift his leg from mine and slid out of my bed. I quickly run in the washroom and after half an hour I'm completely ready for the new day. I remembered I have to go for training with Jenin so I chose a cargo pant with black vest. I tie my hair in a tight bun and put on some minimal powder on.
'Should I wake him?' I think starring at the figure lying on my bed.
'No. you don't need any morning confrontations to the dark demons. I'll let him sleep and go to my training.'
At that moment he turned on his back spreading his limbs on either side.
'Now how would Mr. haughty look if he's tied down? Hmm I like the idea of it.... My devilish side is on after so long.'
I finish my task at hand with few scarfs and stumble out quickly.
I have a glass of milk and head towards the main entrance. Brandt, Jenin and few others are standing facing each other talking about today's work. They don't see me approaching so I tip toe in my sneakers and stand close to them behind a pillar to hear what they are talking about.
"Othello you know what the Boss wants. He won't accept any more delays than you have already been granted. You are fucking dancing on a combustible gas cylinder with gun in Boss' hand. You better hurry or the Boss will burst your cherries." I knew this voice it was Brandt's, no doubt about it.
"Brandt if he can't do it why don't I get it and let him play pin the donkey with Boss' cupcake. I don't get it why is my talent not put to better use. She's gonna twist her wrist before she'd be able to pull the cork" I guessed that was Jenin.
'Piece of shit. He thinks I'm not worth training? I'll show him how well I was trained. I'll burst his ass. And he called me cupcake.'
"Jenin you know the Boss' order so don't start again, rather device a strategy to train Miss Lockwood. And mind your tongue about her she ain't, no cupcake, believe me I've seen the wild streak in her, and to that name hold it there before Boss puts a hole in your tongue." Brandt said assertively.
"Fine so I need to play nurse for the knocked up cupcake and Othello gets to do all action. Huh. Anyways I'll carry on but how about a match in the evening?" Jenin asked with wickedness in his words.
"You're on Bitch." Brandt said.
I cleared my throat to let them know I'm present and with that they turned towards me. Five men all dressed in business attire peered through me.
"Good morning" I greeted everyone.
"Good morning Miss Lockwood." Brandt replied. "Let me introduce you to everyone."
"Ok." I nodded.
"You know Jenin." He said pointing towards my big-headed bodyguard. 'Wait for a few minutes till I burst your ass' I gave him a tight smile.
"This is Othello" he pointed towards a dark blonde haired guy slightly shorter than all.
"Hello. I'm Ot to say Hello. My name says it... I know bad joke. I try it all the time but no girl ever flinches by a millimetre." he smiled.
"Because that's a fucking lame joke OThelloooo –." Jenin blurted out.
"That's Marcino, but we call him Marco." Brandt pointed towards a brown haired guy with pierced eyebrow. He had a pinky finger missing from his left palm.
"And this is Robert." A well-built guy with a dagger tattoo on his arm.
"Hey." He simply nodded.
"You can call him Bunny." Othello butted in that earned him a stone stare from Robert.
"Othello you just asked for you death." Robert said in low tone.
"Come on bunny... I mean buddy I was making cherry comfortable around you. You look like freaking Hulk with the intentions of Godzilla." With that we all laughed out loud.
"Well you all can call me Catherine or Cathy."
"Now all of you back to job." Brandt ordered. Looking towards me he said, "Jenin will take you for your training." I nodded.
We left the front and walked down for twenty minutes in silence and landed near another house. Not as huge as where we stayed but a slightly small. On entering there were more men hanging out, some working in the gym, some practicing with knives and some polishing their guns. I swallowed a thick lump.
Men were staring at me as if I was a piece of meat. There were hush tones all over the room. They eyed every part of me like hawks looking down at their newest prey, trying to browbeat it. I had seen these things back from where I belonged, girls scared to their death and the bullies trying to be the ultimate tormentors to get what they want.
'But I am not some ordinary creature that can be tormented you fools' I smirked inwardly.
I refused to throw my head down like the other females who'd done it for years. I looked straight into every man's eye and looked around for every possible thing present in the scene.
'Why do they have so many guns and knives?'
'It's like fucking war training just like back in Greece.'
'Why does he require so much security? Should I ask this arrogant shit? Well I'll find out eventually.'
"This way Miss Lockwood." He said curtly, breaking my nexus of thoughts.
We entered into a large room where there were four long wooden desks placed at one corner. The other had shooting panel setup with gears. Long thick twisted ropes hanging from the ceiling. It was like a mini combat training room.
We walked towards the desks and I felt my eye go as wide as possibly they could.
"Holly shit" was all I could speak out.
There were rows and rows of different guns lined up on one desk. On another there were tactical knives with different shapes and sizes. On another there were baseball bats and hockey sticks and with grandees and on last there were machine guns and snipers. It seemed as though I landed myself in midst of the greatest arms deal. I felt like I was in Iraq where the Boss is giving me the option to choose the weapon of death.
"Why are there so many weapons?" I asked quizzically to him.
"For you to train. What else?" He replied
"With that?" I aimed at the machine guns and snipers, giving him a raised brow face.
"Yes. Now let me show you and explain some of these, though I know how difficult it will be for you to understand when your head is full of vogue magazine." I felt anger rising up in me. I felt like ripping his head off. I tried to calm myself
"This here is a CZ PO7." He held a pistol in his hand.
"It has reversible safety and decocker. New trigger shape provides more shooting comfort. Overall length is 7.3 inches and barrel length being 3.8 inches. Polymer grip frame with a capacity of twelve plus one round of .40 ammo."
It looked at the beauty it was good but not my type. He quickly put that down and went to another one.
"This one here is called Glock 41." He held it in his left hand and took another one in his right. "And this baby is Remington R1 Cammando Carry. Glock 41 has modular backstrap with dual coil spring assembly. 27 ounces with an empty magazine so pretty light huh? Has a capacity for thirteen plus one round."
He puts the Glock down and raises Remington." This one here is a 9mm pistol single action semi automatic that offers seven plus one cartridge capacity." He placed his guns down. I felt all this boring as I already knew each and every weapon out here.
"But again you don't understand a shit of what I just said. Am I right?" I looked straight at him wanting to smash that pretty head into the desk.
"Do you even know the difference between a 9mm and a 6mm? or between a pistol and a revolver? Fuck I'm stuck with a candy."
'Candy really. I'll show you what this candy can do?'
I picked up a Walther P22 from the table and by its weight I knew it was loaded. I took it and aimed a few inches away from his shoes and fired.
"What the fuck. Are you crazy woman? You could have shot me." he looked surprised and furious at the same time.
'Awww... now you see me as a woman huh? Not the Boss' candy?' I smirked inwardly.
"Pstk..Pstk.. Come on now don't be such an old codger. This beauty here is Walther P22 one of the safest, German made semi automatic pistol. It's a rim fire rendition of famous Walther P99." I pointed it on his head. "Scared are we?" I left a small chuckled sound out and pulled the gun away from him.
"It has a polymer frame with zinc alloy sides. The barrel, spring coil extractor and ejectors are made of steel, its magazine is made of stainless steel and it has ambidextrous release that is located at the bottom rear of trigger guard." I pulled out the magazine to show him my skills. "Lastly, barrel length of 3.4 inches or a variant with 5 inches. Ten round detachable box magazine." I reloaded the magazine and fired again this time aiming a tin can placed at one far end just to the right of his head making it jump from its place along with him.
His face was smudged with the expression of shock.
"Well I guess you are rendered speechless at the moment so how about I take over the tour." I eyed him sliding my brow up.
He simply nodded adjusting his shocked expression to one of knowing.
"Now this one here is a Smith and Wesson model 66 with six round capacity and that one –." I walked towards the other side eyeing the gun I was trained the last time. "Is Pietro Beretta Compact with short barrel ten to thirteen round top and the other version 8 rounds top."
"Ok. So you know your guns I'm glad I don't have to go through the torture to train a woman." He said with a smirk
"Ahhh, now that where you're wrong Jenin. I know most of these." I smirked seeing colour drain his face slowly.
I went to the other table and picked a knife and held it with firm grip then I turned pointing it towards him, "Ontario Apache TAC – I, American, super light and very strong." I held it and targeted it to a wooden plank nearby and it successfully pierced through the target.
I looked at the other contents and I looked at the most commonly used assault weapon, I lifted it and neared him. I dangled the object by its handle in front of him just to trample his ego. "This silly thing which people usually misjudge is an ice prick. I call it 5 inches executioner. Easily concealed in stilettoes or as a hair stick but harsh when contacted with." I smirked remembering a part of my training when I usually use to hide it in my heels to cheat and have an upper hand on the trainer. I shook those thoughts and returned back. I walked away knowing by now that he wasn't comfortable me knowing so much and he eyed me with suspicion.
'So now that he doubts me to be an assassin why don't we just end the game....huh'
"Now I'm sure you know a baseball bat, explosives and this Tommy gun and the snipers. Or do you want me to elaborate more in details?" I snapped at him.
"I just wonder why you know all these. I mean a woman like you who seems so timid and helpless; I just don't see any connections of you with these beauties out here." He spoke nonchalantly.
"Well that's not for you to know but remember one thing that some candies just don't make you suck; sometimes they suck the fucking shit out of you. So next time, you better watch when you call someone candy especially me."
He looked expressionless but for a faint moment there was a vague expression one that of respect. Respect of knowing the art of weapons and respect for preserving my self-respect.
"Ok fine Miss Lockwood, I'll keep that in mind." He moved near me.
"You can call me Catherine." I stated brightly when I saw a gun in his belt concealed. I pointed towards the gun, "Hey is that a Beretta, Centennial 92? It's a fucking limited edition. Only five hundred or so were made."
He chuckled nodding and taking the gun out.
"Yep you're right on spot, Trigger." I looked questioningly.
"You're an excellent marksperson so I thought I'd rather call you Trigger. Only if it's fine by you?" He enquired giving me the gun.
"That's fine by me; as it is a name given out of respect. So I accept the name. Than –."
Someone behind us cleared his throat making us feel his presence we turned to find an expressionless Valentiniau staring at us alongside with a feared Brandt. He came forward and surpassed us towards the table. He picked up a gun and walked towards us. Holding a Beretta and viewing it he asked, "Getting comfortable with each other, are we?" he looked at me anger visible in his eyes. They had turned dark and callousness dripping through them. He turned his gaze to Jenin. "Trigger?" he questioned.
Brandt walked up to us to calm the situation but before he could start.
"You know better how to talk with the Boss' girlfriend? Now leave us." He turned to face me.
'Ooh ooo.... Now it's time for you to bear the wrath.' My inner self sneered.
As Jenin started to walk, Valentiniau turned back, "And you better not call my girl candy or any other food merchandise." He smirked at him.
Jenin nodded with a slight chuckle.
I never did understand their relationship. It was like they fight and go jealous and make up again.
I looked him straight up whilst Jenin and Brandt walked out leaving us alone. As soon as the door shut I spoke, "You didn't need to be such an ass to him. He was but trying to ease out, be friendly."
He stared and started taking steps towards me, making me push backwards till my body touched the table. He paused looking me from my face down my neck back up with his gaze lingered a little more on my lips, finally looking back at me. He brought the tip of the barrel next to my lip and skimmed it across my lips. The cold metal of the gun and his scent mixed, sent a shiver down in my body making each and every nerve jump in to salsa. He licked his upper lip and still continuing to skim the tip on my lips and then down my neck and back up. He tilted towards my left and whispered, "This mouth of yours needs serious taming. You know what fiorella mia, I can imagine many ways to do it, but the one I long to do, I assure you while it might not be so much pleasurable for you it will definitely be for me." and he crashed down his lips to mine holding be by my waist and the other hand with gun supporting my head. He lift his lips to grasp air and muffled softly, "What's mine stays mine." He sealed our lips again claiming it softly this time, taking his time to memorize the curve, the taste and feel of it.
He pulled back and straightened himself, whereas I was jellied. It was frustrating to notice how my body reacted to his arrogance and claiming. He pulled away a lock of strand from my face and tucked it behind my ear and stepped back.
"So you want to tell me how you know so much about these weapons or you're still gonna play hide and seek?" his question jolted me back.
'Shit he heard it. Don't panic you were going to tell him anyways so just do it.' My heart beat maxed up.
'Will he believe me? What if he doesn't want me after he knows who I am?'
"What do you even mean by that? I don't know what you're trying to extract?" I replied trying to hide the fear.
"Catherine you need to get the shit out in open. I mean first you screamed in the night about a girl named Caitlin, who I have never heard of. Second you swear to the code of silence just few minutes after screaming your guts out for her, who the fuck is she? And third you put all my good men to shame by not only knowing about all these weapons but you fucking handle a gun as though it's an extended part of your body and not an exterminator. So I suggest you better start talking quick before I make you." He leaned and sat over one of the tables pushing the knives aside.
"Okay. I will answer every question but on two conditions." I waited to gauge his reaction. He nodded for me to continue, his gun dangling in his hand between his legs. "One, once I tell you the who, the why, the what, the how and when I expect you to keep that information shut in an untraceable corner of your beautiful, cunning head." I walked towards the other table and sat myself shifting few guns. I look fearlessly right up to him.
"And two, I want all your shit out in open too with the same code of silence from me. I mean first you up and jump at the opportunity to marry your brother's unwanted pregnant girlfriend, second you have way more security and weapons loaded than any of your rival regular businessmen." I look at a Walther lying and take it in my hand.
'Who knows he might just kill me after knowing the truth. Better save my ass than sorry.
"And third your men call you the Boss of death. I mean who calls someone a Boss of death without a valid reason, so who the fuck are you? Really."
"Fair enough I agree to these terms. Point well made. So now start."
I looked at him, his face was stone hard and he sat like a statue. No emotions shown and none would affect him. But his eyes spoke something about trust, about love, about fear of losing, but against all I wanted to break free of my bonds and so I looked at the floor to gain my semblance and uttered the most painful truth of my life.
"I am Catherine Nicolai Christakos, granddaughter of Demitris Christakos the Greek Mafia Boss." I tilted up to encounter with two stormy eyes filled with rage and hurt. But he didn't stop me so I continued. I kept a firm grip on my gun.
'Well there's a saying in mafia's you drop your candy you lose your cherry.'
"My grandfather usually has his alliance in Italy, Russia, India and States. His major business is of marijuana and weapons and also deals with other drugs and girls. He is a shipping magnet, owning the Christakos shipping company and usually supplies drugs and guns and girls to India and Russia. He has his partners there. To Italy he usually gives drugs and girls. My father Nicolai was the heir to his shipping empire and the Family after his studies were completed. Whilst he was in states studying, he fell in love with my mother and he didn't want to go back to that world of deceit and blood. So he ignored his father's summons but eventually he went back after eight months to meet my grandmother who was recovering from a heart attack. My grandfather held him there and he had two options to marry, the daughter of another mafia family. One to an ally in Italy, the Salvator's, with whom my grandfather has long standing business relations, by marring into their family my father could ride along with the Italian mob boss' son, and gain equal strength and footing in Italy. Or two to another Greek mafia family called the Lambros, another business associate, with whom if the bond was secured together they would be the strongest in Greece. My father agreed to marry the Italian mob boss' daughter." I glanced up to see him but only to know he stared right back at me. He nodded letting me know he followed and a sign for me to continue. I sighed and continued.
"One week before the marriage could take place my mother was flown down to Greece. They got married a day prior to his marriage with the mob boss' daughter, as my mother was pregnant. He took mom home but my grandfather did not accept their marriage. But on knowing that she was to bear the family yet another heir he accepted them and invited to stay and join the family only one condition that my father stepped up and took over. These actions ruined his business with the Italian boss and there has been animosity from then on. My father took over the empire, when we were born. By 'we' I mean my sister and I. Caitlin and I. We were twins. Though just a few minutes apart, she was my baby sister. We were trained from the age of twelve in martial arts to combat; from knives and baseball bats to guns and poisons. We were trained to be platinum assassins, because we were the heir to the mafia family. Caitlin was never interested to learn but did it anyways. I on the other wanted to be the best. I have trained with each of my grandfather's rank men. I was known as the 'Blinaim' after my ability to aim at sounds after being blind folded."
"On our birth my grandfather tried to stitch up the broken bonds with the Italian boss by promising my hand to his grandson on my nineteenth birthday. With this the relations in Italy were getting back to normal. When my father knew of this, he became furious for interfering in our lives and so he up and left the empire to my grandfather and we relocated to states when I was sixteen. My grandfather tried his very best to persuade his son, but I guess the stubborn genes run deep in our family. He didn't go back but promised to look over his business that was there with the others apart from the Italian boss. A year later, my dad was flying back from India, with one of his Indian partners; when their plane crashed. It was portrayed as a plane malfunctioning something to do with the tearing of planes left stabilizer. But we all know it was no malfunctioning it was a planned murder. He was killed. He was killed Valentiniau. He was kille –." I felt hot tears roll down my cheek. Memories of the past flashed themselves. The pain and anger returned with twice the intensity. I vacuumed into the past like the present was an illusion and that the past was all I was left with. I felt strong hands grasp my shoulder but I didn't need to look as I was familiar with his touch, his scent. He pulled me down with him to the floor making me sit on his lap and pulling my head to his chest.
"Sshhh.....hush now. It's all over. I'm with you, no matter what. Come you need not say anymore. Come on now don't cry love." He muttered soothing words. I rested my head and let myself drain. He patted my head and alternately soothed my hair.
"No I want to say it. Please."
"Ok."
"The rumours in the mafia world were that the Salvator boss was the one behind my father's death as he had found out about us being detached from the family and sworn on omertà. This made him look like a fool for the second time to trust my grandfather for relations as I was flown to state and was not under his wings. So he didn't see the agreement being full filled, and the only way to take revenge for making a fool of him was to kill my father and prove his name. After his death and funeral we were devastated. Mom was under depression. She would hardly talk or eat or do any work. My sister and I, we tried to cheer her up. My grandfather had offered us to come back home, to Greece, but my mother refused accusing him for my father's death. He didn't leave him alone when we came to states he dragged him in the business, and for that my mother never forgave him. I was not as bitterly towards him until he asked Caitlin to come back in exchange of the revenge he would give her for our father's death. He had given the same option to me, but I had refused to enter into that shit again. But Caitlin was strong and intelligent, but naïve. She fell for his honey trap. My grandfather would have taken his revenge with or without one of us going back, as he had a personal vendetta. I tried to reason out with her, to stop her from entering the hell hole but she was determined. It's not every day you can walk out with an Omertà from a Mafia house. I didn't want Caitlin to go back to the very place and thing we had run from – Death trap. She flew back to Greece leaving mom and me alone. I changed my identity to Catherine Lockwood after my mother's maiden name and continued to study and earn. I requested Caitlin to help us wipe of the records from past names and lives from the states. Since she was back in the bandwagon my grandfather agreed to it and helped us set a new life with new name. Caitlin was the underboss for one year. She learnt everything about the business, the enemies and the partners. She had satisfied my grandfather by proving her loyalty and worth by expanding the business to Spain but she still burned with the fire of vengeance. She always kept in contact with me. Mother never spoke to her once she selected her path of destruction. Finally after one and half year Caitlin got her chance. She was tipped by her informers that Salvator was in Spain to discuss business. She thought that this was her chance and she went to Spain to take her revenge only..... to meet her death. The Salvator is a powerful man and he knew of her coming, as there was a traitor amidst the men. She was trapped and was killed ruthlessly. She was handled like a rag doll by him after they took her back to Italy with them. I know that she fought with all her strength against that man but she was only successful to scar his ugly face over his left eye and break a finger. Later after she attacked him she was kept in  a room and beaten and raped by the other members. When she gave out no information she was killed and her tattered body was sent back home with a note. I remember that note well because I have read it, and no human can possibly be so cruel but again we who are born in this aren't human at all, maybe when born but eventually we become the animals that respond to one calling."
"The note said that:
My friend Demitris Christakos,
It is with utmost sorrow that I am sending back your granddaughters body as whole. I would have personally broken each limb and sent it but for my loving son who was charmed by her fierceness that stopped me to do so. To say that you did harbor a truly wonderful whore who made her way down to each rank in my empire was a credulous. She fought with courage, but alas! What can I say we are men after all. Thank you for this beautiful gift you flung on our way.
Please accept the body as our token of appreciation, and remember her sight for this is what happens when you dishonor an agreement made to the S family.
Yours
U.S
She was killed ruthlessly Val...and for this I will never forgive him and the others." I cried and I felt soreness in my heart and dizziness in my head. Valentiniau was holding me tight to him rubbing my back. I rubbed the back of my hand on my nose and continued.
"My father died out of duty and Caitlin died out of vengeance and I had no plans of dying soon, as I had mom to look after. I didn't tell my mom about the way she died but only that she died in crossfire. So after her burial when my grandfather approached me I denied him one thing that he desperately needed – heir to his empire. Since then he has kept tabs on me and tried to convince me to come back. After mother died four years back I have been on my own and have refused to go back on each given persuasion and opportunity. By now he must have known that I am engaged to you and will try to look for us. I don't want the empire to dissolve but I don't want to go back just for revenge for which is the prime reason he wants me back. Caitlin was never his first choice. He always wanted me for two reasons. One, that I was the older one. Two, that I was calmer and tactful than Caitlin as I knew most of the business and its working."
I paused to breathe freely.
"I used to discuss with my father about the business and he used to gladly teach me strategies. I was training under him whereas Caitlin liked music and theatre like my mom. So it kills me to remember that she died not out of passion for her work but rather for the vengeance and vendetta of some old haggard bastard."
I felt his hands rubbing over my cheeks clearing the tear paths. I looked towards him from under his chin and met the chaste pair of eyes that flickered with concern.
"Hush now.... You need not worry. I am here Catherine. I cannot promise that I won't take matters in my hand to keep you and our child safe or that I might not fight your grandfather; but I can promise you one thing that I will always keep you safe no matter what it costs."
"You don't know him. He is the most stubborn man, who will get what he wants, no matter what the consequences. I have lost everything that was dear to my life but I will not lose you."
He furrowed his brow, cupping my cheeks he said,
"Catherine I am here and will go nowhere. I have not fought you to be with me just to let you go away. It's not easy for anyone to take me down, and now no one will take you away. Now that I know the real you, your real identity, I will protect you. You are under my protection and remember that no boss can equal my strength and stubbornness. I had asked you to gamble your trust one last time on me, and I'm happy you did. So now sit back and let your gamble bait do the needful. "
His words were like, a promise that, I had no one give me when I had needed it. I hugged him and then tried standing up. He pulled himself up and stood next to me. My back to his chest, his arms around my waist, his head tucked under the side of my neck resting over my shoulder.
'But how can he match up to the mafia boss'.'
'He has money and power but he is no mafia to fight them. He will be crushed along with me. I cannot let that happen.'
I went stiff with my thoughts.
"No Catherine don't. I know what you're thinking. But you don't know much about me or my business. You have known me superficially as I had known you. I am not what you think. I am not that straight forward business man. I have my flaws, flaws that help me to be who I am and what I have today. Flaws that keep me safe and will keep you safe. I can't lose you for after a very long time I have found a reason to feel. To feel human, to feel love and be loved, reason to be a better man. And you are that reason and I will not allow your insecurities or any other prick take away the very reason of my life from me. I love you Catherine for you are the reason and only you will be the death of me."
'He loves me?' I turned around a look of shock plastered on his face.
"Y...you love me?" I asked stuttering.
"Yes Catherine. I love you. Hell I liked you from the time you joined the company. I was whipped by your looks, by your intelligence and by your caring heart."
"Then why were you so insensitive towards me. Is this your way to show you love? If so you have a funny way of showing it Mr. Visconti." I pushed my shoulder back to jerk his face.
"I tried to avoid you and get my head out of it. I tried being away but that didn't work. I tried to bed different girls every other night, but your face would haunt me. So finally I started being rude and arrogant which made you spiteful towards me. That way I knew you were safe from me and my desires. I knew that I would break you if I came near you. I wanted to protect you from me and my life. I was in agony when I knew about your relation to Marcus. I wanted to destroy him." He confessed. I turned around to face him. He tightened his grip on my waist.
"So all this time you have loved me but you stayed away to protect me?" I questioned him trying to search an answer in his eyes.
He nodded but didn't look towards me.
"Protect me from what?" I pushed away from him creating distance. He looked up, those puppy eyes begging me to come back near him, in his arms. I looked away trying to focus on my questions.
'I need to know what is going on. First someone shoots at the gala and then his fathers poisoned to death. The men and weapons. Why? I have to know.'
"Tell me. You wanted to protect me from what? And now that I'm in your life, will I not be protected. What are you hiding val? Why do you have so many men at your disposal? Why are there so many weapons? Why? Do you have answers to that?" I through my arms around, pointing towards the tables and weapons, with a questioning look.
"I love you and so I told you all there is to know of my pathetic life. I want to know about you, your life, and your family. I want you to trust me with your life and love me with a clear conscious and heart. I know revealing about who I am, was difficult for me and hard for you to take in, but can't you at least try and trust me. As I gambled my trust, can't you do the same, for once? Can you do that? I need to know for what I have signed up." I starred right into his eyes. He never left mine.
"Please Valentiniau I need to know. Please." I walked towards him and cupped his face in my palms. I wanted to kiss him at that moment. He looked vulnerable like a lost kid, his eyes searching for answers below. He pulled me into his arms and looked at me. His eyes seemed to search for assurance and I did give him. I placed my lips to his and muttered slightly while pulling back.
"Please"
He sighed and said straightening up.
"Catherine, my name is Valentiniau Luca Lorenzi Visconti, the Boss of the entire three mafia organization in Italy." He said each word with precision and pride without an ounce of riddance. I felt my heart skip a beat. I felt numbness take over me.
Chapter 9
Remember the time when people say - 'I'm trapped in it or it's a mind trap' I could just punch them in their faces. Being trapped in a toilet, or a stupid fight, if that is scary; then I'm in a freaking trap that's petrifying.
'I ran away from one mafia trap to fall into the arms of other. It's like I fucking run senseless from a road of ruins into the arms of the Satan. Life gotta better be joking with me.'
'This arrogant chauvinist tempter who I love and who claims to love me is a mafia boss. Duh! He just said that out loud... I'm so dead.'
'But how can he be? It was Salvator's who were in this.'
His words came rushing to me, 'There will be no merger of Visconti's and the Salvator's' 'I was, I am and I will be carte blanch for the Visconti empire. I hope I have made myself crystal clear.'
'So he's the boss.... Shit he is the Boss. What have I landed myself in? Or rather landed myself with - Denizen of Hell?'
I shut my eyes envisaging my sentences, my each word said; and those I want to say. I squeeze my eyes open and find him staring at me with amusement flickering in his eyes and lips curled at one end.
"So you're like the Boss.... Umm... I .. I mean like the..." I was cut by him.
"Let me explain this calmly and clearly." I nodded with eyes wide open, still trying to take in the information slapped onto my face.
"I am not like the Boss or an underboss. I am the Boss. I was, am; and will be the Boss. I am the Boss of the Boss' Am I clear?" He said with such intimidating power and a smirk.
I simply nodded.
"Clear?" he questioned again waiting for my reply.
"Crystal." I managed to reply.
"So now I'm sure you are itching to know about me...right?" he pulled me nearby grabbing my top. I walked towards him inches apart. I could feel his heart drumming fast; his breath rapid and deep in a room of deafening silence. His eyes locked at mine. Our eyes as though communicating, conveying thoughts; thoughts of need; carnal desire; fear; safety; but most of all the thought of trust. Questions lingering of whether I'd trust him knowing he was one of them, knowing he has the power to destroy me. I need him to show me that I can trust him that he wouldn't hurt me or alter me to a point where I turn to a stone.
I glare downwards breaking the contact and see him gulp a bulge down. He licks his upper lip and slides down the lower and bites the edge of his lip. He places his index finger below my chin and tilts it up once again looking at me.
"May I?" he pleads in a whisper but with authority of ownership.
I simply part my lips and close my eyes in response. I feel his soft lips skim over mine. His hands slowly travelling to my nape pushing me deep into him. My hands traveled towards his back under his embrace to hold his shoulders. His tongue moving along the edge of my lower lip, making its way in, he slightly nibbled my lip between his teeth making me sigh. I felt his tongue thrust in and we were locked as a brazed joint. There was no escape. There was no fear. There was no time as it seemed to have stopped. There was only He and I, bared to one another in the essences of our trust.
His hands slowly skimmed downwards near my waist gently making its way upwards. I pulled my hands out to reach for his hair at the back of his neck. Their feel was soft and silky. He gently took one of my breasts in his palm giving it a gentle squeeze and pinched at the peak.
"Arghhh.." I open my eyes and pull away grasping for air and to drink in the sensation playing wild violins in my chest. His finger, still circling around my peak; sending a wave of shudder in me. He swiftly moves his hand down and grabs me below my buns and lifts me. I cling on to his waist and he walks towards a table while pecking on my neck. Placing me down, he stands between my legs and leans forward crashing his lips to mine. My heart beats as though a beast banging against its cage. Our, breathe is rapid and warm. I can feel the humid warmth of his breath on my cheeks. His hand slips under my top to contact my bare stomach, finding it's way up to my breasts. His long elegant cold fingers; send ripples of shock through me, and other gripping my hair to stabilize my shuddering body.
'God it feels so good... please don't stop... please don't stop.'
He pinches another breast and draws circle around it simultaneously rubbing his manhood down in between my legs. I bring my fingers to his shirt unbuttoning from bottom - up, slowly exposing his taut muscles I could feel beneath my palms. I snake my hands back to his bare shoulders to grip myself.
"Ahem .... Ahemm." We immediately break apart at the sound of someone clearing their throat. He slowly slides his hands down out of my top and simultaneously I pull my hands back releasing him from the clutches of my leg. Looking at me he kisses my forehead making a soft grumble and turns on his spot without leaving the space between my legs.
I stretch myself to look above his shoulder and meet two sets of eyes staring at us with all wickedness.
"Fuck!" I mumbled slowly audible to Valentiniau only.
"Wow! I need to learn this new way of shooting from Boss. What say Jenin?"
Valentiniau gives an uninterested sigh and folds his arm.
"Brandt and Jenin it better be good reason for you guys barging in on me."
"Well Othello is back." Brandt replied.
"He's got some dirt from the pond. I say we check it and verify it." Jenin suggested.
"Ok. We meet in ten in my study." Valentiniau affirmed.
Both the guys nod and smirk with raising an eyebrow up.
"We'll be fine if you're late by five or ten. I mean we all know you like a job well done." Jenin winked and left with Brandt.
"Bastard." Valentiniau turns and blushes looking at me.
'Oh my God!! He can blush... huh ... unbelievable.'
"You can blush?" I tease him.
"Shut up and come on." He moves a little away shaking his head.
"How about we head back to the house? You get done with your shower and change and I'll finish the meeting and meet you for lunch in an hour at the back patio."
"Yeah. Sounds good." I flash him a wide grin and jump off the table and move passed him. He follows behind catching up to me. Slipping his fingers in mine he looks towards me and smiles. I sway my head smiling and we head towards our car.
We reached the house and took to our chores. I quickly showered and dressed in to a pair of shorts and loose t- shirt. It was difficult to reflect at what had transpired in these past few hours. I revealed my identity and unhooked the burden. I confessed my love only to know I fell for a mafia boss. I feel as though it's a day of revelations and judgement.
'I need to know about him more. Just can't let him say he's the boss and end the discussion there.'
My stomach may have other plans though. I am hungry so I leave the questionnaires and head to the kitchen to grab something to eat. I check the time I still have half an hour for lunch with him.
I see a girl helping an old lady in her chores who was cooking. They turn as soon as I enter the kitchen. 
"Hi Maria." I wave at her.
"Hello." Maria replied with a wide smile.
"Hello. I'm Catherine." I said looking at the old lady.
"Si. Hello I'm Abelie. I cook here in this home for many years. I hope you like what I cook. May I prepare something for you?" she asked with hopeful eyes.
"Si. I like your food a lot." I nodded. "Can I get a garlic toast with some orange juice please?"
Maria nods and goes over to the fridge to get me my juice while Abelie gives me some garlic toast. I ask them to join me while I have my bite and after much resistance they do.
"So what are you cooking today Abelie?"
"Oh. Today I cook some special as mia cucciolo, very happy. So I make him his favourite homemade Scialatielli pasta with shrimp and rocket, Spiced Riccota cheese and avocado salad. And for his sweet tooth I make Biancomangiare." Zeal and enthusiasm evident in her voice.
'Cucciolo.... Haha she calls him a freaking puppy... Well you're so gonna hate me Val, cucciolo.'
"How long have you been here with him?" I ask the old lady out of curiosity.
"I am here from the time before mia cucciolo was born. I had worked with his mother. Si Fransesca, mama mia she was very beautiful just like you, same dark hair and eyes." A tear rolls down her eyes.
"I'm sorry, you must be very close to her. So you know Valentiniau from his childhood?"
The thought of someone knowing him since he was a child was funny.
'I can ask her of Valentiniau's likes and dislikes and his past.'
"Si. I know him when he was in diapers...." And we laugh.
"So Abelie, tell me what he likes and dislikes. I mean I don't know much."
"Well cucciolo likes sweet things too much. He has a fridge in his room full of chocolates and sweet food. He likes clean. Everything clean and no dirty. He like dogs and scared of spiders." She speaks with ardor.
"He like music and play piano very nice but has stopped from after his mamma's death. He was a sweet and caring child. He is like noce di coco." I stare at her wondering what is 'noce did coco'. I mean I know Italian but not so well to know noce di coco.
"It means coconut fruit." Maria jumps in guessing my confusion.
"Ok."
"Very hard and act like stronzo from out but soft and caring from inside." She says pointing towards my chest.
"She meant he acts like an arrogant donkey from outside but he has a good heart." Maria translates. "Please don't tell him we say this. Please."
I laugh at Maria's choice of words.
"Ok I guess I'll talk later with you both and head out at patio. And I'm looking forward for the Biancomangiare. Take care." I said my goodbyes and head towards the back patio.
While walking towards the patio I meet Othello who just came out of Valentiniau's study room. He looks happy and carefree.
"Hey cherry... wassup. How was your training?"
"It was good."
"Yea... heard you smacked Jenin's ass at it." He giggles with me.
"Yea I sure did."
"So wanna know what do you call a pork that does karate?" he asks in all seriousness.
"Huh..." I was confused.
'Pork and karate.. Where did that come from?'
"It's called pork chops cherry..." he winks and chuckles, making me laugh and simultaneously Jenin and Brandt come along laughing as they hear his lame joke.
"That's the lamest joke ever brother. And haven't you heard the boss doesn't not want any of us using any food names for Miss Lockwood." Brandt chuckles. I narrow my eyes at the trio.
"Fine enough for a day. Now where is that thickhead of a boss of yours?" I question waving my hand.
"Hmmm. Interesting choice of words." Came the voice from side and we all knew we are in trouble. Everyone scurries away leaving us alone.
I stare at him for a few seconds trying to control my laughter, but finally I give in and burst out. The silence is overpowered by my echoes and he walks towards me narrowing his eyes with a devilish grin. I run out towards the patio and look back to find him run after me. He catches me midway from behind and swoops, me of the ground. We laugh together. The sound of his laugh is the most soothing sound I've heard, and he rarely laughs so we continue to dodge each other once he puts me down. Finally after being caught once more we head back to the patio with our fingers meshed with one another.
It feels good to hold his hand in spite of knowing his dangerous side. To see him happy and laughing and to be the one sharing it with, is beyond imagination. When we reach and everything was ready waiting for us to gobble up. I see his eyes shine at the food placed and he looks like a five year old kid that has got the world in his hand. We have our lunch pleasantly with few topics to discuss. I was waiting to see his reaction when the sweet would arrive. Finally when it did, he had the widest grin I'd ever been bestowed by him.
"You know this is my -." I cut him midway.
"Your favourite dish, Biancomangiare. I know it." I smile.
"So Abelie has revealed few of her stories to you huh?"
"Not many just handful of your likes and dislikes, cucciolooo." I say in a seductive voice.
"She didn't. I'm gonna kill that old woman." He shook his head.
"Awww... mia cucciolo don't be so angry..." I blink my eyes with a smug grin.
"You're so gonna pay for these tormenting love endearments." He hooks one of his eyebrows up, swinging the spoon in front of my face.
"We'll see about that cucciolo..." I giggle seeing the annoyed look on his face.
We finish our lunch and head back inside.
"Catherine lets go to my study room." Holding my hand he tugs me towards the path. I shrug.
On entering the room once again I observe the plush furniture and opulent texture of the room. I see a vintage wooden carved escritoire. I move towards it to feel the wood beneath my palm. It is smooth and leveled. I look towards my right and see a long cabinet with rows of books and on my left there was a huge portrait of a beautiful lady, but something about the portrait was off beat. I recognized the lady as his mother. But within the portrait I could see a shining stone on her finger. I walk towards the portrait when he comes in front of me zapping me out of my thoughts.
"Always so curious." He smirks and holds me by my shoulder asking me to follow him to the sofa near the portrait.
"Is that a real stone embedded in the portrait itself?" I question him still eyeing the huge frame that's hung on the wall next to us.
"You're always hungry for information, cara." He sits next to me looking at me with curiosity.
"Well I like to do my research well and I'm comfortable when I know my surroundings well." I simply shrug letting him know that it's usual for me to notice and question things.
"Okay my love, so I'm sure you're burning with curiosity and want to know everything about me. I'll tell you what you need to know and no more."
"But.." I pout as he presses a finger on my lips.
"I'm not done yet. Or you can figure everything for yourself, and that will take months or even a year."
"Fine." I cross my arms in front of me and pout staring at him.
'What choice do I have? Nothing, nil, it's a dead end. Just listen to what ever info he gives and try making sense of it.'
"So you know who I am. So that part is clear and sorted."
"Yes." I nod.
"To make it simple, there were four mafia families in the entire Italy. The Visconti, Lorenzi, Cavallaro and the Salvator." He stands up and walks around the sofa and halts in front of his mother's portrait. He digs his hand deeper into his pockets.
"Each family had their areas assigned so that there would be no blood drawn. The Visconti family was ruling of the entire south west region and the Lorenzi's controlled the north west parts. Whereas the Cavallaro's looked to the north east and Salvator's handled south east. Your grandfather dealt with the Salvator's as there is an easy access through them in and out of the Italy." He turns to look to look at me and then gets transfixed on the wall behind me.
"Since my father married my mother Visconti and Lorenzi family joined forces and worked together as my mother was the only heir. So my father controlled the entire west coast from north to south. This made the other two families weak. So Umberto Salvator who was the head decided to strengthen his position by accepting your grandfathers proposal. But fortunately the proposal was burnt when your father married your mother. After dejected from that, the Salvator's wanted no hindrance and so asked for a peaceful understanding of work amongst the three families. Well in truth he didn't want an outrun from my family over his and lose his power. You know saving his pathetic ass. The trio mafia families met and discussed the ground rules and assured no hindrance in one another's work. Everything was moving smoothly till I was five years old. My mother died in an accident and my father remarried after a year. He married Umberto Salvator's daughter Viola. Umberto agreed thinking he'd be gaining power over the other territories. But eventually this union made my father the strongest amongst the families. The Salvator family is still headed by Satino Salvator Viola's brother."
He walks towards me and cups my face.
"Since your father bolted from marrying Viola there was an understanding made between your grandfather and Umberto. You were to marry Donzel Salvator, Santino Salvator's son."
A shiver went down my spine. I was feeling cold and clammy. He moved his palms away from my face and held them into a fist. After a lot of hesitation he said, "And Marcus is engaged to Donzel's sister Andrea."
'Viola was to be my mother.'
'So I was to be Marcus' sister in law.' I dreaded with that thought.
"I was against anymore conjugal relations within the Salvator family but Viola always has a disgusting trick up her sleeves. She pushed Marcus towards Andrea so that her son could have power along with Donzel." He smashed at the side of the sofa.
"Viola wanted Marcus to take over the Visconti reign, but that will happen only if I am dead. Now that my father is dead she will want to test her dirty tricks but I won't allow that bitch to manipulate the situation. She has seen you at the funeral and so I'm warning you to be alert Catherine. She is vile and wicked. I loathe her very existence. I have only not killed her because of Elisa my step sister, Marcus' twin. She has a hideous plan to get Elisa marry Raoul for her to have power over all three families in some way. "
"So all this is just politics for power." I questioned him.
"Just politics? Catherine you have no clue what this means. If I amknocked down, Marcus will be the head and Donzel will chew him to bones, andafter he is done with him, the Salvator's become the strongest or by Donzelmarrying Elena Cavallaro Raoul's sister and together they will ruin thestability in the underworld. Every world good or bad, big or small has itsnorms and boundaries; and when you step over the boundary line you trigger aseries of apocalypse which I will not allow. I will not allow the Salvator's tohave an alliance with Cavallaro and nor will I allow Donzel to overpowerMarcus." He thundered each word. His eyes turned into flash of thunderstorm anddevious to look in. his face stone hard as though sculpted from one.
"So you think that you alone can stop their alliances. Do you know the amount of power you need to do that? The amount of alliances you need to make and favors to the other mafia boss'." I tried reasoning out to him and he shook his head in response.
"Pstk...pstk...pstk.. Cara, you're very intelligent and quick but a little naive when it comes to me. You misjudge me and my position. At the moment you are staring at the most powerful man in the Italian netherworld. I already have my alliances in India, Spain and Russia. On a single call the entire eastern coast businesses will be blocked, deals will blow up, money will be gridlocked, peace will be wrecked, families will shattered and there will be dispute and battle of survival amongst the others; others apparently being the ones related in this game supporting my nemesis. So it is not 'just politics' it is a feud of fatal alliances." He said icily with arrogance dripping from his face. Even in his arrogant state he looked every bit tempting and delicious. I licked my upper lip.
'I am staring at the most dangerous predator and what more I find my predator sexy enough to plunge into a bed with him. God I must be crazy.'
"So now what? What are we going to do?" I demanded.
I quirked an eyebrow at him.
"We?" he laughed sarcastically.
"We do nothing Catherine. I do and you follow my lead. Since we are getting married by end of this month I want you to come with me to my family house in Italy. You will officially meet Viola and other members including Marcus, Elisa and few Salvator's. I expect no emotions when you meet them Catherine or they will know your truth. I want you to be armed at all times and keep my assigned men close. They are the only ones I trust. I hope you will comply in this cara, or else I'll have to make you. Whichever way it is, you will comply. So it's your choice." He walked towards me and plunged next to me and bends to come close to my ear.
"Don't make me Catherine." He said in soft whisper. His warm breath teasing the skin of my ear and face. "I won't be able to control each time. Do not test my resistance, you make me weak."
"I am not the one whose testing resistance of any sort." I replied words barely leaving my mouth.
"So Brandt is the underboss?" I asked curiously.
"Yes. I trust him completely." He replied.
"And Jenin?"
"He's my consigliere. His abilities are undisputed."
"Why won't you let Marcus help you run the family?" I asked.
Silence.
"Why does Viola want you knocked out? Doesn't she know that by removing you she is also threatening Marcus' life?"
Silence, pin drop silence. He had no reactions, no expressions just an emotionless mask.
Heat rose to my cheeks. I could feel frustration each time he didn't answer.
"Why aren't we staying in your family house?"
"Why aren't you answering any of my questions? You haven't told me the entire thing. I know this is not everything. There is so much more to all of this." I scream aloud standing up and pacing around.
"You claim you love me, then why are you hiding thing? Why are you guarded? Why do you act cold and callously towards me? You're always been bitter and insensitive towards me. Is this what you call love. You sure have some twisted way of expressing it." I went near the window and supported my head at its pane. Hot tears rolling down my face and I felt cold and shivery.
I felt a pair of hand hold my shoulder and turn me. I was face pressed into a muscled mesh. Hard enough to support but warm enough to soothes my aching heart. He placed soft kisses over my head, rocking me from side to side. Cupping my face he wiped the tears off.
"I'm quite only to protect you love. If you know more than this your life may be in danger, and I cannot lose you when I have just found you. I'm only harsh because I don't want you to get attached to me and then feel hurt. I'm not a very nice man cara. I will only hurt you later and for that I cannot let you feel or come near to me."
I shook my head in his hands.
"You may say what you want but I know it that you have a pure kind and generous heart." I placed my hand on his chest. I could feel the warmth of his skin.
"I know and have had confirmed from people that I have no heart there. It's just a tricky muscle keeping my devious brain alive."
"I guess we should agree to disagree at this. You have a caring heart and those people who have confirmed for against it are just fucking bunch of incompetent worthless assholes."
"My... My ... what a remarkable choice of words cara. What am I to do with you? You make me break my guard and make me weak. You make me inadequate of making any sound decisions. After knowing who I am, how can you still love me? How can you feel those emotions towards me?"
"I do because I can, and I do because I know that you are my dark prince in white shining armor. So to answer your question, what are you to do with me; I'd say just love me." I stretched myself on toes and kissed him. He pulled back a little, resting his forehead on mine and muffled, "I love you Catherine Nicolai Christakos."
We were locked in a timeless embrace. Our tongue's dancing at slow sensuous beat. We pulled apart for few seconds to breath and his hands traveled down south simultaneously pulling me to walk towards him.
"I'm sorry." Finally we stopped and he turned us and picked me up to place me on the desk. He spread my legs to accommodate himself in between. His fingers making contact with my navel and drawing circles around it, making me gasp.
"Sorry?" I pulled away and breathed out in gasps. His long fingers traced their way up cupping my left breast.
"For being an asshole. If I hurt -." He replied looking at my stomach.
I realized it was pertaining to him being harsh and inconsiderate in the past few weeks.
"No you don't have to." I assured him. "I'm sorry to judge you and also for being a pain all the time." He shook his head and kissed me sealing my lips. He squeezed my left breast and I moaned under his kisses.
"You don't..." before he could say another word the door opened up jolting us out and straightening ourselves.
"Seems like you two are getting along after all. Finally the mafia meets his match." Brandt stood at the door with a smirk smile towards us.
"I should really start locking the doors when I'm with you." I heard Valentiniau mutter in an annoyed tone under his breath.
I blush behind Valentiniau, trying to hide the embarrassment.
"Hi Catherine." Brandt smiles.
"Hi Brandt. How are you?" I reply with a smile.
"Oh I'm very much fine and by what I see that fellow near your right is ecstatic from his looks and you look like someone has just given you your favorite teddy back." Brandt sniggered.
"Well what can I say I did lose one when I was young, and from what I remembered I named him Cuchi poo..." I glanced at Valentiniau and Brandt chuckled along with me.
"I guess we should resume work rather than play tête-à-tête." Valentiniau eyed Brandt and then looked at me. His jaw muscles tight and teeth gnashing to retrain his disappointment.
"Sure we should get back to work Cuchi poo." Brandt's word made us chortle and Valentiniau could no longer be angry and gave in.
The door once again opened viewing Jenin.
"Why are you guys laughing like a bunch of school girls?"
"Well Catherine just christened our Boss with a new name." Brandt replied between his laughter.
"I wonder what that would be." Jenin rubbed his fingers on the side of his jaw. "Ummm... let me guess Sticky like for stick up his ass or Flippy?" Jenin smirked enacting a stick up the ass action.
We all had a look of confusion.
"Come on guys Flippy as for his temper fucking flips any time."
Valentiniau was throwing daggers at Jenin for his snide remark.
"Nah... this one's even better. She named him Cuchi poo after her lost teddy." The moment it was said all three of us stared at Valentiniau who looked as though blood had drained down south leaving him pale. His face revealed shock as though he was caught off guard and it didn't help us supress our laughter.
He looked at us and then finally gave an uninterested smile and said, "I hope you guys are amused now get back to work, and why the heck are you here?"
"The.." Jenin looked at me and then towards Valentiniau.
"One second." He came near me held my arm and asked me to walk with him. I looked surprised. He walked me out of his study till my room.
I was hurt. Hurt for he still didn't trust me to let me know.
'He doesn't trust me. He will never tell me the whole truth.'
As if he could read my mind he pulled me towards him and cupped my face.
"Catherine. I told you that I trust you. It's just that if you know more you enter deeper into this shit and once you're in this shit no amount of shower will make the stench go. I'm just trying to protect what's mine. Please. Please try and understand." He assured me by kissing me on my forehead.
'How can he read me so well? It's frustrating.'
I nodded and let him go.
'What is so dangerous that he wants to protect me? Arrghh... I need to know. This is eating me.'
'What if I sneak to his study room and listen to whatever I can.'
'Yeah as though you'd be able to stand out, and listen to stuff, like in movies. Huh!' my inner self shouted.
I was flustered with the fact that just a few doors to my left was some important words are being spoken and I don't get to hear or know a shit about it.
After ten minutes of uselessly arguing I thought of touring the house as I had yet to see the other rooms. I left my room and went out to look at other places. I opened few doors to check the other guest rooms. After going through almost five doors I opened the door and entered a large room with colour variations of grey, black and white. It looked classy and the bed was huge in the centre. I went in and looked around. At the side dressing table was a jacket and bottle of cologne from Clive Christian. I picked it, spraying some on my wrist and inhaling the scent. I immediately knew this was his scent and his room. His room had a vague fragrance a mixture of cologne and sandalwood. I look around and see a statue of the Greek deity. When I went closer it had inscription on the bottom as - Apate, the personification of deceit. I went ahead to lift it but it was fixed to the slab projecting from the wall. I tried once again and suddenly I jerked it to the right and a door slide opened from my left. I looked at the open wall and saw darkness within.
'A secret passage.... Hmmm.. So apt Mr. Visconti, the statue of deceit leading through the walls of deceit.' I nodded my head in agreement to my thoughts.
'Is this his hide out or an escape route? Or is this his arms room?'
I was terrified, but decided to go anyways. I entered the dark alley trudging along the walls by moving my hands on the side of the wall. I felt a button and I flicked in down and the walk way was illuminated throughout its path. I walked along the path and a few meters ahead heard voices in muffled tones. I walked towards the sound and as I walked towards it, the louder they got.
"You have to make a choice Val. We can't just wait for them to attack. According to Jenin's Intel they are planning to shit our faces. " I heard and from the gruffness I knew it was Brandt.
"How much time do we have?" I heard Valentiniau question.
"Not much it may happen within a week. I'd say max up to Sunday. They will wait till weekend." Jenin replied.
"When is the next shipment coming in?" Valentiniau asked.
"It's coming in on Friday. Why?" Brandt asked
"If our shipment is coming on Friday, they will try attacking on that day to have a dual benefit." Valentiniau replied.
After a long pause he continued.
"If we will be busy with the shipment, they will have a clear way towards Catherine. They will guess that she will be unprotected."
"Ok" Jenin said.
"So now we will divide ourselves. Brandt you will look after the shipment, and I will be at my apartment. Jenin you and Catherine will go and stay at the family house. They will not guess that I'd keep her there with the entire family of wolves. So they will attack my apartment and the shipment."
"But that's risky Val. I can't allow you to do that. If they find you unprotected they will take you to Donzel, and I don't need to remind you of your last prize fight." Brandt explained.
"I'll keep some men with me and rest will be with Jenin for back up and you. As for the part of killing me, I know he won't as I am the only one who knows get the money from the family partnership. So even if Donzel wanted to kill me he won't. But he will try taking Catherine to crack a deal for that money which I won't let it happen."
"Still we shouldn't underestimate them. Donzel knows why Catherine is here." Jenin said.
'Money? Family partnership? There is something revolving around it.'
'What does Donzel know?'
"I know that but that is not my concern at the moment. So it's set, I go wait in my apartment after introducing Catherine on Thursday, Brandt goes for shipment and you protect Catherine." He confirmed.
"What will you tell Catherine? She won't budge that easily." Brandt asked.
'Oh Brandt you know me well. No shit carrot top I ain't going nowhere till he blurts the truth out.'
"Yeah. Trigger won't give in easily. She is smart to be fooled." Jenin second in.
"Don't worry I'll tell her that I'm going with you for the shipment." He said.
"Ok. So when are we to go?" Brandt questioned.
"Tomorrow we will leave at four in eve." Valentiniau replied.
"OK. So now about the shipment." He asked.
I looked around and saw a steel vault that had a slightly opened door. I went ahead to open it and stood in the huge vault. I looked around and was awe struck at what I saw.
There were loads and loads of jewelry and packs of money. There was one more door but that opened from the side of the study room. I tried estimating the wall towards the vault.
'Yes... it's the wall with his mother's portrait. It had a real stone on her finger so that must be the entrance.'
I could hear muffled voices. I stepped out of the vault and while doing so I saw a locket, the same that Val's nonna had. I took it and opened to see Val's photo on one side but the other side was empty. I closed it and kept it back and left the vault. On returning back I heard the study room shut and so I hurried towards the exit. I quickly entered his room and brought the Apate statue back to it's normal position. I went towards the door and looked once again turning back to see if everything was back on its place and that the wall was shut. I saw the cologne bottle and once more sprayed it on my wrist and exited.
I walked to my room and lied on my bed thinking.
'What does Donzel know about me and why is Val hiding it?'
'What family money are they fighting over?'
'What is at stake?'
Thinking these things endlessly and having no answer is frustrating. I looked at the clock it beeped 5:23 pm, so I decided to take a swim at the beach to relax myself from the mindless questioning.
Chapter 10
The feel of warm sand beneath my feet made me calm. The waves kissing the shore and sparkling like champagne under the sun. I quickly got rid of my top and shorts and walked into the inviting waves. The warm water meeting my body left a soothing effect, taking my worries afar, and my senses tranquil. I swim for a long time when I find Val coming near walking through the waves shirtless.
'Why? Why in the hell would he do that? This is plain torture to see him like this all alpha male.'
'Bastard knows what it does to me. He wants to play. Fine two can play the game.'
I devour his toned body and doing so I see a line of tattoo carved on the sides, right and left chest. I swim near him and we meet midway to look at the tattoo more clearly.
On his right side was a tattoo of an eagle and on left that of a lion, in the centre over the leghth of his sternum a Greek alphabet omega?
'Why these tattoos? Maybe he went through a hippy stage. Are they of any significance to him?'
"Enjoying yourself?" he said dipping in the water.
"Yes. So done with your meeting?" I asked nonchalantly.
"Yes" he said and went beneath underwater emerging behind me.
"So earlier today we were intruded upon by those two assholes, but right now there is no one to disturb. So tell me cara, would you go out with me, like a date?" he said leaning close to my ear, his breath tracing down my lobe. His hands circling around my waist enabling him to hold me near him. Near enough for me to feel his instrument rub my backside.
I tried ignoring him. I knew he wanted me to respond.
"Ah well. Sure we can go out on date Mr. Visconti." I said that and leapt away from him, swimming far out of his hold. He swam and caught up pulling my body towards him. I splashed water but it was of no use. He pulled me into him and smashed his lips on mine. His lips pushed hard trying to make way for his tongue to push in. He gently tugs over my lower lip to open up. Our tongues dance at the rhythm of our flapping legs. We finally pull away and gasp for air. I eye him splitting my eye to a slit. He laugh out a loud chuckle and pecks over my cheek.
"You know better not to tease me Catherine. So Signora you have decided to go for dinner with a ravenous beast. You are brave, what if the beast decides to devour you instead." He said his hands travelling upwards to the string of my bikini. I slapped his arm and swam towards the shore. I quickly picked my clothes and got into them. He came along after devouring me and my actions.
"As for the beast gobbling me I wouldn't worry as I am fervently waiting to be devoured." I stared into those grey depths. I could see his pupil go wide with desire. His breathing heavy and the sight of his body wet, water droplets sliding down his chest and hair dripping made my already wet fanny to flip.
He came close to me but his attention diverted when he looked behind me. I turned to see Othello and Marco. We headed towards the house and he kissed me before parting.
"Be ready cara by seven thirty." Saying he left me to get ready.
"Ok. I will be." I said and hopped to my room. I couldn't contain my excitement.
'I am going on a date with Valentiniau Visconti. Whoooffff...' I look at my self in the mirror, "How's that bitch."
I quickly run a shower for myself and enjoy the warm water. I pull the towel and cover my body walking into the closet pondering what to wear. I pick out an emerald evening dress and paired it up with silver heels. I put on some makeup. By 7:20 I was ready and blushing. I felt like I was reliving the high school days, getting ready for the prom night. I sigh and nod my head when I hear a knock and within a split second see Val's magnificent body wrapped in classic grey and white attire.
'I could skip the meal and have you right here, right now.'
'Stop it Catherine you're gonna push him away with this sudden urge to ride his punk.'
"You look lovely tonight." He said with a smile show casing his bright white teeth.
"Only tonight? You hurt me." I teased him making a pouty face.
He walked towards me and cupped my face placing a kiss on my nose.
"You are the most beautiful creature I have set my beastly eyes upon." He said each word with a groan, a groan of need.
He pulled back and slid out a Walther with a strap case. He bent down and slowly glided my dress up exposing my thigh. His fingers warm against my skin and his lips tracing butterfly kisses making its way up.
"Aghhhh.... Don't start things you can't finish at the same moment." I heaved heavily mumbling the words in a gruff voice. He stared up at me his eyes wide and dark with desire. He secured the strap at my thigh and left the fabric of my dress to cover it. He took a look whether it concealed well.
"This will keep you safe, just in case." First thing we all learn while training is to how not to allow a gun to imprint. And right now I could see the way it has blended with my body not making any impressions.
He eyed my thighs for few more seconds and after being satisfied he pulled himself up reaching for his jacket the second time retrieving velvet box and opened it displaying a beautiful diamond bracelet.
"May I?" he held my hand and put it on me.
I looked closer and saw that its design was such that it had Valentiniau and Catherine; our names designed in it.
"It's beautiful. Thank you." I leaned in to kiss him.
"Not as beautiful as you my love." He took my hand and we left my room and the house.
I took us forty five minutes to reach the destination and we chatted a little on our way about food and drinks and our past encounters.
"We're here" Anto said.
Valentiniau came out and helped me out of the car. We were at a small anchorage where a yacht name Fransesca was waiting.
"Is this where we are going? You own a yacht? But again why am I surprised you could own a fucking country." I blurted out of anxiousness.
He just chuckled nodding his head and ushered me onto the yacht.
"No cara this is not the destination I have planned. This is just a medium of transport to get us where I want to take you." He held my hand tightening the grip.
We were offered two flutes of champagne and I happily took to ease my nerves. After about twenty minutes we anchored ourselves at the foot of a cave restaurant. It was located inside a cave well illuminated and the shimmering water at night gave it an enchanting ambiance.
We were placed at the best viewing table. He had booked the entire restaurant and we were the only two people here tonight. The moment was serene. The food was exquisite and the champagne was lovely to keep my edge on. We spoke about the routine work that was at New York and few hobbies and how life was for us in school and university different from others. We were open and free and had no fear. Almost, when the dinner was done Valentiniau's flute splintered to pieces. We immediately ducked below the table and started to crawl towards the bar counter. Suddenly few steps came up towards us. When I looked up we were surrounded by five men with guns pointing on our heads.
'What do I do? If I make a move now for the gun they'll shoot us.'
'I'll wait.... Make them feel I'm one of his damsels and then go for it.'
"Pstk... Pstk...Pstk... Look who did we find." One of them, with a golden brown hair blue eyes spoke. He bent towards us signalling us with his gun, to get up from the floor.
We complied. Valentiniau's grasp was firm on my hand and I tightly held it.
"Awww.... Come on Val did I interrupt your lovely evening with your putana." He winked with a smirk.
"You know better than to fuck with me Rosso. So why are you here?" Valentiniau snarled at the man.
"Oh fuck is what Donzel will do to you, but before that I would like to taste your bella." He said licking his lower lip.
"One step towards her and I'll rip you apart Rosso. You know I don't give a shit about who you are. So, I'd say you go back the way you came. Or else I'll fuck you. Hard." I trembled with his thundering voice.
"We'll see that later. He shook his head and two men grabbed me by my arms and simultaneously other two grabbed Val. We were being taken inside a room. 'Who the fuck is Rosso and what is he to Donzel?'
I tried questioning Val but he didn't budge. Looking at him I knew he was driven to the verge of smashing each head around. His hands were tied behind and his face was gagged. Two men pointing their barrel to his head stood on his either side.
"So you say, you are going to fuck me if I lay a hand on this bitch." He pulled my hair back exposing my neck and grazed the cold metal barrel onto my neck. I twitched against the metal.
"Ahhh... you have great taste in women." He released my hair and walked up to the door asking for a wine.
As soon as he got the wine he poured it in the flute and drinking he went towards Valentiniau.
"But I don't understand how they stick on to you after sleeping with a piece of shit like you? Fucking mini sausage eh.."
"Because unlike you I don't fuck with my fingers, I'm blessed with a dick you pusy." he punched Valentiniau with the gun.
"No..." I squealed. A stream of blood oozed out from the side of his eye.
Rosso walked up to me, "Ahhh... you love him. Don't you?" he laughed in the most wicked way.
"Love what a petty emotion to waste your time and energy on. You see I dwell more towards lust than love. Both begin with 'L' end with a fuck and is much less messier than the later." His eyes grazing on my lips and my breast, mentally undressing me.
"To answer your question I don't love him but I can't see violence. And I would still prefer to end up messy than to have a shit face stick his dick in me. Oops I forgot finger as you lack the necessary weapon to fuck." I spat out.
"Ahhh... you're feisty... I like my women to be feisty but not with their tongue but their mouth on my bed." He pinched one of my breasts.
I could see Valentiniau jerking in his place but pulled down by his men. Rosso looked at him and quirked an eyebrow.
"Bah!! The love of a woman is known to be divine and a dreadful thing." Rosso goes up to him and punches him three more time.
'I should distract him and get him near to have an advantage.'
"If you do like feisty than I say it makes two of us." My words made him stop his punches and he looked towards me. He speculated my actions and I tried being calm. He signalled his men to release me so that I could walk up to him. I walked towards him trying to absorb the surrounding.
'One man at my back one behind Rosso and two with Val.'
Rosso pulled me near him his hands resting on my waist and his gun in his right hand.
"You're smart to change streams." He moved his gun between him and Valentiniau saying, "You see, he and I have never liked each other much. We have a long standing relation, where I fuck his pitiful ass and he loves it hard."
"But you and me can talk and enjoy each other. So you help me out and I'll show you how a man fucks." He winked and I leaned ahead and pulled his ear lobe between my teeth. I could immediately feel his arousal getting strong. So I run my finger down his neck to the shoulder and he grabs me to a nearest chair.
"I thought I'd fuck your pretty pussy in a more comfortable place, but I guess I'd have to fuck you right here." With that he kept his gun on the table and pulled me to sit on his lap. His arousal rubbing between my legs. When he came near to kiss me I snaked one hand behind his neck and one to my thigh releasing the gun. My other hand snapped his head back by pulling his hair and I shoved my barrel into his mouth.
"No one moves or I'll fuck his mouth." I said standing up.
"Release him." I told the two men who stood near Val. They didn't move so I had to take Rosso's gun and shot one guy in his wrist and immediately shot him again on his knee.
"Ahhhh.... You bitch." The man fell down his gun dropped far.
"You fucking bitch." The other man tried to come near me. I shoved the gun deeper into Rosso's mouth. 'One thing about mafia is that the men they stick to their boss'.
Rosso made a whining protest.
"Come on can't give a blowjob to my gun, meatball." And I started sliding the barrel in and out of his mouth. "Oh... this is so much fun seeing a dick like you give a blowjob." I smirked.
"You owe me big time for this Val."
I moved my gun out of his mouth and placed it at his temple.
One of his men from behind walked a step ahead and I shot him down with my left gun.
"Your men are shittier than school girls." I furrowed my brows at Rosso.
"Both you pricks put down your fucking guns and step aside." The other two obliged.
"You dickhead walk with me." I signalled Russo to his feet and walked towards Val.
Russo pulled a knife out of his jacket but before he could use I shot him on his shoulder.
"Arghhhh.... You fucking bitch, I'll fucking kill you." He moaned in pain.
"Come on a little bit of gunpowder won't kill you bitch." I walked towards Valentiniau and released him.
"I told you Rosso not to fuck with Me," with that Valentiniau picked the gun and shot at his dick and after hearing him cry in agony he forcefully entered the barrel into Russo's mouth.
I killed the other two men waiting to attack if given a chance.
"I am leaving you alive only to let Donzel know the extent of my mercy." Valentiniau spoke sarcastically.
Holding the gun in his left hand Valentiniau swaps his phone and dials.
"Jenin I need a clean up."
"Four men and; one has just lost his dick to me."
"No. Its Rosso."
Within twenty minutes Brandt and Jenin were with us with rest of the men. Valentiniau instructed them to take Rosso to hospital and inform Donzel.
He ushered me back onto the yacht and signalled the captain to sail but not home but in the emptiness of the sea.
We went down in the cabin and he sat on his bed. I helped him clean his wound.
"This might sting." I pressed the cotton with antiseptic on the wound.
"Fuck.." he hissed out in pain.
"Shhh.... It's done just few more seconds now." I tried calming him and dressed it. He removed his jacket and placed it on the bed, rolling his sleeves up. I went to the washroom to clean myself.
After half an hour we were back again standing over the deck of the yacht. He enveloped me between the railing and his body. His heart still beating fast. My heart still beating fast. After a long time I had killed someone and it was a reality check of what my life was and what it will become.
With one hand he held me by my waist my back firmly pressed in his chest. I lay my head on his shoulder. He kissed my neck behind my ear lobe.
"Thank you." I turned to look at him questioning him.
"For saving me, us, out there. I was scared that he'd hurt you. And like you said I owe you my life." He rested his chin on my shoulder.
"I only want your love and heart." I said shrugging.
"Did I ever mention you're most beautiful and cunning vixen I've ever met." He chuckled.
"Oh so you say you've never met a woman to tame the beast within you." I turn my neck to eye him.
He pulled me tighter into an embrace. I could feel the arousal rub against me. I looked at him in wonder.
"You feel this cara?" he rubbed the back of his palm on my cheeks sending a current down my back.
"This happens only when you are around. Just the thought or your feel can weaken my guard. A mere whiff of your fragrance makes me flip inside out." He kissed my forehead cupping my face. "You have always been beautiful in my eyes, and always will be. Only you can tame the untameable beast in me."
He glided his hand to his pocket and pulled out a paper for me to read along with a blue velvet box.
"I wanted you to read this but not here, in the restaurant. But I don't want to wait for any perfect moments, as moments aren't perfect until we have the person alongside to make it. So read this cara and then answer my question." He gave the paper to me. I read -
Catherine,
This is what you have done to me, in spite of me trying to protect you.
O' to see her from afar, cruel was the sight,
To see her hair as a blanket of night,
Of cloudless climes and starry skies,
And all the best of dark and bright, meet in her aspect and her eyes.
And thus, I clothe my naked villainy,
With odd old ends stolen forth of holy writ,
And seem a saint when most I play the devil.
The devil, having nothing else to do,
Went off to tempt my Lady Lockwood,
My Lady tempted by a private whim,
To his extreme annoyance tempted him.
O' she is the antidote to my desire.
For I looked up to the Gods in plea,
Betwixt the stirrup and ground,
Mercy I asked... Mercy I found.
For the loveliest thing of beauty God ever has showed me,
Are her voice, and her hair, and eyes and the dear red curves of her lips.
Escape me?
Never -
Beloved!
While I am I, and you are you.
Grow old along with me,
The best is yet to be,
The last of life, for which the first was made,
Our times are bound till our bodies laid.
I was not aware but I had tears rolling down in streams. I had never thought loving a mafia would be so romantic. He wiped my tears still holding me from back supporting my frame with his hard chest. I felt his heart beat race. Taking the blue velvet box opened to take out the ring with bright blue sapphire holding it's stand in the middle. He took my left hand and removed the diamond ring and turned me around to face me. His eyes had a light shade with pupils dilated. My breath hitched.
"Catherine Nicolai Christakos you have changed my perception of the word love and family and dragged me to a point to alter myself every day, every hour to be a better man. You have endured my arrogance and churlishness. You have trusted me with your darkest depths. You have trusted me with your life and to keep you safe."
He fell down on his knees and held my hand.
"I ask you to trust me to put your hand in my hand and your heart in my care. I ask you to marry me."
I was in a wave of shock. His declarations were sudden and I was taking my time to understand feeling, emotion and him.
"Catherine? Will you. Please say yes. I need you more than I can express."
"This letter subscribed, if I continue to endure you a little longer, I may degrees dwindle into a wife."
He looked at me in confusion, with his brow knitted.
"So I am enduring you a little longer to say Yes...Yes...I'll marry and grow old with you." He stood up and hugged me tight. We pulled back and kissed under the moonlight.
After a while we broke free and I went crimson.
"So you know literature?"
"Yes cara I liked it so had taken up in university."
"No wonder you could mix your words with Byron, Belloc and Masefield."
"Well you're none less you caught me off-guard with your reply being Mrs. Millament from The Way of the World." he teasingly kissed my nose.
"Well, what can I say? I'm well-read and outspoken." I winked.
"So I'm in love with a woman who uses endearments like dick, shit head and meatball? Really?"
"Oh shut up I saved your pretty ass, cucciolo. And well I'm no Italian. I'm Greek and American so I get to backlash your ethnicity." I laughed seeing Valentiniau pout in disagreement.
"I swear I'll kill Abelie. So you wanna know what this cucciolo can do." He smirked and winked.
"Hmmm... as I said I am waiting to be devoured." I spoke in hush tones.
We stood there on the deck in each other's embrace.
"I... Umm. Can I ask you something?"
"Yes love."
"Your tattoos... I mean why those in specific. The eagle and lion and omega?"
"In our field of work we need sharp eyes for locking our targets. Our hearts need to be courageous and brave to triumph over the worst pain and only that can lead you to be powerful amongst other vultures. The eagle is a symbol of keen eyes, courage and immortality. The lion symbolises power and braveness whereas omega symbolises the ultimate power. See this ring?" he lifts his right ring finger showing a diamond encrusted eagle eye, a claw and omega symbol.
"So I am in love with a keen eyed, brave hearted man who has the ultimate power to make or break things? Interesting."
"Somewhat like that. Yes. But only you can break me tessora mia."
The yacht to us ashore and we headed back towards the house. After an hour we reached. I looked at the time it was two in the morning and I was tiered and sleepy.
Valentiniau picked me close to his chest and walked towards his room and lay me on his bed.
"Why here." I eyed him removing his jacket and placing it on the chair.
"You'll sleep in my room from now on." He kissed my forehead and scurried away.
I got up to freshen myself and after few minutes he came back with my night wear.
"Here's your nightwear. Do you wear your panties and sleep?" I turned to face him wide eyed, watching him undo his cufflinks.
"That blush says no, and that's the perfect answer." Smirking, he walks towards me. I turn avoiding him and start undoing my zipper, when he catches my wrist and trails kiss over them.
"Let me..." he purrs in a low husky voice, his breath sending alarming sensations down my core.
He slowly undid my dress zipper and my dress puddled over my feet exposing my almost bare chest in my black lace brazier. I turned around to face him.His breathing was uneven and he drank my bareness like a man in dessert in search to quench his thirst.
I breathe rapidly mirroring his breath, and he gazes down at me with reverence? Or lust? I can't contemplate his look but his eyes sparkle wild and carnal.
He swallows a lump and I see his neck constrict. I stare up at his beautiful face. Leaning down he closes his eyes and kisses me, entranced. His kiss soft and tugging, peeking me to shackle my controls. He inhales sharply and groans. "Catherine, you undo my control, my manhood. You undo me." He bends lower and once again claims my lip.
His words were siren stirring my libido awake. Hearing him say.... Seeing him... undone by me.He twirls his fingers in my hair and pulls them down so that my chin is stretched up. Our bodies rise and tremble in the state of arousal. The ilk of his kiss alters into a more demanding need and carnal. His teeth graze my lower lip, his tongue invading my mouth, taking all that he needs. His mere touch makes my blood shoot up like a kerbed volcano, wakening every muscle as the warmth surfaces each part in me. I feel like a shudder of volcano.
He groans breaking apart. "I need you Catherine. I need you now cara, before I lose myself. I need to fuck you." He inhales sharply. "Please."
"Yes." I murmur.
"You want this? Here. Now?" he breathes, his eyes masked with love and lust.
"Yes. Here. Now." I nod.
"Oh cara," he whispers circling his hands around my waist moving up north and tugging onto the hook breaking it free.
"Let's free you from this." He pulls the straps down freeing my breasts.
"You are so beautiful." He breathes and walks me to the bed and sits me down, bending down on his knees. Gently removing each shoe he tosses them back and runs his hands up my thigh, pausing where my gun strap ends. I groan and arch my back falling backwards on the bed. I support myself with my elbows.
He slowly undoes the strap with one hand and the other makes teasing tantalizing circles on my other thigh. I wither under his touch. He stands up undunravelling himself from his shirt and belt, and quickly pushing his shoes aside. Bending down he pulls of his socks and throws them behind his back. I look at his well-toned muscles, each defined and the tattoos; on his chest gives him the bad boy look. I inhale sharply wanting to feel his warmth and toned muscles. I want him to want me and take me....now.
I get up straight sitting at the edge and skim my index finger trailing the muscles just above his pant seams touching his waist. I run them back and forth hooking one finger inside and skimming it deeper along the muscles hidden beneath the pants.
"Oh, Baby" he growls and I undo his zipper pulling his pants down along with his underclothes, releasing his confined muscle.
Looking at him in his very alpha state made me wanton. He was magnificent and beautiful.He leans in and pushes me towards the top of the bed. He piles two pillows below my head. His hands pick up where they had left and slowly move towards the apex of my thigh. I close my eyes taking in all the sensations crossing my body.
"Open your eyes cara, I want you to watch me do you." I blink my eyes open and stare at his face, face bending slowly onto my thighs kissing its way up to where I want to explode.
He slides my panties down, freeing me and pulls it to his nose taking in the smell of my sex. My eyes widen with lust but his gaze never leaves mine. He shoves the panty aside and towers over me, leaning down he glides his nose from the side of my eyes, down my ear to the neck; releasing warm air tingling against my flushed skin. I can feel his throbbing bulge onto my stomach warm and hard. He further glides down inhaling my scent towards my clavicle and onto my breasts. He lifts himself and looks at me, cupping my breast supporting himself on his elbows. I bring my hands from side to his nape to tug his hair. He pinches one of my nipples and tugs at it. Every nerve in my body is at the verge of exploding. I wince under his touch. He twists and tugs another nipple making them taut and erect.His face is flushed with wild, carnal lust. He lifts himself and pulls my hand to each side straddling them away from my body. Heat escapes my body and he bends down and circles his tongue around one peak of my breast till a frustrated moan escapes me.
He flicks the other peak and tugs it between his lips and grazes his teeth scratching the skin. He continues his pleasurable assaults taking me to a new level of ecstasy. I feel wanton and my core wet, contracting.
"Gauh!" I moan out, and he sucks hard over the peak and travels down to my navel licking each inch of my skin. I feel circles of warm breath traced around my navel and then he licks around the same path finally dipping his tongue and kissing there.
"You.Are.So.Fucking.Beautiful." he groans out and traces butterfly kisses over the plane of my pelvis. I see the muscle in his stomach clench.
Pulling himself up, he turns on one side, and glides his hand on the other leg upto my thighs. He slowly pulls my leg apart launching him in between, with hands on both my thighs making circles upwards.
"Oh! ...Catherine, you baffle me."
Bending down, he kisses the inner thigh moving north and traces two fingers over the slit of my sex. He lowers down and glides his nose leaving warm traces along the path.
"Please... Valen..tiniau..." I moan in want, in need for more.
He kisses the folds and licks my mount waiting to detonate. Each stroke taking me to a new high, each lick making me thrust up into his soft mouth. He straddles my hip with his strong arms and continues to lick me, merciless. He gently grazes his teeth over my mount tugging it.
"Fuck" I squeeze the sheets in my hands and tilt my head back trying to absorb the trembles initiated in my body. He glides up to my hip bone and traces kisses along its path simultaneously moving his two fingers over my clitoris and in one rapid movement he pushes his finger into my depths.
"Argggghhh."
"You are so wet for me."
His fingers stroking the inner wall of my vagina making me pulse and convulse at each graze; the base of his palm, grinding against my clitoris with every deep prod of his long fingers. He twists and turns them grazing each wall of my depths, my pulse erratic, and my heart pounding wild with the desire to replace the magical fingers with his erection.
Oh my.
"Dio... I want to savour you like a savaged beast." He warns withdrawing his fingers and now towering over me.
"Please Val." I'm breathless. He dips his dark haired head down on to my lips savouring each kiss.
"Oh, baby -"
He kneels between my thighs and pulls me down straddling my thighs, positioning me around him.
"Tell me if I'm hurting you or I am too rough. Understand?" he whispers, smoothly gripping my nape and in one fluid motion he thrusts in to me.
"Ah. Fuck." I groaned, his erection filling my awaiting void, stretching it to accommodate him. He slows and stiffens. "Ah! Fuck, Catherine, I just found the best place to be in the world. Inside you.... Inside my girl." He whispers inarticulately, thrusting deep into me.
"Watch."
He caresses my face with his soft lips and I plunge my fingers into his dark wet locks. My lips seek his and I move along the length of his erection. His hands move to my backside supporting me and moving me along with him at his pace - hard and hot rhythm.
"Gauhhh.... Val.." I moan under his mouth as he tugs his length under me pulls it out repeating it till I have no more control of me.
"Oh fuck." I dig my fingers into his shoulders.
"Yes baby. Come for me." he hisses and thrust deeper with each shove. His face buried in my neck, his breathing haywire, but he never misses a beat while riding me to the crest of sinful heaven.
My insides tighten around him.
'Oh God! I can't hold on anymore, this is going to rip me apart.'
"Please," I beg him to go faster and he complies by pulling up from me, stretching my legs up straight and thrusting faster inside me.
"Yes" I grab my pillow under my head.
"That's right baby, let go." He groans and slaps me harder on my right buttocks and I come convulsing, withering around him again and again, contracting, shivering, pulsing,and exploding over and over - him. "Catherine -" Valentiniau holds and with a final thrust explodes climaxing within me.
I breathe heavily tying to stabilise the after effect of a mind boggling sex. Valentiniau slides out of me and lays besides me his face hooded in my neck, his hands draped on my breast and leg spread over mine.
"That was..." I can't reflect the feelings that I have.
"You conquer me, Miss Lockwood."
"Me... conquer? Pray tell how? Mr. Visconti." I quirk an eyebrow facing him, his 'oh-so-handsome-after sex-face'.
"These feelings, these emotions I have never felt before. You defeat me... my defences all shattered." He pushed his head on his palm supported by his elbow.
"Oh Val... you do me too." He leans down and nuzzles my neck. I lie in his arms thoroughly sated.
My eyes pop open and I take in my surrounding, Valentiniau is here sleeping besides me, his dark hair nuzzling my chin his breath caressing my bare chest. I look at the watch it shows 8:11 am.
Valentiniau stirs lifts his head looking at me sheepishly with a wide grin.
"Good morning mia cucciolo."
"Good morning, mia patatina. Did you sleep well?" he chuckled and stretched out besides me.
"You think I'm fat?" I shouted wide eyed.
"No Catherine I like teasing you, but you know you will soon be as round as a potato." He chuckled and that voice is a melody to a sour heart.
"And well I slept fine once my fiancé stopped SNORING."
He smiles shyly and I melt. "Snoring is it. Nah you must be confused with your high pitched snoring with mine." I pulled the pillow from below his head and whacked it over his face. I giggle.
"I could wake up to that sound every day."
"If you're marrying me, you'd better wake up every day to this sound and no one else's." I narrowed my gaze.
"Who else."
"So what have you planned for today?"
"We have to go to my family house, once I have made love to my tigrotto and after she's made me breakfast. Abelie has an off today."
I gape at him, "Family."
"Yes"
"Won't Viola be there and is Donzel not there?"
"Yes the whole blood sucking army."
"They are your family after all." I roll my eyes.
"No apart from Elisa all our money and power hungry." He whispers as he runs his hands up my stomach.
"I hope Elisa likes me." I say distracting him.
"Oh she will, when her brother devours a person like a chocolate she will too." Of course, my gonna be husbands words are the final law.How can I forget? His hands continue to work their magic and I'm lost, drifted away from reality; forgetting everything.
Chapter 11
Anto drives us onto the tarmac of Falcone - Borsellino Palermo Airport, followed by another car with Brandt, Jenin and Othello. Valentiniau is pretty relaxed from other days. As Anto pulls the car near the foot of the jet steps, he takes my hand in his and bends down to whisper, "I have a surprize for you." He winks and helps me out of the car. We get into the plane and are received by a blond beauty.
"Good afternoon Mr. Visconti," she curtly nods and turning towards me, "Miss Lockwood." She smiles pleasantly and ushers us into our seats.
"Thank you Tasha." Valentiniau nods.
There from the back I see a mahogany brown haired lady sitting and when I get near her she turns and jumps up, "Catherineeee...."
'Oh my God..'
"Oh my God! Luc... you're here? In real?" I hug her jumping around on the spot.
"You look amazing and glowing all over."
"Thanks."
I turn around to thank Valentiniau and catch him giggling.
"Thank you" I mouth the words in slow whisper and he simply smiles and nods.
"We should take our seats and then we can chat once airborne." Valentiniau suggested.
We quickly took our respective seats and were set to take off. I held his hand and pulled him close to me.
"The fight will take approximately one hour and I Tasha will be your inflight assistant. Thank you and have a pleasurable flight." She spoke and scurried away to her seat.
"Thank you Mr. Visconti. It was a lovely surprise."
"You're welcome Miss Lockwood." He beamed.
"But how did you know where she was and how did you manage to get her here?"
"Well I have my connections Miss Lockwood. Don't fret too much on the how and when, just enjoy it." He smirks pulling my hand towards his mouth and places a soft feather kiss.
I grin and close my eyes.
'He did it for me... aww it's so sweet of him.'
'He maybe an evil boss but he is my evil boss.'
As soon as the seat belt indicators were switched off I went to sit near Lucy.
"I missed you so much darling." She held my hand.
"Oh Luc you have no idea how much I have missed you being around. I'm just happy that you're with me."
"Cath is that your engagement ring?" she looks at it awestruckand I simply nodded.
"OMG it's freaking beautiful. Tell me how did that sizeable striking demi god propose? Details Lockwood, I need details."
So we spoke at a length about how he proposed and then we went to nonna's place and later the dinner and the proposal.
"Cath you're one lucky knocked up bitch. He is way gorgeous and laudable than the contemptible excuse of a human, Marcus."
"Luc he is gorgeous and noble but he has his flaws." I sigh.
"What do you mean? Did he hurt you in anyway?"
"No. No. he would never hurt me knowingly. But..."
"But what? Tell me, you've never had a problem sharing things with me."
"Luc you need to promise me that what I say will be confined to your ears and brain." I stare at her doe eyes.
"Cath you know me well so just spill the beans."
"He... he is a mafia boss." Lucy was paled out as if her entire body was being drained out of blood slowly.
"What!" she blurted out loud and heads turned towards us. I quickly smiled assuring everything was fine.
"Lucy, it's not what you think. He is a good man only his work parameters request certain unusual tactics."
"Cath, for god sakes he is a fucking mafia, good or bad, but he is still a mafia boss."
"Well there is one thing I have never told you."
"What? Don't tell me you're some undercover agent who fell in love with this stunning mafia."
"No but I am the granddaughter of a Greek mafia. I'm actually Christakos and Lockwood is my mother's maiden name." Lucy looked as though all her grey cells were sucked up in a vacuum.So I continued to explain her about the how and when and why.
By the time I was done explaining Lucy looked relaxed and we were about to land over Ugo Niutta, Naples International Airport; Campania.
"Please fasten your seat belts we are about to land in Naples. Thank you." The voice spoke from the inflight microphone.
"I'll go sit next to him, we are about to land and I have no clue what's in store for the next few hours." I clicked my tongue and went back next to Valentiniau.
"You look content." He pushed a lock of hair behind my ear.
"Content?"
"Well. Yes. May I ask the reason behind it?"
"Yes. It is because of you." He raised his brow questioningly.
"Why Mr. Visconti, do you doubt your capabilities?" I ribbed moving my tongue onto my lower lip.
His eyes instantly changed into a dark shade of grey.
"Ahh! Miss Lockwood your mouth has still not been tamed up to the degree I would like; I guess my methods are frail."
"Oh! Why do you say so? Mia cucciolo."
"For you still address me as Mr. Visconti and tease me with that arduous mouth."
"But I like teasing you, it's payback for the years you have tortured me with your extremely sexy body and piquant vocabulary."
"Sexy body and piquant vocabulary are very fascinating choice of words. So sexy is it? You think I'm sexy?" his eyes bamboozling.
"Yes. Flummoxed?" I mock him, "Mr. Visconti don't go fishing for more compliments now. We are about to land."
"You confound me Catherine. I love you."
"And I you."
We landed quick and easy and were driving back to the family house.
"So your family house is it as huge as your house back at Palemro?"
"Well, a little bigger nothing flamboyant."
Driving along the road inside his huge estate his house stood in middle was a beautiful manor facing us with a beautiful garden in the front. It has a Mediterranean look to it.
"Welcome to Camorra Casa."
"This is your family home? I mean this is beautiful." I looked at him grinning ear to ear.
"I hoped you like it."
"Like it? I love it. It's charming and I'm this close to skip a beat" I pinched my thumb and fore finger together.
"How huge is this house?"
"It's approximately eight thousand square feet. It is three storeyed and has eight bedrooms along with the rest patio and terrace and stuff."
"Wow."
"Few kilo meters towards north and south we have two chalets each. And just behind this giant is a small villa for my upper ring men."
"So by chalets, I'm sure you mean more like villas."
"Well what can I say? I am but a modest soul." He chuckles.
"You are nothing near modest Mr. Visconti." I kissed him as our car came to a halt.
I look behind to find Jenin alone with Othello.
"Where are Brandt and Lucy?"
"I have asked Brandt to take Lucy to my penthouse as I don't want her to witness the prologue of a horrid tale." He cocked his head on one side.
We were ushered in to the house by Anthony their butler along with other helps. The inside was stylish and as magnificent as the outside. Exquisite paintings hung in the waiting room and vases decorated with beautiful flowers. The house was splendid and as I was taking in the splendour a lady quite in her early fifties walked down the stairs. She has a petite frame with dark brown hair and blue eyes. The same eyes as that of Marcus, I knew then and there it had to be his mother Viola. Even in her petite form she walked with an air of arrogance, displaying herself as a cut above the other mankind present. She finally stood a foot away from us. Valentiniau held his grip tighter around my waist, as if he wanted to protect me from her vile soul.
"Ah! Mio cara figlio... finalmente ha ottenuto il tempo di incontrare sua madre. E vedo sei stao molto occupato." (Ah! My dear son... finally you got the time to meet your mother. And I see you have been very busy.) She raises her hands to hug Valentiniau.
"Prima di tutto Viola, non affrontano te come mia madre, e il secondo si ero occupato schivare il vostro affare brutto con il nipote." (First of all Viola, do not address yourself as my mother, and second yes I was busy dodging your nasty deal with your nephew.) He gloated.
"Bene se ti senti cosi allora non ho piu nulla da dire. Ma veramenter c'e qualcosa di sbagliato con il tuo cervello per ottenere questo sacchetto di rifiuti qui in casa mia." (If that I what you think I do not have any more to say. But I didn't expect you to get this trash bag in my house.) She pointed towards me with disgust.
My blood was boiling and my palms were twitching.
"Elena mi ha perlato di lei, ma non mi aspettavo di ottenere i vostri lavanderie sporchi a casa.Tuo padre sarebbe rimasto deluso in voi." (Elena informed me about her, but I didn't expect you to get your dirty laundries back home. Your father would be disappointed in you.)She spoke each word with tremendous loath.
"Elena puo andare scopare se, stressa per quel che mi riguarda. E mio padre non sarebbe deluso, anzi sarebbe stato contento come non ho fatto ottenere una borsa piena di merda inutile quando ha ottenuto il culo vile patetico nella nostra casa." (Elena can go fuck herself, for all I care. And my father would not be disappointed; rather he would be pleased as I didn't actually get a bag of useless shit, like when he got your pathetic vile ass in to our home.) Valentiniau smirked at her.
Viola was fuming, her cheeks were crimson with hatred and she looked at me in disgust. I came a little closer to her and said, "Posso essere una madre rifiuti in legge, ma tu eri solo rispetto ai inutile pezzo di merda. Vi compatisco. Ed e stato un piacere incontrare il letame della casa." (I may be a trash mother-in -law, but you were just compared to a useless piece of shit. I pity you. And it was a pleasure meeting the manure of the house.) I smiled and stepped back to look at an astonished Viola.
"Si cagna."(You bitch.)She stepped forward raising her hand to slap me when Valentiniau intervened catching her wrist.
"Guarda la lingua fallo Viola, lei e la mia fidanzata e la mia futura moglie.Il future secondo in commando per il Boss. Quindi, vorrei suggerire di agire in modo appropriato prima chiedo ai miei uomini di buttare fuori. Lo sto solo tollerando come purtroppo siete una parte della mia famiglia, ma anche per un secondo non credo che mi esitero a ucciderti se si tenta cazzo con me o lei." (Watch your foul tongue Viola, she is my fiancée and my future wife. The second in command to the Boss. So I would suggest that you act appropriately before I ask my men to throw you out. I am only tolerating you as unfortunately you are a part of my family, but even for a second do not think that I will hesitate to kill you if you try fucking with me or her.) With each word he took a step towards her, demeaning her respect and crushing her arrogance to dust.
"Sperro di essere stato chiaro alla testa di spessore.Ora passare dal nostro modo Viola."( I hope I have made myself clear to your thick head. Now move from our way Viola.) He snapped his fingers ordering her. The entire staff along with his men witnessed her debasing.
"Valentiniau. How dare you talk to mother like that?" Marcus yelled.
When I turned I saw a pretty girl about twenty two, stood there in utter shock along with Marcus on one side holding, or rather crushing the hand of another female who portrait equal arrogance as that of Viola.
"You cannot talk to her like that. Apologise, before I -." He was cut by Valentiniua.
"Before, you what? Don't forget who I am and what I can do, and who you are. Do you want to stay here or you'd rather be packing your sorry ass too along with her." Valentiniau pointed between Marcus and Viola. Marcus was red with insult and was breathing heavily.
"Valentiniau, this is no way you talk to your family." The lady holding Marcus's hand stepped forward. Her face displayed annoyance and anger.
"Exactly, family. You," Valentiniau pointed towards her, "are no part of this family. Not yet. And if you still want to be, I'd suggest do not interfere when I talk to my family. You open your foolish mouth when consulted not otherwise. So be wise and take my advice."
"And Elisa," he looked up at the pretty looking girl who looked at him as though he'd gobble her down. "Call Stella and ask her to meet me in half an hour I have a wedding for this weekend to plan." All eyes popped out as though they would bounce and crush on the floor. Viola had a classic jaw drop appearance.
Valentiniau pulled me to walk with him upstairs on the second floor and ushered me into his room.
"I'm sorry for what happened. I had told you she is twisted and nasty." He pulled me into his arms hugging me and caressing my hair.
"It's fine she is nothing that I can't handle."
"Yeah. I heard 'manure of the house' pstk." He winked and giggled.
"Oh shut up. She really did piss me off. But then again I didn't want the others to think I was some bitch. So I towed down my thoughts."
"You really are something Miss Lockwood." He kissed my forehead.
"Val who were the two down with Marcus?I know the pretty one is Elisa, since you practically yelled her scare stiff, and she has the same eyes as yours. But who was the other arrogant soul down there?"
"That arrogant character is Andrea Salvator, Donzel and Rosso's sister." He said nonchalantly unbuttoning his shirt. "And I did not yell, I was merely conveying my thoughts."
"What? And you just fired at her brother's dick yesterday?" I felt dizzy with the images of blood spurting out of Rosso.
"Well I did tell him not to fuck with me, but he didn't listen so that was me fucking him, hard." He shrugged his shoulders and started walking towards his closet. I followed him inside.
"So now you have stirred Donzel up after shooting at his brothers dick and insulting his sister and aunt." I select a shirt and hold it out for him.
"Well somewhat like that, but his debt remains of the spilt milk. He needs to be reminded of 'who' the boss is and that I do not take shit from anyone." He takes the shirt views it and starts wearing it.
"Ummm.. Val that reminds me, how did Rosso know we were at the cave restaurant?" I followed him out of the closet.
"Jenin found out that the waiter who got him the wine yesterday was working for him and had informed of us coming there." He took his cologne and sprayed it across his body. I inhaled the scent, I always loved his scent.
"Hmmm... I love the scent." I pulled him to turn towards me and kissed him.
"Why Miss Catherine, you look like you could devour me. But as much as I want to be devoured I have to go work and sort things out. So I'll be down in my study room on first floor. If you need anything come get Me." he cupped my face and kissed me on my forehead tracing kisses down my nose lips and neck.
"Ok.But what of the waiter?" I stopped him midway.
"What of him. He must be knocking at the doors of heaven." He smirks gazing at me.
'Devil; utter sinful devil.' I sigh.
"Ok. First I'll shower and get ready then I'll come down and maybe you can show me around or we can go out with Lucy?" I suggested walking towards the bathroom.
"Ok." He winked and left.
I have my shower and drape a towel and come out. I walk into the closet to find a young girl emptying my bag.
"Hi. I need to take my clothes." She looks blankly at me. I realise she didn't understand what I was saying.
"Ciao. Io sono Catherine.Ho bisogno di prendere I miei vestiti." I shrugged. (Hello. I'm Catherine. I need to take my clothes.)
"Si...Si. Cosa ti piacerebbe indossare?" she asks with gleaming eyes folding a cloth. (Yes...yes. What would you like to wear?)
"Non ho idea. Non so che cosa o dove stiamo andando." I pick a dress and a pair of jeans holding it out in front of her.(I have no idea. I don't know what to wear.)
She points at the jeans and takes out a beige flannel shirt. "Questo e un tempo tutti perfetto." She smiles handing me the jeans and shirt and takes the dress to hang it back. (This is all time perfect.)
'Hmmm. True, its comfortable and decent enough to walk around. I should thank her.'
"Grazie...."
"Sofia."
"Grazie Sofia." I take my clothes and head to the bedroom and change into them. I put on some make up and brush my hair into loose waves.
"Capo scelto bene. Se bella e gentile a differenza di..." She stoped her statement abruptly.(Capo chose well. You are beautiful and polite unlike...)
"Differenza di?" I walked towards her.
"Si prega di non dire a capo... ho detto questo." She was tensed as though she had broken a code. (Please do not tell the head... what I said.)"Non preoccupatevi o preoccuparsi. Ma a differenza di chi?" I held her by her shoulders. (Do not worry or fret. Tell me unlike whom?)
"Signora Chiara." She looks with her puppy eyes at me.
"Chi e Chiara?" (Who Chiara?)
"Sorella Donzel." (Donzel's sister.) I felt the blood drained out of me. I felt numb and speechless.
"Don...Donzel ha due sorella? E la Val era innamorato di lei?" (Don...Donzel has two sisters? And Val was in love with her?)
'He never mentioned Chiara. He spoke of Elena then why would he hide about Chiara.'
"Si.Ma lei lo ha lasciato per una prospettiva migliore. Lei sta uscendo con un boss spagnolo." She poured a glass of water and brought it near me. (Yes. She left him for a better prospective, a Spanish boss.)
"Un boss Spagnalo.." I took the glass gulping large amounts. (A Spanish boss)
"Si. Suo fratello pensa che li auitera a rafforezzare le loro relazioni in Spagna e anche in questo modo egli si vendico con Capo." She explained making me sit on the edge of my bed. (Yes. Her brother thinks it will help them to strengthen their relations in Spain and also this way he took revenge with Capo.)
"Grazie Sofia per avermelo detto. Ma come fai a sapere cosi tanto?" I raise my head looking at her. (Thank you Sofia for telling me. But how do you know so much?)
"Le notizie viaggiano velocemente in giro qui. Tutto ha orecchie da un posto all'altro." She winked. (News travels fast around here. Everything has ears from pillar to post.)
"Ho bisogno di andre alla cucina per aiutare. Ma se u bisogno di qualsiasi cosa si prega di chiamare per me." (I need to go to the kitchen for helping, but if you need anything please call for me.)
I simply smiled and she left.
'First it was Elena and now Chiara....and God alone knows how many more will be parading around in my life. Arrghh... I hate this.'
I walked out straight towards his study room on the first story and barged in without a warning.
"I want it and I want it done quick..." Val was speaking on call. He looks at me and waves his hand for me to come and sit, and winks.
"I don't give a shit about them. Just get it done Brandt." I look at few documents resting on the table under a file that read - CHRISTAKOS.
'Why is there a file on Christakos?' I wondered, and so I tried taking them when he suddenly got up and took the file and placed it in a locked shelf behind him. I eyed him suspiciously.
"Yes. I'll tell her." He sat back, "No drop her safely and get the thing done. I need details or else I won't be able to negotiate my terms."
"Yes. Ok. Addio." He flipped his phone back on the table and smiled at me.
"So you're relaxed and fresh?"
"Yes. Very." I say in a sarcastic tone not trying to hide my restlessness. He eyes me trying to gauge my mood, moving back and forth in his chair.
"Why so Caustic Signora?" I threw him a death glance but before I could say,
"Ahh before I forget, Brandt asked me to inform you that, Lucy has to leave urgently as she got a call from Ryan. And then that she was crying and there was something he said about a break up, not sure though. Brandt is going jello for your friend."
"What Ryan is breaking up with her? That bastard. I had told her." Shaking my head I tried retrieving my phone to call her.
"Well Brandt was quite pleased by the news." He grins as I dial Lucy's number.
"You guys are a bunch of insensitive ass." I pressed the phone to my ear but the dial tone was dead.
'Maybe she switched off her number.'
"Ok. Sorry that was insensitive of me, but why were you so caustic back a minute?" I looked at him remembering what Sofia had said, but if I ask he'll know that she blurted out putting her in trouble.
'I need to get more info on him so best I won't ask now.'
"Nah.. Just wondering about what you said down, back today, about the wedding, being held this weekend on Sunday. I mean not that I want a grand wedding but the dress and church should be available." I was entwining my fingers in and out trying to focus on them.
"You don't need to worry cara, Stella is good at it, and she'll be here soon. So just tell her how you want it and she'll get it done." He gets up and walks towards my side spinning my chair so that I am facing him. He pulls me up and kisses me, "I can't wait to make you mine and call you Mrs. Visconti. It suits you." I placed my head on his chest trying to devour the moment when someone barges in through the door.
"What the fuck am I hearing Val..." the lady stops midway and we pull our heads up to see. She stared from Valentiniau to me and back at him and twitched her lips in an unusual way.
"Knock. It's a primary etiquette people learn in their childhood which you always tend to neglect." He closed his eyes pinching the bridge of his nose and holding me close by my waist.
She had a tiny body wrapped in grey suit pants, portraying the frailness; with jet black hair tied in a high ponytail and thin lips. Her skin had a shade of tan which I envied, but in spite of the entire fragile image, she had an air of confidence.
"Well every man has his faults; and lady her privilege. By now, I thought you would have been inured to my act. I'm surprised you're still so dense." She replied curtly walking towards the table and grabbing a chair to sit.
Valentiniau sighed and kissed my forehead asking me to sit while he went to take his seat.
'Her eyes and face it's not cut out to be of an Italian. Who is she and how the fuck is Val tolerating her acid tongue.'
"So be noble enough to tell me why you barged in on us." He questioned her tilting his head.
She looked at Val and then at me and back at him as though silently telling him of my presence.
"Say it Aaiesha, she will soon be handling some parts of my business." He relaxed in his chair tilting it slightly back to rest his head.
"So it's true finally the devil is lured himself." She smirks placing her elbows on the table. I look at her and my face is flushed with embarrassment.
"Give the devil his due, Aaiesha." He shrugs and she turns to face me.
"Well since he is really dense to not acquaint us, I'd do the needful." She gives Val a sarcastic smile and turns back. "I'm Aaiesha Lorenzi, and the devil's advocate." She shakes her thumb pointing towards him.
"She was adopted by my nonna after mom married to compensate for her emptiness." Val butted in.
"Hi. I'm Catherine Lockwood -." Val completed, "Christakos."
Aaiesha eyes me, "You're Dimitiri's elder granddaughter. I know." She said thinking deep as though trying to visualise a sequence.
"Yes. So you've met Caitlin? When?" I was poignant at the mere name uttered.
"Well I was trying to.... Well she needed some help and I did. That's it. Didn't know her that well, but sorry for your loss." She held my hand squeezing it gently.
"Ok, now stop the past live in the present." Val sensed my state and changed the topic.
"Aaiesha you came here to tell me....?"
"Well Facundo Reyes has awful lot of dirt on him. First he is stuck with a huge sum of vig with a shylock Emidio Garcia. Second Diego Valasquez has cheated and stolen his dough. So he is in deep shit. He needs large and so he'll soon turn to others. You should jump in now. This is the right joint." She shifts in her seat eyeing me.
"And Facundo's girl she is missing, and as we speak he is currently talking to Donzel." She swallowed a lump down her throat.
"Ok, so draft a plan for me." he shook his head and she left winking at me.
"What's with everyone winking? You, Brandt, her and even Jenin and Othello."
He chuckles and shifting in his seat, "It's cosa nostra." (It's our thing.)
"Whatever. Huh!" I wave a hand and hear a knock.
"Come in."
The doors opened and a very bubbly face popped in. She was tall and with blonde hair and a presentable personality, more like a sexual predator.
"Ciao." The lady walked in, Val got up to greet her and walked towards her.
"Ciao."
"Ho sentito si sposano, finalmente. Stavo aspettando le campane a suonare. Cosi, quando si tratta?" she kissed him and was standing close enough to him boiling me up. (I heard you are getting married, finally. I was waiting for the bells to ring. So when is it?)
'So this is the Stella.'
"Questo fine settimana la domenica. So che e un breve period di tempo, ma tu sei il migliore e so che lo fara." They walked towards the table. ( This weekend on Sunday. I know it's a short time but you're the best and I know you will do it.)
He comes to my side and I get up to greet the predator Stella.
"Stella this is Miss Catherine Lockwood." He looks at me, Catherine this is Stella."
"Hi" She moves her hand forward and I take it.
"Hi."
"So how do you want it? I mean grand or simple." She asked in her accented voice while Val took another seat next to me.
"Well I leave everything on Catherine Elisa and you."
"OK. So Catherine where do you want to be wed in a church or the house?"
"I would prefer the house but a proper priest. Rest I have no objections."
"Ok, so we can start preparations in the huge space you have here in the estate. The priest I'll organise and the guest list you have to ask your boys to do it by tomorrow."
"Fine. I'll ask them to email it to you." He winks at her.
'So he winks at everyone? What did you think it's a Val special for you? Duh!..'
"Ok so the dress selection we will do today evening at five. So by Saturday we get the dress." She looked at us and nodded.
"Well I'll take Elsia and Catherine with me for the preparations and we all can meet in evening then."
"Good done." He points a thumb up.
"Where is Elisa?" She questions us.
"Well I'll go call her." Val gets up and leaves saying so.
I look at Stella and she smiles.
"I'm so happy that he finally is getting married. The first time was such a disaster."
"First time?"
"Oh shit. You don't know. Fuck."
'Bum bum barum.... There are too many things I don't know..huh!..'
"What?"
"See it's just that he had a girlfriend whom he wanted to marry but didn't turn out quite the way we all expected.." she gave a nervous smile.
"Please tell me. I won't say a word to him."
"He liked a vixen, Chiara Salvator and he was head over heels for her. But that bitch left him broken hearted and got engaged to some Spanish dude Diego."
"Diego... ok"
"See don't worry he truly loves you I can feel it, and I'm happy that the bitch left him. She was as snobbish as her sister - And." I cut her, "Andrea."
"Yes."
"Andrea has been chewing my brains and fussing over every detail of her marriage with the dumb shit brother of Val."
"You seem to hate him." I eye her features showing hate.
She smirks, "Yup that puttana."
"Ok." I stretch the syllables.
"So do you want to wear the garter to throw at the singles?"
"No." Val replied curtly making me blush. He entered along with Elisa.
"Elisa meet Catherine," he came forward holding Elisa by her waist.
"Catherine this is Elisa my baby sister." Elisa elbowed him in his rib making him bend.
"Hi."
"Hi." I shook her hands and she pulled me into a hug.
"You're pretty. No wonder brother could not wait and is rushing to marry you." She giggled.
"So why no garter?" Elsia questioned looking to Val.
"I said no. I don't want other men to see my wife's lingerie." He chided.
"Grow up. It's a garter for God sake's not her strings."
"Well we should get going, loads to do. Right? Stella." I look at her to second me before Val starts his bossing around.
"Yup. See ya." We ladies sing in unison and leave.
"Catherine," he comes behind us, "Take Jenin with you guys and you keep this all time with you." He hands me the Walther.
"Ok." I tip up and kiss him.
"Be safe."
We head down and the care is waiting with Jenin standing besides us.
"Sorry you're stuck with us." I jolt Jenin out of his stare at Elisa.
'Does he like her?... We'll have to wait and watch.'
"Ah...No problem trigger." He smiles and everyone slides into the SUV.
We stop at various shops from the Gifts to, decorations to caterers and wine places. Elisa and Stella were fun to do it with. They had opinion on every dish and wine and colour. Finally after the hectic day I felt hungry.
"Can we guys eat some place?" I looked at them and they all nodded in unison.
We pulled near a small restaurant and ordered the grub.
"So now we are left with cake and dress." Stella reminds us while sipping her coke.
"Yup. What flavour do you prefer Catherine?"
"I like anything that's sweet but I love chocolate."
"Chocolate but it's your wedding. How about a seven tier cheese cake?" Elsia eyes us.
"Well it's her wedding not yours." Jenin replies curtly.
"So what? I am her to be sister."
"Fine. But it's her wedding so she should like it." He said sarcastically.
"Whatever." She smirks waving her hand.
"Ok, guys chill. Val has to decide to." Stella interrupted.
"Well I guess he'd go for chocolate. He has stash of it in his room." Everyone looked at me in a stun face.
"Really. Val is so dead... I'm gonna dance on his nerves till he buys me a car. Thank you so much Catherine." Jenin shakes his head in disappointment and I just shrug.
Jenin's mobile rings and he answers.
"Yup we are having some spaghetti."
"Ok."
"Yes."
He hangs up, "He'll be here in five."
We quickly finish our food and we head out to a smiling Val.
"Why brother, you look all happy. Is it because you getting married to Catherine or we going cake tasting?" Elsia giggled.
"Shut up." Val pulled me close and ushered me into his car. The others sat in the other and we drove to the cake shop.
"So what flavour would you like" the old cake lady, Nina asked.
"Chocolate" Val spoke.
"Vanilla" Jenin suggested.
"Strawberry" Stella butted
"Lemon cheese or rum cream" Elisa said.
They all spoke together as though toddlers waiting for the favourite treat.
Nina looked at me and made an exhausting face.
"What would you like Catherine?" she came forward and asked me.
"I'll like a little bit of everything." I grin winking at her.
'Wow now the winking has caught you to huh?'
"Well so how about we have mille - foglia, it will have layers of light filo pastry, chocolate, vanilla creams and strawberries. With a base layer of pound cake filled with chocolate, vanilla custard, rum cream and fruits." She looked at each one of us waiting for our reply.
"Yessss..." we all said in unison.
After all the necessary details we left for the last stop - the Wedding Dress.
We were back on road and within twenty minutes reached and were inside the store.
"Val you need to leave us now." Stella said pointing her finger towards the door.
"Why?"
"Because, it's considered to be inauspicious to see the bride in her wedding dress; before the wedding." Elisa stood with her hands on her waist.
"Come on." Val protested.
"Bbye...brother" Elisa dragged him out while Stella, Jenin and I made it in.
We saw various gowns but finally settled for a netted back body hugging gown with a boat neck.
"Valentiniau will have no words." Stella winked while clapping her hands.
"Ok. Let's head out before he rampages in again."
It was nearly 7:00 pm and we all reached tiered and hungry.
"Stella thank you so much" I hugged her and she caught me tightly, "You're welcome love."
"Stella I forgot to tell you. I need you to organise a party for tomorrow at my house here for our wedding announcement for close family and friends." Valentiniau looked at Stella with knowing eyes.
"And you tell me now." She practically went frantic.
"Yes. Sorry." She shook her head, "I'll die before my time."
After half an hour I was peacefully relaxing on our bed and Valentiniau was on conference call with Brandt and Aaiesha.
After he was done with his conversation he came and lied down besides me, pulling me into his arms.
"So, who's Facundo?" he hooked an eyebrow up.
"He's a Spanish boss who has good influence in the ministry, has resources and I need him to deal with me for arms. He is currently talking to Salvator for a favour."
"So if you help him you'd be in business with him and gain contacts in Spain instead of Donzel. So you asked Aaiesha to dig up some shit on him, right?"
"Always so smart and eager for more, is it not?" he sighed shaking his head.
"Well we have lots of shipment coming from Brazil and loads going out in the Asian market. So I need alliances to keep the flow smooth. It's easier to get the package from Brazil via Spain then directly."
"Why, you do have direct access."
"Well it strengthens my hold on different markets and also it keeps me in business with Spain and Brazil together. All happy."
"Who is Facundo's girl who is missing?"
"It's his wife." He held me close and I lay my head on his chest.
"So how can you help, and why is she missing?"
"Why I don't know yet, but I can help him find her I know it." He plays with a loose strand and kisses my head.
"Now don't fret much about Facundo.... I want you're undivided attention." He winks and starts tickling me.
"Stop....Val.... Stop..." I try forming the words.
"OK. Let's have dinner. Come." He said stopping and pulling me out of the bed.
We headed down and had our food and while returning he left to go work in his study whilst I came up showered and fetched my iPod to listen to some music. Sleep drifted over me very soon.
Next morning was hectic. I was whisked away for shopping for the night's party and had to help in preparations. We all reached back again in the evening exhausted.
Stella stayed back with me and helped me get ready. Later Elisa helped with the hair and makeup. By eight we were all ready. Stella had a dark blue of shoulder gown with sequence travelling from her bust to the side of her waist. Elisa wore a peach gown with the slit running from her thighs down and the back bore a V shaped deep cut showing her beautiful porcelain skin.
"You look hot." Elisa whistled.
"So do you and Stella." I bit my lip and tried smiling.
I looked at myself one last time before heading out. Stella and Elisa had selected at blood red strapless gown that fitted on my breast leaving my shoulders bare. The back was a deep V with delicate sequence holding them together. My hair was tied up in a messy bun.
"I look like an escort." I looked at them.
"No you don't. Rather Valentiniau is going to flip in his pants." We all laughed and left the room to head down.
At the end of the steps Valentiniau was waiting for me and his eyes turned dark when he first had a glance of me and walked up and holding my waist, "You look absolutely stunning. But I remember telling you I don't like others to see that's mine. The gown is too sexy."
"Is it Mr. Visconti? I thought you'd love it. I remember well last time you couldn't keep your eyes off me, and I'd like the same now."
"You're a devil."
I shrug and we reach down the stairs.
"Valentiniau," a voice stopped us and we looked towards our right. A man in his early fifties stood there. His tuxedo well fitted and had an arrogance in his voice. His eyes felt somewhat familiar and so did his smile.
"Santino. How are you?" Val held me close as though protecting me from a predator.
"Ah! I'm good since Donzel took over. So how's business?" he smirked at us raising his wine glass.
'This bastard is Rosso's boss. He killed Caitlin.' I felt dizzy with the sudden urge to kill this man.
"Well business is good, but today lets not talk of it. I have held the party for a better reason. So enjoy it." Val smiled calmly and pushed me to walk with him.
"I know it's hard to meet these crack pots, but keep calm.Everything will be fine. All in good time." He whispered into my ear and kissed it.
We greeted many associates and from Italy and Spain and India who were here.
"Capo." Her voice was luring but arrogant at the same time. I felt Val flinch under my arm, swallowing hard. Have you ever just looked at someone, and automatically felt annoyed. Well this was what I felt. She was tall and had a athletic frame, her eyes the colour of deep blue ocean and her skin flawless porcelain.
"Chiara." Val tried maintaining his cool exterior.
"Capo. Congrats, heard you finally moved on." She came forward pecking his cheeks.
"Chiara, I was over your pathetic existence and our lousy relation long back. And the name is Valentiniau or Mr. Visconti. I hope you will remember it."
'Everyone has a limit you bitch.'
"Catherine this is Chiara Salvator."
"Oh is she the elder arrogant one who plays a lovely role of a bitch popping her cherries." She was startled at my description and I relished her face turn stone hard and pale.
"You know better than to introduce me to a low life, Valentiniua." He eyes flashed venom in my direction.
"Well obviously no person in his sane sense would like to meet a trashy bitch like you."
"You are despicable."
"Well I have been called worse. So your attempts are futile sugar." I smirk shrugging at her.
"You..." Val cut her, "Enough Chiara. One I did not invite you to this gathering and two even if you did come without one I will not tolerate your appauling behaviour."
"Run back to your new toy Chiara." I waved her a bye.
The announcement was done and people gathered to congratulate us. We danced and drank wines and finally my legs gave way. So I decided to take a seat and rest. Stella and Elisa stood by me and we chatted about how well Stella organised it in such short time. I saw Chiara approaching us once again.
"What do you want Chiara?" I ask subtly trying to hide my hatred in front of the audience.
"I'm sure we have passed the stage of greeting one another over the weather." Her eyes threw daggers at me. She swung her wine glass and gulped it down in one shot.
"You have no idea who I am. Valentiniau will never love you the way he loves me, and I say loves and not loved; he can never appreciate you. You will be a disgrace to his reputation, he is a very strong man in Italy." Her eyes fashed pure hatred at the moment.
I smile my sweetest and sighed. "The thing is I don't give a damn about what you or anyone else thinks of me, and you see this slight bump in the belly," I shimmy a little, "Well seeing this he'd be very proud."
Stella and Elisa were astonished.
"Oh My GOD!.." Stella whisper yelled.
"You're pregnant... I'll be an aunt." Elisa clapped happily and I smiled at them.
"So you see Val saw everything he wants in a woman in me, and so I'm here knocked up and not you. So I'd say he loved you and not loves you; I hope you know your tenses?" I held back my victorious smile while she had a sheer look of jealously all over her. Before she could react Val walked towards us.
"Val. I have rested enough." I smile at him.
"Ok." He looks at me and Chiara with suspicious eyes.
"Brother," Elisa pulls us towards her, "When were you going to let me know that I am to be an aunt. I'm so happy congtrats..."
"Congrats Valentiniau, I am so happy for both of you. No wonder this shit wants to get marry fast." Stella gave a naughty grin.
"Come on now let us meet the others." Val pulled me away when a caustic voice stopped us, "Won't you introduce me to your bella?" he was the exact copy of Santino, but much younger. I knew it then that it had to be Donzel. He stood there with a girl on his arm. If only she could wear any fewer clothes she might win the nudity contest.
"Bah! Donzel I see you have not left your creepy ways of introduction."
"Catherine please meet Donzel Salvator." I looked up and saw a slight flash of disbelief on his face.
'That's right you dipshit I'm Caitlin's sister, and I'll fuck your brains with my gun one day.'
"Hello." I replied calmly trying to do as Val did.
"Such a pity; that a fine lady like her is placed on your arms." The girl looked at me and made a disgusting face.
"Well to each his own. I guess some people are worth waiting for and some worth cutting from our lives." Valentiniau replied.
"Don't gleam much, I will be back for what you did to Rosso." He said it with all bitterness, tossing his girl away.
"Well, you know better Donzel he fucked with the wrong guy. I gave him a chance but he refused." Donzel ignored him and came close to my other side.
"You will pay for debasing my brother and I will revel in the way you pay." He uttered sliding a finger on my arms and walking past me.
"Donzel," I stopped him and went up to him, and placed a perfect blow on his jaw.
Everyone turned to witness what the sharp noise was about. Donzel was fuming his nostrils were flaring with each breath.
I had wanted to do it since the time I met Satino, for Caitlin, for my father and for me.
"You Bitch. I should have never let you live." And with that I slapped him the second time. Donzel tried grabbing my neck when Valentiniau pulled me and Jenin held Donzel back.
"You will pay for this." He freed himself and pulled his jacket down and walked out.
"You have made a huge mistake, Lady." Santino stepped forward and threw his glass down and followed his son.
"Catherine... you're alright?" Val asked holding my hand.
"Yes. I'm sorry." I look into his eyes they displayed worry.
"No don't be. I'll handle everything. I don't know who invited them. Let's get out of here."
We left the house,Val dialled a number and was waiting desperately for the person to speak on the other side.
"Hi. Thank God you answered. Where are you?"
"Ok. Good. Listen the day I told you I'll be needing you apartment, remember?"
I could hear faint female voice and I started wondering who it could be.
'Aaiesha....or Stella? But both were there with us...so no. who else...'
"Well so now it is. I need it now so I'm going there. You know what to do, right?"
"OK. Thanks. Bye."
I looked at him, "Where are we going?"
"It's a friend's house, its safe. Don't worry." He pulled me into his arm and kissed my forehead.
"Thungggg...." Out of thin air a bullet shot the back of the car and Val started driving faster dodging the bullets.
"Give me a gun." I yelled in panic.
"Under the seat." He pulled his own gun and pulled the window down and shot two times back at them.
"Who are they?" I pulled the gun from under my seat and turned to take cover behind my seat and started firing towards the car behind us.
"Donzel's men." He pulled his phone and dialled.
"Brandt where the fuck are you?"
"I'm with Catherine and there are leeches behind firing quick meet me at the junction."
I fired and my magazine was empty I started reloading it when a four bullets hit the back glass shattering it.
"Catherine quick."
"Patience" I sing song the word as I reload the magazine in his and my gun, "Wait and see."
I start shooting at the car and puncture the tier on the left and break shatter the front glass. I shoot some more blindly, knocking their driver out. The car sways and hits the barricade and slants taking a turn around the axis and BOOMMM....
Within few minutes Jenin is behind us with the rest of the members and Brandt meets us midway at the junction. Val pulls our car to the side and we quickly move with Brandt and one of the members takes our car back home. "What happened?" Brandt asked looking shocked trying to understand the situation.
"Well.." Val sighed, "Catherine slapped Donzel and not just once but twice."
"No shit." Brandt looked at me with surprise.
"Don't look at me, all surprised. That bastard needed it." I pout and Brandt shakes his head turning towards Val. Within twenty minutes we reached the building and were into the apartment. It was a four bedroom condominium with modern styled furnishing. Val ushered me into the room and showed around.
"So now what?" I looked at Val, everyone else had something to do or think besides me.
"Now nothing you stay here while I go deal with Donzel." He said and left me in the room. I followed him out, "What do you mean, 'I go deal with Donzel?’”
It has almost been ten hours since Val has gone to deal with Donzel. Somewhere between these ten hours I have slept, eaten, changed, exercised but mostly worried about when my mobile would flicker with his name.I am cold, annoyed... simply frustrated for not being able to contact him. Every second that passed made me flip slightly towards nonsensical loony. I held the lamp that stylishly sat besides the table at one corner in the living room and smashed it on the wall in front of me. I heard footsteps approach me. I knew they were staring at me.
"What the fuck. Trigger? What happened?" Jenin walks towards me but I do not look up or try responding. I stare at the pieces of lamp that sparkle under the sunlight entering the room from a far end through a window.
"Catherine please stay calm, we all are worried. We are trying to track him down." He held me by my shoulders and tried comforting me.
"Did you track him?" I stared intently at a single large piece that reflected the sunrays in different directions.
"Not yet. Marcino is on it. His mobile signals were tracked last on the outskirts of the city but after I send the team there no one was found."
"Did you track Brandt's?" he pulled back his hands and walks towards the sofa. He sits holding his head in his hands.
"Yes. Same result." He sighed.
'I can't lose him. I won't let anything happen to him. I want him safe, safe in my arms next to me in my bed.'
I looked up whipping the stream of tears flowing down and took a deep breath, since what I was about to say would need the burning of extra oxygen in me.
"So both of them are untraceable that is what you say right?" he looks up and nods.
I look around and see Othello and Dino shaking their heads along to confirm the last bits of doubt if any left.
"Ok. Since Valentiniau and Brandt are both untraceable the next in succession to them is me. So starting from this very moment I need you all to fill me with whatever inputs and Intel's you have on them." Jenin's head shot up and Dino had his mouth hung down.
"Catherine we can not –." Jenin tries to step towards me but I stop him by holding my hand up.
"You can not allow me to take up his position but you have forgotten after him it is me and that he has made clear the day we came here. Either you help me find him or I will find him by myself and drag his ass back home." I stare at each one of the men in the room. They all have a blank look, no idea as to what they are supposed to do.
After few seconds Robert walked towards me and stood by my side, "I'm with her. She is now the Boss, and I want him back."
"What the hell, I might regret this but guess you'd be a damn sexy Boss. Bunny?" Othello winks and follows next to Robert.
Robert smirks and nods at us.
"Count me in too," Marcino walks with a laptop in his hand trying to decode signals.

"Catherine, you don't know him he will not rest till he has his revenge, and after seeing you he.... It's complicated. Just trust me and stay here." He raked his hands through his hair.
"Jenin, Othello, Piero, Michelle and Dino will be here with you. You need anything, and I mean anything even a tampon, you ask them to get it. You do not step out of this house till I am done with Donzel." Checking his gun magazine he reloaded it.
"But -" I tired reasoning out but he stopped me with his mouth. He leaves with Brandt and I'm left thinking and frustrated.
'What do I do with them? I miss Stella and Elisa.'


"Sure. Lead away."
I followed him to the room and he locked the door. I saw a man standing on the left side. He was tall, muscular olive skin. His face rounded with jet black hair and snug nose. His body; tough enough to be envied. Everything about him alarmingly said danger and discretion.
He smiled as we entered and there was a dimple that appeared which gave him a sexy boy look. Overall he had a charming personality but I was not going to judge the book by its cover.
"Catherine, this is Jenin, your Bodyguard and Adviser."


