
The Mysterious Women Series: Blackmail
By Paramita Choudhury
Copyright 2015 Paramita Choudhury
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite eBook retailer to discover other works by this author and kindly encourage your friends to download their own copy. Thank you for your support. 
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter1
Chapter2
Chapter3
Chapter4
Chapter5
Chapter6
Chapter7
Chapter8
Chapter9
Chapter10
Chapter11
Chapter12
Chapter13
Chapter14
Chapter15
Chapter16
Chapter17
Chapter18
Chapter19
Chapter20
Chapter21
Chapter22
Chapter23
Chapter24
About the author
Other books by the author
Find out more about the author’s mysterious ideas

Prologue
The day was more than a little dark when Daniel had called her wanting to meet. She could feel a storm coming up, something that generally didn’t happen to her. Daniel regularly met up with her whenever during their lunch hours. This had turned up to be a usual routine for them after they got engaged ; since they were in different sections so regular meetings were almost impossible and as a  journalist she had to be 24*7 ready for any news. They have been engaged for two years now and yet couldn’t find out time to get married. She must say the problem was mostly because of her, since she got promoted one year ago it has been quite difficult for her to find time for him. He too didn’t seem to be more than enough interested in spending time with her. Whenever he would get free time he spent it mostly with his guy friends as he told her. But today it was something else when he called her; he said he had a surprise for her which he had to give her urgently. "I've something to tell you Sara", Daniel gained composure in the comfy, where he had been sitting for a minute now. Sara smirked "Common spill it, I must hear what you have to say," she said "don't make me so curious". Daniel sighed "Umm actually I was thinking that I shouldn't keep you in dark anymore, I love Anna more than you and I don't think that I can continue with our relationship". She couldn't understand what he was trying to say Anna was his colleague but she had never seen them together, "Daniel nothing funny is going around here, we're engaged for over two years and now you're saying that you can't continue with the relationship"? His silence made her believe him, she had been a strong woman, but the tears forming in her eyes were turning quite heavy to be held back. I can't start crying now, she thought."You know what, I never deserved you, all of my friends asked me not to be with you and I think the situation in which you brought me now", saying this she stopped and started walking towards him with a devilish smile in her face. "You must face it", there she kicked in his crotch with her knee cap. "Ouch, ouch" the man started cursing her. She had a hearty laugh at that and with a blank face, left his apartment. While driving back to her apartment she called Rachel her cousin, and filled her with the ongoing events in her love life. I made a huge mistake, falling in love with Daniel and should immediately sell this apartment and yes, more importantly I have to quit this job.
Then she started thinking about Rachel, how important that woman was in her life. She could never take any decision on her own, though Rachel and Sara were cousins yet they got more closely bonded when Rachel's parents died in a car accident and she came to stay with Sara's family. Since Sara was the only child of her parents so it seemed better for her to get an older sister so close to her. She cried a lot after Rachel's wedding since they were getting apart for the first time in fifteen years. She jumped and hugged her mother when there was an advertisement in the paper regarding a vacancy in one of the leading newspaper company" The Times" and surprisingly her office would be located close to Rachel and her husband's apartment."You can't leave this chance darling can you", her dad said with a smile. The next day she made a CV and a job application and mailed it to the "The Times". After a week she received a mail, which said that the editor wanted to interview her. She was very excited and tensed at the same time because it was one of the leading news paper and she had to make it through that, she had to be appointed there as a senior journalist. Since the interview was to be held in Ohio, so she made arrangements as such that she would reach there an hour earlier and then slowly she can make her way to the head quarters of The Times. After her dinner that night she booked the flight ticket and went to sleep. Next morning she woke up earlier than usual and her mom prepared her coffee and cheese sandwich." So have you made your bag pack ready?" her mom handed her the coffee mug."Yes, mom everything's ready, don't worry", Sara said while taking her seat in the kitchen stool.
After four hours she was sitting in a cab and wondering about how her interview would proceed. She had very little experience as compared to the other individuals who had come there for interview. Initially she worked for a media agency, but that was a local agency and The Times held the second best position in US. Fingers crossed she went inside the Editor's chamber when her name was name was being called. She was quite nervous which was unusual, focus here you can't lose this job Sara, and she reminded herself." So why do you think you are suitable for this job Miss Sara Aaland?" Josephine asked her while sneaking a peek at Sara's face which was sweating by now. "Media is not only a communication medium it's about letting the readers know the truth about what's going on around the world and just spreading gossips which are mostly fake and I think I'm one of those persons who'll make it a point to give their best in digging out the truth from the grave," Sara had regained her composure by now."Well if this is the matter then I don't think it'll be worth to wait even a second to hand you the job," Josephine now had a smile in her face."Sara's face lit up and she nearly jumped from her seat." Darling before you leave you need to fill up this form and submit it in the auditing room", the lady forwarded the papers to Sara. She filled it up in the passage and asked the receptionist about the auditing room. "So, you've been selected, well congratulations and welcome to The Times", she said with a smile that seemed natural, "the auditing room is the last second room in the left from here"."Thanks see you later" Sara told while following the former's directions. Out of excitement she almost ran to the auditing room. "May I come in", she knocked on the door."Yes please", someone answered, it was a male voice. It was here that she met Daniel for the first time. He was a very handsome person, with blonde hair, stubble on the chin, square jaws. He had the physique of a model. He was just fabulous."Actually I've been informed to submit this form here", she told after a long pause. He went through her form" So you've been newly appointed huh, well I'm Daniel Turnbull"."You already know my name, it was nice to meet you," she smiled one of her cheesy smiles."Same here," he replied coldly. "If all the procedures have been completed then I should be able to leave now," she said while standing up."You are allowed to leave only if you promise to have coffee with me tomorrow", he held his hand out. While shaking it she said "deal", allowing no further chances of counter attack she almost ran from the building. Straight away from there she went to Rachel's apartment hoping to surprise her. Knowing her usual routine she could tell that she was home at that time and Neil must have dropped by to have lunch with her. The guards didn't allow her to pass through, the immediately called her and confirmed, she told them to let me in."How are you Mrs. Smith?" she flayed moving inside her spacious apartment."Ah, it's not so funny you know, I'm your sister first and why didn't you tell me that you would be visiting us today?" she quirked. "I wanted to surprise my sweet sister", she brought her into a bear hug. By the next week she bought an apartment close to Rachel's and had turned into good friends with Daniel. Eventually he proposed her and she was so blindly attracted to him that none of his flaws were visible to her. 
Thinking about it now could only bring tears to her eyes, when everything was over between them."So, did talk to the estate agent, what did she say?" Rachel's voice brought me back to the present; she was so lost in my thoughts that she didn't notice her coming in." Yes I did and I've arranged a meeting for the three of us tomorrow. Before you ask me, let me tell you, I'll have shipped my goods to New York by the weekend and then you'll have to handle this apartment's papers", Sara said." Jose is transferring you to their New York branch?" she smirked. "That lady is quite difficult to be convinced, how did you do that?" Rachel had met Sara's boss on an occasion earlier so she knew about her nosy nature." I told her about my break up and how uncomfortable it'll be for me to work with him, she understood my problem", she answered sincerely. Even if I had to agree to her weird plan, I'll accept that. 

Chapter 1
After two years
I need to be quite composed in front of her can't let myself loose, Zack spoke to himself. He was the CEO of Raven Smuts, a man with blue eyes, square jaw, cheek bones prominent which he had acquired traditionally. At 6 feet 3, with jet black hair and golden brown skin he was one of the most eligible bachelors in the corporate world. At 26 he ran a multimillionaire company. Staring at his face in the mirror he smiled She will truly fall for that handsome face of yours. Then another thought hovered over him What if she already has a boyfriend. But he buried the thought immediately and a grin spread in his face because he had the habit of acquiring anything and everything he wanted. Though he was a dominator, yet he couldn't force her, he had to win her love. His phone beeped after a minute and he realized that it was time for him to get ready. After quickly checking the schedule for the day; he got concerned -he had a meeting with the Jenson's who owned one of the biggest make up accessories industry in the US, how am I going to deal with them when I don’t have any of memorandums prepared, his mind shifted back to her again, last week it was because of her that they got the tender, wearing a black business suit when she appeared in front of the shareholders, they couldn’t take their eyes off her, she shouldn't wear the black business suit today, I couldn’t take my eyes off her when she wore it last time and made a fool out of myself in front of everyone when they found me gaping at her. He vowed not to make the same mistake today; I have to control my feelings. After all she is a colleague and it was his rule not to mingle with the colleagues. Keeping these thoughts aside he quickly dressed up in an Armani Grey suit. 
"Ben you know I don't like Spaghetti for breakfast and still" his sentence was cut short due to a phone call from an unknown number which had been disturbing him for more than a year."So, what's your problem now?" Zack asked while taking the call." Man you see I ran out of money again and the sergeant was troubling me, I thought of letting out the truth but "there was laughter on the other side "you can shut my mouth", Zack was trembling with anger and fear; no way could he let out the secret which he had borne for more than five years due to some money sucker."Alright how much do you want?" there was silence before the person spoke up; "umm…$1000 will do for three months", "Ok I will send the money, you tell me the address", all this while Ben had been silently listening to their conversation. He was more of an uncle like figure for Zack and the only family left after his mothers' death, which took place in a car accident which took place ten years back. Ben had been providing his services for the family for 20 years and since then had always been on Zack's side." Why don't you inform the feds about this anonymous person?" Ben asked while serving the spaghetti. But Zack was not ready to face the long question answer sessions which follow soon after he informed the Fed agents" You know I am a business man  and do you know what the paparazzi will make out of all this." Leaving his breakfast in mid-way he said with a frown "I'm late already and I won't tolerate these Italian strings from tomorrow." He decided to drive by himself to the office today. His adrenaline had been pushing up from a long time. Let's see how you make me feel baby; he thought while getting on the Lamborghini which he bought the day before. Zack was attracted to the red color and sleek design of the car. Italian strings may not sound good but they have great taste of cars, his heart still beating hard after the conversation with his blackmailer. He started the car wasting no more time and tuned the mp3 to Lords of Summer by Metallica. This song usually cooled his mind and he could think rationally.
Chapter 2
It's just six months that I have been working for Raven Smuts and twice have I been late for these meetings, I must stop feeding myself with those nasty sleeping pills, and Sara cursed herself while almost running towards the elevators. On her way she greeted a good morning to Rosy, the receptionist who always had a sullen face. Sara often thought why the company recruited such people who didn’t know how to smile. Rosy reminded the former of her next door old lady who lost her cat after her seventieth birthday. Reaching the elevator she pressed the button for the fourteenth floor. The elevator door closed and then opened again she swore a little loud for the intruder to hear her words. He was in a rush, yet entered the elevator with dignity, had an aura around him and could keep his mind cool in public. Their eyes locked for a few seconds but then he straightened himself, he found himself staring at her again like a teenager and turned away from her. An awkward silence lay between them till the fourteenth floor. After they stepped out of the elevator Sara tried to greet him but he didn’t stop to reply, he was totally embarrassed for his act there in the elevator. The man is really a proud jerk, she thought while walking towards her chamber. At her chamber she couldn’t find the schedule for the day, it was then she remembered that the previous day before leaving office she left the brochures as well as the schedules in Zack's chamber. In a state of tension she quickly jostled to his chamber without even knocking and then there was a collision and thud. She fell back with her hands supporting her, trying to protect her head from getting smashed, while Zack fell on the other side.   Both of them got up slowly, Sara held her head between both hands.  She was a few inches shorter than him, her hazel eyes, pouty lips and auburn hair would make any man fall for her. She was just two years his junior but had more patience than him.  Though Zack felt like he had been hit by a stone yet he acted strong. Sara curled her lips to say something but was snapped by Zack" Are you alright Miss Aaland?" checking her hands with a look of concern in his eyes, staring at her big brown eyes. A feeling of chill ran down her and she almost jumped of his touch. Even at 5 feet 8 she seemed much smaller than Zack, her skin turned even paler due to his touch .It was a familiar feeling she got rid of after a lot of sleepless nights and sleep is something I need now. Her mind raced to a similar event when she was in relationship with Daniel once she tippled in the stairs and the latter saved her. She straightened herself, no this is not going to happen anymore especially not with this person, coming back to present. She had no intentions of getting involved with her boss or any of the coworkers. But in front of this man it seemed quite difficult to keep her guards on. "I am perfectly alright Mr.Robenstein; I think we should move towards the board room", she said with a stern look. He immediately sensed the change in her behavior and thought it was better to do whatever she said, later they could take care of her reactions. 
Just then his phone beeped, it was a message from the blackmailer. He sent his bank account number, so this time the money must be transferred to his account, clever one. He sent Sara to the board room and checked out his account. For some reason he knew that the account number belonged to the same bank in which he invested. After pulling out a few strings he found that the blackmailer's account was in the same bank as his. Why would he do that? This person was a cold minded criminal and intended to play with him. But even he could not let the truth out in the world. Now the only thing that seemed right was to transfer the money and he did just that. He had to take care of this person who had been blackmailing him for over a year and if he doesn’t do this soon, later he'll have to lose his reputation as well as Sara. Even if not now, within a month or two I'll make her mine. He had wanted her right from the day he set his eyes on her, the little minx may not have any idea of her wanton and if she does then she was way much better in putting on a mask, with a grin he moved towards the board room. This board room was one of the largest board rooms possessed by the company. It was built under the direction of Zack's father. The man was ambitious much more than Zack; strongly built with green eyes, auburn hair, much like the cow boys of the West California. He was a great visionary, on the initial stage of the company he could say that by the time his son turns CEO of Raven Smuts, he'll be a millionaire. But his death still remains a mystery to everyone. Entering the room reminds Zack of the day when for the first time his father had brought him here."Zack my boy don't think of this company as just an asset, think of it as your God, worship it and most importantly give it your time". Zack could see tears forming in his father's eyes; he had never seen the old man crying. He hugged the person and proudly said" Yes, dad I'll always remember your advice and not for once will I think this place as my income source, I'll cherish it just like you."He couldn't understand why suddenly these memories came to his mind which couldn't lurk in since his father's death. But now was not the time for grief, he had to give his time to the meeting just like his father said, he could not think of himself. 

Chapter 3 
"Good morning, gentleman, I think it's your first meeting with the Raven Smuts and I'm extremely sorry to have had you waiting. Well I think my secretary Miss Aaland must have given you the brochures of the project that we have planned, from our side off course", Zack addressed the meeting with a friendly smile. Looking at the brochure Ryan, the CEO of Jenson's clearly knew that the project from their side had been planned precisely and they were ready to counteract any trouble put in front of them. He was present there with his secretary and lawyer, he raised a question "Everything is alright but why are you interested in a collaboration; I mean what are the probabilities that the project will be successful?"Anyone who hadn't known Ryan enough would think this as a foolish question, but Sara knew Ryan better to understand that he wanted to manipulate Zack's thoughts. Zack was not a vulnerable person either; he knew the way to control the situation, "Mr. Jenson you are one of the best in the corporate world and you know it quite well that business always runs on risk and I'd prefer, you put a penny to this project it seems quite interesting to me."Moreover since both the companies have been rivals for a long time so none of the other opponents would think such a team up is ever possible", Sara had given him the reasons and now the ball was in his court. He turned to face her, his expression unreadable. She had observed this person for a long time to miss any reaction. For a moment both of them kept staring at each other. His strong jaw line, baby blue eyes, blonde hair and a properly worked out body made him a good competitor for Zack. She could still remember the way he was concerned for her when he left town yet she could not make herself listen his moral lessons, but with Zack it was a different thing no matter how hard she tried to ignore him her mind kept on lingering on his thoughts. Now the way Ryan was staring at her she felt like he would grill her later about Raven Smuts.  Although Ryan was a friend yet she couldn’t let him know of the company's secrets, it will only be her treachery to Zack.  The man himself was busy thinking about her until he saw her staring at Ryan with great intensity, suddenly an eerie jealousy irked in him; he had to break her silent gestures, so he elbowed her. She felt the dream world converting back to the boardroom where she had been sitting close to Zack, yet so far from him.  He shoved a file towards her while she seated herself properly; the file fell from her hands as she took it absent mindedly." I'm sorry Mr.Robenstein", she said "here let me pick it up"." I would like you to go through this record of Jenson's last year sales "he pointed while she picked up the file. She nodded curtly but didn’t reply lest she should make some other mistake.
While Ryan and his men were busy discussing Sara handed the file back to Zack" They had done a great job last year , making it to top of the sales report", she whispered to the latter, who nodded. "I think I would like to collaborate with Raven Smuts for the next project," Ryan finally said."I'm looking forward to a dinner with you tonight Mr. Robenstein and would be glad if your secretary joins us as well". This guy is unpredictable, Zack smiled while signing the agreements  "Umm... a beautiful lady can always be a good acquaintance," Zack kept his eyes at her who was still busy going through the files, today the blue suit that she had worn  showed off a few curves but in a decent way. Her hair had been tied to a ponytail, to the length of her shoulders. How she mesmerizes me every time I see her. "Miss Aaland I would like you to bring us some coffee" he said "as we're likely to conclude the meeting here" still in the dreamy state. "Alright sir," she moved towards the board room door and literally ran to the elevator to reach the canteen which was in the 2nd floor. She found Michelle standing there brewing her coffee, they had been very close to each other for the last two months, after Mitchell had lost a few important files and Sara helped her cover up. "So how was the meeting", Michelle asked while sipping the cold coffee. "Well it's not over yet I'm here to serve them coffee", Sara brewed her coffee."You know it's great that the company has its own coffee maker", while taking a sip of her own cup" otherwise I would have to run blocks to the star bucks."Fill me with details during lunch," Michelle grinned "here take this tray you can't handle all these cups alone, unless you have six hands." Thanks for this, I got to run now", Sara placed the cups on the tray and made her way back.
When it was lunch time she checked her phone to see  5 missed calls; one from her mom, one from Ryan which she knew he would do the moment he glanced back at her while leaving the board room, the rest two  were from some other acquaintance  and the last one from Michelle' the penny-pincher' who never spends a penny to call people, she must have been waiting for quite sometime, as she was about to put her phone back into the bag her phone beeped, it  was a message from Zack-Meet me at my cabin immediately, there  are some important matters to be discussed-Z .She sent Michelle a message asking her to wait for a few more minutes and headed towards her boss's chamber. She laughed at the thought of Michelle's fury as the latter read her message.  

Chapter 4
When she knocked on his chamber door it opened without her needing to turn the knob. She looked unsure of what he would ask her after the morning incident, he took a quick glance while she stared at the huge glass panes through which New York looked more like movie sight "Please have a seat Miss Aaland" he was getting a sales report on the latest dresses from the head executive of the sales department. Zack himself was not a designer but the company sold designer dresses under their brand name 'Raven Smuts', huge collection of women wear and men's wear; "Mr. Jenson wants to have dinner with me tonight", he said after Richard left the two alone. She raised a brow, why are you telling me that? , with his experienced eyes, he saw the abrupt change in her expression." He wants to see you there", his eyes still on her as if piercing out her skin " do you have proper dresses for dinner parties?" this time she frowned , much better dresses than the girls who move in your arms perhaps" Yes, sir don’t worry about that" she answered. "I'll pick you at 7pm sharp and you may leave now", he stated. She left his chamber immediately and went to the lobby where Michelle had been pacing furiously for the past forty five minutes.
"So, how was it?" Michelle asked out of curiosity, the woman had almost cooled down by the time they reached the luncheon; it was one block from their office complex. Sara took the seat close next to Michelle "How was what?" "C'mon don’t act like you don’t know anything", she giggled. "What, it isn't funny", Sara scowled "Ryan asked me for dinner tonight". "Let me order the lunch first", Michelle's eyes glued to the menu," I'm starving like a pig", "you always do", Sara chuckled; "alright what would you like?" "Hamburger" Sara said looking towards a couple holding their hands. They probably were in their late twenties." Did he ask himself, did he approach you?" Michelle relaxed in her chair. Still looking towards the couple "not exactly, he sent a word through Zack, it’s a business dinner". Sara furrowed her brows "What's the matter"? Mitchell asked observing the change in her friend's expression."You see the couple over there", Michelle could see a couple  who were sitting in the last corner of the restaurant," I've seen that guy somewhere", the girls face was hidden from Mitchell's sight of view, but as much as she tried her friend couldn’t remember the guy. Finally when she stopped battling with her memory, she started eating the hams "Alright, let's drop this topic "; she said "I can't let my friend throw hams at me out of anger"."I'd never dare that Sara". Sara smiled at this "before we have any of our odd conversations again, I must say I don’t have proper dinner clothes and there's no time for shopping". "Well, you can always count on me for times like this"; Michelle said "you know I'm a shopaholic"."You must be because you are paid highly for that", Sara joked. "Oh really," she said" then you should have more of those designer wardrobes ". Sara very well understood the hidden meaning "You are funny sometimes", she laughed smugly. Michelle's design branded mind had already thought of a dress which would suit Sara perfectly."I've a green strapless dress which reveals your back and there are stones set all over it and it doesn’t fit me anymore. Since you have a perfect figure so I'm sure it will fit you well". "I'll visit your apartment on my way home", Sara said "hope it fits me".
Chapter 5
The day had been totally hectic for Sara, first of all when she collided with Zack it threw her off guard; her head throbbed like it hit a rock. The man had a strong built and yet he was so handsome. Then the meeting with her so called brother who might try to filter out information about her, she's not worried about the company because Ryan has always been legal when it comes to business, but the guy can't mind his own business when it comes to her love life. And now to top it all there's this dinner. The activities the of day may have been tiresome, but the night was sure to absorb all her energy .There's no way I'm going to let him get into my skin, let alone fall for him .Since she had a dinner to attend so she took an early leave tonight. It was a short drive from her office to Michelle's apartment. The door man allowed her access to the apartment. The elevator took her to the fourth floor and there she was standing by the door for her friend to open it, "Here you are," Michelle opened the door for Sara and walked to the living room. She noticed that the apartment's interiors were redesigned. Michelle had already given her a tour of her place previously, so she knew that her apartment was larger than her own .Her apartment had two balconies three bedrooms and a large patio, where as Sara's one had one balcony, a smaller patio and a small bedroom. That woman had some real exotic taste.  "Want a drink or coffee" Mitchell loved preparing exotic cocktails, but was as, much lazy when it came to preparing" Coffee" help yourself I'll be back in a minute". Sara was already familiar with floor plan so she went to the kitchen and brewed herself some black coffee after and returned back with the coffee to the living room, comforting herself in the couch; she sat there and checked her phone for the missed calls and messages. There were no missed calls, only a message from Zack: Get ready by 7, don’t be late- Z. This guy has his way in everything. "This is the dress that I've been talking about" Michelle handed her the dress. Sara took a quick look of the dress" I hope it fits". "It'll definitely fit" she said "I bought it during my fitness days. Sara took the dress "and now you look perfect to be a sumo wrestler’s wife". Her friend pretended to   glare at her but couldn’t keep it up for long and her lips curved into a smile" Can you stop being a teasy-weasy and think about yourself for a moment" Sara knew a long lecture was on its way so she started planning a strategy for the dinner meeting "Don't be hard on him", Michelle said "I know he likes you but it'll only take some time to admit".  Sara gritted her teeth to avoid scowling; I wish he would hate me as much as I do." Ok honey, thanks for this", she said "I really got to go now"."I didn’t realize you were getting late", the other woman said, "I need to hear from you tomorrow". Sara left in a hurry and it was only when she got out of her that car she noticed a scratch on her windshield.
Must have thought I'm the bait, I'll deal with this tomorrow. Her apartment was located in a much remote locality than Michelle's so it was difficult for people to follow up there, but someone must be following her for sure. For now I must put that thought aside otherwise not even my gun can save me from Zack's fury. 
After entering her apartment the first thing she did was throw the dress and her purse in the bed and run towards the bathroom, within 15 minutes she was done showering. I can create a record with this if nothing else, she smiled sheepishly. She quickly put on the dress, dabbed on some make up and then turned around in front of the huge dressing mirror which her mother had brought for her during their vacation in Jordan. Thrilled by the image that she saw in the mirror, it occurred to her that the dress was too revealing so she found a sea green stall matching with dress to cover her but there was something missing with the perfect dress. A look in the mirror fixed that up. She had found the necklace set that Rachel had given her on her 20th birthday. Now everything looks good. She generally didn’t have enough time to go for parties so hair styling was not her cup of tea. YouTube does come in handy for times like this; she searched for a style matching parties and finally got set for a French ponytail. As she was done twisting her already wavy hair into smaller curls, her doorbell rang. Since the apartment complex belonged to the times of Lincoln it was still old fashioned, reminding them of the ole days when robbery was no-man's-business.
"You are one of a kind" she smiled; while opening the door for him, he looked drop dead handsome in his blue suit. God help me maintain composure." What makes you think so?" he grinned. "Punctual as always ", she said."I wouldn’t be making millions if I didn’t value time", he said "Now c'mon we're late already". She was about to say something but decided against it. On their way towards the parking lot he had to stick his ear to the iphone to prevent gaping at her. She must think me to be a coward; for once I haven’t complimented her beauty. They stopped in front of a red Chevrolet Corvett. He opened the passenger's door for her, holding her hand all the while. Then he got on the driver's seat and went off.  "So which restaurant did you say we're going?" she asked flickering outside. He turn towards her" It’s a New Mexican Restaurant called Roca de Reyes". She now turned towards him; she could feel the pit of her stomach burning after she heard of the restaurant. Fact is that she couldn’t suit herself with Mexican dishes; they just left her with stomach troubles. Here she had no choice, not that she couldn’t decline the offer, but now it was too late. When she didn’t say anything Zack continued, "The restaurant was completely Ryan's choice he said he preferred Mexican to Italian". "I know ", she blurted absent mindedly. Oh no. Zack looked suspicious" How do you know?" With an innocent face she replied "I read in a tabloid". Now it was his turn to give the cold look" Well I didn’t know that you were interested in tabloids". Acting defiantly "for god's sake I'm not a country bumpkin Mr. Robenstein" she said "I need to keep myself updated with the latest affairs otherwise you would never mind firing me". He let out a low rumble, apparently she laughed as well whole heartedly after a year full of grief.
Chapter 6
Has she been this tough always, never allowing a soul to understand her? May be her job is the main reason behind all this that she prefers living in the cocoon. Ryan had been thinking about Sara since he returned from the meeting. Though he was exhausted yet his mind lingered over her. She was really a special creature. He was a close friend of Rachel's and would be her husband if she wouldn't have married Nick. That devil he stole her from me. The last time he met her was before Rachel's wedding, Sara had somehow managed to bring her out to see him. She knew he loved her and would prove to be an efficient husband if given the chance. But Rachel was so blindly in love with Nick that no one stood better than him in her eyes. Both the sisters had stark contrasting features. Rachel had blonde hair, blue eyes; her skin was paler than Sara's, she was wilder than her sister. He loved everything about her especially when she turned angry, she looked much more beautiful. His father was a client of Sara's father who owned a law firm. But the family was much closer than it seemed, Ryan's and Sara's mothers were college friends so they often visited each other. Those days Rachel used to visit Sara and her family only during her vacations but after her parent's death when Sara's father decided to bring her in permanently it only made him happier. Now he could spend much more time with her. He was a year older than Rachel and four years older than Sara. Three of them went to the same school and after high school when Rachel wanted to study law he encouraged her. She went to study law in Philadelphia and went to NYU but the distance never changed their relation. After he graduated he waited one more year to propose her. He can still remember the day he took her to a Mexican restaurant and presented the ring. She looked surprised, "We're only friends Ryan and I don’t want anything more." When he asked her if she was seeing someone else she didn’t answer and left the restaurant.  Later that day when he asked Sara she said Rachel was still single. Then he thought maybe she didn't like him. But she is totally comfortable with me. Maybe she needs time to understand me. So he gave her time, for one year he waited and in between he tried every possible way to impress her. It was only the last time they met did she tell him that she was secretly seeing Nick and she had already proposed Nick before Ryan proposed her and she was waiting for his answer all this while. He felt a sting in his chest.
Today when he met Sara he thought of asking her about Rachel but then decided against it. Sara was a sister like figure for him. A very sweet creature meant to be loved, god save her from all the troubles. Unlike Rachel, Sara was always confined to herself. During high school she never gave any boy a chance. He found her a total mystery the cold looks that she gave proved that. She never showed her feelings; maybe the girl hides her pain. A knock on the door brought him to the present state. Bruno came in "Boss we should better leave for the dinner lest we be late." Bruno was his bodyguard; the guy was a real muscle man. He served in the army three years before Ryan appointed him. He was of Irish decent but staying in US for more than 40 years had changed his accent. The person was very loyal and dependable, so Ryan paid him double than what he paid the other staff. "I'm ready, I'll drive by myself, ask Tom to visit his mom if he wants" Ryan said. Jeremy was another of Ryan's staff he was a young African-American. The boy called himself Jr. Michael Jackson though there was nothing familiar in between them except they were from the same state. He had been working for Ryan for two years and had earned a place in the business by now.
Chapter 7
Ryan had arrived earlier to play the host He couldn’t help but get annoyed at his guests timing they were late than the given time. How can this people be so late? It must have been for Sara, women always take time in dressing up. God if she doesn’t come I'll hate myself for making up this plan.  Just then he saw the assigned waitress directing them towards the booked table "You are looking like a princess Miss Aaland", Ryan said while holding out a chair for her. He could hear a low growl and instantly knew of Zack's possessive for her. He had already known of this possible affair when he saw the guy staring at her during their meeting while she delivered most of their answers. Thinking of Zack's chances with his sister he could do nothing except playing with the tycoon's ego. Why not continue the drama of wooing her a little longer. "Miss Aland I hope you don’t mind my asking this but is a beautiful lady like you working in the corporate section instead of working your way out in modeling ", he winked. She sighed "Modeling needs confidence and I have to gravely state that I very much lack in that part". Bro how can you be playing games right now, she narrowed her brows. "And I totally support her decision", Zack played the cool one. His don’t mess with me attitude being hit properly for the first time. While the gentleman tried striking each other's wits her trained eyes took in the view of the entire restaurant. It clearly gave a Mexican aura; the walls had Inca carvings and portraits of native Mexican. After some time when the waiter dressed in tails came to take their order. What's your special today? Zack asked while taking a look at the menu. "Carne Asada sir", the waiter replied.  "Alambras, Carne asada, Chongos zamaranos for me", he said, "What would you like to have Mr. Jenson?"Guacamole and Enchiladas Verdes" he said. Sara ordered Caldode Pollo and Chongos zamaranos for her. After the waiter had left, their discussion mainly centered on their new project and soon Ryan found it interesting that he and Zack had many similarities in their business policies. Well he is not so hot headed after all.
When the dinner was served Zack found it deliberately tasty, "the food is really one of the most delicious that I've ever tasted", he said "obviously second best to my mama's donuts". Ryan chuckled at this and Sara found herself laughing heartily after a long time, every passing moment  he is getting closer to my heart Lord help me. It also reminded of her mother, Mrs. Karen Aaland who said befriend a guy who knows your heart pretty well, but love the person who knows you pretty well. It suddenly struck him that the person sitting beside him still addressed him so formally "Call me Ryan", Ryan said calmly while taking the last bite of his Chongos. After having signed on the agreement and almost finishing up dinner we should be going on first name basis".  "As you wish Ryan ", Zack said "I am really in love with these dishes specially the Chongos zamaranos". Sara was stunned at how clearly he pronounced the name of the dessert. She had been with Ryan to many of his parties, most of which he hosted in Mexican themes yet she stumbled while saying the names. This man is talented. "The fact is my maternal grandmother was Mexican and it is her recipe of making Chongos that we apply in this restaurant", Ryan stated while rubbing his hands in the napkin." That means she was a great cook", Zack had not finished his dinner yet." Indeed". "I think I'll have to include a Mexican dish during my meals everyday", Zack winked at her "I'll take care of that Mr. Robenstein". "Ah appetite reminds of me you Miss. Aaland", Ryan indicated, and "you have very low appetite". Sara frowned at this, why he is teasing me when he knows I hate Mexican dishes. She quickly hid her feelings turned her face towards Ryan giving him a poker face you wretched creature was what she wanted to say instead she said "I have this incorrigible habit of maintaining a low calorie diet, sir". There must really be a connection between these two, Zack wondered. So he changed the conversation" Ryan do you own this restaurant". "Oh yes, Zack this is the first own in my chain of Rosa de Reyes." "No, doubt at that", Zack smiled. 
Sara occupied in her own thoughts, was mostly silent during the conversation, only at times answering a question or two asked by either of her male companions .Sincere as he was, Zack couldn't help but steal glances of her during the conversation. Her expression changed from delight to considerate, as if she had seen someone. He turned his eyes to her point of vision but could not see any known person. While they continued their discussion regarding the launch of a few media commercials which would publicize their joint venture, she excused herself and almost sprinted to the washroom.  When he was alone with Zack, Ryan grilled Zack "So for how many years has she been working for you?"  Zack had that unpredictable expression which could confuse anyone. At one moment he acts like the Romeo and the next he's the devil. "Two months at the most". "Do you think she has been feeling sick recently"? Zack asked him before he could throw anymore queries. "She perfectly well to me to be able to sprint", Ryan chuckled "She's a unique piece seen rarely"."How long have you known her "? Zack took him by surprise "longer than you can imagine", the other person's face turning red out of rage. Ryan could only laugh at Zack's act of jealousy, yet remained calm "Don’t get furious, she's only my sister". Then he told him about their childhood together, omitting the part of Rachel, he told the latter everything his sister.
In the washroom she couldn’t find the lady who rushed before her. She suspected the lady to be the same one she had seen in the restaurant with the electrical supervisor, yes the guy was a supervisor and she had seen him with Richard in their Office complex. But she couldn’t grasp the girl. I should return back to them, they must have turned weary thinking of me. While retrieving her seat she turned towards the table where the couples sat few minutes earlier, the table was empty now. "You look disturbed, what's the matter"? Zack revived her to the present state, she met Ryan's eyes who seemed to keen about the matter in hand. Both her male companions kept on grilling her unless she said that she felt sick and wanted to return back to her place as soon as possible. Zack wasn’t much convinced at first but agreed to drop her due to the Oscar winning head ache act presented by her and thanks to her over conscious brother who made it difficult for the former to investigate the case any further. 

Chapter 8
"You have got to be kidding man", Lucie spoke "how could someone resist you?" Laney rolled his eyes at her statement, causing her to chuckle "Don't worry you are still the most handsome person for me". Laney and Zack were best friends from primary school they were together till high school. Zack's parents were well acquainted with Laney's so Laney spent most of his summer holidays along with Zack's family at their ranch located near Brooklyn. After passing out high school Laney decided to join the US Marine services, there he met Lucie the love of his life. She was a medical officer. They got closer during his long stay in Iraq where he was shot directly in between his eyes. She saved him from hell and brought him to a state of joy. Thereafter they dated for more six months and waited to get married until Laney took voluntary retirement. She joined a local hospital near Brooklyn and he bought Zack's ranch, off course at half the market value; where both of them started their new life. Now they were on a vacation in the Caribbean and asked Zack to join them. Indirectly it was a request from Ben so that he could take some break in his life and enjoy it. Since Zack would never listen to his uncle cum housekeeper, the only way to divert him was through his friend. It's been two days since he met Sara and he knew he was missing her. He had his share of girlfriends but never had it occurred to him that he couldn’t stop thinking about a girl, who would haunt his dreams regularly and yet she was just his secretary. Laney had known his friend for a long period of time; he never disclosed anything about the girls he was seeing, the truth was most of the time he forgot their names right after the first date. This was indeed the first time he found Zack babbling about a girl. He never had any problem getting women he wanted; they practically fell for him, well may be not for love but his wealth or his extended connections to the fashion industry. Though he was not hard to look at but this woman somehow refused to go along with his proposal. Yes, that must be the reason for his outspokenness. He chuckled while thinking of his friend's awkward situation. Zack frowned "What's so funny about it?" he said "the cruise is already making me sick", besides I didn’t even inform her about this, out of the growing tension Zack had spoken his thoughts too loud. Now, Lucie joined her husband in his previous action." Neither of you are making it easy", annoyed at his friends', he yelled at them and started walking away. Laney and Lucie glanced at each other exchanging silent promises. Laney took steps towards his friend" Hey, Zack wait, listen you've got a serious problem man." Zack turned to see his friend standing next to him" Pray make it clear for me". "Well it seems my dear friend that you're truly in love with this girl". Zack quirked his brow "You're jesting again. He searched Laney's face for any sign of mischief, but couldn’t find any. "What makes you think that I can fall for someone?" Laney chuckled at his friend's innocent question" You are not a kiss- and- tell kind of person Zack"; he said" if someone like you speaks now and then about a girl that means she has affected your senses". This cruise was truly proving to be the most stupid idea for Zack, you are in love yeah he smiled sarcastically. This is childish infatuation, but I'm no child to be infatuated by her.
"How are you doing these days without the handsome hunk?" Sara rolled her eyes, "I don't know I already miss him a lot", she replied sarcastically. Michelle was annoyed at this point, for one she didn't give the details of the day she went out with Zack and now the boss is out partying but the latter says she knows nothing of it. "Alright tell me at least where is he partying without you?" She shuddered at the thought of him celebrating with a model in his arms; she had seen the type of women he dated. In every event a new woman would be clinging to his arms obligatorily a blonde, she was not blonde nor was she skinny she had curves at the right places. His presence affected her thoughts and each moment she reminded herself don’t let him get to your skin yet why was she sad due to his absence," I don’t know", she replied. Michelle couldn't believe this "you are his secretary and the one person who should know his whereabouts ". Sara was really touched by her friend's concern for her I wish I could say you everything" He doesn’t like sharing his personal life with his secretary Michelle". This was the chance for Michelle to prove her point" you are not just someone Sara, you are special, remember you were the one he invited to the dinner". "Oh my you are taking the dinner thing far too seriously, aren't you"? Her lips twitching to a smile "he did that because Ryan requested", "and why would Ryan make such an odd request", Michelle snapped. Sara was in a dilemma should I tell her the truth, no it's not time yet."I don’t know my dear unless I'm not sure", she said "now would you please make your way towards your chamber, I don’t want us to be sitting here till dawn." Alright I'm leaving for now, but this isn’t over yet", Michelle grinned as she made her way towards the door. This woman can fume up a saint. 
Chapter 9
The cruise was meant for pleasure and he wanted to surprise his best friends with a trip to the Caribbean. But since they insisted so he had to tag along with them. He couldn't sleep properly those days, everyday he dreamt of Sara. It seemed that they were about to get married he stood in the altar waiting for her. She slowly walked towards him wearing a white gown and holding a bouquet. He completed his vows, but usually when it was her turn to say "I do", she would run away from, he could not stop her even if he wanted. This proved to be quite disturbing for now he almost avoided her whenever possible. One of the worst nightmares he ever had after his parents' death. When he discussed this with Laney and Lucie they joked about it; they thought he was being too much of love sick. So they cut their trip short and returned home. The reason that she was his secretary left him with him with no choice but to talk to her whenever they needed his approval in any of the designs. He felt a pang of guilt in his chest but this was the best possible way for both of them to get over with the game of infatuation.
"What are you planning to wear on his birthday?"Mary asked Tania. "I thought of a black lacy dress with a few silver stones embedded on it". Sara was preoccupied with thoughts regarding Zack, Why did he suddenly disappear and then after arrival for over a week he hasn’t been talking to me   properly. What's going on with this guy? "Sara here you are" Tania stopped her "Could you please tell us Mr. Robenstein's favorite color". She was startled by her coworker's sudden query about Zack’s favorite color, if they keep on bunking like this I’ll have to  ask Zack  about transferring them to the cover design section, coming back to the question "actually I don’t know, but you could check the tabloids", "We checked everywhere, but he never mentioned anywhere about it", Mary said. "She was getting irritated now, she knew they would wear any sort of  dress just to impress him, he would like you both in a two piece red bikini, was what she wanted to say, instead she replied "I think he has no such color as favorite."You mean we wear anything he'll like it". Between gritted teeth she replied "yes sweetheart he'll love it". She had to calm her nerves now and the only person who could help her was Michelle, "Well I think I should get back to work now", she said. "Oh we should get back as well see you soon and thanks for your help", said Tania. She immediately went to Michelle's cubicle where her friend was busy with overloaded files on her desk. Michelle looked at her with green eyes and smiled "What is it that brings you here?" "Just a little stressed", Sara replied. Michelle's smile now turned to a mischievous one "stressed as to preparing for Zack's birthday party?" this was not something she was prepared for "when is his birthday?" Now it was her friend's turn to be confused" the next Tuesday" .This explains everything, her thoughts too loud for someone else to hear "explains what", her friend got even more confused. She told her friend about her encounter with Mary and Tiana and how excited they were about their dress. Michelle laughed out loud" I'm sure Zack must have never noticed these bimbos otherwise he would have them fired already. Then suddenly her mood changed and she became thoughtful "If it's not the party then why are you so tensed?" Sara knew how to handle this without letting the cat out of the bag "Oh Zack has just told me to supervise the cover design area", the other woman looked stunned "you know about the new magazine that the company is about to launch next month", Michelle nodded her head. "Well he told me to be the lead editor for the covers". Now her friend seemed relaxed" It really is a stressful job", she said "but if you need any help while preparing for the celebrations, count on me", and Sara smiled "I will always need you."
Chapter 10
Five minutes before her conversation with Mary and Tiana she got a phone call from a person she dreaded the most hell not now she murmured before answering the call " So, did you get hold of something", a husky feminine voice from the other side spoke, "I'm sorry to disappoint you", she said, "nothing till date, everything seems to be going well". The woman on the other side laughed at her statement, she knew this was an old trick of Sara to keep secrets to herself unless she uncovered the whole ploy, she won't open up "I'm too old a bird to be caught by chaff sweet heart". Sara giggled like a child "just so you may know the pot gets unlocked before the given timeline", "so you say" the other woman replied. "I do mam, by the way did you by any chance come to know of the individual who made the dent on my car", Sara asked. "It will be soon taken care of" and the call ended.  Now the smile plastered on her face was not because of Michelle's assurance instead it was for Zack's birthday which gave her the idea to save her time. But preparing for Zack's birthday was not an easy task, he was a billionaire, he was the centre of media's focus. It had to be one of the biggest events for the year. She will need Michelle for sure but she'll also need help from his friends as well as her closest friend alive, Ryan. He was good at managing such events and would do anything to help his squeak. 
Meanwhile, Zack was getting an update on his new joint venture with Ryan. They were having one of those video conferences where one has no time for anything except business, while updating Ryan about a few surveys that his employees had done  his phone started vibrating .It was from an unknown number , something in his mind told him that it was from the blackmailer. The person always used satellite phones and his number could not be traced. He excused himself from Ryan" sorry to intervene but it's important", he said before receiving the call, Ryan nodded. Raven Smuts dealt with women dresses and shoes while Jenson's dealt with cosmetic products. When these two companies decided to work together on a new project, where a model would dress on garments from Raven Smuts and cosmetics from Jenson's in the upcoming Paris Fashion Week the gossip magazines took it a chance of talking nineteen to the dozens. This would was a huge profit for both the companies. As soon as this news leaked from the board room it spread like wild fire. Well news in fashion world is itself like a meteorite moving in its highest recorded speed. There was a controversial introspection among the critics and celebrities; none could ever think that the two biggest business rivals could ever work together. Obviously, this wouldn't have been true a few years ago when their fathers started their own companies; the old men were stubborn and couldn't possibly think of sharing their profits. But now business partially depends on popularity, fame along with quality, intellect and dedication." The more media publicizes or criticizes you the more your business gets growing" Ryan had once stated during a press meet. People from every corner should know about your company that's what he thought, it would be even more possible if he and Zack worked together. Speaking about Zack, where is this guy?
 I have to try and find out more about this rogue as soon as possible "How are you?"the caller went silent for a minute "not much good", Zack chuckled well for you "let me come to the point", he said" I need more money and it's very urgent."I should play along "you know what I envy you", Zack said while hiding his curiosity, he must end this game soon, "What"? The other person stumbled "Well you know the way you keep on asking money from me and still never get caught". From the background he could hear sounds of honk of ship horn if only he could find out the location, somewhere near the dock" next Tuesday around 6pm and make it $7k this time", the blackmailer spoke in a hurry and almost out of breath before the call went dead. Zack could hear the sound of train's whistle in the background. The briefcase containing the money had to be dumped near a junkyard of Little China. Only if I could join the missing links, there would be a way out. There was no way he would suffer any longer. A beep sound from his laptop reminded him of Ryan who had been still waiting.
Chapter 11
Finally, the week is over and I got some time for myself. This was a real busy week. Sara planned to finish most of the week's undone household chores on Sunday, with little time for the church she considered herself an atheist. Today she would clean her laundry, kitchen and reset some of the furniture in the foyer. Let me start with the kitchen it will consume most of my time, then I'll get on with the furniture and lastly with laundry. Yes, Seems to be a good idea. By the time she finished her laundry and headed towards shower her stomach started rumbling. The hunger is eating the crap out of me. "The potential of a cold shower is better than nothing in summer days like this" she said to herself. While coming out of shower she started singing Bryan Adam's "The summer of 69". He was one of her favorite and she never missed his concerts in Boston. While she went to the kitchen to prepare some pasta she heard her phone ringing, before she could reach the line had cut and there was a message from Michelle. When are you coming?  We're waiting-M.Geez, I totally forgot about this; well there goes a leisurely weekend. She picked up a yellow sundress and matching pair of slippers. While driving towards the restaurant she recalled how excited Michelle was about this whole stuff "Mitch you don’t have to do this if you don’t want ".Her friend almost yelled at her in an excited voice" are you crazy", Sara looked confused " even if you didn't ask me I would have helped you and why didn’t you tell me earlier that Ryan Jenson is your brother, Oh god I'm so lucky, thank you so much sweet heart for you I get to be a part of this, geez I'm babbling". When she finally stopped Sara hugged her "some things are better as surprise". Pondering over her conversation she thought from where you got this philosophical thing Sara. While dressing up she recollected Michelle's message it said "we are waiting" this means she must be with Ryan, but they don’t know each other.  Hurry up Sara, by the time she got on her car a smile tugged on her lips, Michelle must have eaten the hell out of him due to her speech capability.
Lucie it's Zack's birthday next week," her husband cut a piece from the still warm  apple pie, " so you were wondering what to gift him", she smiled."Why can't you wait sometime Laney", she said "the pie is still too hot to be tasted". "Okay but answer my question first", he took out a bottle of beer from the fridge while she prepared some chicken salad."How do you always read my mind", she dropped the knife which she used while chopping lettuces and appeared thoughtful for a while" it's mutual bonding my love". He looked stunned and then started laughing" you express it quite seriously, don’t you"? Now she pouted her lips and crossed her arms "I was serious anyways...umm I'm trying to remember the last time your pineapple cookies tasted so well", his brows creased" how did you get them, I put them in the container", while inspecting the tray which were once filled with cookies and now only five are left. "Wait a minute you said you prepared this afternoon, oh gosh", she put her hand on her head" Where's Willy, he did this "."Willy, Willy", they screamed in unison. Both of them went looking for their son.
Chapter 12
After almost an hour of driving her car Sara reached the diner. It was Michelle's idea to meet in a diner far from the city and this one seemed to be a good option, here people were least bothered about the corporate and fashion world, so they could sit and have their discussion as common people without posing for the paparazzi. While parking her car she spotted a liquor store beside which a few bikers were brawling over something. While entering the diner she heard a scream followed by someone yelling at the top of his voice. It shouldn't be who I think it is she prayed silently but the deed was already done. Ryan is yelling at someone, who is it? She went a little closer to the audience which was now interestingly watching the argument like some soap. Oh no, by now she had reached their table and could peek enough to notice that her brother was cursing  Michelle and the lady glared at him, almost ready put in another scream or hit him with her fork which she held in her right hand, with her left she was dabbing her handkerchief on her now spoilt mascara. Sara now stood facing Ryan, who was not the least concerned that he had gathered all the customers with his curses, even the manager stood there watching the CEO of Jenson's yelling and cursing at a raging lady. Sara could see Michelle's eyes and face were moist, may be her friend could not control her tears. But who could with this hooligan standing in front of her. She never thought that her brother whom she thought was the most patient person could be such a buffoon. Today he looked totally out of place the only person sitting here with a designer suit on and screaming like a drunken brawler, similar to the ones she had seen a few minutes back.  When he was exhausted and stopped his string of colorful words, she said to the amazed audience" I think the show has come to an end". Everyone went to their respective business and murmurs could be heard from every corner. "I'm sorry for being so late she said while taking a seat near Michelle. When neither of them spoke she decided to dig out the matter. She knew it would be useless to ask her brother about it, confronting her friend would be better. "I know it can be quite insolent when you become the subject of selective adjectives as my brother used, but please don't waste your tears for that ". Suddenly, a baffled Michelle turned to face her" I'm not crying , your generous brother threw wine on my face," Sara's stomach seemed to burst out with laughter ,but she had to control, now with an even softer tone she asked" what did you do to receive such treatment?" "I threw pastry at him", her friend replied coldly. Great I'm in a carnival where these two compete on throwing   food items at each other, the best thrower wins. Now as she noticed some amount of cream was still stuck in Ryan's tie must have been from the pastry "why did you do that, I mean throw pastry?" "He called me scandalous", finally someone spoke the truth, she gave out a commiserating laugh" I don't think anything's funny here", Ryan said in a calm way, "anyone who insults Mexican food has to be scandalous", he said "only those who can't feel the richness of culture hate Mexican ", both ladies nodded in agreement truly spoken. Now that Sara knew the reason she needed to hear the complete story" I need to hear everything, please fill me in", her friend immediately recognized the tone, this was the same way she spoke to Sara whenever she smelled something fishy" actually Ryan came here exactly on time and he had been for us about half an hour when I reached, I asked the manager to show the table which I had booked and since Ryan is a familiar face", Sara's brow furrowed "I have seen him on tabloids ", Sara was smiling again on her friends poor humoring attempts, he can't be convinced so easily. To ensure herself she glanced at him, whose face was unreadable by now, Michelle continued" I introduced myself first and he asked me regarding my position in Raven Smuts, then called you, you seemed to forget about the meeting so I thought you would be late, we started talking", she rubbed her face with a Napkin "Actually I started chattering about sports movies and finally landed on food." Both Ryan and Sara listened patiently though for different reasons. Ryan was still raging inside how this mere woman could be so blatant and Sara she obviously had to listen to her friend's sobby story. Because of the cold looks he was giving her she felt her throat drying up ;his looks stinging through her skin made her feel drawn towards him, so she took a sip of her wine, ,."You know he is not much of a talker, so I had to continue my mouth exercise ", Sara narrowed her brows trying to comprehend Michelle's words; recognizing Sara's usual 'I am lost' expression Michelle said " I kept on talking ", with a cocky smile the former recovered " I  like you for that", quietly thanking her friend for understanding her so well; Michelle continued" after a while we started conversing about various cuisines and he asked my opinion on Mexican dishes, I said they're ridiculously slime and even the Chinese food that they serve in petty suburb restaurant over the highway is much better", Sara muffled her giggle with a cough "you cough too much now-a -days", Ryan remarked "well, it’s  because of the wine , you know," she smiled. He must have understood. Ryan simply nodded "now would you please continue your grief". "Yes present yourself as the perfect gentleman ", she said sarcastically, while eating the other pastry that was ordered for her smacking Ryan with the first one." You wouldn't believe what he did after hearing my version of Mexican food, he called me scandalous", she said" He cannot judge a book by its cover, I may dress up as a sultry woman, may be spill two or three secrets of my colleagues or steal others boyfriend but I'm not scandalous", she said innocently. Ryan who had been listening patiently all this while now said" Actually I'm sorry about whatever I said earlier", he pleaded surprising, he is surely up to something now, both the women thought because he was not a person to ever, ever ask for forgiveness. "You are a pervert", he smiled roguishly. Michelle now went into autopilot and was about to decant her glass of wine at him, when he instantly caught her wrist" No more woman, this time you spill and you'll be fortunate enough to wash my cupboard", " brute", she rolled her eyes. They may not know, but someone was watching them.
"If both of you have completed your feat, can we please plan for the party", both Ryan and Michelle nodded and the rest of the discussion continued smoothly. Michelle had to leave earlier than her promised time, so Sara and her brother simply caught up on old days, they were walking towards the parking lot when he finally approached the topic "How is she"? She saw this coming, she knew who he was talking about, but was he safe enough, without thinking anymore. She turned the lock of her car, while getting she said" Rachel is no more with us", she couldn't turn back to see his face. She left him standing there. 
"What do we do now"? Walking up stairs again through which the supervisor aka the convict had run down seconds earlier. After walking down the person almost seemed to vanish in air and he was out of sight."Well call her and say we almost", she walked in closing the door behind her. "I can't listen to her rants", he was investigating the sink where the convict was standing while they charged in "you call her Miss Sara and inform of the successful loss". She smothered a laugh "don’t be sarcastic Martin; we're quite close to getting him", he raised a brow" Only if you had called earlier". While walking out of the diner Sara had seen a silhouette similar to the supervisor, she had to take a risk. Chasing an unaccused person may be a crime, what if he is already a criminal. She answered Ryan's question got on her car and drove past him; he needed some time to himself. She followed the person close to Little China and dropped the car in an alley when she was sure that he would take one of the apartments as a hide-in, following him stealthily she called Private Detective Martin and asked him to reach there as soon as possible." Give me the phone", "Use your own", he said. "Mine has been bugged and that's why he could run before we got here", she pointed a bugging machine which lay neatly packed inside a built -in-cabinet near the bed. He scowled and cursed "Do you think this has been going on for a long time"? "Perhaps" she searched the cabinet for any more clues. "Here take this", he tossed his phone towards her. "Before you call her, just tell me how did you know it was her"? He asked over his shoulder. "Today", he had now left his search and was all ears "Going to be interesting". "She was in the diner with me when she got a call from Hudson I suppose, and said she had to leave immediately when I pressed her for the reason", Sara chuckled "You wouldn’t believe she said she was going to meet her grandpa in a pub". He blew out a low whistle followed by a rumble "I never found her so lost", she confessed. May be he really affected her. Talk of the demon and here she calls.
Chapter 13
Michelle stood on her patio with one of her colleagues. She loved watching the city's bustle from here, which was much different from her home in Pittsburg. The lights, crowd of New York called her out here. But now everything was different."  Von, you can't be so sure that it was him", Michelle said scowling, "you haven't seen him yourself". Von who was sitting near the guardrails now turned towards her " May be, but there is 99.9% chance that it's him and " his voice trailed off then changing the subject he said" has she come to know yet?" "Yep, she and smarty were after him", she asked, "They said he vanished somewhere in the air". Von shook his head " believe me you wouldn't want doing this Mitch". Michelle hated this hide and seeks game, lot of lies had to be told, and trusts were broken. "She's courageous and stronger than we can possibly think", Von patted her back. She frowned "This guy, 'the convict' is much more dangerous than we can possibly think ". She turned to face the city lights "Do we have any lead on the kidnapped people"."They might be dead" she replied without meeting his eyes, he knew it still pained her to think of her dear ones being killed. "I think its Mr. Nosey, there's no proof yet", she replied. Von stood up from the lounge chair holding a bottle of whiskey "I'm taking this home", Michelle silently watched him, and he is up to some mischief. "Why do you feel the need to do so"? "You know Anatolia, she's over conscious, after the liver surgery she doesn’t let me drink," he said pointing towards the bottle" says it'll kill me, but girl I'll die anyways". She smiled and stood up walking with him "that woman loves you; you finish this thing before getting home otherwise she'll finish me". "Off course, tonight I promised her I wouldn’t dare miss her special Lasagna" he said walking towards the main door" Sara may have been good today, but she'll need you in the future".
Meanwhile, Ryan was not able to stabilize himself. Why did she not tell me, all this while she kept the matter to herself? After Sara left it seemed difficult for him to drive back home, so he drove to his penthouse apartment near Manhattan. Tonight he needed peace; he still had to gulp down the fact that Rachel is no more. But there is another pressing matter which now carried his attention. He had always known that Sara wanted to be a journalist; she even pursued a career in mass communication. But after that everything seems dark, he knew nothing about her life from the time he left LA. He had left LA, a month after Rachel's marriage. It felt like her memories would kill him there. Those few days he couldn't concentrate on anything. Then as if like a God-send angel Mrs. Karen Aaland, Sara's mother advised him to administer his business from New York. The lady had always known that he loved Rachel and doted on him, as a she would on her own son. His mother had long died of Pneumonia and his father had very little time out of business for him. She had made him promise her that he would never again see Rachel and he kept his promise. But now knowing that she's no more he wanted to see her one last time. So much has changed since he last met Sara, she has turned even more cold, her eyes speak of evil. Her face glows saying only one thing' talk to me and I'll kill you". But why is she here? The most possible logic is that she finds herself better suited here in a designer company than as a journalist, then again she was never a person to follow the common route. 
Sara couldn't stop thinking about Rachel. It was just like walking through a back door into the past. Their childhood, the days they spent together were one of the best in her life and she would always cherish them. I could do nothing to save her. Suddenly the day when Rachel was murdered came as a flashback to her mind, "mom don’t worry, I'm fine here", she was talking to her mother in the phone, " Yes, New York is certainly a big city but don’t forget that your little girl has now grown up", just then the door bell rang "I need to hang up mom, there's someone at the door, yup and don’t worry it's just mild fever, okay I'll consult doctor, bye ".That day she was had taken leave as she was packing and moving to a different apartment , so when the door bell rang she thought it must be Mrs. Lawrence who cared for her like a mother hen .When the door bell rang a second time, she got irritated, the lady cant she wait a little longer " Wait a sec",  she shouted to the person standing outside. When she opened the door she was in for a shock two gentlemen completely dressed in black were standing. Their eyes covered by black shades. They seem to have landed here directly from the sets of Men in Black, she amused herself. But that thought soon faltered after what she heard next "Mam, we're sorry to inform you but Mrs. Rachel Smith is no longer with us". She clutched her cell phone tightly, lest it should fall from her hand. Then as if in autopilot she packed her bag and went with these people, she knew by instinct that they must have informed her parents. Rachel's husband was nowhere to be seen in their apartment and the area near their patio was marked as crime scene. The police suspected Rachel's husband to be the murderer but due to lack of proof and witness they had to release him. She spent the whole day with her niece Emily who was just 6 then. After a day of interrogation when the police released Nick, her brother-in-law, he seemed a little indifferent. He was no longer interested in his daughter instead and when her Rachel's legal advisor though she was a lawyer herself she had her will prepared by a fellow lawyer, there it was clearly mentioned all of her property which included the apartment and a few cash deposits in the bank would pass on to her husband leaving a meager amount for her daughter. Neil left his daughter with her aunt Sara. Since her job included more risks than security she took Sara brought Emi to her parent's home in LA, then headed back towards New York.  That day on Rachel's graveyard she swore, no matter what, I'll see to it that justice is done. Just then her phone started ringing; the screen showed it was Zack calling her. Oh god what he does want now? "Hello, Mr. Robenstein", she said while recovering from her previous trauma. "Hello, can I please get in?" has he got sick over something? "Excuse me", she frowned. He chuckled "I must sound desperate but I've been waiting outside your apartment for quite a while now", he said" I tried your doorbell, but it seems to need some repairmen", Oh no, she sighed my eyes must be puffed by now, think Sara think." Yes, oh no, now would you please do the favor of letting me in". "Wait a sec", he must have heard me, and she applied some make-up, before rushing towards the main door."So, the princess finally appeared to rescue the prince", he joked. This made her giggle " I'm extremely sorry about the doorbell actually I was about to call a technician tomorrow", she said while walking him to the foyer. Now when she noticed him properly, he truly looked like a prince charming dressed in a tuxedo, he seems to be dressed for some black tie party. "Would you please sit down", she motioned towards the comfy, he shook his head "I need your help and this is very urgent, there is this art gallery," he passed her a pamphlet "It's called 'Images Exquises' somewhere near Bowery". "What do you want me to do?" she asked "I want you to come along with me ", I'm not much of an art lover", she confessed I'm not either but this gallery is hosted by one of my old mates so it's not viable to be missed", why didn’t you me ask me earlier, her expression must be clear to him for he replied" The acquaintance who was to give me company tonight withdrew at the last moment, and since no one would be ready at the niche of time, you are my last hope", she never saw him pleading and his face said he truly needed her "How much time do we have?" he smiled which gave him a boyish look and checked his gold filled Royce watch " half an hour, before we depart", she was about to walk away, instead she turned back " please make yourself at home", then she turned to move towards her bedroom.
Chapter 14 
"Come on, I'm ready", she said while walking towards him, he blew out a low whistle; her dress was a Carmen Marc Volvo Floral Mesh dress. It featured a rounded neckline, a sleeveless silhouette with embroidered mesh shoulder panels, a fitted bodice and full A-line skirt. Her black stilettos matched perfectly with her dress. She tied her hair into ponytail, dabbed some makeup, a little bit of red lipstick, showing her fiery nature, with a touch of delicacy. She slipped her hand in the crook of his arms as a real couple would do. Today he was driving a black Buggati Veyron, just from its polished surface and interior design she could imagine the millions that this car had cost him. Once in his car, he said "I'll send a supervisor tomorrow," she frowned "Why?"  The car came to a halt, when she turned towards him he pointed towards the red light," You know the reason ". She couldn't let him interfere in her life, her radar changed to an active mode whenever he was near and if he kept on coming closer to her , she will have to flee from there sooner or later. 
By the time they reached the gallery, he had already spoken a great deal about his friend Armel Leroy. Both of them were friends since University days. They met accidentally; Armel was a student of fine arts whereas Zack studied Business Management. Zack had picked a hot oriental chick during one of the dormitory parties, who was later confirmed as Armel's girlfriend when he confronted Zack in the library. They had a fight which was enlisted as the great library battle in the history of Howard, because they messed up most of the stacks. A few months later, after the semester end exams coincidentally both of them attended the same dorm party. After a few shots of beer when most of his friends were busy dancing up with few of the girls they got hold of in the party he noticed the French guy, who seemed to be spying on someone standing behind a pillar. From his position it was difficult to find out who this guy was concerned for, that part of the room was now filled with boys and girls dancing at the DJ beat; so he stealthily went closer to Armel, whose emerald eyes were now filled with rage and hands balled into fists. He followed Armel's line of vision and broke into laughter, "how foolish of us to fight over a girl, who never cared for either of us". The same girl for whom they fought so hard so as to create a history was now dancing with the captain of the university soccer team. Startled Armel turned towards him his expression turned form rage to scowl and a smile appeared as got hold of Zack's joke. Both of them later shared drinks and jokes like old mates.
Armel went back to France with a degree in Fine arts, his father was too sick to look after the family business of Winery. So he took over their business and now it produces one of the best wines in France. Both of them were too busy preparing their empires to communicate with each other, but last week Zack received an anonymous hand written invitation letter, the handwriting seemed familiar to him, then he tried matching the signature in one of his paintings gifted by Armel on his 23rd birthday. By pulling a few strings he got Armel's number, called him and today they were visiting his gallery.
After they reached the gallery Sara could not help but admire the paintings, "they really are exotic", "exotic indeed", Zack said. While they were looking at a painting placed in the centre of the gallery someone called from behind "Bonjour my friend", Sara turned to find a blonde guy, walking towards them with a glass of Tequila as she supposed."Hello, yourself man you have done a wonderful job here"; Zack said shaking hands with Armel."Thanks, now won't you introduce me to this beautiful lady?" the latter asked pointing towards Sarah "She's uh my secretary Miss Sarah Aaland"".Armel took her hand in his and kissed it "Vous êtes une belle dame", she smiled "Merci", and she immediately placed her hand back in the crook of Zack's arm. She had noticed the ire in Zack's eyes when Armel kissed her hand, how can he be so possessive? It won't help me in any way if I create jealousy between them. Both the friends then told her stories about the different adventures that they took part in together. Armel stood up with a refilled glass his eyes twinkling with joy, surely he is going to make me stumble, Sara prepared herself to lie once more like the million times she did, by now her lies seemed to be so realistic, she could almost write a book named 'Thousand ways to lie on your boss', "I've an exciting idea why don’t we hang around during lunch hours just like the university days", Armel said, "you can join us too, Sara", he winked at her. Zack didn’t miss the way his friend flirted with her, but no man in his sanity could stop himself from admiring her. Whenever they are in office he has to keep his eyes on her male colleagues, in case they break in before him. Thinking of confessing his thoughts makes him cringe away from her, then how will I ever stake claim on her?  That's why when Armel told them about a get together lunch he was pretty excited to show his friend that she was his possession and even his friend should not dare cross his limits "that's a great idea". Sara kept an impassive face not good for me Zack. She pretended to be perplexed "I'm sorry but I think I'll have to decline the offer", Armel frowned "Porqui Mon cherry?" Immediately Michelle's excuse hovered on her mind, "My grandma is arriving tomorrow from Philadelphia, so I need to pick her from JFK", she replied. Zack chuckled "Do I look like a pompous brute?" she rolled her eyes "humor me", "I'll have somebody else pick her, just show me her photograph", he said. Her facial expression remained taut but inside there was complete panic, meeting grandmother seemed a good idea, why this pig head interferes everywhere? She growled inwardly. "Actually tomorrow evening she has a flight to Italy", she said "so while she is here she wanted to spend some time with me". Having been in a tight schedule Zack understood the extremity of the situation "its okay", "Okay with me too", Armel added, "thanks", she rejoiced.
After checking out three more pictures Zack decided it was time to leave. Tonight he wanted to take her out for dinner. A dinner for which he started planning since last week and the arrangements were already made. The current painting that they were gazing at seemed to attract her, he knew she wouldn't say anything so he decided to buy it for himself and later gift her. So as he went to the counter to pay for the painting, she excused herself to use the washroom. "When are you going to propose her", a surprised Zack turned back abruptly to see Armel standing there. The latter had excused him a few minutes back to entertain the other guests while they were busy praising his paintings. "Is it that obvious"? Armel smiled "the performance of possessiveness that you put for people even a fool would tell"; he said "she is a beautiful dame". Zack nodded "she hides a dark past behind her beautiful demeanor", he said "something I can't quite reach". Armel patted he hand "you'll be able to, don't worry, just don’t let her go". Zack's face now beamed a glow "thanks buddy".
In the washroom Sara sprinkled water over her face" this is all too much, I can't take it anymore", she felt exhausted while a lady who was fixing her make-up in the tilt mirror chuckled "you'll have to sweetie, if you want to find out the real convict". Sara let out a moaning sound "It's tiresome", the other lady now facing her said "same here, keeping you under 24/7 surveillance is same as running around a rogue dog, most of the time you sneak out of our eyes and we get anxious, for you honey". Sara knew how much this woman cared for her she said "Did you get your hands on the convict"? In fact she was the one who trained her for this job. The lady scowled "not yet and that’s a reason I had to come here undercover, hoping to get him if he follows you", she quickly put the lipstick that she been rubbing for a while "I think there's someone else waiting for you", If I don’t go out now Zack will probably send a search party", before the lady could warn her she had already walked out. "Warning her on our behalf", a blonde came out of one of the stalls. "You, I never thought", but before she complete her sentence her throat had been slit precariously.
"There she is" Armel said while she walked towards them"; now we don’t need you operated". She seemed puzzled" operated for what?" Armel laughed out loud "Zack was ready to bust in through the lady's washroom doors, if you wouldn't come out by now", he said "I told him that he needs to get GRS done before I let him do the job", her facial expression changed from gloomy to bright. Zack noticed this change; he silently thanked Armel for lightening the mood, "I, uh, we should leave." Armel knew his friend's idea so he didn’t stop them "Okay, see yaa bye." Now when they were back in the car her mind started getting filled with his thoughts, he is so handsome that any girl would fall for him including her, as the days pass it seems to get more difficult to resist his temptation, while in her thoughts she swayed on her seat and turned to see outside the window, usually this road has the highest traffic rate but today there were very few cars, probably because of the ongoing high alert and the massacre that took place near Manhattan. Through the rear view mirror she could see a car following them, it hightailed their car right from Houston street and now they had reached little Italy, maybe this was what she meant by 'waiting', she flipped on her phone but it was too late she couldn’t call her now, especially with Zack sitting so close to her, even though her didn’t seem to notice, he has his thoughts elsewhere. Zack turned off his Buggati in front of a miniature form of McDonalds, "well it's better here than being brazen out by paparazzi" he had said after looking at her puzzled expression. He asked her to get down and wait for him as he drove towards the parking lot. He must have gone to take care of his fan following and what are you doing here Sara waiting for evidence to land on your head, she dodged herself. She quickly did a sneak peek towards the parking zone. Sure the SUV followed Zack and smacked his car from behind. The crooks got out of the SUV and took their positions. Two of them were tall and lean and the third one looked like a mountain of fats, with no neck, this guy really is intimidating. Zack followed suit and instantaneously got out of the car, he shot the driver first who was still inside the SUV through the windshield. Sara could see the ongoing action scene pretty well from her current position while she assembled herself in the trunk of a random car and peeked through that, she was properly trained to break every kind of locks, so it was like a child's play for her when she saw a 1960s Ford parked there. The crooks were all dressed up as MIBs, each of them dive rolled and ran towards different cars. Suddenly one of them shot Zack who was kneeling in front of his car. He missed the shot by a few inches. Sara tried to see where the bullet came from but it was in vain, then she turned towards Zack, he by now had tiptoed to a different car and stealthily caught the neck of one of the crooks from behind twisted it and then let the dead body fall slowly. One more' lanky- panky' left and then he can take the "fat mountain", he should do it fast lest I'll have to hide somewhere else; God the trunk lid is killing me. Her cell phone vibrated and she slowly dug it out of her purse, without letting the lid close. She glanced at the number before answering "Hello, Martin for Pete sake why did you have to call me now of all the times"? She bantered still keeping her eyes on him. "Where are you now"? He demanded, "Hiding in a car's trunk", "What are you doing there"? "Watching chick-flicks", she grunted "Martin it's no time for playing quiz, why did you call"? "Elsa is no more with us". As if the scene in front of me was not good enough to scowl and now I get this mind-wrecking news, "Any hints of her assassinator"? She asked after a long pause. "Not yet, but the person must have known her for there was no struggle from her side while the throat was slit and her eyes were wide open", he answered "what are you doing now"? "Watching Zack taking down the trail trekkers one by one", her voice now too faint to be heard by him."Now he crawled towards a pillar stopped his breath for a while, took out his Bayonet knife and sliced the neck of the other crook. One more left. He placed the dead body slowly on the ground and tip toed towards the SUV where the fat mountain seemed to be waiting for him", she kept on commenting on a low voice.  Zack was about to take this one using his knife, but it was missing from its place; he might have lost it while he dive rolled between the cars. Within this lapse of time the crook turned back abruptly and punched Zack on his jaw. His body almost took a flight and landed near his Buggati, it was where he left his shot gun. He rolled on his back took the gun and shot the last one. He must deal with these people every day, since he knows how to complete a task without letting the beans spill", "You don’t know him properly yet to judge him", she let his preaching pass by "I must sneak back to my place otherwise things may get ugly", she ended the call and sneer 'Fussy Martin' .As soon as she was out of the parking area she ran to the spot where he left her Someone from the department knew of her surveillance tonight, but who could it be?
Chapter 15
After Von left Michelle served herself with some Rosemary corn bread and baked beans, Thank god I prepared these right away in the morning, because I'm totally exhausted now; let me check the beans first. She took a bite of the beans yummy, so delicious; Mitch you've turned a good cook in these few months. She patted her hand and gradually grabbed on the rest of the food, before she gets distracted. Oh how I will miss these classic dishes next month, why do I have to stay fit always, she scorned, "For your job Michelle", she mimicked her boss. She always had the figure of a model, yet these last few months she gained little weight and a few curves attached to her beauty, I love my assets though. Her ambition was not to pose for cover pages; she wanted to shoot down criminals. Just now I shot an army of beans and a huge rosemary tank. Oh geez let me call Jean. But before she could call Jean her cell phone rang and a glance at the number told her it was from Mr. Smarty Martin " What is it Smarty"? she pulled his leg, she knew how it irritated him when someone called him Smarty, he sighed "Agent Elsa is dead", the word dead came out easier than he thought he always backed off whenever he had to give this news but this time it seemed to slip off his mouth like chocolate, may be because Elsa was family, family for everyone. Michelle felt her brain stopped functioning for a while the lady who inspired her to be a Fed was no more with them, "how do you know"? She spoke after a long silence. "I had been calling her for a while but she didn’t receive the call so I thought of sneaking inside the gallery, I through the gates sedated one of the guards while the other slept and walked in through the alternate door. Since the guests were busy observing the paintings no one noticed me sneak in. In the ladies washroom I found her lying wide -eyed and her throat was slit using Copper wire"."Who else is there with you"? She further enquired "Agent Hudson and agent Von is on his way", "Pass agent Hudson the phone", suddenly she could hear lots of hush-hush and then a strong male voice from the other side answered "Hudson hear", "Who is covering Jeanne tonight"?  she didn’t know from where the question came to her mind but something about the girl spoke 'deceptive', 'you are acting like a paranoid' Von had told her though the girl was transferred not more than a month yet she got to work in this case along with Michelle and other senior agents. "It’s the new guy Mark and there is something even worse than Elsa's death", she knew what it could be and had always known "The girl is missing", "Positively yes and may have been abducted by the convict". She grinned smugly at the agent's foolishness this guy really needs to go through the entire training for a second time, why can't they see that she is the one behind Elsa's assassination."Interrogate  Mark immediately", she commanded, he knew this was not a request instead an order which has to be followed, "There's something important you must know," he  said, "Martin says he got a message in Elsa's cell phone sent to her from Jeanne and it says that she must hide before they kill her". This explains everything where and when was she last seen"? she asked "I send with the DNA samples that you collected, she handed it over to the lab and then as they were returning to the head quarters she asked Mark to drop her near Manhattan where she would meet her informer and later return on her own". Damn she has fled; Michelle found her anger rising "She was last seen at around 7 p.m.". Now they had to simply wait for the forensic department to find out Elsa's death timing and then there will be no restraints against Jeanne."Did you check finger prints I sent yesterday?" she asked, "Neither matched." "Alright, send someone to fix the bugs," she said, "But they were only placed last week", he replied. "So, either they're not working or I'm impaired, which one do you think?" she hissed, "I'll send someone tomorrow, just be in the cabin," he said, "I need a report on Ryan Jenson's past history," Michelle said, he seemed to note it down because she heard a sound of turning pages from the other end, "I'll update you later in the morning." With that he ended the call. Her mind was filled with conflicting thoughts forget about sleep tonight.
"Do you see this person on the video clip"? Von asked Martin. There were getting a closer look on the CCTV footage to check out the guests who were invited at the gallery. "He is observing the paintings and yeah he's keeping an eye on Sara", Martin answered. "And if you remove his moustache, dye his hair blonde the man will be none other than our convict", Hudson added. "Summon Mr. Leroy here we need his opinion regarding his guest". While Martin was away calling Armel Hudson decided it was time Von should know about Jeanne. None of them had told him regarding Jeanne's disappearance and how the senior authorities were blaming him for giving her appointing her as a Federal agent.
"You're too early," Sara said sarcastically as she and Zack entered the restaurant."You sound more like a girl friend than a secretary," Zack mocked. "I was just worried," she said politely, shit I've lost my mind, well a part of yours was certainly worried Sara when you saw the other man hit his jaw.  Zack's eyes lit like a kid I hope she doesn’t change her mind about my well being "Actually a drunkard smacked my car's bumper and ", a waitress out of nowhere appeared in front of them and showed them their seats," And what happened", she asked staring at his blue eyes, she had never seen such beautiful shade of blue, they looked like clear sky. "The brawler he came out of his car and yelled at me, I told him it was his fault," Zack smiled deviously "You know brawlers, you can't explain them anything, he challenged me to a duel," "So you fought with him," she asked appearing to be curious. "I refused initially, but he called me coward, I came out of the car he hit on my jaw and I punched his nose", he chuckled, I know you very well Mr. Hit man.  Her eyes turned big "the corner of your lips seems to be bleeding, Waiter," she summoned. The waiter immediately rushed towards their table, a look at their dresses would tell anyone that these people belonged to some high class society and their restaurant rarely saw big money "Yes mam," without turning towards him she said" would you get me some ice cubes?"  "Sure, anything else Mam?" he asked " Would you please ask Aunt Matilda that her Nutcracker is hear", Zack had a smile plastered on his face right from the moment they reached here, the waiter rushed with same speed towards their kitchen and within a few minutes got their supplies. She took the tray from him "Thanks, here take this", and paid him a 100 bucks."You know this is not at all necessary," he told her."If you are not well then who'll write my paychecks," she smiled."Uh-huh I get your point," he smiled back at her."Here hold this," she handed him the tray, walked over towards him and started rubbing the ice cubes against the corner of his lips, until the bleeding stopped, I don't know why I'm doing this. She went back to her seat and soon a waitress probably in her fifties; with blond hair brought they grilled chicken, wine and brownies. This might sound as an odd combination, but this was her favorite meal. She took a bite from the brownies and saw that his hands were still placed on his cell phone; where are my manners to cover up she asked him "Do they really sell brownies out here?"  "No, " his eyes still glued to the cell phone screen "I ordered this specially for you," he said "You see she is quite good in making these, so I told her to prepare some tonight." Her gaze averted from him to Matilda who was now standing near the manager, checking out some data sheet she supposed. "Is she the co-owner?" it took almost a minute for her receive the answer "Actually her husband started this restaurant along with a friend, "he said "after he died it was up to her to run this place," all this while she had been waiting for him to finish to throw up the next question "and how are you so familiar with it?"  He beamed "Matilda is my mom's best friend and the closest to family I ever had"," and ", she eyed the dishes once more "you already had everything arranged," she asked eyeing him like a hawk "and "what is this with nut cracker" ?  "When he was five years old he couldn’t crack the nuts and once he learnt to do so he would crack all the nuts that we bought, we used to keep the nuts aside specially for him", she placed a specially made Margarita for them and  left the couple on their own.  He couldn't understand whether she was angry or happy because of the expressionless mask that she put on her face; it was this expression of hers that he dreaded the most, those cold brown eyes as if sinking to his skin, meanwhile she was quite nervous and tried to mask it up using a poker face, I always tried to avoid the inevitable, why can't he leave me alone. As much as he knew he had done nothing to hurt her feelings, surprising someone can never be that bad" yes, don't you like it?" he asked her. "I love it, but why are you doing all this, I mean I know that you are my boss and I accompanied you to the gallery, still you didn't have to do this she motioned towards the food."I don’t do this for everyone," he replied calmly. "Then why for me?" as much as she dismayed her fate she wanted him to say the three sacred words, and to her relief he did "because I love you". You cannot buy that Sara her conscience told her, you cannot fall for him, he's a bait, you need to use him not be used by him, he's a play boy don’t forget that, "Okay," she replied. He looked horrified how can she do this? You're not letting her go "What do you mean okay? I went all the way making you feel like a princess and then you simply reply me okay?" how can someone be so dramatic? She smiled inwardly "How do you want me to react? When I clearly know your reputation with girls?" Gosh keep your anger down Sara "I know I'm a heartbreaker, but it's different between us," he grabbed her hand and held it between his "I feel it and I know you feel it too", Just by touching my hand he can melt me, she closed her eyes feeling the warmth from his hands, think straight Sara, Well being close to him I can get access to all his personal files, so why not give it a chance. When she opened her eyes, she found him looking at her eagerly just like a kid waiting to cut the cake for the first time, "Alright, I can give it a try in one condition, I'll not be forced into something I don't want", and no publicity she wanted to added but discarded the idea, saying that would make her look like a fool."I agree to all your conditions", Zack said his face now glowing; within a month you'll be completely mine excluding your conditions. Oh how I love the way you smile, your silky hair everything. "You never said you love my smile," she replied scornfully. Shit I think too loud and took a sip of his favorite Margarita "Yes, I do, as a matter of fact I want to be the reason of your smile", so theatrical, she thought while eating the brownies. He got puzzled "Excuse me"?  "I am not that theatrical"? She didn’t respond, let him think "sho yummy," she said while chewing the chicken pieces and then unexpectedly sensing danger, she went and sat in the chair adjacent to him, "Kiss me," she whispered, when he didn’t follow, she pulled his tie "Hey wait", he chocked and held her hand "If this is your idea to get intimate we can do it in my place", he grinned. She rolled her eyes and forced her lips into his at first he didn’t respond, slowly his hands caressed her back, he kissed her wildly as if he couldn’t get enough of it, when she pulled back he looked disappointed, she was almost out of breath" there are people out here ready to kill you". He slowly turned to his left, there was a person in cowboy jacket and boots, and he seemed to be innocent at first, just then with a flicker of his eyes he signaled a person sitting on the end corner holding a gun which was pointed towards their table.
Chapter 16
"I don’t even have my shot gun now, "she heard him sigh."Don't you have any other gun, "he looked confused "I mean with you now", he gave her a sheepish smile, can anyone be more stupid, few minutes earlier he was attacked and now he left his gun in the car turning her head towards the man with the gun she noticed that he sat there casually just like other customers may be they didn’t get the orders to shoot us in front of so many people."I think we'll have to walk out casually," he suggested, she nodded and walked out holding his hand. As soon as they walked out, Zack held her hand and ran as fast as possible towards his Buggati, she couldn’t run properly with the stilettos, abruptly slipped her feet and fell down, making them pause for some time, they heard footsteps nearing them, he pulled her with all his might and ran for his life. He entered the car and opened the door towards passenger's seat for her to enter, when she was about to step inside he heard a bullet shot, his heart thumped loudly lob-dub, lub-dub, lub-dub; he felt as if the clock had stopped ticking and couldn't think of anything unless she tapped his hand, he immediately turned towards her to find her tightening the seat belt, and let out his breath, all this without noticing that he had been holding it, God gracious. Right then and there he knew he loved her and will protect her forever. Then without turning back he drove till they reached his penthouse apartment.
"No, don’t kill my mom, No", Emily screamed in her dreams. She was sleeping in a blue and white painted room that Sara and Rachel shared when they lived here. She felt someone stirring her "Em honey wake up; wake up," she slowly opened her eyes, a pair of brown eyes staring at her" Karen, hand it to her," George offered. Taking the glass from her husband she handed it to Emily "Here, drink this honey". "What is it grandma?" the seven year old asked Karen before tossing down the syrup. "It's your grandma's special herby," George spoke ahead of her making her smile, Emily was confused. Understanding her problem Karen said" You were suffering from fever since yesterday, so I gave you the medicine". "I've been sleeping for the last," her voice faded as she fell into a deep sleep. Karen turned towards her husband "I think we should take her upstairs with us," she left the room and George carried the young one in his arms to join his wife, they tucked her in between them. "She reminds me of Rachel," Karen said "Yes, she has got her mother's green eyes," George spoke while stroking a blonde strand from his wife's face" She has seen too much of the evil". Both of them were aware that Emily had seen her mother's assassination and she is the only witness, but she didn't speak a single word after that day except her occasional screams in her dreams. 'Why didn’t you inform Sara about Em's illness?" George asked out of the blue. "It won't do any good", Karen replied. Even in the dark she could see her husband's puzzled look. "I have seen her George the day she brought Em here and during the funeral she didn't shed a single tear," she said" The night before she was talking to the sleeping Em about how much she loved Rachel, but it was all calm and quiet, she had always been different but the cold look George I saw it in her eyes it said she was going to the devil's door and nothing can dissolve her determination, I swear she has changed, our little girl". George took his wife's hand in his" Karen she has always been strong, an alpha who can win over anything she determines and whatever she does she'll never let anyone harm her family." He could see tears in her eyes "I know George; I just don’t want anyone hurting her". "Hush my love; don’t you know our little girl has got a strong daddy who can protect her from all the grizzlies of Yellowstone"? "I wouldn’t want the grizzly to be munching on my hubby", she giggled.
When they reached the apartment Sara looked troubled "Why did you bring me here?" she asked, "To have my way with you." She glared at him causing him to laugh "Relax, I couldn’t leave you alone," when she was about to protest he said "Well, let's just say for my sake you stay here and I wouldn’t be worried", when she didn’t reply or retort he said" Come with me." While moving towards his apartment he introduced her to Thomas, the doorman. She still seemed unsure of what she was doing, "Staten is the safest we've got, and they'll not follow us here", he assured her, having nothing else to say she nodded. As they stepped out of the elevator she said "Tom got baffled", he chuckled "he should be by the way you were dragging me", she retorted. A witty retort means she's back to her old self. When they entered the apartment she was in a state of awe, paintings and tapestries hung in the living room."Let me give you a quick tour," he said holding her hand. "There is abundant sunlight from every corner of the room," he boasted, "It truly is an architectural tour-de-force." She found that it was designed as a 4-bedroom apartment; the living room itself included a dramatic double height corner, an impressive dining room and a library, a study, both with dazzling panoramic views.  "There is also a huge sun-filled stainless steel chef's kitchen and pantry," he said while she went through a book on civil war, they were now standing in between stacks of books in the library. "Why are most of the books based on civil war?" she asked turning a yellowish page of the old book "you don’t seem to be much interested in history." "It's not me they are my father's collections," he said with a faux smile" I rarely know the names of the authors or even book's name". She took a quick glance at him from the corner of her eyes, what are you hiding Mr. Hit man? "What about the paintings?" "What about the paintings?" his voice louder than usual, he looked bothered by her query. He is trying hard to maintain composure, what if I break that? She grinned. He knew she was up to something I need to stop her from digging the dead, before she could ask any more questions he said" I am quite hungry and", he went closer to her, tucked a strand which came out of the pony tail behind her ear "you too should change and have something", he said "your plate almost remained untouched, come". She followed him like a spellbound lady to a bedroom, it was painted blue. The color had brought her senses back Just like my room, ah white drapes she walked over to the drapes and felt its touch in her skin. Zack simply starred at her, she looks so beautiful even after all this hustle; the clicking of her heels on the floor brought him back to the reverie. "Here in the closet you'll find a few dresses," he said "get changed while I prepare the dinner"." Don't you have a chef?" Sara asked now turning to face him. "My visits here are quite rare so I prefer it this way". With that being said he left her to her thoughts. "The potential of a cold bath is all I need right now". She put on a robe that was already present in the bathroom and walked over to the closet cum dressing room. A look at the dresses made her wonder what she could do with that. She always had the reputation of being the best possible designer in the other way; I wish I didn’t have to do this.
"Robert, you know we cannot face him" She brushed her hand past his cheeks, he frowned "I know Tatyana"; "We need to get settled soon after this deal is over". He started pacing the room, "What's bothering you?" she asked while drinking coffee. "I am worried about, you, us and," his voice trailed off, he stood lazily in the balcony, smoking a cigarette, lost in his thoughts. "You shouldn’t have escaped from there that day, instead you could have waited outside and then inform them". She slowly walked towards him wearing only a chemise and with a coffee cup in her hand, "I was afraid, I thought they will get hold of me". The hotel was located near the coast line; sun filled the room, while it was still night in New York .Both of them now looking at the blue Mediterranean Sea "Are they still looking for you?" Robert asked "You know they don't forget perhaps they'll find the dead body and think I'm dead". "Perhaps, "he said staring into her sapphire eyes and she staring into his emerald green eyes. He embraced her, "I should be able to get the legacy this time", his hand around her waist."And this time it has to be done without informing the boss ", he replied. A grin crossed her lips "You sure?" she nodded. A plan had already formed in his mind.
Chapter 17
As Sara entered the dining room, she found Zack busy with cell phone; he had his back to her talking to someone in the cell phone, standing near the window, he must be talking about recent attacks. Why would someone suddenly want to kill him? As it was a full moon night the moon light fell over his body,   such a fine male species, broad shoulders, his hairs still messy, must have taken shower recently. Still in her thoughts her eyes went up to his face she found him staring at her. For a second she thought she was dreaming, just then a low rumble came out of his mouth, breaking the spell and making him look even more handsome God help me!  "What?" she asked annoyed."Why are you wearing these antique pieces? When I told you there were dresses you could wear?" he asked."I couldn't find any, except a few menswears", may be the women he brought here took the dresses along with her as a token of love. "She must have taken those along with her", he said confirming her suspicion. She turned her attention towards a painting, it looks like one from the civil war times, but there is something different about it. As she brought her attention back to Zack, he was standing much closer now his eyes filled with rage "For goodness sake woman do you even know it was a Ted Baker Dobby Spot?" he said "which has now turned into Sara Aaland cut shirt." It was her turn to laugh, even in a fury he can humorous "I told you there were no other dresses and I couldn't wear my filthy dress anymore, so I cut its sleeves short". How can she laugh after messing up with my shirt? "Cut the sleeves short, you made it sleeveless". Suddenly her laugh turned into a smirk, she must be thinking of something now "You my boyfriend, are such a killjoy ". She surely knows how to handle me "I think I'm pretty hungry". He took a chair in the dining table and she sat opposite to him. For a house so sophisticated the dinner table was really a simple one, a four seated. When he removed the coverlids her excitement knew no bounds "Nothing could be better than mashed potatoes and Waldrof Salad ", she said."I thought the same" he replied while serving her some salad and potatoes, she couldn't wait to taste the salad, so she put some in her mouth and the taste as well as the aroma made her forget about anything else except its cook, "You are a great cook and I mean it", his face remained glum for some time and then turned into a smile "You are the first one to appreciate me for this." She noticed how happy he was with such a simple compliment, perhaps people took his performance for granted being a millionaire they think everything is possible for him and rarely compliment. After gulping down the last piece of potato she told him that she was too tired and would like to retire for the night. Both of them greeted each other and retired for the night. 
Next morning Michelle woke up earlier than her usual routine, the nightmare last night had drained her completely, so she put on her tracking shoes and went for a run. After a workout of about forty five minutes, the workout was not much successful as and was still tensed about Jeanne, she rolled her shoulders, trying to ease the tension that had settled there, then kicked off her shoes and propped her feet on a nearby chair, giving her toes a wiggle, let me check the answering machine . The first message was from the headquarters "Mitch there's a bad news; we got a body down near the Manhattan, her face totally smashed, Von suspects the body to be Jeanne's. The body has been sent to the forensics."Michelle's body went numb for a second, she couldn't think what to do, for so long I've been blaming Jeanne for this, her dead body means a bigger mafia is waiting for us and he knows of our little charade. She thought the morning would ease her anxiety but rather it increased, she thought sitting won't do any good to her, instead she should go to office and get half of her work done. So she quickly got dressed, prepared coffee and sandwich and when she was about to leave her phone rang for some time, she didn’t receive it and let it go to the answering machine it was a message from Sara "Hello it's me Sara, call me as soon as possible". She immediately called Sara" Hello, Sara its Michelle here, what's the matter"? From the other side Sara spoke "I was wondering if you guys got the assassinator yet"? "No, we haven’t been able to trace him or her" , she thought sharing the news of Jeanne wouldn’t do any good because right from the beginning she had been against that girl as paranoid as she was regarding this matter, she would directly blame Von." When I went to the washroom last night I met Elsa there she told me someone was waiting for me outside I thought  the 'someone' must be Zack but later when we were on our way to a diner in Little Italy , we found someone  following our car. Then in parking area Zack took down four of them, I don’t know where he hid the bodies though". A giggle escaped her lips, being with Sara gave her sometime to be herself. "In the diner he proposed me and then I found another pair of eyes and a gun pointed towards us we walked", "excuse me ", Michelle snapped "what did you say he proposed you? I knew this happening soon", when Michelle stopped Sara continued with her story " As soon as we're out of the place Zack grabbed my hand and started running towards the Buggati gun shots could be heard . He didn’t let me go home, he said it would be dangerous", "he is right we can't lose you like Elsa", her friend sighed. "Wouldn't you want to know anything about my dinner last night"? Sara asked excitement hidden in her voice.   
He couldn't sleep last night; dreams of his father haunted him like a nightmare. The only person who could relief him of his problem was Sara  He wanted to see her face first thing in the morning, so he went to wake her up but  he stopped just outside her door. He could hear her laughing and talking to someone, perhaps with her granny she told that the lady would arrive today. Just then he realized he had been eavesdropping all this while, so he quickly left the place.
"The mashed potatoes were fabulous, he left ", Sara informed as she sensed Zack moving away from the door, thanks to her well trained ears."So you are telling me that the painting in the dining room has something missing," Michelle asked from the other end asked Sara "Yes the ones in the living room and library were all similar as if part of a series and this one seems to belong somewhere else", she  replied. "And what about the goons have you seen them following you earlier?" the other woman asked. "No, but all these people are supposed to be from the same gang", she replied, "If you put it that way". "Alright, I'll check on that part as soon as possible, now go and enjoy your breakfast", Michelle teased. Now let me prepare an escape plan while I shower. 
When she entered the dining room she found him sitting near one end of the table sipping coffee, his eyes glued to the laptop. To make her presence known she sat opposite to him. "I see you are already done with your breakfast," she said. He looked up from the screen with a smile in his lips, "Yes, I have got a little elephant's appetite you know". "I would like some coffee", she stated looking at him in a pleading way, "Help yourself", he replied and ducked back to his task. So much for being romantic, she rolled her eyes and went to the kitchen like a woman on mission and soon joined him with coffee and chocolate cookies. His eyes still lingered on the laptop may be getting updates on the new project.  She grabbed the quickest breakfast as humanly possible and left the room with utmost silence and slowly crept back to the room that was provided for her. She dressed up in her black gown, grabbed her purse and was about to leave but before that she took a last look of herself in the Gigantic mirror. Filth and dirt could be seen in her dress, due to last night's 'uncalculated fall' as he had placed while driving. Dirty or not it will do the task of hiding my body. Stepping out of the room she found him standing there "What do you think you are doing?"He asked with a stern look. "Going back to my apartment", she replied casually; as soon as he was about to protest, she said "I'll go to the NYPD and file a case". He had put on a poker face and right now she was totally exhausted to try understanding his expression "Alright, I'll come with you", he said after a while.
Chapter 18
"Laney, what are you doing up there?" Zack called out, while Laney was fixing a glass in the tree house. From the NYPD he drove them to Brooklyn towards the Ranch. She needed to relax after the attack, the way she shrunk last night in the car made him feel guilty I shouldn’t have taken her there, he had thought. So today he had decided to take the day off and visit the ranch."Making Willy a tree house, the kid has been insisting on it since his last birthday", Laney shouted out loud."Am I here to get a neck sprain today?" Zack asked with a tone of humor in his voice."Wait a moment; let me fix this screw first". They waited till he got down through the ladder, as he walked towards them he noticed a small brunette standing close to Zack; he hadn’t seen her earlier due to her size which seemed to be smaller than Lucie. This must be Sara, he thought "Finally you got hooked, huh?" he asked his friend. Zack smiled sheepishly "Couldn't help myself." Laney laughed out loud. "Let's get inside Willy has been waiting a long time to show off his toy Robocop," Lucie informed them.
Sure the boy  had been waiting for them, just as they were about to enter the living room Sara noticed a young kid of about 9 playing with a toy, this must be the Robocop, both of them thought at the same time. Willy turned to see them, ran and immediately leapt at Zack. She was amazed at how swiftly the man could hold Willy, who was a plump little one. "Uncle Zacky I have been waiting for you too long", he said, still maintaining firm hold in Zack's shoulder. The latter's expression turned immediately to an 'only business' mode, he slowly put the kid down and kneeled in front of him to maintain eye contact "Do you remember the last time we met you told me, you wanted to meet an angel", Willy looked quizzically at him "Did I?"."Yes, you did and so I brought one with me, "the older man said without a single trace of muse in his face, pointing towards her. Willy's eyes twinkled as he took in her features "She does look like an angel."  Sara could feel her pressure rising the way this kid is staring at my face; he makes me feel like an edible ice cream, I've never been too good with kids, couldn't even manage little Em and this kid, he looks like an autistic patient, she kept on mumbling on her own "Hie angel," Willy said while shaking hands with her "Hello", she replied in a shaky voice. "Can I call you angel "?  The kid's innocent question melted her heart "off course you can", she replied with a smile to make the child comfortable."Can we please sit? You are too tall and my neck will get sprained if I keep on staring at you," without waiting for a response he held her hand with his tiny fingers he must be Zack's godson she thought and pulled her along to the couch, it was placed near one of the window's letting plenty of sunlight to reach them. Now that she was sitting close to him, she noticed teeth marks on the child's forehead, when she asked him how he got the marks he replied" one day while playing in the community football field I bumped with one of the big boys, his tooth was loose and it got stuck on my forehead, coach took me to the doc and he pulled it out and stitched it, I got three here", he said pointing to his forehead " Zacky said you relieved him of his pain, can you do it for me too?" the child pleaded , did he really say that?  She didn't have the courage to say him no "Yes, I will”. He kept her busy for the next half an hour with his amusing stories and probably would say more if his mother wouldn't summon everyone for lunch. He held her hand all this while, even while going to lunch he held her and sat close to her at the table. Until now, Sara hadn't noticed that Willy had only four fingers in his right hand and the little finger looked too little as if it had been cut off. She wanted to ask Zack about this but didn't get any chance since kid sat in between them. 
Where is the girl now? Ryan thought in utter annoyance, he had called Sara for the fifth time now and she hadn't received it even once. His last resort was to call her friend. Michelle was preparing a report on the employee's performance, when her cell phone rang; she glanced at the number before receiving it what happened to this pig-head now? Hello its Ryan speaking do you know where is Sara?"  He demanded, "Enjoying a sun bath outside the office," she replied, "Pardon, what did you say?" he said unable to paraphrase her words."She's pole dancing in skylit", she replied muffling her laughter with a cough. "Excuse me", before he could complete his questionnaire she said "your sister is enjoying the best moments of her life and I don't want you to bother her."  He didn't reply for a moment, perhaps she is right "If you happen to hear from her, ask her to receive my calls," he said. No, doubt you messed with her this time, Mr. Scumbag.  "Have you checked the venue?" she asked her voice professional. "Yes but it is a bit congested,"  he said "I mean in a grand party with more than five hundred guests hovering over the place, we need a bigger complex, something like Patisserie Opera house". "But the guests have already been invited, I think we can talk to the owner of Elite club", she replied while going through the Google map checking out the areas close to the club. He didn't answer immediately perhaps he is checking out the possibilities. "We can do that," he replied after a while, "I'll make the arrangements as soon as possible". "Great idea," Mr. Scumbag she thought out loud. "I'm not much of a frothy person Miss Michelle ", he said before ending the call. She couldn't understand for a while the meaning of his last sentence, finally when she stretched on the word "frothy" a smile crossed her face, she had thought too loud for him to hear. Hope he doesn’t mess up everything.  Now she had to sit and complete making arrangements for the caterers' services, flowers, and orchestra, rest would be taken care of by Ryan after he fixes the place.
How am I supposed to enjoy my meal? Can't he stop for once? Willy had asked her if she would share with him the American style wings, but before she could reply just like any other disciplined mother, his mother reminded him of his manners. Autistic or not the kid sure knows how incredible theses wings are. Willy had already licked his plate clean and as soon as he was about to attack on Sara's cheese cake, his mom passed her cake to him. Sitting near the kid made her sick how lucky I'm to have such a kid sitting beside me who is on the verge of eating the dishes, if humanly possible. No one seemed to mind anything except her. Zack was munching on his wings with the speed of a sloth bear, Laney shared a few stories about their childhood and how he met Lucie, about their time in the marine services. But all this things didn't get on her head, apart from the fact that the monster is about to attack her sweet cheese cakes and she must finish them off as soon as possible.  After the boy left the table she asked Lucie if the kid is sick" You are right ," she said "Willy has been suffering from autism for the last five years", then holding Sara's hand she said " You are quite lucky you got him with you, you may think that he has got this playboy nature;" Zack tried to interrupt her but she didn't let him " Let me speak ," she said like a mother hen, where Sara was the intruder in her territory. "He has got a heart of gold; just by looking at him you could say he is smitten." Sara didn't know what to do so she simply smiled Lady Come to the real matter will you? "I'm sure he never told you but he is the savior of my child, he was the one to notice Willy's abnormalities first, otherwise it would have been too late. Sara brushed a strand of her hair behind her ear, in a way to see the time. They sat for lunch at around two in the afternoon and now the watch showed four o' clock, beginning of a new episode." I remember the day clearly", Lucie spoke "it was Christmas last year and as usual Zack was here to celebrate with us, all of us were busy decorating and it was Zack who noticed that Willy was missing, he asked me I said the kid is playing near the outhouse. Extra concerned as he is always, he went there and found Willy playing quietly, to surprise the kid he went stealthily behind him." Lucie turned towards her husband who nodded as if encouraging her to speak more. From their gesture Sara could clearly read 'this is the worst part sign'. "You know the kid had a saw in his hand, blood was smeared in his face, and one of his fingers was hanging from its joint", she drank some water and continued. "I don’t know how he maintained composure; he called for ambulance and then asked me if I could manage the ranch for the day if he and my husband would be out for the day, I was totally puzzled to clear my confusion Zack explained me the case ". A tear escaped Lucie's eyes but Sara was sitting intact all ears to everything happening around her and now she could feel all eyes were on her," What happened then?" she said adding sympathy in her voice. "Looking at your husband's blood smeared face is something totally different from looking at your son's blood smeared face, I don’t why but I got relieved only when they took him to the hospital, none of us could sleep that night." Lucie's agonized face now turned into that of a happy mother "Zack never jeopardizes with his family and friends he will keep you safe just don’t shut him out." Sara nodded now I know the reason of all this history, Mr. Hitman so you are pushing me now. You'll definitely know what you are dealing with.
After waiting for about half an hour he was finally allowed entry into the boss's chamber. Calling it chamber will degrade its value it looked more like a den with a mini swimming pool in the centre where a dead body was maintaining its buoyancy now, a bar with every modern and old stock. Robert had been here earlier, but those days he was a petty thief, now one of the best sharp shooter travelling all around the world- sometimes smuggling offensive drugs, otherwise expanding the company, and killing people in his way, he often had to stay abroad."Robert don’t let me down this time," a man with blond hair said. He was probably in his mid thirties and as handsome as Brad Pitt. He could possibly pass on for any sort of modeling show or movies, but here he is standing and loathing on his brother. Just now he slit the throat of a poor guy, because the latter was a loyal staff of his deceased uncle and wouldn’t allow him access to a few legal documents. "You must be thinking that I'm the cousin of a billionaire yet why I endanger my family?" the boss said while cleaning his hands of the blood stain , "I want more, being the cousin of a billionaire is not enough, I want to be the billionaire myself, my uncle handed ran this business concealing it with the other one," he then rubbed his hands on a towel and poured himself and Robert some scotch from the decanter " here take it", he handed one of the glasses to Robert. "So, what was I saying, ah yes on his will my uncle he handed over the reins of this business to me and the other one to his son, he knew I could do it, but in this whole thug business I don’t want my cousin hurt, he is as close to me as my own brother, just take care of his girlfriend she is more than she looks." Robert was silent all this while but now his curiosity was at its boiling point and he couldn’t control it "Do you know her?"  The mobster was quite for a while deciding whether to pass the little information to his agent or not" Well she was related to me, but not anymore, bring me the painting and our deal will be over, you'll be able to move out with your love wherever you want." He then refilled his glass" she is a cold woman, I was always interested in the other one, I loved her you know, but she remained loyal to the law, yet I didn’t hurt her not even once", his eyes had turned moist moving away from Robert he said" Get going now, if you want to finish the deal soon and send Jeremy here on your way."  
Chapter 19
After lunch was over Lucie and Sara went out for a walk in the periphery of the ranch. But Sara wanted to see the horses and other cattle before going to the walk. Stroking the mane of a Chestnut brown horse Sara asked "Why is he isolated from the others"? "Thrill is aggressive and he won't let his rider seat on his back for more than ten minutes, except Zack and Laney, both of them were trained with horses right from their childhood", Lucie answered "You know we should always try to understand their psychology and develop a friendly relationship with them only then will they trust us enough to ride ", Sara took a sack and laid it over the horse with that."So how many horses do you have now"? She asked turning over to Lucie "We have four horses now including Thrill and two ranch hands, one of them has been working for more than a decade and the other one we appointed him last month right after Jake, another ranch hand of ours who broke his hand falling off Thrill", "that's awful", Sara exclaimed "Let's head over to the tree you were talking about". Sara followed her friend towards the northern fields which were fenced using barbed wires. "You think they are getting bored without us," Lucie asked while showing Sara a tree that had been there for more than hundred years. "I assure you they are enjoying themselves without us whining about things", Sara chuckled "Do you have any idea of who planted the tree"? She asked."The land actually belonged to Zack's family; he gifted it to us when we thought of settling down. But Laney as a dignified man he is he paid half the money for the plot the rest was considered as a gift," she said while resting near the red wood cedar. "Do you think it would age close to the civil war?" Sara asked while investigating the old bark. "It should because as much as I remember once Zack told me it was planted by his great grandfather," Lucie stood up for their next trip "Ready to get a look at my special rose garden?"  "Definitely" Sara replied high spirited. When they reached the garden Sara was completely astonished "This is so wonderful, just look at these flowers all different shades of pink, how did you do it?" Lucie smiled" I had a friend while in Science college she was a Botanist, she taught me this hybridization process if we place the branch of a red rose plant with that of a white one we'll get a light shade of pink, hybridizing pink and white you get an even lighter shade and so on, come," holding hands they went inside the garden which was a kind of maze. "Why did you pattern it this way?" Sara asked while looking at a rare species of orange pink. "When Willy was a toddler he used to love solving puzzles, while I organized the garden here he wanted to play the puzzle game here so I had to do it his way," Lucie told her while heading back to her abode. As they headed back, Sara could hear a male voice singing at the top of his voice."They would never get bored with Willy singing so loud," she chuckled "Honey it's his father singing," her friend replied, Sara narrowed her brows not believing Lucie's words" Come you'll see for yourself."  When they reached, Lucie took Sara to Willy's playroom where the three of them were sitting on the floor along with Willy "both the adults look not even a day older than Willy", Sara whispered standing outside the door "This is the only time they relax ", Lucie told her. After Laney finished his song both the ladies entered the room clapping their hands " I would never believe her if I wouldn't hear you out on my own," Sara commented "Your voice resembles that of Bob Marley." "You don’t say," Laney chuckled "Yes, I do," Sara said now sitting close to her boyfriend. "Know what I'm going to audition in the next season of American Idol," Laney told them seriously, Zack guffawed out loud making little Willy to shut his ears with his fingers "Uncle Zacky you laugh too loud," all of them became quite suddenly, Zack turned out thoughtful for a while then replied" It's because of the pancake that we stole from your mom's kitchen." Sara muffled her laughter with a cough, Lucie now glaring at her son asked" when did you do this?"  "Mom, dad's stomach was aching and he said only a pancake could relieve him," her innocent child replied out of fear. She looked at her husband, pretending to be angry but a smile tucked at the corner of her lips; he surrendered without her doing any more talking "I simply couldn’t miss the best pancakes of the world." She hugged him and gave a quick kiss. Meanwhile Zack got a call and soon after he returned, he announced that they had to leave then and there. Lucie packed them a few fried bacons and when they got on the car Sara screamed "Don’t forget what I said," winking at Lucie.
Hours later when their friends were gone" What was she talking about?" Laney asked his wife. "She advised me to keep you under surveillance," Lucie replied. They were watching' The Hobbits' along with Willy, "Mom why do we need to keep dad under surveillance?" their son asked. "Because she thinks I can't do my tasks myself," Laney replied nudging his wife's shoulder, "and here I thought I'm the only child ", Willy said playfully."You are the one and only we have”, his mother assured him "you watch the movie, me and your dad have got some talking to do." "When they reached the bedroom Lucie asked "What was he talking about Laney?"  He knew his wife pretty well to understand what she meant and he had no doubt on her level of sincerity "They were attacked last night," then he narrated her the whole incident that Zack told him "But I don’t understand why would someone attack him now?" Lucie asked. Her husband didn’t answer her for a while and simply stared at their wedding picture hung on the wall, "You looked much prettier then, than now." She got annoyed and made him face her "You know how I hate it, when you behave this way"? He shrugged behaving like a gentleman 'I don’t know what you are talking about' written all over his face; "Lane please honey I need to know," his wife pleaded. He thought for a while before answering "Zack says it's about the pictures," she narrowed her brows, to clear out her confusion he replied "the ones his father bought in an auction." Lucie was totally puzzled now "Why would anyone want to kill him for civil war paintings?" Laney let out a low rumble "Silly they are worth billions." She swore aloud "I'm sorry, I never knew."Now what is it that Sara asked you to remember?" Laney cooed "Its about his birthday, she wants to give him a surprise party."
"All the bugs placed properly?" Michelle rasped out the words to agent Mark who had been sent to Raven Smuts as a repairman, "Everything has been done mam," Eric replied before setting the folder containing forensic report of the body which was found near Manhattan on her desk and then folded his hands behind his back. She must thank Hudson for the last minute changes in their plan, sending Mark in the second half was a much better idea since most of the employees would have gone home by the time he completed his task. She could see the tall skyscrapers being electrified as the sunlight got dimmer. "Found anything or anyone suspicious?" she quickly flipped though the folder and set it aside for closer scrutiny  "Yes mam," the agent replied,     "A man with green eyes, blonde nearly as tall as me," Eric said "he asked me a question or two regarding my job experience." The mention of the tall blonde reminded her of a past acquaintance and brought her thoughts back to reality always the nosey one; she didn’t need to know Eric's reply to know that the guy was Richard; years of training had taught her that she should always be observant to her environment. "Where have you put the thingies?" "Two on Zack's cubicle wall, one near Mr. Nosey, and one close to Sara's the other three on the control room and elevator," he replied and waited patiently for her approval. "You may leave now", she walked him out of her cubicle and when he was about to leave she shook his hand saying "thank you for your services," loud enough for others to hear. I'll have to discuss Richard with Sara, a girls over would be a good idea; her face gleamed at the thought because as much as she wanted to meet Sara more than that she wanted to know about Sara's brother.
"Why did you do this?" was the first question Sara asked as soon as they left the country region and hit the highway."Do what?" Zack asked innocently "take me to the NYPD to file a case against the gangsters and then without the task being accomplished, you left the place abruptly and finally take me to the ranch," she said while chewing a protein bar. Tonight she was quite hungry, lunch had been a total mess due to the kid she couldn’t have her lunch properly and as Zack had some important meeting to catch up due to which they left earlier so her only reliable source was the bar. "I can't answer all of them at once," he replied without taking his eyes off the road. Even in his cowboy jeans and polo tee-shirt he looked just as handsome as he usually looked in a business suit, why you couldn’t be a geek or a nerd or something instead of being ruggedly handsome. "You know why I went with you to the station," it was a statement not a question. "I do expect answers for the rest", she replied still munching on the bar, "the constitution doesn’t let us file cases against anonymous people , and to top it all we don’t have any evidence against them", "But you checked their SUV and you know its number", she was about to say but stopped herself before spilling out her true identity. "And as for visiting the ranch they are the only family I'm left with except Ben and right from the moment I proposed you I wanted you to meet them." Sara had been noticing for a while that a silver Mustang was following their Ferrari for a long time, yes that’s what he was driving today, a Ferrari Enzo, as black as a Stallion, with its plush seats and Zack driving it as fast as Vin Diesel in fast and furious, the difference was, the car is a Ferrari instead of Mitsubishi Eclipse. He can get me to the apartment first and then I can fight them off , she tightened her seat belt, then she wondered again what if they are after him, as soon as that thought crossed her mind a slow grin spread on her face Mr. Hitman can possibly hit all of them off the field easily. He must have known that they were being followed because he soon took a U-turn and the Mustang lost them. "So what was your excuse to your grandma"? She was startled by his question. "I told her that my boss had an accident and I had to go see him", she made up. "That was a lame one", he chuckled "And what was your excuse"? She asked. He grinned "I told him the truth "; she looked puzzled "I told him that we were going for a date". She couldn’t believe how he could keep on advertising about their relationship they usually hide from the media. It's his life he can think about it; once my job is done I'll be long gone.  
When they reached her apartment "drop me here," she told him. She prepared herself for another heated argument; yet didn’t get any of it he just parked the car, opened the door for her, let her get down, and wished her Good Night and left. She stood there amused and when she thought of reasons only one came to her mind, perhaps he is exhausted.  He had been taking care of me for the last two days. Its time I should get some rest myself. Zack had been thinking something very different he was excited to have someone in his life who would be forever his, but what if she comes to know the truth an ache formed in his heart. This will be her test if she can understand me then she'll surely accept the truth. But before that I must take care of this blackmailer.
"What are you doing here"? Sara asked Michelle who had been talking standing outside her apartment for about half an hour. The latter gave her a wry smile "Needed to crash in that apartment of yours". Sara rolled her eyes and opened the door to her apartment "Alright, follow me".
Chapter 20
After almost a week of planning the big day had finally come, and within that week Zack and Sara from teenage lovers to been-in-love-for- a while lovers, Zack had opened up his secrets to her and she felt a pang of guilt because she couldn’t share her secret with him. That day she had been seriously worried about Zack, since she and Michelle would remain absent from office for almost half of the day, Zack would surely notice that. But by God's grace he had sent a message that he himself wouldn’t attend office that day. They planned to hand over the responsibilities for the day to Richard, so that they could help Ryan in the preparations. Convincing Richard was like child's play since he was head over heels attracted to Sara and would perfectly serve their purpose. So when they said they wanted to surprise Zack with a party he joined hands with them and promised to take care of the official matters, unknown to him Martin had already been given the responsibility to espy him.
 Now, while she was taking a last look at the wonderfully decorated Elite club with all sorts of Balloons, ribbons and Orchids. It would look like an odd combination for someone who didn’t know Zack properly but the guy was addicted to Orchids. He had a special orchid plantation hub in which he grew exotic and rare Orchids. They had an event planner do all the arrangements and she gave them this idea to maintain a blue and white theme. They wanted the party to be so mesmerizing that people would talk about it more than any other award function or party and since money was not a problem so they spent as much as they dared. "It looks wonderful ," someone patted her shoulders making her turn back abruptly "Armel , you got me dazed," she said ,"I couldn’t help it," he said smirking  deviously "But you belle look totally exhausted." Before she could protest he said "I'll look after the matters here, go and get dressed like a princess." She couldn't argue even if she wanted, so she simply nodded and drove back to her apartment.
"Hey just be careful with this one," Michelle called out as Ryan was about to pour champagne in a glass kept on top of the other glass, "Don't want them falling all over, do we?" Ryan said with eyes on the glass, where he could get a reflection of her. Both of them prepared a pyramidal design using hundred wine glasses and the glass on the top was meant for Zack." I could never imagine you have such a wonderful talent," Ryan told her while keeping the bottle of Champagne back to its place."Thanks, it’s the only one I have," she said while looking at his tousled hair. I wonder how many times he brushed his hands through these thick brown strands!  "I could never imagine that a multimillionaire CEO such as you can work so efficiently in someone's birthday party," she whispered watching the bubbles slowly disappear from the surface of the glasses. "Well, Zack is a friend and my sister's would be fiancée, so I suppose it's perfectly okay," he replied looking at her eyes. She was so hallucinated by his eyes that his words passed over her head. Why am I getting so attracted towards these green eyes?  Her phone rang and a quick look at the screen told her it was from Martin, she excused herself and received the call "Hello, smarty, what's the progress"? He didn’t waste time in greeting her "Our suspect just received a parcel through FedEx and the spy cam installed in his cubicle shows that the shipment consists of Drugs and Sedatives".  "And where have you parked the van"? The words rasped out of her, "One block from Raven Smuts, don’t worry Mark has been watching him over from the restaurant opposite to the complex". She sighed "I'm not going to pay for him, share your paycheck". Before he could protest she ended the call.
  Oh god how long do I have to wait? Armel would be here any moment. What is he waiting for? Damn just pick up the bag man. Zack had delivered the amount in a brief case near a junkyard in China town and was waiting for the blackmailer to pick it up. He had promised Armel that he would spend the day with his friend. Though there was not even a flicker of sunlight anywhere, yet he could easily spot the trash bin located in the alley and his car was parked near a grocery store.  He punched the steering wheel.  A middle-aged man probably fifty to fifty- five years old walked towards the trash bin where he had kept the money. Today he really was in the mood of a fight. He wanted to see what this man was up to. The person picked up the bag from the bin and walked away. As soon as the man started walking away, Zack got out of his SUV and started following the person. First he walked to the bin where he had placed a spy cam in video mode to capture blackmailer's face and then walked down the path following the former. The guy walked towards the Rail station and waited for his train, he turned back a few times to see whether someone was following him, but Zack was too careful to let him get revealed. After a few minutes a train arrived at the station and the guy boarded it, the locomotive directed towards Manhattan. Just as the person boarded the train Zack started a walk back to the parking lot, where his SUV was parked. Now it would be easier for me to trace this guy, since I have his face recorded and I know where he was headed to. While waiting for Armel, he dialed the number of a he knew could help him with this case and fixed a meeting with them.  Within a minute Armel's Mercedes SLR stood in front of his car. Armel signaled him to follow his car. 
Meanwhile Sara had driven to Zack's apartment, she already had a duplicate keycard and the doorman knew her well to let her in. Thanks to him for trusting me so much. Let me check the library first there must be something important. She went to the library and started looking for books based on Civil War. But before she could find anything her cell phone started ringing. The display screen showed it was Mitchell calling her, she received the call "When do you plan to return?"Mitchell asked in a serious tone, "Today I suppose," she answered playfully. "It isn't funny Sara, come soon we all are waiting for you", her friend stated worriedly from the other side. "Is he there yet?" she asked. "No, but will be here any moment." Mitchell answers and ended the call. Just as she was about to give up searching a page slipped from one of the old shreds of a book that she now held. She kept the book carefully back to its place and picked up the page. The page seemed to be a torn out piece of a page of a legal document   confederate seal. Let me keep this with me, I'll clear it out later. I should see the painting once more, she went to the kitchen and replaced the painting with the other one that she had brought with her. As she hung the painting she recalled, how hastily she had gone to a friend to paint a canvas similar to the one that she captured in her phone. Both were look alikes. The night Michelle had a sleep over in her apartment she had told her they had suspected that this painting had a hidden meaning in it and it should be somehow configured so they and the only way to do that was to replace the real one with a fake. Michelle also informed her  that the convict was somehow related to Richard and the sudden disappearance of the models have taken place only a month after Richard was appointed. So they should not believe the individual's attire.
Chapter 21
Though Zack was following Armel's car yet his mind was preoccupied with thoughts of the blackmailer and it was after they reached their destination that he noticed where Armel had brought him, a country club best known for the events they organized. While parking his car Zack was unsure of why they had landed there without any invitation, asked his friend "Why did you bring me here?"  "I've got a friend whose birthday party has been organized here "Armel replied."Pray tell me who is that lucky guy," Zack asked while moving towards the entrance. "Someone too famous to have time for himself", Armel pulled his leg, Zack didn’t respond to it though. When they entered hall Zack could see that the place was decorated mostly with orchids, a nice choice. Most of the guests were busy talking, dancing or eating their lunches but just as he entered the spotlight turned towards him to carry the visitors' attention, "You are here finally, I had gone by your apartment to escort you but you were nowhere to be seen," Sara charged. He was totally enchanted by her looks to hear her words which passed like a gush of wind, she had done her hair in a messy bun tonight and her dress was a navy blue, an A-line ankle length dress. After some time he had realized she was gaping at him the same way as he was at her and that she hadn’t as yet wished him, as if realizing his thoughts and the awkwardness of the situation "Happy Birthday", she immediately wished him and the guests followed suit.
At the same time Michelle was pacing in a room adjacent to the hall. Sara hasn’t returned yet and I don’t know what to do? The door to the room opened and she turned to find a strikingly beautiful blonde standing there in a baby pink gown "You look ghastly", she said in a playful tone "One of the terrible joke I ever heard," Michelle answered, her mood still raw from her encounter with Ryan. "You still angry with him", the other woman asked while taking a seat in the couch. "I want to kiss him hard," Michelle replied. "Don't be Sarcastic Mitch," the other woman replied. "I'm damn serious about it," she took a sip of the brandy that was already giving her companion for the past half an hour, "but with my hands on his cheeks this time," she sneered. "He doesn’t have any idea of what you've gone through Mitch," Changing her expression into a serious one Mitchell told" I'm worried about her". The blonde moved towards the door "She's here enjoying herself already", "She's fast ", she commented while leaving the room, the blonde followed her" I told you ", "So you did".
"I heard that the Raven Smuts paired up with Jensen's", a plump middle aged man asked Sara. He was trying to manipulate her into speaking more about the company's secrets. And hence she kept most of her answers into monosyllables "Yes, we did". Just as he was about to another of his mind boggling questions, Zack appeared out of nowhere" Sorry to disturb your conversation Mr. Harrison, but May I steal her for a dance?" the man felt like he was caught stealing something and just nodded his head in approval. 
"That was rude", Sara whispered while following him to the floor. "No the way he was intruding into my business was rude". They started dancing and he spinned her twice, before settling down for a slow speed. Zack looked a little relaxed now, his tie had been loosened and the top button had been kept open .He looked too handsome for her making her lose her mind. So what if the orchestra is playing the titanic theme and his annoyingly broad shoulders aren’t making my brain cells super excited and ready to explode, I can't forget  the real reason for which I'm here.   Many other couples had joined them in the floor now; Lucie and Laney were dancing close at a close proximity. While Sara was dancing of her accord and didn’t follow his directions "Could you please allow me to show you the direction sometimes", Zack whispered."I didn't think you expected me to be a meek woman", Sara retorted. His satisfactory smirk annoyed her. She looks even more beautiful when she is riled up. "Not meek but compliant ", he picked her up for a lift .She wanted to stomp her feet out of frustration which was not possible in air, this man is difficult to be satisfied   "If you want me to be compliant, then compliant I'll be", she took two turns of her own making him lose his balance but before he would fall she held him, made a twist and turn and ended the dance piece. She was nowhere to be seen afterwards, literally headstrong, he thought out loud. "And you are going to tame me"? He turned to the voice to find her sitting in a barstool with a glass of tequila.
The party was running full fledged, but there was someone who still couldn’t enjoy herself. Standing with a glass of wine in her hands, Mitchell stood on the balcony trying to forget whatever happened with her eighteen years ago. She was a little girl then merely ten or eleven years old. She was running around in the patio, her mother had promised to cook her favorite dessert. But suddenly things changed, her father was knocking hard in the main door and before her mother could open the door they knocked him out. They then broke through the door and aimed for her mother who ran towards the patio and screamed "Run, Mitch run". Mitch hadn’t stopped there that day to wail for her mother while she took her last breath. The girl ran through the back door and into the streets of Mexico, protecting herself from the mobsters, but not for long before they caught up with her and sent her as a slave to a ship travelling to New York, with drugs of nearly ten billion. From that day onwards her life turned into a nightmare. During the entire journey she stayed below deck, thanks to the cook who felt pity for her and allowed her to stay there without being noticed by anyone else. By God's grace, the feds already got the information about this ship and raided it. They seized everything including her. When the chief was in a dilemma of where to send her one of the agents came with the idea of adopting her. He and his wife were childless for a few years and after many trials, the doctor finally declared that the couple could not have any biological child of their own. So, when he came to know that the girl was an orphan and had nowhere else to go; he immediately went through the paper work and legalized her as his daughter. Though her foster parents tried a lot to comfort her yet she couldn’t forget the tragic death of her biological parents. She had vowed on her eighteenth birthday to find her parents' murderer and slay them all. "Standing here alone won't help you ease the pain"; she turned abruptly to a familiar voice" What do you want"? She asked coldly. "I was here to beg your forgiveness, No more temptation", he said sensing her uneasiness and scanned her from head to toe I'm tempted to kiss her again. She tried to figure out his motive but the smile plastered in his face won't give out anything “Forgiven already", she said and getting the green signal he asked "Would you like to join me for a dance"? He asked with puppy eyes, softening her affections "In one condition", she replied and as if to ask about her condition he quirked a brow "Keep your lips to yourself", "As you wish mam"; he took her hand in the crook of his hand and proceeded towards the hall.
Chapter 22 
“Boss the entire paintings look similar, which one do we take", one of the man asked Robert. They had been spying on Zack right after the accident but didn’t attack him.  It was Robert's idea to threaten them and then steal the legacy. Breaking through the security and alert was a tough job, yet they did it. Take all the SUVs and make sure to leave no evidence, be careful", he commanded hi men". Before entering the apartment they chloroformed the doorman and since they were all wearing masks, so there were least chances for him to remember their faces."Boss we got all the paintings", one of his man said."Are you sure"? He was impressed at his men's job. Need to raise their payments soon. "Heck if we didn’t". He checked the paintings for about half an hour but got nothing in them. He sent a message to Tatyana. After a minute she responded back, it'll do just be careful, deliver the goods and come back to me. His face glowed he knew she loved him; she had stuck quite long now. This Romanov woman stole my heart; need to shower her some gifts. "Everyone listen, take these paintings to the boss, tell him these are the only pieces in this apartment and wait for his orders", he announced. "I'll be there shortly after you".
After everyone shared their stories about Zack, it was Armel's turn. He told them about the day he and Zack met in the University and how their rivalry turned into friendship. He then spoke of Zack as an employer "Though I'm his friend yet I can feel that he must be a great boss because generally such a huge mass wouldn’t be here, certainly not on a boss's birthday party, you all must really respect him to do so". He then turned towards Zack who gave him a curt nod and his smile turned to a gleam "Well now our birthday boy has got an announcement to do" he said" Zack my dear would you do the honor of coming here to the dais and make your announcement". Zack who was standing with Laney all this while walked to the bar stool where Sara, Mitchell and Lucie were chatting like old friends. "Here he comes", told her friends. She revolved in the stool and saw him standing there just like a prince waiting for his princess. "Would you like to come with me to the dais"? He asked politely. She was half drunk and her mind stopped functioning immediately as soon as she saw the smile in his face. She was awe struck and surprising everyone she trying to match his height she stood on her toe tips ,  she ignored her friends' stares and surprising everyone she replied "No", Zack felt himself dumbfound, everyone stared at her and her friends were totally surprised "How can you say him no"? Mitchell shook her; she kept her arms crossed and glared, while a creepy sensation made her anxious. He smiled deviously, folded the cuffs of his shirt and cradled her in his arms while she screamed, "You Neanderthal man, drop me down". Not until I have my way with you. "You would be wise to watch your tongue lady", he warned, his voice soft yet threatening. Yet she kept on shouting like a raged lady. Everyone was shocked by their boss's behavior including the fellow business men and celebrities who had never seen Zack outdo such acts for a simple secretary.  The hall was filled with laughter, claps and whistles. "Don’t leave her Zack, otherwise she'll blow you", Ryan yelled standing among the audience. "How could he fall for her instead of me"? A woman wailed she was the lead actress in a movie which was jointly produced by Zack and some other producer. 
After he carried her to the dais he let her stand there, knelt in front of her and took out a ring from the box Armel provided him. As a last minute thought he had brought the diamond ring along with him, in case he got a chance to meet her. The ring was a simple one with a diamond placed in the middle with his and her initials carved on the other side. He knew she liked simple things, just by looking at the choice of her dresses he could make that out. Taking her hand in his he kissed it and asked "Would you like to marry this playboy"? She smiled and asked a question in the form of verses " Zack, What do you wish to gain? Trusting me will only give you pain. Pains that you will endure for a lifetime, still I'll waste no tear for you not a single dime." He remained silent for a while before answering "Honey trust me, because I'm the one who loves thee, with me you'll always be happy". Watching them from the audience pool a sturdy Ryan chuckled "My sister does not give up easily", "But you do", Mitchell surprised him. Meanwhile on the dais, Sara who was now holding Zack's hand like a precious object and had tears in her eyes , " Can you make me feel safe enough, so that I can trust you till I reach my grave? Tell you that I'm the one for you and in return you tell me you love me too". The orchestra now started playing the Disney theme of' I see the lights', Zack saw it as the chance and slipped the golden ring in her finger can't take any more chances with her , she seemed quite anxious herself and hugged him tightly almost making him choke. Yet he didn’t leave her until his phone beeped, holding Sara in an embrace he whispered "Honey I got an important message to check". Her dream snapped back to reality though she knew he was busy man, yet she was not prepared to leave him so soon. He stared at her for some time trying to understand her feelings but she didn't show off, she'll probably understand that I cannot give her all my time; she slowly walked back to her friends who were still eager to hear the story. Not everyone was happy with this arrangement some of the bachelor including Mr. Richard made their exit in a hurry while a few single ladies cursed Sara in the restroom. Others who were not busy stinging curses danced with joy.  
As soon as Mitchell got hold of her she pulled her along instead of her continuous denials for a square dance. Everybody had joined the dance including small time celebrities who were here just to become more popular among the folks. She danced four rounds the last ones being with Ryan and Armel.  Even though she was here her mind was with him. As the dance was over she searched for him but couldn't find him anywhere. Seeing her anxiety Ryan chuckled "When do you plan to use the modern communication system"? She pulled her cell phone from the purse and dialed his number. He didn’t receive it immediately but after a few rings he answered her call and told her that his apartment had been robbed, at first she had a guilty feeling, and it is because of me that he has to go through such hardships. 
Sara went over to the lady in pink gown, who was now chatting with Mitchell "We need to talk"; she said stunning them for the third time with her serious attitude."Girl you need to relax", Mitchell chuckled "I can't relax when he is in such a situation due to my selfishness", and Sara stated "what are you saying"? The other woman got baffled. "We can't talk here come with me", Mitchell walked them to the adjoining room. She shut the door so that no one could peek in and then turned towards them "what's the matter honey"? "They ransacked his apartment", Sara replied."We can't work this cover any longer Lucie"."Sara calm down", Lucie told her. She then turned towards Michelle who gave a curt nod "We knew about this already". Sara cursed under her breath but didn’t utter another word "I had Martin follow Richard and the guy was seen accepting a parcel containing Drugs and Sedatives which meant that he was involved in the sudden disappearance of the models who worked for the different ads produced by the company's media section. And then since his phone was tapped we could hear his conversation through the office telephone just after he received the package, the call has been traced and it was someone from Manhattan. Agent Von and his team reached the place immediately but it had already been emptied, while searching for clues they got a few wrappers of protein bar". Lucie's eyes widened in shock "The new hands man he has the habit of chewing of Protein bars daily". Michelle took a sat near Sara who was already sitting on the couch "We are not sure about that so Richard has been taken for further enquiries while he was trying to escape from the party". Sara sat on the couch for a while but couldn’t make out one thing however hard she tried, a multimillionaire CEO like Zack who controlled more than fifty companies all around the world how could he never understand that they were working undercover in his office and using him as a bait, then it clicked her "Zack is the mastermind behind all this".  Both the ladies clapped their hands like giddy kids "Bingo"; Michelle tapped on her shoulder "You figured it out finally"."I figured out something else as well ", she grinned " His apartment hasn’t been ransacked ", this statement of Sara made both the women glance at each other with narrowed brows "You see he is the mastermind he knew what was going to happen, I mean after we were attacked he was prepared for a ransack in his apartment and yet he didn’t change the security code". Michelle had known that Zack was the master mind but this was new information, she couldn’t help but dig more into it "And would this help him "?  Sara didn’t answer for a while as if trying to understand his next move "He would know what they are after". She now crossed her legs and gazed at her watch "As for me I think they want the legacy ", she smiled." Girl you stole it", Lucie said out of excitement. Then as if something struck her head she stopped laughing "I never told you about any legacy, how did you know about it"?
 "Because I told her", they turned to see Zack standing there along with Laney. This was the time when Lucie and Michelle were about to break down totally confused "I don’t understand this Zack why didn’t you tell us anything about the legacy "? Mitchell asked. Zack gave a sly smile "Because a few secrets must be kept only between lovers ".All of them laughed at this ironical statement, Michelle was about to ask something else regarding his plans but before that she snapped by Ryan "Officer? Mitchell"? who seemed to have passing by and entered the room for a little fun , instead he got to face people whose identity was much different than what he thought "I think I closed the door", Mitchell pouted "They manhandled it ", Lucie informed."She didn’t close it properly", Laney said."Oh I did", Mitchell said "It isn’t strong enough to hold back", Laney replied arms crossed while Mitchell investigated the door. Sara sat in the couch and watched their cynical performance while Zack watched her from the corner of his eyes."For Pete's sake Mitch, Laney I don’t think we are here to test your skills on carpentry ", Lucie scolded both Mitchell and Laney.
 "Mitch are you a fed agent"? Ryan placed his hands on her shoulder and turned her towards, his eyes filled with distrust. In all this commotion she had forgotten about the relationship they had developed, about their silent promises "As a matter of fact I am", she answered coldly trying to mask her feelings. "If all of your games' Guess who I am' and 'Is the wood hard?' are over , then can we discuss about our next move", Zack announced, he was annoyed with his friends. "I never knew that you were playing a spy", Ryan accused Sara he couldn’t believe the little girl he knew had turned as old as to be involved in espionage. "Neither did I being an ex marine", his words were cut short by his wife who signaled him to stop when she realized he was about to start his ex marine speech which would last for almost a minute or two making everyone too speechless to push him out of the room. "I will answer all your questions, but I need answers to a few of mine first", Sara said looking at Zack.
Zack knew what she meant and as a starter for their relation he had to tell her the truth, the truth about his past "Alright let me start from my father he had a dual identity", Zack said "Dual identity"? Mitchell asked. "Didn’t I tell you the whole story before"? Lucie was annoyed at Mitchell's interruption. "But the dual identity thing was not mentioned", Mitch complained. "He phrased it that way Mitch, now please let him say", Sara said still a calm expressionless mask. "Actually the designer's company was just a show business behind that he was illegally involved with many drug dealers ", he then took a seat close to Sara."For me he had always been the most ideal dad. My mom she loved me a lot but always maintained distance from him I could never understand the reason because as much as I remember Ben once told me that they married out of love for each other. One day while he was having a heated conversation with my cousin I overheard them. Enraged I wanted to charge him then and there but realized that it wouldn’t be a good idea. So, later when I found sitting on his desk in the study room, I decided to approach him. There we had a conversation not that of a father and son instead it was a memorable time spent with a friend he told me the reasons that led him towards this business and  as I was about to leave the room there was a power, immediately followed by a gunshot I heard my dad cursing , I knew he had been shot but in the dark it was hardly possible for me to recognize anything .I followed his voice and found him lying on the floor, he was dead by then , I sat near him and found that his hand held gun. Just as I took the gun from his hand the power supply was back and my cousin entered the room ", Zack looked at Sara she still had the masked expression; it doesn’t help when you act so cold. As if understanding his feelings she reached his hand slowly and nodded curtly encouraging him to continue "I knew instantly that this whole plan was designed to assassinate my dad. I couldn’t doubt Neil because he had been always with me like an elder brother, after mom he took care of me in every possible way, so it could never be him". He knew he was defending his cousin but how could he suspect someone who had always been with him whenever needed. A year after dad's murder I received a CD containing pictures of me holding the gun and dad lying there and this was followed by a phone call and many such phone calls in the future asking to pay him for the wonderful job he had done capturing the moment in the celluloid, I couldn’t let this matter go free, I had to know who it was so I hired a private investigator but the results were not satisfactory. One day while checking the tabloids I came to know of your sister's death he said motioning towards Sara. "My cousin he always maintained a low profile regarding his family but when I heard about his wife's death I knew he didn’t murder her. But since in both the cases he was involved I thought someone was after him and I needed to save the family I'm left with.  So I thought of a plan along with Lucie to bring you here as my employee, since you are journalist it and were already working with Michelle on the model trafficking case so would be easier for you to investigate the case further when you come to know that your brother-in-law is my cousin and in this way you could get your hands on your sister's murderer". Everything he said made sense but Sara was not convinced yet "Why didn’t you come to me directly"? She asked after a long silence", "then you would think that he is behind all these behind all this", Mitchell replied."And why didn’t you tell me about it?" Laney asked his wife. "You would never help us", for the moment he shut his mouth."How can you say that now I believe you"? Sara asked "Because you know me quite well", Zack replied."How did he manage to take the photographs"? Ryan asked trying to digest all the confessions that took place in front of him." A few surveillance cameras were fit in the apartment and I suppose he was waiting for the right moment ", Zack answered."I think the person knows you very well to be able to do something like that", Sara said pondering over the points. "And he holds a deep grudge against Robensteins", Michelle added her verdict "But what do we do now"? I have a plan", Sara said smiling. Later when Ryan enquired Michelle regarding the FBI involvement in this case she told him that a few models of Ravens Smuts designers were missing and the FBI was investigating the case, moreover Elsa their late agent was Lucie's godmother, so they were running collateral cases now.
Chapter 23
"Why did you bring all these paintings"? The boss asked Robert who was merrily enjoying a glass of Guigal now, the boss surely has got great taste. "You told me to bring the paintings", "So you did, you know Robert sometimes I feel that brains must have been replaced by cow dung ", the boss yelled at him. Now this was something new. The boss had a calm demeanor, there were also rumors of him being sadistic when someone dared to cross the limits of his patience and just now Robert had done that but didn’t know how to undo that. Finally deciding on walking the straight path he said "I couldn't understand which of these paintings held the key towards the legacy, so thought of bringing all of them". Neil knew that Robert had been hiding something from him for a long time but what was that he would find out later, right now he had more pressing issues to take care of.
Meanwhile, Agent Von and his team had found out Neil's apartment with the help of Laney's hands man who was later found out to be one of Neil's men. Now it was only a matter of patience that they had to maintain while Michelle informed them of their next move. His phone vibrated after sometime and Michelle ordered them to stay put until Neil and his men leave the place. Thereafter they had raid the apartment and find out as many evidences as possible against him. 
Neil had been inspecting the paintings when his phone rang, he glanced at his cell phone screen to know the name of the caller but it seemed that his caller was an unknown person. How is it possible? He thought before taking the call "Hello its ", before could think of any lies he snapped back by the person talking from the other side "Hey Neil I know it's you, I have your brother with me and I'm ready empty my bullets on his head any moment"."You'll not do any such thing", "Oh yes I will and if you want to stop me then you need to reach your old ranch house before I get tired of hitting him", she laughed out loud. "Ask Kroeber to bring out the cars immediately", he ordered. "Cars, why Sir"? Robert asked out of curiosity, just after the call ended the boss had turned frantic. "I don’t have time to explain anything Robert just do as I say", he barked. "Sir where do we go from here"? The old driver was in panic as soon as he came to know that the young master was in the hands of a devil lady. As soon as he saw Kroeber shivering out of fear he knew that he would have to drive, since Kroeber would only slow them down and no one else knew the way towards the ranch. In all these commotion none of them noticed the SUV which was parked near the alley.
After they left the place Von and his team members barges inside the apartment shooting down the rest of Neil's men who were left behind to guard the illegal commodities. "Do you think this is a big catch "? Agent Hudson nudged Agent Von "A catch too big to last my entire life", Von grinned". 
  "Why are you tying me this way"? Zack asked his friends almost gasping for air who were busy tying his huge body to the tree where Willy's tree house had been built a few days ago. "So that when I shoot you, you fall upside down into this pit and break your cervical, which will finally lead to your death", Sara said while checking knots which had been put in the rope to secure it on the right place. "One more knot here and we can mark him safe", Sara tied a knot connecting his chest and the nearest branch. While she was climbing down the tree she heard a beep sound coming from her cell phone, she dug it out of her jeans' pocket and read the message which said the mobsters had reached the place. "Guys be ready they're here", she shouted for everyone to hear. Mark stood near the gate so as soon as the SUV pulled in he informed Sara and she called Neil "So you are trying to best me huh"?  Well do you remember the tree where the Senior Robenstein had built a tree house for both of you", she told him. He hadn’t been here for a while but that couldn’t stop him from the reaching the tree as fast as humanly possible, he ran towards and his men followed him like a herd of sheep, except one.

"Well see whose here Zack"? She smiled deviously. Though the cold stare of the villains were creeping her out yet she stood still holding the gun pointed towards the rope which held Zack. Just as Neil's eyes went to the direction of Zack his eyes widened in surprise, he could never think that Sara being such a sweet girl could do anything like that. Without wasting any more time he asked her" What to do you want"? She didn’t answer instead rotated the gun through the barrel. "I want you to confess how you killed my sister and why"? This hit him like a stone. He couldn’t take it anymore, why did everyone blame him for her death "I didn’t kill her instead she killed herself". She let out a low rumble "I don’t think this is the perfect time to lie, it wouldn’t take me a second to pull the trigger". Neil had to do something to stop this woman; he had to make her listen to him "Listen to me once", he pleaded " Your sister was under depression for more than a year after you left Ohio she got a new job in the Senator's office because her job in the law suit wasn’t paying much as the new job. She had been working there for three months then all of a sudden one day while checking my belongings she came to know my real persona and it burst her head like a rocket. She wanted to leave me, taking Em with her but I convinced her that I would leave my illegal business.  We had been doing well for a while; I got a job in the state winery, I was in my office when the incident happened Em called me and said she was no more. I turned hysterical and drove home as soon as possible but she was dead by then she had taken a huge dosage of her medicine. I know someone had forced her to do that".
Robert went back to the SUV and was about to drive back when one of the tire pumped out, after a few minutes he realized all the tires had leaked. He jumped out of the SUV, but soon faced a punch followed by a roundhouse. In the dark it wasn't easy for him to defend, yet he was successful in placing a sidekick making his rival to stumble back a few steps. The person let out a growling sound which seemed feminine and the woman launched a butterfly twist which made him fall a few feet from her. She ran towards him and hit on his chest with her elbow. This had left him unconscious.
Coming back to his senses he found himself seated in a chair, his hands had been handcuffed. After scanning the room properly he could catch a few familiar faces -Michelle was pacing the room yelling at someone over her cell phone. The room was filled with four other FBI agents and two civilians. So this is what they call the investigatory room. Sitting in a chair next to him was Neil; he was talking to Zack something about Razzles. How can someone think about Razzles in a situation like this? He must have gone crazy out of shock. After a few minutes two of the older agents left the room. Robert was now surrounded by three agents and two civilians namely -Sara and Zack. "So what do you have to confess Mr. Pablo"? Michelle sat on a chair close to him. Five pairs of eyes warming his skin through their gazes "What do you want to know"?  "Surely not about your favorite food, start spilling out about the stolen paintings". "I had helped Neil in stealing the paintings and I was also involved in trafficking the models". When he stopped speaking Sara held his and making him face her she asked" Where have you kept the money"? "I don’t have any left the money that was supplied by Mr. Robenstein has been used up to buy apartment in Manhattan", she quirked a brow, so he cleared the mess" the one that was raided by your team", Saran and Michelle glanced at each other both them smiling at each other " But why did you blackmail him "? All hell broke loose after the question was asked " I lived in an petty complex, knowing that my father was burglar and had left my mom when I was pretty young but one day I while searching through her belongings I find an old letter written by some Robenstein mentioning that he couldn't come back to her and I was their mistake", the situation cringed Sara she could never imagine herself being called this way."Until then I wanted to become a good Christian man unlike my father but from that day my only aim was to assassinate the man who claimed me to be a mistake and become even more successful than his son", he grinned "and what best way to get become a millionaire other than robbing the money of a millionaire". Like he had any other option Zack thought. Michelle then produced a photo in front of him and asked him if he knew the lady. He knew lying there quiet was not an option anymore "The lady knew too much about the senator, she had to be removed off his way and since Neil had parted ways long ago from the profession, so I was given the contract". "How could you do that to her"? Neil yelled and cursed at him trying to break free from his bondage so that he could get a hold on Robert, the situation made Sara nearly jumped from her chair, making it bump and the jerk had the guts to reply back "It added money to my account", receiving a cheek reddening slap from Sara .Robert was taken into custody after the paper works had been done and from here he would face the court trials, Neil would soon follow the same fate. "I have one last thing to ask you", Sara stopped him before he could leave the room. She now stood there holding Zack's hand firmly to maintain support "why did you abandon Em"? He took in a long breath before answering "I couldn’t take her to hell with me"; his eyes had turned moist now."Take care of my angel", with this being said he left her standing there and slowly the silhouette turned darker as he walked away.
Chapter 24
 Neil was given seven years imprisonment because of his involvement with the drug suppliers and Robert was allotted ten years imprisonment because of the murders he had done and his involvement with illegal business. The week after that Ryan and Zack launched their new products and a new magazine which consisted of the latest gossip in fashion industry and other related items. Their products hit it off on the first day because Zack had already gained his popularity due to the ongoing cases regarding the murders and the commoners wanted to know more about this handsome tycoon who got engaged to a journalist, a beauty with brain. The past events had racked all of their brains, so that weekend they decided to spend their time together on the ranch except Mitchell, who still had a few paper works left. The ladies were busy making a feast for all of them while Zack and Laney were teaching Ryan and Willy to ride a horse. Willy proved to be a better rider than Ryan. Ryan's was riding the aggressive Thrill, who had the habit of throwing any rider who tried to ride its back. So after a few trials when Ryan got on its back and kicked his trunk the horse ran till the pigsty and threw the rider in the mud. Ryan fell through his abdomen in the mud and his face got smeared like a pan cake. Zack and Laney couldn’t control their emotions and laughed out loud. Seeing the tragic situation Willy ran home and asked his mother to supply him with washcloth and a bucket of water, when his mother asked him the reason he told her about Ryan's fall. "He will not take this lightly", Sara told them while preparing an apple pie. He will surely do something more stupid, Sara thought. Lucie brought a basket filled with water and handed the wash cloth to Willy "Let's go, clean your uncle", Sara tagged along with them and when they reached the pig sty she too was controlling hard to control her laughter. "Where's the horse?" she asked Zack. "You are going to beat him up"? Zack chuckled, "I'll lasso him", she answered coldly. They paused for a few seconds to look at her face and then started laughing again. By the look on her face Zack knew the woman is serious and will do anything to lasso that fellow. Now the biggest question was does she even know how to ride a horse? His question was answered when she soon spotted a lassoing rope and jumped on Willy's horse, a white mare. Then she asked the still surprised Laney about Ryan's horse" Which way do I find him"? Knowing that his dad wouldn’t be out of his reverie for a while, her question was answered by Willy" It went North towards the pond ", he was helping Ryan wash up. After waiting for her for a while all of them went back to doing their previous training and Lucie provided Ryan with Laney's clothes. Since he was a bit taller than her husband the sleeves couldn’t be stretched otherwise it was perfect because he was not all muscles as Laney. He decided it would be better to watch them instead of participating there. When Sara had not returned for a long time, a worried Zack kept on pacing near the stables "I'm going after her", he said "No, you are not, she can do it", Ryan smirked. "Bullshit, riding a horse is totally different from lassoing it" Zack scowled. Exactly at that moment Willy started clapping his hands attracting everyone's attention. They turned to see the reason of his excitement, it was Sara riding on the Chestnut horse and Willy's mare was roped to the other horse. Laney blew out a low whistle "You got yourself a mighty woman".
While they were having lunch Ryan told them that Sara's grandfather had a ranch at Pennsylvania and right from her childhood she had been good with them. When Zack asked her regarding her interests in other farm animals, she replied "the other animals were all interested in Ryan", "How's that possible"? Willy took a bite of the pie. "Once during Christmas he tagged along with us to the ranch, he must be ten years old then", "I was eleven", Ryan snapped back. "Alright big boy, there my grandpa had bought a shepherd pup, when grandpa asked him to collar the pup it ran away", she chuckled "he caught it somehow and locked it along with the hens in their coop". "That's gross man", Laney guffawed. "And when grandpa saw the poor creature's condition he asked Ryan to let it free", she couldn’t control her laughter anymore "Well ok, I let it out but instead of thanking me it bit my leg and the mama hen ran after me till I reached the house and got myself locked", Ryan chuckled, all of them burst out laughing. "So, when are you getting married"? Lucie almost surprised Zack with her question. "Very soon", he took a glance at his fiancée. "I wanted to ask you something", Ryan said breaking the silence "Pray tell us your query", Zack grinned.  "Why was your cousin after those paintings"? This caught everyone's attention. "Sara took out an old paper from her purse "Now don’t get angry at me but I hid this from you", she gave Zack the paper. He unfolded it and found a riddle "there's a riddle here which says -Out in the west, you'll find the rest; Hidden behind the trees, is your key". "In the West we have the redwood tree", Willy pointed out. "Good job son", Laney complimented. "And what about the painting that you replaced, where is it"? Zack asked Sara casually. She giggled like a little girl "And here I thought you don’t know about it? Can I ever hide anything from you"?  He smiled "I don’t think so".  They all finished their lunch and soon after that Lucie brought the painting which contained the key towards legacy. To take it out they had to tear off the painting where it was pasted with frame. The sun was about to set when they decide to ride west and to get their faster Zack and Sara rode the same horse, he didn’t want to leave her alone anymore while Willy and his mother rode the white mare; Ryan and Laney rode their horses alone. By the time they reached there only flickers of sunlight were visible, they had shovels and axes along with them. They started digging the ground near the tree and after almost half an hour of digging they got down to one feet depth, but couldn’t find any clue.
 "How much does this mean to you”, Sara asked Zack while they were relaxing on a bench close to the tree. Laney had these benches made so that during summer they could enjoy their evenings here watching the sun set." Not more than you", he looked at her eyes. "I must say we were digging the wrong place", she said out of the blue. "How do you know"? Laney was sitting in the adjoining bench with his wife. Ryan and Willy had gone to take a walk near the garden. Sara took out the map which they found in the frame  "Well if you look at the map here you can see that the tree with a bend is located East and the legacy is almost at the centre from here and it is surrounded by five trees which have been planned in the same row", she said."It's in the rose garden", Lucie indicated, "Yes that’s the only place where we found the Chinese barberry plants", Laney informed them. Now they just had to go there and start digging again. But since the sun was set so they couldn’t the next step.
The next day they dug the garden and almost ten feet below depth a treasure box was found which had a few pictures of Zack's ancestors and the rest was filled with jewels. The jewels they gave it to an orphanage secretly and kept the photos. Even after all this Sara didn’t look too happy , though she enjoyed herself, she had returned back to her old job but now as an assistant editor and after attending an interview when she returned, she found  Zack had prepared special dinner for her, they had each others key cards so they could use it anytime . He could see she had put on a mask of happiness for him, so he did the right thing" Pack your bags immediately", "I don’t plan to move out of my apartment", he knew she was possessive of her assets but triggering her anger intrigued him. "We are going to LA for a few days", she narrowed her brows "pack a few gifts for your parents ", she quirked her brow, to which he smiled and said "I have already ordered something special for our angel". 
###
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?
Thanks!
Paramita
About the author:
Paramita Choudhury believes in romance, love, fun and if you are living a life without any of these three things then it’s possibly not worth living. Every person’s life has its own mystery and romance becomes a part of it at one or other stages. She is a student of Anthropology and spends most of her time observing fellow humans. She wants her readers to have a colorful life just as much as the characters here in this eBook.
Other titles by the author include:
A Romantic Mystery
Coming Soon
The Mysterious Woman Series: Revenge
If Sara and Zack’s story excited your thoughts then please check out my upcoming novella on Michelle and Ryan. It would be fun to find out how both these people with totally different attitude fall in love. You would also get a glimpse on how the previous characters are going on with their lives and a bonus to that a few new characters would be added to double the fun, suspect and thrill.
Chapter 1
  "Mom I think the hair pin will come out any moment", Sara complained. "Don’t worry honey, I fixed it right this time", her mother replied. The lady has been checking Sara's hair pin for the last twenty minutes. Her hair was done in a messy bun style and a glistening added a regal air to the style. "Did anyone ever call you complain box"? Mitchell joked. "Worst joke I ever heard", Sara's mood would not brighten up today. Karen couldn’t take up her daughter's sour mood anymore, "Girls I suppose these problems should have been solved on your bachelorette party".  Mitchell knew it better than to worry the bride's mother "Let me go and see Lucie, she might need my help", she left the room. As she was talking to a few of the guests she noticed Ryan walking towards her with a rose in his hand I can't believe my luck today Mr. Pig head is going to propose me. She excused herself and walked up to him. For a few minutes both of them just stared at each other. She looks divine today. Since he wouldn’t start talking, so she took the lead "I'm the maid of honor, how can I help you"? He extended the rose to her and said "This is for you", he added the last word with more stress. Her smile turned to a gleam. 
Her excitement knew no bounds, but she couldn’t express it "Tell me you didn’t bring this yourself ", while secretly hoping his answer to be positive. Breakings lose all her hopes he smiled "Oh, Zack gave it to me, so that I could pass it to you and in order it would be passed to the bride ". She started investigating the adjoined wall puzzling him "What are you doing"? "Trying to hide myself", she was too embarrassed with herself "Why would you do that Ryan further enquired scratching his chin in the process. She had seen him doing this while giving interviews" Do you have pigmentation problem"? Before he could answer her Emily pulled her towards the bride's room.
"When will she come out"? Zack whispered to Laney his best man, Armel was standing beside the latter and Willy was the junior Groom's man. After a few more minutes Sara came out she had worn a heavily beaded neckline gown with an open back. It was a Faille style gown, walking with her father towards the altar she had put on her expressionless mask which made him anxious. Today Mitchell was her Maid of honor, Lucie the bride's maid and Emily Junior bride's maid. When the priest completed his prayers, Zack took his oath and then it was her turn to say 'I do' but she remained silent. Mitchell nudged her back "Girl if I would be in your place I would have screamed I do by now". The bride finally broke her silence "Actually I need a glass of water". "How can she ask for water now"? Ryan asked Karen, who was sitting beside him "She's nervous", the lady answered him. Sara was immediately provided with a glass of water, she drank it to her fulfillment and as if she was exhausted, she took her oath and the Priest finally declared "You may now kiss the bride". As he was about to kiss her she fainted in his arms, her breath too shallow for her to be alive.
Find out more about the author’s mysterious ideas: 
Follow me on twitterhttp://twitter.com/param8
Friend me on facebook: http://facebook.com/pccoolparamita
Subscribe to my blog:http:/meloheartsite.wordpress.com
Favorite me at smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/meloheart
