PUBLISHED BY:

Ronnee-Lee Parks on 
Smashwords


The Wren

Ronnee-Lee Parks

Copyright Ronnee-Lee Parks 2012

Published at Smashwords


Smashwords License Statement 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author




Thank you for downloading this free E-book. Please leave comments, good or bad, so I can make improvements.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. 

This book contains mature content (language, violence and sexual situations) and is intended for mature readers.
CHAPTER I

When was her life going to change? Once again her boys were driving her nuts.  She grabbed the youngest by the shirt collar and pulled him to her. “If you do not want to get a spanking when we get home, I suggest you behave!” she scolded through clenched teeth.  Keene was a cute, freckle faced, little tease.  He loved to flirt with girls of all ages and since they thought it was cute, he was able to flirt at will.  Rampant and active, Keene was the baby and he knew how to work that to his advantage. Ryder on the other hand was at times less mature than his younger brother. Very intelligent, quiet, shy and not yet into girls, Ryder usually was in a world of his own.

Turning to see her oldest boy peaking out from behind the corner of the isle, Bronwyn gritted her teeth, “Ryder you are the oldest, you should be setting a better example for your younger brother.  Now get over here and walk by my side like gentleman and not heathens.”  Ryder was walking towards her, when she turned to walk out into the main isle and ran smack dab into the chest of the most gorgeous man she had ever seen.  His eyes glittered with mischievousness, his teeth glowing white behind his smile.  Bronwyn was fairly tall for a woman standing at 5’10”, but this stranger towered over her by at about 6 inches.  Her eyes traveled to his hair, which was thick, black and perfectly tossed about.  Stammering at the sight of the modern Greek god, Bronwyn let go of Keene’s hand and he took off after Ryder, who had been taunting him behind the isle corner.

“I do apologize for running into you like that.  I wasn’t looking.  I guess I was preoccupied with my children.”  Her insecure eyes drifted to the floor, not wanting to look him in the face.  Hearing the sound of running feet, she looked up with apologetic eyes, “Again, I am sorry.  I have to go get my boys.”

As she turned to go, she felt a strong hand grasp her upper arm.  The most beautiful, melodic, masculine voice she had ever heard flowed from between, what she now noticed to be perfect, sensual male lips, “It is ok Ma’am. I grew up in a large family and I have several nephews of my own.  Here you look tired, I will get the boys.” Before she could object, he raised his hand, “Scouts honor, I will not kidnap, maim, hurt, beat, yell at or punish the boys in any way.”  He had a little quirk of a smile that curled the corner of his luscious mouth.  

Once again moving her eyes to the floor, “Well, OK.  You would just bring them back anyway.”  A half-hearted attempt at a laugh escaped her lips. “I will wait here with your buggy.”

The tall gentleman walked away towards the giggling and running feet he heard in the near distance.  As he walked away, Bronwyn perused him and admired his long legs, with their, purposeful stride, his well-rounded and shaped buttocks. “Hell,” she mumbled, “what an ass.”  His shoulders were wide and you could see muscular definition from the movements beneath his shirt.  She noticed last, but definitely not least, that his hair was just a tad bit long.  He had black curls about his collar that gave him a rebellious look.

In what seemed like an eternity, yet a few bare moments of peace, he was back, one boy’s hand in each of his own.  Bronwyn rubbed her eyes and looked again.  Could these saintly looking children really be hers?  They were walking just as tall and proud as this stranger, whom they had never met before.  She allowed her eyes to stray to his face, the only part of his body she had not greatly perused.  He had grey eyes with an eternal depth in them. Ronnee never had seen grey eyes before and they mystified her. His nose was aristocratic. In fact, she thought, that is the only way to describe his entire being, aristocratic.  He had a strong jaw, a wide muscular chest and narrow hips.  At that point, she stopped for they were standing in front of her.  Her boys were staring at her, their eyes full of questions.  She realized that they had been standing there for a few moments as she “checked” this stranger out.  Embarrassment rose to her cheeks and they turned to a nice shade of pink. “I, uh, I wanted to thank you for getting my boys.  I am sorry to be such a bother to you.”  She reached out for their hands, but Keene, being the ever so observant one, said “Mommy we can’t go. He promised us ice cream if we behaved.” 

A smile escaped her lips for there wasn’t a reason to be jealous or upset that this total stranger had controlled her boys in a matter of moments, something she hadn’t been able to do in years.  He had bribed them.  As she looked back up, she could still feel her heated cheeks from the embarrassment of being caught scoping him out.  He looked at her with gleeful eyes, “Well, yes I guess I did bribe them a little.  They have stuck to their part of the bargain, now I must stick to mine.”  The words flowed from his mouth and as they caressed Bronwyn’s ears, she felt giddy.  She detected an accent that wasn’t from around these parts, but also seemed as old as time itself.  It was an impression of self assurance, self confidence and pride that were bred into him through generations.

“I am sorry, we do not mean to be such a hassle to you.  It is obvious that you are not from around here.  I am sure that you have to be somewhere, meet someone, or something,” she stated matter-of-factly.

“Actually, no.  I just stopped in this town because I wanted to.  It seems so quaint and historic.  I am on holidays.”  With that word, Bronwyn knew that he either lived over seas or had been over seas quite a bit. 

“I do not want to impose.  You really don’t have to buy them ice cream.  Actually they don’t deserve it, running about like they were.”  She tried to get Keene’s hand, but he pulled back, “He promised Momma.”

With a smug expression, the unknown stranger did an about face and led the boys to a small cafe in the store. While they walked to the counter together, he chatted with them like they were his own children.  He seemed at ease with them.  Worse yet they appeared to take to him immediately and that worried Bronwyn.  She hadn’t dated anyone in years because the boys wanted a daddy so bad that they tended to latch onto any male figure that entered their life.  She couldn’t forget her last failed relationship.  The boys loved him, she loved him, or at least thought she did, but he didn’t reciprocate the same type of love.  He wanted to date his old high school sweetheart.  What could she do?  She let him go.  She also took the brunt of the blame for him leaving as she did not want the boys to think badly of him.  She’ll never forget the day when Ryder said he hated her for making Sam leave.  

Again, Bronwyn was day dreaming not realizing the trio was staring at her, “Momma, you ok?” Ryder queried.  

“Oh, yes, I am fine.  Did you say something?”  

“Gavin needs to know what kind of ice cream you want.”  Both of the boys looked impatiently at her since they had to wait on her decision before they could order their ice cream.  

“Gavin, who is Gavin?” As soon as the question came out, Bronwyn felt like an idiot.  She looked at the tall stranger, “Oh, sorry, I guess I should have figured that out on my own.  No, thank you. I do not want anything.”  She shifted her eyes to her purse.  She knew how things were, if she ordered an ice cream then Gavin and everyone else would think that she eats nothing but garbage.  She was over weight, she knew it and she definitely wasn’t proud of it. 

In the marked distance, she heard him finish placing the order.  The sultry voice echoed in her head.  What is wrong with me, she thought.  I am acting like a 16 year old girl who has a crush on the high school quarterback.  Shaking her head, she lifted her chin again and worked to gain composure.  Subconsciously she tried to make sure that her outfit was arranged correctly and ran her fingers through her hair.  There I go again, she contemplated, acting like a teenager.

She followed the entourage to a nearby table.  She was still, unknowingly, taking care of his cart. She half hazardly looked at the stuff in the cart and she noticed a book on medieval warfare, sunflower seeds, paper, pencils, and some men’s personal bathroom items.  Her cheeks turned pink once again as she was caught spying in the buggy. “Mom, are you coming?” a little voice wondered.

She went over and sat down.  Those devious little hellions sat next to each other, leaving only one other seat; the one next to Gavin.  Her cheeks grew a darker pink and she stammered, shut her mouth and just sat down.  In front of her was a small cone of frozen vanilla yoghurt. “I am sorry. I said I didn’t want anything.”

Gavin shifted next to her, “The boys said you wouldn’t order anything because you were always worried about your weight, however, I do not want to be rude and eat in front of you, so I took the liberty of ordering something I thought you might like.”

What could Bronwyn say? She murmured thank you and started to nibble on the cone.  His presumptuous attitude started to annoy her.  He was making decisions for her and she didn’t even know his name, well at least the rest of his name, and he didn’t know hers. She was scrounging up the nerve to say something to the effect that if she wanted ice cream she would have ordered some, when he spoke.

“By the way, let me introduce myself.  I mean it is only appropriate since we are having an ice cream date.”  With that word, Keene and Ryder giggled.  The glare of all glares from their mother silenced them. “I am Gavin Rowen Armstrong. May I inquire as to your name?”

“Bronwyn Lee Traversham, but people call me Ronnee.  Nice to meet you Gavin.”  She took the hand he was holding out and shook it.  When their skin touched she felt a shock, like a spark of electricity was jolting between their palms. It was like someone had attached jumper cables from her hand to his and passed the current back and forth for the strength of the shock was great.  It frightened her a bit and she pulled her hand back.  Before her eyes left his, she saw a look of confusion.  Thinking back on their introduction, she was highly embarrassed that she introduced her self with three names.  Only an idiot would do that.  She never thought twice as to why he spoke as such.  Everything he did just seemed to flow from him naturally.

Gavin looked hard at this woman. She wasn’t his usual type. She was tall and well proportioned. She was over weight, but her carriage didn’t show it as much as it would normally show on others. Her hair was a mixture of blondes and browns and waved about her shoulders. Her bright blue eyes held a depth in them that locked his gaze more than once already. She was insecure and Gavin, for the life of him couldn’t figure out why. She must have been mistreated before, he guessed. He watched her try to eat the ice cream in silence with an almost desperate attempt to look like she didn’t want it. Her eyes gave her away once again. They showed the delight in this small thing, even as she slowly and deliberately licked the cone. As he watched her eat and battle with her emotions, Gavin became intrigued. The more he stared and wondered, the more he thought about her. The more he thought about her, the more he realized how bad he wanted her. Why, he asked himself.  She was pretty, but somewhere inside Gavin knew that she was a real beauty. Before he tore his gaze away from her, Gavin looked deep into her eyes one more time. What he saw shocked him to the very core. Gavin paused in his own devouring, as he saw himself, or at least a part of himself deep inside her soul. His heart skipped a beat as he wondered just what the hell was going on.

Ronnee was trying to eat her small cone is relative peace, but the perusal she was undergoing was just about as unnerving as anything. Every once in a while, she would look up at this man and he would catch her eye. She had to struggle to look away. By the time she would, she had a feeling that he had discovered something about her that perhaps she didn’t even know, or didn’t want to acknowledge. When this man stared at her, it was as though he was staring at her soul. His eyes made her quake and quiver inside as she once again held his gaze. She was so confused by his attentions that she never attempted to truly look into his eyes.

The boys had finished their ice cream in relative silence and with quite good behavior, much to Bronwyn’s surprise.  However, just as she felt that she had control over this nutty situation, she lost control again.

“Oh, my gosh, Momma, who is that man with you?!”  Bronwyn closed her eyes and wanted to climb under the table.  She turned her head to kiss the soft young face that was lowered to meet her lips.  Amanda-Lynne, her teenaged high school daughter, bent over and offered her cheek to her Mom. Amanda was taller than Bronwyn, even at the tender age of 14 and already a sophomore in high school. She was quick witted and very intelligent, her only fault being she thought the world should bow down to her. Bronwyn accepted responsibility for her upwards way, for it was she that spoiled the girl so bad.  Slender and tan with blonde hair, Amanda never had problems making friends, nor fitting in.  She was athletic and had a build that most girls her age would die for.

Gavin rose from his chair, “Hello, I am Gavin Rowen Armstrong, but you may call me Gavin.  And what might the name of this enchanting creature be?”

“Gavin this is my daughter, Amanda. Amanda this is Gavin.”

“I heard him Mom,”   with a slight bit of sarcasm in her voice, Amanda fell completely under the spell of this gorgeous man standing next to her very uncomfortable looking mother.

“Would you like to sit and join us, Amanda?”  Gavin dolled out.  Amanda fairly pushed one of the boys from their chair, so she could sit across from Gavin, an action that didn’t sit well with Bronwyn.  

“Now Amanda, that wasn’t called for.  You could have asked nicely.”

Amanda didn’t flinch.  Seeing that she was purposefully, or so he thought, ignoring her mother, Gavin gained Amanda’s attention, “Amanda you were a bit impolite.  Do you not think you might owe the boys an apology?”

With that Amanda smiled, “Oh but yes of course.  I am sorry boys, come here and give me a hug.”

Bronwyn heard a person clear their throat behind her.  She hadn’t noticed her best friend Elizabeth standing there with her daughter Amanda-Nicole.  Seeing someone, who knew her better than she knew her self, caused Bronwyn to stand.  She leaned over and gave Elizabeth a hug, then gave the same to Amanda-Nicole.  “I am sorry, Beth I didn’t know you were here.”

“How else did you think Amanda got here?”  She questioned with raised eyebrows.

“To be honest, I didn’t even think about it.”

“I can see why your mind would be elsewhere.”  Beth said while both Amandas giggled.

Elizabeth leaned over towards Gavin, “I am sorry my friend is so rude as to not introduce us, I am Elizabeth and this is my daughter Amanda.”

Gavin, who had been standing once he realized there were more ladies in his presence, took her hand and kissed the back of it, “The pleasure is all mine. My name is Gavin Rowen Armstrong. What a beautiful pair.  I can definitely see where the beauty in this family comes from. And you must be, did I hear right, Amanda?  We have two Amandas here?”  That, being a long time joke between the four of them, started a round of laughter.  Oh gosh how good it was to be laughing and not so tense, thought Bronwyn.

“Yes, both are Amanda, however you may call Elizabeth’s Amanda, Colee.”

“No, he may not, I am Amanda. You know I can’t stand to be called Colee.  I only allow you to do it because you’re my aunt.”  Amanda-Nicole stated boldly.

Laughing, Bronwyn finished, “I know, so how about we introduce you as Amanda-Nicole and then Amanda-Lynne for my daughter, but then of course, I doubt that Mr. Armstrong...”

“Gavin please, no formalities needed.” Gavin let his gaze wonder over the slighter built Amanda-Nicole. Her blonde hair and features were remarkably like her mothers. Her big blue eyes and slender, slight framed build reeked with femininity. Her voice was quiet and soft and her demeanor gentle. She was a girl that made a man feel like he wanted to protect her.

“I am, ahem, sorry. However, I doubt that Gavin will be here long.  He is on holi…vacation and is just passing through.”

That statement made both of the Amandas groan.  The boys imitated the girly noises with exaggeration in sound and body language and started laughing.  At once both Amandas yelled, “Shut up!”

Bronwyn rolled her eyes.  She could see that she wasn’t going to get those two girls away from him too easily.  Gavin shifted uncomfortably in his chair for the two girls were staring at him and whispering.  He had always been ogled, but for some reason the Amandas were really making him blush.  

Gavin, in an attempt to regain poise, struggled to control the conversation, “Actually, I have taken a liking to his area. There is much to do.  A lot of history around here.  I could spend weeks, perhaps months researching and delving into the past.  I would love to see the sights and museums.  I believe that I will stay for awhile. I do have a bit of business in the area as well.”  Both of the Amandas stared at Gavin and started whispering to each other again.

“Beth, I need to go to the restroom, would you mind watching the boys.”

“Actually, I was headed that way, but I guess I can wait until you get back.”

Gavin turned his attention back on Bronwyn, his grey eyes piercing her very soul. “I will watch the children while you two ladies freshen up.”

“Mr. Arm…Gavin, I do not want to impose upon you anymore than I already have.”

Elizabeth reached out and grabbed Ronnee’s hand, “Oh, please.  Let’s go.  Stop being such a prude.  The children will be fine.  They seem to adore Gavin.”  She looked straight at the girls, who blushed in silence.

Bronwyn and Elizabeth walked over a few isles to the bathroom.  Ronnee remembered the first time meeting Beth and their years together. She always admired Beth for she was the epitome of a perfect mother and housewife. She could sew, bake and completely spoil four kids at once, not to mention their cat. She was quiet mannered and always there for you no matter what. She loved her children and her husband and was very rarely seen without one or all of them at her side. She loved Amanda-Lynne like Ronnee loved Amanda-Nicole. They were there for births and deaths, rough spots in marriages and Ronnee’s divorce. The best thing she liked about Beth is that no matter how wrong you were, Beth was there to help lead you out of the mess. She had a great ear on her and she had a demeanor that made you feel relaxed and gave you the desire to spill your beans. She was never rude, boorish or told tainted jokes. Her voice was soft and her smile warm. She never made you feel inferior or stupid; she just let you be you. She was slender and had a thick head of hair. Her heart was made of gold and she would chisel parts of her gilded core if you asked.

As soon as they entered Elizabeth let her have it, “Ok, fork it out, all of it. How did you meet him?  Where did you meet him?  I want to know all the details.”

“Really, Elizabeth. There isn’t much to tell.  The boys were...well, being themselves.  I ran into him.  He got the boys, bribed them with ice cream to behave.  We sat down, ate ice cream and you showed up.  See nothing at all.” Ronnee said with a shrug of her shoulders, working hard to act as nonchalant as possible.

“And let me guess, you didn’t even notice that he is utterly the best looking man we have ever seen?  You never saw his nice body, noticed his gorgeous eyes, nor his beautiful blue-black hair?”  Elizabeth starred hard at Bronwyn, knowing she couldn’t lie to her.

Bronwyn felt the heat rising to her checks, to her whole head actually.  “Well, maybe...”

“There’s no maybe about it.  I hit that nail on the head.  You are so red that you look like a lobster.”  Elizabeth’s laugh infested Bronwyn and she too started to laugh.

After a few minutes, Bronwyn was relieved of some of the tension inside her.  She turned to the mirror, “You have a brush?”

Elizabeth rummaged through her purse and pulled out a brush and some lip gloss, “Here you go.”

Bronwyn looked at her friend and rolled her eyes.  “He is NOT interested in me.  If he is, it is because he pities me or thinks he can get some from me.  I am not even close to his type.”

“Believe whatever you want but I saw the way he stared at you.  He has eyes only for you.”

“As Amanda says, whatever.”

The women left the bathroom laughing and Bronwyn was relaxed.  Elizabeth always did know how to make her feel better.  But then again, isn’t that what best friends are for?  

When they arrived back at the table both of the Amandas had booted the boys out of their seats and were slowly eating ice cream, their eyes never leaving the man in front of them.  Ryder and Keene were sitting next to Gavin with their full attention on him as well.

“Hell, even my kids worship him.  He isn’t that good looking.”

Elizabeth looked at her, “Whatever.”  They laughed, their heads hitting as they leaned towards each other with knowledge of the joke. When their heads clunked together, both women yelled “Ow’ a little too loud and started laughing harder as they rubbed their foreheads.

Elizabeth and Bronwyn took seats across from Gavin and the children.  He was telling them a story.  After listening to his masculine voice, Bronwyn figured out it was about an adventure in Alaska. Looking over, she saw Elizabeth immersed into his story as well. “I don’t believe this,” Bronwyn mumbled.

Try as she might, Bronwyn couldn’t help but to be sucked into the story. He sounded like he was reliving the story right then and there for them.  He told of cold, frost bite, dog fights and of course, what else, but him saving the day.  Nothing special, he just hiked out across part of the tundra, with no food, minimal water and found help for the rest of the party.  “Probably made it up.” Bronwyn amused her self with.

When his story was through, Gavin stood up.  He stretched his 6’4” tall frame and moved over to let the boys out of the booth. “I must thank you for a wonderful afternoon, however, I need to get to a meeting in a couple of hours. Do you know of a place for me to stay?  The hotel here is rather small and booked up.”

 “Sure, Bronwyn has…..ouch… what did you do that for?” Elizabeth asked as she turned to Bronwyn.

Bronwyn shot daggers at her friend once she realized what Beth was trying to do. “There are more hotels down the road about 30 minutes in a bigger town.”  Bronwyn said.  “I am sure you can find one there.”

“But yes of course there would be.”  Gavin bowed his head a bit, “It was very nice meeting you Elizabeth and Amanda-Nicole?” He looked at her questioning the name to see if it was correct.

Amanda-Nicole blushed and stammered, “Yup that is me.”

“And I might say that these two boys are very adventurous and have kept me on my toes this afternoon.  It has been a long time since I have seen my nephews.  I had forgotten what boys were like with their energy and not to mention how much fun they are to be with.”  He turned to Amanda-Lynne, “What a pleasure to meet such an enchanting young lady.”

Bronwyn was fiddling in her purse when she sensed everyone staring at her.  She lifted her head to see Gavin standing in front of her, his eyes searching. He took her hand and placed it in his.  Bronwyn didn’t realize this until afterwards, for he held her gaze and never let his eyes leave hers. He slowly raised her hand to his mouth and kissed the back ever so softly, letting his lips graze over her skin.  The touch of his lips alone sent waves of emotions flowing through her.  With his eyes still locked onto hers, Bronwyn felt like he was searching her soul, delving to find out her hidden deep dark secrets. “I can see where your children get their vivaciousness from and not to mention their love of life and beauty.”  The spell collapsed when he broke eye contact with her, and she slowly regained control of her senses. 

“It was nice meeting you as well, Gavin.  You have been kind to spend your afternoon with us here.” Bronwyn felt like her voice was coming from somewhere else.  

The party turned to leave the little café.  Elizabeth and both of the Amandas went back to shopping.  Bronwyn and her boys took their buggy to the check out stand.  Gavin followed suit.  

After they were at their cars, Bronwyn was embarrassed to notice that Gavin was parked next to her old car in a brand new Lexus convertible.  “Definitely not a family car,” Bronwyn said absently.

The boys had climbed in to the back seat of her car, and Bronwyn walked the buggy over to the return station.  Gavin was right behind her.  She turned to leave but he blocked her progress.

“There is something about you, something indescribable.  I can see it in your eyes.  You are not as you seem.  You are not as you were.  There is someone hiding in there that is dying to get out.  You completely intrigue me.  Your eyes have a depth that can only be found if the seeker knows how to find it.  You try to block your feelings, but I see them. I see hurt, pain, stress, and lots of locked up love.  My dear Bronwyn, I want to see you again.”

“I am sure that you have lots of girl friends and that you do not need to tie yourself down to a single, over-weight, busy mom.  I thank you once again for your kindness, but I do not need your pity.”  Defiance rang in her voice, her chin high.  

“See there it is, that person dying to get out.  The person you want people to see is not the person you are, but the person you seem.  I will see you again, Bronwyn, I know that in my heart.  As far as being a single mom, there isn’t anything to pity about that, and everyone is busy, and as far as I can see, you are not obese. You are suppressed.”

Before he turned to leave, he grasped her face in his hands. “I want to see you again.  Please.  Your eyes are begging for something, they are tearing into my heart, it pains me.  There is something about you that …well, it is like I have known you since the beginning of time.  I know that sounds crazy, and you can be rest assured that I do not go around accosting ladies, because as you said, I can get whomever I want. I must go now. This is to remember me by.”  He bent his head and lightly grazed his lips over hers. Not really a kiss, but a promise of what is yet to come.

Bronwyn stood there.  Her whole body felt numb, her lips tingled from his touch.  She felt like a statue, because her legs were frozen in time from the impact this man had on her.  She watched him entered the little sports car and start it up, grab a cell phone and make a call.  As he drove past her, he winked.  Only when he was out of sight, was Bronwyn able to move and walk to her car.

Gavin was not sure what just happened.  After he hung up his cell phone, Gavin pulled into a gas station and soon realized that there were no longer full service stations here anymore.  Gavin exited his car and walked to the pump.  As he pumped the gas, he recounted the last hour.

All Gavin could really remember was that he was walking down an isle way at the store, when a woman ran into him.  His first thought was about her rudeness, he wasn’t in the best of moods today, because a business deal that he had been working on for months was about to sour if he couldn’t fix it.  That is the main reason he was in this little town, his love of history was only second to business.  

When he looked at the woman, she seemed average, but when he looked into the depths of her radiant blue eyes, he felt like she was calling him.  He felt trapped by the deep sorrow and anxiety that they portrayed.  He felt like she had an ageless soul and a trapped personality that she was forcing to stay down.  He felt like she was hiding the true her for some reason and forcing herself to exist as she is.

Gavin thought to himself that none of this was his concern but found himself taking her and her children and then her friends out for ice cream.  He felt like he owed her this.  He shook his head, no he didn’t owe anyone in this area anything.  Perhaps it was his conscience over this business deal he is working on.  Sure there would be some people out of work here, but there will be even more jobs at the new plant, which won’t be too far from the old one.

When he was done pumping his gas, he called his cousin again, this time the phone rang. “Hello, Mike.  Yes, can you please run a complete financial analysis on Brave Industries and tell me what you find?  Yes, ok.  Yes that is correct.  Oh, and one more thing Mike, will you see what you can find out anything about a Bronwyn Lee Traversham?  Yes, just fax it to my E-Fax account and as soon as I found out where I am staying I will let you know.  Ok, Mike, thank you again.  Yes, me too, Bye.”

Gavin climbed back into the small convertible.  Now why did he ask Mike to find out about his woman?  And why was he possessed by her? Why did he strongly desire to kiss her, to be a part of her, hell, to be honest, she impacted him so hard that he wanted to make love to her right then and there. He has met many women, some better looking, skinnier and without children.  Children really do not bother him, but why this one?  Gavin started the car and headed north on the local highway to find a nice hotel.  He had a lot to do before his plant tour tomorrow and he needed to get started.  He had to get this deal back on track.  It was worth millions to him.  Ok Gavin, he thought to himself, get your mind back on the deal. Remember the deal.  There are lots of women, but not near as many big deals like this one. Gavin forced his mind to stay on track about the upcoming business proposition as he drove into the next town.

CHAPTER II

Bronwyn woke the next morning at 5:45 a.m. with her alarm.  She rolled over and turned it off.  Closing her eyes for a moment, she stretched and contemplating her reasons for returning for another day at the mill.  God, how she hated that place, but she had to earn money to support them for she refused to crawl back to her family and ask for help. So once again, she forced her inner will down and climbed out of bed to go wake the children for school. Ronnee was glad there wasn’t but another month of school left.

Once Amanda, Ryder and Keene were off to their respective schools, Bronwyn showered and readied herself for work.  Her clothes consisted of a tank top under her very own Brave Ind. shirt with her name on it, a pair of old cutoff shorts, her hair pulled back into a pony tail and pinned against her head to keep it from getting caught into the machine and last, but not least, a pair of comfortable boots to help her feet get through the next 12 hours of walking on cement.

Bronwyn arrived at work on time, clocked in, hauled her 100 pound tool box out of its locker and placed it on her cart.  She gathered a few extra supplies and pushed the buggy over by the lead maintenance man’s office for their morning meeting.  Another day, another quarter, Bronwyn amused herself with.  Same thought everyday.  

After the meeting was over, Joe, another maintenance man on her level, asked her if she could come over and help him with a machine down.  He told her of the damage the night shift had caused because of their negligence in not watching the machine.  Same story, different day, Bronwyn amused herself once again. Ronnee looked about as she walked to his downed machine. The plant was old, sure, but it could look so much nicer. Maybe she was being too girly, but she thought the hanging cobwebs and dirt and years of junk on the metal walls could be removed. It certainly would help the people who had allergies. The machines were in fairly good shape especially considering the age of most of them.  The plant seemed to have aged forty or fifty years ago without much technological change. If you looked at the yellow caution lines painted on the floor, you could see decades of repainting piled on top. The floors had never been stripped and refinished or recoated, but waxed over and over.

The plant was divided into three sections, each section containing a different process or step in yarn processing. The part Ronnee worked in was the oldest. There were buggies and racks of finished and unfinished yarn stacked against the walls, waiting to be taken to the next step required before leaving the plant. Beside each machine were empty and full buggies for creel and bucket yarn and a buggy for the empty yarn tubes.  There was also a buggy for the doffed yarn that the operators pulled from the machine that waited for a yarn hauler to push it to its next step. The only way to describe it was organized chaos. Ronnee ran through her head dozens of things that could be handled differently to streamline procedures, but the plant manager would have none of it. The looks he gave her were borderline cruel at times. Ronnee never did understand why the odious man didn’t like her. Bringing her head back into the business at hand, Ronnee looked around for Joe.

Bronwyn strode with Joe over to his Verdol and then locked out the machine.  “Joe?”

“Ya.” Joe was not a man for many words.

“Do you think things will ever change?  I will never be promoted out of this job, will I?”  She questioned him.

“Nope, probably not. Ya know that they’ll never let a female move up here, not to where ya wanna go.  I will get this clutch off if ya’ll slide underneath, remove the belt and check the wheels.”

With that, Bronwyn knew the conversation was over and she slid her large frame under the machine.  It is always dirty under there because the operators never swept like they were supposed to.  Bronwyn was glad for the piece of cardboard under her she used to keep her hair out of the mess.  

Try as she might, she couldn’t get the wheel to budge.  The spring came off easy enough because the rocker-arms were locked into the shaft and weren’t budging. “Hey, Joe, do you think they will really shut us down when the new people buy the plant?  Hand me my hammer and sand paper, oh and a 10 mm socket.”

Joe was used to Bronwyn being able to work and talk.  He never could figure out how she had so much to say and could say it all while concentrating on her task at hand.  Everyone knew this job was beneath her, but it paid more and she was good at it. “Probably,” was all he said as he slid the requested tools underneath the machine to her.  

Joe pulled the clutch out, but it was still attached by the belt.  He could feel the vibrations of the machine as Bronwyn beat the arm off the shaft. Finally, he felt it loosen and the belt slide off the bottom, so he removed the clutch completely.  Joe looked up and saw a bunch of men in suits coming towards him.  He recognized some but sure didn’t recognize the man in the middle.  He reeks of money, Joe thought.  Damn rich people think they are better than us poor working class.  Joe decided he would take a smoke break while Bronwyn beat off the arm and sanded the burs down.  Only enough room for one person down there, was his reasoning, as he turned tail.

The crowd of people in suits walked over towards the machine that Joe just hurriedly abandoned.  The plant manager was going to show his fury at the machine still being down and show this new comer that he can run this plant with efficiency. 

Bronwyn, unaware of what was going on, hollered out from under the machine, “Joe, hand me my WD-40.  I don’t really see them shutting down the plant.  I mean, it has been open for 50 years.  You can tell by the age and condition of the machinery.”  Laughing at her own joke, she held her hand out for the can.

She felt the can placed gingerly in her hand.  Knowing Joe, she looked out and seen a pair of polished dress shoes, several pairs in fact. “Oh, shit,” she thought out loud, “opened my big mouth again at the wrong time.”

She sprayed the WD-40 on the shaft and arm and decided to let it soak in for a bit.  There was sweat, from her beating on the arm with her hammer, running down her face, back and chest.  She could feel it trickling down her front.  She had grease streaks on her face, dirt, and whatever else that was under the machine, in her hair.  She slid out, grabbed a rag and started wiping her hands off as she stood.  Everyone was awfully quiet.  

When she finished her hands, she looked up and blew a loose strand of hair out of her face, “May I help you?”

Next thing Bronwyn knew, she was looking into the eyes of no one else but Gavin.  Bronwyn almost fainted. Why did he come here? How did he know I worked here…ran through her mind in a panic.

When she finally gained focus of the whole scenario she saw the other suits, including that stuffed shirt, snotty plant manager she had run-ins all the time with.  Slowly, Bronwyn began to put two and two together. Gavin was here on business, someone was looking at buying the plant and, if the rumors were to be believed, shut it down and there was a group of suits in front of her including her Gavin.

The cocky plant manager, Mr. Jackson, stepped up, “I think you should get back to work.  You cause enough problems around here.  You’re lucky you still have a job.  I am sure that Mr. Armstrong here will not put up with your insubordinate attitude like I have the last few years.”

Bronwyn rolled her eyes. She never paid the man any attention, for he was nothing to her.  He was all hot air and truly had no idea what went on out here.  All he cared about was the bottom number, not how he attained that number.  Ignoring Mr. Jackson, as usual, Bronwyn turned to look Gavin straight in the eyes.  Now she understood.  He wanted to buy this plant and tear it apart for profit.  Her family back ground helped her understand more about business than the majority of others in the plant. Suddenly all her embarrassment became fury.  She raised her head, bringing her chin up.  Her attitude changed into that of the hidden person inside, the one who stood up for anything and everything she believed in.

“Mr. Armstrong,” she fumed out, ignoring his requests from yesterday to remain impersonal, “If you think you are going to come in here with your money, your family name.. Yes, that is right, I know who you are...”  Bronwyn noticed an amusement in his eyes, which infuriated her even more. “Buy this place out, shut it down and put all of US hard working, lower class, no accounts, as you think we are, out of work, then you have another thing coming.  I will not stand by and let you ruin dozens of families because of your greediness.”

“Ms. Traversham!” the plant manager began, but Gavin raised a hand to silence him.

“And another thing you won’t even try and let these people show you that they can run this mill.  Let us help you understand what these machines can and cannot do. Not whatever your pompous, stuffed shirt, know-it-all, better-than-thou college grads come up with their calculators and figures.  Every time they say it can be done, we tell them it can’t and guess who gets to clean up the mess! That is right, the hard workers out here in the hot, stuffy, dirty mill, not those ass-wipes.”  

A crowd had started to gather.  Several murmurs of how Bronwyn was going to lose her job this time were emulating from amidst their ranks.

With that last word, her back straight and rigid, chin high, eyes daring Gavin to say something, Bronwyn once again blew that annoying stray hair out of her face.  She realized that Gavin’s eyes were still laughing at her.  When their eyes met it felt like an eternity.

The silence was once again broken by Mr. Jackson, “I will see that she leaves today.  Her uppity attitude has been a problem around here for far too long.  I do apologize Mr. Armstrong.”
 
Gavin turned to look at the shifty man next to him, “No, she is fine.  I like to hear what the people that work in the mill have to say.”  Next thing Bronwyn knew, Gavin had leaned forward and whispered, “I knew that there was so much more to you.  I knew that you were truly a spitfire.”

Bronwyn’s cheeks glowed a rosy red.  She could feel her ears growing hotter.  Bronwyn turned on her heel and left to go sit with Joe.

Gavin turned to the rest of the group, “Shall we continue the tour? We have a schedule to keep if we want to eat lunch with the regional supervisor.”  He led the group past the break tables and caught Bronwyn’s eye.  He smiled and his eyes twinkled as if he was promising her so much more.  His audacity created more anger and she looked away. 




CHAPTER III

Rumors spread quickly about Bronwyn’s bravado towards of the suits.  She was either ostracized or worshipped, neither of which she cared about.  She only did what she thought was right.  She truly believed that anyone else in her position would do the same. She just didn’t realize that most others would have kept their mouth shut, never questioning what their superiors planned. 

 Not everyone was raised as Bronwyn was.  Her family had money.  She had access to it if she wanted the money, but she had that stubborn Traversham pride that kept her from crawling back on her knees and admit that her mother was correct, her ex-husband was truly a jerk and that she couldn’t do it on her own.  She had that rigid pride that kept her back straight and on her feet, otherwise she would have collapsed years ago.  Ronnee was raised that you had the right to state your opinion; you had the right to be heard and that you had the right to take on any job you wanted, whether it was traditionally a man’s job or not.  She wanted to prove that she could do what the men do. There were a few other women fixers or maintenance personal, but most of them looked butch.  Even with her extra weight, she still had a finesse about her that showed class.  She was and always had been a tomboy and didn’t care about getting dirty.  She loved nice dresses, houses, cars, her nails and hair done professionally, but this is some of the things she gave up to prove to her children that you have to work for a living and not live off of others.  Bronwyn was incredibly spoiled growing up and it was when she married her husband that she learned money didn’t grow on trees.

It took her a few years to recover, but she was making it on her own, raising three children without a husband.   So far, the children were the only thing she thought she could be proud of in her life, for it seemed that every other decision she made was wrong.  

Bronwyn worked her three days in a row and didn’t see Gavin again.  By the end of her third shift, the gossip died down and she was beginning to regret having a go at him.  He was nothing but nice to her while her manners left a little bit to be desired.  Did she have the right to take out the current management’s problems out on him?  

Saturday morning Bronwyn woke up early because today was mowing day.  Several times she thought about spending the money to hire someone. It wasn’t that her lawn was too large, only about an acre total, it was that she was tired after working three days in a row.  As she rolled out of bed, Ronnee could hear the boys downstairs in the living room watching cartoons.  She walked into the kitchen and sighed at the breakfast mess the boys made.  Behind her Amanda walked in, only just waking up herself.

“Morning Mom,” Amanda said as she kissed her on the cheek. “I heard last night at the high school football game about your “speech” you gave to the suits.  I also heard that someone kissed you in front of everyone.”

Turning to look her daughter in the eyes, “You heard what??  Yes, I did get a little verbal and voiced my opinion and thoughts, but Gavin most certainly did NOT kiss me. He, ah, leaned over and whispered something to me.  I didn’t catch what he said,” Bronwyn lied.

“Oh, Gavin is one of the men wanting to buy out the plant?  Does he realize that everyone in this area works there?  And that there isn’t another place to go?”

“I don’t know honey, let’s not talk about it.  Let’s eat some brekky and get started on the lawns.”

After a quick breakfast, Bronwyn and the children were outside working.  Amanda was in charge of the flower gardens, pulling weeds, listening to her Discman and just being a teen.  One of the two boys rode the riding lawn mower, while the other used a push mower or the weed eater.  Bronwyn was always stuck with the job that no one wanted to do that day.  Today it was weed-eating.  She grabbed the weed-eater and the chainsaw for she was going to get rid of some of the overgrown shrubs.  She had on the same outfit that she worked in…cutoff shorts, boots and a tank top, albeit without her work shirt.  Her hair was pulled into a pony tail again, which is where it seemed to stay.  

Before starting the yard work, Ronnee looked at her house again. It needed some painting and she could see where she would like to make additions. She saw a spot where she would like to put a pond and some ceramics and a welcome sign. She could vision the plants and flowers she would like to plant around it. She noticed that the flowers were doing fairly well that Amanda planted in a different spot a few weeks ago for a school project. Together they deemed that area the bird sanctuary and added a bird bath and bird feeder hanging on a shepherd’s hook. The sanctuary was on the right side of the porch and Ronnee thought the pond would look great on the left. With a sigh and a shrug to ward off her dreams and thoughts, she turned to the task on hand, weed-eating.

After weed-eating along the road side and edges of the shrubs, she put that aside for a bit and grabbed the chainsaw.  Keene was done with the riding lawnmower, so she took a quick break a few minutes earlier and helped him hook the wagon up to the lawn tractor.  He pulled around to the road so that she could throw the shrub waste into the back.  

Keene being the ever-so energetic eight year old, pulled the tractor out into the road and drove it around.  After a few moments he returned and parked it in the road next to her.  She cut the first few branches off and threw them into the trailer.  Keene, unbeknownst to Bronwyn, moved the lawn tractor and its trailer again.  Bronwyn tossed some more shrubs behind her to where the trailer should have been and on the second load, turned as she threw it straight into the back of a convertible.  Scaring herself, she backed up and stepped onto the chainsaw.  Which, thank goodness, wasn’t running, but just idling, the chain was stilled with the new clutch system.  Her legs, however, weren’t so lucky, as she stepped backwards, the back of her ankle and calf scraped down the chain leaving a bloody trail.

After scraping up the back of her leg, she fell backwards as her other foot caught on another branch and she landed on her butt in the shrubs.  Sticks, sticky needles and lord only knows what else, enveloped her as she settled deep into the shrub.  Amanda, the ever-so-loving daughter, was laughing hard while she rolled in the grass.  Ryder and Keene came running to help their mother out of the shrub.  

Amanda took a few moments to regain her composure, then she came over as well.  She moved the branches, and the chainsaw. From the corner of her eye, Amanda-Lynne saw someone exit the convertible.  She looked up into the intense grey eyes of Gavin.

Gavin took a couple of minutes to get out of his car because he was covered in branches and whatnot.  Bronwyn threw quite a load in there before realizing the cart wasn’t there.  It was humorous until a large branch hit him in the head.

Seeing her moving backwards and the inevitable fall put Gavin into motion.  He pushed the branches aside and launched over the car door.  He grabbed the chainsaw and hit the kill switch, impressed with the fact that this “woman” knew to buy a chainsaw with a clutch system.

He moved the boys, who were very upset. Keene was crying apologizing for moving the cart and goofing around.  Ryder was trying to move Keene aside so he could help his trapped and, in his mind, horribly hurt mother.  

As Gavin stood up, he ran into Amanda, who cemented in place, at the site of him.  He had to pick her up and move her over and slowly deposited one child after another out of the way, so that he could reach Bronwyn.

Bronwyn was struggling to get up but was caught up in the branches.  The back of her leg stung horridly where she had grazed the chainsaw chain and she had scrapes all over her back and arms and legs from the shrubs.  She wanted to sit there and cry.  She knew the boys were trying to move branches out of the way and was lying fairly still until she saw her greatest fear in a web next to her head.  With a scream of all screams, she started kicking and struggling to get out.  The spider was huge in Ronnee’s panicked mind.  Not realizing who was there, she kicked Gavin in the stomach. 

Unfazed, Gavin reached in a grabbed a flailing arm.  Not sure of why she was screaming loudly, he had visions of serious injuries running through his head.  All he could think of was pulling her out and taking her to the hospital.

Gavin grabbed Ronnee’s arm, once she had something solid to grab onto, she pulled herself out as hard as he pulled and smacked into his solid chest.  Still screaming about the spider, she was dancing about and flailing her arms about her head trying to brush off the spider that she just knew was in her hair.

After a few well landed hits, Gavin grabbed her arms and pinned them to her chest as he held her struggling body against his.

This infuriated her even more, because she still did not consciously know who was there and most of all, who was holding her.  Bronwyn started kicking with all her might backwards.  “Unhand me you evil person.  Mandi, run call the police.  Get the boys in the house.  Don’t let this man touch you.!!”  Bronwyn was screaming with all her might.

Gavin realized that she wasn’t going to calm, too much had happened too quickly to her. He fell down sideways tucking her into him, so she wouldn’t hit the ground and then quickly rolled over on top of her, pinning her down.  After a few moments of struggling, exhaustion over came her and Bronwyn started to actually see.  No more blind fury.  She looked up and the first thing she saw was a dirty, disheveled Gavin. His crooked, half cocked smile and those pearly whites peaking out from between those lips..oh my gosh…those lips.  He was sitting on her holding her arms down above her head.  “Are you ok?  Are you hurt anywhere?”

It was at this point, that she started to remember a bit of the last few moments that lasted an eternity.  It was Gavin’s face that she saw as she dumped the last load into the convertible.  It was Gavin’s face she was staring at as she backed up in surprise and tripped over chainsaw she had left on the ground, thereby causing her fall.  It was Gavin….  “You caused all this. Unhand me.”

“Not until you calm down and I make sure you are ok.”

“I am fine, I can assure you.”

“Did you know you were bleeding?”

“Oh, no. What did I do?” Ronnee asked, sounding overwhelmed

Gavin slowly rolled off of her and reached down and tenderly lifted her leg as he untied her boot.  He pulled the bloody boot and sock off and examined her flesh wound.  “It isn’t bad, just superficial.  But I think we need to get it cleaned immediately so there isn’t an infection.”

Stress and the pain from that wound and the many scratches and bruises Bronwyn had about her, were just too much and she started to cry.  “I am such a dolt.  I am sorry.  I have ruined your car, messed up and probably ruined your clothes, which would take me a year to pay for.  I hurt all over, yelled at you, hit and kicked and lord only knows what else.  I am so sorry.  I will take care of this.  Just let me know how much I owe you.”  She just started sobbing, which turned into crying, something she didn’t relish doing.  She felt strong arms pick her up and place her onto a lap. She felt them envelope her and hold her.  She was safe, even if just for a few moments and had a lot to let out.  She cried as she hadn’t cried since her divorce, as she hadn’t cried since her loss of love and life, as she hadn’t cried since…well, she just can‘t remember.

Sometime later, Bronwyn realized that she was now indoors, downstairs in her living room.  For how long, she really didn’t know.  All she knew is that she felt better, like a burden had been lifted off of her shoulders.  She sniffed and found a hanky in her hand.  It was real silk and had the initials GRA meticulously embroidered into the material.  It was so beautiful that it made her start crying again.

“I have no idea what is wrong with me,” she sniffed, “I am usually not like this.  I rarely cry, well to this extent anyway.”

She realized after a few moments that Gavin was still holding her on the couch and was softly singing to her a song in another language.  French, perhaps.  Didn’t matter it was so lovely.  The sound rolled out of his mouth and caressed the insides of her ears as it passed through the auditory system and moved to her brain.  There the sound reverberated through her skull.  It lulled her into a dream like trance.  His deep voice embraced her very being.  She felt her eyes grow heavy and her body drift away into another world.  She felt herself growing lighter and lighter as she drifted off into a deep sleep.

Gavin was not sure what possessed him about this woman.  She wasn’t overly large, but she did have extra weight on her.  Gavin flexed his bicep and vowed to never stop working out.  He shifted her weight in his lap and tucked her head back onto his shoulder.  She snuggled in deep and drifted off as he sang to her an ancient lullaby that his family has used for generations.  It seemed like the Armstrongs weren’t ever taught the song...they just knew it.  After a few minutes he started drifting off and leaned his head back against the sofa.

When Bronwyn woke up, she was confused about her surroundings.  She felt stiff and soar and was, it seemed, lying on the couch in someone’s arms.  Slowly the happenings of the day found their way back into her memory and embarrassment crept back into her demeanor.  It wasn’t dark outside, but not far from it.  She had slept all afternoon and into the evening. Evening, she thought.

“Oh, my gosh, it’s late.” Bronwyn stated a bit loudly.

She felt the person stir behind her and slowly remembered who it was.  Her cheeks grew a darker red as she realized that they had been sleeping in an intimate position.  Another thought rang through her head.  It was awful quiet right now.  The kids, where were the kids!!

At this last thought, Bronwyn sat up quickly and hollered, “Amanda, Ryder, Keene! Where are you guys?”  Softer more to herself, “What kind of a mother am I that I sleep away the day and do not even know where my kids are at?”

Gavin wrapped his arms about her waist and pulled her back down.  “They are fine.  The children are at Elizabeth’s swimming.  Amanda is going to stay the night and the boys will be back shortly.  I told them not to stay gone after dark and it is about dark.”

“You had no right.  Who are you to take over my life and children?”  She turned and looked him dead in the eye.  He was still lying back on the couch, albeit propped up by pillows now.  Bronwyn was bound and determined not to let another man rule her life and upset the kids. She closed the gap, “You had no right to send them anywhere, you had no right to lay with me here, so intimately on the couch. You had no right to agree to let Amanda stay the night, and…oh my...I have to go.  Get the kids, get them home and...”

Gavin raised his arm and placed it about her neck.  Bronwyn’s cheeks were filled with color and her hair was mussed.  The dimming light of the downstairs living room, left an aura about that clouded Gavin’s judgment.  His hand slowly went up to the back of her head, entangling itself into her long hair.  He pulled her head farther down as he shifted her so that she was almost lying down beside him.  He felt desire so deep within him for this woman and his manhood reacted so abruptly that he was lost in the moment.  As her face neared his, he felt her soft breath lapping his face, like a wave on the sand.  He shut his eyes and closed the last of the gap that separated him from eternal bliss.

When his lips brushed hers for the second time, his manhood grew and hardened.  His breath quickened as he lost all control.

Ronnee was not sure what to make of this, but she couldn’t quite find the strength, or, to be honest, the will to pull away.  She hadn’t been on a date, or even kissed anyone in over a year.  This man was so luscious, so beautiful and so inviting.  He was so …there has to be something wrong with him, was her next interrupting thought.  She unconsciously shifted so that she was lying on her side next to him.  As their lips touched her head exploded.  She felt something so deep and primal within her that she actually gasped at their first meeting of the tongues.  She knew that she didn’t want to stop with this man but she knew that she had to.  

Gavin shift himself so that she would roll more over to him and he could have the upper hand.  He could feel and roam her body as he willed.  His tongue stretched to meet hers as he felt the want...no the need to be a part of this woman.  His manhood grew even harder.  Something he couldn’t hide anymore.  

As their kiss deepened, Gavin and Ronnee closed any remaining gap between their bodies.  Their breathing quickened and their bodies grew hot with desire.

Ronnee felt his hardened manhood and moaned even louder.  Oh, this was way to be good to be true, she thought.  She shifted her body again, and the subsequent rubbing against Gavin sent his desires out into space.  He knew that he had to stop, or he wouldn’t be able to stop.  He knew he started this, he knew it was wrong, and he knew that Ronnee had so much more to give.  He could feel her pulling back a little, her hands quieting, he knew that she was thinking twice about this situation.  He knew that he needed to stop completely for her sake and his.  He moved too fast, too soon.  He felt like an idiot.  Actually he felt like a…well, he didn’t want to go there.

Gavin slowly pulled his head away, their lips separating with reluctance.  Her sleepy, sensual eyes were making it hard on Gavin.  Ronnee moved, unintentionally of course, and that inflamed what Gavin was trying so hard to fight.

Upon feeling Gavin pull back, Ronnee’s head began to clear as his hands quieted their movements on her body, “I need to get up, the boys will be here soon. I do not want them to find me like this, it isn’t right.”  Ronnee started to shift out from underneath Gavin.  How she ended up in this position, she really couldn’t remember.

“You are ever so wrong, my sweet wren.  This is so right, that it is scary.  This is so right that I can barely control myself.”  He leaned in and kissed her cheek, a cheek so soft that on impulse he raised his hand to caress her face.  

In the distance, they heard the boys coming down the road from Beth’s house.  It was almost dark now and they were doing exactly what they were told.  With a quick movement, Gavin was up across the room and had disappeared upstairs leaving Ronnee looking like she just woke up, all alone.  She felt suddenly aloof.  Within the next moment, the door was open and in came the boys.  She had enough wit about her to straighten her shirt and shorts and lay back down before they walked in.

“Man are you still asleep, Momma?”  questioned Keene.

“Yes, I guess I was more tired that I thought.  Come here boys, did you have fun?”  At that the boys lashed into a tirade of their adventures for the afternoon, including the “scene” out front, as it had now been deemed.

From upstairs wafted a dreamy smell of something delicious.  Ryder, being the ever so hungry one was the first to comment on this smell, “Man, what is that cooking?”

Keene was still interested in one thing, where was Gavin and did you have sex.  Keene is pretty mature for his age in some things.  “No, we did not have sex and, I think Gavin is the one upstairs cooking.”  With a word that involved food, Keene headed up the stairs in a rush with  Ryder on his tail.

Ronnee lay back down. Nope they didn’t have sex, but, she sure wished they had.  She timidly felt at the moisture between her legs.  She can’t remember ever reacting so brazenly towards anyone before.  She can’t ever remember wanting someone as bad as she wanted this man now.  She ached inside, like someone was pulling at her and trying to make her inside out.  She throbbed and hurt and desired like she never had before.  She moaned and realized that anyone that came down the stairs or came to the door could see her.  So with a hard fought move, she sat up and brushed off her desire.

Ronnee lay back down, she was too tired and overwhelmed.  Her eyes closed and before she knew it she was back to sleep.

CHAPTER IV

Ronnee opened her eyes after her cat nap to find Gavin sitting next to her with a plate of food that smelled so heavenly, she thought she had died and gone to heaven.  “He can cook and from the smell of it, quite well.  There has to be something wrong with him.” She muttered to herself.

“Did you say something?”

“Oh, no, sorry I was just thinking out loud.”  Ronnee tried to smile.  She looked at his face and saw such intenseness that she started to ache deep inside.  His eyes darkened with his desire. “Please,” she muttered to him quietly, “do not look at me that way.  It just, well, it, um...makes me uncomfortable.”

Gavin leaned in with a knowing look, “I am sorry, but I hope I make you as uncomfortable as you make me.” With a light kiss on her nose, he presented a plate of food to her.  Ronnee’s stomach was growling.  She just realized how famished she was and how long it had been since she last ate.

Sitting up, she grabbed the plate and started to eat with gusto, until her brain over took her stomach and she remembered who was still sitting there.  She slowed down, and sighed, “Well, I am full.  That was so good.  Excellent ziti.”  Her eyes looked longingly at the plate, but knew she couldn’t eat it.  She was still fat and not going to lose weight if she ate.

“That is bull, you are famished. I can still hear your stomach.  You will not lose weight by not eating.  You need to eat specific portions and control what you eat.”

A bit put off and offended, Ronnee lashed back, “I will eat, what I want, when I want, thank you very much.”

“Ok,” Gavin coiffed as he leaned back to enjoy his own plate, “suit yourself.  But I think this food is too good to waste, and I don’t understand why you are so conscious about your weight.  Don’t be.  You will lose in time.”  With a wink, he added, “We could always work it off later.”

“You men are insufferable.”  In a huff, Ronnee was up the stairs and to the bathroom she so desperately needed.

Ronnee was off the next couple of days. She slept, rested and let the soreness from her adventure seep out of her body.  She, of course, did housework, stopped fights, cooked and finished the yard, but at least she didn’t have to go back to that awful place for two more days.  However, she did not see Gavin either.  She should feel relieved.  He wasn’t around to keep things stirred up and her life was quiet again.  There was a part of her that needed someone like him in her life, that liked having things stirred up, having someone here for her and the children. Someone that didn’t mind helping out around house, cooking or just holding her.

Are you crazy?! The same thought returned.  Why would he ever want to be with you?  Your life is horrid.  You have nothing but baggage, bills and worries.  He was single, damned gorgeous and, well, she assumed he had bills, but with his income…who cared.  He admitted he didn’t have any children, so he probably didn’t want any.  

Then arrived the next round of thoughts that always followed the first.  Why is he interested in me?  Ok, take the kids away, the bills away, there is just me left and that isn’t much.  I am overweight, working a dead end job, dirty all the time because of that job and I do not have a nice dress in my closet.  The only clothes I have are work clothes and things to wear to go to ball games and camping.  So why me?  He must think that I am desperate and lonely and thinks I can be his girl in this port.  Well, if he does…he has another thing coming.   I am not like that and have never been and those gorgeous grey eyes, sexy, strong muscles, masculine features and really nice tight ass, are not going to sway me into it.

With just the thoughts of him, she felt that deep ache.  He sure felt like he had it going on downstairs.  When he was hard he seemed endowed.  “I can’t believe he had that type of reaction towards me.  Well,” she voiced loudly, “I was acting the hussy.  And he is just a man.  I must make sure that it never happens again.”

A few moments later the phone rang, “Hello. Oh, hi Mom.  No, things are fine.  The kids are outside playing.  Yes, I am watching them.  I can’t be outside and cook dinner at the same time Mom.  There is only one of me.  The backyard is fenced and they are fine.  Is there something you needed?”  With this, Ronnee pulled the phone away and growled.  This was a tiresome situation that happened every time her mother called. “Yes, Mom, things are fine.  Yes, I am still working in the mill.  Well, there isn’t much else around.  I am ok.  It pays the bills.  Look Mom, I have to go the food is burning and the kids are hungry.  Ok, love you too, bye.”

With a sigh, Ronnee put the phone down.  Leaning on the counter, Ronnee looked out the window and watched the boys splash around in the blow up pool, while Amanda sunned herself. Ronnee could almost hear the music from Amanda’s head phones and wondered how her daughter wasn’t deaf. The dog, Max, was chasing the younger cat Junior, who made a entertaining game of running up and down trees  The scene was tranquil as the wind lightly blew the branches about. The grass was mowed and neat and the yard was clean. Her fencing was in good condition. Ronnee looked to the side and saw Chuckee, their older cat, lying on the porch railing, his legs hanging off in such a way that made Ronnee think he was going to fall. His eyes were closed in the deep slumber that only cats can seem to find anywhere at anytime. Everyone and every animal were healthy and happy.  Now, isn’t this what life is about?

Ronnee went back to work on dinner.  She was completely sidetracked for her mind wandered again to the stranger that suddenly appeared in her life.  The same old doubts, same old questions, just like her life…same ole same ole.

The next morning Ronnee saw the kids off to school.  Amanda rode with Amanda Nicole to the high school, Ryder and Keene took the bus to the middle school and nearby elementary school respectively.  She jumped in the shower, thinking to herself about this day of hard work for another quarter.

She entered the mill and noticed there were several people shooting funny looks at her. “What have I done now?” she mumbled to herself.  After clocking in, she grabbed her toolbox and buggy and headed out.  As she passed the supervisor’s office window, she noticed her tall stranger in there.  They seemed to be in a heated discussion in the room.  Wanting to devoid herself of any more problems, Ronnee went straight to work.  

Lunch came and went.  Ronnee never saw Gavin, and, for that matter, wasn’t even sure if he knew she was here.  She wasn’t going to think about him.  She had too much to do.  She wandered over by Joe to help him with a stripped timing belt.

“Need help Joe?”

“Sure, as always. You’re machines running?”

“Of Course,” Ronnee said with a twinkle in her eye.

Reaching into her tool box she grabbed a 12 mm allen and started to break the allen screw.  “Joe, what is going on around here, why are people looking at me so weird and avoiding me?  Be honest, what have I done now? You have always been a good friend and always been honest and up front with me.  So do me a favor and don’t sugar it down.  What the hell is going on around here?”

Joe stopped what he was doing.  He knew Ronnee could be blunt, but he could tell she was on the verge of tears.  She seemed different.  She wore make-up.  This would be the first time that he could remember her wearing make-up.  Joe pondered on why she would start wearing make-up and then remembered what the rumors were all about.  With a deep breath he sighed and began, “It seems that some of the operators saw that man that wants to buy the company and close it down carrying you into your house the other day.  The rumor is that you are helping him get information so that he can close it down.  The other rumor is that you are sleeping with him to get into a power seat so that you can show all the ignorant folk around here how much better you are than them.”  With another sigh, he looked at her.  The shock on her face was beyond description.  She stared at him with an open mouth.  Her eyes were glazed in confusion.  Her face was draining of color.

“That isn’t the worse of it.  That man was in there arguing that he wanted you and a few others have more control over what happens in this place.  He told management they didn’t care about the people and worked them too hard trying to make the bottom dollar.  I guess that is where the second rumor came from.  Not sure though.  Did he really carry you into your house?”

When Ronnee didn’t answer, “Bronwyn, are you ok?”  asked Joe.  He gave her a quick shake.  She turned her head and looked at him.  

“I can’t believe this.  I can’t win for losing.  Yes, he did, but it was because he scared me, I tripped over my chainsaw, scraped up the back of my leg, landed in some bushes, scraped up my back and arms.  See!” She took off her work shirt and showed him the scratches all over her back and back of her arms and legs. “He must have felt sorry for me because he picked me up and carried me in.  Actually I don’t remember him doing that.  I remember him pulling me out of the bushes and carrying me to the lawn…” A smile wandered across her dirty face, “Of course that was after I hit, kicked and scratched him.  I was scared, and you know how I am about spiders.  Well there was a big one in that bush and when Gavin grabbed to pull me out, I just lost it.  I remember him pinning me down on the ground till I calmed down.  Then I remember me crying.  Oh my gosh, I am so embarrassed, I squalled like a baby in his lap.”  Redness seeped deep into her cheeks, “That must have been when he carried me in.  I remember waking up later that afternoon on the couch and that is it.”  Ronnee purposefully left out the part of waking up in Gavin’s arms, of kissing Gavin, of holding Gavin of… ”Oh, I am sorry, did you say something?”  She asked of Joe.  Her mind wandered and she hadn’t heard a thing he just said.

The grizzled old man new what was bothering Ronnee.  She was here working because she had too, she was here dealing with this daily crap because she had too.  She was mocked every day by most of the people in the mill because of her uppity attitude but Joe new class when he saw it.  He may not have any, but Bronwyn sure did.  Even her name said class. Not many people new her real name because the few that did always made fun of it. He was one of the few people that called her by her given name on occasion.

Ronnee fit her better anyway.  She stood here in front of him in her dirty Braves, Ind. work shirt, and open to her dirty black tank top, and her pair of cut off shorts, with her tool belt hanging about her hips.  Her hair mussed and tangled with junk off the floor.  The makeup was smeared, but was still there, and she had a cock to her hip that gave her attitude.  Yes, Joe thought to himself, she was a beautiful woman.  Take her out of here, give her money for a makeover and time for exercise and she could be as pretty as anyone else in this world.

With a sigh, Joe turned from Ronnee and started working again. “Girl, ya got nothing to worry about.  These people here would talk about anyone.  If’n it wasn’t you, it‘d be someone else.  Just think of it this way, you’re giving someone else a break.  Just do your job to the best of your ability, mind your own business, and” he turned and looked her dead in the eye, “don’t look a gift horse in the mouth.  If I know ya, you’re trying to find reasons of why things are, or why things ain’t and why things ain’t fair.  Listen girly, life is life.  I believe that things happen for a reason.  Maybe you were supposed to be stuck here because of your crappy ex husband so that you would have to work in this mill, just so you can meet this man.  Don’t think and try to explain it, just do it.” Joe turned away and went back to work.

Ronnee just stood there and stared at Joe.  He hadn’t ever spoke to her like he cared, hadn’t ever spoke that many words in a row and mostly, hadn’t even given her advise before that wasn’t work related.  She stared at him while he worked.  She watched his moves, her brain not functioning.  How could this old man, be so bloody smart?  Ronnee wished that things were as easy as he says.  But they are not. Everyone knows that, don’t they?  Why can’t they be that easy?

Because you can get hurt, she answered herself.  Better to protect and be safe than to…  To have what? Lived?  Loved?  Now she was even more unsure of her decisions than ever.  At least before they were based on one thing…self preservation.  Now was self preservation self-serving?  Or selfish? Oh, crap there her mind went again. Off double and triple thinking everything that went on.  Ronnee sure wished she wasn’t so analytical about everything.  

Turning back to her work, she continued in silence working with Joe to get the machine running.  At the end of the day she still hadn’t seen Gavin at all.  Frustrated, dirty and tired, Ronnee clocked out and headed home.

CHAPTER V

The next two work days went without incident. The rumor’s ceased and things returned to normal.  Work was work, and Ronnee was a robot moving through time.  Her disappointment of not seeing Gavin started the brain ticking again.  “See, you idiot,” she muttered on her way out to her car, “he has more important things to do than deal with you and your problems.  He wants to travel, see the world, run his business, do what ever that arrogant, stuff shirt, egotistical…”

“Are you speaking of anyone I know?”

The soothing masculine voice caressed the inner ear of Ronnee.  Embarrassment rose to her cheeks as she realized that he was parked next to her.  Gavin stood before her in all his glory.  His perfectly tailored suit fit him, what else, but perfectly.  His perfectly polished shoes probably cost more than a month of wages.  His hair, no matter how hard he tried, still gave him that devil-may-care attitude.  Those curls at the nape of his neck, just tickled the top of his coat collar.   A slight perspiration ran amok down the side of his face.  Ronnee realized that dressing so fashionably had its drawbacks.  Seeing that he was hot, she removed her Braves, Ind. work shirt and stretched out.  “Phew it is hot out here. Thank goodness I have this tank top on.  Unseemingly grotesque looking, I must admit, but much more fitting for this hot and humid weather.”

Gavin watched her stretch, and through her tank top, he could see how well endowed she really was.  No guessing here.  This was definitely all woman.  She really wasn’t as fat as she seemed in her clothes.  Gavin was becoming more and more convinced that she just needed proper clothing and, yes, some exercise and proper diet and a life of less stress.  His hot perusal of her body finally became aware to Ronnee.  She stopped stretching, lowered her arms and pulled her shirt down.  She folded her arms about her chest, the thing she despised the most.  

“Sorry I have been remiss in contacting you as of late.  I have had some emergent situations come up that required me to travel out of town.  I am back, however, and ready to continue where we left off.”  A twinkle in his eyes left Ronnee no doubt of what he meant.  The air and attitude about him was so pleasant and so fun.  Even in his roguish implications were wrought with fun and with no true meaning.  Ronnee was sure he would love to continue where they left off, but he gave her the impression that was totally up to her and that he would never press the issue.

Gavin melodic voice broke Ronnee’s state of impasse, “Do you plan on standing here all evening?  Or would you like to get something to eat?”  

“I am sorry I cannot.  I have to go home and change real quick.  I promised Catie that I would go see Courtnee’s ball game tonight.  The boys are staying at their papaws tonight.  I have to pick up the Amandas and get going.”

“Is there room for one more?”

“I am sure that you do not want to go see a girl’s softball game?”

“Is it fast pitch?” asked Gavin.

The question surprised her, Gavin didn’t seem like he would have time to follow anything, but then again perhaps he just picked the phrase up somewhere, “Yes, it is.”  She was unsure of what to say next.

Gavin reached her and kissed her lightly on her cheek, “Shall we go?  I will follow you to your place where we both can change.” He said matter-of-factly.

Ronnee meandered to her car and opened the door and climbed in.  Somehow again, he had wormed his way in to her doing what he wanted without her even realizing it.  He wanted to spend time with her, she was trying to avoid that and he won what he wanted, again.

“Oh, well,” sighed Bronwyn as she climbed into her 1997 Grand Am.  She rolled the windows down, not wanting to waste gas on air conditioning, turned up the radio and sped out of the parking lot.

Fifteen minutes later she was at her house.  She called Beth and told her to send the girls on down, for she was getting ready to go.  A few minutes later Gavin pulled in.  He was driving a large Ford Expedition SUV.  How did he change vehicles so fast?  He did have a convertible.  He climbed out, still immaculate looking and carried to her door a garment bag and a duffle bag, very blasé looking.  He knocked on the door and before she could get down to answer it, the Amandas came running up the driveway tripping over each other to help Gavin and his bags into the house.  Both the girls had wet hair from swimming, wet tanks on over their still wet bikinis and wet shorts and they were wearing flip flops.  They were dressed as typical teens. Neither one realized their mascara was running or the mussed state their hair was in.  Ronnee laughed as she thought of what they would do when they entered Amanda’s room to ready themselves and saw their reflection in the large mirror.

After the girls let Gavin in and, to Ronnee’s morbid surprise, showed him to her bedroom to change, they went into Amanda’s room to get ready.  When the door shut, one could only guess what they were saying.  There were squeals and comments about hair and makeup.  You could hear rustling around, blow dryers, and lord only knows what else going on in there.  Ronnee was quite amused.  Now she turned her attention back to the fact that this man was in her bedroom changing.  Her face turned scarlet as she realized she had bras, underwear, etc. from last night on the floor and some clean clothes piled on her bed.  She needed to vacuum and her bathroom sink was a site from where Amanda liked to put on makeup at her sink and inevitably spill some.  

Ronnee resigned herself to accepting that what happened is what happened and she vowed to make sure things were neater from now on.  She went to the kitchen to finish making some snacks.  It was getting dark now and she knew everyone would be hungry, but she didn’t have time to cook.  She was busy humming to herself and cleaning the kitchen when she felt a presence.  She turned towards the kitchen doorway and saw Gavin leaning against the doorframe watching her complete her domestic activities.

She hadn’t ever seen him “dressed down” but he was still magnificent.  He had on a pair of polyester coach’s shorts that are fairly well form fitting and a nice T-shirt that said “If fast pitch were any slower, it would be called baseball,” much to Ronnee’s shock.  This man had no ending.  He was always surprising her.  

Gavin was amused by her open mouthed stance.  He cracked a smile. “My niece plays fast pitch, I love the game.  I help coach her team when I am not traveling.  I send them to the World Series every year.”

Ronnee just stood there and didn’t say a word.  Gavin left his perch against the door frame and walked over to Ronnee.  She hadn’t moved and was still standing with her mouth open.  Ok, the shirt shocked her, yes his knowledge of fast pitch shocked her, but what really shocked her was the form fitting shorts.  The ones that wrapped about his well shaped and cut legs and curved around his perfect buttocks.  His legs were long, lean and well tanned.  He obviously worked outside a lot, or more likely, thought Ronnee, was egotistical enough to own a tanning bed.  But a tanning bed didn’t form legs like that.  She could imagine what…No, she wouldn’t imagine anything about those legs.  Ronnee noticed him moving towards her and tried to speak.

“Uh…”

Gavin walked over and leaned down and lightly kissed her lips.  “MMM, salty from work.”  His tongue lightly ran over her quivering lips.  Her lips parted, softly inviting him in.  He took the encouragement with gusto and kissed her with all his being.  He pulled her to him forming her body to his own.  He grabbed her hair and tilted her head back opening her mouth to him for his full assault.  His tongue delved into the depths of her being.  There was so much passion struggling to get out and he was going to help release it.  Her mouth tasted like PowerAde and gum.  Her breath was sweet.  Her tongue was hesitant but starting to slowly reach outward.  He lifted her up onto the counter and placed himself between her legs, kissing her ravishingly.  He pulled her legs about him and slowly caressed a breast that he had wanted to touch since the little chit teased him with them.   

His mouth left hers and trailed over her cheek to her ear, where he nibbled for a moment.  He lifted her buttocks and brought her closer to him, where she could feel the an impact she had on him.  His mouth left her ear and trailed down her neck to the cleavage that was so vast and deep.  Oh, how he wanted those breasts freed from their bondage.  His lips trailed back up to hers and he softly kissed her. He kissed her nose, her eyes, and back down to her lips.  He forced his breathing to slow down.  He just couldn’t get over the impact and hold she had on him.  She was so restrained and so untouched that he wanted to find her and let her out.  He kissed her again on her nose and started to pull back.  

Ronnee’s breathing was very heavy.  Her womanhood throbbed with pain.  She could feel his manhood rigid against her.  Oh, how she wanted this man.  Her heart was racing with anticipation.  She felt him steel himself and start to withdraw from her, just when it was getting good.   He grabbed her by her buttocks again and set her back on the floor.  With one more kiss he abruptly left her standing there in the kitchen, mouth still open.

****
Gavin left the house and walked around for a minute.  He was hard and he had to walk it off.  He walked around the backyard and threw a ball to the dog a time or two.  He kept thinking of her lips and her responses.  Of how they grew more and more, of how he knew he was so close to unlocking that door.  “Shit,” he muttered, “I have to stop thinking about this.  I am hard enough to split a log.”

Shaking the thoughts off, he walked around for a few more moments until he was presentable and went towards the house again.  He left abruptly because he knew the girls would be out anytime, he knew that he was getting too carried away, and he knew it was too soon for Ronnee and she would regret her actions later.  All that didn’t help his state, but it sure made him feel better as a man.  A few moments later he heard giggling and looked up to see the girls on the porch whispering something.  He looked up and waved.

“Mom is almost done getting ready.  She is walking like a zombie in there, she must be tired.  If she doesn’t hurry up, we are going to be late.  Come on up and help us speed her up.”  Amanda stated as only she could.  Both the girls went back into the house, leaving Gavin to enter on his own. 

Good, he thought, give me a couple more minutes to get things under control.  He smiled at the thought of Ronnee wandering around like a zombie.  “Good, I am glad I have as much of an impact on her as she on me!” he said a little too loudly to Max as he petted him.

Ronnee was up in her bedroom.  She had to take a quick shower to cool herself down. A few minutes ago, she couldn’t think, she wandered about the kitchen until Amanda-Nicole asked her what she was doing.  That woke her up enough to get her in gear.  From the hallway she could hear her daughter, Amanda yelling, “Hurry up mom, we’re going to be late.”  She heard the back door open and the girls outside talking to someone.  

Ronnee stepped into the shower and just let the water run off of her for a minute.  Then she quickly washed her hair and body. She jumped out and dried off her body and dressed in her NIKE shorts and another white tank top.  She threw on her flip flops and towel dried her hair.  The whole time she never stopped thinking about Gavin, what he was up to, his game, what he had to gain, besides another notch in his belt, and how was this going to affect the children. 

After blow drying her hair, she put it up in an alligator clip with a French twist design to it. She fluffed her bangs up some, placed minimal make up on and then on a second thought, she walked back to the vanity and sprayed some Jasmine body spray on her.  She loved that smell so much.

She stepped out into the hallway with her purse and her attitude and prepared to face Gavin again with more proprietary.  She found all in the SUV waiting on her.

“You are driving?” she whimsically asked.

“Yes, I am.  I thought you could use a break.  That is why I borrowed this car for a couple of days.  We needed something bigger for the children.”

All Ronnee could do was look at him and climb into the brand new vehicle, with leather interior, multi-disk CD changer, and many more luxuries with the like that Ronnee hadn’t seen in years.

CHAPTER VI

They arrived at the ballpark under a light cloud of mindless banter.  The girls were asking a million and one questions about his travels and he was answering and humoring them perfectly.  Ronnee stared out the window and listened to him.  He was at ease with them and they obviously doted on him.

Her daydreaming made time go quickly and before she knew it they were pulling in at the ball fields.  How he knew where to go, was beyond her.  But then again, maybe he asked one of the girls.

They all piled out of the car and Gavin, the overbearing gentleman, insisted on paying for them to get in.  He gave the girls some money and told them to go purchase drinks and snacks.  He led Ronnee to the ball fields by her elbow, escorting her as a gentleman would.  

They stopped by the concessions and he asked, “What team did you say we were here to watch?”

The words no sooner left his mouth, when who should appear but Caitlyn herself.  Caitlyn was Caitlyn and there was no other way to describe her.  She was beautiful, but didn’t think so.  She was outgoing and friendly and a completely harmless but vocal flirt.  She spoke her mind and didn’t care what people thought or at least tried her hardest not to.  She wasn’t scared to try things.  She had her eye brow pierced and her tongue pierced, but couldn’t keep the former because of her job and didn’t like the latter.   She kept the belly ring and lower back tattoo though. She liked them.  She was slender and had a way about her that caught your eye.  Her hair was so thick that you could have divided it up between three more people and she would still have enough. She was always changing the color, or highlighting it. No matter what Catie did to her hair, it stayed thick and lustrous. She loved her husband and children with all her heart and based her world around them. Sometimes Catie’s devil-may-care attitude kept people at bay or caused problems at work because some people didn’t want to take the time to get to know the real Catie. The one that was loving, caring and would die for those she loved. Catie loved as hard as she hated as well. That is one side of Catie Ronnee knew she never wanted to be on. Catie could make you feel like you were about an inch tall if you made her mad enough. Her tongue could be sharp and be declared a deadly weapon at times, which has caused a problem or two in the past as well. But beneath that rough, tough girl exterior, there was the warmest, loving person that would only come out and play if you were privileged. Ronnee was proud that she was one of the privileged.

“Ronnee!!!”  Caitlyn hugged Ronnee and kissed her on the lips, which is where Catie kissed everyone.  In the next breath, Catie was at her peak, “Oh, my God, who is the hunk?  Nice legs, turn around and let me see your ass.”  She leaned over to Ronnee, “Is he with you?”

Gavin was a bit put back by the forwardness of Catie, he wasn’t used to his looks being thrust so completely into his face.  He reached out a hand, “You must be Caitlyn. Ronnee has told me so much about you.  I am Gavin.”

Catie, not one to be outdone, “Well, I wish I could say the same.  Let me feel your pecks.”  Catie waggled her brows as she felt his chest before he could answer.  She turned to Ronnee, “Oh, my God, did you feel his pecks, they are so, so...strong. Where did you find this man?  Come on spill the beans?” And she led Ronnee away, leaving Gavin standing there.  

It took Gavin a few moments to recover.  She had outdone him again. He shook his head with a smile spreading across his face.  No wonder Ronnee liked her, she kept life entertaining and kept you on your toes.  Caitlyn was one of those people you loved or hated and he really liked her.  Sparring with her will be fun.  He sure didn’t envy her husband though for he was sure she kept him challenged at all times.  

Gavin followed at a distance then on a second thought retraced his steps back towards the concession stand where he purchased a Coke and a Dr. Pepper.  How he knew that is what Ronnee would want was beyond him.  But he just knew it, somewhere deep inside.

***
Catie pulled Bronwyn to the side, “Spill the beans where in the hell did you get that man? I mean he is like a god, is he single?”

Ronnee laughed, “Yes, he is single.  It’s a long boring story.  Trust me.”

Catie pulled her to the bleachers, “We have all evening.”  With that Ronnee sighed and gave her the story.  She left out some parts that she wasn’t ready to tell anyone yet, but for the most part she told everything, including when she was rude to him and down right hateful at times.  She even relayed her first encounter with him in the mill.

Catie laughed and laughed.  “Yup, you are made for each other.  Trust me I know.  Have you slept with him?”

Ronnee stuttered, “Of course not.”

Catie retorted rather quickly, “Betcha a million you kissed him though. Is he a good kisser?”

With that question, Ronnee allowed her attention to be pulled back to the game just in time to see Courtnee, Caitlyn’s daughter, make a double play.  Catie and Ronnee were standing up hollering and whooping up a storm.

When they sat back down, Gavin had arrived with some drinks.  He handed Ronnee hers and to her surprise it was her favorite.  She didn’t wonder, however, because she gave up wondering a long time ago.

The rest of the game was uneventful for the most part.  Gavin and Catie chatted non-stop about everything.  Ronnee just watched the game and muttered answers here and there.  They seemed comfortable together.  And try as she might, Catie couldn’t get the best of Gavin again.  He kept her on her toes and she kept him on his.  Barring anything completely ungentlemanly, he could come back with the best. Sometimes his rhetorical remarks would hit and you wouldn’t even know it.  Some of them went above their heads, some hit them right in the belt. It was a fun time. Even Mike, Catie’s husband enjoyed taking Gavin’s side of things a time or two. For once, Ronnee laughed as she thought to herself, Catie doesn’t have the upper hand on him and is gained up on. Mike knew though, when to take Catie’s side. He learned how to deal with Catie to the best of his advantage most of the time. He still had a lot to learn, but he enjoyed and loved her to no end. 

The Amandas were down by the dug out talking to Courtee-bug.  The excited chit-chatter was rampant and then they were all staring up at Gavin.  Suddenly it was Courtnee’s time to bat. The Amandas were cheering her on.  It was the seventh inning and they were losing by one and the bases were loaded.  All Courtnee needed to do was get a hit and they would win the championship game.

Caitlyn was sitting in the stands chewing her nails.  She shifted several times nervously.  Ronnee reached over and grabbed Catie’s hand.  “Courtee-bug will do great.  She is a great player. No worries.”  Catie hugged her and then turned her attention back to the game.  

Courtnee, who was a well known ball player in her age group, walked up to the plate and settled in like an old pro.  Soon the count was full and Courtnee looked about nervously for she knew this next pitch was it. She would either strike out and they would lose, she could walk and they would tie or she could hit the ball and hope that it lands somewhere and a couple of runs score.

Gavin stood and walked down to the fence and called her back over and whispered something to Courtee.  As quickly as he went, he was back.  It didn’t take him but a moment for him to say, what he said.  He winked as he sat back down.  “It’s a family secret.”

Courtee walked up to the plate with an odd look on her face.  Her face then split into a big grin.  She readied herself for the next pitch.

The ball came as fast as it went.  The stands were bouncing with people jumping in excitement.  Courtnee poured on her speed.  She rounded first, second and as she headed towards third she looked and saw the ball clear the fence.  She ended up home with her entire team giving her high fives.

Catie practically jumped from the top of the bleachers to get to her daughter and was walking around stating matter-of-factly, “That’s my daughter, yup, she is mine.  That is MY daughter.” Catie’s love and pride in her daughter were great.

Ronnee turned and looked at Gavin who smiled his impish grin, and for the first time she noticed a bit of a dimple on his right cheek when he did that.  “Family secret,” is all he would say.

After all the hugs and celebrations were over, Ronnee hugged her Courtee-bug good bye and kissed Catie, “Bye and get that girl something special.  She pulled another trick out of her hat again.  Oh, and by the way, did she tell you what Gavin said to her?”

“No, she wouldn’t say a word.  She just said he made me promise not to tell and that it was a family secret.”

“That is all he said to me as well.”  They separated and headed towards their respective cars.

When Ronnee arrived at the SUV, she noticed they were ready to leave.  She climbed in and was tired so she leaned her head back against the headrest. 

Next thing she knew they were at home and she could smell the heavenly scent of pizza.  She had forgotten she was hungry.  She climbed out of the vehicle and stretched.  The girls had disappeared into the house with the food already.  “When did you order and pick that up?  Was I asleep that heavy?”

Gavin walked over and pinned her up against the car, “You were sleeping like a baby.  You sure seem to sleep a lot when I am around, do I bore you?”

“Not likely, more like wear me out,” she grinned and teased him, pulling him closer

“You have no idea what it is like to be worn out, my dear,” and he started to kiss her neck. “You smell so wonderful.  Like a scent from the past.  I swear I feel like I have known it for years.  Like it is a part of me.  What is that smell?  What do you wear?”

“I have no perfume on.  It is just me.  Oh, and well, I use this body spray called Jasmine.”

“Jasmine.  My grandmother wore that, my mother wears it, one of my sister-in-laws wears it and I think my sister even wears it as well. No wonder why it is engrained into my head, I have grown up around it.  The smell on you, it’s so enticing.  It’s so alluring.  So seductive.”  He lowered his head and covered her lips with his own, his touch soft and faint.  His lips embraced hers as they held onto each other.  He turned her head and allowed his tongue to probe deeper. Every time he was with her, she did this to him.  What kind of a witch was she to have such a hold?

He lifted her leg and pressed in closer.  His manhood already growing and hardening.  He wasn’t sure if he was going to be able to stand much more of this temptation.  He stopped kissing her and slowly lowered her leg.  

Bronwyn collapsed against him.  He always pulled all of her inner strength from her when he kissed her like that.  It was like he was sucking her life source from her very being.  She had to lean against the car and wait for her strength to come back.

“You see, my wren, you have no idea about being worn out.  You completely tear me apart and reassemble me when you kiss me like that.  You make me feel like I leave my body and return only when we separate.  I have to use my full will power not to take you right then and there, because you have such a hold on me. You are all I think about.  Having you, being inside of you, being one with you…making you mine.”  With that said, he kissed her quickly as he summoned the strength to walk away.

Fury erupted in Bronwyn.  How dare he think that she caused this! How dare he think that he could just take something when he wants it.  How dare he use her like that.  What is he going to disappear for a few days again, then come flirting back into town with his impeccable dress and overbearing attitude. The more Bronwyn stood there, the angrier she grew.  The angrier she grew, the faster she gained her strength.  

She saw him walk through the gate to the backyard.  The blow-up pool was back there.  It wasn’t deep, it wasn’t cold outside, it would probably feel good, but she was going to make him realize that he didn’t control her.  Before she knew it, before she could think twice, she had marched up behind him and pushed him into the pool. 

His back was turned and he was off in another world thinking.  He had no clue she was coming. Her footsteps fell soft on the grass.  Next thing Gavin knew is he was falling forward into a rather shallow pool of dirty water.  

“Let me tell you something mister.  You will not come into my life and run it.  You will not come into my life and take over and change things.  You will need not lead me on, lead my children to believe that you are someone you are not.”  The madder she became, the more of an accent she had. She spoke in proper English with a bit of an accent that would deem one to believe she was from over seas. “Furthermore, you are daft if you think that you can waltz in here with your bloody money, and your fancy suits and impress me.  To top that, I do not need you, or your money, or you sympathy and pity.  I was fine before you arrived here to disrupt my life and I will be fine when you leave, tonight.  I am not a bloody play toy, I am not a woman you may keep on the side.  I am someone to be respected and I am someone to revere.”  Her anger quickened her breath.

The onslaught was so unexpected to Gavin.  He was climbing out of the small pool, and stood before Bronwyn fairly drenched. “Now let me tell you something, young lady,” he started; his eyes dark in anger, his brows drawn together.

Bronwyn saw the look in his face and realized that she had pushed a bit far.  She started to back up and head towards the house, but he blocked the way.  She turned and headed towards the garage.

About then, both Amandas came out and ventured towards them.  They could tell something was going on.  Gavin was drenched and Ronnee had a look on her face that was hard to describe.  Amanda Lynne laughed.  

Amanda Nicole looked at her, “What are you laughing about?  He looks like he is going to kill her.”

“Na, if I know my Mom and from what it looks like, she got uppity again, shoved him in the pool and he is about to put her in her place.  This outta be good.  Grab a seat.”  Both the girls sat down on the back porch.

After a quick glance back, Gavin turned his attention once again towards his prey.  He started his slow but ominous stride towards Ronnee again.

“If you touch me, I will have your bloody worthless hide put in jail. We are in America and not back home.”  She looked about her worriedly.  She wasn’t sure where she could go.  And much to her chagrin her daughter and her best friend were sitting up on the back porch watching, giggling and pointing at her.  How dare they sit there and do nothing!

“I think,” Gavin began, “that you are a spoiled brat.  That you are doing this thing that you do to entertain yourself.  To prove to yourself and to the rest of the world that you don’t need them.  That you are so good that you can do it all by yourself.  Or maybe it is to get attention and have people pity you.  I don’t know, I do not profess to know.  All I know is that you lash out at people when they try and help you and for the life of me I cannot figure out why.  I have been nothing but nice to you, but may be that is part of the problem.  Perhaps I need to be an ass and then maybe you will reciprocate with kindness. I will tell you what you need.  You need someone to help you.  You need someone to shoulder some of the burden.  You need someone to put you in place when needed.”  Gavin scowled through his teeth as he grasped her arm.

He found a upright log and pulled her over onto his lap.  Ronnee fought, but his strength was more than she could handle. He got in two good whacks before she was able to struggle free.  Tears broke free of their hold and fell down her cheek.  

“How dare you treat me like I am a bloody infidel.  How dare you lay a hand on me!”

The Amandas were sitting on the porch laughing so hard, that one of them fell out of their chair.  Moments later the phone rang and the two girls ran inside.

Gavin grabbed her hand and pulled her into the garage and shut the door, “You are mine and only mine.  I know that and you know that.  We are made for each other.  We know what each other likes.” 

He paused and looked out the window.  The girls, already bored, were leaving.  “We’re going to Amanda’s house.”  Amanda hollered as they left the yard.

Ronnee wanted so badly to call out and tell them to come back and get her away from this madman.  When she turned and started that way and went to open her mouth, Gavin caught her wrist and jerked her back around.

“I am not through with you yet, missy,” he scolded.

“Oh, yes you are quite through you…you…you…wanker.  Unhand me.”

A laugh escaped his throat.  “A wanker eh?  Well, let me tell you what I am to you and only to you.  Let me show to you that that you are mine and only mine.”

Gavin pinned Ronnee against the work bench his legs surrounding hers.  He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back and roughly took her mouth.  His breath was sweet with a slight aroma of pepperoni.  He took over and controlled her.  Bronwyn lost all thoughts of rebellion.  She had never been under control before.  He wasn’t mean, hateful or hurtful in anyway.  He was just going to show her who was boss.  This last thought made her struggle a bit, but as soon as she started to struggle, he lifted her bottom and placed it on the bench.

His tongue dove deep, his kisses demanding and full of so much passion that Bronwyn was about to lose control.

Gavin didn’t know what he was going to do.  He wasn’t sure how they got to this spot.  He only knew that she drove him out of his mind.  He was rock hard and he just started kissing her.  This was ridiculous he thought.  I need to walk away and never come back.  There are plenty of beautiful, sexy, less demonstrative women out there.  He heard her moan and then he realized that it didn’t matter; this was the only woman he wanted.

Gavin, while in his brief thoughts of reason, moved his hand up Ronnee’s tank top and grasped one of her large breasts.  They were so big and so soft; so full and round and heavy.  Oh, how he wanted to suckle on one.

He let go of her hair and pulled her closer to him.  He showed her just how hard he was.  He showed her how much he desired her.  He pulled her so that the petals of her womanhood were brushing his hardness.  If it wasn’t for the clothes, there wouldn’t be anything separating them.  He fought hard the notion to strip her and have her right then and there.

At the roughness and strength of his grasp and the obvious erection he had, Ronnee gasped in ecstasy.  She closed her eyes and tilted her head back as his lips trailed down her throat to her cleavage.  Her hands ran across his shoulders and down his arms, her fingers running over the ridges and valleys of his muscles. She felt them trembling at his exertion. Oh, she was in so much pain.  She couldn’t talk, couldn’t think, just moan and leave her self into his arms.

Gavin let his lips trail down her throat until they reached the great divide.  His arms unknowingly raised her shirt over her head.  Her arms lifted and fell back onto his shoulders where they kneaded his tensed muscles.  His whole body seemed hard as a rock as he strained and fought his rampant desire.

His hands went to the back of her and released her mounds from their restraint.  Oh, what beautiful breasts she had.  They were so large.  His lips closed about one of the nipples and sucked in.  Her subsequent gasp and moan drove him to the near edge.  He suckled, nibbled and played with one nipple while he teased the other with his thumb.  After what seemed like an eternity he changed sides.  

Bronwyn ached and moaned.  His torturous teasing of her breasts made them ache hurt and desire more than they ever had.  No one had ever paid such attention to detail.  His free hand caressed her back and ran along her spine.  His hand came around front floated across the top of her stomach and grazed the top of her shorts, teasing her and making her muscles twitch.

She couldn’t think, so she just decided to react.  She reached down and ran her hands along his chest and grabbed both sides of his shirt and started to lift.  His head left her breast and kissed her mouth as his shirt lifted from his body.  His skin was warm and masculine smelling.  He was ripped and muscular all over.  He was tan and even in this dim light she could see faint scars marring his perfect skin.  She haphazardly wondered about those and their story.  Her hands continued to roam his body as his lips once again stroked hers.  She lost strength and leaned back on to her arms, forgoing her relentless pursuit of the discovery of his body.

Gavin was glad she stopped rubbing his arms and chest for it was driving him out of his mind.  He was barely among the living right now and if he was a lesser of a man would have taken her already.  He wanted her to enjoy every little bit of their lovemaking.

As she leaned back, Gavin trailed his lips once again down to her freed breasts and over the top and down to her navel.  Ronnee’s hips arched towards him in her desire to be relieved of this torture. “Not yet my love, not yet,” he whispered softly into her navel.

Gavin moved his hands down and pulled on her shorts and they started to move downward.  At this Ronnee gasped and sat up.  What was she thinking? This was going too far.  She can’t do this. Ronnee’s muddled mind fought for control over her betraying body.

At her reaction Gavin leaned up and started kissing her again. He whispered into her mouth, “If you want to stop we have to stop now, I am just a man and you are driving me out of my mind.  Please tell me now and I will stop. I will never hurt you or force you into anything.”

Gavin pulled back and looked Ronnee in the eyes.  She saw the depth in them that showed his spirit.  He was pouring his heart and soul to her through his eyes.  They weren’t eyes of lust and sex, they were eyes of love and passion.  Their color had changed to such a dark grey with specks of blue that they seemed endless.  She saw something she knew she could trust and love there.  She saw something that she wanted to keep for eternity.

Ronnee leaned forward and, in a strained voice, whispered softly into his ear, “Gavin Rowen Armstrong, so help me, if you are lying to me, you will never regret it.  I can’t help but to feel something for you I should not and do not deserve. But I desperately do not want to get hurt.”  With that said, she kissed him with all the passion she could muster as her arms wrapped around his neck.

Gavin sat Ronnee up and pulled her back.  His hands were on the side of her head with his thumbs caressing her cheeks.  The softness of her skin heightened his senses.  He looked her dead in the eye.

“Here it comes,” Ronnee mumbled to herself. Despite her wishes a tear welled up in the corner of her eye and threatened to escape the grasp she had on it.

Gavin took a deep breath, “Ronnee.  I cannot promise you anything.  I cannot tell you I love you right now, for I am not sure what is going on.  All I know is that there is something about you that my very fiber, my very being desires.  I want to talk to you, hold you, help you in any way I can.  I want to be a part of you.  I want to take you so utterly and completely and make you mine, only mine.  I have never felt this way. I do not understand it.  In fact a few months ago, I couldn’t fathom feeling that way with anyone.  I was able to run free, see who I want, date who I want, go where I want and, well, just be unbound with out familial responsibilities.  Now I find myself wanting that with you.  I feel like there is this connection of old between us.”

The tear finally broke loose and cascaded down her cheek towards his caressing thumb.  He felt the wetness and noticed another wet diamond welling up in her eye, “I would never intentionally do anything to hurt you.  I have never been like that and never will be.  I will be honest, there are going to be some mad women, when the word gets out that I am taken.” A smile mushroomed across his face, “Taken, I would never have thought that I would be taken.  But for the life of me, I cannot see you as a ball and chain, I can only see you as an adventure that I want to share with my family.  As a part of me that I want to have with me all the time.  Do I love you?  Maybe I do, and I just don’t realize it.  I think….that I do love you, that perhaps what I question is whether it is real, true, till-death-due-you-part, eternal love that I always hear my mother, grandmother, sister and sister-in-laws speak about.”  Warmth shrouded him as he thought of his beloved family, “They would tell me that I would know when true love has hit, that I would know beyond a shadow of a doubt, that it would envelope my very being.  I always thought it was womanly horse-pucky, but now I wonder.”

With that he kissed her ever so lightly on the lips, “My dear, it is completely up to you.”

Ronnee searched deep into his eyes.  She knew that perhaps she did love him.  But she also knew that it would be better to wait longer because she wasn’t sure about her self or anything anymore for that matter.  She reached up with both her hands and hugged him tight and cried.

Gavin, confused by this sudden onslaught of tears, but then again, she had already cried several times in his arms, just wrapped his long arms about her and held her tight.  Her sobs shook his arms so he tightened his grip about her.  After a few minutes he knew she had calmed.  He felt the wetness against his chest from her tears.

Bronwyn was so confused.  Her head was buried in his hairy chest. His skin was so warm and soothing.  He smelled so good, so masculine.  She was comforted by his arms and she no longer alone or by herself, because she knew she now had someone here for her.  She felt lighter and freer that she had in awhile.  Even though she was calmed and was no longer craving him, Ronnee still felt a twinge of that desire deep within her.  It was deep enough that she could keep it down.  She knew, however, that another session like this and he will be able to do what he wants.  She would be putty in his hands.

About ten minutes later, Ronnee lifted her head, “I am sorry,” she sniffed, “I am such a dolt.  You have been nothing but kind to me and I have been nothing but, I don’t know, less than kind.  I just want to go inside now.  I am very tired all of the sudden.”  She held her hand up for Gavin.

Gavin leaned in and kissed her, letting his lips ponder hers for a moment, “As you say.”  He took her hand and led her to the house.  Ronnee drifted along beside him as he led her up the stairs to her bedroom.  He took her shirt off and the pulled the bra they almost left behind out of his shorts pocket and threw it in the hamper.  Ronnee stood there as he took her night shirt and pulled it down over her head.  His hands hesitated and lightly swept her nipples, once again, perking them up.  Ronnee’s head tilted back and she moaned.  She was too sensitive.  Gavin let the shirt drop down the rest of the way.  He pushed her down onto the bed and raised her legs to place them under the covers.  He left her shorts on.  He didn’t trust himself to remove those and stay sane at the same time.  Gavin turned to leave but Ronnee grabbed his hand and drew his attention back.

“Gavin, will you please stay and hold me until I go to sleep?  You help me relax so.”  Her eyes beseeching Gavin.

“Yes, but you have to promise to not….well, wiggle too much.  I am only a man and on the verge of the breaking point now.”  With a slight smile he crawled over Ronnee and climbed into the bed next to her.  She raised the covers and he hesitantly climbed under, thankful once again that his shorts and hers were still on.

Ronnee rolled over and spooned with Gavin.  Her bottom was tucked into a sensitive area and it was a battle.  He wrapped his long arms about her and much to his chagrin, pulled her closer.  He tucked her head under his chin and brushed her hair out of the way.  He lightly stroked her cheek and hair.  Humming softly, Gavin heard Ronnee’s breathing deepen as she settled into a subconscious slumber.  

As Ronnee drifted deeper and deeper, she had the urge to be even closer to her guardian angel and she scooted closer.  She wanted to mold to his body.  She could feel his strong arms about her and she fell off the cliff into a deep slumber, her dreams unknown.

CHAPTER VII

Bronwyn woke up the next morning feeling refreshed and ready to go.  A lingering scent brought back memories that alternately excited her and brought a bright blush to her cheeks.  She rolled over only to find the bed empty.  Her heart sunk to the pits of her stomach.

As she opened her eyes wider and allowed them to adjust, she noticed a single rose and a note on the pillow beside her. She picked up the rose and took a deep breath of its saintly scent and read the note.

	My Dear,

	I have some errands to run and business to attend to that will take me out of the country for a few weeks.  I must finish some things before I return. I am sure I will be gone for at least two weeks.  I am sorry to have left you this way, but I have some things to think about and I believe you do as well.
	Last night was wonderful, even though we retained our innocence with one another.  Holding you was like holding a dream.	
	I am not sure if I will be able to call, but I will try.  Much thinking to do. I will write.

GRA

The note in some ways brought her security and in other ways brought her anguish. He was gone, not here, not with her.  She can’t touch him, nor can she talk to him.  He left so abruptly.  This last thought led to the thought of…the note is just a nice way of saying good bye without saying it and hurting you as much.  “You idiot, you really screwed this one up.”

Ronnee rolled out of bed and dressed for the day.  The boys were at their granny’s house and Amanda stayed the night with Elizabeth so the house was eerily quiet.  She started cleaning, knowing the kids would be home all too soon.

***
Gavin climbed out of bed early that morning and placed the note on the pillow.  He moved quietly so not to wake Ronnee, because he knew if he didn’t go that he would regret it.  Not to mention holding her in bed like that was driving him nuts.  He stayed hard all night long.  Sleep was a dream in itself.

He hoped she wouldn’t take the note wrong.  He had read and rewrote it several times, but he wanted to make sure she understood that he had to go away on business and had things to think about.  But, women are quirky and he definitely would never have bet on Ronnee’s reaction.

Gavin grabbed his bags and left.  When he closed the door softly behind him, it sounded eerily like a door closing on a chapter in his life. “You are being overt, nothing is wrong,” he muttered to himself as he climbed into the car and left.

Gavin arrived at the airport and flew first class to England to see his old friend, Suttles.  Suttles and Gavin were childhood friends and they have been getting in trouble since they were boys.  Both of their families had money, so they traveled in the same circle at one time.  Unfortunately, Suttles’ family didn’t have the same values and through the years the two families drifted apart as sex scandals, large gambling binges and alcoholism tore his family apart.  Gavin was one of the few left that Suttles spoke with in that circle.  Gavin dropped his carry-on luggage and looked about for his long time friend.

As Gavin turned to look down the isle, he saw Kimberly, an ex girlfriend who just wouldn’t quit, running towards him, “Gavin dear, I heard you were here.  How nice of you to return to England.”  Kimberly stood on her toes and Gavin leaned over so she could place her customary kiss on each cheek. When Gavin felt her linger about his lips he stood back up abruptly, feigning to see Suttles.

“Where is that bloke when you need him?” Gavin muttered to himself.  Kimberly, not one to be out done, reached up and put her arm in his and asked, “Did you say something dear?”

Gavin will never figure out women.  He has told Kimberly in so many ways that he didn’t want to date her anymore.  After hearing her talking with Suttles’ sister about how she could land the ‘Armstrong Money’ first, Gavin’s heart turned to ice.  For all her eye batting and sexual connotations, Gavin couldn’t see past that day he over heard her.  For all he knew she wasn’t aware of his knowledge of that conversation, but to him it didn’t matter.  “Now you take Bronwyn,” he started to himself, “she wouldn’t ever think of me as ‘Armstrong Money’.”

The fact that Ronnee’s name came into his head startled him.  He was bound and determined not to think of her.  But his thoughts were correct, even though she was more needy and more desperate than Kimberly could ever be, Ronnee still saw him in a different light.  When Ronnee was around him, he felt like a person and not a name.  He has let few people call him Rowen over the years, but for the first time in quite a while, he thought of letting her in on that little secret.  He would rather be called Rowen.  Gavin was fine, but Rowen was a pet name that his mother started and he only allowed a select few use.  

Kimberly chatted away about some new boutique in her town when Gavin spotted Suttles in the distance.  Pulling a bit harder than he wanted to, he jerked his arm loose from the ever catty Kimberly and walked faster.  As he neared Suttles he could tell something wasn’t the same.  But as Suttles drew closer, he looked like he worked on being himself again.  Gavin tossed it aside as it being his excited imagination, especially since he hadn’t seen his friend in several years.  As Gavin drew closer he dropped his carry-on bag and stuck his hand out for the customary shake.  However, Suttles, had another thing in mind, he grabbed Gavin’s hand and drew it to him and brought him into a hug, something out of the ordinary for Suttles.

“Rowen, my old mate, how are things going for you these days?”

Startled by this off handed show of affection, Gavin clapped Suttles on the back a few times and then withdrew, “I am fine, how about you?”

“Aww, things are as they are, nothing more.  Lets get out of here.”  Upon hearing the high pitched voice in the background, Suttles muttered further, “Oh, hell, mate I am sorry, my sister told her you were coming.  I thought I would be here in time. I will take care of this.  I know what she is to you.”  With that Suttles, grabbed Gavin’s tote and pulled him along beside.  “I am sorry Kimberly, we are late.  We will have to catch up to you later.”  He turned and winked at her and left her standing where they just were.  She smiled and waived.

“Ok, Gavin dear, you and Suttles have fun.  I will catch up with you later.  I have some errands to run anyway.”  And with that, all were on their separate ways out of the airport.

“Thank you.  I am just not in the mood to deal with her.  Why hasn’t she figured it out by now?  Why can’t she take the hint, as well as the fact that I told her I wasn’t interested in her anymore?  I do not want a dame like her.  I want someone…someone,” like Bronwyn, he thought silently, “someone who wants me for me.”

Suttles laughed lightheartedly, “Yes, Rowen, there is a woman out there that doesn’t know about your family, generations of money and your adeptness at accumulating more wealth.”

“Adeptness?” amused Gavin, “the only thing my ancestor’s were adept in was marrying rich women.”

“Doesn’t sound bad to me.”  Laughed Suttles.

With the knowing look that only friends can have, they carried off into the distance to find their cabby.

***

Ronnee walked out the mill to go home.  It was her third day, now she had three days off.  To be sure she didn’t have spare time, she had to cook, clean, mow; the same routine she had to do last week, the week before, and so on and so forth.  Life seemed dull drum without Gavin around to make things difficult, well, maybe she was the one that made things difficult, but he at least kept things entertaining.  The thought of their last night together and what almost happened in the garage, spooked Ronnee some.  Man how she wished things had gone farther.  The thought of him and her and things going farther, made her weak in the knees, made her blush and throb and ache inside.

“This just isn’t fair!!” she spoke loudly.

“What?”

“Oh, sorry Joe, I was thinking out loud again… you know me,” she laughed.  She turned and looked at Joe.  “What is wrong with me?”

“Ya speaking about your man friend?” Joe had such a weird way of putting things that it made conversation with him tolerable.

“Yes and no.  I mean, oh heck, I am not sure what I mean anymore.  I mean…he came into my life, showed me a great time. And before you think it…we did NOT sleep together.”

“Ain’t none of my business.” Joe said.

Rolling her eyes, Ronnee continued, “I thought things were good.  He is so passionate, great with the kids, but who am I kidding.  Why would he want to come into my mess?  He probably thinks I am after his money.  I mean look at me.  I am fat, I have lots of baggage and lots of bills.”

“Not all men are like that, Ronnee.”  Joe turned and looked at her and for the first time she saw some true emotion in his eyes.  “Love is a funny thing.  Ya can’t pick it.  I mean ya ain’t ugly and I don’t think you’re fat, but not meaning anything bad, there are purtier girls out there.  I mean that...well, heck.  Looks ain’t everything.  Most of the purty ones are nuts.  I think with your personality and drive that you are the purtiest in the mill.  Mayhap the town.  But he’s been all over the world and I am sure that he’s seen purtier.  But ya know, mayhap he seen what is inside of you.  Seen what I see as your friend.  Maybe he knows you from another time.  I believe that you know.  I know sounds goofy, but when I met my Wilma.  I knew that I knew her forever and now that she is gone, I am just looking forward to seeing her again.  He knows what he wants and if he wants you, he seems like the man who gets what he wants.  If’n I was you, I wouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth.  I would enjoy things and let things lay as they are.  Just accept things and move on.  Just go with the flow as I hear you young ’uns say.  If’n I was 30 yrs younger I might take after you myself, but here’n that I ain’t, and that I already know my Wilma is waiting for me, I’ll just be content with what I have.”

Maybe Joe was right, somehow Ronnee felt that she had already heard part of this speech from him, but whether he said the same thing as last time…maybe it needs to be said several times to sink in.  

Ronnee stood there silently for a few moments, “But why would someone who could have the world, settle for me?”  A tear in her eye stealthily slipped down her cheek.

Joe took his hand and gently placed it below Ronnee’s chin. “Because of you,” Was all he said.  With that Joe turned and idled over to his old beat up Ford pickup.

Ronnee stood there for a few moments.  What did he mean by that?  Because of me?  What a weird thing to say.

CHAPTER VIII

Days seemed to tick by for Gavin.  He went through his meetings and dinners in a robotic state.  He seemed to be laughing and enjoying himself, but the whole time he felt distant from himself.  Like he was living outside his body and watching the days go by.  Some people noticed his odd behavior but their attitude was…’He is wealthy beyond all comprehension; he can behave how he wants.  After all, he is an Armstrong.’

Suttles, on the other hand, knew something was up with his old friend.  After a couple of days of this moping, distant attitude, Suttles finally steeled himself to ask Rowen what the problem was. They were sitting together on the veranda in his loft London apartment. The noise of the traffic and people wafted upwards but the scene of the crowded streets was blocked by the wall. The sky above was overcast and grey as it tended to be. Suttles and Gavin were enjoying the cool afternoon air drinking a beer when Suttles finally decided to intrude.

“What is going on with you?  You are not your self, you are not enjoying life.  It is like you are somewhere else.  So tell me mate, what is happening with you?”

Gavin Rowen Armstrong looked at his friend. Was his distance that noticeable?  How do you explain that you are sick for someone you hardly know and isn’t your type or… or…your…well, anyway, she is a testy problem. “I am fine, what do you mean?”

“Aww, come on mate, you know that I know you way to well to accept that answer.  Let me guess, it is a woman?”

Gavin looked defeated.  “Yes, I cannot keep her out of my mind.  I want to be with her. I miss every annoying, pesky thing about her.”

Suttles looked at his friend, knowing she must be special, for he had never seen Gavin act this way about any woman, “Aww, what is she a snotty beauty queen, that is driving you nuts with ideas on how to spend your money?”  This last quip came from Gavin’s experience with his last ex girlfriend, Kimberly.

“No.”

“Is she some exotic princess?”

“No.”

“Is she some rich family heiress that will help you expand your fortune?”  This one too was from a previous ex girl friend of Gavin’s.  This one, however, was heard plotting on how to get rid of Gavin once she had his money locked in.

“No.  Well, I…no.” Gavin thought about that for a moment.  Her family did have money, whether Ronnee accessed it or not.  But if she truly was after his money or family name, then she wouldn’t be living as she is, and wouldn’t be working as hard as she does.  She would be trying to make herself more beautiful and bowing down to his every whim.

“That is it!”  A light bulb went off in Gavin’s head.

“What is it?” said a disinterested voice.

Gavin turned and looked at Suttles, “She isn’t after my money. She has some, she just doesn’t want to access it, or well, plans on doing things herself, no matter how hard it is.  She isn’t after my name, for she has a name.  She isn’t a princess, she isn’t a beauty queen.  She is normal.  A normal, everyday, single mother who is thrust into a position to make her a bit hardy and suspect of anything and everything.”  The gleam in Gavin’s eye was bright.  “I think I love her because I have never met anyone like her.  She is the opposite of what usually finds their way into my bed.  Well, we never even slept together.  She always said no.  She might love me for me, but I think I love her because of who she isn’t.”

Suttles thought for a moment.  What Gavin just said made absolutely no sense.  Since when did he date a woman that wouldn’t bed him.  Gavin was by no means a gigolo, however, he never needed to think twice before a woman was throwing themselves at his feet.  A problem, Suttles thought to himself, that he never encountered until after they found out about the money that he was accumulating after separating him self from his family. He had a good business head on his shoulders and worked with Gavin on several lucrative deals.

Suttles stared long and hard at Gavin.  His eyes widened even further, “You are in love.  You have been bitten by the Cupid Love Bug.”

Gavin looked at his friend with aghast, “I have not.  I am just infatuated with her.  She is so different compared to everyone else that I have dated or well, wanted to date me.”

“So tell me about this supposed girl.  How did you meet her?”

“Well, I was at this store called Wal-Mart and her sons were running and chasing each other and she just looked so ragged there, fighting them.  My heart just yearned to help her and so I did.  I retrieved the boys, promised them ice cream if they behaved and we ate ice cream.  We had a pleasant time.  I really pored on my charm, but she seemed unaffected by it.  See, she is different, never had that happen before.  Then I went to my business meeting to see about buying that old carpet mill business out and closing some of the mills to combine jobs and save money and low and behold she was there, all dirty and mucky, underneath one of the machines pounding away with a hammer, talking to some old man.  She slid out, and I remember that she looked so beautiful with her hair astray and the dust and dirt in it.  She had streaks of grease on her face.  I hadn’t ever met a self-sufficient female like her that didn’t care every lasting moment about her looks and skin.”  Gavin paused and a smile crept across his face, “She stood up and saw me.  Fury enflamed her eyes and I saw something inside of her that I am not sure many others had seen.  She really let me have it.  Told me that I was a stuffed shirt…something or another…and a few other names, and that how dare I do this and how dare I do that.  It was then and there that I realized that I wanted this woman.”

The quizzical look in Suttles’ face was enough to make Gavin laugh.  “See it is only because she is so different.  I don’t need her kids, bills, and sharp tongue. I can do without her.”

Suttles’ face never changed, “Yes, you are right.  You can do without that entanglement.  She has baggage and problems.  I have to get ready.  See you tonight.” Suttles walked away shaking his head. Even though Gavin was blind to his feelings, or trying to ignore them, didn’t mean they were invisible to the rest of the world. He would stand by his friend because he knew that Gavin would be changing his tune any day now.

Gavin watched Suttles turn and walk away and could have sworn he heard him laughing at him.

***
Ronnee’s next two weeks were fairly uneventful.  Football season was getting ready to start, that meant school, school supplies and school clothes and new football cleats for Keene.  The bills never stop, the kids never stop growing, and the needs and wants never end.

How she wished she could just run back home, but then she could hear her family behind her back, Bronwyn has messed up again and brought her mess home for us to clean up.  She didn’t want to hear it, she would work two, no three jobs if she had to.  She wasn’t swallowing her pride and going home any more.  

Lucky for Ronnee the gossip about her and Gavin died down quite a bit at work.  Things were back to normal, all except for one thing, the continuous rumors about the plant closing.  If the plant closed, how would she make it?  She could hardly make it now and the plant jobs paid more than most other jobs.  Sure it was dirty, hard, slave labor work, but it paid the bills and left you a little extra.  

Ronnee scrubbed to no avail to get the dye off of her hands.  The dye line mechanics needed help and she volunteered to go over.  A new challenge was always stimulating to the mind was her theory.  She was easily bored doing the same job day in and day out. Now Gavin, she thought, had an exciting job that varied.  Or at least the scenery does.  There you go again thinking about someone who isn’t coming back, she doubted back at herself.

Ronnee left work and drove to the corner store.  There she ran into someone, an old friend, who she always thought would be more than a friend, but it just never worked out.  Steve was sitting on his Harley Davidson motorcycle when he saw her and waved for her to come over.

Upon arriving, they hugged, “Been a long time girl, where you been keeping yourself?  Man you are looking great, lost weight?”

Now this is a man who is realistic.  He is rugged, but very kind, caring and soft inside.  He is gruff around some people, but all teddy bear with his daughter and her, and, I am sure, she surmised, other woman.

She looked at Steve with a different light.  He was a little over weight but not much, you could see muscles and a bit of a belly. He had tattoos from his military days and a few light scars.  He was a man’s man.  He took charge of things, but never ordered you around, he just had a way of saying things that made you want to jump up and do it.  He worked hard for a living and doted on his girl.  He had been divorced twice, which that in itself used to scare Ronnee, but after knowing him, she just figured out that he made wrong choices in women and had some bad luck.  His first wife left him and their daughter to live on their own and he hadn’t seen her in years.  Their daughter is now grown with her own child. His second wife died of a brain tumor three years ago. So now the fact that he had already been married two times didn’t bother Ronnee at all anymore.

Ronnee stood there in silence thinking.  He sure wasn’t Gavin, but Gavin isn’t here is he?  This man is real, he is here.  He has always liked you, things have always just been off and not workable before.  Now Ronnee was ready to settle down again. Or at least try to.

“Hey Bronwyn, what world are you in?” a soothing, husky voice broke her train of thought... 

“Oh, I am sorry.  I was just thinking about some things.  So did you get a new Harley?  Sure looks nice.  I miss the rides you used to give me.”

“Where are your kids?”

“The boys are at their grandmother’s house and Amanda is staying the night with Amanda again.”

“Well, hop on then.” He held out a helmet to her.  The same one she had worn in the past.  It sure would be nice to ride again.  She loved the heavy rumble and vibration of the Harley Davidson.  

“Follow me to the house so I can leave my car.”  Ronnee jumped into her car and sped off with Steve on her tail. They arrived at her house and she quickly ran in freshened up with a quick shower and changed clothes.  She ran a brush through her hair and left the long tresses hanging down her back to dry in the wind.  After adding a bit of light makeup, Ronnee was ready to go.  She ran out the door and met Steve who was sitting patiently on her porch smoking.

“Are you ready?” He asked as he inspected her, his eyes blazing.

“Yes, I am.” She answered, blushing lightly at his perusal.

He offered her his arm and walked her to the bike. He put his gloves and helmet on while she donned her helmet.

After about an hour of riding, they finally pulled over. “Are you hungry? I know I sure am.”

Ronnee thought about it for a moment and her stomach answered his question with a loud rumble.

“I hear protesting.  I hear something saying it wants food.” Embarrassment seeped through Ronnee at the loud noise her stomach made. “Come on babydoll, put your helmet up and let’s go inside.”  Steve took her helmet and slung it over the handlebar, and took off his gloves and chaps and placed them in his saddle bags and locked them.  Ronnee stood there as he took her elbow and led her into Logan’s Roadhouse to eat.

“What is the matter with you?  You are in another world.” He asked as he watched her faraway eyes.

“Oh, it is nothing, just a lot on my mind.  I am sorry, I will work harder on focusing. So how have things been?  How is your daughter?”  Ronnee couldn’t remember if she already asked him these things.

“She is fine.  They are staying the weekend with her grandmother as well.  Things have been good, business is up.  Bought some more rental property.”  The waitress arrived to take their drink and hors devours order. “She will take a strawberry daiquiri and don’t skimp on the alcohol, I will take a beer and…an order of potato skins.”

Steve had a way of doing things where they were done his way and you didn’t realize it.  At first Ronnee wanted to protest at the restaurant, she wasn’t dressed for this type of establishment, but the smell and his light pull on her elbow, dismissed that qualm, second she wanted to protest the drink, but a strawberry daiquiri sounded just great.  Thirdly, did she really want the potato skins?  A few minutes later they arrived and she was sure she did.  He never really seemed to make bad decisions.  The strong willed woman in her wanted to say, no, but she truly did enjoy having someone to make a few decisions.  She made way too many every day.

They ate their pre-dinner snack without celebrity and with a light but enjoyable banter.  The conversation was as always nice and polite.  They talked about their days, their jobs, and their children mostly.  She really liked Steve and had always fancied herself with him, but tonight she felt different.  She didn’t feel any type of spark.  Damn that Gavin he ruins everything, was the thought that ran through Ronnee’s mind several times.

Steve on the other hand, felt differently about her.  For he would occasionally grab her hand, something he hadn’t done before.  Occasionally make a sweet comment about her.  Occasionally, not overbearing, but enough for Ronnee to sense something was different about him.

Half way through the night and about three or four daiquiris later Ronnee felt better and started to loosen up. She shoved any and all thoughts of Gavin out of her head.  That was then, this is now, she amusingly pointed to herself.

Steve took Ronnee’s furthered cheerfulness as an acceptance to his flirts, so he flirted more.  Her eyes lit up, her face glowed and even her mussed hair was beautiful in the soft light.  Steve only drank one beer, for he knew he was driving, however, he let her have her fill.  She seemed to relax and start enjoying herself after a few and Steve liked that.  They soon stopped talking about kids and work and started talking about friends, past lovers and, each other.  Several times he made a comment that would make her blush and stammer.  He enjoyed having that type of effect on her, but he wondered deep inside if it was her lack of male attention that caused such a reaction, or he himself.

Steve shifted in his seat. He was enjoying himself immensely, as was Ronnee.  She even started reaching over and tapping his hand every once in awhile to emphasize a point or part in her story.  With anyone else Steve would think this was flirting, but with Ronnee he wasn’t sure.  She was always overly friendly, not in a bad sort but in an all are equal, male or female sort of way.  When Ronnee saw someone she hadn’t seen in awhile, she just naturally hugged him or her.  Sometimes much to the dismay of a wife or girl friend.  Always harmless, always intended only to be friendly, but too many people around here do not think that men and women can be friends and not be sexually intimate.  Ronnee thought that was bull shit.  When she hugged a woman, the rumors flew about her sexual orientation.  Ronnee was a natural harmless flirt, thus the somewhat state of confusion by Steve.

The more Ronnee forgot about Gavin, the more she liked Steve.  She would intentionally touch his hand to let him know that she liked him, but he seemed aloof or at least confused to her.  Oh, he joked and laughed with her, but hesitated on touching other than the occasional hand touch or grab.  Ronnee withdrew some and tried to be more reserved.

After paying the check, Ronnee and Steve exited out the restaurant and went back to the Harley.  After donning the helmets, his gloves and chaps and putting Ronnee’s purse back into the saddle bag, they climbed aboard the rumbling 250 pounds of vibrating steel and slowly pulled out of the parking lot.  The night was beautiful and clear.  The stars shone brightly, so on the way home Steve braved an idea.

Ronnee wasn’t paying much attention as they drove home.  She was a bit tipsy and tired from work that day.  She hung on and just laid her head on his back making sure to lean when he did and sit straight when he did.  It sure felt nice to hold a man again, even though it was to hang on for dear life.  Every once in awhile she would lean back and grab the seat back and hold on to it and sit up straight and enjoy the scenery as it went by, but seeing that it was night and there wasn’t anything she hadn’t seen a hundred times before, she would lean forward again and hold onto Steve.

Steve went straight through the Battlefield Park and Highway 27 intersection and headed straight into the Chattanooga-Chickamauga Battlefield.  He drove for about another mile and turned right onto a side road.  They swerved around a few turns and then drove up a steep hill.  As he neared the top, Ronnee sat up, now wondering where they were.

Steve pulled the bike into a small parking area and waited for Ronnee to dismount so he could do the same.  After removing their gear, Ronnee stood there for an explanation.  She waited patiently while Steve unzipped his chaps.

Steve righted himself and tossed the chaps on the bike.  It was a warm night and he was hot in his jeans, but he didn’t care.  “Come on, I have something to show you.”  He took Ronnee’s hand and led her towards a building that was some old civil war building.  He led her past it to the side where the ground dropped off.  Below them was a field amid tall grass and flowers.  The twinkling stars in the sky and the moonlit night made for a romantic setting.  “This is Snod Grass Hill.  I like to come up here and think.  It’s quiet and peaceful and I just enjoy the solitude. Not many people come up here anymore.”

He led her over to the side of the hill where they could lay down in the grass and be looking upwards.  The slight breeze rustled the grass tops and trees. The scenery was very comforting.  Ronnee could see herself out here in a sleeping bag, sleeping under the stars. Every so often you could hear a bird.  Crickets were plentiful as were the frogs it seemed.  If you listened intently you could occasionally hear the rustling of wildlife in the surrounding woods. Probably a deer for the White Tail ran amok in the Battlefield.

With a deep sigh, Ronnee closed her eyes and enjoyed the light night breeze and the sounds of silence.  Steve didn’t speak for a bit either.  The quiet song of the night lulled her into a dream state, not asleep, but not fully awake either.  She hummed softly to herself.  For the first time in weeks, Bronwyn was truly relaxed.

Steve watched her for a few minutes.  He turned over onto his side and propped his head up on his elbow.  She was beautiful in the moonlight.  Her hair rustled about some.  Her quiet demeanor was seductive.  Maybe it was the moonlight, Steve didn’t know, but all he knew is that he was seeing her in a different light.  They hadn’t been together intimately, ever.  They kissed every once in awhile, but there had always been a wall put up by one or the other.  Just to glance or notice Ronnee for the first time would lead you to think of a tom-boy, average looking woman.  But when you got to know her, you saw a different side.  She was soft, warm, loving.  She wanted, no, needed to be loved in the worst way, but put up this façade to hide that fact.

Steve lifted his free arm and lightly traced her lips.  They were soft and full.  This startled Ronnee a little.  She opened her eyes and moved her head side to side as if to knock off a bug.  Steve just dropped his arm down to her chest.  Ronnee turned her head and looked at him.

“I am sorry, did I fall asleep?” She asked with a small yawn following.

“No, I do not think you were fully asleep, rather, just enjoying the relaxing night atmosphere.” Steve watched her face closely, looking for any hint of how she was feeling. He looked at her eyes and for the first time saw the depth in them. He watched her mouth move as she spoke and how it made the tip of her nose move just a bit.

“Do we need to go?”

“Not unless you want to,” returned Steve.

Ronnee thought about that for a moment.  She truly loved laying here, it was so nice.  But in a way she felt guilty.  There was so much house work to be done, there was yard work to be done, she needed to go home and get to sleep.  And Gavin…  There she went again. She was not “going” with Gavin.  She was not sure what they were, but he wasn’t here, he hasn’t called.  For all she knew, he was off with some blonde bimbo having fun.  Truly Gavin didn’t seem the sort, but neither did her ex husband seem the one to cheat and abuse.

“I think it would be nice to stay for a little while longer. I have a lot to do tomorrow so I can’t stay long.”  She turned on her side and propped her head up on her elbow as well.

On impulse Steve raised his hand and grazed the end of her nose ever so lightly.  Ronnee smiled.  As Steve moved a little closer, he leaned towards her like a tree in high winds.  Ronnee felt the pull and leaned in as well.  She waited for their lips to touch, she waited for the fireworks, for the feeling in the pit of her stomach, she waited for the same thing that she felt with Gavin, so that she could prove that he was nothing…that a kiss was just a kiss.

When their lips touched it was nothing but a comfortable warmth.  No fireworks, no sparks.  Steve parted her lips with his tongue and lightly touched hers.  Disappointed in herself and many other things, Ronnee hesitated and Steve took that as a hint that he was moving too fast.

He pulled back and looked at her.  Her eyes were still closed but, little did he know that Ronnee was dreaming about the kiss that set her toes on fire that Gavin gave her.  Steve gave her comfort and reality.  Gavin gave her excitement.  The choice should be easy, but for some reason it wasn’t.  Ronnee sighed, Ok, she thought, one more try. Kiss for a little longer.  Surely Gavin doesn’t corner the outstanding kiss market as well. She slowly leaned towards Steve.

Steve took the sign as a bit of encouragement and leaned over again.  This time he leaned over and lightly pushed her shoulders so she was laying down flat.  He leaned over her and lowered his head slowly.  His kiss was very passionate. There wasn’t anything wrong with it.  He didn’t do anything wrong, it just didn’t have that spark that told you something special was there.  Ronnee moaned in distress and Steve took that moan as encouragement.

He leaned over farther and his hand reached up to her breast.  With a light massage, he started to play with her nipple.  He always loved her breasts, always wanted to feel them.  His tongue was playing catch with hers betwixt their two mouths.  Ronnee decided that she was going to put her all into this and clearly this would create that spark and that feeling she wanted from Steve.  

After a few minutes of kissing, there still weren’t any fireworks. There wasn’t even the spark Ronnee desperately craved.  Ronnee even let Steve move his hand under her shirt.  Since she was still a bit intoxicated her thoughts and reactions were slowed and her inhibitions were not as strong.  She was enjoying this and she was getting aroused.  It just wasn’t like when she was with Gavin.  Ronnee stiffened a little at the thought of his name.

Steve took that as a sign to slow down again.  He was thoroughly aroused and wanted to take her then and there.  He knew that he wouldn’t push her any more than she wanted.  He took her hand and placed it on his hard manhood.  He wanted her know how much he wanted her.  There wasn’t any forcefulness, just a gentle nudging of encouragement.  

Ronnee felt his hardness and thought how nice it would be to make love again, to have that feeling of belonging.  It had been two years since her and her boyfriend broke up and two years since she had sex.  The fact that she was able to hold Gavin at bay was a major accomplishment to her.  Two years is a long time for a healthy woman in her mid-thirties.  Ronnee closed her eyes, Damn Gavin, she thought, damn him.  I could be doing this, but now I can’t.  I can’t stop thinking of him. Damn my pride, honor and self respect.  I want this so bad, I can’t stand it, but, of course, I won’t.  She wished she could be like other women she knew and just not care, but she wasn’t and did.

Ronnee opened her eyes and looked at Steve.  He was trusting and had no idea of the battle going on in her at this moment.  She sat up slowly looking at Steve as though she were dying. “I am sorry Steve, I can’t do this.  It’s not fair to you.  I am too confused inside and I do not want to make things worse for me and I do not think it was right for me to allow this knowing the turmoil I have inside.”

Steve looked deep into her eyes.  He could see sadness in them.  He looked deeper and saw something else.  Something he hadn’t seen in awhile.  Love.  However, try as he might, he just couldn’t believe that love was for him.  He rolled over and sat up.  With a big sigh, he leaned over and hugged Ronnee with all his might, “I completely understand.  I have been there too.  And whoever it is, is a mighty lucky person but I do not relish him, for I think you will keep him on his toes.” Steve ended with a chuckle.

Ronnee looked at him, was she so transparent? Try as she might she couldn’t get Gavin out of her mind. She was sure he didn’t feel the same way, but there wasn’t anything she could do about her feelings for him.  All she could hope for was truth and honesty out of Gavin and things would be ok.

Steve stood up and helped Ronnee stand.  “I apologize for this.  I truly didn’t mean for things to go this far, you were enticing and, well, still no excuse.”

“It takes two to tango and I wanted to tango in some ways, I just couldn’t go through with it. I apologize for letting things get this far.”

Steve looked at Ronnee, “Now I know why we are such good friends.  That is what we were meant to be.  You are one of my better friends and I wouldn’t want to ruin it with sex anyway. Although every once in awhile…”

Ronnee half heartedly slapped Steve’s arm, “You beast.” 

“Shall we go?” asked Steve and he gave his arm to Ronnee.  

Ronnee leaned forward and kissed him in a sisterly way.  “You are a good person and one of my best friends.”

They quietly walked back to the Harley and donned their gear.  About thirty minutes later, Ronnie was back at home…by herself, as usual.





CHAPTER IX

Gavin tossed and turned on the hammock at his small house outside Gloucester, England.  He went on a great date.  Thought he would blow the memories of Bronwyn out of his head with a sexy blonde, whom he had known for ages and slept with previously.  However, after the evening wore on he found her dreadfully boring and self absorbed.  How come he never noticed that before? Afterwards when she wrapped her long tan arms about his neck and kissed him, he felt somewhat repulsed by the tobacco flavor in her mouth with the over rich taste of gum to hide the smell.  He never remembered that taste bothering him before.  Gavin caught himself thinking of Ronnee’s fresher, less offensive tasting mouth.  Ronnee’s aperture was usually fresh.  She didn’t smoke and that was a plus… “What am I doing?” Gavin muttered to himself.  “This woman had beauty, some brains and wasn’t mouthy.  She adored me, worshipped me and readily offered herself to me…and I turned her down?  I just can’t understand why I have this fixation on someone who is bound to make my life to excitable.”  Then Gavin smiled.  That is why he loved Ronnee, she wasn’t a typical woman, she was herself and made no apologies for it.  He never knew what to expect out of her.  She kept him on his toes thus his life wasn’t boring.  But how long would she be entertaining to him?  How long till he became bored as he always did?

Suttles came in the room with a beer and handed him the dark, frothy concoction.  “What are ya thinking about, mate?” 

“Just thinking.”

“Well, who ever she is sure must be worthwhile, for I have not ever seen you so intensely evaluating everything that happens.” Suttles commented as he settled into another hammock.

Gavin blew the head off of the beer, “I am not sure what you are talking about?”

“You blew off Stephanie last night.”

“I did no such thing.”

“She called me last night crying because she felt you had someone and wanted to know who it was.  I wouldn’t call her upset because you had someone, but upset because she couldn’t get you to stay and kiss her arse.”  Suttles blew off his beer and took a long deep drink, looking his friend over.

“I did no such thing.  We have had some times together but that is it.  I do not kiss her butt.” The indignation of such a thought stiffened Gavin.

“Rowen, ole buddy, you know good and well that some of these girls just snap their fingers and you were there to do their bidding.”

“I beg your pardon…”

“Take for instance,” began Suttles as he ineptly interrupted Gavin, “Karen.  She said she was terribly sick and needed you to stay and help her.  What did you do?  Move in for two weeks and “helped” her.”

Gavin smiled at the memory, “I don’t remember her being all that sick.  She seemed to recover awful quick.  She sure was mad when I left the country though, as if I would stay because of her.”  Gavin took another long drink.  The beer tasted good.  He enjoyed the dark, bitter beers of yesteryear.

Suttles sat up and leaned forward so that he could get Gavin’s full attention, “Rowen, we have known each other for years.  Think about it.  The women have never shied from you.  They have always sought you out.  Sure you’re a good man, you are good looking, and from what I have heard, not incapable in bed.  But man those aren’t the real reasons those woman wanted you.”  Suttles sighed and looked his friend in his eye, “You know they are after the Armstrong money and name.  You know they are after what they can get, not what they can give.  You know that they chase my ugly mug.  Mate, you need to find yourself someone that doesn’t know you or understand the power you yield daily or one that doesn’t just bloody give a damn. Then and only then, will you know if she loves you for you and not for what she can get.”

With consternation, Suttles leaned back and took a long deep drink from his mug, finishing his beer in two swallows.  He gathered Gavin’s now empty mug and left to go refill the mugs, leaving Gavin to sit there wallowing in self pity.

Gavin thoughts weighed heavily.  He wasn’t sure what he truly wanted.  Did he want a nice and easy life?  A woman that would follow his every beck and call.  A woman that would do what he wanted, when he wanted and without question.  It sounded nice to have a woman like that, but on the other hand, wouldn’t it get boring.  And what if he didn’t see things from the right angle.  Did he want a woman to point out his every mistake, his every error?  Did he want a woman to question his every motive, to question his every decision? Did he want arm candy or did he want a human being that could put him in his place when needed or keep him from making a grave mistake.  He liked not being questioned about everything he did.  But sometimes he wants a nice rousing argument.  Gavin smiled at that thought.  Yes a nice rousing argument, something to give him lots of reasons to make up later.  

Suttles returned with the filled mugs and sat back down, “Penny for your thoughts mate.” 

Gavin took a deep sigh.  “I cannot get her out of my mind.  I didn’t even sleep with Steph last night.  I did blow her off.  I didn’t realize it until you said something.  This woman has affected me like no other.  I want to help her.  I want to be with her.  I want to be a part of her.”

Suttles looked at his mug, “Rowen, you do not need her and her problems.  You have the perfect life.  Nothing to hold you down.  What is she great in bed?”

Gavin sheepishly looked over his mug, “Not even slept with her.”

“It’s the mystery.  Bed her and be done with it.  After that you will see her without her mystery.  You just want to know what a single mom of kids can do in bed.”

Gavin crossed his heavy brows, “You are a crass man.  It hasn’t been for lack of trying, but she has a standard.  She doesn’t just sleep with people.”

“Then what is your big thing with her.  If all she does is yell at you and turn you down, what else is there?” Suttles was torn between his belief that Gavin had been struck by Cupid and the fact that this woman was so out of character for Gavin. He tended to stray away from anyone that might press the word commitment and a single mother would because that is what she wanted, a man to take care of her. Or so Suttles believed. He wanted to see Gavin happy and would like to see him settle, but then again, they have a great time together. Suttles weighed in on his own problems and for a brief moment, his eyes saddened and Gavin caught the look.

“Suttles, there is something bothering you and you haven’t said a word. You have done nothing the last two weeks but listen to my problems. What is wrong, what is going on?” Gavin was concerned for Suttles is usually carefree and his problems never bothered him.

“Aww, mate you have enough of your problems without me airing mine.” Suttles sighed softly.

“No, come on, spit it out, it’s your turn to get things off of your chest.”

“Well, remember that girl Sheryl I was dating?” Gavin nodded as he took another drink. “We broke up.”

“You know I didn’t like her and trust her, so why is that such bad news?” Gavin asked.

“We broke up because I caught her cheating on me. When I confronted her about it, she threw something horrid into my face.” Suttles face saddened as he thought of that night. “Aww, Rowen I know I always say I do not want a family and don’t want to settle down, but lately that is all I can think of. I was seriously thinking of asking her to marry me. I wanted to start a family with her.”

Gavin waited patiently for his friend to continue. He was afraid of what Suttles was going to say. He had a feeling it wasn’t going to be good.

“She made sure to tell me as she gathered her stuff to leave my apartment…” again Suttles paused and a tear slid down his cheek. “That she was pregnant but aborted the baby the previous week.” Suttles turned a mournful eye at his friend. 

“How do you know she was telling the truth?” Gavin asked carefully.

“She showed me the ultrasound pictures. She was twelve weeks when she met this other man and aborted so she could be with him. Or so she says. The doctor had to be nuts, but he did it anyway without ever asking me my thoughts and opinions. I never knew until it was too late.” Suttles wiped his eyes to rid them of the tears that threatened to escape.

Gavin stood and went over to his friend and hugged him tightly. Suttles didn’t cry. He just took several deep breaths and pushed away. “I will be ok. She wasn’t worth it. I would have kept the baby without her if she would have asked. I want a family Rowen. I want a loving wife with lots of brats running about my feet. I am ready to grow up.” 

Gavin stood back from his friend and grabbed his beer again. He turned his back to give Suttles a few moments to gather himself together. Suttles confession put Gavin’s mind into overdrive. Did he want the same things? Was he ready to grow up?

Suddenly, Gavin smiled. Yes he definitely wanted brats, lots of brats and a loving wife to come home to every night. He wanted a home and family about him. He wanted to grow some roots. Gavin looked up at the starlit night and he knew then that Bronwyn was the person he wanted to be his for life.

Gavin looked at Suttles who had his wits about him once again.  “I need to go home and see Mom.”

“She is here in England. She is at the old Armstrong estates.”

Gavin’s head came around quickly.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Thought ye knew, sorry.”

“Ready for a road trip?”  Gavin smiled because he knew that was a dumb question.  Suttles was always ready for a road trip, besides Suttles needed something to take his mind off of that bitch.

An hour later, Gavin and Suttles were on their way to the old Armstrong estates.  The estates had been in the family since before the 1500s.  At one time they sprawled across England, but throughout the centuries it was widdled away at and now it consists of a dozen or so estates with approximately 100 acres a piece.  The foremost and most elaborate place was the original Armstrong estates.  The old castle wall was crumbling and many of the out buildings had fallen completely down, but the manor house that stood with in the walls, stables and several other buildings were in excellent shape and kept as original as possible.  

Part of the manor house burned about 250 years previous, but was restored. Since much of the original furniture also was burned or ruined in the fire, there were many replicas throughout the house.  The Armstrong family always took pride in this manor house and kept it up throughout the years.

Several other of the family estates were in poor shape but as a collective whole, the Armstrong family was trying to restore them.  A few of the properties were ran by the government as tourist attractions.  One mighty old castle was in the process of being remodeled to become a new “medieval” attraction.  The land was being restored to be a working medieval community in which people could pay and enter a lottery to be a member of for periods of time.  There were discussions as to whether these periods should be a week, two weeks or longer.  However most believed that anything longer than two weeks would be a detractor from the excitement.

The Armstrong family spent millions on remodeling and rebuilding the old town that surrounded the castle.  Most of the detainers would be actors and locals living there, however, the “tourists” would enter a lottery which would let them know if they were to live as royalty or as servants.  Spots that were to be filled ranged from lord and lady, to chambermaid, to farmer. The goal was to get as close to the real thing as possible, not for another show like Medieval Knights or Warwick Castle.

This was the project that excited Gavin the most.  From the research that he and his family had done, this estate they were using was one of his namesake’s; Rowen Armstrong, a knight from the 1500s, who was known for his love of woman and his excellence on the tournament field. He loved to go to the old estate and walk through it as they remodeled and worked diligently on it.  The researchers he hired to make sure that things were as accurate as possible kept him abreast of the history and the findings.  The nostalgia of the castle made him weep at times.  His deep desire to have lived in that era is perhaps what drives him in these projects.  Somehow, Gavin knew, that whomever he loved would also love this era as well.  It was rare to find someone with that type of background, but he knew she was out there.  

The rich history of the Armstrong family was kept alive through various stories passed down from generation to generation.  Also there were many documents that were preserved, as well as diaries and a variety of notes and letters. Since the remodeling, Gavin’s workers have discovered several boxes hidden regarding eras of medieval and later eras regarding the family and the history that followed it.  Every day, it seemed at times, they were learning something new about their ancestors and this country.

England had been the home of the Armstrong clan for generations, however, they also had family in France, America and Germany.  They were a strong family that were famous for making money as well as marrying into it. They fought in wars and often fought against each other as the family spread and spread its wings. There were parts of the family that had been out of touch with the rest for generations and therefore, had no idea there were other relatives out there. Probably the biggest example of this was the German Armstrongs. 

Gavin knew where he would find his mother.  Whenever she was at the estates she never left the stables, or so it seemed and that is where Gavin found her.  Her arms covered in muck.  She had just helped a black mare deliver her foal.  As he looked at her, he was amazed that at her age her beauty would still be so strong. She had long thick copper colored hair with brown eyes with the most unusual gold specks in them.

“Is that Bluestone Trevelyn’s last foal?”  Gavin asked as he entered the stall. Bluestone Trevelyan was Gavin favorite Frisian sire.  He passed away six months ago, not long after they bred this mare.  

Upon hearing the voice of her oldest son, Margaret Ann Armstrong, Maggie to most, turned about stood. “What just questions about horses?  No hugs for your mother?”

Gavin let a grin split his face that he held but for few.  “I am not sure I want to share in your love of…whatever you have all over you at this moment in time.”  

“You never were much of a man.” Maggie said matter-of-factly.  

Gavin used his long legs to close the distance between them and he reached over and hugged her with the love and intensity that his family has always shown towards each other.  “I have missed you Mom, and I love you so much.”

Keeping her arms at bay, for all her ribbing she would never intentionally ruin Gavin’s clothing; Maggie stood on her toes and leaned in for Gavin’s hug. “I love you too son. And I have even missed you some too.”  The light in her eyes belied her tone.

“Ahem,” Suttles broke the moment.  He shifted passed Gavin and strode to Maggie, “You can get me dirty any time.  You are still one hot woman.”  

Maggie giggled and pushed him back. “You are so crass.”

“That is what I was just telling him.” Gavin threw in.

Suttles finished his hug and spun Maggie around.  He placed a sound kiss on her cheek.  Looking over he saw Gavin shooting daggers at him. “Aww, mate, can’t I even have fun.”

Gavin cracked a smile. “Not with MY Mom.”  With that the trio left the stables chattering on about things gone past.

***
Ronnee hadn’t heard a word from Gavin in almost two months.  Her self doubt started to really run deep.  And since he hadn’t been back around, more gossip started.  The gossip didn’t bother her as much as the fact that she just missed him so much.  She turned down several dates.  For some reason she was now being asked out at a regular pace, which was something she wasn’t used to.  Every time someone asked her out, she compared him to Gavin and would inevitably turn the man down.

No one could compare with his grey eyes, tanned skin, black hair that had that bit of curl at the collar.  No one could compare with his manners, attitude and masculinity.  Gavin has some sort of chivalrous, knightly thing about him.  He was someone you wanted to marry your daughter.

However, he was in his early forties and not married and as far as Ronnee knew, never married.  Now her thoughts turned towards, he was too perfect.  There was something wrong with him. Was he a serial killer, a rapist… a thought crossed her mind that made her gasp…a child molester?

“Ok,” Ronnee thought out loud under her machine, “This is ridiculous.  He isn’t here, hasn’t called and obviously isn’t coming back.  So get your ass in gear and move on.”

She pulled herself out from under the machine with a rocker arm that needed a new wheel.  As she sat up and blew her hair out of her face, she looked up to see her old friend Joe, “Ya been talking to yerself an awful lot lately.  What’s been ailing ya?”

Ronnee just sat there, not knowing what to say.  She looked up at Joe and sighed. “Is it that obvious?”

Joe nodded. “Ya certainly are distracted. It’s that rich feller, ain’t it?”

Ronnee grabbed a rail for support and pulled herself upright. “He hasn’t called, hasn’t written, or even acknowledged me in weeks. I guess he couldn’t get what he wanted so he left.”

“One day, Bronwyn, your pride will make you lose out on a lot.”

“I just don’t go around sleeping with people.”

“The way he was looking at you and you at him, I wouldn’t cared a shit what people thought if we’d slept together. If’n I had been him, you wouldn’t have had a chance to say no.”

The comment startled Ronnee, “Well, it wasn’t for lack of trying.” Her eyes closed and she could feel his breath on her and his hands, “I just couldn’t ever go through with it.”

Joe walked over and took her chin into his hand, “If ya don’t drop this pride crap, ya gonna lose out.”  He held her eye contact for several moments.

A tear struggled to release itself from the corner of Ronnee’s eye.  She took the back of her hand and wiped it away.  A sniffle then ensued, followed by another tear.  Her eyes were big, blue and filled with pain.  Her head hurt from thinking so much and her pride hurt at being in the position she was in now, ready to cry.

Joe saw the turmoil and released her chin, he took his long, hairy arms and wrapped them about her.  This was the first time emotion was shown by Joe, for he was usually so aloof. Ronnee wrapped her arms about his waist and cried.  She cried until she felt she could cry no more.  She cried for what she felt was an eternity.  After what was actually just a few minutes, Ronnee pulled back.  Embarrassment ran deep in her cheeks.

“I am so sorry Joe, I do not know what has come over me.  I have just been so emotional lately.”

“I know and I understand.  It’s ok, that’s what friends are for. Now lets get this machine finished before we get yelled at. You know that ass would love to fire ya for a good reason to appease his bruised pride.”  With a chuckle, Joe turned back to the Verdol.  

“Joe, I am taking a vacation.  Going to Panama City.  I leave this Friday night.  I will be gone for about 10 days.  I have those three days off, so I may just stay a little longer, who knows. Depends on what Steve wants.”

Joe had heard Bronwyn talk of this Steve before.  She seemed to think of him more as a big brother or best friend than as an eternal love.  Heaven help him, Joe thought, he was turning romantic.

“Don’t sell yerself short just because ya don’t understand something or someone,” was all he said as he finished his job and walked off.  Ronnee stared after him as he left, wondering what he meant by that last comment.  But Joe wasn’t going to say anything else. Once he had his say that is all you were going to get out of him.  The bout of emotion and conversation they just shared was a rarity for the old man.


CHAPTER X

Maggie could see that something was bothering her son.  So after they left the stables, she led him to a sitting room that reeked with history.  She poured a couple of drinks for the both of them, and sat down across from her son. She took a long drink waiting for him to begin. When Gavin didn’t say a word, just fiddled with his glass, Maggie took over. “What is ailing you son?  You are not the jovial son I parted a few months ago.”

“Aww nothing Mom, you have enough to worry about.  Just some personal things that I have to straighten out.”

With a smile, Maggie knew what it was immediately, “You are having woman problems again.”

Gavin laughed at that, “I wish it were that simple.”

Maggie took another drink and looked her son.  She looked at his furrowed brow, and his slumped shoulder posture.  She watched his attitude and the fight with in himself.  Not even the toughest business decisions caused this type of worry on her beautiful son’s face.

Then it finally dawned on her, her dream had come true!  Gavin was in love.  A smile spread across her elegant face and she walked over to Gavin.  She sat on the foot stool next to his outstretched long legs.  She took his tanned, long fingered, graceful hand into her older, and more wrinkled one.

Gavin looked up at his mother with such adoration that her heart burst with pride at having such a wonderful son.

“Gavin, you are in love.  Who is she? I want you to tell me all about her.”

Gavin never could understand how his mother knew such things. He sighed and began, “She is unlike any other woman I have ever known.  In many ways she is like you, and I wonder if she had the luck and love that you have, if she wouldn’t be another you.”

Maggie looked at her son, her eyes deep with worry, “You can’t replace me with another woman, thinking she will love you and treat you as I do.”

“Oh, Mom, please.  I am old enough to know that. The more I think about her, the more I realized that she is like you in spirit.  That is something I found out after the fact.  She isn’t gorgeous, but she has unrefined beauty surrounding her.  She doesn’t have a model’s body, but I do not think she would look sexy that skinny.  She is intelligent and hard working. Her heart is in everything she does. She would give you the shirt off her back if you needed it. She takes harassment and doesn’t think twice about it. She would never intentionally hurt anyone’s feelings. She lives her life for her family.”

“So what is your worry son, ask her to marry you.  You know that I have always told you that looks aren’t everything.  Just because you are blessed with the beauty of the family, doesn’t mean that everyone else will be so.”

Gavin looked at his mother. Sometimes, she still treated him like he was a child.  He was well aware of the fact that looks weren’t everything.  He had just never had to worry about ugly women because he was, well, an Armstrong. “Mother please give me some credit.  Not all I have dated were as beautiful as you.”

Maggie blushed.  Her son was no different than his father.  He could charm a snake into giving up its skin. “So what is it about her that you are not telling me.  Why do you not run to her now?”

Gavin didn’t know where to start. “She has a sharp tongue on her.” He began awkwardly. “She is from a less than noble background.  Her family has money, but she refuses to use it and lives in a semi poverty state.”

“I haven’t heard anything yet that is worth hearing son.  All I have heard is that she is a hard worker, doesn’t want things handed to her on a silver platter.  Lord only knows a couple of your brothers could use a bit of that attitude. Oh, and that she doesn’t look at that beautiful face of yours and cowtails to whatever you say.”

Gavin sighed. “That isn’t the worse of it.  She is a single mom with three children.”  Gavin was nervous at this point.  Divorce was something that his family didn’t encourage and for the most part wouldn’t allow.  You were to work out your problems.

The last comment caught Maggie off guard some, “What are the reasons for her divorce.  Am I too insensitive to ask how many divorces and how many children with each man?”

Gavin stood up and ran his long fingers through his hair. “Mom, please, she isn’t a, well, she isn’t a woman of loose morals.”  Gavin grinned, “Try as I might, all was to no avail.”

“Oh Gavin must you go around trying to bed all the women in the world.” Maggie inquired half heartedly.  The sparkle in her eyes told Gavin all he needed to know.

“Please, you are too rough on my manliness.”  They laughed together.

“She was married once, to a real jerk, from what I understand, and all three children are his.”

“Why did they divorce?”

“I am not sure, other than the fact, that he is a jerk.  She really doesn’t talk much about him, but to curse him under her breath when she doesn’t think anyone is listening.”

“What is her name?”  Maggie was ready for some American name.  Something modern, something hip.  Moonbaby, perhaps?

“Bronwyn Lee Traversham.”

Maggie’s head snapped up. “Bronwyn?  That is an old Wales name.  Very old. She must have class in her background.  It isn’t a popular name, unless you liked old names.  

“Gavin, this woman.  Does she love you?  Does she truly know who you are?  How do you know she isn’t just trying to get to the money so she doesn’t have to work that hard anymore?  How do you know her family has money?”

Gavin returned to the center of the room from where he stood staring at the painting of his namesake, Gavin Armstrong, Earl from the 1500s. He saw a striking resemblance between the two of them. The stern posture and face of seriousness. Gavin took the weight of the world on his shoulders as did his first namesake.  As he turned he saw his other namesake Rowen Armstrong.  Rowen had a more sensual look about him.  He was noted for being a womanizer, until he found the woman he loved.  Gavin Rowen Armstrong was a mixture of the two men.  He loved his women, but had a seriousness about him that made him constantly worry about his family and estates.  Both of the knights pictured had Gavin’s black hair and grey, piercing eyes.  There was no doubt as to the heritage of the current Gavin. He was from both ends of the Gavin and Rowen strains, his father was a direct descendant from Rowen and his mother was a direct descendant from Gavin and his beautiful wife, Orlantha.  In many ways his mother looked like the old Gavin’s wife.

Gavin lay upon the couch and stretched his long legs out, “I know she has feelings for she wears her being in her eyes.  She has inferred to me as a rich, stuffed shirt before, so I have a feeling she knows some, but probably not all.  She says her family has money and I had some research done and they do.  Not like us, but they hold their own.  They own some American land holdings as well as a few oil wells.  Nothing big, but enough to be comfortable.  As far as Ronnee and why she has anything to do with me?  I am not sure, other than the obvious.”  Gavin cracked a grin.

Maggie rolled her eyes at her son. “I would be wary.  Why don’t you come with us on vacation?  We are going to Disney World in Florida and then to a beach somewhere.  I can’t remember, Daytona, Cocoa, Pensacola, Panama, not sure which one.  But your brothers are going to be there with their wives and children and I believe your sister is going to take a leave from college for this one as well.  You know your father loves these family outings and has spared very little expense.  We leave on the morrow to fly back to Washington State, where we will all gather and fly to Orlando.  Please come, Gavin, we would love for you to come.”

A bit perturbed at not being told earlier, “I will see Mom, why the late notice?” Gavin sat back into the over large chair.

“You haven’t gone with us in several years.  I just wasn’t sure if you would be interested in this one either.  I am truly sorry.  You know you are always welcome.”  Maggie rose from the comfy chair she resided in and walked over to Gavin, “Even your baby brother is coming this time.”  She kissed him on the forehead, “Please come son, please.  It will be a great break for you and, I know, don’t say it, you have a lot of business to tend to.  But I feel like it can wait whereas family cannot.”

Maggie kissed Gavin one more time on the top of his head and walked out of the sitting room, leaving him there to think.

***

Ronnee worked overtime that week to make up for the lost pay she was going to miss from her vacation.  When Friday finally rolled around, she was ready for vacation and had mostly put Gavin out of her mind.  The kids were excited and their excitement passed on to her.

She called Steve to make sure that he had everything and didn’t need any last minute Wal-Mart runs.  She was ordering the kids about, getting everything organized by the front door when Steve pulled in the drive way in the rented van.

Shauna jumped out of the van and ran into the house, chatting excitedly with Amanda.  She was more excited about being in the World Series than she was about anything else.  Steve walked in behind her.

“Hey, you about ready?” He asked as he kissed Ronnee on the forehead.  

“Yes just about. I am just double checking everything to make sure that we are not missing anything.  You know how expensive everything is down there. I packed a cooler with some drinks and snack foods so that we can save money on the way down there and back.”  Ronnee insisted on dividing everything equally.  The only thing she didn’t divide was the van rental.

With the luggage loaded, kids buckled up and Ronnee in the passenger captain’s seat, Steve cranked the van and off they went.

CHAPTER XI

After twelve long hours of driving, stopping to eat, and, of course with four children, many potty breaks, Ronnee and Steve finally pulled into the driveway of the condo they rented.  Steve looked at Ronnee and wished she would open up some to him.  For some reason, she seemed to have tensed even more through the drive.  Something was truly bothering her and Steve couldn’t help but to wonder if it was him, or another man.

Ronnee sighed and stretched as she exited the van.  The air was beginning to warm up as they unpacked the van.  Steve had taken the liberty to have someone meet them at the condo so they wouldn’t have to drive to the main office to register.  The manager was waiting with the door open, air on and the condo ready.  He helped them unload, wake the kids and move everything and everyone inside.

Ronnee turned back to see if there was anything else to do and watched Steve slip the manager a $10.00 tip. She approached him to ask if he didn’t think that wasn’t a bit flamboyant for a tip, when Steve met her at the door.  He grabbed her hand and pulled her outside shutting the door behind them. He led her to the back side of the van where they had some privacy.

“Before you say anything,” Steve started, his finger over Ronnee’s lips to quiet her, “I want you to have fun, enjoy yourself.  I want you to relax and not worry about anything.  The kids will be fine and you will feel better. Ah, ah…” Steve began as Ronnee started to move her lips under his finger, “I told you to let me have my say.  I am not sure what is bothering you. I pray it isn’t me.  I am not going to expect anything from you for this week.  You are so desperate for whatever it is that you are looking for, that you are going to ruin everyone else’s vacation as well. So relax. I will not accost you, unless you want me too,” Steve emphasized this last remark with a wiggle of his brows. “Please put what ever it is out of your mind and relax.  Jesus girl, you are going to die young if you don’t stop.  And that will be a shame.”

Ronnee’s eyes threatened to pool with tears.  Her lip quivered beneath Steve’s finger. He was so kind and caring.  She wasn’t going to ruin his time or the kids’ either. “I am sorry. I have been under a tremendous amount of stress.”  Ronnee looked up with her big blue eyes, widening with tears.  She tried to regain some sort of self composure but to no prevail.

Steve looked at her full quivering lips.  Her big blue eyes looked at him with something in them he couldn’t describe.  The entire “woman in distress” thing turned him on immensely and before he knew it he was leaning in to kiss those desirable lips.

Ronnee saw the look on his face and understood what it meant.  She closed her eyes and waited for his lips to touch hers. She was really going to try this time. As his lips touched hers, he pushed her back against the van, one arm on each side of her head.  Ronnee was shocked at his roughness, but in a way it excited her, making her tingle inside.  Maybe after all Gavin didn’t hold the market on control over her body. Ronnee reached up and grabbed his arms and rubbed the muscles that strained beneath the blond hairs.

Steve reached with a hand and grabbed the side of her face turning it so that he could kiss her even deeper.  It had been a long time for Ronnee and the excitement was about too much for her to handle.  She returned every bit of his kiss, letting her hands wander to his back.  She ran her hands up his arms to his shoulders and over his back.  They wandered to the bottom of his shirt, where she raised the shirt and touched his warm skin.  Steve held her tighter as kissed her deeply, his tongue probing hers.  He reached down and grabbed her rear pushing her hips against his.  He was aroused at this point and he let her know it.  Steve had pulled back and watched her. He wanted to see her face, her reactions towards him. He saw her desire in her lit, blushed face. He grabbed her hair and kissed her roughly as he meld their bodies together.

Steve pulled back slowly, taking a deep breath.  He had never felt this type of passion from her and it scared him a bit. “When you make up your mind, please let me know.  But as I said, I am not requiring anything from you, but friendship.  Plutonic friendship.” He added emphasis to the last words.

Dazed, hurt and confused by his actions and embarrassed by her own.  Ronnee tried to gather strength to stand, but she fell back against the van.  The emotional stress had emptied her of any muscle.  She experienced the neither fireworks nor the total body tingle that happened with Gavin, but she truly desired Steve. Was she acting the whore?  Her actions were far from ladylike, that she was sure.

Steve, seeing her emotions, mixed and confused as they were, in her eyes, walked back to her, “Hellfire and damnation woman.  What you do to me is indescribable.  I can feel your body wanting me. But I cannot feel your heart, and to me that is more important.  Whoever has that is very lucky.” Steve chuckled some, “I am a grown man, I can handle it.  But it doesn’t seem like you can.”  Merriment sparkled in his eyes as he helped her stand and gain strength in her legs.

Ronnee leaned over and hugged him, “You are too good to me and I do not want to hurt you.”

“Why don’t you let me handle that and decide whether or not I can, or want to be hurt. I am a grown man, quit trying to protect me.”  

Ronnee gathered her strength and walked with him back towards the condo.  She took her gear, laid it on the bed and began to unpack.  Amanda had already unpacked and had her bathing suit on.  Shauna, Steve’s daughter, was sleeping in here with them as well.  Shauna and Amanda had always enjoyed each other’s company.

After seeing that the boys had their clothing unpacked, Ronnee took out to the beachside pool.  “This is just too much Steve, you really spent way too much. I am not sure if I can meet half.”

Steve walked up behind her and patted her soft round behind, “I never asked, you volunteered.”

Steve jumped in the pool followed by all the children. “You coming in?” He asked as he swam to the edge.

“Naa, no one wants to see a beached whale. I have to get some things straightened in the condo and get the kitchen ready. Make a grocery list, too.”  With a look of longing at the pool, Ronnee turned and went inside.
***
Gavin decided it would be good to be with his family again, so he agreed to go on the vacation and Maggie booked another seat on the flight for him.

Fifteen hours later they landed in Washington State and the family limousine was waiting out front.   Gavin climbed in, not worrying about his cap cases. It was nice not to have to worry about anything as he did when he was alone.  His baggage would mysteriously appear in his room unpacked before he would ever need it.

Maggie and his father, James talked constantly about the trip.  They were like kids, Gavin surmised. He loved being back with the family and didn’t realize how much he missed them.  As the car turned into the tree lined driveway that ran a path to the great old manor house, Gavin reminisced about his childhood.  He thought of the days playing in these trees, running horses along this drive.  He turned to the left and saw a small broodmare band.  They were his mother’s pride and joy. James, Gavin’s father spoke to him, but Gavin was so lost in thought he did not hear him.

“Son, are you there?” He queried amusingly.

“I am sorry Father. I was remembering my great childhood.  You know I never did thank you guys for such a wonderful job you did as parents.”  Gavin looked at his father.  Take away Gavin’s grey eyes and replace them with a cornflower blue and you have his father.  Gavin was a bit taller, but his father’s features were sharper.  There was no mistaking the Armstrong blood in him.  The thick black hair was a contrast to his wife’s reddish-blonde.  He watched as his Dad looked lovingly at his wife.  Amazing, he thought to himself, after 45 years of marriage they are still in love.  As Gavin looked, he noticed some streaking grey in his father’s hair.

“My, you are getting old Dad.  I see some grey.”  His eyes twinkled in merriment.

“I was trying to let your mother catch up to me, but alas, I am tired and ready to age.”  Jamie looked down at Maggie and kissed her soundly. “I will never tire of your beauty, my dear.” 

Maggie laughed, “You do not have to charm me anymore, my love. I love you, always have and always will.”  She leaned over and kissed her husband again.

Seeing this great love between his parents haunted Gavin greatly.  He has realized over the last few days that he wanted something and now, after watching his parents together, he knew what it was.  He wanted a relationship that will stand the tests of time, like theirs did.

Margaret and James did not have an easy meeting or early marriage, however, they learned to stick together through thick and thin and are invariably inseparable now.  Gavin remembered a few rousing fights in which his mother really stood her ground.  He remembered his father’s loud voice thundering through the house. He remembered times when each of them was wrong.  But what he remembered most was that neither one of them ever threw past mistakes at each other; including the time that his father had a brief affair.  Once she had forgiven him, his mother never returned to the past again.

Gavin also remembered there being times where they were fussing and his father would pick up his mother and take her upstairs, not to be seen again for several hours.  As a child he wondered what happened, and at times was scared for his mother, for she was slight compared to his father’s large build.  It wasn’t until he was older that he realized what they were doing upstairs.  Many times he saw his father silence his mother by kissing her.  

Gavin smiled.  A memory of something just came to mind.  He has often wondered where he picked up the urge to spank Ronnee that night, and now he remembered.  One time, when he was little, his mother was having a loud argument with his father.  His father was dead to right in this one, however, she was not going to back down.  Gavin remembers being about eights years of age, with his older brother, Stephen, who would have been about nine for they were only eleven months apart, and a newborn brother, Paul.  He remembered that for awhile his mother was rather quite spoiled and there were many arguments when it came to money.  A smile widened across Gavin’s face as he remembered after this particularly heated argument, his father grabbed his mother and pulled her across his lap and gave her several hard licks. Each one was emphasized with a reason.  None were hard enough to hurt her with anything but a bit of a sting.  However, they each made his point.  He was the man of the house, his decision was final and she was going to stop acting like a spoiled brat.

Gavin didn’t understand how or why their relationship was the way it was until now.  Gavin always knew that his parents had a great relationship that many were jealous of.  Even during the affair, his mother’s faith and love in his father never wavered.  His father made a grave, horrid mistake and he knew it.  Maggie was one not to lose out on an opportunity and made him sleep downstairs in the guest room for a month.  Jamie had to court her again.  His father had to prove to her that he was truly sorry, he would never do it again and by the time that month was up, he was on his hands and knees.  Gavin thought, as a young man at that time, that what his father did was just what men did.  In the group of people they lived with it was common to have mistresses.  What Gavin didn’t know at that time was the fact that his father knew it was wrong, begged for forgiveness and has not once ever even dared to venture into that realm again.

One day Jamie gathered his sons and his daughter to explain that he was in err and how he wronged their mother and he asked for their forgiveness.  Of course there wasn’t any doubt about the gift of forgiveness, but at that time Gavin thought his father was controlled by his mother. Now Gavin is older, he realized that his father learned that constant control is not what made a marriage.  Working together as one, knowing when to admit defeat or failure and the true unending, unbinding love is what is needed. It took Gavin 43 years to learn that valuable lesson. Somewhere inside Gavin knew he was ready for the major, life altering undertaking of marriage.

Gavin turned and looked at his father.  In his eyes, his father grew bigger and grander.  

“Gavin, honey, are you going to get out, or just sit there?”  His mother asked him with raised eyebrows.

“Son, get out and help with your mother’s things.” Jamie interjected.

Gavin smiled.  He loved his family greatly and wanted one of his own just like it. He wanted the spike tongued wife to keep him in line and challenge him so that he has to think things through.  He wants the closeness, the love and the happiness that he saw growing up. He wanted someone to hold, someone to grow old with.  He wanted his children to look at him like he does at his parents.

Children, he thought.  Isn’t it a bit too late?  Gavin grimaced as he remembered that he is in his early forties. He had been so busy traveling and working that time flew by.  Until recently he hadn’t even thought about having children. Bronwyn had children.  They were not his flesh and blood but his parents wouldn’t ever deny them.  Gavin pondered the thought, would Ronnee want to have more children?  This was something he would have to explore further.  Gavin smiled at the thought of them working and working and working some more on conceiving a dozen or so children.

Gavin walked to the steps and tripped. He didn’t remember leaving the car with the cap cases in his hands, he didn’t even realize that he was at the steps, thus when his toe hit, it pitched him forward.  Gavin hit the steps hard, dropping his mother’s bags and banging his knee rather hard.  Upon hearing the commotion, Maggie and Jamie ran out to see what the noise was.

“Gavin are you ok?” His mother asked with concern.

“Yes, I am fine.  I am not hurt, unless you count my pride.”  He flashed that boyish grin that made his mother cry with relief.

Jamie bent over and offered Gavin a hand, “Your mother will have the staff bring the suitcases in. Let me help you.”

Gavin reached up and grabbed his father’s hand.  Not so unlike his own, Gavin pondered all that these hands have done.  They have spanked children, yet held them when they were in pain and they have nailed boards and dismantled block walls.  Those hands have held him when he cried and helped to deliver a newborn colt.  Those hands had loved his mother and once in the past had hurt her.  They were still strong, but a few wrinkles now etched the skin. Gavin tried to stand, but he must have hit his knee harder than he thought for it buckled out from under him.

“Son, stop trying to be macho and let me help you in.”  Jamie smiled and grabbed Gavin by the arm and pulled him up to lean against him.  He put his arm around Gavin’s torso and helped him to the living room. “Would you like a doctor?”

“Naa, Dad. I am fine.  Just banged my knee.”

“Well, you know those marble steps can be hell on a person’s legs.”  With a twinkle in his eye he added, “So who is this woman who has your attention so completely that you are falling about my house like a toddler?”

Awkwardness filled Gavin as he stammered to say something. “It is just someone I met.  I am sure it is nothing.  I was just thinking and remembering.”

“Your mother has already enlightened me with some details.  I told her that you would do what was right and if you fell for someone in her situation that you would do right by her.  You are a man Rowen, no longer a boy.  Even though you have been a man for years, you are just now realizing it and wanting what all men want.”

Gavin looked at his dad as he sat down on the coffee table next to the injured knee and asked “What is that, pray tell?”

“A family.”  Jamie said simply, as if it was a well known fact.  

Gavin smiled.  His father was right, as usual.  He grimaced as his father moved his knee. “Dad, I am fine.  Would you leave me to think?”

“The vet is here and I am going to have him take a look at your knee, just to make sure. I will be right back.” Jamie said as he took his leave.

Gavin sighed and laid his head back. He was tired.  All this thinking was making him sleepy.  As soon as he closed his eyes, the couch started bouncing with the weight of several adolescents.

“Uncle Gavin, Uncle Gavin!!!”  His nephew and nieces were hollering and bouncing around him.  With a grunt, Gavin grabbed one brat as the boy ran into his knee.

Gavin wrapped his arms about as many of the four bouncing children as he could, “How have you guys been?”  He worked on giving each and every one of them kisses. “Hey Elizabeth. Ouch! William kindly remove your elbow out of my stomach.  OK OK!! I give.  Let me rest and we will go out and play later.  Let Uncle Gavin rest. He is getting old.” Gavin exclaimed with a sigh.

Roger, the ever foreboding serious teen, sat down next to Gavin and asked, “Uncle Gavin, when are you going to grow up and marry? Dad says…”

“Aww there you are Roger.”  Stephen Rowen Armstrong walked in and grabbed his son just in time to keep him from saying something he shouldn’t again.  “Go upstairs with your mother.  I am afraid that the baby is giving her some problems and she needs some help.”  The always obeying son nodded in seriousness to his father and ran upstairs.

“Does that boy ever play?  Ever enjoy anything?  Is he always so serious?  It is like he has a world of worries about him.”  Gavin watched the boy he loved so much walk away.  Roger is now 19 years old and never was any younger it seemed.

“Enough about my son, what is this I hear about you damaging our marble front steps?”  Stephen wiggled his eyebrows.

Gavin took a swing at Stephen in jest and as he moved to the side hit his sore knee on the coffee table, “Son of a …”

Maggie entered with the vet in tow, “I will not have that filthy language in my house with so many children around.  Gavin you know better.” She scolded before continuing. “Gavin this is Dr. Scoggins.  I know he is a vet, but he volunteered to look and see if he thought you needed to go to the doctor.”

“Mom, I am not a child anymore.  I am fine.  I am just going to be sore. It hurts like h…bad, but I am a man and can handle it.”

Stephen laughed at Gavin’s comment.  Gavin made a lean for a pillow to throw, but his knee hit the coffee table again, “Damn Mom, why is this coffee table so close?”

“Excuse me, son. It is not my fault my sons are such great horses and take up so much room.  You cannot even dream of the pain I went through to bear such boar of men.”

Stephen groaned, “Ok Mom, enough.  Let Dr. Scoggins check on my brother, so that I may be sure he is ok for more ribbing.”  Stephen’s blue eyes sparkled with the future comments he was inventing as he watched his younger brother suffer.  Gavin caught the look in Stephen’s eye and relished their next battle. He was glad his brother was back to his former self because for years Stephen didn’t even crack a smile.

Stephen’s infamous humor was absent for what seemed like many years due to a tragedy he suffered. Stephen’s oldest child, who was just a babe, died in a auto mobile wreck with his first wife.  After several years of pining away, he was finally swept off his feet by a woman that was more than worthy to be his wife.  Since then she has bore him four healthy children with another on the way. Stephen, being the first born, is the son that will inherit the majority of the earldoms, baronecities, and the dukedom that their father still holds.  Gavin was fine with that. He still had a few that would be passed to him, or he already held. To him, it was just a title that truly didn’t mean anything.

Stephen preferred to live here and command the United Kingdom assets, while Gavin worked the American side of things.  The younger brothers had fewer responsibilities but they were gradually taking over more and more of the Armstrong Empire.  Their family was a large one due to the fact that the men were so fertile and seemed to find such wonderful woman.  Every once-in-awhile, one goes without passing his gene, or dies.  Or as in Stephen’s situation, loses all.  As large as the family is, it seems to have its own check and balances within.  Some go bad and are disinherited or banned.  The family is strict on its behavior rules and policies.  At times that is smothering, but it has kept the family strong and alive for generations.

Dr. Scoggins took a few moments to check Gavin’s knee and came up with the same diagnosis as Gavin.  He was bruised and sore but nothing serious.  “Stay in bed and ice it today, you will be ready to go on vacation tomorrow.”  With a pat on Gavin’s head, Dr. Scoggins gave Maggie his arm as they went outside to settle his bill for the day.

Stephen walked over and patted Gavin’s head as well, “Damn you, I will get you for that.”

Gavin stood and Stephen laughed at him, “You may be able to stand, but you can’t run.  Seriously brother, let me help get you upstairs.  I will get that pretty little maid to help you bathe and bring you food.”

Gavin accepted Stephen’s strong shoulders.  Even though they were not quite a year a part, Stephen had not stayed in the same shape as his brother.  Stephen had blondish hair and blue eyes sharply contrasted his dark skin and Armstrong features.  He had their father’s height and build, but didn’t work out to the frenzied pace that Gavin did.

After they moved him upstairs and into bed, Stephen buzzed the kitchen to send up dinner for Gavin. “I will send that new little maid to help you bathe little brother.”

“Don’t bother,” he laughed, “I can bathe myself and I think a nice long Jacuzzi bath would feel great.  If you do not mind, please start the tub for me while I work on these clothes.”

Stephen rolled his eyes with exaggeration, “Having me do woman’s work, geesh.”  The laughter in his eyes belied his attitude. This time Gavin had a pillow at arm’s reach and tossed it across the room and hit his brother in the back of the head.

Stephen turned, “You will pay for that little brother.” Stephen walked to the door and opened it, “Roger, Elizabeth, J.J. and William, come here your Uncle Gavin wants to read you a story from one of his medieval books.  With a smug look, Stephen let the kids in and they were on the bed surrounding Gavin within moments.

“Thank you brother.  Now please see to my bath.  Well, give me thirty minutes to read to these youngsters then please have someone start it.”  Gavin’s eyes darkened with thoughts of revenge on his eldest brother.

Stephen laughed a hearty chortle, “Sure Rowen, I will send up that pretty maid in thirty minutes.” One look of Gavin’s eyes sent Stephen into a fit of delight as he left the room.

Gavin turned to the four children that were now surrounding him, “Roger, please go over there and retrieve my satchel.  I have a new book I want to read to you.”

With the anticipation the three remaining children gathered about Gavin. Elizabeth always sat at the head of the bed and let Gavin lean against her so she could play with his hair.  She was such a quiet child and seemed to be always so deep in thought.  She had a relaxing nature about her that could make any crying baby sleep. The two younger boys gathered at Gavin’s feet, careful not to hit his sore leg and when Roger returned he took his customary place at Gavin’s right side.  The once overly large king sized bed was now completely filled with Stephen’s large sons and one dainty daughter and in the middle, one loving and kind Uncle Gavin.

CHAPTER XII

Steve watched Bronwyn carefully during the next few days.  As the days drew out, she became more and more cheerful and less withdrawn.  It seemed like she was coming back out of her shell.  The ball tournament took almost all day for the first seven days. After which they finally lost their second game and were out of the World Series Tournament.    

They had the rest of the time to swim, play, eat and do whatever else came to mind.  Of course Disney World was at the top of the list, but they settled instead on a one day trip to Wet-n-Wild.  They also wanted visited to a several smaller parks, but there just wasn’t enough time to go everywhere.

Late that night, or perhaps even early the next morning before dawn, Steve heard some splashing out in the pool. He looked out the window to check, not wanting anyone in the pool that wasn’t supposed to be.  He watched the moonlight dancing off the moving water and saw Ronnee swimming.  She would swim under water for a bit then come up and wade.  Then she would slide over the small water fall back into the Jacuzzi where she had a glass of something waiting and sit, drinking rapidly the contents of the glass.

Ronnee was very upset with herself.  She didn’t know what to do.  She couldn’t sleep so she slipped into her bathing suit and robe and went out side to swim.  On the way through the kitchen she spotted the bottle of Crown Royal hiding in the cupboard.  On a second thought, she grabbed a glass and filled it half way up with Crown and the rest with coke and ice.

She took a quick sip and it was strong, but she could handle it.  She wanted to sleep and quit thinking.  

She silently slipped passed Steve. She stopped and looked at him and wondered why he hadn’t so much as looked at her lately.  Were her actions so brazen that he was disgusted by her? He wasn’t gorgeous to Gavin’s standards, but he wasn’t ugly either.  A person could easily call him handsome.  With a silent sigh, she stepped out the sliding glass door to the porch and across to the Jacuzzi.  The stars were out and the moon shone brightly.  It was a beautiful night. Ronnee slipped out of the robe and lowered herself into the hot water.  After few quick drinks, she settled down for a bit.  She hummed softly to herself.  She imagined Gavin’s hands on her body.  Gavin was all she could think about.  She had a perfectly good man in there, that respected her and she could be comfortable with.  Gavin was, or could have been just a fun fling; as she was sure she was to him.

The hotness of the water and the alcohol were going to her head, so she drank more of the drink and finally downed it in three more gulps.  After about thirty minutes in the Jacuzzi, she knew she was drunk.

“Oh my gosh, what am I doing?” she giggled to herself.  It felt good to be free.  She wasn’t thinking of anything anymore, she was just happy and carefree.  She left the tub and went back in for another refill.  She didn’t even notice that she left wet foot prints on the tile.

Ronnee was back outside and in the big pool when Steve woke from the noise.  He was watching her as she sat in the Jacuzzi and downed the drink awful fast.  Oh, lord, he thought, she is drunk.  He thought momentarily about the children and then realized they were all too tired from the day’s activities to awaken too easily.

He donned his swim trunks and grabbed a glass of the rum and coke mix and headed out to the Jacuzzi.  

Steve climbed in beside Ronnee and kissed her on the shoulder.

“Ronnee, you really think you ought to drink this much?” He looked harder and realized that she had taken off her bathing suit and was now nude.

Ronnee looked over at Steve. Now here was her real knight in shining armor.  He was real, Gavin was a dream. Better to have real than a dream, she drifted about with her thoughts.

“Hey, Stevey. Naa, I’ms fine. Feel relaxed.  Very nice.”

Steve took a heavy long drink.  She must really be drunk because she never called him Stevey before and she is laying there naked like it is nothing.  He looked hard at her. She was stunning with the sweat running down her face and neck to her full chest.  He ran his tongue about his lips.  He quickly downed the remaining mixed drink and leaned over to nibble on her ear.

Ronnee was lying back with her head against the edge of the Jacuzzi.  She was aware of someone nibbling on her ear, “So very nice.” She slurred.

She turned her head to face Steve, all inhibitions were no longer relevant.  She saw a man whom she had known for years hitting on her.  In her dreary thoughts she wondered, what was wrong with her…go for it.

Ronnee turned over and put her arms about his neck.  She leaned up and gave Steve her neck.  She could feel his lips trailing down to her cleavage.  For a fleeting moment a thought of the quickness of their passion danced about in her head, but the moment was just that…fleeting.

Steve lifted his lead and looked at Ronnee.  His eyes were dark with lust.  Ronnee parted her lips and Steve needed no other invitation.

He picked up Ronnee and put her on his lap.   He had slipped off his shorts and his staff was hard and ready.  Ronnee gasped as he entered her. The desire built up inside of her from years of neglect made her thoughts only of one thing.  There was something else, but she just couldn’t remember.  It wasn’t important, she figured, because if it was, she would have remembered.

Steve started the rhythm and Ronnee followed suit.  Using her knees she raised and lowered herself on his staff as he instructed her.  The water had a drying effect, but not enough to override the alcohol and lust that was between them.  

Ronnee moved her arms about his neck and started to nip at his earlobes. “Oh, God, Ronnee if you don’t stop that, I won’t be able to last long.” Steve moaned softly to her.

Ronnee smiled devilishly. She sucked and nipped all over his neck and ears.  Down around his jaw line to the other side.  She trailed her tongue everywhere she went.  She was dizzy as she felt the build up deep inside her.  She was in the process of sucking on Steve’s earlobe when she felt she could contain no longer, “Oh, my. Oh, my.” Steve knew this was it.  He lifted and kneaded her buttocks, bringing her down harder upon his thrusts.  He felt the sensation and knew it was over for him as well.  With two hard thrusts he released deep inside as Ronnee released her built up passion as well.  Ronnee kept slowly moving as they both winded down from their release.  Steve was sweating hard now.  He was nibbling and sucking on her neck and ears as he waited for his breathing to slow.

When she lifted her head, she in one way didn’t expect to see the person she saw, but in another, she did.  She shook her confused head. Steve grasped both sides of her head, “That was wonderful.” He let a sly smile come across his face. “You were worth every day I waited.”

Somehow Ronnee thought she should be pleased with this, but her befuddled brain was trying to remember something important.

Steve leaned over and grabbed the rest of Ronnee’s drink and downed it, “Damn girl, no wonder you are drunk.  It isn’t supposed to be a 50/50 mix.”

She looked at him and then started laughing. She slipped over the Jacuzzi ledge and into the pool within the small water fall that went from former to latter.  She was wading when she saw Steve slide in next to her.  His staff had grown hard again.  He took her to the steps and laid her back across them.  He suckled and nuzzled her breasts and trailed his tongue down her stomach.  He moved back to her breasts and suckled, kneading one while he played tunes on the other with his tongue.  Ronnee was so drunk that she was completely relaxed and entirely at his whim.  Steve wasn’t so blasé that he thought she wasn’t, but he knew somewhere in his distracted mind that this wasn’t right and that he was taking advantage of her.  Ronnee sat up and ran her hands down his chest to his manhood and he gasped as she grabbed a hold of it.  She was running her fingers up and down the shaft and then along the tip when Steve lost control.  He pushed her back and entered her hard.  Ronnee gasped at the roughness. She lay back against the steps as he supported her hips while he thrust hard.  Ronnee was too tired to fully respond, but she could feel her betraying body growing warmer and warmer as the feelings aroused deep inside.  Before she could release, Steve was finished.  His was head back as he fought the loud moan that threatened to escape his lips for he didn’t want to wake anyone. 

As Steve’s shudder finished he slowly lowered her back into the water.  He had never in his life, taken someone so roughly as he had just then.  He looked at her and confusion was rampant on his face.  He shook his head to clear it.  Damn the drink.  As he sobered up to the situation, he realized that he pushed his luck too far.  She had teased him and wanted him, he surmised, but he knew it didn’t change the fact.

He pulled her down to him and slowly carried her through the water to the deep end where the Jacuzzi was.  He helped her back into the Jacuzzi and fixed her another small drink. Steve didn’t like what he had done. It felt damned good, but that wasn’t an excuse. For all her size and strength, Ronnee was more vulnerable than most females because of her past.  He felt her snuggle against him.  At least, he thought, she still trusted him.  Hopefully he could still salvage what they had.  By the way, he thought to himself, just what did they have?  Long time friendship, drink and rough sex…does that constitute a relationship?  Or was the drink just too much?  Steve closed his eyes and began to hate himself for taking advantage of her like this. He knew, for better or worse, their friendship would be changed forever.  

CHAPTER XIII

Gavin woke early the next morning.  The rest of his brothers had arrived.  He heard such a commotion that would awaken the dead.  He slowly lowered his legs over the side of the bed.  His knee was much better; bruised and sore, but better.  He stood up gingerly and stretched.  He no sooner left the bathroom from his morning visit when the door burst open with his two other brothers. Paul was the first to see him and walked over and gave him a big hug.

“How is my older brother?” he said with a smirk.  Paul was only 34 but his looks and sometimes behavior belied that.  He was the only one in the family to have a few grey hairs intermingled with the black, next to their father that is.  Paul always said it was because his brothers drove him mad when he was growing up.  There was such a large age difference between brother two and brother three, that major harassment ensued regularly.  Practical jokes thrived between them, including some dangerous ones such as cutting girth straps on saddles.  Paul was amazed that he even survived his child hood with such evil older brothers.

Henry was next in line.  He was just 18 and the spitting image of Gavin.    He was a doll that most women fell over themselves to meet.  His build was slighter than his brothers, but that was his choice. It only took one beating give by Henry to the local bully who called him a “fag” to tell all that he was not weak; he just didn’t feel the need to be quite as bulked.  He had long dark eyelashes and his sparkling blue eyes depicted a gentle soul deep inside.  Even though the girls fell over themselves at his angelic looks, he was never a womanizer. He was always ‘the best friend’ to girls.  His father told him several times he was like his grandfather, Christopher Rowen Armstrong.  Christopher was famous for his looks and lack of interest in women, until that is, he found his true love.

With less gusto than his brother Stephen, Henry hugged his older brother.  For all his looks, Henry was a bit withdrawn.  He looked out for the little guy more than his brothers and therefore had seen more of the seedier side of life, which gave him a harder outlook.  While he enjoyed his family riches, he tended not to want to live in them.  

“Little brother, you look well.  The girls still chasing you around?  Anyone catch you yet?”  Gavin gave his little brother a rub on the top of his head.  Henry, who didn’t care about his hair, roughed Gavin’s up a bit too.

“Na, I thought I would be like you and never marry. Never have kids. Never have responsibilities and most importantly, NEVER grow up.”  Henry flashed one of his famous smiles. Gavin laughed.

“Ok, you guys leave and let me dress, the limo leaves soon for the airport.”

Stephen showed up about then and peeked his head in through the door. “We have something for our invalid ‘old’ brother.”  Gavin cocked his head at this, especially since Stephen was older.

Stephen pushed an ancient wheelchair into the room.  It was one of those old wooden ones from back in the 1800s.  Gavin looked at the chair for a moment for that is how long it took for the joke to register.  

“I will show you who is old, older brother.” Gavin took off out the door after Stephen, who pushed the wheel chair in his way.

“To help you catch me!” He laughed as he downed the steps two at a time.  

Gavin tried to clear the wheel chair but ended up banging the bruised knee, “Son of a…”  Gavin hobbled back to his room, only to find his other brothers in a fit of laughter.

Two hours later the family was loaded up into the limousines.  The family had grown to such a size that it took two stretch limousines to carry every one and another one just for the luggage.  Gavin saw, much to his annoyance, the practical jokes hadn’t stopped yet for there was a sign taped to the window by his head that said, “Crippled old man on board”.  With one quick tear, it was down and thrown across the car at Stephen.

“Hey, I didn’t do that.  I think it was Paul.”  Stephen laughed.

Stephen, his wife and kids, Henry and Gavin rode in one limo, whereas Paul, his wife and kids, Maggie and Jamie rode in another.  The laughter was great, the ride was smooth and before long they were at the airport.

Claire Armstrong saw her brothers exiting the limos.  She shook her lengthy brunette locks and batted her long black eyelashes at them. She was supposed to be in Connecticut for her first year of college at Yale University, but was taking the family vacation with them.  She drove over with a friend that also lived in Washington State to meet her family at the airport since they charted a private jet to fly to Orlando.  One by one they hugged her, picked her up and slung her around.  She was the baby and the only sister in the family, so she was doted and protected by all four older brothers.  When at last she was able to escape from them to hug her mother, her golden eyes sparkled with love.  Claire and Maggie standing side by side were almost identical.  She loved her mother and her family with all her heart.  

Henry, having the least amount of luggage, went to fetch Claire’s.  They paid a hopper to make sure the bags made it to their private jet and walked to the gate their flight would leave from.

The Armstrong family was an awesome sight.  Father and Mother were walking, arms about each other waists, looking at each other with adoration and love.  Stephen and his wife and kids were walking behind them with Gavin.  Next came Paul, his wife and kids and then bringing up the rear were Henry and Claire.  They were sixteen members strong.  They were a good looking, fun loving clan whose presence alone occupied the entire airport.  When the Armstrongs were around, everyone knew it.

The trip to Orlando was fairly uneventful.  The children slept most of the way, which was a blessing.  Mother and Father held hands and slept while Stephen, Gavin, Henry, Paul and Claire sat together catching up. The wives of Stephen and Paul, Charlsie and Madison respectively, also chatted catching up on current familial events.

When they landed, there were limousines waiting and they were transported to Disney World where they spent five wonderful days. The Armstrongs enjoyed a Magical Gatherings at great expense.  Thousands of dollars a day were spent on food, lodging, clothing, and whatever else the children wanted.  The family visited the various resorts including in the Disney Kingdom and rode every ride possible. Gavin was sure they had eaten at every country at Epcot and watched all the scientific shows he wanted to see for a while. The women went to see several musical shows while the men took the children to enjoy some rides. When they went to the stunt show, the women were disgusted at the jealousy the men exhibited by bragging they could do those stunts as well. The comments were brought about when Charlsie made an offhanded comment about how cute the guy was. Sometime during this week of fun, another practical joke was born.

Stephen and Paul had enough of Gavin’s moping about and talk about this Bronwyn woman.  They made a few quick calls and had an old girlfriend of Gavin on her way to Orlando by the end of the day.  What they didn’t know was that this woman was not a woman Gavin wanted and Gavin had a hard time convincing her of that last time she tried to trap him.  

All Gavin knew was that they were walking to their suites in the Disney’s Beach Club Resort.  He was having a great time when all of the suddenly he heard a voice from the past that made him wince.  

“Gavin!!!” An over exuberant Marybeth came running down the hall and jumped into his arms.  She was a good 20 years younger than he and the biggest regret he ever made.  Sure she was drop dead gorgeous with her blonde hair and big green eyes and a body to die for, but there was little else.  She spent her time in spas, having her hair and nails done and she had so much energy.  Gavin made the mistake of bedding her, and, he cringed at this next thought, taking her virginity.  Gavin had no choice to but catch this slight of a girl as she landed on him showering kisses all over his face. He looked out of the corner of his eye to see Stephen and Paul excitedly talking with grins on their faces that left little doubt as to who, what, where, when and especially how.

Gavin tried to give Marybeth a perfunctory kiss on her cheek, but she turned her head and kissed him full on the lips.  Gavin put his hands on her shoulders and pulled her back some.  “Marybeth, what are you doing here?”

“I heard you were down in the dumps and needed some cheering up.  I didn’t have anything else to do, so I came.” She said too enthusiastically.  

“How did you hear that?” As soon as he asked that question, he caught sight of his brothers leaving.

If anything, Marybeth’s exuberance for life kept things interesting.  She never stopped trying to get into bed with Gavin.  However Gavin did not want to make that mistake again. The last night before they were supposed to leave for what they decided would be Panama Beach, the three older brothers, their wives and Marybeth all went out to Pleasure Island to drink and dance.  Gavin drank fairly heavy that night and decided in his drunken stupor that Marybeth was going to be his tonight since she had been offering her body to him all week.  When they returned to his suite, he was undressing her and she was undressing him with such frenzy that before he knew it they were in bed.  He hadn’t entered her yet, when she mumbled into his ear, “Gavin, you and I will have beautiful children.”  Those words were a mood killer for him.  Gavin feigned sleep and pretended pass out rolling to the side and off of her body.

Marybeth was wrought with anger over this.  She finally had him in bed and the drunkard passes out. “Damn him.” She thought out loud. “I will have you yet, Gavin. Yes, I will have you.  You are mine and no one else’s.”  She slept next to him naked for she planned on telling him they had been intimate last night.  Little did she know that he wasn’t drunk enough to not remember having sex.

The next morning everyone was packed and Gavin’s mood was bitter.  His head hurt from his night of carousing and Marybeth had this gleam on her that was leading his brothers to believe that last night something had happened.

Paul, who was Gavin’s size, walked by and whispered, “Was she a good lay last night?”  He meant this totally in merriment, but Gavin’s black temper did not take it as so. Gavin grabbed his brother and slammed him against the wall, “I did not sleep with her.  Inasmuch she wanted to and had been throwing herself at me, I did not follow through.  I will get you big for this.  I cannot abide that wench. She keeps trying to trap me into marriage and I have no desire to wed or bed her. I bedded her once, but that was my mistake. She seems to declare me as hers even though I go for months without talking to her. I want a woman not a selfish girl.”

Paul was taken back by Gavin’s hostility because his brother hadn’t treated him like this in years, “Sorry Rowen.  We had no idea.  We thought you two got along good, that she just was a fling or something.  Didn’t know she wanted to trap you.  Man, sorry Rowen.”

Gavin’s eyes softened and he let go of his brother.  He pulled Paul in a hug, “It’s ok, you had no way of knowing. I have not always told you things in my life, so you would not have been aware. Yes, we had a fling. Yes we were friendly and had sexual relations, until she started talking about how she was going to spend my money and our marriage. I realized she was seeing much more into our relationship than I was and spent the next year explaining there was no future and hiding from her. But she still wants more and I do not want to give her more. She just isn’t what I want to be trapped down with.”  He looked at Paul again, his eyes darkening again, “Would you marry her?”

Paul thought for a moment.  No, he knew he wouldn’t ever marry such a brainless twit.  However, together they decided to make the best of it and keep her at bay till the end of the trip.  Gavin then would just disappear and she wouldn’t be able to find him again for awhile.

The family again loaded into the family jet and flew over to Pensacola Airport for the short trip to Panama Beach.

They arrived at the condos where they were quartered for the rest of the week.  Maggie reserved five condos side by side.  Stephen and his family were in one, Paul and his family in another, then Maggie and Jamie in the third, Gavin and Henry in the fourth and Claire kept the smaller one bedroom condo to herself. They basically took a whole row of living establishments and the two pools and Jacuzzis behind it.  There were three other condos in this row, however, they were leased out to other people.

Gavin had unpacked and decided to sleep on the couch and let Marybeth have the bedroom, much to her anguish.  Henry offered to share with Gavin, but he shook his head no.  He liked this couch and the great view of the pool and palm trees.

Gavin woke up early the next morning to the sound of kids. Damn, he thought, can’t his brothers keep their brats quiet?

He looked out and saw something that shook his very foundation.  Out at the pool was Bronwyn, Catie and Beth and their spouses, children and another man.  He watched the other man walk over and hug and kiss Bronwyn.  Before he realized what he was doing, he was opening the sliding glass door to go outside and confront her.  Marybeth must have heard the commotion to for she exited her bedroom wearing her slinky negligee’, yawning and speculating about the rudeness of people letting their kids be this noisy.

Gavin was so put off by her comment, not because he didn’t agree, but because he knew it was directed towards “his” Ronnee, “When you decide to grow up and become a mother, then I will judge you on your every action.”  His look was black.  He grabbed his night bag and headed toward the shower, temporarily forgoing his pursuit of Ronnee.

Henry opened his bedroom door, wearing his shorts that hung about his hips in the fresh hip style. “What is his problem?”

“I don’t know.  But I sure wish that bitch would quiet her kids so I can go back to sleep.”

Henry shot Marybeth a look and was beginning to see what Gavin saw in her, absolutely nothing.  He walked over to the window and looked out.  There was something about his woman and her kids that appeased to him. He saw the man hug her that she was with, and shrugged his shoulders, “Oh, well.”

***.
Ronnee was surprised when they arrived back to the condos last night after dinner and a movie.  Elizabeth and Catie waited for her to come outside and scope out the limos that were parked outside with their drivers waiting for orders. Catie launched into her story, for she had been there when they arrived. “I came out as they were unloading.  There are magnificent men in that family.  Oh my gosh, there is this younger one with a great body and the deepest blue eyes.  Several of the others sure looked familiar.  I have seen one of them before.  Perhaps they are movie stars or something.  I mean look at those stretch limos.  Once they arrived they unloaded went inside and haven’t come back out.” Ronnee, Beth and Catie reentered Beth’s condo, just missing the leaving family.

Ronnee, ever the pessimistic one, “They probably don’t want to grace us unworthy people with their presence.”  Catie and Beth laughed at the small joke.  Ronnee stood there for a few moments looking at the cars.  They had brought memories of Gavin and she was having pangs of regret again. She didn’t remember all of the other night with Steve, but she was sore.  She knew he didn’t rape her, but she felt that what happened wouldn’t have if she had been sober.  At any rate, he was much nicer to her and constantly saw to her needs.  There were times when she looked into his eyes and saw regret and sorrow in them.  Her first thoughts were of…who else but Gavin.  Did she betray him?  Did it matter since she hadn’t even heard from him in almost two months?

What she didn’t know is that there were two letters sitting at the house one was sent three weeks ago and the other two.  The first one was lost and wasn’t delivered until the day after the second one; two days after they left.

Ronnee woke early in the morning so the kids could go swimming before they went to the ball park one last time for ceremonies.  Tenth place didn’t get much other than recognition, but it at least was something.  

All morning Ronnee had an impression that someone was watching her.  Steve had hugged her and kissed her cheek for the third time this morning when she turned around and saw a blonde woman peeking through the blinds with a scowl on her face. “I guess we interrupted her beauty sleep,” Ronnee laughed to herself. “Come on in kids, we have to get you dressed and cleaned up.”  They left the pool area and went inside to dress.

Ronnee and Steve held hands throughout the day at the ball fields, restaurants and every where they went.  Ronnee felt giddy.  Now here was someone that was more her level.  He wasn’t as handsome as Gavin, wasn’t as tall and as strong as Gavin, and, of course, not as rich, but he was real and here.  Was she settling for him?  “I guess so,” she muttered out loud.  

“Did you say something?” Steve asked softly.

“No, I am sorry.  I was just thinking out loud.”  Gavin was coming back into her mind more and more. It was like he was right there observing her at all times.

As a matter of fact, he was.  Gavin followed her around the ball field and scrutinized her with this strange man.  Jealousy surged through his veins.  Ronnee was his.  As his brows furrowed with thought, he remembered that he was the one that left her.

Disgusted with himself, he stopped his antics and left the ball fields.  Just seeing her was making him physically uncomfortable.  He had to adjust him self several times.  Marybeth had a belief that it was her and he was just playing hard to get, so she worked even harder on Gavin.

Marybeth dressed sexy, walked sexy, and acted bawdy in front of Gavin at all times.  She suggested changing sleeping arrangements, but Gavin never acknowledged her comments. When he did look at her, he wasn’t seeing her.  Marybeth felt her fury growing every day.  What was his problem?  He obviously desired her, she selfishly thought.

Ronnee, Steve, Beth, Catie and the children were at the pool again.  Gavin had just arrived back from a short flight to Disney World where he had a business meeting about contracting out some business. 

He was standing in the doorway of his condo when he saw Ronnee and her friends go to the pool.  Since his family was all out at the pool behind their condos and Gavin was going to join them, but he hadn’t started changing clothes yet.  Gavin glanced down and knew he looked sharp in his suit. He straightened his jacket and peered down to make sure his expensive shoes were shiny. Gavin thought to himself if she sees me again, she will miss me and realize that other man isn’t man enough for her.  With a smile on his face he walked out past their pool to hers.

Marybeth saw Gavin walking toward the other pool. “Good, he will tell those people,” she spat the word out like it was filth, “to keep their brats quiet.”  Stephen looked at her and swam away.  Marybeth, not one to miss anything, grabbed her towel and headed off after Gavin.  

Ronnee was thirsty and ran back into the condo to get a drink hence when she walked back out she was concentrating on opening her drink.  As she looked up, she saw this divinely handsome man in an expensively tailored suit, with sunglasses that must have cost more than her entire week’s paycheck.  His black hair was neatly combed, but those curls that just grazed his color threatened to break loose.  She looked harder and realized who he was.

“Bronwyn?” Gavin lightly spoke, so softly she barely heard him.  Ronnee just stood there with her mouth agape when all of the sudden all hell broke loose.

Amanda hadn’t yet learned when to or not to do something. Most of the time she knew right from wrong but would decide it didn’t matter and continue on her present course. Upon seeing Gavin standing there, her fury at his treatment of her mother came unleashed. She walked passed her mother and marched up to Gavin.  She looked up at Gavin, who looked down and smiled.

“Good afternoon Amanda.” Gavin said with a smile.

Amanda scowled and walked away, but as she was leaving a smirk came over her face and she turned back towards Gavin.  She moved quickly and when she reached him, she shoved with all her might.  Gavin was close to the pool edge so when he stepped back to counter the shove, his foot landed on empty air.  He plunged backwards, suit, sunglasses and all into the pool.  Amanda stood there with her arms crossed and then leaned forward and yelled, “Asshole.”

Ronnee was dumbfounded as she stood there and watched this man and her daughter.  She stood there flabbergasted as she watched her daughter walk away and then turn back and shove him into the pool.  She watched as her innocent, sweet daughter, albeit a bit uppity at times, called this man an asshole.  Shock of the whole scene hit her hard and it took a few moments to sink in.

As Amanda walked back to her mother, Ronnee said in a trance like voice, “That was very rude and you shouldn’t use language like that.  I want you to apologize.” Ronnee’s eyes never left Gavin as he floundered indignantly in the pool

Amanda, her hands defiantly placed on her hips, rolled her eyes, “I will not.  I was stating a fact.  I apologize to you for me liking him and for saying a bad word, but I will not apologize to him for calling him anything.” Amanda looked back over her shoulder, “Or for his bath.”  With her stomping attitude she marched off into the condo before she could cause anymore trouble.

Gavin stood up in the pool.  He looked like a wet puppy.  His expensively tailored suit was probably ruined, he surmised. His shoes, he knew were.  Anger crossed his face and he felt like he was going to explode, but he looked up into Ronnee’s face and saw such hurt and pain there that he knew he deserved what he anticipated and then some.  A smile crossed his face, that Amanda sure had spunk.  A shadow crossed the sunlight blocking its rays.  He looked over to see Marybeth standing there.

“Oh Gavin, what have these horrid people done to you.”  Marybeth stood and turned to Ronnee, “You should do something about that brat of yours.  Someone needs to put her in jail for this.”  Marybeth turned back to Gavin and offered her his hand, but he ignored it as he made his way to the steps.

Amanda had come back out with a coke and was starting to think perhaps she should apologize.  She arrived back just in time to see some blonde bimbo cooing over Gavin and yelling at her mother.

Amanda-Nicole, who knew her best friend all to well, walked over to her and said. “You want to?”

Amanda–Lynne smiled and they held hands as they walked past Bronwyn again, who still hadn’t moved and both of them promptly planted a foot on the protruding rump of the cooing blonde and shoved her into the pool next to Gavin. The last splash broke the spell for everyone in the area and laughter abounded.

Gavin was already leaving the pool when he saw the Amandas walking up behind Marybeth.  Go for it girls, he thought to himself as he watched them push her in.

He climbed out of the pool and with one more bereft look at Ronnee left the area.  When he arrived back to his pool area he was horrified to find his family in a fit of laughter. Stephen and Paul were almost rolling on the ground. They held their sides like there were about to split asunder. Even quiet Roger was laughing a little and had gaiety in his eyes. His family’s amusement at his expense angered Gavin even more. He turned and, since he wasn’t watching where he was going, he slammed his almost healed knee into a metal table and started hopping around and cursing a string of words that made his mother shoot him a look to kill.  He took off his soaked coat and hobbled off into the condo.

Gavin walked into the condo and locked the door.  He was fuming.  What right did she? Then he remembered.  It was his fault.  He tried as he might to avoid her and keep her out of his life where it could be simpler, but he just could not.  He found himself thinking about her more and more. He sent her letters, yet she didn’t respond. What happened to make her family mad? He removed his wet clothing and promptly called a dry cleaner to come pick them up.  His thoughts were on Ronnee so heavily that he was aroused.  Gruffly he walked over and started a cold shower.  He needed to cool off and think. How was he going to win her back and out of the hands of that…whatever he was.

Marybeth was livid when he walked away.  Somehow she knew this woman was the one that kept him preoccupied.  This normal, fat, slut of a woman.  How dare she use her Gavin like that.  She decided that Gavin needed comforting and tried to walk in the sliding glass door and found it was locked.  She took a deep breath and walked around front of the condo and ordered one of the drivers to take her to the beach so she could think about how she was going to trap Gavin into being hers and hers alone.

	CHAPTER XIV

Steve was sitting in the pool with the boys when he saw this man walk up and plant himself in front of Ronnee.  Was this the reason she was distracted one moment and a luscious piece the next?  Steve knew he couldn’t compete against this man, but his hopes were raised as he watched the Amandas take care of him and this woman that he seemed to be with.  He smiled the whole time.  When he turned to look back at Ronnee, he saw something he didn’t like.  He saw complete, unbridled lust in her eyes. She never looked at him that way, except that night.  Was she thinking of him that night?  Is this man why she was so forward?  Had drink confused her thoughts so much that they had sex because she was thinking of that man? Suddenly Steve didn’t feel like swimming anymore and he feigned a headache went inside and to the main bathroom and started a bath.  He needed time to think.

Roger had walked to the edge of their pool area to see what his uncle was doing.  As his curiosity grew he moved out a little farther.  At first he didn’t see her, but after he did, she was all he saw.  The golden goddess with a head full of thick blondish hair stepped out from behind the woman that Gavin seemed to be confronting, pushed his uncle into the pool and then yelled at him.  He watched her walk back to the woman, who he guessed was her mother for there were similarities, and then go inside.  He was about to turn back when he saw her leave the condo and walk back out and grab hands with another girl and then push that snotty Marybeth into the pool.  His face cracked with such a wide smile that he teeth actually showed.  Now here was someone he could be interested in. With the smile still on his face he started to chuckle.  He felt good.  He felt light.  For once he didn’t feel the weight of the world on his shoulders.  He turned after she reentered the condo and walked back to their pool area.  By the time he arrived back at his pool, he was laughing whole heartedly.  No one noticed for they were in a stitch of laughter themselves.

Gavin exited the stall after a short cold shower and wrapped a towel about his lower body.  He felt better but his teeth were chattering.  He heard someone banging on the sliding glass door thus he opened the door a crack.  Standing there, with the sun shining brightly behind her, was Ronnee.

At first he wasn’t sure what to do, but then he opened the door and let her in.  He had large goose bumps all over him and was cold but he felt part of him heating up already.  Damnit, he cursed his body.  Locking the towel about his waist he grabbed another one and started drying off.  Ronnee parked there and watched him.  It took a moment but Gavin soon realized her direct perusal of him and started using it to his advantage.

Ronnee hadn’t ever seen him naked before. He wore only this white slip of a towel wrapped around his waist.  He stood in front of her drying his hair and she thought she was going to faint.  Her knees grew weak and things started to spin.

Gavin was taking advantage of her. He flexed his muscles purposefully to show them off as he dried various parts of his body.  He showed her calf muscles, biceps, triceps, pecks, abs and finally his quads and thighs.  He put one leg after another on the edge of the couch to dry them.  He didn’t mind, since the curtain was closed all the way and no one in his family could see.

Ronnee stared in open mouthed silence.  Her mouth grew dry, she felt a fluttering of something inside.  Oh my gosh, she thought, look at his body. She watched as he dried each part of his body and when he was drying his legs, she wanted to look up that towel to see what little that wasn’t shown.  She felt faint again.  She had no blood nor strength.

Gavin loved the way she unabashedly stared at him. It made him feel like a Greek god.  Zeus perhaps?  He smiled and looked at her and realized that she was about to faint, her face growing pale.

He walked over, grabbed her hand and led her to the couch where they sat down.  He never once bothered to put clothes on nor did he bother to try and cover up.

Gavin took her jaw into his hand and turned her face to his.  He brought his face  next to hers softly rubbing her cheek with his course one, and whispered into her ear, “Are you ok?”

Ronnee subtly nodded yes.  Gavin turned her face back to his and kissed her with such passion as he had not had since he last saw her. His desire for Ronnee had not dissipated one bit.  A groan emitted from Ronnee as she fell under his spell.  Her hands reached up and ran themselves through his damp hair, twisting the small curls about her fingers.  She gave a little tug and then her hands moved down his back.

Gavin was so overtaken that he couldn’t behave himself.  He grabbed her knees pulled her up beside him.  He maneuvered her underneath him and knew his towel gave way in the movement. He knew he wouldn’t be able to stop unless she did something rash.  He was so rampant with desire that he could think of nothing else.  

Ronnee’s bathing suit was loose due to her loss of weight and he slipped the one piece off of her shoulders.  She returned his kisses with all the gusto she had. She lifted a leg and wrapped it about his thighs and he moved more on top of her.  He had her bathing suit down to her hips so he started trailing kisses down her chin, tracing his tongue down her neck and chest to her already perky nipples.  Oh, how he missed the large buxom on her.  He sucked one nipple at a time into his mouth while he played with the other. His hands worked their way down to her thighs exploiting the muscles.  She had a stout  physique underneath the slight layer of fat. He grazed her womanhood against his thumb with each rub of her thigh and enjoyed her lurch with each movement.  

He moved down her body and nipped her belly, which, too, had muscles underneath a insignificant layer of fat.  The skin was so soft and pliable.  His hands massaged her hips and she started moving them for him.  As he kissed lower and lower, his hands moved up and started to pull the suit down over her hips and within seconds he had her suit on the ground.  He stared at her womanhood and slowly slipped a finger inside.  He smiled as her heard a moan emit from her.  Her hands were massaging his scalp and he didn’t know how much longer he could wait.  He let his tongue run over her and she shuddered at the invasion.  After suckling and nuzzling her petals, he knew he would wait no longer. 

Ronnee did not know what was happening to her.  She was in a blaze of glory as her body seemed to explode and erupt.  Everything he did set her on fire in ways she never knew was possible.  When she felt his tongue enter her, she thought she was going to die.

Her hands pulled at the little curls and the rest was history.  He came up and took her mouth hard. He entered her with all the passion that had built up over the last few months.  He was well endowed and she didn’t understand how she could handle him.  He started to move slowly.  Withdrawing almost completely and slowly reentering.  She raised her knees and lifted her hips to meet his soft thrusts. She could feel something building up deep inside and her breathing quickened.

“Gavin, oh my Gavin.” She muttered almost incoherently.

Gavin knew she was ready and he couldn’t control himself any longer.  He sat up some and grabbed her hips, lifting them as he quickened his pace.  After many strokes he collapsed forward on her and with a few more strokes he felt her shudder around him as he released deep with the next.  His relief was so powerful that he lost all strength and lay down on top of her, kissing and sucking her lips as she finished shaking underneath him.

He lay there and held her tight.  This was incredible.  Her body fit his perfectly.  She was completed him in all ways.

Her hands relaxed their grip on his shoulders and her breathing slowed.  All he could think about was how happy they were going to be, when he felt her tense and move.

“So,” she sobbed out in barely distinguishable syllables, “you finally got what you wanted.  Are you going to leave again?  I cannot believe I acted the slut you wanted me to be.”  The sobs shook her body.

Gavin sat up and looked at her, she was really crying. Not crying because of the great thing that just happened but because she felt he used her.

“Baby, look at me.” He turned her face towards his and kissed her on the nose. “What just happened here was something very special.  I have never, in my life, experienced something like this before. It was different, like we had to have each other.  I didn’t feel complete until I was a part of you. I am sorry for leaving.  I was stupid.  I had business, but when it was finished, I…” he paused looking for the right words, “I was afraid that I was, that we were. Oh, I don’t know.  I guess I listened to people instead of my heart.”  Gavin smiled at her and looked her in the eyes.

“That you were what? Above me? That we were what? Not going to work? If you listened to others now, will you do so again? Obviously you think little of your so called heart because it didn’t mean enough to you and certainly mine didn’t either.  I can’t trust you Gavin.  I want someone who is real.  Not someone who thinks lust is all there is. I am sure that it was different for you because you have never had someone as low as me.” With that she struggled to roll out from underneath him.

Gavin didn’t let her rise.  He wrapped his legs about hers and pinned her arms above her head, “Listen here.  I have never given my heart to anyone before.  I have loved a few, but none, until now, did I fall in love with.  There is a difference, my love. I love you. I am in love with you.”

Hope flickered through Bronwyn’s eyes for a fleeting moment, “Until someone else walks into your life. Someone younger, sexier, prettier.”

Gavin was starting to get irritated. “If I wanted someone younger, sexier and prettier I would have them, but instead I want you.” He grimaced as soon as the words came out. That didn’t sound right at all. 

About that time there was a knock on the door and a feminine voice that Ronnee remembered from the pool spoke, “Gavin honey, please let me in, I need to change my clothes. Honey if you are sleeping I apologize, but I left my key and all the doors are locked.”

That was all Ronnee needed to hear, “Her clothes?  I mean nothing to you.  You are sleeping with her?  What, you needed some right now and I was convenient?”  She started squirming.  Gavin could feel himself reacting.  

“Please stop squirming, you are making things hard for me. Ronnee, I have just told you I loved you.”  Again he heard Marybeth’s voice come through the front door. “Damnit Marybeth, go away.” He growled from deep inside.

Ronnee stilled herself.  The look of hatred that showed in her eyes startled Gavin. “My ex couldn’t have done as much damage with his beatings and cheating as you have done to me in the short time I have known you. Let me up, now.” Her voice left no mistaking of her order.

Gavin was taken aback by her hostility, but finally found out why she was so distrusting.  She had really been done wrong, and she believed that all men were going to do her that way no matter what.  He smiled and kissed her again, “I will let you get up and leave, but know this. You are mine and I do not share.  You will be miserable without me because we are soul mates.  We fit perfectly together and eventually we will be together.”  To emphasize what he just said he leaned down and kissed her.  Much to Ronnee’s embarrassment she felt her body react and her arms raise and place them about his neck.  The only thing that stopped things from going further was Marybeth’s voice coming through the door again.  With anger, Ronnee shoved Gavin off, put her bathing suit back on, wrapped her towel about her and marched out the back sliding glass door.   

Gavin laid there in ire.  After the banging on the door didn’t cease, he walked to the front, towel back about his waist and opened the door.  Marybeth saw him standing there in his towel and flushed, but when she looked up, she cringed.  His face was contorted in rage.

He left her standing there and went to the bathroom and slammed the door shut.  Marybeth didn’t know what just happened but it couldn’t have been good for her.

CHAPTER XV

Bronwyn feigned a headache when she returned to the pool area and only Steve had a thought as to what was going on.  Earlier she left the pool area after a few minutes and walked towards the other pool. She stood there staring at the door that man walked in and then after a couple of minutes a woman walked up to her.  He didn’t know what was said, however he saw her nodding and then she knocked and the man let her in.

Steve was irate.  He was mad. He was livid.  He kept a smile on his face, but inside he was fighting mad. He lay on the lounge chair where he could see the other pool area and the sliding glass door. Thirty minutes later, he had just about given up hope when the door was slung open and Ronnee marched out.  He smiled as she saw she was pissed. He lost that smile as she neared because he saw the rawness on her face and her engorged lips.  Her eyes were red and swollen from crying, however he knew the rest wasn’t.  She walked past him and didn’t even stop to say hello. He thought he smelled the faint musky odor of love making on her body as she passed by, but he couldn’t be sure.  However, when she said she had a headache to Amanda and that she was going to bed, he knew.  He laid there with a forced smile on his face.  He would pay that son of a bitch back for touching her.  Money or no, he would pay him back. Bronwyn was his.

Bronwyn went to bed and threw herself in it and cried into the pillow so no one could hear.  She had locked her bedroom door therefore no one could enter.  A few times a knock sounded and she heard Keene or Ryder’s voice, but she never opened the door.  It was dark when she heard the door knob turn and the door open. I hope, she thought with all her strength, that it is not Steve.

Ronnee lifted her head and saw Beth and Catie standing there.  Catie was holding what looked like a wad of keys.  She called the Amandas in and asked them to return the keys to the front desk at the main office.  Always excited to get away from the younger kids, they were glad to.  Courtnee followed along behind with Shauna.  She was getting to the age where she didn’t want to be considered a little kid either.

Caitlyn and Elizabeth sat on the side of the bed after Beth relocked the door.  Ronnee turned to get a better look at them.

Beth stroked Ronnee’s hair and smiled.  She had a perfect mother’s touch. “Are you ok?”  

Ronnee sat up and fought the tears, but when she looked at her two best friends in the whole world, she lost it and started crying. “He’s…son of a …and he...I can’t believe I let him.” With the last muddled phrase she started crying harder.  Catie and Beth hugged Ronnee and let her cry on their shoulders.  They reWashington Stated like that until she was cried out.  To Ronnee it felt good to have them here for her during this time. “Steve and me….I..such a slut. I just can’t believe I fell…shit again.” Her words were still cut with sobs but her racking had slowed.

Silently, they held her until she quieted her sobs. Beth untangled Ronnee’s long arms about her and rose to retrieve a box of tissues.  Ronnee let go of both women and started to blow her nose and wipe her face.  After a few minutes, Ronnee started to regain her composure.  Redness started to creep into her cheeks as she realized what she just confessed.  Catie was the first to say something.

“Hell, I woulda slept with him too.  He is hot.”  Beth shot a look over Ronnee’s head at Catie.  Catie shot it back at her. 

“Ronnee hun. I do not know what to say, other than you are not a slut. You are the farthest from it.” Beth tried hard to comfort her.

“But I slept with Steve and Gavin,” Ronnee’s tears started to flow again.

A bit taken back by the full confession, Beth hesitated.  Her innocence in life is what kept Ronnee grounded but Catie’s passion in life is what gave Ronnee lift. Catie was the first to say something again, for not much shocked her. “Well, who was better?”  She cocked her head to the side and smiled.  Ronnee, seeing her, couldn’t help herself and started to laugh.  Before they knew it, all three friends were laughing.

All of the sudden Ronnee stopped, her eyes faraway and bearing softened.  “Gavin takes my breath away.  He makes me go places and feel things I never knew existed.  He makes me dream and wish and hope. He puts me up in the clouds where I have never been. He infuriates me.  He is kind, but then he offends me with his kindness. He strives to make sure all is taken care of before I can think about it.  He attempts to meet my friends and play with my children, but he left and he hurt me. I don’t know what to do.”  Ronnee started crying softly again.

Beth hesitated and then said, “Tell us about Steve.”

“He is safe. He is here. He is cute. He is normal. We have been good friends for years. I know what to expect out of him.”

“Ok, you have just described a dog.” Catie said laughing loudly. Beth shh’d Catie, but she ignored her.

“But Gavin left.”

Catie took Ronnee’s face in her hands and turned it to her, “Who do you love, what does your heart say?”

“But he left.” Was all Ronnee could get out before she started crying again.  “I have to have someone I know will be here.”

Catie, who was a bit disgusted for to her it was clear, looked at Ronnee and said “Then get a damned dog.”

Beth looked at Catie’s back as she left. “Ronnee honey, you know we love you and we are here for you.  Both of us.  You have to make this decision.  We can’t make it for you.” Beth gave Ronnee a sleeping pill and left her to sleep.  “We will take care of the kids.  You just rest.”

Ronnee loved that mother in Beth.   It was always there when she needed it.  She was a bit miffed and put off by Catie’s outburst, but she loved her and knew that was just her.  She grew sleepy as the pill pulled her out of this world and into another.  She closed her eyes and dreamed of Gavin.  Not Steve, but Gavin.  Her last thoughts before she drifted off into la-la land, was…damnnit Gavin, things were so simple before, why did you come?

***
Gavin lay on the couch trying desperately to forget what happened earlier.  Marybeth showered him with questions until he said he wasn’t really feeling well and went to bed in Henry’s room where he could lock the door. An hour later he let Henry in so he could change for the family was going out to dinner and a movie. He only left the bedroom once and that was to go to the restroom. Before Henry took his leave Gavin told Henry to tell their mother that he wasn’t feeling well and wouldn’t be going with them. 

The condo was quiet later that evening, when he heard the sliding glass door open, “Shit she didn’t even lock the door.”  Gavin, who was still in his towel sat up, grabbed a pair of boxer shorts and put them on.  He left the bedroom to see who was out there.

He saw that man that was staying with Bronwyn.

It took Steve’s eyes a minute to adjust to the dark.  He came over here to find out if this man was sleeping with the blonde.  If he could find proof, then Ronnee would have nothing left to do with him.  What he didn’t bank on was that Gavin didn’t leave with the rest of the family earlier.

Upon hearing the bedroom door open, Steve gasped.  Gavin stood in the doorway his over powering frame filling it.  His arms were crossed and he looked mad, “What the hell are you doing in here?”

“I was hoping you were here,” Steve lied. “We need to talk.”

“Uhuh, I bet you were.” Gavin squeezed out from between his gritted teeth. “Who the hell are you? What do you want?”

Steve, who wasn’t a small guy by any means, knew when he would be bested and he didn’t feel like fighting this man, yet. “I am Steve. And up until now, I kind of fancied myself as Bronwyn’s boyfriend.”

The muscles in Gavin’s face were clenched tight with anger.  You could see them flex and unflex as he fought his urge to beat this man to a pulp. “What do you mean?”

“She came here with me.  She is staying with me.” Steve conveniently left out the part about him sleeping on the couch. “We have been dating for months,” he again lied. 

Gavin stared at the man, was he telling the truth?

Steve looked at the over powering man and asked, “Drink?” as he walked over to the bar and grabbed the Tequila on it.

“Don’t mind if I do.”  Gavin grabbed the bottle from him and poured himself two quick shots.

Steve looked around.  These condos were twice what he had.  He felt in some ways inadequate and that Ronnee deserved better.  He was not going to give up the fight. He was going to have her one way or another.  Even if he had to tell a lie or stretch the truth some.  It wasn’t his fault if this man assumed some things that might be left hanging.

Gavin grabbed a kitchen chair, turning it around backwards he sat on it.  He had already set the bottle of Tequila on the table and was refilling his glass again. “What do you want?”

“I want you to leave Ronnee alone.” 

Steve barely pushed the words out of his mouth before Gavin spoke, “Absolutely not!”

Steve drained his glass and looked at the bottle questioning.  Gavin slid it across the table to him and he refilled.

Gavin was the next to speak, “Have you slept with her?”

Steve blanched at the lexis. “It’s none of your business.”

“I reiterate my question, have you slept with Ronnee-Lee?”

“If you must know, yes.”  Steve looked at Gavin. “What is your name?  I am Steve.” He held his hand out as one would do with a pal.

Gavin allowed the hurt on his face to show but for a moment. “Gavin.” He said gruffly, but ignored the hand.

“Look, we need to handle this like gentleman. I can see you are a person of good breeding,” Steve was choosing his words slowly and wisely. “I do not see a reason to fight with you. I believe that you and Ronnee had a past, however I am not so sure about a future.  I do not want to see her hurt anymore than she already has been in the past and is now.”

Gavin downed yet another shot, “We have a past, present and future.  She is hurt because I was wrong.  When did you sleep with her? How often? When was the last time?”

Steve shifted uncomfortably, “Last week. Several, oh I don’t know how many times.” Steve almost smiled when he saw the pain flash through Gavin’s eyes.

“I know that she must care for you, but it is obvious her kids don’t like you. You aren’t of the same background.  I can see why she likes you.  I mean I am sure that women like that large muscled man look.  Beyond that I can’t see where there could possibly be anything else.”  Steve knew he was pushing his luck, but he knew if he had to fight this man he would.

“Shows what little you know about your girlfriend.” Gavin spat the word out with distaste, “She is a lot like me.  She just doesn’t let it show.  I will say this once, and only once.  She is mine and if you do not want to get hurt stay out of my way.  I will not abide any other man touching what is mine.  I suggest you leave immediately.  Lie some more and pretend you have a sick relative.  I will make sure her and her children are well taken care of and make it home safe.”  The scowl on Gavin’s face left little to be desired.

Steve cleared his throat, “I do not plan on doing that.  You will have to win her away from me.”

Gavin gave this littler man a nod.  He wasn’t the patsy Gavin first thought, but he wasn’t up to Gavin’s level either.  There was about three inches in height difference, Gavin being the taller, and even though Gavin weighed more, it was all muscle and no fat as this man had.  After sizing him up Gavin stated, “You might as well start packing.” The arrogance dripped from his deep, rough voice.

Steve finished his shot of tequila and stuck out his hand, “I won’t promise anything, because I don’t believe she is yours.  May the best man win.”

Gavin once again ignored the hand. He was afraid if he touched the hand he might pummel this man to death. “She isn’t an award, she is a human being.  And I intend upon having her for mine.  I do not give up once I set my mind to something. Goodbye Steve.” Gavin opened the sliding glass door and showed Steve the way out.

Steve gave one last try, “Please, I don’t want to see her hurt.  Just let us be.”

“If you do not want to see her hurt, then leave, for you will do the hurting, not I.” Gavin’s looks made Steve realize that it was time to go.

Gavin slammed the door a bit harder than he wanted too and let a string of curses out of his mouth.  He heard a noise and saw his little brother opening the front door. “Gavin, everything ok? We just returned.”

“Yes, Henry it is. Hey where is Marybeth?”

“I don’t know where that awful woman is. I am just glad she is gone.”

“I am not sure she is gone, per say, but at least for the night. You want a drink? Or do you want to go to bed?”

Henry paused for a moment, a smile spreading across his handsome face.  His older brother, whom he worshiped was offering him a drink, no contest there.  “Sure I would love one.”

Gavin poured him a coke and laughed at the look on Henry, “What? Did you expect something else?”  

Henry smirked at his brother and then widened his eyes as Gavin poured him a drink of Tequila, “Wow, thanks Rowen.”

“Don’t tell Mom, she would kill me.” Gavin said almost with a sound of fear in his voice.

“No way.”  The excitement spread across his face as he took his first sip.  “Not bad.”

“Go slow, it can and will burn baby brother.”  Gavin warned.

Henry lifted his glass in salute to Gavin as he has seen his brothers do many a time.  He was going to show Gavin he was no longer a baby, not realizing it was futile for he would always be.  

Gavin raised his eyebrows and lifted his glass to salute, “To women.”

“To women.”  Both brothers downed the drink. Gavin was fairly unfazed but Henry started coughing.

“I told you,” Gavin said as he laughed. “Here drink this coke to wash it down.”

After a few moments, Henry stopped coughing.  “That wasn’t too bad.” he smiled. “Hey, you seem to know those people next door, who was the blonde girl?”

“Which one?” Gavin asked as he put away the Tequila. He knew he had enough and wasn’t about to give his baby brother another shot.

“The slighter built one that looks like an angel from heaven that always hanged around with the taller, darker one.”

“Aww, that must be Amanda-Nicole.”

“Amanda-Nicole?” Confusion was in Henry’s voice.

Gavin laughed, “Yes, both girls are Amanda. One is Bronwyn’s and the other is Elizabeth’s.  They have been best friends since they were in diapers and to call them separately we use Amanda-Lynne for Bronwyn’s daughter and Amanda-Nicole for Elizabeth’s daughter.”

Henry looked hard at his brother.  He sure knew an awful lot about these people.  He wondered if this was the girl his brothers said Gavin was pining for that he didn’t need. To him it didn’t matter what his other brothers said, if Gavin wanted her, then he should have her.

“Gavin, I know I am just out of my teens, but, if you love something, don’t let it go, show it how much you love it, and then see what happens.  Show it how much you need it and it needs you.”

Gavin looked at his younger brother, “Since when did you get to be so wise? Now come here and give me a hug and go to bed, I have some thinking to do.”

Henry hugged his brother good night, grateful for the time they just spent together. He turned to go to his bedroom and then stopped at the door, “Gavin?”

“Yes, Trelly.”  Gavin said using the boyhood nickname.

“Do you think you can introduce me to Amanda-Nicole?”

Gavin looked at Henry.  This is the first time his youngest brother has ever shown a real interest in women, or girls for that matter. “Sure, Henry, I promise.”

Henry went to his bed with a smile on his face.  He dreamed of a blonde hair, light skinned beauty that night.  He dreamed that he was as a knight in shining armor and he was coming to save her.  From what was irrelevant.  The only thing that mattered in this dream was the both of them.

CHAPTER XVI

The next day Ronnee woke up feeling refreshed.  She was happy.  She knew there was something different that would affect the rest of her life.  She dreamed wonderful dreams of a faceless knight coming to her rescue on a black steed, so black that the horse shone bluish in the sun.  She rolled over and saw Steve’s face sleeping next to hers.  Ronnee sat up quickly.

Steve woke with the sudden movement, “Good morning beautiful.” His smile and eyes showed Ronnee something she hadn’t seen from him before.  

“What are you doing in here?”

“You had a bad dream and when I came in here, you asked me to hold you.  I fell asleep. I apologize.”  Steve’s face was so innocent that she wanted to believe him, but there was something missing.  

Ronnee started to remember what happened yesterday.  Yesterday was a nightmare.  It started out ok. She remembered thinking she saw Gavin at the ball field.  She remembered blowing it off as an over active imagination.  She remembered coming out of her condo and seeing him standing there.  She remembered him falling in the pool, although how he fell in there was fuzzy. She remembered…

Ronnee turned and looked at Steve.  She had such a look of horror on her face that Steve knew for sure he was correct about what happened yesterday. “Are you ok, honey?”  His words were smooth and loving.  It was different from yesterday’s Steve, who was normal.

Ronnee nodded yes and then went to the bathroom and shut the door.  She looked at herself in the mirror. “You are not going to do this again.  You are through with him.  Steve is out there with love in his eyes and you can’t lose that for a…a…a fling.”

She peeped out the door at Steve.  “Why does he have that look on his face?” She wondered out loud.

“Did you say something love?” Steve queried from the bed.  He was lounging about like he slept there regularly.

“No, just talking to myself, more or less. Would you  mind leaving before the kids see you in here?”  Ronnee hoped that he wouldn’t get mad and take it the wrong way, but that was their agreement and she didn’t want her children thinking anything that wasn’t true.

Steve roused up from the bed.  He was dressed only in his boxers.  He walked passed her into the bathroom and excused her out of it so he could have privacy.

Ronnee went back and sat on the bed and was suddenly very tired.  She laid down to rest and closed her eyes, laying her arm over them to keep out the light.  Next thing she knew Steve was back in bed next to her.  He was on his side staring at her.  One hand propping his head and the other softly moving up and down her body.  Ronnee kept her eyes closed for a moment. She didn’t know what to do.  She was still contemplating her decision when she felt him run his hand to her shoulder and start to pull down her bathing suit.  The same one she still had on from yesterday.  That thought made her open her eyes.  I cannot do this, she thought to herself.

Steve pulled her arm off of her head, where it covered her eyes, and turned her head his direction.  He saw confusion in her eyes and he meant to erase all of that. “Baby, don’t you know what you do to me. I want to stay in the bed and make love to you all day long.”  Ronnee closed her eyes again.  That sounded so heavenly to her. To be languid and content from a day of love making.  She hadn’t ever experienced that before. Until this week, her trysts consisted of her ex and three other boyfriends.  Not many encounters there. 

Ronnee felt Steve start to kiss her. She became aware of him moving more over the top of her. She felt his hardness and the desire from under his boxers.  She sensed his hands pulling down the bathing suit.  She opened her eyes and when she didn’t see Gavin, she caught her breath.

She stilled Steve’s hand and used the best excuse she could think of, “Steve, I…we can’t. The kids will be awake any moment.”

Steve couldn’t hide the disappointment in his eyes. He took a deep breath but knew he couldn’t push her.  He thought if he could have her alone for a few days, then he would win her over.  He would make love to her until she was so exhausted she couldn’t think.

A thought started to brew in his head, with a smile he said, “Of course my love. I understand and agree with you completely.  We will have to eventually tell them. But that can wait.”  He leaned over and kissed her one more time and softly caressed her breast. He let his hand trail down to the warm spot between her legs and smiled bigger.  “I will go now, my love.”

Steve rose out of bed and Ronnee said something to him that made him stop in his tracks, “Please do not call me that.  We are not even dating, I don’t think. Are we? Oh, heck I don’t know. You haven’t ever said anything to me about it. Well, not officially anyway and I don’t want the kids to think… They have just been hurt so much.” Ronnee fought to catch the correct words as they fluttered about in her head.

Steve closed his eyes for a moment.  He will have to enact his plan quickly if he was to win her. He walked back to her and then said, “Of course, again, I agree.” With a cursory kiss on her forehead he left the room.

Ronnee rolled over and beat the pillow again and again, screaming into it.  “What the hell have I gotten myself into now!!”  No one for years, hardly paid any mind to her and now she had two that she was torn over.  The stable, always there, normal (dog as Catie so eloquently put it) man and then there was her knight in shining armor who was fickle and had already left her once.
***
The next morning Gavin wanted to work out.  He had so much energy that he rose early to go to the gym.  He pumped weights, ran the treadmill, pushups, sit ups, pull ups, etc.  If it worked your muscles, Gavin used it. Gavin had sheen of sweat covering his entire body when the door opened and Marybeth walked in.  His face sunk. “What do you want?”

“Gavin dear what have I done to make you mad at me?”  Her eyes beseeched him.

Gavin, who always fell for the poor woman thing, patted his knee, “Come here and sit down.” With a smug look on her face Marybeth sat on his knee, wrapping an arm about his neck, the other staying on his inner thigh, lightly moving back and forth.

He wrapped his long arms about her and hugged her. Maybe he should forgo this quest and just settle for someone in which there would be no battle.  Marybeth broke that short spell when she spoke next, “Gavin dear, you are sweating all over me. Can’t we talk after shower and clean up?”

Gavin rolled his eyes, “No.  Marybeth I apologize for my brothers and their practical joke they played on me by inviting you.  They were trying to cheer me up and thought of you.  If they hadn’t reached you it would have been someone else. They were wrong and for that I am deeply and truly sorry.” Gavin smiled and let his dimples show. “I am going to arrange for you to go back to your home.  If you want to stay here, just let me know and I will make different living arrangements.  Find you a nice suite somewhere.” He waited for her to answer.  He could feel her anger rising.  Lord help me, he thought.  Nevertheless this had to be done.

“So I am nothing to you? I mean nothing to you?” Marybeth sputtered at him.

“No baby we will always have our memories. Those will always be in my heart.  But I love someone else and I can’t help that.  One day you will find that love and you will not even think twice of me.”

“You can keep your damned memories.  Is it that woman? The one with all the brats?  The fat one?”

Gavin had enough and pushed her up from his lap.  “You need to go Marybeth. I wish you well in your life.  I have explained to you that you are not my type and we are not compatible beyond the bedroom.  The bedroom isn’t all there is to a relationship.  I need and want more.”  He left it there and hoped she could accept that as a cue to leave. She grabbed her purse and opened the door to the weight room and stormed out. 

As Marybeth rounded the corner, she realized her hair was coming down and her shirt was crooked, so she was busy tucking it in when she ran into Ronnee. “Oh excuse me.”

Ronnee noticed who it was and blanched.  Marybeth saw an opportunity and took it, “Sorry I was just trying to get back and get cleaned up.”  Marybeth leaned in as to tell a secret to a best friend, “You know how messy love making is?”  She rolled her eyes in emphasis. “Oh, by the way, Gavin is in the weight room.”  Marybeth turned away to hide the smile on her face. “I must go, hope to see you later.”

Ronnee didn’t move. Her brain, hurt and confused, not allowing her body to function. Did Gavin have no morals? Oh, who was she to talk.  She was as bad as he.  Just this morning she almost gave into Steve.  But she didn’t, she reminded herself.  And she wasn’t the one to declare undying love yesterday, Gavin was.  The more she thought the madder she grew. Before she knew it, she had pushed open the door to the weight room.  Gavin was standing up retying his shorts from where Marybeth untied them, when he heard the door open and he looked up to see Ronnee.

Ronnee stared at him. “It’s true! You declare your love for me in one breath and screw her in the next?!”  She spit venomously.

It took Gavin a few moments to try and figure out what was going on. Only one thought came to his mind.  That bitch must have said something or inferred something to Ronnee.  It would be just like Marybeth to get him back for jilting her yet again.

“Ronnee it is not as it seems.  Honestly. She came in here to hit on me, I guess, and I turned her down and told her I wanted her to go. I told her that I loved you and wanted you, not her.”  His eyes begged her to believe him. Gavin sat on the bench and lifted his arms to her.

If it were any other person, any other history with men, Ronnee might have believed him. She had been cheated on and lied to enough to believe that she couldn’t trust anyone.

“I don’t believe you.” Her eyes burned with conviction. “Furthermore, don’t see me or come near me ever again.  I don’t want anything to do with you anymore!”

Gavin stood there.  He couldn’t believe it. She didn’t believe him. His mouth dropped open, “You are calling me a liar?”

“If the shoe fits,” Ronnee began as she turned to leave.

Gavin was off the bench in seconds and grabbed her arms before she could go out the door.  He locked the door and pulled the blinds shut, hauling her behind him as he went to each window.  When he was through, he pulled her back to the bench and told her in a tone that left no doubt of his meaning and seriousness. “Sit.”

Ronnee obeyed instantly and sat down.  Gavin straddled the bench and took both her hands in his and looked in her face. “I have never lied to you.  I do apologize for not writing sooner than I did.  I do apologize for not calling, however, I thought it would be more romantic for you to receive a letter from me. I did not sleep with Marybeth.  I have not slept with her since last year.  Inasmuch she has been throwing herself at me, I will admit I have kissed her and possibly fondled her some.  However, I never slept with her.  I am but a man and when a beautiful woman comes and sits on your lap and starts kissing your neck, well…” He smiled sheepishly. “Anyway, that didn’t happen just now, that happened a few days ago, before I saw you again.  Before I was rudely pushed into the pool, called names, and generally embarrassed in front of my entire family. To you, young lady, I have given the most generous allowances for your behavior at times. But I will not be called a liar.”

“So if any pretty girl sits on your lap or hits on you, you are going to touch her, kiss her and sleep with her?”

Gavin laughed heartily, “After all I just said, that is all you heard?”  He took his hand from hers and raised her chin. Upon seeing the tear, he wiped it from her pretty face. “I said that was a couple of days ago. I told you I did not do that today. You are the only person I can think about. You are the only person that I want. You are the only person who is driving me insane with lust.”  To emphasize his words, he took her other hand and placed it on his crotch where she could feel him hardening and growing. “You are a part of me.  I do not understand it, but you are.”

“I am just not sure if I can trust.  You are so divinely handsome…” Ronnee watched as he cocked his head in arrogance. “You are arrogant, egotistical,” her voice now softening, “sweet, kind, caring, loving and passionate.”

Gavin crooked his grin, “What about rich?”

“Aww, that is naught to me.” She answered, eyes downward.

Gavin’s crooked grin turned serious as he grabbed her head and turned it to meet his mouth. All the passion that had built up over the last day was erupting within him. He pulled back from her mouth and whispered into it, “You are mine and I told you I cannot abide having someone else touch what is mine.  You need to either make that Steve go, or you will move into my condo for rest of the vacation.”

Ronnee was so swept up in the passion of the moment that she barely heard what he whispered to her. After a few minutes of him kissing her neck, she fought for control over her brain. Bronwyn steeled herself up against his physical onslaught and pulled back.  There was fire in her eyes.

“I am not an animal or inanimate object that you own.  I am not yours, I am mine.” The arrogance that made her spine stiff showed brightly in her sparkling blue eyes. “You cannot tell me what to do.  I am not yours and I will not treat Steve that way.” She crossed her arms as if to say, now what do you think you are going to do.

Gavin looked at her with deadly seriousness, “You heard what I said.”

“You have the balls of a toro bull, but not the first lick of brains.  You do not have control over me.  How can you say I am yours?  We are not even married, we are not even…hell, I don’t even know what we are besides…” Bronwyn blanched at the thought, sexual partners. She left the rest unsaid.

A sparkle tilted Gavin’s eyes into a lighter shade of grey. A smile spread across his face, the knowing cocky smirk that just made Ronnee want to slap it off. “You are not mine?”

“No.” She said with certainty.

“I do not have a profound effect on you when we are together?”

“No.” Ronnee tried to say this word with as much conviction as she could muster.

“Are you sure?”

“I think I had better leave before we start to fight and say things we both might regret.”  Ronnee knew she needed to get out of there as fast as possible.  She swiftly moved off the bench and started towards the door.

Gavin caught Bronwyn before she made it two steps.  He held her arms as he lightly brushed her exposed neck with his lips. He trailed them up to her ears and nibbled on the lobe, softly letting his teeth graze it. “Does your boyfriend, Steve, make you weak when he kisses you like this?” Gavin whispered softly into her ear.  His voice, raspy and deep with lust, was about all she could take.

“He…he is not my boyfriend.” Was all she muttered.  Ronnee’s eyes were closed as she felt herself drifting away up to heaven.

Gavin switched sides and started nuzzling and playing with her other ear, “You didn’t answer my question? Does he make you feel like this?” He said, again his voice sent shivers down Ronnee’s spine and into the hallows of her stomach.

Ronnee had to steel herself again. Her brained cleared a little as he paused, “Yes.” She lied.

Gavin turned her and looked in her face, “You lie.”

He took her back to the bench and sat down, straddling her on his lap, one leg on each side .  Ronnee could feel his hardness through their shorts. “Does he make you want and desire like I do?” Gavin asked as he moved his hips against Ronnee’s, rubbing his hardness against her.

Ronnee closed her eyes and felt fireworks going off in her head as Gavin grabbed her hair and kissed her with force and lust.  His lips separated hers and his tongue plunged in deep.  He turned her head so that he could kiss her harder.  His hand reached down between her legs and lightly massaged the area.  A groan emitted from deep inside of Ronnee.

Ronnee was not going to allow this man to do this to her again.  She fought against her body and tried to clear her head.  She wanted this man so bad, but she wasn’t going to admit it.  She could feel the moisture growing between her legs and she knew he could as well.  She gasped when he rubbed against her with his manhood again.  “Oh, my Gavin.” She heard herself say much to her surprise. “Please, I have to…”

Gavin continued his assault on her body.  He had her bra off and Ronnee never even knew it.  One hand was tangled in her hair holding her head and the other was now massaging her breasts.  Gavin knew what she was asking and what she wanted, but the arrogant side of him wanted to hear her say that only he can make her feel like this.  He watched her as she fell deeper and deeper into the abyss.  He then lowered his lips back to hers and whispered, “Does he make you feel like this?”

Hearing him say that helped Ronnee break the hold and she came back to the surface somewhat. She again lied, “Yes.” There was no conviction to her words, there was no power.  Her pride was making her say them and Gavin knew it.  With a wider smile, because he knew the answer, he renewed his assault on her. He brushed against her with his manhood again and felt her gasp.  Ronnee put her head back and she held onto him tight.  Gavin strained with all his might to keep from allowing himself to go any further. Lord, he wanted to be inside of her, but he had something to prove.  After another minute, he whispered in her ear, “Come on baby, relax.  I want you to come. I have more plans for you, baby. Enjoy.”  Within moments he felt her shudder with her release.  She held onto him for dear life as she finished.

Gavin paused and looked around.  This was far to public. If someone noticed the door was locked, they would only have to fetch the management. He saw the steam room and had an idea.  The door could be locked for 20 minutes.  No one could enter unless you let them in or they had the code.  He smiled.  He moved the limp Ronnee to the bench beside him.  She sat there dazed. 

He turned on the steam room because it would take a couple of minutes for it to heat up fully and be filled with steam, so he went back over to her and knelt between her legs.  He brushed her hair away from her face, he could see embarrassment rise in her cheeks. “What is wrong baby?”

“I am so embarrassed.”  She looked like she was about to cry, her eyes refusing to meet his.

“Why?” He asked with concern.

“Because I did that. I must be something bad.”

“Haven’t you ever released before without actually having sex?”

“No.” Was all she could get out before she started to cry.

“Aww, baby, there isn’t anything wrong with it.  I plan on making you do that every day for the rest of our lives together.  We do not have to have sex to enjoy each other.”  Gavin sat back and looked at her.  There was so much he could teach his nymph.

Gavin kissed her deeply and fondled her breast.  Ronnee’s eyes closed and her head leaned back, “Oh. I can’t”

“Can’t what baby?”

“I mean I have never…” She stumbled about for the words.

“Yes, we already talked about that.” Gavin kissed her again and renewed his assault upon her senses.

Ronnee pulled him back. “I cannot…you know…twice in a day.” Her cheeks burned with the heat from her shame.

Gavin sat back on his haunches at that one, “What do you mean you can’t?”

Ronnee could feel her cheeks aching, “I haven’t ever.” The words halted in her mouth.

Gavin smiled.  Something else to teach her, “Yes you can. You just have never had an attentive lover.”

“Really?” The hope rang in her voice.

“Yes, my love. I plan on making you have multiple orgasms for the rest of our lives as well.”  Ronnee blushed.

Gavin took her hand and guided her to the steam room.  He found the timer, started it and locked the door. He had twenty minutes, but then again, he could always reset the dial.  A smile spread across his face.

Gavin started to slowly undress her. He kissed every part of her skin as it was exposed.  He trailed kisses down her chest, along her stomach, following his hands downwards as he slipped her shorts off.  He led her to the bench and leaned her back against the wall, scooting her hips towards the edge.  Gavin knelt between her legs and kissed her passionately.  His lips trailed his fingers downwards, suckling on each breast, admiring the firmness and fullness, down to her stomach, loving the soft skin that wasn’t stretched tight over a pair of hip bones, and down the inside of one leg.

Gavin nipped and trailed his tongue down one leg until he met Ronnee’s foot.  Her feet were so beautiful, so perfect.  He ran his hands back up her legs as he started his onslaught on her other leg.  His hands kneaded her thighs while he kissed up her leg to nuzzle the bed of her woman hood.

Ronnee didn’t know what was happening to her, but she felt like she was on cloud nine. Her knees fell apart and gave him access to her most vital parts.  She liked this. Her ex boyfriend had showed her many of the niceties of making love.  Before him, she was scared of it.  When she was married it was an act to be done to satisfy the man.

Gavin plunged his tongue and felt Ronnee’s hands in his hair. Encouraged he explored the very nectar of her being. Finally, Gavin knew he could take no more.  He knew he was going to explode.  He entered her quickly and placed one arm on each side of her. He wanted to see her face when her release came. She grabbed his shoulders and nuzzled his neck.  Gavin scooted her hips towards to the edge again, from whence they moved and drove deep. When he felt her give and that was all he could take.  He covered her mouth with his as her moans grew louder and when she threatened to scream on release, he kissed her as he emptied deep inside of her with one final thrust.  Gavin collapsed on top of her, his breathing heavy and fast.  It took every ounce of strength in his body to keep from releasing before her. It was no minor feat.

Gavin picked up her legs and laid her on the bench.  He lay down beside of her and rubbed between her legs.  Ronnee continued to twitch and spasm. He leaned over and kissed her deeply.  He knew that he truly did love this woman.

“I have never done that before.”  She garbled breathlessly.

“What come twice? You already said that.” He replied as he worked hard on slowing his breathing.

“No, so hard, so violently.  I have never been so languid and relaxed. My body has the consistency of melted butter.” She whispered.

Gavin could not hide the pride in himself nor the ear to ear grin on his face. “See baby, we are meant for each other and each other only.”  Gavin heard a ding and saw the timer turn off but he was not ready to leave this den of iniquities just yet.  He jumped up and reset the timer, however, this time turned the temperature down. He thought he was going to die from the heat and exertion.

The complete look of satisfaction just wouldn’t come of off Ronnee’s face.  She had never felt so good in her life.  It was like he tapped something deep inside of her and released it.  A smile that couldn’t have been slapped off reWashington Stated etched into her soft face. Gavin held her until their breathing slowed and he regained his strength.

Gavin wasn’t through, much to Ronnee’s chagrin.  “I can’t go anymore. No strength.” She gasped.

Gavin smiled.  He knew her strength would come back.  He slowly entered her.  He wanted to take the rest of the time in slow love making.

Ronnee just knew she couldn’t go any further or do anymore.  Her body was liquid. Oh, but his weight felt so good, even though the slats on the bench hurt her back.  When Gavin started kissing her, they were soft passionate kisses; meant to slowly raise her from the dead.  She wrapped her arms about him and kept him close.  One knee was raised and the other leg was hanging off the bench.  As Gavin moved ever so slowly, in and out, he would softly kiss her and whisper hopes and dreams, of love and kids.  How he wanted a dozen brats. How her three would be part of that dozen. Of their lives together, of their future together. Where they would live, where they would visit. Of his family and hers. Ronnee was too out of it to comprehend much of what was being said. Then she heard him change his tone and start talking about where they were going to make love, where they were going to travel just to make love. Of how they were going to make love, the new positions they were going to try. Of how they were going to take full days and do nothing but make love.  

Ronnee couldn’t help the smile that was spread across her face. All sounded so perfect.  She heard him continue to whisper about the things he wanted her to do to his body and the things he wanted to do to her.  She heard him recount each and every thing he wanted to do. Talking in such a low, husky, lust filled voice was doing just what Ronnee expected he wanted it to.  She felt her self under him.  She knew his pace sped up some.  She couldn’t remember exactly when, but he had stopped whispering and now was accosting her breasts again.  He never stopped or slowed his pace.  She could see his muscles straining as he held himself up from her so that he could kiss her body. 

Ronnee felt his lips trail back up to her ear. She could feel the tension building back up, she wanted to remain a part of him forever. She reasoned Gavin must have felt it too, for he again sped up his tempo. He was kissing her with such passion and depth that she was falling deeper and deeper. Ronnee started moving her hands up and down his back.  She would pause on his straining buttock and grab him, which elicited a reaction from Gavin she had not counted on.  Every time she grasped his muscular, taught buttocks, he would groan and push harder.  Ronnee could never have guessed that you could make love for this length of time and enjoy every lasting moment. Gavin started kissing her hungrily now.  He was becoming greedier with his kisses, more demanding. He raised her hips off the bench with one hand and she took the hint and put her other foot on the bench and raised them for him.  Gavin kept himself in the air, his eyes were closed,  and he was sweating.  Ronnee liked the feel of his hot sweating skin next to hers.

All of the suddenly Gavin lowered himself and freed one hand and grabbed one of her knees and pulled it up higher. He raised back up and lifted her hips even higher.  Ronnee could feel him. It was like he was hitting a button deep inside of her and she felt her self gathering up strength for the explosion.  She tossed her head side to side and started to moan.  Gavin stroked long and hard in that position and then he lay back down and greedily sought her mouth.  He kissed her so hard that she thought her lips were going to bruise.  He grabbed both her arms and pinned them above her head as he rode her harder and harder. Finally letting go of her hands, he grabbed a hand full of hair and pulled her head to his lips, where he hungrily met hers. 

Ronnee dug her fingers into his back.  She couldn’t stay at this fevered pitch too much longer.  She felt like she was going to die inside if she didn’t give soon.  She raked her nails down his back to his buttocks and raised her hips to meet his with just as much force.  Gavin threw his head back and moaned loudly. He leaned up, grabbed her knee pulled it back up and stroked her harder and faster.  Ronnee still had her fingers dug into his buttocks and grabbed him hard as she started her release.

Gavin felt her shudder around his shaft and he released so hard that he collapsed heavily onto Bronwyn.  He continued his slow movements and didn’t cease till he felt her stop.

Ronnee had lost all strength in her arms and one hung off the bench. Finally, she felt Gavin still inside her.  He laid there stroking her hair, pulling back the matted hair that soaked with sweat.  “I love you so much.  You do for me what no one else can.”

All Ronnee had the strength to do was smile.  Her eyes closed and she slept soundly for a  few moments. Gavin moved to the walled side of the bench and pulled her to him spooning with her. His arms were wrapped tightly about her body so she wouldn’t fall off. Her head rested on his arm.  He closed his eyes and relaxed for a moment as well.




***
Steve was worried about Ronnee. She had been acting strangely and now she has disappeared.  No one has seen her for almost an hour.  She said something about using the gym, and since no one thought to look there, Steve headed that way.

When he arrived, the door was locked so he left.  He walked around some more looking about and becoming increasingly worried about her.  It wasn’t like her not to tell her kids anything.  Of course they barely realized she was gone because they were swimming and sunning.

Thirty minutes later, Steve found himself walking down the hallway towards the gym again, when he saw movement.  The door opened and Gavin peaked out.  Aha, he thought, I caught him with that girl and I will make sure Ronnee knows.   However, Steve felt a sudden shiver of fear.

He walked back towards the lobby and sat down.  Shortly thereafter, he saw Gavin walking towards him.  He had a look on his face that made Steve wrought with ire.  Behind Gavin he saw Ronnee walking.  She walked as though she was floating.  Her face was flushed and she was absolutely beautiful.  Steve knew what that look was.

Gavin noticed that man Steve pale and couldn’t resist him self, “You ever put that type of a look on her face?”  Then he cringed at the immaturity of his action.

Steve stood up before Ronnee saw him and started to leave the lobby.  Gavin grabbed his arm in all seriousness, “I told you. I cannot abide someone else touching what is mine. Stay away.”  There was a deadliness to the tone in his voice.

Steve sat back and watched as Gavin walked over to Ronnee and took her elbow and guided her back to her room.  She looked so languid, so relaxed.  Steve fumed. He should be the one, but that over bearing prick… A new plan began to formulate in his head.  He wasn’t going down without a fight.  He may lose, but he wasn’t throwing in the towel just yet.

CHAPTER XVII

Catie couldn’t tell what was going on completely with her best friend, but she knew things weren’t normal.  Ronnee left the condo and went for a walk. No one had seen her for over an hour and now she returned out of the blue wearing a look of complete and utter satisfaction.  Catie grinned, “You finally have experienced what it is like to have your body wholly satisfied and utterly under control of a man.” Catie hugged Bronwyn. “What you need is a nap.  The kids are fine.”  Ronnee still had not said a word, just followed her lead to the bedroom.  “Here go in there and sleep for an hour.” 

Catie opened the door and pushed Ronnee into the room, took her to the bed, pulled her legs up and put them under the covers.  Ronnee’s eyes closed as soon as her head hit the pillow. Catie kissed her lightly, “Damn, I need who ever did this to you.”  She laughed at the absurdity of her words for she knew her husband made her like that almost every night.

Catie went back outside and stood on the back porch and watched the kids for a minute.  She lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply.  “God, how I love these things.”  Catie walked over and sat back down next to Beth. Beth lit a cigarette of her own.

After a few puffs, Beth asked, “Did you find Ronnee?”

“She just showed up. I put her to bed.”

“Why? What happened? Is she hurt?” Beth questioned with genuine concern.

Catie laughed so loud and heartily that it scared Beth for a moment. “She is fine now, a bit wore out, slap dab down to the bone.  Prolly be sore tomorrow, but fine.”  There was a glint in her eye, which after a few moments allowed Beth to understand.

“Oh my gosh, who?”

“I dunno but look.” Catie was pointing with her cigarette to where there was a dashingly handsome black headed man coming out from between the buildings.  He had on a pair of nylon shorts that said ADIDAS across the butt.  He was shirtless, shoeless and walked as cocky as a stud in a herd of mares in heat.  His long legs were taking their time to walk across the grass.  He was tan and well built.  Both women forgot their cigarettes and their ashes grew long. 

Another motion caught their eye. There was someone behind him. After recovering from their open mouthed stare, Beth elbowed Catie, “Is that Steve?”

Catie looked and saw Steve standing in the shadow between the two buildings. Steve must have said something out loud, because Gavin stopped and turned back.  Both women gasped as they watched Gavin grab Steve and shove him against the building.  They watched him draw his arm back and realized that he meant to hit Steve. As weird as Steve had been acting, he was their friend where Gavin was the unknown. In a flash both women were up off their seats and running towards the two men.  Catie started hollering loudly, so loudly in fact that she gained the attention of the entire Armstrong clan.

In moments there were two brothers pulling Gavin off of Steve, who now that Gavin was somewhat restrained, gathered some bravado.

“See that is why you don’t deserve her.  You will beat her! You think everything is handled by physical violence.” Steve hollered in anger and fury.

Catie and Beth rushed over and grabbed Steve’s arm and started pulling. Steve started to turn and leave when Gavin piped up, “Yes, go hide behind the skirts of the women, let them know you are not man enough…”  That is all Gavin said before Steve hit him.  Gavin broke free of his brothers and landed two good punches before his brothers and now his Father restrained him.  

Mr. Armstrong stood in between his son and this stranger, “Gavin Rowen Armstrong. I do not know what has overcome you, but I did not raise a bully.”

Maggie walked over and touched her son’s arm, “Gavin, son, please come with me inside, you have a slight cut I would like to tend to.” Gavin turned his scowl down to his mother and his face instantly softened and the anger left his body, his posture relaxed. 

“I am sorry, I do not know what came over me.” Gavin stuck out his hand so that Steve could shake it. When Steve slapped it away and stared him down, all three men had to grab on to Gavin again as he tried to lurch forward.

Catie, being the unafraid one in all this, stepped in front of Steve, “Steve, come on lets go. Looks like you have a split lip and cut eye.  Lets go tend to it.” She had just laid a hand on his arm to get him to leave, when the two husbands of Beth and Catie showed up.

“What the hell is going on here?” Mike asked with a vengeance.

“Mike, take him and make him leave before this escalades.” Catie begged.

Mike grabbed Steve, and with the help of Greg, Beth’s husband, they maneuvered him away, but not before Steve turned his head, “Yes, take me back to my condo, so Bronwyn can treat my wounds and help me.”  

Gavin turned to leave but heard Steve’s comment and turned back.  He looked Steve in the eyes and saw the meaning in them that left no misunderstanding as to what Steve intended tonight.

Gavin launched himself again and was stopped by a little wood sprite standing in front of him. He looked down and again his face softened.

“Gavin Rowen Armstrong, you step one foot that direction and I will, I will…” Amanda parked there with her finger pointing in Gavin’s face.

“You will do what Amanda-Lynne?”

“I don’t know, but I know this.  If you love my mom and she loves you, then this isn’t going to win you to her side. Go home and go to your room.” 

Gavin stood there and the tension left his body again, “You will watch over her and make sure she is safe?”

“Yes, I will, but who is going to take care of you? Or protect her from you for that matter?”

Gavin looked into the eyes of the girl, who he realized wasn’t that little. “I would never hurt your mother.”

“You left!” Amanda yelled back at him. “She cried for days. She doesn’t know I know, but I heard.” Her voiced softened, “Why did you leave?”

“I left a note telling your mother that I had to go for business. I wrote two letters.  You never received them?”

“Nope.” Amanda answered softly. Somehow she knew if they had received those two letters that things would be different right now.

Gavin shifted and he looked down at the girl who standing there so defiantly with her hands on her hips, “No wonder she is mad.”

Gavin took Amanda’s hands off of her hip and kissed the back of them, making her blush.  He stared intently at her with his dark eyes, “I love your mother and would never do that.  I had some things to think about.  This is a big undertaking, although I now know she is too special to miss. I would never intentionally hurt her.”

“What about that…that …blonde woman?” Scorn and attitude reeked in Amanda’s voice again. She tried to pull her hands from Gavin’s grasp.

“Marybeth?” Gavin’s laughter rained and seemed infectious. “Do you think that I would be interested in that piece of fluff?  Her being here had all to do with Stephen and Paul and none with me. It was a joke to cheer me up. They had no idea I could barely stand to be around that girl.”

Amanda looked down at her hands, still in Gavin’s, “Ok, I will help you win over Mom, but it will cost you.”

“Ok, you little scamp, what is it?”

“I want a car.” Amanda smiled big, her beautiful white teeth showing beneath the tan exterior.

Gavin laughed and dropped her hands.  He gave her a hug, “Now run along and play.”  Before he let her go Gavin heard this “Ahem” from behind him.  He turned his head to see Roger standing beside him.  Gavin had almost forgotten his promise to Roger.

“Good afternoon Uncle Gavin,” Roger began formally. “Who is this young lady with you?”

Gavin almost laughed at the adultness that Roger strived so hard to obtain.  He was standing with a rigid back, firm face and with a proud tilt to his chin. “Roger, this is Ronnee’s daughter Amanda-Lynne. Amanda this is Roger Bentley Armstrong.”

Amanda stuck out her hand and Roger adeptly grabbed it and kissed the back of it like he had seen his uncle do many times.

Amanda stood staring at this blonde headed boy-man.  She was sure he was older than she was, but how much was hard to tell for he seemed ageless; so mature, too serious. She stared at his dark blonde hair, and when he gazed upon her with his deep blue eyes, she shuddered. When she felt his lips graze the back of her hand, for the first time in her life she felt like swooning.
  
Gavin kept a steady hand on her back, “Easy there now Roger.”

Roger was a bit embarrassed by his uncle’s demeanor, “I must apologize for my Uncle Gavin. He takes nothing serious. Especially the meeting of a beautiful woman.”

“Whereas, Casanova, you take everything too serious. Now let go of her hand.”

Roger looked chastised as he tried to drop his hand but found it firmly entrenched into Amanda’s, who still had not said a word, but was staring intensely.

“Hey Amanda!” Hollered Amanda-Nicole as she ran up to her side. “What is wrong with you?”

Amanda-Nicole looked down at Amanda’s hand where she was clinging onto a hand that belonged to a nice looking blonde-headed boy. Her eyes followed his arm to his chest and up to his face and then noticed something move behind him.  

Henry stepped forward, “Hey I am Henry, Gavin’s little brother.” He reached and grabbed Amanda-Nicole’s hand and gave it a vigorous shake.

Amanda-Nicole stared at this dark boy. His black hair waved about his neck, a little too long, his dark tan emphasized by his low riding orange swim trunks.  He had dark hair on his chest and dark stubble on his face.

The two Amandas remained as if cemented to their spots, staring at the two boys, neither one saying a word. 

Gavin shifted nervously waiting for something to happen. Finally, he motioned for Stephen to come over and help him separate the kids.

Stephen laughed heartily about the scene. Neither couple wavered their eyes from each other until, Stephen grabbed his son, Roger’s hand, and laughing, Gavin pulled Henry’s hand and they separated the pairs.

Maggie came up and offered the group some hotdogs.  Stephen and Gavin were finally able to move the four youngsters towards the pool. Neither couple had yet to break eye contract until Roger stepped off into the pool, not hearing the warnings from everyone around him. Completely indignant Roger climbed out and huffed off to the condo.  Amanda-Lynne followed.

Gavin started to follow, but Charlsie, Stephen’s wife, stopped him. “Maybe she can do what we have failed to do; get him to lighten up.”

“Ok, but if he touches her…”

“Oh come one you are talking about Roger.  He would never do anything to distort his truth on chivalry.” Charlie said while laughing.

Gavin thought on that for a moment and then smiled, “But he is a Armstrong.”  With lighthearted concern, Stephen and Gavin slowly walked towards the door.

Amanda entered right behind Roger, “Hey Roger what is wrong?”

“Did you come in here to laugh at me as well?” He replied in a childlike manner.

“No,” she started, “but it was funny.  The look on your face.  I bet we were all funny looking.  I mean we never moved our eyes and they had to force our hands apart.”  Amanda started laughing in earnest. Roger shot her a look that quelled her laughter for a moment, “What is your problem Roger? They weren’t laughing at you, they were laughing at us, all of us.”

“I do not like to be the fall guy for a joke.” He seethed.

“Oh my gosh, would you relax.  It was funny. If it had been Henry you would have laughed.” Amanda rolled her eyes at Roger.

“No, my dear, I would not. I have too many things to worry about to use humor. I am the eldest son of the eldest son and all will fall onto my lap one day.  I am important.” Roger stated firmly.

Amanda started laughing, “Get over yourself. You are a kid, enjoy life before you have to be an adult.  You aren’t that important, no more so than me.”

Roger stared at Amanda and she defiantly stared back at him. Behind her, Amanda-Lynne heard the sliding doors open and the laughter of two men.  She turned and stormed out between them.

“What was that all about?” asked Stephen.

“She said I wasn’t important and to…get over myself?” Roger looked confused.

Gavin laughed and looked at Stephen who followed with his own gales of guffaws. 

Stephen looked at his son, “She put it well. You are still young. Enjoy life. There is plenty of time to be a stuffed shirt popinjay.  Right now have fun.  Get over yourself. Go out there and enjoy the barbeque with the rest of the family and most of all, relax and be pleasurable.”

Roger looked at his dad with merriment in his eyes and left the condo.

“Man, I am glad I don’t have to deal with that.” Gavin whispered.

“What are you talking about?  He is pining for the daughter of the woman you want to marry?  You, my younger brother, are in the middle of it.” Stephen laughed at the blanched look on Gavin’s face and poured him a whiskey.

“Here Rowen, drink this.” Gavin downed the drink in one quick gulp and held it out for a refill. Stephen laughed as he refilled his glass. “Not so brave now are you?”

Gavin looked at him and downed the drink. He flashed one of his infamous lopsided grins.  Stephen laughed and together they left the condo.

CHAPTER XVIII

Feeling refreshed and fully relaxed, Bronwyn stretched and yawned.  For the first time since before her divorce, or marriage for that matter, Ronnee felt completely and utterly free.  She felt like nothing in the world could bother her or upset her.  Ronnee looked at the alarm clock and yawned again. She felt so delicious, so sensual, so peaceful.  Never in her life had she felt as such.

Upon hearing the soft knock on her door, she sat up in bed, “Enter.”

Steve walked in, his face slightly swollen with a cut lip and there was another laceration on the corner of his eye. Both from the landed punches of Gavin, his pride bruised but his heart bound and determined not to lose, no matter what he had to do.  As he walked to the bed and into the dim light of the bedside lamp, a plan formulated.

“Oh, Steve what happened!?”  Ronnee’s concern was genuine, for she and Steve had been friends forever and she felt guilty about the things that were going on in her life right now.

“That brute that you seem to favor.” Steve left the rest unsaid.

“Gavin did this to you?”

“I sure as hell didn’t do it to myself.” Steve eyes were hard. Immediate contrition settled in, “I am sorry I didn’t mean to take this out on you. I’m a little sore about it.”

Ronnee rose from the bed, “Here lie down while I will grab some ice.”  Her eyes were cruel as she left the bedroom. “That son of a bitch.” she muttered under her breath, “He can’t go around doing this. I am not his piece of property as he keeps saying, but I guess I never believed. He is no better than my ex.  Solve everything with violence.  Next he will be hitting me.”  Ronnee grimaced with memories.

Ronnee went to the freezer and filled a baggie with ice.  She stopped and grabbed a soft dishtowel and a coke and took them into the bedroom to Steve.  Steve had propped himself up on a pillow and was holding his head.

“I am sorry, would ya get me some Tylenol? I seem to have developed a headache.” Steve asked softly.

“Sure no problem.” Ronnee retrieved the Tylenol and sat on the bed next to Steve.  She took the ice bag and wrapped the towel around it and placed it on the side of his head, “Here hold that and I will get your drink ready.” Ronnee handed him the pills and drink.

After Steve swallowed the pills, Ronnee ventured to ask, “Why?”

“I don’t know.  I was walking by the building and next thing I know I was pinned against it and he was hitting me.” Steve conveniently left out what he had said to Gavin and the fact that Steve actually threw the first punch.
 
“I am so sorry.  I had no idea.”  The sadness in Ronnee’s eyes was almost enough to make Steve regret what he was doing.

“Hey look, let’s lay here and watch TV.  We have two hours until we have to leave.  I told you earlier that I had planned a surprise for tonight.”  Steve raised her hand to his mouth, “Something fit for a queen.”

Ronnee blushed and realized that she was being bounced back and forth as these men fought to control her. “I need to go shower then. Please excuse my leave.”  Ronnee bowed.  “My lord.”  When she righted, Steve could see the laughter in her eyes.

“You keep ‘my lording’ me like that I will show you what it does to me.”  Steve eyes were soft with passion.  Ronnee swallowed.  Inasmuch she hated what Gavin did to Steve, she couldn’t change her feelings. No, she thought, I let love rule my life once before and I paid miserably for it. I will not make that mistake again.

“Well, stay out here and rest.” She grabbed a towel and fairly ran to the shower, making sure to lock the door behind her.

Several hours later, the group was on their way to Medieval Knights.  Ronnee had always been fascinated by that era of history and Steve had planned this evening just for her.  He made sure that he had reservations for everyone, albeit he only paid for himself, Ronnee and their kids.  They were seated in the Royalty section with Ronnee sitting in the “Queen’s Chair”.  He found this dinner show while he was browsing through pamphlets at the front office of the condos. It is supposed to be privately owned and funded so the shows changed constantly.  There wasn’t a “chain” to it and Steve thought it would be better.

As they pulled in the children were filling the vehicles with ‘oohs and ahhhss’ at the splendor of the castle.  Ronnee was reading out loud to their carload, “This castle is a mini-replica of one that the owning family had back in the 15th Century.  This land is owned by the family and they love to play “knight” so they started this business.  It is completely family owned and operated.  They even raise their own horses. Some of which are supposed to go back to the stock that was used in the 1500’s” Ronnee read more of the pamphlet to herself.

They found a parking spot and pulled in. Steve arrived early for he knew Ronnee’s penchant for horses and that she would want to seek them out  Heck, if she had a chance she would climb into the stall with one of the brutes and ride him out.

Everyone piled out of the cars and Ronnee had to take off after Keene and Ryder as they ran to the open stables. “Wait boys, you can’t run off.  Damn. Be right back.” She threw over her shoulder.

Ryder was the first one to arrive at the stables and he saw Gavin standing in a stall grooming a large black stallion.  Gavin had a total look of surprise on his face when he saw Ryder. “Ryder, how are you? Is your mother here?”

“Ya, she is back there.  Man, why did you beat up Steve.  Mom is pissed.” Ryder asked.

“I never beat him up.” Gavin began, “He said some very unsightly things regarding your mother and I.  I was fine until he said one certain thing. I didn’t hit him though until he hit me first.”

“I knew you were cool.” Ryder smiled.

“Hey do me a favor, don’t tell your mother I am here, or anyone else for that matter. Where are you sitting?”

“I dunno. Steve kissed Momma’s hand and said she would be treated like a queen tonight.”  Gavin smiled for he knew what that meant.  

“Run along now Ryder and remember…not a word, please?” Gavin begged and pleaded.

“I promise.” Gavin heard as he disappeared inside.

“Who were you talking to?” Asked Keene, who wandered over to Ryder.

“No one. Let’s behave real good for Momma tonight ok?”

“Why?” Keene asked as if this was an odd request.

“Because, I think this is going to be a good night and I don’t want to ruin it.”  Ryder patted his younger brother on his shoulders. “Come on let’s get back and hold Momma’s hands.”

Much to her consternation, Ronnee felt the two boys grab her hands and she looked down, “Momma, we won’t run off anymore.” Keene said with a big smile, his freckled nose wrinkled. Ronnee looked around her.

“What are you looking for?” Ryder asked with concern.

“My sons, they seem to have disappeared.” Ronnee said in jest.

Keene, being the youngest, didn’t understand right away, “We are right here, Momma.”  He looked up and saw her grin. “You were just joshing us, huh Mommy?”  Ronnee laughed and ruffled her young charges hair.

***

Gavin and his brothers were at the Medieval Knights castle dressing for the show.  Every once in a while the Armstrong family themselves worked the show.  Since some of the stories were based upon his ancestors, Gavin felt honored to participate and enjoyed these special nights.  There were several shows, which were mostly standard except for when some of the family was in town.

The large Frisian stallion Gavin was grooming came from England and the Armstrong Estates that the original Gavin Armstrong expanded on in the 1500s.  The stallion was from the original stock as far as they could tell.  His pedigree could be traced back to the 1200s. Gavin loved this stallion and loved the challenge in riding him.  He was briskly brushing the stud readying him for tonight’s performance thinking about what happened today. Ronnee was safely in her room, Gavin saw to that. He wondered if she woke yet, or would sleep all night. He was upset with himself for not checking on her before he left. When he went back to his room after the fight and after about thirty minutes of questions and answers from his family, Gavin crashed fairly hard. He didn’t wake up until Henry woke him to shower for the show tonight. Gavin was deep in thought when he noticed Ryder walking up.  Gavin was happy to see him until he looked over Ryder’s head during their conversation and saw Ronnee with that man. Anger shot through his body, but as he spoke with Ryder, he formulated a plan.  After excusing himself from Ryder he ran inside to dress.

Since there were four brothers here and the tale was of four brothers jousting for the attention of their queen, all of the brothers had a place in the show.  This show was Henry’s first. Gavin went to each of the knights in the show and told them what he had planned and what to do.  A smile crept across his face as he lowered his face plate.

Nervousness, as always, seeped deep into Gavin.  He knew this was dangerous, but somehow he felt complete in his armor and a lance in his hand.  It was strange, he knew, but he had always loved the medieval era.

The lights dimmed and Ronnee’s excitement grew.  Her thoughts of Gavin were minimal as she noticed the beauty of the surroundings and the fact that she was the Queen for the night and was receiving extra attention.  Everyone had a favor that they were to tie to the arm or lance of their favorite knight and the knights had roses. The knight with the most favors and the lady with the most roses were crowned King and Queen of the Court.  

The lights dimmed and then the announcer, a jongleur of sorts, was walking through the isle ways introducing himself and the show. He told of their dinner and what to expect and how to eat it; how there wasn’t forks in the early 1500s, just knives and spoons. He spoke of the show and how the four Armstrong brothers were going to prove to their queen that they were the bravest and strongest knights.  He spoke of the challenging knights.  He explained of the Banners and what they meant.  He explained to the ladies what the ribbons and lace was for.  He also told of how the King and Queen of the Court were going to be elected.  The lights dimmed and the show began.

Ronnee had never seen anything so beautiful in her life.  She felt like an ugly duckling next to the servers. She admired the dresses and their tiny waists. Ronnee heard the name Armstrong but never thought anything of it. Her, Beth and Catie talked in detail about the beauty of the décor.  

The curtains parted and the most beautifully decorated horses emerged entering in rows.  Each row began with a knight carrying the banner of that family. The jongleur explained each banner as it came through and the name and history of the family.  Each lead knight stopped in front of Bronwyn, much to her surprise and bowed their head and banner in respect for her ‘royalty’.  After the procession was through, the servers brought the food and the games began.

Chatter was continual.  Everyone was amazed at the skillfulness of each knight. The sword fights were first. The clanging echoed about the carnivorous room.  Next came an ax tossing contest, which to the terror of those next to the target, was quite amusing and well done.  Here and there a favor was tied to a knight’s lance or arm or somewhere on his horse as the women found their favorite.  Usually the winner received the favors.  The Armstrongs rarely lost.

When it came time for the joust, the knights galloped back into the arena, all twenty of them and started distributing roses.  Ronnee’s cheeks blushed in embarrassment as she was given many roses.  She looked at Steve and blushed even deeper as he raised her hand and kissed the back, an action that Gavin didn’t miss.

The jongleur came to Ronnee’s side and asked her who she was going to give her favor to.  She looked at her table and realized that it was still there.  She was so engrossed in the show that she forgot.  Ronnee looked around at the tables and realized that she was one of the few who had not rewarded a knight with her favor.  Twenty knights were mounted in front of her, sitting tall in their saddles with their lances tips pointing to the heavens. She spoke softly into the microphone, “I reserve my favor for the winner of tonight’s joust.”  The crowd roared as if she did something magnanimous.  The knights bowed their heads to her and rode out.

Two by two they returned and took the opposite ends of the field. Ronnee watched as one knight fell several others and worried for their safety. Scores were kept and tallies added and when the final round came about it was Armstrong verses Armstrong.  They each rushed three times and each broke a lance.  The score was tied.  

As if the jongleur knew what was going to happen, he showed back up at Ronnee’s side.  “My Queen, you must pick the winner. Please give your favor to the knight of your choice.” 

Ronnee deepened in her blush. She looked at both knights but was drawn to one.  She nodded to him and he came forth and lowered his lance. She tied the favor to his lance.  She watched as he tossed the lance to the other knight and drew his sword.  He moved the stallion closer to her and leaned over and stretched his arm and sword across the table.  He let the rose he was still holding slide down the sword to her waiting hand.  

Ronnee experienced a rush she hadn’t encountered before. She had never seen anything so romantic in her life. But this man was nothing, this is just a show, she reasoned with herself as she caught the rose. The knight re-sheathed his sword

Gavin kneed his stallion to sidle closer to Ronnee, his eyes never leaving hers.  He leaned over as far as he dared with the heavy armor and held out his steel covered, gloved hand. Ronnee reached her hand to his and watched as the knight touched his face plate to her knuckles in reverence. Gavin reached up and lifted the face plate with his other hand and lightly kissed her knuckles.  Ronnee knees went weak.  When he released her hand the roar was deafening at the approval of the crowd.  He looked again into her eyes and for the first time, Ronnee saw his face.

Gavin sat upright in the saddle and looked over at Steve. He grabbed the sword out of the scabbard again and placed the tip under Steve’s chin.  “I told you,” his voice booming through the arena, “not to touch what you cannot have and what is mine.  This is your last warning.”

Ronnee was still in shock as she slowly processed the scene taking place around her. Before she knew it the Jongleur/announcer had declared her and Gavin King and Queen of the Court and she was being hauled onto the horse’s back.  She was pulled into the saddle in front of Gavin.  His horse prancing nervously for this was not part of what he was used to.  Gavin took off his helmet and kissed Ronnee soundly, his tongue searching for hers, his gloved fingers tangling in her loose hair.  

The crowd went crazy and started applauding and cheering.  To Gavin’s surprise his stallion reared up and he fought to maintain control.  Ronnee held on tight as he galloped around the arena. Stephen, who was the other knight, was holding the famous Armstrong Black panthers and handed them to Gavin as he galloped past.  Gavin controlled the horse, held on to Ronnee and waved the banner high. His pride was great that eve.  After a couple of laps, they galloped out of the area and into the private enclosure.

Gavin halted the stallion in a sliding stop and leaned down and kissed Ronnee again, with more passion and fierceness than earlier. “I told you, I love you and you are mine. What were you doing here with him?”

Ronnee was beginning to recover from tonight’s excitement.  “You beat him up! Explain that to me.”

Gavin let her slide to the ground and he dismounted. “I never beat him up. Follow me. This outfit is hotter than hell. How my ancestors ever wore this every day is beyond me.”

“Maybe they weren’t such soft men.” She responded rebelliously.

Gavin turned back to her on that comment, “Soft? You think I am soft? You weren’t thinking that this morning. I will be willing to bet you will not be thinking that this evening either.” He said with glee in his eyes. They walked over towards the tack rooms and offices, leading the stallion.

A few of the boys that were in the show came over to help Gavin remove his armor. Once the steel was detached, there was the wool and leather padding.  After everything was removed, Gavin stood in his shorts, swathed in sweat.  His golden skin shimmered in the light.  He looked like what she would imagine his namesake would.  His muscles were cut from the strain of the armor and, she surmised, from showing off.  

Henry came to take the stallion but Ronnee pulled the reins back from him. “I would like to ride him.” Ronnee said as she swung a leg over.

Gavin gasped and made a move to grab the horse, but she was already loping through the warm up arena.  He stood there with his mouth gaping as Henry said, “I’ll be damned.”

Ronnee slowed the horse to a walk and rode over to Gavin, “What is your problem? Haven’t you ever seen a girl ride a horse?”

Henry was the first to recover, “Trevelyn’s Nightmare hasn’t ever let but a few select men on his back, much less a woman. He is pretty rough and headstrong.  It’s all Gavin can do to control him sometimes.” Gavin was unmoving, standing with his mouth open.

Ronnee laughed as she dismounted, “This ole baby, you just have to know how to talk to him.  He is a teddy bear.” As if to accentuate her words Nitey, as he was dubbed, lowered his head and rubbed his long thick forelock against her chest.

Gavin smiled and broke his silence, “At least he knows how to tell if you are a woman.” 

Gavin laughed as he led the stallion away to his stall.  Ronnee was rubbing her sore chest for the stallion had rubbed a bit hard. She walked about petting several of the other horses and even helped groom and un-tack. Horses were her great love and she always enjoyed any time she spent with them. Stephen and Ronnee chatted for a bit and she found her self liking this man greatly. He was a jokester and enjoyed his taunts and harassments. 

Stephen found himself amazed at this woman. She handled the stallions like they were Shetland ponies and revered their beauty. She knew what she was doing when it came to horses. Her conversation could be racy or carry an intellectual aspect that surprised him. She was intelligent and had wit about her. Stephen came to the realization that this woman is exactly what his brother needed. He learned that she neither needed nor wanted someone to take care of her, that she worked hard to pay for things herself. Yet, Stephen saw what Gavin did; no one needed taking care of more than this woman. Stephen knew that she loved his brother and, from the look in her eyes, was lost to him forever. Stephen smiled. She wasn’t a great beauty, but he saw the beauty deep inside that would rival anyone

When Gavin returned, he had showered and was dressed in a pair of shorts and a polo shirt that said Armstrong Estates on one side with the Armstrong Leopard banner insignia on the other.  His flip flops made him seem normal and not so rich.  He walked over and put his arm about her shoulders and pulled her into an empty stall for another kiss, “I cannot get enough of you.”

She pushed him back, “Would you quit pawing me?” she said with halfhearted meaning.

“Never.” Gavin stated with a wink. “Let’s go get the kids.”

“Oh no. The kids, Steve.” Ronnee worried.

“You are not planning to go back with that buffoon are you?”

“Gavin your jealousy is most unappealing.  I have to tell him, I have to face this and tell him.  It isn’t fair to him.”

“If you only knew the things he said that caused me to lash out at him. But I will leave it at that.  I will meet you back at the condo.  Go straight there.”

“Gavin Rowen Armstrong, you are not my boss.” Ronnee said with vehemence.

“No, but I own you.” He retorted flatly.

“You do not,” was all Ronnee could get out before he lowered his lips to quiet hers. His tongue flirted along her mouth, his hand massaged her breast.  His other hand wrapped itself into her hair and turned her head so that he could kiss her deeper.

He let go of her breast and grabbed her buttocks and pushed her closer to him, grinding her hips to his.   A moan emitted from deep inside the depths of Ronnee.  Her knees weakened and she leaned her whole weight upon Gavin.

Gavin chuckled as he let her go and kissed her nose. He had to support her for a few moments, and then pushed her towards the door.  He slapped her butt as she walked out to the van. “Tell me I don’t own you.”  The smile left his face as he wiped his sweating hands on his shorts and reached down to adjust himself.  He grabbed a towel from a passing boy and wiped his hands again and as well as his face. “I am not sure how much more of this I can take. I need her for a week alone. Get this out of my system.” He wiped his forehead again and walked to a leaving Stephen to catch a ride back to the condo.

Ronnee quietly walked back to the van where Steve was standing smoking a cigarette with Caitlyn and Elizabeth.  The kids were over by the stables excitedly petting the horses’ heads and talking about tonight’s exhilaration.  Upon seeing Ronnee, Steve crushed his cigarette and turned to leave.

“Wait, Steve, wait.”  Ronnee hollered as she broke into a run.

“What the hell do you want?  Haven’t you embarrassed me enough?”

Ronnee reached him and grabbed his arm, which Steve roughly jerked back. “I need to talk to you.”

“I think there is someone else you would rather talk to.  Did you have fun planning this at my expense?”  The ire in Steve’s voice dripped thickly.

“Planned? Did you forget that I had no idea where we were going?  How could I plan something if I didn’t know anything about it?”

Her words seemed to have stopped Steve and he sighed.  “I am sorry.  I wanted this evening to be perfect.  Needless to say, it wasn’t.”

Ronnee saw the hurt portrayed in his eyes as he looked at her.  Her heart sunk, for to her this evening was perfect, but to him, it was a complete disaster. “I am sorry. I had no idea.  Go for a walk?  The hotel isn’t far.  I will ask Catie and Beth if they can drive the van back and watch the kids again.”

“Sure.  I am not going to get jumped am I?” Ronnee looked aghast at his query. Her look of disgust for him even thinking that she would plan something like that shot dagger. She stared at him and then saw his mouth start to quiver.  Steve knew, no matter what has happened that Ronnee would never intentionally hurt him.  They had been friends for far too long.  

Seeing his mouth turn north, Ronnee slapped his arm, “I can’t believe you said that!”

“Ow!  That is assault.”  He laughed back at her.

“I will show you assault,” Ronnee said as she started after him.  They always did have such fun together.  Ronnee dove at Steve and he easily caught her arms and pinned them. Their current troubles forgotten, once again things were normal to Steve.  Ronnee stopped struggling against Steve and started crying.  Her tears leapt forward with vengeance at the horrible week they experienced.

She wrapped her arms about Steve’s neck and cried, “I am so sorry. I would never have hurt you. I tried…” Ronnee began as she started to rack with sobs, “I tried to tell you a month or so ago…Snod Grass Hill.  I suspected that things were over…between Gavin…Gavin never called…I just thought you and I were more suitable…”  Ronnee tucked her head into Steve’s neck and cried mumbling over and over, “I am so sorry.”

Steve held her and fought his wrenching heart. He knew deep inside that she didn’t plan any of this.  He knew that she wouldn’t hurt a soul intentionally, especially not him.  He held her and stroked her head and fought the occasional tear.  He knew that this would be the last time he would be able to hold her.  After a few minutes, Ronnee seemed to gather some composure and Steve grabbed her hand and led her off to the distant sound of the beach.  Steve looked back and noticed that the van was gone.  He muttered to himself about the daring of Catie to take his van without asking.  He smiled, she always knew what she was doing.

Ronnee and Steve crossed the street and walked down the boardwalk to the waiting soft sand.  They traveled slowly holding hands until they reached the surf.  There they sat in the night cooled sand and removed their shoes.  A word not needed to be said, for each was heavy in thought.  

Steve was the first to break the silence.  “Are you in love with him?”

“I don’t know. You know I don’t want to believe in all that riffraff.  Not after what happened to me last time I thought I was in love.  I just know that I can’t be without him. I think of him all the time.”  She smiled softly, “Please do not be mad, but there were a couple of times when we kissed that I was hoping you would take my mind off of him.  That night,” she needed not say which night she was referring to, “I think that I thought that if we did something that I would realize that Gavin was just another normal person and there wasn’t anything special about him.”

Steve raised his eyebrows to ask his question.

Ronnee looked at him and saw the question and knew she couldn’t avoid answering. “Yes it was wonderful, well, what I can remember. Perhaps a bit rougher, than I expected. I can’t help but to wonder if most of it wasn’t the drink. It just lacked the, I am not sure how to put it…”

“Fireworks?”

“Ya, that sounds about right. I am so sorry, Steve.  We have always been there for each other and I guess in many ways I see you as a big brother. I love you, but…”

“You’re not in love with me.” Steve finished for her. Ronnee looked over and uncomfortably smiled, slowly nodding realizing this for herself for the first time.

“Aww its ok Ronnee-Lee.” Steve wrapped his arms about Ronnee and held her.  How he wanted her right now on the sand.  The moonlit beach, the waves seductively lapping against the beach and Ronnee sitting there with an almost innocent childlike aura about her.  Steve steeled himself for he was becoming aroused.  She pulled her head off his shoulder and looked at him.  Steve lowered his head to kiss her, but he stopped.  The look of surprise on her face made him laugh.

“What is so funny?”

“You’re alluring and tempting sitting there like that.  I almost fell into the trap of desire again.  We had better go.  I know that your beloved will be waiting.”

Ronnee wrapped her arms about him, “How did I ever deserve someone like you for a best friend?”

Steve laughed and helped her stand.  They walked as far as they could through the sand.  Their banter light and catty.  They carried their shoes and ran through the surf.  At the next large boardwalk they turned up and walked to the condos.  Gavin was there leaning nonchalantly against the wall. The laughter stopped at the sight of the formidable man. Gavin didn’t move, the scowl on his face was even obvious from behind the shadows in which he stood.

Ronnee hesitated and then moved forward.  She hugged Gavin but at first he didn’t respond but was propped against the wall, rigid and tense.  Steve knew what was going on.  It was time to set things straight.

Steve walked up to Gavin with his hand extended. “The best man won. Try as I might, I could not beat true love.  Take care of her, because if you ever drop her, I will be there to make the catch.”

Gavin hesitated at accepting the extended appendage.  Slowly the words spoken sunk into his thick skull and a smile spread across his handsome face. He leaned forward and grasped the waiting hand. “I am sorry for my roughness.  I am protective of what is mine.”

“I am not…” Ronnee began before a large hand covered her mouth.

Gavin stood upright and enjoyed a few moments of light prattle with this former adversary.  Under other circumstances, Gavin could find himself befriending this man.  Perhaps later; right now he didn’t fully trust him.  Gavin’s hand left Ronnee’s mouth after she licked his palm and playfully nipped it.  His concentration on the male conversation was waning, so he moved his arm about her shoulders and pulled her close.

Steve bid his farewell and went to the condo to retire for the night.  Gavin watched the man as he turned the corner and then grasped Ronnee tightly to him. “Have you no idea what I thought when I saw you two walking up enjoying each other’s company like beau and beauty?”

“Steve and I have always gotten along famously. Like I told him, I love him, but I feel it is more like brotherly love.”  Ronnee’s windswept hair covered her face, making it hard for Gavin to see her eyes.  As Ronnee poised herself in front of him, Gavin felt an overwhelming urge and moved the hair away, leaning down he encompassed her mouth with his.  The kiss, however brief, left nothing to be said.  He loved her with his heart and soul. Ronnee felt more emotion in that one kiss than she had experienced in her lifetime of dating and marriage.

“I love you with all my heart and soul,” Gavin whispered softly against her lips.  He laced his fingers within hers and led her to her condo. “I am not sure if I can deal with the fact that I know he is sleeping in there.”  Gavin’s face was stern. Ronnee stopped and jerked his around.

“You have to get over your jealousy.  It is most unbecoming. We cannot stay together around the kids.  He sleeps on the couch, I sleep in a bedroom with two girls.  I am safe. Gavin I love you. I could have picked the safe, easy way.  The way I thought I was worthy of, but I didn’t.  I picked the most arrogant, stuffed shirt, difficult man on the face of the earth.”  Ronnee finished on her tip toes with her hands on her hips.  She was nose to nose, almost, for he was still a bit taller.  Her face serious, until a twitch started at the corner of her mouth.  She leaned up a bit further and licked the tip of his nose.  The action broke the trance that Gavin was in. Ronnee bolted with amazing quickness back to the beach, dropping her sandals and running as fast as her legs could carry her.

“You wench!” Gavin hollered as he chased her towards the ocean waters.  Ronnee found herself cornered between the pier, the ocean and Gavin. He was quick on his feet and she couldn’t seem to get away.  Her sides heaved and ached with a stitch but the laughter wouldn’t stop.  Ronnee leaned over to try and catch her breath. Gavin saw his chance ran in and grabbed her.  He threw her over his shoulder, head hanging down towards his buttocks.  She was a little heavy, but he didn’t mind.

Ronnee was surprised for she didn’t even see or hear Gavin come at her.  Next thing she knew she was hanging upside down looking at his bum.  A nice butt she thought and then smiled as she reached down to grab those boxer briefs she saw peeping out of the top of his shorts.  She didn’t stop her minute struggles, for she didn’t want him to get suspicious.  Wedgie time, she smiled to herself.

Gavin was walking towards the surf.  Holding on tight, he gave her hind end a resounding smack, “This is for making me worry. This one is for…” Gavin had to think for a moment. Surely, there were numerous things he had to punish her for.  As he was standing in almost knee deep surf, he felt Ronnee’s hand move, “Oh NO, you don’t!” Gavin yelled as he surreptitiously dumped her into the ocean…bottom first.

The water was cold at first, but Ronnee didn’t mind.  She bounded back to her feet and leaped at Gavin like she had seen football lineman do numerous times.  Gavin, who was trying desperately to rid his face of the foamy surf, didn’t see her coming until she hit him.  They both fell back several feet with a thud into the moving waters.

Gavin lay still for a moment, hanging onto Ronnee, not letting her rise.  She had knocked him far enough towards the beach that the waves were just licking their legs and buttocks with an occasional swell running about Gavin’s shoulders.  Gavin tangled his fingers into her wet hair and roughly pulled her face to his.  He kissed her so hard that Ronnee could feel her toes curl. Gavin rolled Ronnee over so that he was on top.  His knee separated her legs, his thigh rubbing her aching spot.  Ronnee gasped when Gavin’s hand roughly sought her breast and she heard material rip as he fought to free them from their restraints.  Gavin removed his lips from her and nipped and nibbled down her salty neck and to her breasts.  He had managed to tear the bra strap off and exposed the flesh for him to taste.  Ronnee was so caught up in what was happening, that she didn’t realize Gavin was immobile upon her and until he whispered, “Ronnee, get up. Cover up and get up.”  

Slowly Ronnee came to being and saw someone standing above them with a flashlight shining into her eyes.  How she didn’t notice sooner, was beyond her comprehension.  Gavin had stood and was offering her a hand.

The Beach Patrol Police Officer held his position with a grin on his face that showed his extreme amusement at the situation. “Aren’t you a little old for this?”

Gavin cocked his grin, “Never to old.”

The man guffawed and cackled much more than was needed.  Ronnee, now standing, was hiding half way behind Gavin, holding onto his hands for dear life.  She had never been so embarrassed before. She was an adult, what the hell was she doing?

Gavin could feel Ronnee’s death grip upon his hand. In fact his hand was feeling a bit numb.  “I am sorry Officer,” Gavin began with reverence in his voice, “I guess I admit we were carried away in our throes of passion. With such beauty, I can but wonder how I make it from one place to the next.” Ronnee kicked him hard in the calf, “Ow.” He muttered. 

Gavin leaned and noticed the officer’s name badge, “Officer Sundquist, May we speak over here?”

“I should charge you with indecent exposure, inappropriate behavior, disorderly conduct.” Officer Sundquist said, trying to keep his mind from drowning in laughter.

Gavin spoke again, “May we speak away from the lady?”

Officer Sundquist relented and the two men walked off a short distance, but not before Gavin shot Ronnee a look that put her into submission.  After a moment, they shook hands and Gavin returned.

“I guess we should head back to the condos.” He grasped her hand again, not wanting to be separate from her.

“What did you talk about?  Your conquests? Something at my expense?” Ronnee asked as she tried to pull away from Gavin’s hold on her hand.

Gavin jerked Ronnee around, “What have I done to make you think that I am a braggart?”

Ronnee felt immediately chastised, “I am sorry. Just old worries coming back. Please forgive me.”

Gavin put his arm about Ronnee and told her about the time Stephen cut his saddle girth and he had to fight to stay on, or be trampled.  Ronnee listened intently, laughing at the funny spots, awing at the scary spots and was completely amazed that the brothers never killed each other with their antics. Gavin kissed Ronnee goodnight on her cheek and they retired, in separate condos for the night, without a word about Steve.

CHAPTER XIX

The next morning Ronnee woke late.  Steve had breakfast cooked and it smelled heavenly. Ronnee took a quick shower and joined everyone in the dining room.  In the middle of breakfast, Gavin walked in and helped himself to Ronnee’s bacon as he kissed the back of her neck.

“Sleep well, my dear?”

“Like a baby.”  Ronnee eyed Steve worriedly wondering what he was thinking.  Was he going to get upset at the bravado of Gavin for Gavin didn’t even knock.

“Steve, may I speak with you outside?”

Steve did a mock hold up scene, with his hands in the air, “I didn’t touch her, I swear.”

Gavin laughed and exited the sliding glass door with Steve close behind.

“So what did you two do last night, Mom?”  Amanda was a bit perturbed that her mother hadn’t spent more time with her.  

“I spoke with Steve for a bit, then Gavin and I went to the beach.” Her faced turned red at the memory of being caught.

“Uhuh, and what else?” She asked insolently 

“It’s none of your damned business.  I slept here last night, if that is what you were referring to.” Ronnee returned calmly trying to fighter her anger.

“You have done nothing but flirt with men, well, Steve and Gavin, we haven’t done anything together.”

“Remember the amusement park, dinners, pool, beaches, games, etc?”  Ronnee was getting irritated now.

“Not the same.”

Ronnee came unglued, “Why you selfish brat! I can’t believe this.  I work my fingers to the bone…” Ronnee felt a hand on her shoulder. She didn’t hear the door reopen and the two men reenter because of the argument they heard outside.

“Amanda is there a problem here?” Gavin’s deep voice resonated.

“Yes there is, you and my mom.” She stomped out and slammed the door.  Ronnee looked up at Gavin and started to cry.

“Here Steve, watch Ronnee, I need to go give an attitude adjustment.”  He basically handed Ronnee over to Steve and Steve walked her to the couch and held her while she cried.

“Don’t you touch her,” Ronnee cried after digesting Gavin’s words.

Gavin walked out the back and looked around, Amanda was crossing the pathway to the store.  “Amanda Lynne Traversham, get back here!” He hollered.

Amanda stopped, turned around and gave Gavin a look that withered him, “You are not my dad.” She began.

Gavin became infuriated and in three long strides caught Amanda by her arm, “I am not your father, however, I can be your friend and sounding board and pray that one day you will love me and think of me as a father and bless me with that privilege. Now come over here and sit down so we may talk.”  He gripped a bit harder.

“You are hurting me.”

“Then quit fighting me.  You are incredibly spoiled but you are going to have to learn that you cannot speak to adults that way.” Gavin said keeping his tone calm.

Finally, Amanda gave up and followed him to the lounge chairs by the pool. “What do you want?” She said a bit stiffly.

“I want you to back off of your mother.”

“What do you know?” Amanda crunched her eyebrows together in an effort to look mean. “You come into our lives for a few days, leave. Come back and interrupt everything, and leave. Then low and behold, here’s the mighty Gavin again, sticking his nose into our business.”

Gavin lowered his voice so that Amanda had to strain to hear it.  The anger that was in his tone made it deep and gravelly, “I know that I have tried to do my best. I do not have to explain myself to you and neither does your mother.  You are a child and will be treated as such.  Your mother has nothing but the best concerns for you and your brothers in everything she does.  Yes, things have been a bit weird lately.  But that is not as much her fault as mine.”  Gavin took a deep breath. “I love your mother. She loves me. I believe that you are old enough and have a good enough grasp on the facts of life to know what adults do.  

“If it was up to me, you and your mother would have been with me last night in my condo.  But it was not what she wanted and I respect her immensely for it.  She doesn’t want to be a bad example for you three, so she foregoes pleasure and her wants and desires to make sure that you are kept in as wholesome an environment as can be had.”

 Gavin took a deep breath, his posture changed. Once again his face softened, “You are a most trying young lady. However, that is not your fault, that is your mothers.”

Amanda finally smiled a little. “What is a sounding board?” She asked hesitantly.

Gavin relieved that the conflict was over, “A confidant.”

“Why didn’t you just say so?”  Amanda looked so innocent with her question that Gavin laughed.

“I did.  You need to expand your vocabulary.”  Gavin stood up and offered her his hand. “Peace? With me, your brothers, your mother and anyone else you are going to scoff?”

Amanda had that look again, so Gavin added, “Harass, make fun of, poke at, or generally annoy the crap out of.” 

Amanda smiled and took his hand and followed him docilely to the condo. When they started to enter, Gavin jerked her back outside, “When does school start?”

“In three weeks.”

“Ok. We are going on a trip.  I need a vacation from this vacation. Not a word to your mother. Get everything packed for you and the boys and clean up the bloody mess in there.” Gavin shoved her in. “Remember, shhh.”

Gavin disappeared and returned to his own condo. Time to show those children what the rest of the world, well at least part, lived like.  He was taking them back to Victoriaand then on to their estates in England, where all would be waited on and he can relax.

CHAPTER XX

Keene and Ryder were spellbound at the private family jet.  Amanda had hid herself in the back as soon as she found out that Roger was aboard as well. Amanda-Nicole was rather put out that Amanda-Lynne was able to travel on a private jet and to see Henry constantly. “Hands off, he’s mine.” Was the threat that Amanda-Nicole left with her best friend.

Ronnee and Gavin were seated up front with the other adults.  Keene, Ryder and the rest of the younger generation were in the back playing video games, watching movies or playing Monopoly.

“It is nice finally meeting you.  I spoke to you once and have heard quite a bit about you.” Maggie said with sincerity. 

Ronnee immediately liked this woman and meekly responded. “Thank you, nice meeting you as well.”

Gavin finished introducing his family, but when it came to Henry and Roger, he couldn’t find them until he looked in the back, laughing he said, “I guess Amanda could tell you who they are.  The dark boy is my little brother, Henry Trevelyan and the other is Roger Bentley, Stephen’s oldest boy.”

“I don’t claim children, I am much too young.” Stephen laughed, as he was always the comedian.

Ronnee felt a migraine coming on hard. She swayed in her seat and her head pounded.

“My dear,” Jamie began, “are you ok?”  Ronnee managed to raise her head to look at Gavin’s incredibly handsome father. She nodded yes as she held her head between her hands.

“She must be having another migraine.” Gavin said as he led her to some more seats. “Come here and lay down.” He pulled up the arms of the chairs and helped her stretch across. After a light kiss on the forehead, Gavin said, “I will be right back.”

Gavin strode to the front of the plane and asked for some pain pills from his mother, for Maggie had migraine problems as well. After grabbing a Sprite for Ronnee to wash the pill down, Gavin sat at Ronnee’s head and pulled her head into his lap. He fed her the pill and soda and then covered her up.  He stroked her hair and wiped the tears of pain that leaked from Ronnee’s eyes.  He looked up at his mother with such concern on his face that her face was ashen  

Ronnee woke as the plane landed.  Maggie had the pilot call ahead and the limo was waiting at the bottom of the stairs.  Ronnee’s head pounded and ached, the pill had done little but allow her to sleep. Gavin helped her exit the plane and carried her to the limo.  After placing her inside, he told Stephen he was going to take her to the emergency room and asked if he would please watch the children.

Ronnee woke again as she was being put onto a stretcher. “Where am I?” she asked in a weak voice. 

“We are at the emergency room?”

“No, I have no insurance. I can’t afford this. We have to leave.” She pleaded raggedly.

“Will do no such stupid thing,” Gavin said as he handed the clerk his credit card and his business card. “Make sure they run the appropriate tests.” Gavin instructed the nurse as if she was an employee.

Ronnee faded in and out of sleep.  The pill made her sleep, but when ever she woke the pain was unbearable.  Gavin wasn’t supposed to be allowed in the back since he was of no relation, however, since his family donated millions to the hospital, he received freedoms others didn’t.

Gavin stood upon entry and shook the hand of his life long friend, “Thank you for coming Mitch. Her migraines are horrid.  This one is particularly bad. I gave her one of Mom’s pills.”

Mitch shook hands with his friend and then shook his head, “Gavin, I don’t want to hear that, just write down the name for me.” He laughed and then continued, “No problem, I am pulling an E.R. shift tonight, so I happened to be here. Every once in awhile I have to get away from my area of expertise. It can be very depressing.”

Ronnee opened her eyes to a moderately nice looking man.  He was shorter by far than Gavin, more her height she guessed.  He was balding but had the cutest smile and the nicest hazel eyes.

“Hello, Bronwyn. I am Dr. Mitch Oliver. We ran some tests and I will call you when they have been reviewed. I have given you a couple of shots and here is a prescription. No sex for 24 hours.” Mitch stopped at her look and then laughed. “I wouldn’t do that to you. I have heard about Gavin’s um…abilities.”

Gavin cuffed his buddy on the shoulder.  “Come on down for dinner when we get back from England.” Gavin’s voice softened to a whisper, “She doesn’t know, can she travel?”

“Yes, I am sure she is fine.  Just stressed. Her blood pressure is high, but that is probably from the migraine. Just watch her and if it continues then get her back here, or to a nearby hospital immediately.” Mitch’s eyes narrowed, “Oh Lord help.  Women will be crying the world over, Gavin is in love with this one.”  He slapped Gavin a little too enthusiastically on the back.  

Gavin cracked a grin from ear to ear to let his friend know that he spoke the truth. “Make sure and give Mom your new address, and you will be one of my Groom’s Men.”

”I would be honored.” Mitch hugged Gavin and then discharged the pair to go to VictoriaManor.

CHAPTER XXI

Ronnee slept the rest of the day, into the night and part of the next day.  When she woke there was a sliver of the migraine left, but it was bearable.  She stretched and accidentally knocked over a glass of water.  Within moments the door opened and a sweet older woman was standing at her side cleaning up the mess, “Are you ok, Miss Traversham?”

Ronnee looked confused by this name and woman, then she remembered, “Aww yes, servants.  Yes, I am fine. I accidentally knocked the glass off of the nightstand. I apologize.” Ronnee smiled meekly. “What is your name?”

The old woman smiled, “I am Mrs. Grabsham. My husband is the butler and driver here and my son tends the stables.  I was told to help you anyway I can.”

Ronnee took an immediate liking to this woman. She was motherly and kind.  “Can you please draw me a bath?  I find that I am sore and tired and would like a soak?”

“I would be delighted. What temperature would you like?”

“Hot.” Ronnee said as she yawned.  After finishing her yawn, she continued, “Thank you so very much.  I need to go check on my children, do you know where they are?”

“I believe everyone is downstairs eating.”

“I believe, I will forgo the bath for now and take a shower.  Thank you so much for your help.” Ronnee sat up in bed and looked around. She must be in Gavin’s bedroom for the décor’ suited him perfectly. The overly large four poster bed was tall and beautiful. The furniture looked as if it was all antique.  The dark green and mahogany colors were accented with Lighthouses and ships of different kinds. Pictures of Gavin’s family were scattered about the room. There were two sets of sliding mirrored doors that Ronnee believed probably opened to enormous closets. The room was rather large holding the bedroom suit, chairs and a table in front of a large fireplace. There was a window seat under one large window and an alcove that contained a desk, computer and several filing cabinets. Papers were scattered about the desk in an organized chaos. To the right of the bed, near the door, was the sliding door to the bathroom. 

Mrs. Grabsham smiled, she liked this woman.  This mistress was nice and didn’t look down at her for being a servant. Mrs. Grabsham cleaned the broken glass up and dried the water spots. She stripped and remade the bed, took the dirty clothes and had left two extra large bath towels sitting on the rack for Ronnee.  Smiling she left the room.

Ronnee left the bed and walked into the bathroom. It was very large. The Jacuzzi bathtub and double sinks were set in marble, the floor was marble and the walls were painted antique white. There was a separate room in which Ronnee figured the toilet resided. The enormous shower took one corner and was set in marble with gold fixtures and trim. There were thick multi-colored earth tone rugs on the floor in various places. Even as cold as the bathroom looked with all of its marble and gold, it was the most beautiful bathroom Ronnee had ever seen. Ronnee was entranced at the beauty of the large shower and fell in love with the overlarge ‘rain shower’ gold shower head. She closed her eyes because in love with the shower before she ever climbed in.

Ronnee enjoyed the shower immensely.  She let the water run over her body and closed her eyes.  Her headache was coming back again, but not near like it was.  Ronnee was standing in the shower, head bowed under the onslaught of the water, when the door opened and in stepped a naked Gavin.  Her eyes popped open and a surprised look crossed her face. Realizing that she was standing fully nude in a well lit area in front of this man who had a perfect body, Ronnee made a grab for the towel.  Gavin caught her arm.  Ronnee tried to cover as much of herself up as she could.

“Please.” Her eyes pleaded.

Gavin took her into his arms and kissed her as the water ran over their faces.  “What is wrong love?”

“I do not want you to see me.” Her voice quivered almost to the point of tears.

“I have seen you before. What is the problem, why are you almost crying?”  Gavin was concerned and brushed some hair out of her face.

“I am embarrassed. Please go.” 

“Embarrassed about what?”  Gavin grabbed the body sponge and soaped it up.  He slowly began to wash her body, starting with her fingers.  The closeness unnerved Bronwyn greatly.

“I have hideous stretch marks, I am fat and my body is just…ugly, I hate it. I just would rather you left.”

Gavin finished the one arm and moved to the next. “Do you love your children?”

Not understanding this question, “Of course.  I would die for them.”

“Then why are you embarrassed by the fact you gave them life.”

“I am not embarrassed by that.” Ronnee was finding it harder to concentrate for he had finished her arms and was working on her chest and stomach; washing in slow circles.

“Then why are you embarrassed about your body?” Gavin spoke softly and so full of love that Ronnee wanted to cry in joy.

Ronnee wasn’t sure how to respond to that question. “Men like,” she began, “skinny, tight skinned, blonde sex bombs.”  Ronnee found it hard to concentrate for Gavin was working his way down her leg, making sure to wash the inside of her thighs thoroughly.

Gavin didn’t say anything as he finished washing her legs and stood back up.  They were incredibly smooth. She must have just shaved, Gavin thought to himself. Taking a deep breath to counteract his desire, “You watch too many movies. Men who are shallow or want arm candy only look for things like that. Turn around let me get your back.”

Ronnee allowed him to turn her around.  Concentrating to clear her mind, “I have seen it in regular lives as well.”

Gavin slowly soaped her back and moved the sponge down her spine to her buttocks. “What I see here is a beautiful person, who has the greatest personality, the biggest heart and that loves her children so much that she sacrificed a part of herself to give them life.”

Gavin moved the sponge lightly over her buttocks.  Following the sponge was his hand.  Her skin is so bloody soft, he thought.  He could feel the ridges on her stomach from the stretch marks, but they didn’t bother him.  He caressed the softness from her extra weight, but he also touched strong muscles under that layer.  Gavin smiled, she had one hell of a body before she had children.

Gavin turned her around in the shower and rinsed her off.  Next he took the bottle of shampoo and began to lather her hair.  He lathered the thick long tresses and slowly rinsed them out and applied the conditioner.  He let it soak into her hair while he took his hands and slowly ran them across her body.  To him, she was beautiful.  He had been with many women who were smaller, without stretch marks, skinnier, but never had he been so affected by them.  To him they were just a show, to him Ronnee was real flesh and blood. Something that was soft and pliable. She was someone he could grow old with. Gavin formed a plan in his head and a smile ran across his face. He was going to taunt her all day long. Tease her.  Gavin rinsed out her hair and handed her the sponge. Ronnee looked at him with questions in her eyes.

“My turn.  Wash me.”  Redness ran amok on Ronnee’s face as she lathered the sponge up.  She followed how he washed her and started with his arms.  Gavin knew that if he was going to survive this day, he was going to have to work on his own self control. “So tell me about yourself.”

“What do you want to know?” Ronnee asked as she started on his next arm.

“Where were you born? I don’t even seem to know the simplest things about you. I know how you like to be made love to, I know about your feelings and strengths, but I do not even know the external stuff, the type of things that your best friend would know.”

“I was born in California in a small town called Carmella. I am adopted. Somewhere out there, I have siblings.  My biological family is from England. I lived in California for 15 years then moved to Oklahoma for 12 years and then moved to Georgia and lived there ever since. I met my husband in Georgia, while I was there on a trip. Fell in love at first sight, or so I thought. Had our first child 16 months later, then the next two within then next six years. I decided I had enough of the physical, mental and emotional abuse, so I kicked him out and we divorced. Been working in the mill ever since trying to make ends meet.  I love the color blue, horses are my favorite animal. I love romance movies, but also love a great thriller or horror movie. I play some slow pitch, but haven’t played much lately. I am not sure what else there is to tell.”

Ronnee had finished with Gavin’s arms while she was speaking and had moved onto his chest.  She hadn’t ever taken the time to truly study his body and was amazed by the ripples and muscles that covered him.  Softly, she ran her hands over his shoulders, feeling the ridges and muscular structure and down the front of his chest to the black hairs that ran abundant.  She felt his pecks and then moved her hands down to his six pack.  She softly ran her fingers over the muscles that defined him.  Ronnee moved her hands around the sides of him and up his ribs. She slowly moved them back down and across the abdominal muscles and to the line of hair that ran down towards his manhood. She softly ran her fingers down that soft hair and to the rod that awaited her. Ronnee had never actually seen him, for most of the time their lovemaking was frenzied, or they never finished what they started.  For all his trying, they had only made love two times. Well, that one time consisted of three rolled into one, but it was still only two occasions.

Gavin closed his eyes.  He was losing his resolve quickly.  He watched her as she traced the definitions of his muscles. Her fingers left a trail of fire behind them.  Everywhere she touched, Gavin felt his skin burn.  He was lethargic and under her spell.  All he could think about at first was a day of teasing, now he lost all thoughts.  Ronnee had ceased chatting about herself but Gavin was barely aware. As her fingers caressed trail across the top of his groin area, he couldn’t help the reaction.  He closed his eyes and felt the water running down over them as he lost all semblance of sanity.  When Ronnee’s fingers grazed his manhood, he shuddered.  

Ronnee was in a dream like state.  She was so intrigued with Gavin’s body that she hadn’t heard him ask her a question. Finally she broke out of the trance, “Did you say something?” She looked up and saw great strain on his face and broke a smile. I have control over him, she thought silently.

Gavin’s voice was strained and gravely as he repeated, “How did you meet Beth and Catie?”  Gavin was losing the desperate battle of keeping her mind off of his body.

Ronnee had to put aside some thoughts that were running rampant through her head to answer the simple question, “I lived next door to Beth when I was first married, she moved, then I ended up buying a house by her a couple of years ago.  Catie..well, her ex husband and my ex husband were good friend.  They no longer talk, but we have never stopped.”  Ronnee had lost concentration as she became intrigued with his muscles again, running her fingers across them, back and forth. She ran them down his stomach and back to where they ached to be.  Ronnee ran her fingers across the tip of Gavin’s manhood and he trembled. 

Gavin didn’t notice Ronnee kneel in the shower until her mouth closed around his shaft.  Gavin’s fingers entangled themselves in her hair and he emitted a moan that came from the pit of his stomach. “Oh, Ronnee.” He squeezed out hoarsely.

Ronnee grasped the shaft and enjoyed herself at his expense.  Gavin moaned and desperately tried to separate himself from her antics.  He failed miserably. He lost his reserve and strength. When he knew he could take no more and had enough of her toying, Gavin grabbed her and pulled her up.  He crushed his lips against hers as he grabbed her leg and raised it.  He backed her against the wall and entered her so hard that she gasped. Gavin and Ronnee were lost to each other and things were over as quickly as they began.  The water ran over them, as they exhausted themselves, and helped to cool their skin since the hot water was fading rapidly.  Gavin was the first to recover.

“I never planned on that. I wanted to tease you all day.” Gavin smiled as he stroked her lips with his.

Ronnee chaffed at that, “No wonder no woman would have you.  You would wear her out in months.” She half smiled.

“I take that as a compliment.” Gavin gave her one more quick kiss and then turned her to leave the shower. The water was cold now and since he was blocking most of it from her, he was getting the brunt of the chill. As she started to leave, Gavin slapped her on the butt. “Get dressed before I finish this and we spend the day in bed.”  Gavin winked at her.

Ronnee blanched at the idea. Then she smiled. Perhaps that wouldn’t be so bad after all. She was truly beginning to like this idea of constant love making.

After Ronnee dressed and Gavin redressed, they walked downstairs.  Everyone was sitting in the living room watching a movie and Ronnee disappeared into the kitchen to make a sandwich.

Keene, who never missed a thing, asked a surprised Gavin, “How did your hair get all wet?”

Gavin felt his face redden underneath his tan. He stammered for a response when his mother entered the conversation, “Keene, you want to go swimming? Blake honey,” Maggie spoke to her grandson, “Why don’t you and Keene get changed and go out and ready the pool for swimming? You can show Keene what to do.  Ryder, you can go upstairs and change as well. Do you know where your sister is at?”

“Ya, her and Roger went out to the barn.” Keene said as he scurried off to change clothes. Looking back he hollered, “Come on Ryder, hurry up.”

Ronnee sat at the breakfast table in the vast family room and set down a couple of plates.  She had made two BLT sandwiches, placed a nice dill pickle on each plate with a small handful of chips.  She walked back and returned with two Diet Caffeine Free Dr. Peppers.  Gavin looked at the meager setting.  

Ronnee, who had thought she had made a big lunch, smiled brightly at Gavin, “I have made you some lunch.”  

Gavin, who had missed lunch for his joust with her, eyed the plate hungrily.  Not wanting to hurt her feelings, he sat down and ate the sandwich with gusto. They ate in relative silence, with Ronnee eating very slowly.  Gavin noticed her appetite off some and was beginning to worry.  “Are you ok?”

“What do you mean?”

“You haven’t been eating much. You pick at the food and look like you are eating, but you can reassemble almost the entire sandwich.” Gavin voiced his concern to her.

“I guess my headache has left my stomach a bit upset. So what are we doing today?” Gavin winked. “You’re horrid man, get your mind off of sex and answer the question.” Ronnee laughed through her words.

“I have to see to some business today, but I will be back before seven tonight. I promise. You need to pack because we are leaving on the morrow.”

“Leaving, where are we going, we just arrived here?”

“Surprise.” Was all he said. “I have to go change and ready myself.”

As Gavin stood to leave, Ronnee whispered into his ear, “Need help?”  The twinkle in her eye left nothing unsaid.

“Not if I want to get some work done.” The merriment in his eyes belied his serious tone. “Just stay here and enjoy the place. Ask Mom to take you for a horseback ride to our private cove.”  He kissed her on the top of her head like a father would a daughter and he left.  An hour later he was dressed, looking sharp and he left with Stephen and Paul, who were equally dressed, in the waiting limo.

Maggie, who had seen the bereft look on Ronnee’s face, came over, “You know that is a good idea. Do you ride?”

Ronnee raised her brows at that question, “God forbid that I should go to a heaven in which there are no horses.”

Maggie laughed, “Shakespeare.  I think we shall get along famously.”

Thirty minutes later, Ronnee was downstairs and dressed in her riding clothes.  She had on black Wrangler’s, cowboy boots, a T-shirt and her Australian Dry-as-a-bone hat.  Maggie was dressed in English attire with riding boots, breechcloth pants and a button up shirt with a lapel pin.  She looked every bit of the English rider.

Together they walked out to the barn.  Maggie was going to give Ronnee a quiet older mare, but decided that Ronnee deserved a good ride, so she led her to a buckskin Quarter Horse gelding that her husband favored.  Ronnee walked up to the gelding. Her eyes lit up like Christmas lights.  

“He looks like Cisco from the movie Dances with Wolves.” Ronnee said in awe and excitement. 

“He is Cisco’s full brother.  We bought him a couple of years ago.  He had already been gelded.  Jamie wanted to start reining some and this boy here is good at it.  He can cut, rein, rope and game. Great all around horse.  Jamie has lost his drive to rein now, but he does ride him on trails now and again.”

Ronnee ran her hands along his neck, “What is his name?”

“We call him Buck. His registered name is BucksGonSkippn.  He has old GoManGo lines on his sire’s side and SkipAlong  on his dam’s side.”

Ronnee snapped a lead to the halter, led the gelding out to the cross ties and proceeded to groom him.

Fifteen minutes later Buck was groomed, saddled and ready to go.  He looked splendid in his black leather and silver conch rig.  Ronnee mounted up and sat adjusting the stirrups as she waited on Maggie to finish saddling.

After a few moments, Jamie was at the barn and led Maggie’s horse out. He helped her mount and Ronnee watched as the two of them talked softly to each other.  Jamie’s hand never left Maggie’s thigh. She leaned down and gave him a kiss.  Ronnee watched as Jamie deepened the kiss.  Ronnee blushed and turned away wanting to give them privacy.

Mr. Armstrong was standing at her saddle and when Ronnee turned and saw him, she was startled. “I am sorry, I didn’t hear you walk over here.”

With a twinkle in his eye and merriment in his voice he said, “You were concentrating so hard on not seeing what we were doing.  I love my wife very much and hope that I am able to show that to everyone.  Now take care of Bucky for me.  He is a great ride, but loves to have his head, so be strong with him.”

“Thank you Mr. Armstrong.”

With a wave of his hand, “No formalities.  Jamie, you must call me Jamie. And that is Maggie, not Mrs. Armstrong. Now you two go and enjoy yourselves. I packed a lunch and put it in the saddle bags. There is water to drink as well.”

“Thank you…Jamie.” Ronnee said shyly.

Laughter rang as he said, “I hope one day you will call me Dad.”

Blushing deeply, Ronnee turned the horse and started to follow Maggie, who had enough of her husband’s flirting and was walking towards the trail head.

Nudging Buck into a lope, Ronnee caught up in a matter of moments. “You guys are so lucky.  I mean the whole family is filled with love.  And Mr. Armstrong, he loves you so much.” Ronnee said with longing in her voice.

“Not anymore than Gavin loves you.” Maggie stated.

“I am not sure he loves me as such, well, at least not as deep.”

“I know my son, sweetie, and he is in love with you.  The only bear of it all, is they are insatiable flirts.  You have to realize they mean no harm and have had generations of marrying for money or flirting to get their way engrained into their DNA. You just get used to it and draw the line when you have to.” Maggie laughed. “I love my husband with all my heart and soul, but sometimes I am so jealous.  Even at my age, can you imagine?”

Ronnee really liked this woman.  She was fun, free spirited and a great beauty, in spite of her age.  Ronnee felt much like the ugly stepsister in this family.

Thirty minutes later, Maggie turned her horse, a dainty black Arabian mare, down a side trail. Ronnee could smell the ocean and hear the water.  It was heavenly. Not like Florida, salt water mixed with tanning lotions, oils, etcetera, but natural pure sea water.

At the edge of a little cliff, Maggie turned her mare down a trail that was covered in big rocks. “Just let him have his head, he can pick his way through.  We have done it dozens of times.  This private cove is a Armstrong asset that no one really remembers how we obtained. We do not allow commercial fishing here. This is a private family spot on personal property we own and we plan on keeping it that way.”

Ronnee gave the gelding his head and looked at they beautiful bay as she listened to Maggie talk.  “I agree. I wouldn’t treat it any other way. The cove is just precious.” Ronnee said in awe of the beauty.
G
They dismounted and tied the horses to a tree.  After loosening both saddles, Ronnee grabbed the food and sat with Maggie on a log.  They ate and enjoyed light gossip about Gavin.  Maggie passed on some great stories that Ronnee couldn’t wait to use against him.  

After about an hour, Maggie looked at her watch, “I must be returning now. You can stay here if you would like. If you get lost, just give Buck his head and say ‘home’. Believe it or not, he will take you straight there.  I was amazed the first time Jamie showed me his talent. It has come in handy several times. Would you like to return with me now or stay a bit longer?”

“I think I would love to stay. I won’t remain long. The solitude is wonderful, not to mention the quiet.”  Ronnee laughed. 

Maggie shook her head remembering what it was like to have young children. “That will be fine.”

“Ok, thank you. And thank you for the absolutely wonderful hospitality. I am not sure I have ever met more loving people.”

“Just love Gavin that is all we ask.” On an impulse Maggie gave this woman a hug.

Ronnee helped Maggie tighten her girth and mount. Before she turned to leave, Maggie said, “There is a small shed over near the woods with a blanket and some basics.  We keep some things there in case we want to camp. Please do not be out after dark. But if you get cold, the blanket is there. There is also a radio as well, in case there is an emergency, so you can call for help.”

“Thank you again.”

Ronnee waved to Gavin’s mother as she rode out of site. She turned and walked to where the shed was supposed to be and didn’t see it until she almost ran into it.  They had camouflaged the shed so people wouldn’t bother it. Ronnee grabbed a blanket and took it to the beach for it was turning a bit chilly. She sat on a log that was partially in the water, and after removing her boots and socks, she let her feet sit in the cool refreshing water.  She had a lot to think about.

Somewhere in her thinking, her head started to thump again.  Her forehead throbbed and her ears pounded like the surf on the beach.  She walked over, grabbed the blanket and lay down on a hammock she discovered over by where the horse was tethered.  She just wanted to close her eyes for a few minutes and hope the pain would go away.

***
Gavin arrived back home from his late afternoon dealings just as he said he would.  He walked into his house, and started looking for Ronnee. “Mom, where is Ronnee?”  

“We went to the cove and she wanted to stay.  She should be back any moment.”

Gavin had a look on his face that worried his mother, “Why don’t you change and go look for her.”

Gavin didn’t need anymore encouraging. He bounded up the stairs and was changed into riding gear and out the door in fifteen minutes.  Jamie called ahead and had Gavin’s stallion saddled and ready.

Gavin’s excitement transferred to the stud, “Easy there boy.”  Gavin walked him around for a few moments, then gave him his head and they started off at a good clip.

Gavin’s horse wasn’t bred for speed but he was bred for endurance and stamina.  He stayed at the rocking lope until they entered the area of the private cove, covering the distance in fifteen minutes. Gavin dismounted and left the stallion ground tied as he searched the beach.  He saw Buck unsaddled grazing about the length of the rope, he saw Ronnee’s boots by the water. Gavin’s heart leapt, but then settled as he finally caught site of her in the hammock, curled up like babe, sleeping.

All of the worry left Gavin and he covered the ground quickly.  He sat down on the hammock and slowly brushed Ronnee’s hair out of her face where it was stuck by tears.

“Are you ok?”

Ronnee awoke to see Gavin sitting there looking like a devilishly handsome angel.  She didn’t want him to know about her headache, so she lied, “Yes I am fine. I was just, emotional. You know PMS.”  Ronnee left it at that.

“Come on, you need to get dressed,” Gavin paused, “Unless you want me to undress?”

Ronnee laughed despite the pain in her head. “No, I think I would rather go back to the house. I hope I haven’t worried you any. I am sorry, I didn’t realize I was that tired.” Gavin could sense she was lying about something, he just couldn’t figure out what about.

An hour later, they were back at the manor, horses taken away by the stable boy, and entering a dining hall that smelled delicious.

Maggie came up to them, “I am glad you were alright. I started to worry and Keene was very concerned about you.”

“I am so sorry, I fell asleep. Come on kids, let’s go upstairs and ready for dinner.”

Ryder came over and gave his mother a hug, “We ate, Ms. Maggie left a plate for you and Gavin.  Mr. Armstrong took us fishing and I caught a big fish.”

Keene was not one to be out done, “My fish was bigger. We got to go on this little boat with sails and sail around the bay. It was lots of fun.” The boys babbled on about their adventures for the day.

Amanda walked up and gave her mother a hug, “Did you have a good nap?”

“Yes, I feel much better. What did you do today?”

Amanda stammered, “I, uh, helped Roger. Then I helped Ms. Maggie with cooking and she showed me how to make most of the meal.”

“Do not be spending time alone with Roger, you are too young.”

Amanda stood straighter, “Whatever Mom.” But stopped at the look Gavin was giving her. “Well, sure. I won’t.”

Keene came back over and was pulling on his mother’s shirt, “Mom, Gavin says we are going somewhere special tomorrow. He says we will leave in the late afternoon.”

“Really wow, he hasn’t said a thing to me.  I think we have to go home.  I have to get back to my job, pay bills…”

Gavin put his arms about her shoulders and pushed her towards the bathroom, “Wash up for dinner.”

Ryder and Keene thought that was very funny. Ronnee turned to look at them, and saw Gavin take Ryder, Keene and Amanda to the couch and start talking to them.  She watched as the kids didn’t say a word and sat quietly. What is he up to now? She thought, and then walked to the bathroom to get cleaned up.

CHAPTER XXII

Gavin woke Ronnee with a light knock on the bedroom door early the next morning. Gavin entered before she responded and said. “Come on, I want to go for a ride.” Ronnee silently wondered where he slept last night.

Ronnie’s head screamed pain, but she wasn’t going to let it deter her from going with him. An hour later, they were dressed and the horses were saddled outside waiting.  It was a bit chilly for the air was early morning New England air, not anything like what Ronnee was used to down south where she lived. Gavin saw her chill and offered her his jacket.

“I want to ride back to the cove for a bit so we can talk just you and I.”

“What about the kids?”  

“Dad is getting them up right now for their last boat ride in the bay till we return.  When he brings them back, he will make sure they pack and are ready to go.”

”I cannot go on any more adventures. I have to return to my job.”

Gavin looked bereft, “The mill is shut down for two weeks.  Everyone is on unemployment with the promise of receiving their old jobs back, as soon as it reopens.”

“You shut down the mill?”

“Did you listen? We are doing some major overhauling. Getting rid of some of the crap machinery and bringing in some new.  Basically sprucing the place up.  I have placed your friend Joe in charge of the old machines. He is making the decisions as to which ones are part machines and which ones are going to stay.”

“Oh.” Was all that Ronnee could say as she mounted the gelding. Gavin swung a leg over his stallion and took off at a smart pace.  Ronnee was not sure if she could handle the rough ride with her head hurting so much but she kissed softly to Buck and entered into his ground covering gallop.

About twenty minutes later, they pulled into the cove and dismounted. Gavin took the reins of both steeds and tied them.  After loosening the girths, he came over to sit by Ronnee.  He found great delight that her favorite spot was his as well.  They leaned against the old log, legs stretched across the sand.

After a few minutes, Gavin spoke.  His heart was in his throat, which felt constricted and dry. “Do you like this area?”

“Mmmm. I love it.”

“I would like to give it to you.” Ronnee turned and looked at him. “As a present.” Gavin said as he stood.

“For what?”

“There is one condition to this gift. Come here.” Gavin stuck out his hand and helped Ronnee stand. He led her by her elbow to the ocean and told her some stories about this cove.  He told her how the marines used the islands to exercise. He also explained how the islands gave shelter to many species of both marine life and wild life. Ronnee enjoyed the stories immensely.

After a few moments of silence, Gavin began again, “Ronnee I want you to have this cove.  As my gift.” Gavin turned her head, so their eyes met. His thumb softly stroking her cheek. “As a gift from husband to wife.” Ronnee stopped breathing.  Gavin knelt down on one knee, “Bronwyn Lee Traversham, will you do me the honor and be my wife?”

Ronnee’s face was flushed and hot; she was dizzy and overwhelmed.

Gavin stood back up, not sure what to do.  He took her hand and slid a beautiful diamond ring on her ring finger.  There were dolphins etched into the gold band with the most beautiful marquise diamond in the center.  Ronnee was a permanent fixture, her only movement was to look at the ring Gavin just placed on her finger. Gavin took her face into his hands and lifted it to look at him, “Will you marry me?” he asked again.

Tears stained Ronnee’s face. Looking in Gavin’s eyes she saw eternal love, something she thought she would never see. Slowly nodding, she said, “Yes, I will.”

Gavin picked her up and twirled her around and around. Ronnee held onto him for dear life.  “I want to get married in England, at the Armstrong estates.” He said after setting her down and kissing her soundly on the lips.

“Here is beautiful.” 

“No, this cove is ours, well, yours. I do not want to share it. I want to make love here, fish here, camp here, but I do not want to share it.”

“Oh, Gavin. I love you so much.” Ronnee cried out as she started to kiss his face. Her playful kisses turned into ones filled with lust and passion. Within moments, clothes were being removed at a hasty pace. Once their passion was satiated, Gavin and Ronnee dressed and headed back to the house.

Gavin stopped his horse a few minutes from the house, “I want our kids to have this, but then I would rather buy land and build my own.”

“Oh my gosh Gavin, I am so sorry. I can’t have children. I had my tubes tied.”

Gavin was put back with this. He knew that she wasn’t as young anymore, so a passel of children weren’t in the picture but he wanted at least one or two, or perhaps three. He now realized why she never pressed the issue of birth control. He was silently relieved when he saw that she wasn’t trying to trap him with a pregnancy. However, he was confused at his actions, since he always used protection. It didn’t matter. They were meant to be, he reasoned with himself. With a cocky grin, he said, “We can get that fixed.”

“You don’t understand Gavin, I am tired, I can’t raise anymore children on my own. It’s not fair to them.”

“Raise them on your own? What am I? Some sperm donor dolt that can’t participate?” The fury was deep in his eyes, waiting to come out.

“I have to be realistic. I thought things were happily ever after before and they weren’t. I can’t think that again and bring in more children to suffer in a poor environment.”

“You think that even if a possibility of us breaking up existed that I would leave my children to their own devises? What kind of animal do you think I am? Do you really know me and love me?”

Tears formed in Ronnee’s eyes and she spurred her horse on at a gallop.  Once she pulled up to the barn, she slid off and led him in and was vigorously grooming Buck, when Gavin came limping down the driveway leading his horse.  Ronnee was so miffed at their conversation that she turned her back and finished grooming Buck too rough and he stomped her foot for it.

“Ouch, damnit.” Ronnee was leading the gelding back to his stall as she heard the clip clop of Gavin’s shod horse on the cement walkway of the barn. He handed the reins to the stable boy and walked over to Ronnee who was sitting on a tack box rubbing her foot.

“I am sorry I was so upset. I always wanted children and I guess it was a bit of a shock to hear that. And then for you to insinuate…” Gavin stopped there and took a deep breath.  He sat down next to her on the tackle box.

“What happened to your leg?”

“Oh, that. I had a bit of a disagreement with King over there. He wanted to go home, I wanted to run him. I was concentrating so intently upon you and our fight that I wasn’t prepared for his antics.  I did a flip off his back and landed on my knee.  The same one I hurt last a couple of weeks ago.”

Concern entered Ronnee’s voice, “Oh, Gavin are you ok?”

“Yes, I am fine. I am just glad that King is ok. Now that his father has passed, the breeding has moved on to him. It really was my fault.”

Ronnee leaned over into his lap and cried, “I am sorry. I am just scared to have anymore.”

“Do you have problems carrying? Delivering?”

Ronnee laughed, “No, my doctor says I am a broodmare. I impregnate easily and have easy labor and delivery.”  

Gavin laughed, “I needed to meet you years ago. I always wanted lots of children. I could have kept you barefoot and pregnant.  A new child every year.”

Ronnee slapped his arm. Gavin grabbed it and pulled it up to his neck.  He leaned down and started kissing her passionately.  When he pulled their lips apart, he muttered into her ear, “You just do what you do and let me worry about the rest.  Armstrong’s do not divorce and I have no plans on leaving my children alone in this world.  They will have the best of everything.”  Stilling her mouth with his, he kissed her deeply.

“Son, your mother would like to speak with you.” Jamie said interrupting the two lovers.

“Yes, Dad, I will be right there.” Gavin said, as he righted himself.  His dad caught him doing a whole lot more many times before, but for some reason, this time really embarrassed him.

Jamie laughed, “Don’t worry. Just go see her. I will help Ronnee finish up here and we will talk.”

The look of horror that ran across her face was obvious and Gavin laughed, “He is really a nice person. Just don’t let him touch you.”  Gavin leaned in and kissed her one more time before he left.

Jamie laughed heartily at that comment, “I guess jealousy is something that every woman who is fortunate enough to marry a Armstrong will have to deal with.”

“You know about our marriage? How, he just asked.”

“He told us he was going to ask.”

“How did you know I would say yes?” Ronnee questioned.

Jamie gave her the funniest look that seemed to say, ‘Someone turn down a Armstrong?’ As if the thought was appalling.  Ronnee laughed at the arrogance that ran deep in this family.

“So, tonight we are having an engagement party. Do you have something to wear?”

“I thought we were leaving for the great unknown?” Ronnee said as she led Buck to his stall. Jamie was finishing King’s grooming and Ronnee went to help.

“I delayed the flight until tomorrow afternoon.” Somehow Ronnee wondered if Gavin even knew about this party.

“A party with people? What kind of dress?” Ronnee sounded scared.

“I am not sure. As long as Maggie doesn’t make me wear that penguin suit I am fine.”

Ronnee laughed. She heard most men hated that suit and the Armstrong men were no exception.

Ronnee finished sweeping the isle way, something Jamie told her she didn’t have to do, but she wanted to anyway.  It was good to be doing manual labor again.  A pain hit her hard. “Damn migraines are driving me nuts.”

“Would you like to go lay down?” Jamie began, “Better yet, let me call Mitch and have him to come here and look at you.”

“No, I am fine. They are from bad discs in my neck. I have them all the time. They just seem to be worse right now. They will eventually go away for awhile. I am fine, trust me.”

Jamie shrugged his shoulders. “Ok, but if you need anything just let me know.”

About then Ronnee’s kids came bursting into the barn, startling some of the horses. “Hey what are the rules when you’re around horses?” Ronnee questioned the kids.

“Sorry, Mom.” They all mumbled.  Amanda was the first one to speak.

“Well, when is the date?”

“What date?”

“Oh come on Mom, don’t play dumb with us. When are you getting married?”

“You know too?!” Ronnee said flabbergasted.

Ryder, who had always thought himself as the man of the house, spoke up, “Yes, Gavin asked us last night if it would be ok to ask you. Later he pulled me aside to make sure I didn’t have any problems. He said that since I was the man of the family that I deserved special privileges in this matter.”  Ryder tilted his head his pride showing at his new found position.

“So I was the last one to know?”

“Yes, Mom, of course.” Amanda smarted back, “I mean what was he going to do…ask your permission to ask you to marry him? Get real. I am so excited.  He said the wedding is in two months in England. Ms. Maggie is in a flurry, she has the whole staff working for her to make arrangements.  Oh, I have to go, she said she needed my help. Congrats mom, you deserve to be happy. Love you, gotta go.” In as big of a hurry as she arrived, Amanda was gone after placing a quick kiss on her mother’s cheek.

Jamie walked up and grabbed the boys’ shoulders, “Come on, help me get this rigging straightened on the boat. You guys want to go for another sail?”  Keene and Ryder were fully excited at that prospect. “Why don’t you boys go round up Henry, Roger, Blake, Indy and Kit. While you are at it, get Paul and Stephen down here, I am not taking all you boys without more help.”

Keene and Ryder set out to find everyone.  Pretty soon a site to behold came walking out.  The Armstrong men were something that every woman awed over; tall, dark and handsome, or tall, blonde and handsome.  All with their strong aristocratic features. All arrogant.  There was so much arrogance with that group that it fairly flooded the ground. The laughing and teasing ran abundant.  One of them grabbed Keene and flung him around.  Keene was in awe with the strength of these men.  Ronnee watched the procession as it headed towards the Armstrong private docks.  She was so intently watching, that she didn’t notice Gavin arrive to stand next to her.

“You are planning to molest one of my family?”

The voice startled Ronnee and she jumped, “Oh geesh, Gavin you need to announce your presence. You scared me.”

“I was afraid that if I didn’t interrupt you, you would find out I am the ugly brother.”

Ronnee crossed her arms and looked at him. No way, in any way shape or form, could Gavin be considered ugly. In fact she thought he was the most handsome of the men.  There was no way she was going to let him think she believed that though, “You may be right.  Yes, I can see that. You are not nearly as handsome as your father, brothers, cousins, and even sisters.”

Gavin raised his brows, “No?”

“Nope, not even close.  But I will still settle for you.”

“Settle for me? Oh, that is it, you are going to pay.” Gavin picked up Ronnee and carried her through the yard.  He kicked a gate open and strode though it to the pool. He had to struggle to hang on to Ronnee. He was either getting stronger, or she is losing weight, for she didn’t seem as heavy as before.

Ronnee couldn’t see where they were headed. She was too busy fighting Gavin and pleading with him about hurting his back.  Next thing she knew she was dropped into a pool of warm water. Sputtering she came up.

“Ow, oh this hurts. I hit my leg on the side, I think it might be broken.” She whined with effect. 

Gavin didn’t see anything hit the side, but, if it did and he didn’t help her, Lord, his mother would kill.  

Gavin kneeled and leaned over, “Oh baby, I am sorry, come here and let me help you out.”

By now falsetto tears, were forming in Ronnee’s eyes.  She reached up and took his hand.  As she sidled closer, she placed one foot on the edge and looked up at him, and when she grabbed his hands, she braced her other foot as well, “Dump me in the pool eh?” Gavin didn’t have time to react and before he knew it he was standing next to her in the pool.

Laughing, the two adults chased each other around the pool. When Gavin caught her in the deep end, she swam over under the diving board wading in the water.  Ronnee braced her self against the wall.  She saw the look in Gavin’s eyes and knew he wanted her.  As he narrowed the gap, she shoved off and swam to the other end again.

Gavin missed her by inches. However, he caught her before she could exit.  He grabbed her and flipped her over on the steps and started to kiss her all over.

Ronnee laughed and kissed him back. What a sight we must be, she thought, for both were fully clothed in jeans from riding. Her cowboy boots were probably ruined. She looked at the edge of the pool where she threw them with her socks and noticed they didn’t look very stiff anymore.

Gavin stilled his kissing, “Are you happy my love?”

Ronnee looked again at her engagement ring, “What woman wouldn’t be?”

“Let’s get in the house before I make love to you right here. Get moving you little imp, get out of the pool.”

“Gavin we can’t go in like this, we will ruin the wood floors.”

“Na, used to do it all the time. Those floors are couple hundred years old, never hurt them before.” Gavin dismissed her concern.

Sure enough as soon as Gavin and Ronnee entered, one of the maids was cleaning up behind them. Gavin stopped at the back bathroom and they stripped and put on heavy terry cloth robes with Armstrong Estates embroidered on the pocket.  Gavin was looking at her with such heavily hooded eyes that Ronnee wondered if they would ever go a day without sex.  

Ronnee took off and ran up the stairs and about had her bedroom door shut, when Gavin pushed it open and strode in.

Giggling Ronnee tried to get away, however, Gavin grabbed her robe and tossed her on the bed.  The hunger in his kisses told Ronnee all she needed to know.

“No wonder there are so many Armstrongs around.  The men are insatiable. All they think about is sex.”

Gavin muffled a grunt into her ear, “It isn’t sex, it is making love, which I plan to do to you several times a day for the rest of your life.” He pulled back, “How do you know all Armstrong men are like this?”

“Oh, Gavin, it was just…never mind.  Your jealousy is driving me nuts. Get up.”

Gavin turned her head so she could look at him, and see the laughter in his face, “You goof, would you ever be serious?” She inquired.

“I am very serious right now. You keep moving underneath me and I will show you just how serious.”  Gavin lowered his face to hers.

Several hours later, Gavin and Ronnee were sleeping soundly in the bed when the boys came running up the stairs.  The noise of the boys woke Gavin. Keene was the first to enter and he exited as fast as he entered. Gavin could hear him down the hallway, “Momma and Gavin are having sex.”

Gavin’s laughing shook the bed.  Slowly Ronnee came awake, “What is it?” Gavin was laughing so hard, she couldn’t understand him.  Her head was pounding again and it made her hearing waiver.

Finally, she heard what he was laughing about. The door opened and several heads peaked in, “See they are having sex.” Keene announced to his crowd.

Gavin laughed even harder, especially since Keene woke them up from a dead sleep. Ronnee was so embarrassed that she hid under the covers. “I will kill that boy when I get the nerve to go out there again.”

Gavin was laughing so hard the entire bed shook. “Get out of bed, you are making me sick. It is shaking so hard, I think I have motion sickness.”

Gavin thought he heard morning sickness and stilled, “Morning sickness?”

“Motion you dolt, motion, the whole bed is swaying.”

Gavin started laughing again. He climbed out of bed and let Keene see the NIKE shorts he had on. “Get you little brat.  She fell in the pool and hurt herself and I held her so she could go to sleep.” He half heartily barked at Keene.  Gavin grabbed his pillow and went after Keene and next thing Ronnee knew the door was shut and there was a herd of elephants running up and down the halls.  She heard a big crash, Maggie yelling, Jamie yelling and then the elephant herd again took off, unscrambling into separate rooms.  All the suddenly, Gavin opened the door and jumped back into bed. “Thank God that was just a water pitcher.” He was laughing as he heard his mother climb the stairs still raising cane.

“We are going to have such a wonderful life, Bronwyn.”  Gavin leaned over and kissed her.  “You better get clothes on, next time we might not be so lucky. If I hadn’t had the urge to go to the restroom, I wouldn’t have put on my shorts.”  Gavin smiled. “Unless you want to stay in bed the rest of the day with me?”

“Oh, no…no more, no moss. I give. I am so sore, I can’t handle anymore. Uncle Uncle Uncle.”

Gavin laughed at her antics, “Ok, I will let you rest for a bit.  Jump in the shower and ready yourself for the party.”

“Oh, my gosh, I forgot all about that. I haven’t a thing to wear.”

“Oh, wait, be right back.” Gavin bounded off the bed and left the room.  He was back in a matter moments with a  large box. “Happy Engagement party.” He said happily.

Ronnee sat up in bed and slowly opened the box.  Inside was the prettiest blue party dress. It was conservative, yet sexy and very tasteful as well. She looked at Gavin and started to cry.

“Are you sure that it isn’t morning sickness?” He scoffed at her.

“I am sorry, it is just so beautiful. How did you know my size?” 

“Mother is great with that stuff. And one of her maids sews quite well, so if there are any adjustments to be made, it can be done here.”

The smile was all Gavin needed for thanks. “I will send up Mrs. Grabsham to help you get ready. I need to go see about the proceedings and ready myself.”

“I love you Gavin, thank you very much.” Gavin smiled and left the room.

CHAPTER XXIII

Three hours later, after a nice long soak in the tub, a manicure, pedicure, hair cut and style, and a facial, Ronnee was finally being dressed.  She had never been so pampered in her life.  Ronnee guessed that while she slept preparations were being made and handled. Extra staff was added on and things were dealt with efficiently.  Mrs. Grabsham finally allowed Ronnee to turn and look in the mirror.

The cornflower blue dress brought the blue in her eyes out. There was baby’s breath and little blue flowers in her hair that was swept up in a French twist.  The tendrils hanging down from the French twist, bounced out giving her face a thinner uplifting look.  The dress took her large bosom and lifted it.  She had on a corset that allowed no slouching.  Her dress cut firmly underneath her breasts, but then lightly hugged her body until her hips, where it fanned out.  Ronnee for the first time in years, considered her self feminine again. You could still see her big hips, thighs, arms, and stomach, Ronnee moaned.  How she wished she was skinny.  How can she go down stairs looking so fat?

Mrs. Grabsham saw Ronnee’s misery. “I will be right back dear.”

A moment later, Gavin walked in. He looked splendid in his black coat, slacks and collarless white shirt that opened at the neck. He was natural and good looking in every thing he wore. The black and white suit highlighted his black hair, grey eyes and tanned skin. Ronnee would have cried if she wasn’t so scared of messing up her makeup.

Gavin stood there.  Now here was a woman. Not some skinny, flat assed, fake boobed bimbo, but a real woman. And she was all his. “You are so beautiful. I cannot believe this.  You go beyond my wildest dreams.” He leaned down to kiss her, but Mrs. Grabsham had arrived again.

“No kissing her yet boy. You will mess her face up. Let the crowd see her then you can have her.”

Gavin, embarrassed at having being caught, stood up, “Yes, Ma’am. However this silly chit thinks that she is fat and ugly and I cannot get her to go down.”

In a flash, old Mrs. Grabsham was gone and then back again with Maggie.  Ronnee looked at Maggie and her heart sank. The woman was 65 and built like a brick shithouse, as the saying goes. She was stunningly beautiful.  Tears threatened to escape and ruin Bronwyn’s makeup.

“Now dear, you are not fat and ugly. You are really quite beautiful.” Not wanting to give Ronnee another chance she took her arm, “Gavin leave us for a moment. We will be out shortly.” Gavin bowed his head slightly in reverence and respect and left the room to stand by the door in the hallway.

“Now dear let me tell you something about the society that is around here.  They are horrid gossips and some just love to see a Armstrong suffer.  I really didn’t expect to see so many people, but we are already parking in the back pasture. You will come with me.  Do not embarrass Gavin now. Hold your head high. You have some breeding in you, so let that defiance shine.  No matter what those pompous girls say, you hold your head high with the knowledge that Gavin is yours and only yours.” Maggie pulled her to the door and opened it. “You are better than they are. You are soon to be a Armstrong and with that name comes a lot of pride and responsibility.  There are many women and girls downstairs that are furious with you.  Raise that chin and know that we are all here by your side.  If Marybeth shows up, she will be escorted out.  They can be mean, just give them some of it back and they will respect you. I was scared my first outing as well.”  

Maggie took a deep breath and gave her soon to be new daughter a kiss on her cheek.  She opened the door and pulled Gavin in, “You keep those sharks off of her.”

Gavin leaned over and kissed his mother on her cheek.  Maggie patted his chest and left the two of them standing there.

“I’ll be damned if I wait.”  Gavin mumbled as he bent Ronnee over and kissed her with passion.

“You are Bronwyn, not Ronnee tonight. Soon to be Bronwyn Lee Armstrong. I am very proud to have you by my side. You should see the children. They are dashingly handsome. I believe we Armstrong men have some Traversham competition.”  Gavin smiled, his dimples showing. “Shall we go Mrs. Armstrong?”

Ronnee blushed and laid a hand on his arm. He led her through the doorway and then put his hand on the small of her back, guiding her to the stairs.  At the top Bronwyn froze.  The foyer was packed with people and they were all staring at her!

Gavin felt her tense and leaned down to her ear, “They are all naked and vulnerable.”

Ronnee laughed at that thought and wrapped her arm about his and followed him to the sharks.

Towards the bottom Gavin stopped and bowed to Bronwyn, “My Lady.” His father was standing there with gloved white hands holding one out for Ronnee. 

Ronnee accepted his hand by lightly laying hers upon the edge of his and he led her to the Great Hall.  The opals Ronnee wore were surrounded by diamonds and they were well known as Maggie’s favorite set.  Gavin followed by her side as Jamie led the small procession to the hall, where Maggie and the rest were waiting. At the head of the table sat Ronnee and Gavin.  Jamie pulled out her chair, however, did not motion for her to sit.

Jamie cleared his voice, “Ladies and Gentleman. I thank you so much for coming on such short notice.  I have an announcement to make.” Gavin grasped Ronnee’s hand and played with her ring. “My son Gavin Rowen Armstrong has chosen a bride,” Jamie paused then continued, “Finally.”  Laughter ensued and Gavin blushed.

Jamie cleared his voice and the hall quieted again, “I am proud to introduce, my newest family member Bronwyn Lee Traversham.” Ronnee had memories of old coming back to her and she tilted her chin at his introduction.   A delightful blush colored her face making her even more beautiful. Ronnee grasped Gavin’s hand and held on tight.

“The wedding will take place in two months at our England estates. Now for the toast. 

 “Bronwyn, my dear.  The short time I have known you, I have seen you cry, laugh, and love.  You are filled with such a passion for life that I envy you. You love your children with all your heart and I know that you love my son the same. I cannot think of anyone else I would rather have my wayward son marry.  Gavin.  I have watched you grow and settle over the last couple of months. I have watched you torment yourself with your thoughts of what others would want. I watched you almost throw away a wonderful person. I am glad you came to your senses. I can think of no one I would rather have Bronwyn marry.  You are everything to me as all my children are.  You will make a wonderful father and husband.  I wish the two of you the eternal love, happiness and peace that come from true love. I wish you two what my wife Margaret and I have. To Bronwyn and Gavin.”  Jamie raised his glass. The hall echoed with “Bronwyn and Gavin” as everyone toasted the couple.  

The rest of the night flowed by romantically. Bronwyn was as amazed as Gavin at how well she handled herself. Gavin and Ronnee danced the night away, sipped champagne with Gavin’s friends and held onto each other tightly. Maggie or Gavin stood by Bronwyn’s side never leaving her alone.  At the end of the night Ronnee’s migraine returned and she lost some of her zeal, but never let the pain show.

The governess put Ronnee’s children to bed several hours earlier, except for Amanda.  Gavin stepped in and discussed it with Ronnee, who felt Amanda should go to bed. In the end Gavin ended up kissing Ronnee into submission and Amanda was allowed to stay.

Amanda floated about the room, her laughter heard over all other noise. She was on Roger’s arm and they made a stunning sight. She wore a light pink sleeveless dress with a square cut neckline.  The dress was form fitting and long.  It flowed out behind her and the hem allowed for the extra material in the back.  Since Amanda had been outside at the beach so much lately, her tan glowed. Her bleached out hair was piled on her head in an array of curls. She had on pink ice diamond chandelier earrings with a matching necklace and bracelet.  There wasn’t another woman, young or old, that could match the beauty and exuberance of this young lady.

Roger was a doting date. He wouldn’t let anyone touch her, which annoyed Amanda-Lynne to no end.  Every time she would try and sneak away to dance with another boy, Roger was there to sweep her to the dance floor. By the end of the night, Amanda had no energy for anyone else.  Besides, she was really beginning to like him.

Gavin noticed Ronnee had quieted and removed her from the Great Hall and the noise.  He escorted her upstairs, which was not missed by some of his buddies. There were some catcalls and whistles and Gavin knew what they were thinking. He laughed, let them, he thought doesn’t hurt my reputation any.  Gavin helped Ronnee slip out of her gown.  He pulled back the covers and after giving her a pill, kissed her good night and left to go join the party.  Gavin checked on Ronnee every thirty minutes, but she never woke.

The next morning Ronnee felt great. She was well rested and just the fact that she was in Gavin’s arms made her feel better.  Ronnee didn’t know when he came to bed, but he was here and that is all that mattered to her. Even though she tried to persist he not come so they would not set a bad example for the children, she found that she would rather have him there and the internal mêlée consumed her.

Ronnee perused Gavin’s body, softly rubbing her fingers across his chest. She traced his jaw line and the vein that ran down his neck. Every time she looked at him, he grew more and more handsome. Ronnee let her eyes return to his face and was startled when she found his eyes open, hooded and filled with lust.

“Mmmm, good morning love.  Are you ready for breakfast?” Gavin rolled out with a half grin.

Ronnee’s stomach rumbled, “As a matter of fact, I am starved.”

“Well, they can keep it warm,” Gavin began as he rolled over and covered her mouth with his.

An hour later, there was a knock on the door and Mrs. Grabsham walked in carrying a tray of warm delicious food, “Your mum said you would rather breakfast in bed.”  Ronnee, who was mortified at being caught in bed with him again, just nodded and blushed.

As Mrs. Grabsham left, she grabbed some of the dirty clothes and smiled back at the loving couple. “I will give you time alone.  The children are still asleep.” Gavin smiled at Ronnee who blushed deeply again.

“Why are you so embarrassed to be seen in bed with me?”

“I am not used to it. It’s just embarrassing that is all.”

“Well, get used to it, because I plan on keeping you here quite a bit.  Now how about feeding me some food?”

Ronnee laughed and somehow felt extremely honored to lie in bed with this man, feeding him. She noshed him with cantaloupe, strawberries and bananas allowing him to lick the juices from her fingers. The erotic sensation nearly drove Ronnee mad. Next she gave him bites of scrambled eggs and sausage. Gavin fed Ronnee as well, slipping bits of fruit into her mouth and occasionally spilling something on her chest that he would have to clean up, with his tongue, of course.  They ate most of the meal before they gave in to lust again.  When they were through, Ronnee drifted back off to sleep with dreams and thoughts of her soon-to-be husband and family.

Gavin slipped out of bed and showered.  He was downstairs talking to his father, when Ronnee appeared fresh and clean. They seemed to be in a heated argument, which ceased as soon as Ronnee walked in. “What is the matter? Should I go?”

“No, Bronwyn, stay here for I believe that you can solve this discussion.” Jamie said with a great fatherly tone, something that Ronnee hadn’t ever heard before, for she never had a father figure in her life. “My son and wife, it seems, are overly zealous about the past.  They seem to think that you would prefer to have your wedding at the oldest estate, which is still a castle. We finished the work last week and planned on opening it to private reservation soon. I believe that you would rather have a nice elegant wedding at our modern home in England. Now tell me dear what would you rather have?”

Ronnee looked at Gavin. She didn’t know what to say, then she began haltingly, “Old English wedding, with bride on horse, reins handed over by father, feast for days, the 1500s type wedding?”

Gavin wore a smug look on his face when he looked at his father and said “Yes, dear. We have done quite a bit of research and believed we can replicate one of the wonderful weddings from the beginnings of our family. That is why I wanted it at the old estate. I want the whole nine yards.”

Jamie was frustrated to no end, “Son do you understand the expense? To pay all of the servants, and have the costumes done in time?”

“Mom had already been working on costumes for the grand opening. All fields have been planted and some have already been harvested. The town really is almost completely self sufficient. Besides, Dad, this is going to be my only wedding. For that matter, take it out of my inheritance.”

Maggie stepped in just then, “Jamie, please, it will be such fun.  A wedding that we haven’t seen the likes of in years.” She pleaded at him with her gold eyes.

“Ok, I give. Please do not sick your mother on me. I cannot fight her, anything but her.” Jamie laughed.  “Ronnee what do you want to do?”

“I love the medieval era.” Was all she could squeeze out of her constricted throat, the words barely audible.  It was like a dream come true. “What about my friends?”

“The invitations will be finished today and mailed along with specific instructions. All will be ok. I have spoken with your family and they are in agreement that England is fine.  Your grandfather is a fine person.” Gavin finished, smiling at her.

“They knew? How did everyone know but me? How did you know I would say yes? How presumptuous of you to assume every thing, leave me out and take control like I am nothing but an infant.”

Jamie laughed at his son’s face, “I am glad you picked one just like your Mother. Now I can rest in peace.” Still laughing he put his arm around Maggie and escorted her out to let the couple handle their differences. Maggie’s sweet laughter enjoined her husband’s boisterous one.


CHAPTER XXIV

Four hours later the family was on the private jet crossing the great expanse to England. Ronnee fell asleep in Gavin’s lap as he held her tight. He thought back to their argument earlier.  Ronnee had her point; he wasn’t including her much, so he decided to change.  He started kissing her neck and whispering things in her ear that he wanted to do to her tonight. Ronnee fought hard, but couldn’t withstand his onslaught of kisses. In the end Gavin won.

Gavin looked over at his mother and caught her staring at him. Maggie was amazed at how much her boy had turned into a man lately.  He was always responsible, handled business quite well, and increased their holdings as well net worth. But he had never been a family man, not wanting to settle down. He once told her he never wanted to marry and only wanted children. That worried Maggie, she used to envision dozens of bastards being brought to her to take care of. She was happy that he found someone worthy of him. Bronwyn was out of character for Gavin’s usual dates, but he never loved them either. You will never know who you soul mate is or when you will meet them, Maggie thought. Gavin is older than she wanted him to be when she envisioned him starting a family.

She watched him hold Ronnee tightly and saw their love grow every day. Maggie was glad that Ronnee had a spine and wouldn’t back down to Gavin’s every need and want.  Although, if she remembered right, it takes a little while to get that backbone to resist the Armstrong charm.  She looked at Ronnee and had a look of concern on her face.  Maggie noticed that Ronnee had an awful lot of migraines and was sleeping quite a bit. When she tried to talk to Ronnee about them, Ronnee just blew her off and said they were from her old neck injury.  Maggie stated her same concerns to Gavin, but he received the same answers from Ronnee.  Maggie tried to reason that Ronnee was just under a lot of stress, for her life had changed dramatically in a short time.  Ronnee usually worked harder than anyone else and tried her best to fit in.  Maggie watched as she started to relax around her family and let her true nature come out.  

Bronwyn had a delightful personality that made someone want to know her.  She would stop and help anyone, no matter what their race, creed, religion or status in life. She was the same to everyone. As her true personality erupted from its entrapments, Gavin and Ronnee’s love strengthened.  Since the children tended to run over Ronnee, Gavin stepped in and took over the control of the boys.  By the end of their second week in England, Keene and Ryder were beginning to behave like gentleman.  Gavin told them of the tricks that he and his brothers played on each other and, much to Ronnee’s horror, she caught her sweet, innocent boys trying a few of those tricks.

That brought about another argument altogether. 

Amanda stayed by Roger’s side until he returned to college.  Since he lived in England, he returned to the local university and Amanda and the boys were to be privately tutored until they returned to Washington State.
 
Amanda met several new friends and the boys seemed to pick up buddies as well. This was especially good for Ryder since he normally had problems making friends. Gavin watched as they blossomed and grew under his tutelage. All three children were very adept in academics. Ryder was creative, Amanda had all the book smarts that anyone could ask for and Keene, he excelled in many areas, but had a hard time keeping his mind off of girls and sports.  Each one of the children was a part of Ronnee and that amazed him. Gavin grew to love the kids and wished he could have a few of his own. Since he knew that it wasn’t possible he sunk his attentions in his soon to be step children.

Ronnee knew Gavin pined to have a child. How he craved to hold his new born babe. She questioned and fought with herself over her selfishness about not having anymore.  Since the argument that day on the trail, they hadn’t discussed having children.  Bronwyn knew that Gavin wanted a large family.  The longer this weighed on her mind, the heavier it became.  So quietly by herself, she made an appointment with Maggie’s OB/GYN.  For her wedding present, Ronnee was going to reverse her tubal ligation. She asked Maggie to go with her and told her what she wanted to do for Gavin.  Maggie cried and held her soon to be daughter-in-law. The two of them took off for a day and went to the appointment.

Due to the Armstrong money and influence, Ronnee had her final appointment two weeks later.  She almost chickened out.  What was she thinking?  Maggie would hold Ronnee, let her voice her fears and comfort her. The operation was not too hard on Ronnee for she was young and healthy, but she was warned not to do anything strenuous for two weeks.  Maggie made sure that Ronnee stayed around the house, took her horseback riding and completed research together.  Maggie kept Ronnee from Gavin for so much the last two weeks that he was completely disturbed. The wedding plans kept the women busy and since Gavin had to leave on business for a few days, Ronnee had a little more time to heal. Jamie asked his wife what was going on and all she reported was they were working on Gavin’s wedding present.

Every night possible after her initial two weeks of healing, Ronnee fell into Gavin’s arms and let him make love to her through the night.  Ronnee thought hard about making him wait for the remaining period but his sad eyes and moaning about waiting those two weeks were all she could handle. She was still sore from the surgery and when Gavin noticed, she nonchalantly told him, he was making her whole body sore from his constant attacks on it.  Gavin strutted and smiled and didn’t ask her any more questions.

Finally the wedding date was two weeks away.  Ronnee feigned a headache or two so that she could hide for her nervousness was great.  Ronnee looked forward to next week with great anticipation because all her friends, which wasn’t many, and her family was going to start arriving.  Gavin hired extra staff to work at the castle and made sure that everything was perfect.  Since the weather was still warm, the cold dampness of the castle would be abated. He had the fields finished for the mock jousts and the actors hired as court jongleurs and the townspeople that were included in this vast estate were readied for the experience they were about to get. 

Before Ronnee knew it her family and friends were arriving.  Gavin had limousines transport them from the airport to a small guard shack at the end of the property whereas their luggage was transferred into wagons pulled by great Belgium draft horses. The lighter traveling buggies carried the guests and they started the trek across the property surrounded by men dressed as knights in chain mail.  The serfs, or townsfolk were gathered along the path and waved as the procession marched by.  The first group that came through were Catie, Mike and their kids, followed by some of Ronnee’s family.  The next day Beth, Greg and their kids arrived with a group of Armstrongs.

The castle looked marvelous. Ronnee drifted about as if she was living a dream.  The house guests, which consisted of only family and special guests, were all shown to their room.  Full sized luxury baths existed on each floor, but each room only had a toilet and sink hidden behind a paneled wall.  The large four poster beds had ticked feather mattresses in them and each family had their own maids and servants. The rest of the guests stayed outside the Armstrong Estate in Inns, camped in open fields, or resided in some of the various huts.

The next two days floated by for Ronnee and before she knew it they were having a rehearsal dinner.  Jamie, who was always the life of a party, stood to start the toasts.  Seated in a ‘C’ shape were approximately 150 people.  Some of which Ronnee knew and many she didn’t.  The children were taken to another room in which there were one adult per five children making sure all behaved. Gavin had the older children, the Amandas, Courtnee, Henry, William and Roger stay in the dining room with the adults. There were a variety of other older teenagers attending, but Ronnee had no idea who they were.

The dinner started with a bread bowl of French Onion soup with a heavy cheese and crouton sauce, the main course consisted of various vegetables and meats, each with their own sauce followed by a light salad.  There were four servings total. Ronnee had never seen so much food in her life.  In the middle of the “C” was a carver carving a whole roasted pig as well as a great slab of beef.  There were servants every where. Never in her life, nor the lives of her friends and family, have they ever seen such a setting.  The chandeliers were candle lit and candelabras lined the tables. Since there wasn’t electricity in the castle, everything had an excellent taste to it for it was cooked over fire.  Different wines were served with each portion, save for the under aged, who received sparkling apple or grape juice.  Ronnee saw Gavin winking at the older children, namely the Amandas, Henry and Roger, and wondered if every glass was non alcoholic or not.  He was wrapped around Amanda’s pinky finger and it wouldn’t surprise Ronnee one bit if Amanda didn’t talk him into letting them have at least one serving of wine.

The evening ended too quickly for Ronnee. Guests were retiring to their respective bedrooms.  Suddenly, Ronnee became very nervous. Tomorrow was the wedding day. She excused herself from the table and ran up the stairs to the loft bedroom her and Gavin shared.

Maggie saw her daughter-in-law look sickly and turn grey and then run up the stairs.  Maggie excused herself to follow Ronnee.  She caught Caitlyn and Elizabeth and asked them to come with her. If what was wrong with Ronnee is what she thought it was, she was going to need her support group.  Maggie liked the two women and could see why Bronwyn adored them.

Together they found Ronnee sitting in a rocking chair in front of a cold fire place.  She was wrapped in a blanket and crying softly.

Maggie dismissed the servant and guard with a wave of her hand and sat down with the three women.  She took Ronnee’s hand in her own and spoke to her, “Honey, it will be ok.  This is a lot for someone to comprehend.  The Armstrongs are a difficult lot when they are small, but when they are together, it can be a bit overwhelming.”  Maggie looked up at Beth who was stroking Ronnee’s hair. Catie was pacing and had lit a cigarette. Maggie started to protest, but thought better of it.

Catie walked over to Ronnee and stuck a piece of gum in her mouth followed by the cigarette. “Here smoke this, it will calm your nerves.”

Ronnee reached up and took a deep breath inhaling the soothing smoke. Maggie noticed, “I am not sure Gavin would like this.” Any further comments were quelled by the look Catie shot her.  She has balls, Maggie thought and smiled.

Everyone sat quietly while Ronnee smoked the cigarette. She had stopped crying.  Her breathing quieted and her heart slowed.  She looked around. “I am so sorry. It was just too much. I thought, oh my gosh, I am getting married tomorrow to this man who is bigger than life, with this perfect family that everyone loves.  And then I remembered what I did for Gavin’s wedding present and thought, how stupid I was, for two reasons. One, I hadn’t been using protection and two, who am I to think I can do it again.”

Beth looked confused at Catie.  “Ronnee do you want to tell them what you are giving Gavin for your wedding present?” Maggie asked.

Ronnee looked horrified at that, “I am not sure.” The look that was shot her way made her change her mind, “I had my tubal ligation reversed.  Gavin wants children of his own.”

Beth looked excited and Catie looked shell shocked. “I know I am stupid. I screwed up bad enough with the first three.”

Beth took Ronnee’s other hand, “You didn’t screwed up, the situation you were in was screwed up. I think you were doing better than any of us could have in the same situation.”

“Really?” Ronnee asked hopefully.

Catie sat down on the floor and threw her butt into the fireplace.  “You were doing great. This guy ain’t an asshole like your ex was. He isn’t going leave you to fend and cause the problems your ex has. I can tell. And you know I don’t have much faith in men.”

Maggie smiled as the comment for she knew that these people knew her son and what was in his heart.

“Dear, why don’t you lie down.  Everyone is retiring to their own chambers, so you will not be missed.  You cannot see Gavin after tonight until after the wedding, so I will send him up for a bit.  But he cannot stay. It was the custom.”

“To hell with the custom, let this girl get herself some. That will relieve some of her stress.” Catie said laughing.

Ronnee started laughing. She was feeling better. Maggie looked at a bit put off by what Caitlyn said, but eventually laughed as well.  Maggie, Ronnee reasoned, was probably not used to some one quite so brusque.

One by one the three women kissed Ronnee and left her sitting in her chair thinking. A few minutes later Gavin walked in. He saw her sitting in the rocking chair all drawn up and was concerned. Something stopped Gavin, a weird smell, it almost smelled like, “Were you smoking in here?” he popped off.

Ronnee smiled sheepishly at him and tossed the butt she was still holding in the fireplace next to Catie’s.  

“I have told you I can’t abide that smell. It’s horrid. Please do not do that again.”

“I am sorry, Catie gave it to me to calm me down.  It worked. I guess I just sort of freaked out, because tomorrow is the day.” Ronnee placed her chin back on her knees.

“I am sorry love. I understand.” Gavin grabbed Ronnee’s hand and pulled her up.  

“Let’s go to bed.”

“But your mother said…”

“Customs were broken back then too,” he smiled as he started nibbling on her ear.  Gavin produced from under his shirt a small battery powered radio and turned it on.  The station was playing one of Ronnee’s favorite songs. Gavin knew the words and sang with his heart to Ronnee. 

It’s late in the evening
She’s wonderin’ what clothes to wear
She puts on her make up and brushes her long brown hair.
And then she asks me, “Do I look alright?”
And I say, “Yes, you look wonderful tonight.”

Gavin took Ronnee into his arms and slow danced with her. He sang the lyrics in her ear. When Gavin moved Ronnee’s head so he could look at her, she had tears in her eyes.  She closed her eyes for his voice was so melodic and relaxing. She laid her head against his shoulder and wrapped her arms about his neck. She always wanted to be serenaded with this song and now it was happening.  Gavin slowly moved her about the floor.  His hand running up and down her back as they danced to the song. Gavin sang softly into her ear. His voice was deep and harmonious. 

		And it’s wonderful
		Because I see the love that’s right in your eyes.	
		And the wonder of it all is that, 
		You just don’t realize,
		How much I love you… … … 

		Baby, you look wonderful, you’re everything I need and more.

As the last words left Gavin’s mouth, he led her to the bed and slowly laid her back on it. He lay down next to her, kissing her and soon they were lost to all but each other.	
	
After Ronnee was fast asleep in the bed, Gavin reluctantly left her side and went back down stairs.  His brothers, father and some friends, including the husbands of Beth and Catie, Greg and Mike respectively, were downstairs drinking the dark ale.

When Gavin returned, the dozen or so men that stayed behind raised their hard iron mugs and toasted him. Stephen, who was always the life of the party, made a comment about his brother trying the wares out before the wedding.  Gavin laughed and slapped him on the shoulder.  After a few mugs of the strong ale, some wrestling matches began. In the next couple of hours two tables and four chairs were broken. Jamie was too drunk to care. He hadn’t had this much fun in years. Gavin declared himself the wrestling champ for the night and then hiccup rather loudly. “I think I have had too much to drink.”

Paul laughed heartily, “Never too much older brother.” And poured him another one. When the second keg was gone, the men stumbled off to their beds.  The man servants stayed to follow their guest and make sure that each ended up where he was supposed to without getting hurt.  Gavin retired to the bachelor’s quarters with his youngest brother and his nephews. He fell heavily on a cot and went to sleep.



CHAPTER XXV

Weddings! Maggie thought. I am glad I only have to handle two more, one for Henry and one for Claire. The cake wasn’t what she wanted, but it would do.  One of the cooks quit and left them short of help, so Maggie sent Stephen on horseback to find a serf/village woman that could fill in, with pay of course.  Then she woke the next morning to find broken chairs and tables in the great dining hall.  She furiously marched back up to her room and slammed the door open so hard that it scared Jamie awake. “What, what is going on? Someone hurt?” He stammered.  His head pounded and his body hurt.

Maggie strode to the bed, “You will be hurt. There is broken furniture everywhere!”

Jamie started laughing, “I really don’t remember a whole lot. Something about wrestling. Oh, man that is why I am so sore. I wrestled all of my boys. I am too old for this. Perhaps that is when the furniture was broken.”  He waved a hand at her, “Let me go back to sleep woman, get a servant to replace it all.” He covered his head with a pillow and within moments was snoring again.

“Damn men,” Maggie muttered under her breath.

It was seven a.m. and the wedding was at three. Maggie found out quickly what a help Catie and Beth were.  Catie could arrange and decorate anything. Beth could bake and cook anything, so the two women were put to good use and were in charge of certain jobs.  Ronnee woke up and tried to join and she was hustled back off to her room. Everyone who wasn’t busy, or hung over, for that matter, was given a chore.

Ronnee sat in her room and took a nice long hot bath.  Her maid washed her hair, which felt utterly heavenly because she had nails and massaged Ronnee’s scalp. She washed her body and smothered her in a variety of concoctions, making her skin soft.

Ronnee asked tiredly. “What is your name?”

“Oh, Mistress Armstrong, it is not that important.”

“To me it is.”

“I am April.”

“I have a cousin name April.  Pretty name. If you will go and find the hair dresser, I need a moment of peace please.” 

“As you wish, Mistress.”

“Please stop calling me that.” Ronnee hollered as the small girl exit the door.

An hour later and four hours to wedding time, Ronnee sat in a soft chair and was having her makeup applied. Her hair was in rollers and drying.  Her dress was brought out of its plastic case, as well as the undergarments. I hate corsets, thought Ronnee. She had lost about 25 pounds since she met Gavin. It wasn’t near enough, but at least it was better than nothing. The corset would come in handy keeping the rest of her in line.

It took an hour for her makeup to be finished and for her manicure and pedicure and now they were working on her hair. Ronnee was about to die of boredom, when Catie staggered in. She was harried and bothered. “What is wrong with you Catie?”

“That, that woman. She will work you to death. I had to sneak away. I mean really, I have to get ready. You look beautiful. Well, what part they have done.”

“I am so bored, do you have a cigarette? My nerves are about to kill me.”

Catie flipped one over to Ronnee and tossed her the lighter. Catie had another lighter and was about to light her cigarette when Beth walked in. “Man, I thought I would never get away.” Catie and Ronnee laughed. Catie tossed Beth a cigarette and Beth dug out her lighter and the three were again getting ready to light when the door again opened.  They hid their prohibited items just in time to see Maggie enter.  

“Oh, there you are. I was trying to find you to tell you that your maids are waiting to dress you.  Come on girls, hurry. We are running out of time.” Ronnee, Beth and Catie looked at each other and shrugged. Maggie left with Beth and Catie on her heels.

Another hour passed and her hair was almost finished. April, her chambermaid, as Ronnee found out she was called, was putting on her stockings and connecting them to the garter.  She had Ronnee stand so she could put on the corset, when the hairdresser started in about Ronnee moving. Ronnee stood there fairly naked while the two argued.  She grabbed her cigarette out from its hiding spot and lit it.  Both servants looked at her and smirked. Ronnee stuck her tongue out and inhaled deeply.  She wasn’t a smoker, but right now, things were crazy and it sure helped her relax.

Ronnee was half way through the cigarette when the door opened yet again. She saw a red head start to come through so Ronnee threw the cigarette in to the fireplace and waved her hands around in front of her trying to dispense the smell.  She grabbed her robe and covered herself up. She looked harder and suddenly the person jumped in and slammed the door shut. Ronnee was startled. This was either one ugly woman, or…

Gavin stood and took off the ridiculous wig he wore. Ronnee laughed harder than she had all day. “I am sorry. I had to see you. That woman is nuts.”

Ronnee didn’t need to ask who “that woman” was.  Ronnee was still clutching the robe about her when Gavin walked up, his eyes blazing. “No, you have to leave. It really is bad luck.”  Gavin stopped and smiled and gave her a quick kiss.

“I had to bribe the guards to allow me into my own bloody bedroom.” He looked at the two maids, “There is 20 ₤ in it for you as well. What is that smell?” Gavin crunched his forehead, “Bronwyn Lee Armstrong…”

“Traversham, we aren’t married yet.”

Gavin dismissed that fact as void. “You and I are going to have a talk when this is through. I will not have you taking up…” The door started to open again. Gavin dove behind the changing screen, feet up in the chair.

Maggie walked in, “Gavin isn’t in here is he?”

Ronnee fought hard for a straight face, “No ma’am he isn’t.” 

“Well I can’t find that insolent man.  He may be my son, but there are times. You need to dress. We only have an hour and there will be more adjustments to be made.” She handed Ronnee the dress and pointed to the changing screen. “I will help you.”

Ronnee shot a look at April, who was to be given credit for her quick response, “Duchess Armstrong, you need to get ready. I will help the mistress dress and send someone for you as soon as we are ready.”  Ronnee stood behind the screen with her hands folded as in a prayer and whispered, “Thank you Lord.” Gavin on the other hand, didn’t have anything saintly on his mind.  He kept playing with Ronnee’s snapable crotch that was the under corset letting his fingers play in the moist cavern it hid. Ronnee slapped at his hand and peaked out, “Sorry there are some pesky bugs in here. Perhaps we can call an exterminator.” When Ronnee looked back down at Gavin and saw him licking his fingers, she almost fell apart.

Maggie pondered what April said, “Yes, we are running out of time. I will go get ready and be back soon. Please have her hair done and have her completely dressed. We will save the adjustments for last.” With orders given, Maggie was gone.

As soon as the door shut, Ronnee started hitting Gavin, “Are you stupid? You could have gotten us both caught and everyone in trouble.” Gavin was laughing and feigned to fight off her abuse. He gave Ronnee a quick kiss, donned his wig and after a peak out the door, was gone again.

It took another forty-five minutes to dress Ronnee, but when it was done she knew it was worth it.  The first layer was the corset, hose and garter. Next came a thin silk chemise that was covered by heavy petticoats of dark blue. A layer of silver petticoats were draped over the dark ones. Next the chambermaid dressed Ronnee in a thin silver under shirt and a one more light blue petticoat. Next came the outer layer.

The dress was inlaid with sterling silver and dark blue threads. The silver material of the under dress was pulled through the gaps in the cornflower blue outer sleeves that were attached at the shoulders by tiny pearl buttons. The beautiful and delicate collar of silver and lace was attached next. Twisted silver with blue material covered every hem and seam and hid the area where the sleeves and collar attached to the main dress. There were multiple layers of silver and blue that encompassed this vast dress. The long lace and silver veil had a train that flowed out and draped the ground behind her. The train was held on by a diamond and silver tiara. The dress was rather heavy, but the beauty of it masked any complaints. 

After Maggie made sure the dress fit her perfect, she led Ronnee outside to the inner courtyard, where a perfectly white Arabian mare waited. She wore on a black side saddle layered with silver and blue ornamentations.  Her bridle was of Arabic descent and fit the trappings perfectly.  Ronnee wondered how this little mare would ever hold her and the heavy dress. Two men helped Ronnee climb a small set of steps and then into the saddle. Since she had never ridden side saddle before, she was given brief instructions. Finally, her grandfather walked up. He had tears in his eyes at the beauty of her. You could see the silver that had been bound in her hair under her veil.  The blue in the dress made her eyes sparkle.

“My dear Bronwyn, you look stunning. I must say I have never seen such beauty in you before.”  Tears threatened to flow, but Ronnee fought them back. She heard Maggie speak behind here where she was adjusting her train, “Don’t you dare cry and mess up all of this hard work.”

The band made up of lutes and flutes, as well as various stringed instruments and pipes, played the processional piece as they walked the path towards the chapel. Next came the Bride’s maids, led by the Groom’s Men and then came Jamie leading Maggie on horseback. Ronnee’s mother didn’t want to participate so she sat in the audience. Finally, Bronwyn’s grandfather led the mare by a yard of blue and silver silk that matched Ronnee’s dress.  As they turned the corner the crowd hushed as they saw Gavin’s bride.  Ronnee finally gained strength to do something other than not fall off the side saddle and looked up towards where Gavin was supposed to be waiting.  

Only her pride and the corset kept her upright.  Gavin was standing there in all his splendor.  He had on a black doublet with the Armstrong Black panthers insignia embroidered into it.  He wore black breechcloth shorts and hose that wrapped around his muscular legs and formed to them.  A gold and black braid twisted on the hems and collars and sleeve edges. His outfit was interlaid with gold and a row of jewels ran along the collar below the gold braid.  On his side he wore a long sword with gold inlay and jewels embedded into the hilt, even though the sword was polished and shiny, if you looked hard enough you could see the wear from hundreds of years of use.  At his waist was a small dagger, similar to the long sword.  His belt was black twisted with gold and a large gold buckle in the front.  Ronnee had never seen a more stunning man.  Her grandfather handed the silk lead to Gavin’s father and stepped aside.  Jamie led the mare the next couple of feet and stopped in front of Gavin.  Gavin, with Jamie’s help, aided Bronwyn’s dismount, which was no mean feat. As Ronnee slid down, Gavin let his hands slide up her body until his thumbs brushed against her breasts.

Gavin stared at Ronnee and couldn’t move.  She was so beautiful.  More beautiful than he could ever have guessed or desired. She literally took his breath away. He turned her veil to the back of her head and led her by her hand to the steps of the church and together they knelt before the Priest who stood above them.

Ronnee couldn’t take her eyes off of Gavin. She stared at him, not hearing, nor caring what the Priest said. When she heard the Priest say, ‘to love, honor and obey until death do you part’, she gathered up the courage to look away from Gavin and say “I do,” clearly and loudly.

Gavin’s spell was broke when Ronnee looked away and he refused to look back until his part was over. After he said “I do.” Gavin reached over and grabbed the back of Ronnee’s head and kissed her with all the love and passion that existed in the world. It was an impromptu kiss and Gavin knew it wasn’t time, but at this point, he didn’t care. When he released her, he looked deep into her eyes, “I love you with all my heart and soul.”

Gavin helped Ronnee stand and they turned to the crowd.  Ronnee grew dizzy, there must be over 500 people out there!  She looked down and on the right side of her where her Bride’s Maids stood and enjoyed the beauty of each woman.  Their dresses were a darker blue than Ronnee’s, but there was silver embroidered into each gown. The gowns were far simpler but were more than any of them had ever seen before. Amanda, Beth and Catie looked more beautiful than anyone could imagine.  Mike and Greg sat in the front row with their mouths agape not able to take their eyes off of their wives.  Roger was off to Amanda’s side protective of her, not allowing anyone to touch her. The scenery of the wedding will leave a major impression on each and every person in attendance for life.

Looking to the right, Ronnee saw the Groom’s Men, Stephen, Paul and Henry and another man she hadn’t met yet named Suttles. They were dressed in black doublets, breechcloths shorts and hose like Gavin, but with less ornamentation. They each carried a sword that was etched in gold and carried precious stones buried into the hilts. The swords, like Gavin’s shone brightly, but the centuries of wear were obvious to the eye. Each had their own eating dagger tucked into their belts that were twisted gold and black. The men all wore black soft shoes and the women wore soft white leather kid slippers that tied around their ankles.

Gavin aided Ronnee in mounting the mare and he mounted his black Frisian stallion, Knight, and together they walked the horses down through the crowd.  They were followed by the Groomsmen and Bride’s Maids, also mounted, and surrounded by a dozen mounted knights.  The silver chain gleamed against the black velvet of the doublets of each man.  In front the Armstrong Leopard banners flew proud held by the senior knight.

Maggie and Jamie mounted their matching horses and rode just in front of the newlywed couple.  Maggie had tears in her eyes as she watched the beauty of it all.  She looked over and smiled at Jamie who was staring at her with such intensity. “Jamie, please do not look at me like that.  We are in public.” She laughed over the noise of the crowd, which was throwing bird seed and roses at the procession.

Jamie looked at his wife with heavily lidded eyes, “Meet me in our suite in thirty minutes.  I don’t care how you get away, just do it.”

Maggie blushed down to her toes, “Jamie, I have guests.”

Jamie leaned over and grabbed her reins, halting her horse.  He grabbed Maggie and pulled her to his waiting lips. “If you want to invite them, then please do, otherwise, be there in thirty minutes.” He released her and let his hand lay on her thigh as they continued forward.

Maggie was so embarrassed that she stammered for words, “Love, please behave.”

“If you do not agree to meet me in thirty minutes, I will jerk you off that horse and take you there myself now.” Jamie’s eyes were darkened with lust. “That will set their tongues to wagging for months to come.”  He laughed, for he couldn’t stand most of the people here that pretended to be their friends.

“Yes dear, I promise. Thirty minutes, now will you stop?” Her voiced pleaded, but her eyes belied her voice.  She was looking forward to this tryst.

Gavin was too busy staring at Ronnee to notice his parents stalling ahead. He felt his horse stop and looked forward.  A smile spread across his face as the scene unfolded. He leaned over to Ronnee and whispered into her ear, “Looks like we aren’t the only ones who are going to get lucky tonight.”  He turned her head to look at his parents.  Ronnee cracked and grin and softly laughed at the scene unfolding in front of her. Gavin enjoyed his parents immensely and laughed with his whole body.  

The parade made a small loop through the village and moved back towards the inner castle walls. At the entrance to the family quarters, Gavin dismounted quickly so he would be the one to help Ronnee dismount.  His parents were already going inside and from the quickness of their walk, there weren’t going to be seen for awhile.  Gavin laughed, “Not a bad idea.”

He guided Ronnee through the foyer and into the Great Hall.  They were followed by the Bride’s Maids, Groom’s Men and several servants and the immediate guests.  The rest of the guests dined outside under great tents and ate a bit of a lesser meal of barbeque.  

As Ronnee and Gavin were being seated, an announcer entered the room, “Ladies and Gentlemen, May I present the King and Queen of Laconia, Keeton and Aria Armstrong.”

The room stood and bowed to the entering couple.  Jamie, who had just arrived with his slightly disheveled wife, walked over and grasped his brother in a back slapping hug. They spoke for several moments, while Maggie, who had been trying to fix her mussed hair, half-curtsied and led Aria to the head of the table.

It was all so much for Ronnee. She couldn’t keep the names straight. Duke this, Lord that, Earl of something-or-another. Now a king and queen?! How could she ever fit into this family?  Gavin looked over at his new bride and saw her bereft look.

“What is the matter my love?” Ronnee just looked up at him. Her lip quivered in fear of this enormous family. “Aww, sweet, what is wrong?”

Ronnee gazed out at the table of people, to where Keeton and Aria were being seated and looked back at Gavin. 

“It is all a bit much, isn’t it.  Sometimes I can’t believe that I am a member of this ominous family either.  Do not worry.  Look at Paul and Madison. She doesn’t have anything big to bring to the family. They just love each other.  And, over there is Carolyn. She rarely comes to family functions, since Ayden disappeared, but Mother wouldn’t let her say no. I think she only came because she has a lead or something. She loves him so much. Anyway, Carolyn was very poor when she entered the family and look at her now.” 

He turned and looked Ronnee in the eye. “Love, you are not the only one in this family that is not royalty. Besides a few earl titles, Stephen gets the majority of the titles. I don’t care and do not want them. I want you and that is all I want.”

Gavin took her hand and kissed the back of it. He leaned up and wiped the tear away from her eye, “Don’t want you messing up your makeup. Now give me a smile.”

“Oh, Gavin I love you so much. You are too good to be true. It’s like I am going to wake up anytime now and this will all be a dream. You won’t be real flesh and blood.”

Gavin moved the hand he was holding and placed it under the table covering his crotch. “Shall we go upstairs so I may prove I am flesh and blood?”

Bronwyn’s cheeks reddened a bit but she looked around to make sure no one could see. “I love you Gavin.”  She leaned forward and kissed him, while she moved her hand and rubbed him hard.

“You chit, stop that,” he laughed. “Unless you want me to carry you out of here and straight to the bedroom.” He raised his eyebrows in question.

“I really would love that right now, but I think it would be better if we stayed and tended to our guests.”

Gavin laughed, “As you wish my dear.” Then he leaned in and whispered in her ear, “Just think of me and what I can do to you, what we are going to do tonight, what we have tried and all the things we haven’t.”

Ronnee gasped, “You devil.”

Gavin’s laughter reined supreme as he leaned over and pecked her on the cheek, “Behave now my love and enjoy the food.”

***
Carolyn looked over at Bronwyn. She sensed something she didn’t like. After dinner she stood up and walked over to Ronnee. “I hope you will love this family as much as I do.” She gave her new relative a hug and had an impression of pain and suffering. There was something else there that she couldn’t place yet.  Ronnee’s aura was fuzzy and that was unusual.  After a brief conversation with Ronnee, Carolyn excused herself and went to her room to meditate.

Gavin saw Carolyn leave and walked over to Ronnee, “What is wrong love?” 

“I am not sure,” Ronnee whispered. “I feel like she knows something or wanted to tell me something, but wouldn’t.”

“It is ok, love. She has special powers. She is normal like you and I, however, she is far more gifted.  She will tell you what it is, in due time. Come on, let’s go meet Uncle Keeton and Aunt Aria.”

Ronnee didn’t say much for she felt overwhelmed by the presence of royalty, even though the titles did not mean much nowadays. She listed to Gavin and Keeton talk about new equipment that Keeton wanted Gavin to ship over.  Keeton was a bit older than Jamie, but Ronnee could definitely see the family resemblance.  Gavin also introduced her to some of the German Armstrong relatives that were just now rejoining the already large family. Ronnee met the eccentrics of the family, the elder, younger, wiser and even met some members who were not endowed with the Armstrong beauty.  There were so many people to meet and faces to remember that by the end of the evening Ronnee’s head was swimming with information.  

If there was one thing she could tell from this evening, it would be that the Armstrong’s were family who took care of each other. Rarely was there a black sheep for the family pride and rigid rules kept the children from straying too far.  Ronnee could tell that the family was loved and loved to love; that they didn’t treat anyone different, whether he or she was royalty or a poor single mother.  Divorce seemed rather rare as well. Ronnee liked that. To her it seemed like loyalty was very important.  Couples worked out their problems together.  

After dinner, Gavin led Ronnee to the ball room where they danced the night away. She was flushed and excited from the day’s activities.  Whatever she ate was definitely worked off on the dance floor. Whether it be brother, uncle, father, cousin, it didn’t matter, they all sought her hand for a dance. Gavin was kept busy dancing with a variety of women and Ronnee had a sinking feeling they were not all related.

As one quick stepping dance ended and a slow waltz began, she found herself being pulled onto the dance floor by yet another stranger.  He took her effortlessly into his arms and started to float about the floor, guiding her perfectly. “I dare say that Gavin married himself a beautiful woman. My name is Suttles. There is more too it, but that is irrelevant.  All know me by Suttles.  I have been Gavin’s mate since we were young chaps. The crowd about you has been so large, that this would be the first time I have been able to meet you personally.  It seems my esteemed friend forgot about me.” Suttles laughed. He knew Gavin was just a jealous person and didn’t want to risk introducing her to him. He wasn’t the handsome man that Gavin was, but he had removed a few of Gavin’s former girlfriends for him. Suttles did so as a way to teach Gavin who was using him and who wasn’t.

“Nice to meet you Suttles, I am Bronwyn.” Ronnee spoke, quickly realizing he was one of the Groom’s Men.

“So tell me about yourself.”

“There isn’t much to say.  I am who I am and not even Gavin can change that. I live for my children and my family.” She laughed, “Although I am not quite certain if I have enough life for a family the size of this one.”

Suttles found himself liking this girl.  She doted on Gavin and he could see her emotions in her eyes. Gavin was right, she wore her inner being in her eyes. As the dance ended, Suttles spun her around and bowed, “I must say that I am impressed.  You handle yourself well. I will admit I had some doubts, but I can see that you truly love Gavin for who he is, not what he is. It is what I have been hoping he would find.”  With that said he planted a hearty kiss on her lips, much to Ronnee’s surprise, and led her back towards Gavin.  Ronnee heard a scowl emit from Suttle’s throat as they neared Gavin.

Suttles walked up and grabbed Gavin’s hand and placed it in Ronnee’s.  He then grabbed the girl that was standing there fairly drooling over Gavin, “Come on Kimberly. This isn’t your night, nor will it ever be.”  He seethed as he forcefully pulled her through the crowd.

Ronnee stood looking up at Gavin. He looked down and saw her face, “What? She is an old girlfriend that can’t take ‘no’ for an answer. Ask Suttles, he will tell you.”

Ronnee’s eyes softened as she looked at the man she married this eve.  “I am sorry. I just feel like the average person here with all this beauty around.”

Gavin looked at her and laughed, “Average? Have you not seen the tongues wagging as you walk by? Nay, my love, you are not average. Never have been and never will be.”

Gavin turned her and bent his head so his lips could meet hers. “You are the most stunning bride since my mother.”

Ronnee blushed and stammered, “Thank you.”

Night descended on the romantic setting of the Armstrong Wedding. Servants were busying themselves with the lighting of the candles, torches, chandeliers and candelabras that were scattered throughout the vast castle and its grounds. The personal servants were kept busy lighting the fires in the fireplaces, turning down beds and readying bathes for their families. The castle was romantic with the soft radiance from the various candles and fires burning. The hallways were colored black and white and with the married gentle shadows that flowed into a soft gray. The flickering lights dared to threaten the dimness at times, but were thwarted by the vary depths of the darkness.

 The fires warmed the slightly cooling castle making it homey and romantic. Couples walked around in the soft light holding hands, whispering of the night to come. The air was contagious with love and it affected every person in the castle. If one looked hard enough, he or she could find couples secreted in clandestine meetings in various hiding places enjoying an early evening taste of the night yet to come.

The women started to separate from the men. The men went to the Great Hall and stood around the fire place drinking ale.  Some of the women retired, some went to the kitchen to sneak food, others snuck drink, however, there were still a great many milling around Bronwyn as Maggie led Bronwyn upstairs.  “I fought like crazy for this part not to happen.  I know that to us women it is embarrassing and degrading, but I lost in the end.  I guess the sport of it all, is what drove them to fight me so hard.  I know you have no idea what is about to take place but let me explain.”  Maggie took her new daughter’s hand in hers.

Ronnee thought for a moment.  She had always loved the medieval era. In fact fancied herself with dreams of living in that moment in time. She thought back to her studies and amateur research. Her face reddened as she remembered, “Wait, I know.  It is the wedding night ceremony whereas the women undress the new bride and place her in bed and wait for the men to bring her new groom up as they undress him and chant lewd sexual things about what is going to happen.”  Her eyes were alit with excitement.

Maggie laughed.  Her new daughter surprised her immensely.  Who would ever have known that this woman loved the exact same things as Gavin. “Have you and Gavin ever spoke of your similarities? Of the way you both like certain things?”

“Not really. Some things we have, but I had found through the ages that most do not want to hear of the past for they do not care.  I have learned to keep what I enjoy most to myself.”

“My dear, no, do not keep that from Gavin, for he is driven by some unknown force to make things of that era return. It is odd.” Maggie and Ronnee mounted the stairs.  The women following them now were limited to Beth, Catie and a maid. Maggie made sure that the rest of the women were to leave and left explicit instructions not to allow the nosey women up to the private quarters. It is bad enough that Jamie was going to let this “thing” go on, but she wasn’t going to encourage it at all. There were many customs she loved from the days gone by, but this wasn’t one of them.

Ronnee took a nice long hot bath and drank some port. The maid was taking her hair down and washing it as Ronnee talked to Beth and Catie. “I have never been so nervous in my life.”

Catie handed her a razor, “Here you better shave again, just to make sure that you are smooth.”

Ronnee flinched, “Maggie had me waxed. Hurt like hell, but at least I don’t have to shave for awhile.  I also had a facial peel, body wrap, manicure, pedicure, massage and lord only knows what else done to me in the last few days.”  The threesome laughed.

After Maggie left, Beth grabbed a pack of cigarettes from her pocket, “You want one?”

“No, Gavin can’t stand the smell of them. This port is relaxing me enough.  Hey Catie will you refill me please?”

Catie rolled her eyes and said in half jest, “Already ordering us around like a maid.” Beth and Ronnee laughed.

“I have never been so nervous in my life.” Ronnee said again after a few moments of silence.  The maid had finished washing and now was soaking her hair in some concoction to make it extremely soft.

“You have already said that. What are you so nervous about? Don’t lie and tell me you haven’t slept with him because you already confessed once.”

“It is just different. I feel like a virgin again.” Ronnee mumbled shyly.

Laughing with no holds barred, the two women, who Ronnee thought were her best friends were now rolling on the floor. “What is so bloody funny about that?” She asked with some ire in her voice.

Battling to contain themselves, Beth finally piped up, “I am sorry Ronnee. You have three kids, and well, you have slept with Gavin. We will leave the rest unsaid. It just sounded funny that is all.”

“I am glad you found it funny.”

Catie leaned over and splashed Ronnee’s face, “Damn girl, you would laugh your ass off if anyone said I was a virgin.”

Ronnee’s face cracked a smile and the three started laughing again.

An hour later, after soaking, washing, scrubbing, massages and more port, Ronnee was led to the bed in a soft robe. She felt giddy. The port had gone to her head and combined with the nervousness she had, made her a bit light headed.  Catie and Beth pulled the bed back and made it look neat. They sprinkled red rose petals about the bed and floor as Maggie instructed. Candles were lit, the fire was burning and Maggie allowed a small Bose’ radio in for this night, with an extra pack of batteries. “Probably the same one Gavin snuck in here last night.” Ronnee laughed finding that small thing humorous. 

Beth made a grab for the glass of port, “You have had enough.” She said sternly.  

Ronnee laughed back at her and snatched it away, downing the remaining contents.  She looked to the carafe and found it empty. “Damnit. April get me some more port.”

Catie turned to open the door for the maid when Beth shot her a look that made her think twice.  Before Catie could make a decision, they heard a ruckus coming down the hallway.  It sounded like a dozen or so very drunk men who were laughing, hollering and chanting lewd remarks.  All the suddenly the door burst open and Maggie stood in front of the drunk men.  Several of which were carrying Gavin and helping him remove his clothing. 

Maggie steeled herself, “You are not coming in here. Put Gavin down before you hurt him and leave!” Much to Maggie distress, Jamie grabbed her and threw her over his shoulder.

“Hush woman, this is man’s work.” Jamie said a bit slurred as he accentuated his words with a slap on her raised rear end. “Hold still woman, before I allow these men to follow suit with us tonight.”  Never had a roar of such laughter shook the halls of the castle. Jamie moved aside and Gavin was deposited on the floor beside the bed. He was standing in his loincloth staring at Ronnee.

Gavin couldn’t believe his eyes.  He had drunk so much that he was staggering.  He didn’t want his wedding night to be like this, but he didn’t slow down on the ale because he was having so much fun with his friends and family. Ronnee was propped up in bed. Her long hair flowing about her shoulders.  The candlelight bounced off her hair and for the first time he realized the multiple hues her hair held. She was flushed and holding the bed clothes to her neck as she reddened with embarrassment.  Gavin took a step forward, and then some part of his brain, turned around and slammed the door on the crowd standing in the hallway. “Leave!” he barked to whoever was left in the room.

Catie started to protest at his rudeness, but Beth pulled her out followed by Jamie, who was still carrying Maggie.

When the door shut and the room became eerily silent, save the soft music in the background, Gavin finished removing his clothes. The sight of his bride had sobered him greatly.  He stood by the bedside completely naked and watched Ronnee as she took in the sight.  At her probing eyes, Gavin chuckled. “Come here my sweet. Have you not seen enough yet?”

Ronnee blushed at being caught obviously perusing him. Gavin climbed into bed next to her and reached over and touched his wife. “Bronwyn Lee Armstrong, you are so beautiful and sexy laying here like this. I feel nervous.”

A sigh of relief left Ronnee rather sudden, for at least she wasn’t the only one. She turned her eyes to him and lifted her hand to his face. Gavin slid over and covered her face with his. “I love you so very much.” Gavin said so softly that it was barely audible.

“I love you too.” She replied in a sensual whisper.

Gavin had so longed to hear the words.  He could only remember hearing them from her just one or two other times, no matter what he said. “Do you really love me?” 

Ronnee smiled, “No one else but you, this man here in my bed. Not the other man.”

Gavin laughed, “So this is where you aim to keep me the rest of my living days? As a sex slave?”

Ronnee laughed, “I am not sure if you are that good.”

Gavin’s face turned serious, his eyes darkened with obsession, “If you say so…” He kiss made her toes curl and her body tingle. He slid over on top and entered her quickly. Their desire for each other was so strong that this lovemaking session was rough and rapid. When their energies were spent, Gavin rolled over and held her. “Remember that day in the steam room?”

Ronnee softly said, “Yes.”

“That was only a quarter of what you are going to get tonight, my love.”  He started kissing her with fervor. His hands roaming and exploring and teasing every square inch of her body.

Their wedding night was spent in bliss. Gavin made love to Ronnee all night long and well into the morning. They explored each other’s bodies until they knew each scar and curve.  Ronnee finally steeled the nerve to ask him about each scar and he answered her between kisses and assaults.  When Ronnee finally begged Gavin for a resting spell, Gavin laughed and made fun.  However, inside he was secretly relieved for he was very tired and wasn’t sure if he had another round left in him.

 A light breakfast of toast and fruit was brought in sometime in the morning. Gavin and Ronnee fed each other. After a few mishaps of fallen fruit that had to be cleaned up by tongues, the food platter and its remaining contents were dumped on the floor as they made love again.  Ronnee fell asleep in Gavin’s arm, extremely happy and for the second time in her life completely satiated.  Gavin drifted off and thought of how he had never been so fulfilled in his life before. He was satisfied and for once he was a whole man.



CHAPTER XXVI

A couple hours later the maid woke Ronnee, as she was cleaning up the mess, they made.  Ronnee apologized to her and then realized Gavin was gone. His scent wafted from the pillow and Ronnee secretly wondered if all this lovemaking had made her pregnant yet.  He still wasn’t aware of the reversal as far as she knew and she wanted to surprise him.

The maid made Ronnee get up and bathe again. Ronnee was so tired that she protested at great lengths at first. Then the maid told her that she was supposed to dress and wear favors for her husband as he competed today in the jousts.

Ronnee sat up. Real jousts.  She was out of bed and into the tub before April knew what was going on. “Mistress, the men have to bring up the hot water first.”

Ronnee was embarrassed and realized that she did indeed jump into an empty tub. Damn, she thought, why can’t this place have running water?

Ten minutes later, as if by cue, the male servants walked in carrying buckets of hot water.  When they left Ronnee climbed in and hurriedly washed herself under the protests of the maid.  While April rolled and dried Ronnee’s now fairly long hair, Ronnee was nervous with anticipation.  

Finally, Ronnee was dressed in a pretty gown of blue and silver, similar to the one she was married in yesterday, but not nearly as extravagant.  She noticed that her drape was embroidered with the Armstrong Black Panther symbol. Ronnee’s hair was twisted with a variety of blue and silver ribbons that were easily removed by pulling on them.  April explained to Ronnee that these were her favors.

Maggie knocked at the door and entered.  Her gown of gold highlighted her auburn hair and her gold eyes.  She was beautiful and even at her age she made men’s heads turn.  She had gold favors twisted all through her hair for her husband.  

Ronnee thought for a moment, “Isn’t Jamie, I don’t want to seem rude, but a bit too old for the jousts?”

“I thought that too, but after last night,” Maggie’s face reddened. “He hasn’t seemed to have lost his stamina or strength. He wanted to enter, even if he loses, he said, just to prove he isn’t the old man and can still fight. He wouldn’t listen to reason.”

Behind her Ronnee saw Beth and Catie enter.  They were beautifully dressed in gowns that showed their greatest strengths and made what little they had in some places look much bigger.  Their husbands were following behind them, complaining about wearing tights like a woman.  Ronnee always knew that Beth was very feminine but Catie had always dressed like her, sporty and for comfort, so the transformation of Caitlyn was amazing. Even Mike couldn’t keep his eyes off of her.

The small procession walked down the stairs and out into the inner bailey.  There were horses and men everywhere.  Beyond the outer bailey gates Ronnee could see tents with flags on top. She surmised that they were the tents where the knights stayed for the jousts.  She saw children running everywhere, but didn’t see hers.

“Beth, where are the kids?”

“They should be coming any minute.” Catie pointed over to where Henry was standing with some ladies and governesses.  “I see Henry, Ryder, Keene…”

Keene turned and saw his mother and much to the surprise of his governess took off running, “Mom, this woman thinks she is my Mom. I said she wasn’t.” He said breathlessly.

Ronnee waved off the governesses and the children came over. The ladies that were standing there with Henry were none other than the Amandas. They were elegant and now carried a mature look. Henry bowed and pardoned for his leave as he readied for the jousts.  Amanda-Lynne was wearing a gown of pink with pink favors in her hair.  Amanda-Nicole had a similar gown on but of yellow, with yellow favors. They fairly glowed and that worried Ronnee. Catie was still looking around, “Where is Courtee?”

The Amandas laughed, “She hit the governess, said she wasn’t getting into any contraption such as that and ran off. She was in the tree over there.”  Amanda-Lynne said as she pointed to a big oak. Catie rolled her eyes, “Courtnee get down from there now!” and strode off to deal with her wayward daughter.

Colby, Keene, and Ryder were in black breechcloth pants, hose and dark blue doublets.  They were all dashing, and after they relaxed about wearing women’s hose, they enjoyed the dress up game. The twins, L’Erin and Lorraine, were dressed in gowns similar to the Amandas. They had white favors to give the knights of their choosing.  They were both so shy, however, that Ronnee doubted that they would ever leave Beth’s side.

They walked to their stands where the Armstrong family was seated.  Beside them was Keeton and Aria, as Ronnee was told to call them outside Laconia. Keeton excused himself, for he was even going to joust since he heard his brother had come out of retirement. Aria shook her head with the knowledge that arguing was futile.  One of their sons was going to joust; the other couldn’t make it for he was too busy taking care of the country while his parents were gone.

Since Henry and Roger were suited for their first official joust, William, Ryder and Keene were allowed to be squires to the four brothers.

Later Catie showed up without Courtnee. “I can’t find her now. She got mad when I told her she had to wear the dress and ran off.” Catie looked like she was about to scream. 

Another boy showed up and started working as a squire.  Jamie didn’t know who it was, but didn’t worry any for this boy was doing a good job.  When this new boy walked passed the stands carrying several lances and struggling to keep them all from falling, Catie jumped up and yelled, “Courtnee Diane, you get over here this instant.” Courtnee just stuck her tongue out and kept walking. Laughter ensued the stands, and Mike excused himself to go make sure that Courtnee was ok.

Catie was flabbergasted, “Whatever am I going to do with that girl? She was wearing the boys’ clothes.”

“How is that any different from back home?”

Catie shrugged and laughed.  Courtnee was a tomboy and would eventually outgrow it, but it could be very frustrating to a mother who so wanted a little girl in dresses.

The first game for the day was the sword fight.  The men actually wore the full steel armor with their faces hidden by the helmets. Years of experience paid off for the two older Armstrong men as they felled their competition and ended up in the championship round against each other. Training on the fields in Laconia kept Keeton a bit fitter than his younger brother and he finally defeated him as Jamie tired.  As in the times of old, Keeton was given an trophy in the means of a gold feather.

The wrestling was an event the women enjoyed, unless it was your husband being ogled at, for the men wore nothing other than their breechcloth.  The older men sat out this, for they were exhausted from the sword games. Gavin and Stephen each lost out in the semi finals. The local boy beat Stephen and then a German Armstrong beat Gavin. The German was built like a tree, wide shoulders, short and squat and very powerful. Gavin dressed quickly and he arrived to sit by his new bride and moved rather stiffly. The final round ended up with a local boy battling for the championship with the German. The German won the trophy of a golden leaf after a quick match.  

“Are you ok sweetheart?”

Gavin smiled meekly, “That man is like a tree stump. I liked to have killed myself just making it this far.  He was strong as an ox. I will be sore for several days.”  Gavin grinned and looked over at his wife, “Mrs. Armstrong, would you like to come to my tent and help me dress?” He waggled his brows at her.

“I like the sound of that…Mrs. Armstrong, however, it makes me feel old.” Ronnee paused, then added, “Is that proper and allowed?” 

“Anything is allowed here if you are my wife. I have something to take care of so give me a few minutes and then come on down to the tent with the black and gold Armstrong Black Panthers…that is my tent.” Gavin leaned over and gave Ronnee a heartfelt kiss.  He tickled her tongue with his own and as he pulled back whispered, “I cannot wait for our joust tonight.”

It took Ronnee a few moments to glean the meaning of his words. She blushed furiously after he left. Ronnee gave Gavin five minutes and then excused herself as she made her way to his tent. She was amazed at how clean the grounds were.  There wasn’t any garbage or any feces from the animals anywhere.  Ronnee could see servants running to and fro, keeping things neat. 

Ronnee saw Gavin’s tent and began to enter but she heard arguing and the sound made her pause.  She heard Gavin’s rough voice at loggerheads over a woman’s more delicate tone. Ronnee pulled back the tent flap and entered.  She watched a woman trying to paw her husband and her husband furiously telling her to leave. 

Ronnee walked over and tapped the woman on the shoulder, “Excuse me?”

Gavin looked at her in shock with eyes begging for understanding. “What surprised I am here as you requested?” As soon as the words came out of Ronnee’s mouth, she regretted them.  He was trying to make the woman leave. Gavin turned a furious face on her. Ronnee shot it back at him and repeated to the woman’s back. “Excuse me?”

The woman turned around and said, “Do you mind? I am talking with Gavin, you can talk with him later.”

Ronnee’s stiffened her back and seemed to grow taller as she sized up the spiteful woman. “It doesn’t seem that Gavin wants to speak with you, so leave.” Gavin smiled as he watched this unfold.  He sat down and leaned back on the cot.

“I don’t think you know who I am, but you had better not talk to me that way again.” The small spiteful woman spit back at Ronnee.

“And who do you think you are?” Ronnee asked, her voice dripping with sarcasm. 

The woman tossed her hair and cocked her hip, “I am Kimberly Van Helsing.” She said as if the name would mean anything to Bronwyn.

“I am sorry I am not familiar with your name, but perhaps you are familiar with mine, I am Bronwyn Lee Armstrong, Gavin’s wife.” Ronnee narrowed her eyes at the little woman, “And if you know what is good for you, you would leave, not come back and never speak to, for, with or about my husband again.”

Kimberly stood still and looked Ronnee in the eye, “I can see they were correct, you are an ugly, large and dense woman.”

“I do not believe that anyone has called me ugly, for I can see that I am not and more importantly, my husband knows I am not. I would rather be soft and cuddly than a little stick, who doesn’t have the strength to keep up with the stamina of a man like Gavin, if you understand my meaning. As far as being dense, I think you have the corner on that market, for you have been asked to leave several times and cannot get it through your thick skull what that means.” Ronnee leaned in and poked the woman in the chest. 

Kimberly reached back and slapped Ronnee across the face. Ronnee face jerked a bit and then before Gavin could react, she drew back a fist and punched the bitch in the face.  Kimberly’s nose started bleeding and when she started crying and the noise wore on Ronnee’s nerves, she grabbed the girl and pushed her out of the tent flaps. 

Gavin was stifling his humor, but at the horror of Ronnee shoving the poor girl out, he spoke, “Ronnee, sweetheart, don’t you think she at least deserves some attention? Can we get a maid to help?”

Ronnee leaned out of the flap, “Hey you, take that sobbing woman over there to the house and get her cleaned up and see that she gets any medical attention she needs.” Ronnee re-entered the tent.  

As she turned Gavin grabbed Ronnee by her waist and pulled her roughly against him. He grabbed her hair, being careful not to mess it up and pulled her head to the side.  He kissed her with such vengeance that she knew her lips bruised. His tongue probed deep and he took her to a large chair. He untied the front panel to his hose and let himself free. He sat down on a chair and ran his hands up Ronnee’s legs to where the crotch to her corset was.  He tore the snaps apart and was glad she didn’t wear underwear and kept to the traditional attire. Before she could protest, he sat her on top of him, spreading her legs with his own.  He impaled her slowly for he knew she wasn’t ready, but he had to have her and he had no restraint. After glancing quickly at the flap to make sure it was closed, Gavin started moving within her.  Ronnee’s dress collapsed about the both of them, so unless you were spying and watching, someone just entering would not have known, although they may have guessed, what the two newlyweds were up to. Gavin felt tension build in his body and moved Ronnee’s hips harder against his. 

Ronnee used her legs and moved herself up and down to the faster tempo that Gavin created. She was climbing the hill towards the summit rather quickly. She grasped Gavin’s shoulders and gripped hard. She tilted her head back exposing her throat where Gavin took the skin in his mouth sucking and licking. He grabbed her head and pulled her lips to his and crushed them to him.  Ronnee rode him hard and then started losing strength and control as she peaked. Gavin grabbed her waist and lifted her to the rhythm as he spilled his seed into her with his final thrust.

Breathing hard Gavin just wrapped his arms about her. He felt happier than he ever had in his entire life.  Ronnee loved him and she proved it everyday.

Ronnee’s breathing slowed, “What was that all about?”

Gavin looked up into her eyes, his love caressing her, “I have never had a woman in my life defend me, be defensive about me, or show such love as you did today.”

“Surely there was other…”

“None that would ever want to dirty their hands in my honor. Bronnee, I love you.” He pulled her head down and kissed her ardently again. Ronnee could feel him stir inside of her.

Ronnee was almost lost again, when she righted herself some and spoke, “Gavin sweetheart, someone could come in at anytime.”  The words no sooner left her mouth when Paul walked in with Stephen and Jamie and with several squires on their heels. 

Gavin mouthed, “Sit still. Now follow my lead.” Gavin grasped both her wrists in one of his large hands and spoke loudly, “You are not ticklish? We shall see about that.”  He wrapped his legs about hers, locking them in, not allowing her to withdraw.  Gavin started tickling Ronnee, which made her squirm uncontrollably.

“Gavin,” she laughed, “Please stop, I can’t take this. Don’t…I give…I am ticklish…you are the king.”

Jamie, who had a sinking feeling, turned the squires from the tent before they could enter and ushered them outside to ready the horses. Stephen was laughing so hard, he left the tent because he started coughing.  Paul stood unmoving, because it took a moment for the realization of what his brother was caught doing, to set in. 

“Gavin, have you no restraint?” Paul asked with amusement in his voice.

Gavin tried to look as innocent as he could, “I am not sure what you mean, little brother.”

Paul snorted, “I will be back in five minutes. Finish your business and get her out.  We will never have peace if the women think they can come to the tents.  Wait till tonight.” Paul rolled his eyes, silently wondering why he didn’t think of this first.

Ronnee had buried her head in Gavin’s shoulder when Paul spoke.  She was mortified as she had ever been. Gavin lifted her head and saw the tear, “What is wrong love?”

“I will never be able to face those people again.”

Gavin smiled, “Yes you will and I will bank on the fact that you will find them in such situations many times over the next years. We are all of the same flesh and blood.”

Ronnee sniffed.  Her face was still brightly red and she looked like a lobster. “Aww, sweet. They will never mention it…to you…” Gavin added as an afterthought, he didn’t want to lie to her because he knew his brothers wouldn’t ever mention it to her. But to him, Gavin shook his head, he was fair game. “Your honor will always remain in tact.”

“Ever since I met you, I have no honor. I am bedding you at all times. I have never seen the such as this.”

“You have never been truly loved before either.”

Bronwyn looked at Gavin for he was right. He smacked her bottom, “Now if you don’t want to continue this, I suggest you rise and go clean up. Otherwise we can stay like this for a while longer.”  Gavin emphasized with a wink.

“You are most unbearable.”  Ronnee laughed and slowly stood. Her stiffened limbs were not cooperating for they had gone to sleep.  After a few trips around the tent, she felt she could walk normal and disappeared to the privy.

Gavin sat for a few moments.  He was actually beginning to be sore.  He had never made love so much in his life.  He thought he could get her out of his system, but the more he had her, the more he wanted her. Ronnee was so utterly different than anyone else he had ever dated. Not only was she naïve and innocent in many aspects of love making, but she was willing to try most everything as well.

Gavin started to remember some of the things they had tried.  As he was putting on his armor, he realized that his armor wasn’t the only stiff thing about his body. Down boy down, he laughed. It’s not like you can get her pregnant, he thought with a slight pang of regret.

Ryder came in and helped Gavin finish dressing in his armor.  When Gavin strode out of the tent he was proud of the boys, for they had his horse tethered waiting on him.  After double checking the saddle, pads, girth and the horse’s armor, Gavin was pleased with the results and mounted.  Ryder handed Gavin his lance.  Gavin smiled at the boys, and walked his steed to the arena.  

Gavin held the lance upright and spurred his horse to a gallop.  In his mouth was a red rose.  He came to a halt in front of Bronwyn, who much to Gavin’s surprise was still red about the gills.  He sidled the stallion towards Bronwyn and lifted his face shield.  In his mouth Ronnee saw the red rose.  After a balancing act, Gavin leaned the lance against his horse and withdrew his sword.  He let the red rose slide down the long sword as he did so many months ago. Ronnee was not bereft of the meaning. She stood and captured the rose as it slid towards her.  She leaned forward and Gavin took her hand and kissed it.  Sitting back upright, Gavin sheathed his sword and grabbed the lance. Ronnee leaned over and tied a favor to the lance he held it near to her.

The crowd was hushed as they witnessed the scene.  If one was quiet enough and paid attention, you could hear things such as; why aren’t you ever romantic? Why can’t you do something like that? Why don’t you love me like he loves her?  Gavin smirked.

He turned his horse and rode back to the end of the arena where he waited for a squire to drop the flag and begin his match. Gavin lowered his face shield and held his lance aloft. His stallion reared in anticipation.  The squire walked to the center of the wooden median and raised the flag.  He looked at both ends and waited for each knight to nod.  When each knight was ready, he dropped the white flag and hastily moved out of the way.

Gavin spurred his warhorse and leaned forward.  He gathered his lance and as they drew closer he leaned into it and pointed the lance towards his opponent.

Ronnee sat in the stands and peaked through parted fingers.  This joust scared her more than the one during the show in Florida, since she now knew who this knight in shining armor was.  Both opponents broke their lances in their first run.  Ronnee asked Armstrong clan, who sat around her, if anyone knew the opponent but no one knew who he was.  Jamie was concerned for this adversary was a large man.  Gavin, inasmuch as he loved to play knight; Gavin doesn’t have the experience that many of the others, who live in England full time.  As of late, the games of old were making a comeback in England and sons trained with almost as much passion as they would have 500 years ago.

The squire dropped the flag for the second run.  Gavin leaned forward in his usual stance.  He wasn’t used to people actually trying to joust him in all seriousness.  Gavin saw the man shift his lance has they neared, but it was too late.  The other knight’s lance struck Gavin low and deflected Gavin’s.  Gavin rocked in the saddle and fought hard to stay mounted.  He thanked God for his strength and healthy body.  Any lesser of a man, would have fallen, Gavin believed.  He looked down and his armor was dented and bruising his ribs.  He looked up and saw the other knight and shot him a look that would have melted his armor, had his face shield not been down.  The score was now 10-5, Gavin was losing.

Ronnee gasped and stopped breathing as she saw Gavin hit hard. She watched his fight to stay on his horse and was proud of him when he did.  She stood to go out there, but Jamie caught her, “No, hun, he is fine. Do not embarrass him by running out there.”

For the first time Ronnee turned her anger upon her new father, “Let me go.” She seethed out.

Ronnee gathered her skirts and removed the favors from her hair.  I will not embarrass my husband, she thought, but merely give him a favor of all favors to bring him luck. She walked across the field, oblivious of what was going on around her.

Gavin, who was still smarting over the last hit, heard the crowd hush and start murmuring.  He looked up and somehow wasn’t surprised to see Ronnee walking his direction with her hands busy.  She wasn’t watching where she was going and she was almost run over by his opponent as he galloped back to his end of the field.  Gavin closed his eyes, “I am going to kill her.”  

Ronnee felt the breeze of the horse as it thundered by her. She was so intent on her project that she didn’t realize how close the horse was. She pulled the rest of the favors from her hair and started to twist them into one large one.  By the time she had crossed the field halfway, her hair was hanging down, to heavy to be held by the pins.  As it tumbled loose, Gavin noticed her with larger eyes. She had no idea of the impact she had on him.

Gavin heard the beating of hooves and realized that a squire was riding a horse to the other end while leading two other warhorses.  Gavin was not sure what was going through the boy’s mind, but he galloped through the arena, not only fighting the one he was riding, but the ones he was leading. He looked at the horses and admired their beauty and turned his head back to his new wife. He looked again at the horses and back at his wife. She concentrated so hard on what she was doing, she didn’t even hear the boy and the three large horses bearing down on her.  Gavin could only assume the boy didn’t either see her or thought she would move. “I will tan that boy’s hide when I find him.” Gavin glowered.

Gavin spurred his mount so hard that Knight reared. Gavin’s horse launched forward as he concentrated on sending Knight between the boy and his wife.  Gavin leaned over to the side and as he neared Ronnee, he reached out to grasp her.  Gripping hard with his legs, Gavin grabbed Ronnee beneath both her arms and lifted her as the boy and his horses came thundering to a halt.  Gavin gripped his wife and held on as Knight once again reared. For a moment there was a stand off between Knight and the horse the boy was riding.  It was all Gavin could do to hold on to Ronnee and keep her off of the ground.  Once Ronnee was finally safe in the saddle in front of him, Gavin jerked the reins hard getting the stallion’s attention back to him.  Using his spur closest to the other horses, Gavin moved his mount away. 

“Woman, you will be the death of me today, or if not today, soon.  Have you no idea how hard it was to keep you from being trampled as I fought my horse and the others?  Have you no fear? Or has your pia matter gone soft?”  Ronnee hard looked at Gavin.  He had never yelled at her before and with so much anger.  All she wanted to do was take him a favor, to show all, she loved him and believed in him.

Ronnee looked over Gavin’s shoulders and watched the scene unfold.  Jamie, Stephen and Henry were trying to separate the fighting horses.  All hell broke loose when the boy fell off and the horses were loosed. Gavin’s steed was enraged at being challenged, but had finally relented and went as his master asked.  Leaving the other three stallion’s fighting amongst themselves.  The audience was quiet.  Ronnee looked about and saw people staring at her like she was a halfwit.  All she did was walk over to Gavin and next thing she knew, she was being very roughly handled and knocked around.  

Stephen and Jamie vaulted on to the back of two of the steeds as the owner came running up and mounted the third.  With riders on their backs, the stallions pranced, tossing their heads about, and slowly started to calm down.  After a few minutes, they had the area cleared and the horses back to whence they came from.

Ronnee looked back at Gavin, “What happened? All I wanted to do was give you this favor that I made myself. To give you strength and let you know that I believed in you.”  Tears slipped softly from her eyes.

Gavin’s hard eyes softened.  “I know you meant well, but these horses are not every day riding horses, they are rough and think nothing to trample someone in their way.  You have to be careful. Now what have you prepared for me?” Ronnee showed him the elaborate braid she had created with the remaining favors.  He held out his arm, working hard to not let the pain show in his face, for Ronnee to tie it on.

 Ronnee noticed his armor and the large dent in it.  “Gavin is that blood?”

“Nay, now get down and let me finish.”  He lowered her down and gasped as he felt his body protesting horribly.

Ronnee saw the pained look, “Gavin you are hurt.  This is only a game, not real, let’s stop this now.”

Gavin scowled at her, “I will not forgo my honor. You have wasted enough of my time already and delayed the last round. Be off with you.”

Ronnee furrowed her brows, “Gavin, since you haven’t the sense that God gave a horse, listen to me.  He dropped his lance at the last moment, deflecting your and thus leaving you to take a hard hit. He is not playing.  He acts like he has a grudge against you or wants revenge.  The only way for you to win is to unhorse him.  Since you want to carry on with this game, you had better figure out how to hit him high and at the right angle.”  Much of the anger left her and she continued, “Oh, Gavin please don’t continue. It’s not needed.  You haven’t ever really had to joust before.  It has always been staged, with your brothers, or for play.  Never a serious matter as this man seems to take it.” Her blue eyes pleaded with his grey.

Gavin steeled his back, “I will not dishonor my family. Now go!”  Gavin pointed towards the stands.  Ronnee looked at him one more time and then headed to where he pointed.

Keeton came over and handed Gavin his lance, “How bad is it?”

“I am not sure, but I am having a hard time breathing and I think I am bleeding.”  Gavin smiled.

“You don’t have to finish this.”

“Yes, I do and you know it.”  

Keeton smiled, “The Armstrongs never raised a weakling, a fool or a coward. Now listen as I tell you what to do.”

Gavin leaned down and listened to his uncle.

A few minutes later the trumpet sounded and both knights were expected to be at their station.  Gavin put his helmet back on and smiled at his Uncle Keeton.  He reached out and took the lance and turned his horse to face his opponent.  A plan formed in Gavin’s mind based upon what Ronnee and his uncle said.

Gavin slapped down his face plate and let the lance rest in the saddle. The squire strode to the center and raised the flag.  Gavin tickled the stallion with his spurs, preparing him for the next command.

The flag dropped and Gavin spurred his horse on.  He moved him closer and closer to the railing as they neared the other knight. Gavin could feel his leg bounce off the balustrade.  He gripped with his powerful thighs and lowered the lance, ignoring the shooting pains.

At the last moment Gavin dipped his body, but raised his lance.  This deflected the lance of his opponent and left his torso open for the hit. Gavin’s lance didn’t shatter right away, but hit the man square in the chest knocking him backwards off his horse before giving away into a million flying pieces.

As soon as Gavin saw the man summersault off the back of his horse, Gavin slowed his steed and loped back around toward where Ronnee sat.  Maggie was holding Ronnee’s hand tightly. Both women were pale in the face and looked with gaping mouths.  Gavin’s laughter roared through the stands. “You doubted me?” He mocked as he removed his helmet.

Ronnee was the first to recover, “No, more like feared for your stupidity.”

This only made Gavin laugh harder. He tapped on his head, “I have much pia matter and I may not always use it, but I know how to when needed.”

Jamie cuckolded his wife, “See I told you he would be fine.”

Maggie looked at her husband, “You will never joust again.  These people take it too seriously. Gavin could have been killed.”

Gavin smiled at the absurdity of this statement. “I am an Armstrong. I am descendant of kings, dukes, earls, barons and knights. My name is as old as time.  We did not come through time and excel because we bred weak or daft men.”

Ronnee shot Gavin a look that let him know what she thought of his overbearing arrogance. “You are nothing but a stuffed shirt pilli…” Her sentence never finished for he leaned over and pulled her roughly into the saddle.

“I seem to have heard this speech before. Quiet woman.” He lowered his mouth and kissed her roughly. “I have wounds for you too tend.”

“Have you forgotten we are in the 21st Century and have doctors?” His mother asked with exasperation.

Gavin smiled, “I remember naught, but of my love for this wench in my arms.”

Ronnee smiled and kissed him so hard that she heated up, “I never want to return to reality.  I love this side of you.” Gavin looked at her with confusion of her statement. He turned his horse and rode away towards his tent.

Ronnee exited the stands and waived to Gavin’s brothers, beckoning them to come and help. Gavin’s eyes had changed some and pain was etched deeply into his face. “You have to help him dismount. I am afraid for all his bravado and stupidity, pia matter ha, more like too big of balls to use his brain, I believe he has done more damage than his opponent.”

Gavin looked bleak as his brother’s helped him to dismount. “Damn Gavin, you must lose weight.” Stephen muttered as they struggled with armor and man.

They aided Gavin as he walked into the tent, but as soon as the flap closed, Gavin collapsed. “Get the doctor, but be quiet.  He is obviously more hurt than he would admit, but let him keep his damned pride.” Ronnee pleaded.

CHAPTER XXVII

Three months later, Gavin and Ronnee were laying about enjoying each other’s company outside in the crisp fall air.  They had yet to leave the castle for they both loved it so much.  They were Lord and Lady and treated as such at all times. Ronnee read to Gavin any book he asked.  When she didn’t he would feign pain and grimace.  Ronnee rolled her eyes as she was sure he wasn’t hurting.  His broken ribs sure didn’t slow down their lovemaking.

Ronnee had planned a special dinner for them tonight.  The children were staying at Stephen’s place since Ronnee enrolled them in the same private school as his.

Things had been so hectic that Ronnee didn’t realize she was pregnant until she was almost three months.  She felt the softness of her belly and realized that she had a life growing inside of her.  She knew her first appointment would be soon and wanted Gavin to be with her.

Later that evening, Ronnee and Gavin were sitting by the fireplace enjoying wine when Ronnee leaned over and asked him a question, “Gavin if you had a son of your very own, what would you name him?”

Gavin was lost deep in thought over business reports when she asked the question startling him, “Name him? I have never thought about it.  Well, I have always like the name Rowen and Rowan.  Perhaps Rowan Rowen? I am not sure. Sometimes, I think that my love of the past is growing too serious.”  Gavin’s light laughter was music to Ronnee’s ears.

“What if it was a girl?”

Gavin’s face distorted, “I have no idea that would be the mother’s decision.” He turned back to his studies.

“Ok, if she asked, what would you name a daughter?”

Gavin rolled his eyes. He would never finish reading the quarterly reports if she didn’t quit asking him irrelevant questions, “I like Bronwyn, but that is taken.” He flirted, “However, I also enjoy Alyxandria Lia.”

“MMM, those are nice.”

Gavin smiled and returned to his research.  He sipped his wine, enjoyed the warm fire and his wife’s head in his lap. 

“Gavin?”

“Yes, dear.” Gavin said with infinite patience.

“Do you love me forever and always?”

Gavin put his binder down, exasperated at this line of questioning, “Yes, Bronwyn. I love you before I knew you. I love you now and I will love you forever.”

Ronnee leaned up and kissed him softly.  “Even if I did something without asking?”

Gavin raised his brows, “Depends on what it is. What have you done now? Bred the Frisian outside of his line and had him removed from the studbook?” Gavin referred to  Ronnee’s almost mistake of breeding the Frisian with a pretty Arabian mare. “Have you decided to change crops around again?” Referring to Ronnee wanting some okra and wanted a field plowed that had been predestined as hops. “Or have you…”

“Enough. I remember, I remember, you do not have to continue.  This is something worse I fear.”  Ronnee trembled.  She wanted to laugh but fought hard to turn it to tears.

“Ronnee dear, what have you done?”

“I didn’t want to tell you. I was scared. But now I am afraid I have no other choice.”  Ronnee sighed with an exaggeration.

Gavin sat Ronnee up and held her hands, “Have I ever gave you reason to fear me?”

“No,” she spoke softly as if being the meek wife, “but you are a formidable man and can be very intimidating.”

Gavin cursed under his breath, “I have never, well, outside of the bedroom and a few other times, perhaps, tried to intimidate you.”  He was beginning to question her odd behavior.

“Oh Gavin.” Ronnee sobbed, “I do not know what to do, I am so afraid you will be mad.” She wrapped her arms about his neck and tried her hardest to sob without laughter.  Her shaking body stilled by Gavin’s arms.

Gavin pulled her back. He rubbed the side of her face. He was so concerned for her that he didn’t notice there weren’t tears on her cheeks. “Please sweetheart, tell me. It can’t be that bad.”

“Gavin, what would you say if I told you that I had surgery,” She watched his face. “and that I am about three months pregnant?”

The dawn of realization slowly worked its way across Gavin’s face.  A smile spread, “But how? Surgery? How did you do this without my knowledge?” He held up a hand, “Never mind I am sure my Mom had a hand in this. Pregnant, really?”

Bronwyn smiled and nodded.

Gavin sat back and let out a whoop so loud that it echoed through the entire house.

Jamie sat up in bed, “What was that?”

Maggie, seemingly undeterred by the noise and her knowledge, “Bronwyn just told Gavin she was pregnant.”

“You mean Gavin is going to finally be a father?”

“Yes, sweet and we are going to be grandparents…again. Now go to sleep, we have to leave early.”  Maggie rolled over from her husband.

“Wait a minute. You have known?”

“Yes.”

“For how long?”

“Whose doctor do you think we used for the surgery? How do you think she attended the appointments? Who do you think kept her from Gavin while she healed?” Maggie looked over and patted her husband on the arm and closed her eyes again.

“Damnit woman. You have to stop keeping secrets from me.” Jamie spouted.

“And what good would it have done to tell you?  What if she never was able to get pregnant? The doctor said it was less than 50% chance. Were you to lie here and wait till you die for her to be impregnated? Could you have stood that?”

Jamie’s face softened, “I know you always have the best in heart for me, but really I can take care of myself. If she had not, then Gavin wasn’t man enough.” Jamie smiled at Maggie and kissed her hand, “You know I am joking. I have so many other grandchildren that I would not have pined for one more. Please, I do not like being kept in the dark.”

Maggie rolled over, “You know it would have affected you if Gavin never had children of his own, for I know how you feel about family.  I am sure that if you knew I could have another child that you would try with all your might. I only wanted to protect you from yourself.” Maggie leaned up against Jamie’s strong chest and buried her fingers in his chest hairs. “I love you James Armstrong, and I would do anything to keep you happy.”

Jamie grabbed her hair and pulled her mouth to his, “Another child eh? We shall try.” Maggie’s laughter was stifled by his kiss.

Downstairs, Gavin picked up Bronwyn and spun her around. “Three months, eh? Well, let’s see. That puts it around the time we,” Gavin smiled bigger, “were married.  When did you have the surgery?”

“About two months prior, almost right after we arrived at the Armstrong estates. Your mother took me.”

 Gavin set Ronnee on the ground.  He took her hand and kissed the palm and she felt the wetness of his tears against her skin. “I have never been happier. I had resigned myself to the knowledge that I wouldn’t have blood children and was content with yours. This hasn’t changed my love for them, mind you.” He scolded before she could ask.

“You have lost weight. That is not right. You need to be strong for the Armstrong babies are big, healthy babies.”

“I am fine Gavin and we will be fine.” Her smile gave him the reassurance he so desired. Gavin looked at her.

“Rowen, call me Rowen, my pet.” He took and picked her up.  She really had lost more weight for she felt lighter than he remembered. Gavin walked up the steps to the solar where they stayed.  He made love to her all night and into the next morning.  He wouldn’t let Ronnee leave the bed the next day either. He had food and drink brought up and he hand fed her.  Between soft conversations of family and the food, were many bouts of love making. Only when two days later, when her children arrived for the weekend, did Gavin allow her to leave the solarium. She was so exhausted that she didn’t last long before she was back in bed. They missed his parents leaving, guests coming and going and for once let the servants handle their jobs on their own.

The Sunday afternoon before the kids were scheduled to go back to their Uncle Stephen’s house for schooling again, Ronnee and Gavin pulled them into the room to tell them of the news. Amanda and Ryder were all very happy, especially since now a new baby or 10 new babies wouldn’t affect them financially. Keene wasn’t as excited at first, but later came around.

Inasmuch that Ronnee and Gavin didn’t want to leave the estates, Ronnee started to feel very guilty about not being closer to the children while they were in school and Gavin knew he had to get back to work.  After the kids left, they started to make arrangements for new living quarters.

The main Armstrong Estates, where Stephen lives, includes about 1500 hecta-acres.  Across a stream and about 20 hecta-acres from Stephen’s house was another manor house that was built in the early 1900s.  Stephen and Charlie decided that Gavin and Ronnee would stay there. At least until it was closer to birth time then they would move back to the states.

It took a week for them to completely move in.  Since Stephen took the kids to school every morning, Ronnee had to get them up a little earlier than they were used to for the ride to Stephen’s house. Roger had stated that he would come and pick up Amanda for school and Ronnee protested loudly.  Finally, relenting, she gave in for rides to school only.

CHAPTER XXVIII

Fall was in full force. Amanda’s birthday had just passed and Keene’s was just around the corner. Ronnee and Gavin planned a full day in town with Stephen and his wife.  Today was Ronnee’s first appointment.

Ronnee had only been to the local town once since moving there. Charlie, Stephen’s wife, introduced Ronnee to her labor and delivery doctor. The appointment was made and both families decided to go.  Charlie found a sitter and left her two youngest at home. They piled into the car with Stephen driving and enjoyed a nice ride in.

The appointment was first, so they climbed out and walked in. After a few introductions were passed out, the nurse led them to their room.  Stephen, Gavin, Charlie and Ronnee all sat in the room quietly.  About ten minutes later, Dr. Fritz entered. With another round of brief introductions, Dr. Fritz had Stephen and Charlie leave so he could examine Bronwyn.

“You think you are about three months?”

“I should be.”

“You are already showing.”

“Well, I am fat.” Ronnee said with laughter, however, Dr. Fritz didn’t laugh.

“Mr. Armstrong, please stand at her head.” Dr. Fritz leaned over and pushed a button on the wall. “Nurse I am ready.”

A few moments later a nurse walked in and prepared Ronnee for her examination. “I hate these things. I would rather give birth than to receive one of these examinations.” Ronnee grimaced.

Gavin held her hands. He was very nervous. He had never sat during a woman’s appointment and it unnerved him. He and Stephen had already had an in depth conversation about what the doctor was going to do, and that he didn’t do it for pleasure, either his or Ronnee’s.  Gavin laughed, but now he could feel a twinge of jealousy for this doctor touching what was very personal and taken. Gavin steeled himself and held onto Ronnee tightly.

Dr. Fritz finished the exam and pushed Ronnee’s legs back down. He walked over to the Ultra-sound monitor and turned it on.  After gelling her belly, he scanned her uterus. Ronnee watched him as he arched his brows, looked, stared and examined the picture he had on the monitor. Finally, he said, “Bronwyn. I would like you to come back in two weeks time.”

This shocked Ronnee for she had never had this happen before.  They had always said, ‘see you next month’ until it was closer to delivery time. “What is wrong?” She asked hesitantly.

“Oh, nothing, that I can tell as of yet. I just want to make sure of something.”

Gavin was the one who lost his cool at this point, “What is wrong?!” 

Dr. Fritz looked at Gavin and smiled, “Twins. I just want to make sure they are ok for it is still early. I will have to see you every two weeks for a scan until I know they are growing at same rate and we aren’t going to have problems with one.”

Gavin sat down hard and almost missed the chair, he looked like a lost little boy, his was voice far away, “Twins?”

Dr. Fritz laughed, “Yes.”

Ronnee laid there unsure of what to do. She started crying. She was crying not from happiness, but from fear. In the next moment all hell broke loose.

Stephen and Charlie raced down the hall when the nurse told them there was a problem. They walked into a scene of Gavin holding Ronnee, Ronnee crying her eyes out and the doctor arguing with Gavin about something.  Gavin was yelling at the top of his lungs and would occasionally let out a string of words that made your hair singe.

Charlie grabbed Ronnee, Stephen took Gavin and between the both of them, they quieted everything down. Stephen made Gavin sit across the room in a chair and kept his hands on his shoulders to keep his wayward brother seated. Charlie was holding Ronnee as she cried and the nurse came in to give the doctor something to drink.  Everyone stood in relative quiet.

Stephen in his soft voice asked, “What is wrong?  What happened?”

Gavin opened his mouth, but Stephen’s squeezed his shoulders with a grip that quieted his brother. Dr. Fritz began, “I told them they were going to have twins. Bronwyn cried that she couldn’t handle twins and was scared, which,” he added, “is typical of mother’s reaction when finding out for the first time. Gavin started in on Bronwyn about how she needed to toughen up and they were in this together. Bronwyn popped off something to him. I interrupted to advise that the needed to consider only keeping one twin, for I had noticed she is entering her late thirties and it was a bit more dangerous. Mr. Armstrong at that point completely lost any self control. Bronwyn was begging him to quiet down. I was arguing and explaining about Bronwyn’s health. There you have it. I need a scotch. This family is just too much to handle at times.” He patted Stephen’s shoulder as he left.

Charlsie sat with Ronnee, “Are you ok?”

“Yes, I am fine, just scared to death. I am sorry Gavin, so very sorry.”

Gavin brushed off his brother’s hands and walked to Ronnee, “Sweetheart, you have done nothing wrong.” He started as he knelt between her legs. “I am so very happy. Twins? Can you imagine? How wonderful.” His eyes lit up. 

“You are not upset?”

“Why would I be?” Gavin replied softly.

“You started yelling.”

“That oaf wanted us to kill one of the babies.” He scowled.

“No, honey, he was stating that we had that option, in case the pregnancy was too difficult. However, I would rather suffer, than hurt my baby, or babies.”

“I understand. I am sorry for starting this mess and confusion.” Gavin said meekly. He allowed Stephen to guide him out of the room while Charlie helped Ronnee dress.  Gavin passed the doctor and paused him. “I am sorry, Dr. Fritz. I let my mouth run before my brain processed what you were trying to say. I am a first time daddy and really do not know what to expect. Please accept my apologies.” Gavin stuck out a hand.

Dr. Fritz smiled, “That is fine, just promise me one thing.”

“Sure what is it?”

“That if there are any more brothers out there that you won’t bring them here.” Dr. Fritz laughed and shook Gavin’s hand. “Congratulations. Please be here in two weeks at 1 pm.” Gavin nodded and followed Stephen out to the car where they waited on the women.

“Twins, can you believe it?” Stephen asked.

Gavin slowly nodded and then asked, “You have your cell phone?” Stephen laughed and passed it to Gavin so he could start making calls.

Charlie walked a semi-catatonic Ronnee out of the room. Dr. Fritz walked by and stopped them, “Give her a glass or three of wine tonight and tell her madman husband to make love to her all night long that will help her relax more than anything.” 

Charlie smiled, “I don’t think I will have to tell them that. I think Gavin is like Stephen. It is a wonder they don’t wear us out.” Dr. Fritz laughed and moved to his next patient.

The next few weeks were wonderful.  Gavin didn’t go back to work yet, because he wanted to be with Ronnee. He spent every moment waiting on her, making love to her and being an annoyance at times.  Sometimes, Stephen came over and forced Gavin to leave Ronnee alone by taking him off on some “important” task.

The next appointment was fine and the twins were developing and growing on task.  Charlie decided to throw a little celebration party and had about fifty people over one Friday night.  Ronnee didn’t go for she developed a horrid migraine. The first one in several months.  Gavin enjoyed himself and came home fairly drunk.  He saw Ronnee crying and held her.  She could no longer take pain medicine, or at least refused to, because she was afraid for the babies.

Halloween came and went and the next couple of months were wonderful. Ronnee’s belly grew and she was showing. Maggie came to stay a couple of weeks and was presenting to Ronnee pictures of Armstrong babies throughout the ages.  Ronnee paled about half-way through the album. “Dear are you all right?” Maggie asked with alarm.

Ronnee looked at her mother-in-law, “You don’t think that both of my babies will be ten pounds do you?”

Maggie laughed, “Let’s hope not.”  Ronnee lightened up and laughed with her. 

Thanksgiving was upon them and Ronnee as almost five months. It was then that Ronnee and Gavin decided to move back to Groton.  Some of the finest doctors were there and Gavin wanted her to be closer to the more modern hospitals. Amanda argued and in the end they allowed her to stay in England to finish out the year at the private school. The boys, however, had to return to Washington State with them.

Ronnee was showing heavily now.  Her belly button, as Gavin loved to point out, was almost an outie.  She wasn’t allowed to do anything other than eat, walk and sleep.  Because her migraines were coming at a greater frequency than before, Ronnee did a lot of sleeping.





CHAPTER XXIX

Christmas was two weeks away and the house in Victoria filled with Armstrongs.  The manor was beautiful and there was a light snow on the ground most days.  As tradition, the men went out and came back with a Christmas tree, while the women cooked and talked. The children helped the men decorate and the whole scenario was perfect. Ronnee was extremely happy. Amanda flew in with Stephen and his family and Beth let Amanda-Nicole come up for a week to visit. Everything seemed perfect, however, Ronnee had a sinking feeling that things weren’t as they appeared.

Finally, Christmas came and went and never a postcard could do this Christmas justice.  Everyone had plenty of gifts.  The family dedicated Christmas Eve to serving dinner, which they paid for, at a homeless shelter. It had become a family tradition for the last fifteen years. The children behaved and Ronnee was babied and cared for like she was a china doll. Gavin bought her the most beautiful Cartier diamond and ruby necklace  with the matching bracelet, ring, and earrings, as well as clothes, intimate apparel, vacation trips and so on and so forth. The babies, albeit not born yet, received dozens of gifts.  Amanda and the boys were so spoiled and amazed by the wealth of gifts, that they each volunteered to donate 20% of the money they received as gifts to buy presents for underprivileged children.

Christmas day was a day of eating and going to bed early from eating too much. There was much laughter and happiness and many jokes played on unsuspecting relatives.  The house was as joyous as any house could be. Ronnee loved this family so much and had no idea how to show it.

The next day found Ronnee with a strong migraine but she wasn’t going to mention it, even after receiving a strange phone call last night.  Even when she went to the OB/GYN doctor that afternoon and he asked about her headaches.  Gavin was away and wasn’t able to come to this appointment so Maggie was there with Ronnee. Ronnee fairly blew them off and the doctor was about to drop the subject when Maggie interfered.

“Ronnee tell him the truth.  Doctor Taylor, they keep her up at night. She cries and refuses to take pain medicine because of the twins. I believe she is having one almost 24 hours a day now, but doesn’t say much. To be honest, I am worried. I do not think they are what she thinks they are.”

Dr. Taylor looked at Ronnee. She was anemic, but that was normal, but he could also see that she was peaked, sallow looking and was losing weight. He had people lose weight before when they were pregnant with twins, for their stomachs could not hold as much, but when Maggie said how much Ronnee ate, he became worried.  Dr. Taylor left the room and when he came back, he had Dr. Mitch Oliver with him.

Maggie stood up and hugged her son’s good friend, “Mitch what are you doing here?”

“I want to run some tests on Ronnee. Where is Gavin?”

“He had to run out of town, but will be back tonight.”

“I want him to have her here tomorrow morning at 7 a.m.” Mitch said sternly.

“What is wrong?”

Mitch smiled warmly, “Nothing. Dr. Taylor, why don’t you and Ronnee go to the ultra sound room and get ready. We will be there shortly.”

Maggie grabbed his arm, “Mitchell Oliver.” She scolded as she would a child.

“Some of her blood tests are a bit weird. Her thyroid is off and she doesn’t look well. The twins are fine, but I am not sure that Ronnee is.”

Maggie looked at him harder, “Damn Armstrongs. We want to do a brain scan.  It will not hurt the babies at all, but I want to make sure, just as a precautionary measure, that there isn’t a tumor of some sort.”  Mitch sighed.  He tried desperately to sound undisturbed by this.

Maggie grabbed his arm tighter, “What is your field specialty, Mitch?”

He looked at her with forlorn eyes, “Oncology.”

Maggie gasped and put her hand to her mouth. “Are you sure?”

“I wouldn’t have been called in if we didn’t suspect.  We will know tomorrow. Please, Maggie don’t say anything to either one of them. Let me handle this. It may be nothing, and I don’t want them to unnecessarily worry.”  Maggie nodded. “Good now smile and go take her for some ice cream. Dr. Taylor is going to give her a few tranquilizers to relax her tonight and help her sleep. They will not do any damage to the babies, unless she has to remain on them.” Again, Maggie nodded.  She followed Mitch out and mustered up all of her Armstrong pride and smiled. 

In the ultra-sound room, Ronnee’s eyes were lit at seeing her babies again. They were moving and growing just fine.  “Ok, they are here, now let’s see if we can catch their sex.”

“I don’t want to do this now, I want Gavin to be here.”  Ronnee piped in.

Maggie walked over and took her hand, understanding what they were doing, “I want to know. Dr. Taylor please continue.”  Ronnee just stared at her mother-in-law wondering about her actions.

“Baby number one is a…” Dr. Mitch Oliver snorted, “Obviously an Armstrong, from what I hear…Lookie there….its a boy.” Mitch was pointing at the body part that declared the sex of that baby.  Ronnee laughed and held onto Maggie’s hand.

Dr. Taylor laughed and moved the scan again to find a better view of Baby two. “Aww, Baby two is a girl.”  Ronnee started crying.  She had never been so happy. She was giving Gavin his family, his very own flesh and blood little boy and girl.

Ronnee and Maggie left chattering about what they needed for each baby. They stopped at Babies R Us and started shopping. By the time they left, they had bought over $5,000.00 worth of baby supplies and clothing.  Two of everything. One set pink, one set blue.  Ronnee had yet to decide what the theme would be, since she believed that knights on great horses with swords and lances would be too scary for a young infant.  Maggie arranged for everything to be delivered by the end of the week.  Maggie was so excited and engrossed in the shopping she had forgot about her conversation with Mitch.

Gavin came home to find both women sitting in the living room surrounded by swaths of cloth with different designs from Pooh Bear to Polar Bears. He saw pinkish stuff and bluish stuff.  He stopped. “What the hell is going on in here?”

Ronnee looked up to see her husband, tired, worn out but handsome as ever staring at her. Since she could no longer jump to her feet, Maggie helped her stand and she waddled over to Gavin. “We have one of each!”

It took a moment for her words to sink in and as they did the smile spread across his handsome face. “A boy and a girl?!”

“Yes.” Maggie said from where she stood with her husband, who realized that he was once again being left out of something.

Gavin grabbed Ronnee and hugged her tight, besides her great belly, she felt skinnier than he remembered. Every night they held each other and attempted sometimes to make love, but usually ended up laughing because of her belly.

Maggie looked at her husband and gave him a smile and he knew it meant she needed to talk. Before she went upstairs with Jamie, she hollered back, “Gavin, Mitch called and wanted to speak with you.” She watched Gavin nod in acknowledgement and followed her husband to their room.

Jamie held the door and shut it behind her, locking it. He pulled her to his lap in the chair where he sat. “What is wrong love?”

Maggie just tucked her head in and cried for a moment and Jamie knew it was something bad for his wife just didn’t cry, “Oh please baby, tell me. Your tears are tearing apart my heart.”

Maggie lifted her head and asked so softly, “Do you know what Mitch’s specialty is?” Jamie nodded.  Maggie laid her head back against her husband and relished in the security of his arms. “He showed up today at Dr. Taylor’s request.  He is running tests on Ronnee in the morning.”

Jamie sat there and held her, waiting for her to continue. When she didn’t he asked, “What do they think?”

“Brain tumor.” Was all Maggie could say before she cried.

Jamie felt like his spirit left his body.  They have never had such as this in his family and he was unsure of how to handle it. “Does Gavin know?”  

Maggie lifted her head, “I am such a coward, I told him to call Mitch.”

Jamie kissed her softly, “You, my dear, are anything but a coward. What if he doesn’t call Mitch?”

Maggie looked at her husband with such childlike love that he knew she was asking him to take care of it. “First things first,” he muttered. In one sweeping moment, he stood up and swept the covers off the bed, laying his wife on it.  He disrobed himself and almost literally tore her clothes off.  He made love to her in every conceivable way so that she would not remember the pain. He was rough at first, taking out his anger and anguish against her sex, but then quieted down and made slow languid love to her. After Maggie fell asleep, Jamie dressed in his pajama bottoms and went to Gavin and Ronnee’s room.

Gavin woke to a soft knock. He slipped his bottoms on and answered the door. “Did you call Mitch?” Jamie asked in whisper.

Gavin rolled his eyes, “No Dad, I was too excited. I will call him tomorrow. Is that what you woke me up for?”

“Son, call Mitch now.” Gavin recognized an order when he heard one and even though he was perturbed for being woke up for this, he relented at the urgency in his father’s voice.

Gavin followed his father to the couch and called Mitch’s cell for he didn’t want to wake up the household.  After a few rings a sleepy Mitch answered, “Dr. Mitch Oliver.”

“Hey Mitch, this is Gavin, sorry it is so late, but my Father insisted I call you. What is up? You ok?”

Mitch thought he would never see the day in which Margaret Armstrong would be chicken and leave this to him. 

Jamie watched his son.  His face reWashington Stated stoic. “So you are just running tests, nothing major?” Gavin paused as Mitch answered. “Ok, we will be there at 7 a.m…..Ok, thank you Mitch and again sorry for it being so late…Yes, you too, bye.”

Gavin looked at his dad. “It is nothing. It has to be nothing. It is nothing.” Jamie grabbed his son and held him tight. Gavin fought for a moment, and then cried. He grabbed his Dad and held on like he was a little boy.  

Jamie fought the tears in his own eyes as he said, “Son you have to be brave for that girl upstairs. Now dry your face. As you said, it will be nothing. Go upstairs and make love to her and love her with all your might.”

Gavin finally let go of his father.  Jamie waited to let go until he was sure Gavin was ready.  Together they walked a slow walk up the stairs.  Gavin going to the right and his father turning to the left at the top of the stairs.

Gavin slipped off his pajama bottoms and slipped into bed. He held Ronnee tight and when she rolled into his arms, he started kissing her. In her half sleep stupor, she was kissing him back. Finally, he spooned with her and entered her, slowly making love to her.  Ronnee was fully awake and enjoying the very intimacy of this.  They had never tried this way and she found it delightful.

After they both spent their energy, Gavin spoke softly, “The tests are at 7 a.m. now go to sleep my princess, for you need your rest.” He held her tight in the same position, never removing himself. His hands softly rubbed her belly as he drifted into a fitful sleep.

CHAPTER XXX

It had been two miserable weeks since the tests were ran.  Two days after that fateful morning, Mitch showed up at the house with a brief case containing her medical records.  He pulled Gavin and Ronnee into the den and shut the door.  Maggie and Jamie paced outside the door for the entire hour they were in there. Finally, Gavin came out and slammed the door with such force that it broke. He ran outside and Jamie watched as he rode off bareback on his stud at a breakneck speed.

Jamie slowly turned and called Stephen and the rest of the family. He knew the news wasn’t good without asking.  If Gavin needed them, they would come.  After about thirty minutes of making calls, Jamie saddled Buck and rode out after Gavin.  Jamie knew he would be at his cove.

Maggie opened the broken door and sat next to Ronnee.  She wasn’t moving. Mitch looked at her, “Maggie please get her a strong drink. I think she is in shock.”

Maggie looked at Mitch and nodded. She returned with a scotch and caffeine free coke, which they kept in the house to keep caffeine away from Ronnee.  Ronnee sipped the drink and then seemed to pass out. Maggie covered her up and let her lay on the sofa where she slept.

Maggie followed Mitch and started to ask but Mitch interrupted, “Please, I cannot handle anymore today Maggie, please ask Gavin. I have to go before I lose it myself.” He grabbed his brief case and left.

A few minutes later the phone rang and she started jotting down instructions for plane flights.  Jamie must have called everyone for she spent the next two hours finding and making arrangements for the dozens upon dozens of people that were arriving.  She booked two entire floors at a small inn in Groton.  When at last she finished, she fixed herself a drink and sat in the same room with Ronnee, not wanting to leave in case she woke up.

Maggie, on a second thought, walked up to Ronnee’s room and retrieved her address book. After fixing another drink, she started calling some of Ronnee’s people. When she was through, she called the VictoriaManor Inn and reserved every last room they had for the next two weeks.

Maggie drank another shot of scotch and laid her head back to think.  She fell asleep and didn’t wake until the doorbell rang.  It had been about four hours since Jamie made the first call and people were already arriving.

When she had enough help, Maggie had some men carry Ronnee’s inert body up the stairs and put her in bed. Maggie put the baby monitor on the nightstand and turned it on, taking with her the small portable listening station.

Maggie made a list of who would be staying here at the house and who would stay at the hotel.  There were seven bedrooms in the house and a small guest house out back.  By the time it was dark, she already had people placed in the Inn, with a caterer reserved for making meals as needed to feed the people.  Maggie knew that in the next couple of days more would arrive.

Gavin and Jamie finally entered the house. Gavin looked defeated and withdrawn. He didn’t smile, nor did he see anyone.  He just walked up the stairs with a bottle of scotch and closed his bedroom door.  Maggie’s heart wrenched when she saw the pitiful condition her son was in. Things must be worse than she thought.

She followed Jamie to their bedroom and he made love to her almost desperately that night. When Jamie had finally settled down, she gathered the nerve to ask, “Jamie?”

She felt Jamie’s body rack with sobs. She held him and cried on his back. Finally, when Jamie had quieted, he turned to her, “It is an inoperable brain tumor.  If they do radiation to shrink it, they may give her a few months, but the babies will die. However, Ronnee refuses to do radiation and wants to keep the babies safe.”  Jamie turned away from Maggie’s crest fallen face. He looked at the ceiling as she cried and fought the return of his own tears.

In the next couple of days Maggie and Jamie were busy with guests.  The word spread quickly.  No one had seen Gavin or Ronnee since that fateful day, except for Maggie, Jamie and the kids.

Stephen worked hard on keeping her boys happy, but they withdrew into themselves and stayed in a stall in the barn by themselves.  Finally, Stephen picked them both up and hauled them into the house to see their Mom, whom they had refused to see. Amanda never left Roger’s side and seemed to never stop crying.  There were times when Maggie thought that perhaps Amanda blamed Gavin, for she was equating the pregnancy with the cancer in her childlike mind.

After a few more days of the somberness in the house, Maggie had enough. She called Mitch in to deal with Amanda and explain things to her.  She made the boys shower and start acting like young men again. Finally, she went upstairs and made Gavin shower, something he hadn’t done in almost a week.  Ronnee hadn’t showered either, but the nurse was giving her sponge baths every day.

Gavin didn’t even want to leave Ronnee’s side for a moment. But he could see his mother’s point. Neither one of them were eating and Gavin was beginning to smell himself.  He showered and felt better. His stomach growled and he knew he was hungry.  Ronnee stirred in the bed so he walked over and pulled her up. “Get up!” He hollered at her. “You have to eat and shower. What good are you going to accomplish by not receiving radiation, if you are just going to kill yourself and the babies by starvation?”

Ronnee started to cry. It was the first emotion Gavin had seen out of her in days. He grabbed her and held onto her tight. He led her to the shower, stripped the both of them and climbed in with her. He slowly washed her body and her hair, washing the latter twice. As he was washing her belly, he knelt in the shower and held hugged it. “I love you guys so much and I love your mother.  We will be just fine.” Gavin felt a baby kick and laughed, “Here now, don’t be kicking your father, I will have to tan your bottom when you are old enough for that.” The mockery in his voice made Ronnee look at him for the first time in days. Her lip quivered and she touched his face with her hand.

Gavin stood up quickly, his soulful eyes searching hers, “Yes, my love, I still love you with all my heart. I loved you before I knew you, I love you now, and I will love you forever.” Ronnee parted her lips and kissed Gavin with all the love she had for him.  She hadn’t spoken yet for she was scared to.

They made love slowly in the shower that eve. Gavin then moved her to the bed where they made love again, very slowly and very softly. Gavin’s hand never left her belly and his lips her body. When they finally fell asleep, Gavin felt Ronnee relax for the first time in days.

***
No one knew exactly how much time Ronnee had, except for Ronnee that is. She read books to the babies and did nothing but rest.  She knew that she had to have her strength for the babies and worked hard on eating.  She was on a couple medications help to counteract the pain and nausea from the headaches, but also was taking special vitamins and different sorts of herbal and natural supplements that the doctor found to be ok for her pregnancy.

December turned into January.  Somewhere the New Year came and Ronnee didn’t even know it.  She saw her children daily and did her best to keep a happy face for them. She let them talk to the babies, who they no longer hated or believed were the reason their mother was sick. Winter was a hard one this year and Ronnee enjoyed the beautiful snow.

By the end of February, Ronnee was getting big enough that Gavin had to help her everywhere. Something she was doing was working for she had started to gain weight again.  She had an OB/GYN appointment every week to closely monitor the babies’ reactions to everything. Mitch came out once a week to check her blood pressure and other vitals.  Mitch’s heart was still broken for his best friend so he was doing all he could for them.

March came with gusto and the snows turned to rain.  Ronnee knew she was past the danger point for the babies and that if they were born now they would be ok.  She was almost eight months and as big as a house.  There were still constant guests and gifts and Maggie took Ronnee shopping once a week.  They wouldn’t let Ronnee walk much for Dr. Taylor had discovered her cervix thinning and worried about premature delivery. One day he scolded Gavin for giving her such big babies and giving her twins to boot. Gavin stood as he was being chastised with a mournful look on his face.  Dr. Taylor felt bereft and apologized immediately for his actions and words, but Gavin just nodded. He knew that Dr. Taylor was under as much stress as the rest of them were.

Ryder’s birthday arrived towards the end of March. Ronnee’s headaches had subsided greatly and she felt wonderful.  Ronnee refused to let Maggie deal with the party herself and since she was feeling great, she wanted to do something constructive.  Ronnee woke early and made Gavin go to work for at least half a day. Gavin protested loudly but finally relented when his father had a go at him.  Ronnee sank her thoughts into the party. Ronnee and Maggie worked together to make this the best birthday Ryder ever had. They rented blow up slides and a band. Maggie used her influence and had dozens of parents bring their children. Ryder’s thirteenth birthday turned out to be the best. From this day of enjoyment the best thing that could ever happen, happened; he made friends. Because of Maggie and Ronnee’s hard work, Ryder was no longer a loner. He now had friends that took the time to get to know the quiet child and found out he was rather likeable. Ronnee cried that night, not sure if it was hormones from the pregnancy or the happiness from the looks of absolute joy in Ryder’s face.

Gavin came home just before the party and held his very pregnant wife.  Ronnee’s stomach stretched out to the point where she could no longer eat at the table anymore.  Her belly was in the way of everything. Gavin washed her, shaved her and dressed her. Maggie had nail artists come in every two weeks to give Ronnee a pedicure and manicure.  She even had a masseuse come once a month as well.

April’s Fools Day came without any major mishaps. Ronnee believed it was because Stephen was overseas and the only son at home was Gavin. She hated to think what an April Fools Day would be like in the Armstrong household with all of the brothers home. Gavin started back to work, working half-days every day. He called Ronnee every hour to see how she was faring. Sometimes this annoyed her, but most of the time she looked forward to their fifteen minute chats. 

April was almost over when Gavin came home one afternoon and entered the kitchen in his suit ready to help with dinner. Ronnee laughed at him and told him to go change. Gavin smiled at her as he hugged her from behind. “I am so glad you are doing well my love.”

Gavin was hanging up his clothes when he heard a scream. He tore down the stairs in his jogging outfit to see his wife standing there holding on to her stomach. He looked at the floor, Bronwyn’s water broke.

Gavin ran back upstairs and gathered the waiting suitcases. He passed the door to the exercise room, peeped in at his father and yelled, “Babies are coming.”  Jamie tripped over the weights in his haste as he ran out of the room.  By the time everyone was ready, the ambulance had arrived and Ronnee was being wheeled out.  Gavin wanted to drive, but Jamie thought better of it and drove them all. He laughed as Gavin punched numbers into his cell phone and said the same words over and over, “This is Gavin. The babies are on the way. Bye.”

They arrived at the hospital minutes behind Ronnee and Gavin was impressed to see Dr. Taylor and Mitch standing there. Ronnee was wheeled into a labor and delivery waiting room and placed on monitors.

Gavin paced and then sat down. He then stood up and paced some more. Every once in awhile he left the room and Maggie, Jamie or someone else would come in. Ronnee didn’t want an epidural for she was scared of the needles. However, in the end she relented because Mitch thought it best if she had a c-section. Ronnee had never done anything in childbirth that wasn’t natural, but she knew with the circumstances she was under that she would do as suggested.

An hour later they rolled Ronnee to a special delivery room. Dr. Taylor and a variety of nurses and doctors scrubbed in. Due to Mitch’s insistence, they allowed Gavin to stay, suited up of course. Fifteen minutes later, Gavin walked out into the waiting room with a large eight pound baby boy with head of thick black hair named Rowan Rowen dubbed Rowen and a smaller six pound baby girl named Alyxandria Lia dubbed Alyx. Alyx’s hair was not quite as thick but was long and curly. Ronnee slept deeply in the other room while her babies where being introduced into the world.

No one thought anything of Ronnee’s sleep until the next morning. Mitch called Gavin into his office. “Gavin,” Mitch said softly, “Ronnee is in some sort of coma.  We ran some tests and we can’t figure out why, unless her body is just exhausted. Sometimes brain tumors are unpredictable. I think that you need to make sure things are in order. Make sure that her other children are going to be taken care of and certain decisions are legally viable. It is time you thought of what is to come.” Gavin’s face sunk. Mitch hugged his friend and walked back to Ronnee’s room with him.

Ronnee stayed on oxygen for several days before they pulled her off. Her blood pressure was a little high, but everything else was normal. Gavin didn’t leave her side, even when the babies were deemed healthy and discharged from the hospital. Maggie and Charlie took the babies to the house and started a routine.

Three days later, Ronnee opened her eyes and looked at Gavin, whose head was resting on his arm as he dozed. He was gaunt and losing weight. Ronnee knew it was her fault and hated to see her knight in shining armor looking so washed out. She slowly raised her hand and ran it through his hair. When Gavin woke with a jerk, she smiled at him, “Is that all you do is sleep?”

Gavin’s emotions were so obvious on his face that it shocked Ronnee. He leaned up and kissed her so heartily. “I love you and I was so scared you were gone.” He started to cry as he held her tight.

“Please Gavin, I am not worth all this. You aren’t eating and you look horrid. I just want a bath, food and I want to go home.”

Gavin slowly raised his head, “Please?” Ronnee repeated.

Gavin jumped up and was hollering down the hallway for the nurse. After a heated discussion with Dr. Taylor and Mitch, Gavin relented and told Ronnee she had to stay  the night and would be released in the morning. Her face was so sad that Gavin almost picked her up and removed her from the hospital right then.

Since Ronnee’ hadn’t eaten in several days, they quickly scheduled another scan and when she arrived back in the room, she had a meal waiting for her.  Ronnee was so hungry she just knew the food would never be enough, but she filled up rather quickly.

Mitch came in with some good news, “The tumor hasn’t grown any, which considering the length of time, is remarkable. I want you to go home and rest for the next two weeks and then we are going to start the laser treatments and radiation.”  Ronnee looked at Gavin with solemn eyes and nodded.

Gavin made arrangements and had the limo out front to pick them up the next morning. He wouldn’t let anyone touch his Bronwyn. He put her in the wheel chair, he pushed her to the limo, he put her in the car and removed her from same when they arrived home.  Ronnee wanted to walk into the house under her own means but Gavin would hear nothing of it and carried her in. He almost cried at her light weight. Her skin would never be stretched taught again but he could feel she had lost a tremendous amount of weight from the first time he met her. 

When Gavin reached the front door, it opened for him and there must have been several hundred people crammed into the house. Gavin carried Ronnee through the crowd and to the couch. There were hundreds of gifts for her, Gavin and the babies and even some for her other children.  Catie and Beth were there as well as Keeton and Aria.  Ronnee felt so loved. Beth wouldn’t leave her side and between Gavin and Beth, Ronnee felt smothered. She spent the next two hours opening presents and chatting with people.  Ronnee felt a headache coming on, but didn’t say anything. Within a few moments later, Catie left and came back with Gavin.

“She is being an ass again. Her head hurts and she won’t go upstairs.” Ronnee looked up to protest, but Gavin had already shoved people out of the way and was picking her up.

Before he mounted the stairs, Gavin looked back, “Beth, Catie, would you guys mind fixing something to eat, I am starved and she needs eat as well.” Gavin winked at them.

Catie snorted, “If he thinks he can wink and we will do his bidding. He is nothing but a flirt.” She turned to Beth, “What do you want to cook for them?” Beth smiled and the two of them walked into the kitchen.

The next week was a good one. Beth and Catie stayed with her and it seemed like old times again. Gavin was eating and gaining weight and Ronnee was doing her best, but just couldn’t eat much. They played games and gossiped and for the first time in years, Ronnee realized how much her friends meant to her.  All too soon the day came and they had to return to their families. 

Ronnee walked with them to the limo, all were crying, “I promise to come and visit soon. It’s time I went back home.” Ronnee smiled. She felt strangely at peace but she knew had some things to do.

So far Ronnee had been given a clean bill of health, save the tumor and that didn’t at this point in time, seem to be growing. Her headaches subsided and if it wasn’t for the knowledge of the tumor, no one would have known. Gavin was starting to work half days again and even agreed to travel to a close office, where he would be back at night.  Ronnee spent her days with Maggie and the babies and her nights with Gavin and the babies. After the babies went to sleep, Gavin would make love to her. At first Ronnee protested, but at his insistence and constant teasing finally relented.

May went by quickly and soon school was out again for the summer. Ronnee loved the spring and early summer days, so she talked Gavin into taking her to their cove.  Gavin rode slowly with her, not allowing her to ride her own horse, which too started a fight. They spent the afternoon at the cove enjoying each other immensely.

“Gavin?” Ronnee asked as she lay back in his arms.

“Yes, my love.”

“I want to go home for a little bit. I have some unfinished business.”

“Bronnee, I don’t think…” He started to protest.

“Gavin, please. You don’t understand, I have to go home. I feel it inside. I want to take the kids and travel. I am sure Mitch will find it ok for us to be gone for a few weeks. Especially since all is going well.” Ronnee pleaded at Gavin. She turned in his arms and wrapped them about his neck.

“I need to talk to you about that. Mitch says you are still refusing the treatments.” Gavin tried to be firm and remove her arms from his neck so he could lecture her, but couldn’t find the strength to pull her body from his.

“I am taking some, just not all. I have something I have to do and I do not want my kids to see me sick all of the time.  Even Mitch agreed that it would only, at the most gain me a few months. I have things I have to do.” Ronnee reiterated.

Gavin thought for a moment. He could go back and check on the mill and see how it was running and she could visit for a few days and then they could travel to Colorado and visit his cousins, then off to California to visit her family. “Ok, only if you promise me one thing.”

“If I can I will love, what?” Ronnee replied as she started kissing his face and neck.

“You will do all you can to be with me as long as you can.” Tears were in Gavin’s eyes.

“Oh, Gavin, don’t you understand, it isn’t for me to decide. This is in God’s hands. I am at peace. Please be so too. If I had my way, we would spend the rest of our lives here in this cove and making love.” A slight sheepish grin crossed her face. 

Ronnee left his arms and laid her head in his lap. She watched the sun and its melancholy colors change as it drifted down towards the horizon. There was a long pregnant pause as they enjoyed the sounds of silence. In the distance the sea gulls chattered and on Devil’s Island you could hear an occasion seal talking. Finally Ronnee moved her head and looked over towards the woods, where the hammock was stretched. While lying in that hammock you could see the beautiful cove and the sun set. How she wished she could lie in the hammock every night just to watch the sun set. After a moment she spoke, “Gavin?” 

“Yes, love.”

“I want to be buried over there.  By the hammock, so that I can over look our cove.” Ronnee looked up at Gavin. His eyes were angry, “What is the matter?”

“I will speak of no such things.” Ronnee saw that the conversation was over, so she turned back to the sea.

A short time later, they walked back to the house leading the horse.


CHAPTER XXXI

Bronwyn, Gavin and the children boarded the private jet bound for Chattanooga, Tennessee. Gavin hired a full time governess to help Ronnee with the children while they were vacationing and because he noticed her tiring easily. He didn’t want her to know, but he was becoming increasingly worried.  The fact that the tumor wasn’t growing, didn’t match her tiring body.  Several times Gavin chastised himself for thinking this way. His nature was not to be pessimistic, but full of optimism.

After a short trip by limo, they pulled into the drive of the house that Ronnee and her children left to only go on a vacation, one that has now lasted for a year. Amanda and they boys were excited about seeing their old friends. Gavin took his son, Rowen, while Ronnee carried Alyx to the house.  The yard was nicely mowed and the flowers planted and the house itself was spotless.  For the first time in almost a year, Ronnee panicked about the house.

“How is it, that I haven’t lost the house?”

Gavin’s quirky smile caught her unaware, “The tooth fairy paid it off.”

Ronnee looked aghast at Gavin, “I wanted to pay for it myself.”

Gavin sat down on the couch with the infant and patted the spot next to him. “Sit.” After Ronnee sat down he continued, “You have paid for it yourself. You gave me your undying love, the children I thought I would never have, you dealt with my arrogance and at times, my stupidity and you have given me the most precious gift of all.” Gavin didn’t finish and that bothered Ronnee.

“What gift is that?” trying to make a joke she added, “It wasn’t my virginity. So what was it?”

Gavin looked at her with soulful eyes and then turned back to his son who was now squirming. His eyes brightened, “Can you believe they are already three months old?” He turned and looked at her, “Can you believe our first anniversary is next month?”

“People might think that we didn’t wait until our wedding night.” Ronnee laughed.

“If I would have known about your surgery, I would have tried harder.” The twinkle in Gavin’s eyes made Ronnee smile warmly.

“I am not sure we could have done anything more.”

“I am.” Was all he said.  A few moments later the governess announced she had the babies’ room ready and their bottles warmed. “Go get us the bottles and we will feed our children together.” Gavin held Ronnee’s hand as they waited.

Each passing day, Gavin and Ronnee fell into an almost desperate love making scene every night. Like they were afraid it would be their last.  Their love grew, deepened and strengthened each morning they woke and looked into each other’s eyes.  Sometimes Ronnee would feel Gavin crying in the bed, but knew he was trying to remain stoic and be her pillar of strength.  Other times, Gavin woke up to Ronnee’s sobs and made madly passionate love to her until she had no strength to cry again.

Catie and Beth spent much of their off time at the house.  Gavin was going to the mill daily to check on the progress and was the ribbon cutter for the ground breaking ceremony of the new addition. Everyone had something to do but her. Even though she wasn’t an overly energetic person, all this sitting around was driving her nuts.

After their third week in Georgia, Ronnee was thoroughly disgusted with herself and Gavin for all he would let her do was sit around the house. He hired a full time maid to cook and clean and the governess took care of the children. Ronnee, he told her, was to just relax and enjoy. He had a pool put in and a Jacuzzi was added shortly thereafter. He made sure she had all the luxuries of a comfortable home. One day Ronnee, being utterly bored with sitting around, dressed and told the governess she would be back shortly.  She knew the boys were with their father and Amanda-Lynne was with Amanda-Nicole watching the twins play ball so she left and went to the mill.

She walked into the office and asked for Gavin. The woman at the front office window, who had been there for years, came out and hugged Ronnee upon recognition. Ronnee steeled herself, “You were never kind to me before, please do not change now. I will not cause the loss of your job.” With the look of arrogance she had gained from her time with Gavin, she swept out of the office and into the plant where she was told Gavin was at.

Ronnee walked around and truly enjoyed the conversation with many of the people but she could never have been more elated to see anyone than she was when she saw Joe. Tears leaped to her eyes at the face of her old faithful friend, “Oh God, Joe.” Ronnee’s tears just started pouring forth.

Joe stood there and held her. He knew something was wrong. “Has your new man been cruel?”

“No, he would never do that. He is stellar and perfect. He babies me to the point that I am spoiled. Look we have two children.” She said, showing Joe the pictures. “Twins, Rowan Rowen is the boy and Alyxandria Lia is the girl.  We call them Rowen and Alyx.” She only showed Joe the pictures of their children, something she had not even mentioned to anyone else.

Joe looked at the beautiful children but stepped back when he looked into her eyes, he knew there was definitely something wrong.  With a surer step than he had before his new position, he led Ronnee to his new office and kicked out the people lounging about at his desk. “Bronwyn, what’s wrong? I can tell, it’s something more serious than a spat with yer man.”

Ronnee just looked at Joe and stared to cry. Joe sat there and held her, “You are sick?”

Ronnee nodded. “Brain tumor.”

“Headaches?” 

“Yes.”

“How long?”

“A few months, more or less. I know in my heart it is less, but have never told Gavin. Mitch wasn’t sure because it seemed to have stopped growing. We found it when I was pregnant and we couldn’t do anything because I wouldn’t let them risk the life of the babes for me. Now, I am ready to go, well, not ready, but I accept the fact and I know it is going to happen and I want to spend the last days with Gavin and my children, not stuck in some hospital. Gavin doesn’t know but the last tests weren’t as good. I have made excuses and missed my last appointment and told him Mitch said it would be ok to come here for a month to visit.” Ronnee paused to wipe her nose, “I came to say good bye to those who deserve it.”

“That’s a little arrogant, Ronnee.” Joe whispered not sure of what to say about her confession.

“I don’t care. I do not want people to know, because when they find out they pity me. The Armstrongs don’t pity me, they just love me. I want that, not pity.”

Joe had enough of this dismal talk, “Tell me of your wedding.” Ronnee spent the next hour sitting in Joe’s office telling him about her fairy tale life and wedding. Joe laughed in places, sighed in others, and wished he could have been there. They were laughing about Gavin scolded her when she walked in front of the horses during the joust when they heard over the P.A. system, “Joe come to cabling. Joe come to cabling.”

Joe sighed he enjoyed this time immeasurably.  He took her hand and led her off as they continued to talk about happy things. When they arrived a hyster had part of a new machine dangling as maintenance struggled to connect something for it to be lowered into place. Ronnee loved to watch and part of her yearned to help, but she would never ruin her clothes. She may have money now but she wasn’t a wastrel.

She saw the legs that were sticking out from underneath the hanging machinery.  They were tanned and well defined. She gasped, “Gavin!” Joe wouldn’t let her go near, knowing that if she panicked someone, he could be crushed.

“Ssshh Ronnee, he is fine.  He has been doing the hard manual labor since he returned. I think I understand why now. I believe he is working to exert off some of his anger.”

Gavin slid out from under the machine.  He had on a form fitting muscle shirt and a pair of those shorts he wore to the ball field. There were several female operators around and they were gaggling at him.  Fury erupted in Ronnee, or perhaps it was jealousy, but she didn’t care. Joe grabbed her arms and held her tight.

“Let me go.” She turned on Joe.

“Nope. Let him come to you. Relax, watch him and enjoy this.”

Ronnee stood there with a heavy heart as she saw the women offer him drinks and towels. She gasped in anger as one brushed his back off, letting her hands linger about him a bit too long. Joe tightened his grip even more as she tried to struggle against him again.  Gavin was mildly flirting with the women, old, young, ugly and pretty and Ronnee’s face tightened with ire.

Joe turned his attention back to Ronnee, “Would you relax? Trust me on this.”

Ronnee concentrated on her husband.  His muscles here cut and well defined from the heavy exercise he put them through. His body contour was very sensual and he had some of the most incredibly sexy legs she had ever seen.  His black hair needed cutting again and even though he was dirty, he still reeked of money and class.  His nails were clean and manicured, his face beautiful with clean white teeth. His eyes, Ronnee gasped when she saw them, his eyes were so unnerving.

Gavin was standing enduring the attention of these women.  Sometimes he thought that his being here slowed things down.  He helped to lower the machine onto the new steel plating that would hold the engine down. His muscles bulged and strained as he worked to keep machinery from moving from its plotted course.  Once it was settled down, he loosened the chain and the hyster driver lifted it and pulled back.  Even though every muscle in his body ached, he enjoyed the manual labor. Once again the woman were perusing his body, however, it was different this time. He felt someone staring at him with such intensity, he felt a hole burning through him. There was only one person who could make him feel as such. He turned quickly to see Bronwyn standing with Joe.

All else was lost to Gavin.  He stared at the beauty that was his wife and fairly pushed people out of the way to get to her.  The crowd standing around hushed as they saw who he was staring at.  Gavin rushed over and picked her up and spun her around. Ronnee wrapped her legs about him and kissed him deeply, her fingers playing with his hair. For several minutes, they were unmindful of the others as they were lost into their own world.

Suddenly, Ronnee dropped her legs and whispered to Gavin, “Put me down.”

Gavin laughed, “Why?”

“There are dozens of people staring.”

Gavin seemed undaunted, “So?” He laughed as redness crept into Ronnee’s face. He slowly lowered her, his hands making no bars about what they touched. When she was standing, somewhat, on her two feet, Gavin spoke loudly, “This is my wife, the love of my life and the mother of my children, Bronwyn Lee Armstrong. You know her as Ronnee.” A murmur ran through the crowd. “She is the lady, or the owner of this mill as well as I, so please show her the respect she is owed.”  Gavin lost sight for all but Ronnee and walked her around the mill showing her what had changed.

As Ronnee walked she could see some envious faces, but mostly ones filled with hatred. Not caring anymore, she kept her hand tightly entwined with Gavin’s. Joe followed closely behind, enjoying the love that the two shared. Ronnee looked up at Gavin and Gavin saw something he didn’t want to see. Her pain was back. 

Ronnee fought the headache hard for about thirty minutes, but then she knew she was about to pass out. She could no longer stop it than she could stop from staring at her beautiful family. When she looked up at Gavin, her eyes were so pain filled with that she was collapsing to the ground as he watched.

Gavin quickly gathered her into his arms and shouted at Joe, “Get the limo up front.” Joe nodded solemnly for he knew.

Fifteen minutes later they were on the way to the hospital.  Ronnee hadn’t woken up yet and Gavin was worried. He refused put her down yet and wouldn’t let go of her. He was still in his dirty clothes but he didn’t care.

They pulled into the emergency room of the local hospital and the nurses barked at Gavin for carrying her in without being admitted. One look from Gavin silenced him.  Gavin ordered the limo driver to return to the house and gather some of his things and to tell the governess where they were.

Gavin carried Ronnee to where he was told to go, not allowing anyone to touch her.  He sat down in the room and held her tight, crying softly into her hair, “You can’t go yet, my love.  There is still much to do. Fight this for me.”

The doctor walked in and convinced Gavin to lay Ronnee down so he could come outside and talk.  Gavin dialed a number on his cell, against the voicing of the doctor and staff, and in minutes had Mitch on the phone. “Mitch, she has passed out. What do you mean she missed her last appointment? She said you told her it would be ok to travel. Yes. Ok, here is the emergency room doctor.” Gavin paused, “This is Dr. Mitch Oliver, he is her oncologist.” He handed the phone to the E.R. doctor and left to rejoin Ronnee.

“Ronnee, I am going to kick your ass, when you wake up. How could you lie to me? Are you trying to die? I can’t live without you. Please Ronnee don’t do this.” Gavin sobbed openly into Ronnee’s chest. He held onto her tight as he wept, the racking shaking his whole body.  A few moments later, he felt a hand on his shoulder.

“We need to take her upstairs, Mr. Armstrong, and run a quick test.”  Gavin could only nod. He drank a cup of water and absentmindedly took a pill that a nurse gave him. Soon Gavin lay down, stretched out and went to sleep.

Gavin woke up in a dark room.  He was on a bed across the room from where Ronnee slept. He looked around and on the floor was his over night bag. His cell phone was placed on top and it was blinking constantly with messages.

He turned and looked at Ronnee again. She stirred and mumbled his name. Gavin was off of his bed and to hers in seconds. She reached out for him and he lay down next to her holding her tight. There wasn’t much room, but he wasn’t going to leave her alone. Shortly thereafter, he fell asleep again.

Ronnee woke the next morning. Her head hurt, but it was bearable. She couldn’t breathe because her big oaf of a husband was holding her so tight. She slowly adjusted her eyes and saw she was in a hospital. She turned her head and saw his eyes awake. “Gavin?” she questioned him for she remembered naught.

“You passed out at work. They ran tests, the tumor has almost doubled in size.” Gavin took a deep breath, “Why did you lie about coming here?”

Ronnee sobbed, “Because there isn’t anything they can do anyway. I want to love you and enjoy you, not lay in a hospital waiting to die.”  Gavin held her close trying to keep away her fears.

The nurse walked in and motioned to speak with Gavin separately.  “Dr. Oliver has arranged for your jet to pick you up and take you back to Washington State. He said it leaves in four hours.  We are sending you with pain pills for her and some sleeping pills for the both of you. You take two, she takes one, or two if she is in a lot of pain and discomfort.”  

She handed Gavin the discharge papers and he looked at them, “Morphine. It is the beginning of the end.” He stiffened his spine and willed bravery back into his depressed body and walked into her room.  He filled the air with banter and laughter as they readied to leave.

***
Mitch was looking at the films Gavin brought back from Georgia. “It is pressing on her spinal column here and starting to invade her mandible here.  Gavin, there isn’t anything we can do now. I am sorry.” Gavin face was crestfallen. “We can try a new laser surgery and reduce it some, but it will only add a few weeks. Does she have her Living Will done.” Gavin nodded. “DNR?” Again Gavin nodded. “She is ready for this to end?” Gavin looked sadly at his friend. “Well, let’s just make her comfortable.”

They talked for an hour about what to do.  Ronnee stayed in the hospital as they ran a few more tests.  Mitch wanted her to stay a few more days so he could monitor her, but Ronnee had other plans.  When Gavin and Mitch walked into the room, Ronnee was up and packing. Mitch was the first to react, “Bronwyn, where do you think you are going?”

“Home.” She stated simply.

“You have to stay here.”

“Mitch, I am not going to argue with you. I want to go home and that is that.”

Gavin watched her as she fought off tears, “I have something I have to finish.” Was all she would say. Gavin nodded and helped her pack.

Mitch pulled him aside, “You are signing her death certificate if we can’t monitor her. I plan on bringing in more specialists who can help. Gavin stop her.” Mitch was side tracked as he saw Ronnee trying to remove on of the two IVs in her hands. “Hey you can’t just jerk that out.”

Gavin waited until Mitch finished with Ronnee then he took his friend outside to talk, “Mitch, she told me a long time ago, she didn’t want to die like this.  She wants to die at home with me. Not stuck full of needles and holes. I just want her last days to be happy. Please come to the house, as you see fit, for her exams. But no more IVs, no more scans and no more tests.” Mitch nodded for he knew that Gavin understood the gravity of his decision.

CHAPTER XXXII

Yesterday was their first anniversary. Ronnee had always said she wanted to live to their first anniversary and she did. She was doing well, her pain was slight and she felt her strength coming back day by day.  The twins were babbling, crawling all over and pulling themselves up.  Ronnee knew they would be walking early.

She looked out at the scenery around her. Ryder was in high school now.  Amanda had graduated high school early and Keene graduated the elementary level. Amanda, through the help and guidance of Gavin and his family, had decided to attend Yale University for pre-med.  Yale was close and she didn’t want to go too far.  Ryder had finally worked his way out of the ‘not doing homework stage’ and was excelling as Ronnee always knew he could. Ryder loved to work out with Gavin and was becoming strong and stout like his step father, or Dad, as Ryder now called Gavin.

With a tear in her eye, she watched the man she loved greater than life turn her life and her children’s lives around and become productive, wonderful people. Ronnee turned back to the diary she was leaving for her children.  It was addressed to all, but mostly to the twins, who would never know her. Ronnee knew in her heart that her time was shorter than Gavin, Mitch or anyone expected.  She received a very strange call, the second so far, from Carolyn.  She made a note in the diary regarding that call.

Ronnee watched Rowen sit up his little back stiff.  He had the thick lusty black hair like Gavin’s, however, his eyes were blue like hers. In his little cheeks were Gavin’s dimples and he also had Gavin’s little cleft chin as well.

 Alyx’s hair was a variety of blondes, reds and brunettes. It was long and lush, hanging almost half way down her back. Her hair must grow like Gavin’s, Ronnee laughed to herself.  Alyx was always by Rowen’ side and never leaving him. If he stood, she stood, if he slept, she slept. But there was something so incredibly different about Alyx.  She rarely babbled and her eyes seemed completely out of character for a baby.  Her eyes were dark like Gavin’s and she could stare through you. Ronnee had a feeling that she could walk, but wouldn’t until Rowen did.

Amanda came for a visit. She loved Yale and was excelling. She was also a bit perturbed because it seemed that Roger transferred there from London to finish his Masters in history and his Bachelor’s in Business.  Once again, Roger was at her side at all times. He never asked her out or asked her to a dance, he would just show up and take her.  All her stomping and fit throwing, and at times Ronnee was sure, cursing, didn’t seem to upset this young man. He would just sit down and let her finish her fit and then ask, “Are you ready?” Amanda-Nicole was attending Yale as well. Gavin made sure that they would have what they wanted. Since both girls wanted to go to school together, Gavin paid for everything. The two girls were more like sisters than most sisters and Gavin knew that college was a time to have someone by your side to keep you from making dumb mistakes. It was a long conversation between Beth, Greg, Ronnee and Gavin and finally after much begging by Nicole, Greg finally agreed to let her attend a college so far from home.

Ronnee sighed. Everything was perfect. She was happy and content. She leaned over and wrote that in the diary as well. 

Ronnee spent several hours with Amanda, just talking to her as she would a friend. She asked everything and listened well. When she hugged her daughter goodbye, Ronnee looked deep into her daughter’s eyes and told her how much she loved her and how so very proud she was of her. Amanda looked away confused and slightly embarrassed.

The next day, Amanda went back to college and much to her chagrin, Roger showed up to drive her there. After a few moments of arguing and Gavin’s interference, for he feared for Roger’s life at one point, Amanda finally crawled into the little Thunderbird coupe and they drove off. Henry flew down to Amanda-Nicole’s home to make sure she had a safe trip back to Yale. 

***

Later that afternoon Gavin was sitting in the pool playing with the twins, giving Ronnee a break from the two energetic children.  He was such a doting father, Ronnee sighed contentedly.  She was much weaker today, but tried her best to hide it.  Fall was just around the corner and the area was beautiful as the leaves changed hues fading from their dark jaded color to their lighter greens and yellows. “Gavin?”

Gavin pushed the twins in their little floating boats over towards Ronnee, “Yes, my love?”

“Do you think the governess could watch the twins for a while? I feel like I am in need of you. I miss you greatly.” Ronnee’s embarrassment colored her pale face.

Gavin cracked a grin, “Sure.” He stepped out of the pool and carried the twins to the governess, who was sunning herself. Gavin took Ronnee’s hand and led her upstairs.  They spent the afternoon bathing in the large tub, feeding each other and laughing, between bouts of lovemaking that is.

They made love into the morning and finally fell asleep in each other’s arms.  Ronnee was the first to wake. She could feel the sunlight on her body.  She rolled over and ran her hands about the gorgeous body of this man who was her husband. Always amazed that someone as perfect as Gavin would have anything to do with her, Ronnee sighed at his loveliness while she wondered, as usual, why her. As her eyes trailed down his body and she perused his perfection, she saw something that attracted her attention strongly. Remember what Gavin said he always loved, she took his manliness into her mouth and savored him.  

Gavin woke to the most wonderful surprise he had received in a long time. When he had enough of her toying he pulled her up and sat her on his rigidness.  Ronnee rode him, her hair laying about her bouncing breasts. Gavin’s face contorted with pleasure and then he turned her over so he was on top, raised her leg and finished with a force that shook them both to their very foundations. They collapsed once again, but Gavin never left her body.  He held her tight and rolled her over on top of him, so she could sleep. They slept for another hour, before Gavin woke her with his slow lazy movements.

Ronnee’s eyes slowly opened, “I am exhausted.” She laughed.

Gavin kissed her longingly, “I’m not.” They made slow tranquil love. Gavin took his time in exploring her body. He was amazed at how little there was of it. She had lost over 75 pounds and was too thin now. Even those magnificent breasts he loved were not near the size they once were. Her skin had paled, the lustrous shine in her hair was amiss and her bones showed, but to him she was still the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Just thinking of her brought serious lust to his loins.

Later that morning, Ronnee begged Gavin to take her to their cove. Since she was weak, from their constant lovemaking as she told him, she wanted to ride in Gavin’s arms and not ride by herself.  Ronnee knew she was being selfish making him put forth all this extra effort, but she didn’t have the energy to do things herself.

Gavin had the cook prepare a nice basket lunch and together, on Gavin’s great black steed as requested by Bronwyn, they slowly rode to the cove. All afternoon they ate, talked and fed each other.  They made love in the hammock, in the sand, and went swimming and explored each other’s bodies in the ocean waters.  As the sun set, Ronnee climbed into Gavin’s arms, as he leaned back against their log, and cuddled to his chest.

Gavin felt his chest tighten, something was drastically wrong. To him it was as if Ronnee wanted her final fill of him; as if she knew this was going to be their last time together. Gavin shook his head and told himself he was full of nonsense. He held her tight and together they watched the sun change hues and glow brilliantly.  They watched the yellows change to orange and then to pink and lavender and then to red. The reflection against the calm bay blazed a brilliant red hue never before seen by Gavin. It was almost as if someone spilled blood on the water. Ronnee tilted her head up and asked Gavin softly, “Please kiss me and promise to love me forever.”

Gavin leaned over and softly kissed her lips.  Ronnee’s hand went about his head and played with the hair she loved so much.  Gavin parted her lips and murmured his eternal love into them. Ronnee’s lips stilled and Gavin felt her hand slide down his back.  He lifted his head and looked at her slightly opened mouth that curved into a smile and then into her closed eyes. Her breath was stilled and her body was heavy with lifeless weight. Gavin shook her for a moment with hope, but he knew. He let out a howl so loud and long that it disturbed animals and people alike for miles around.

Maggie was sitting in the living room when she heard the ungodly sound.  She stood as Jamie ran into the living room and he grabbed her as she collapsed into his arms.

Amanda was sitting at her desk studying when she felt something. She felt like a part of her was missing. She closed her book and no sooner had grabbed her coat when Roger entered with an overnight bag. Holding hands, fingers entwined tightly, they left without a sound. Henry was literally dragging Amanda-Nicole down the hallway. Nicole was rather tiffed about being dragged about without an explanation. She took one look at Amanda-Lynne’s bereft face and new. She quietly followed everyone out the door to the waiting car. The trip home was made in silence. The two boys, holding the two girls, who were both struggling with their tears.

Ryder and Keene were at friends’ houses when they stopped playing. Together, yet separate, they turned and left those houses without a word; met half way and walked home in silence. Ryder reached over and hugged his brother’s shoulders as they walked. Keene fought the tears as they welled up in the corner of his bright blue eyes.

The twins woke and Alyx started to cry, but her brother reached over to touch her and she quieted. The governess picked up both babies and rocked them.

Beth called Catie, but she already knew. The two women made plans to leave as soon as they could. For some reason, both women knew that there would be a plane waiting for them by the time they arrived at the Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport. They gathered the rest of their families and met there a few hours later. They knew. Joe was working when he received the call. He left work. He had no ideas of going to the funeral, but he just wanted to be alone. Catie ran into Steve while she was at the store and told him the sad news. Steve let his head drop. He never said good bye. He never realized she was that sick.

Gavin sat against the log holding Ronnee crying into her as he had never cried before. Ronnee could feel their spirits clinging to each other, Gavin’s soul not wanting to let go. She knew he would die if she couldn’t separate her soul from his.  Ronnee floated above him wishing she could make things better. With a thought, she turned to Carolyn.

In Chandler, Colorado, Carolyn saw the ghost of her relative appear near by.  “Please Carolyn. Go to Gavin, tell him how much I love him. Tell him I have loved him before I knew him, I love him now and will love him forever and always. The children need him.”

Carolyn looked at her and smiled, “You are being called Home.”

Ronnee looked at her with defiance, “I am not going, I am staying with Gavin, until he goes.”

“Bronwyn, you have to go, it is the Way.”

“I cannot bear to leave my loved ones yet. I cannot bear to let Gavin out of my sight. Please call him and talk to him.”

Carolyn nodded and within two hours the Armstrongs and other cousins, Carolyn, Ayden and their family were on their way to Washington State.

It was fully dark when a ragged, haggard Gavin came walking down the road from the cove carrying the still body of his beloved wife. His horse followed silently and walked to his stall as if he knew something was horridly wrong.  Jamie tried to take Ronnee, for Gavin looked like he was about to collapse, but Gavin refused and carried her to their bedroom, locking the door.

The next morning, Gavin unlocked the door and looked out.  The living room was filled with people. He saw his father, “We will bury her at the cove.” Gavin allowed them to take her body and ready her.

He looked into the eyes of his three children, as they stood there waiting on him.  He fell to his knees and held onto them tightly and cried. After a few minutes, they locked themselves into the babies’ room.  No one came out the rest of the day.

Carolyn knocked on the door to that room. “Gavin I have to speak with you. Please let me in, it is urgent.”

The door was unlocked and Ryder opened it. Carolyn looked at the wasted body of Gavin, he seemed to have aged twenty years. “I have a message,” she began as the door shut behind her.

An hour later, Gavin came out holding his daughter, while Amanda held her baby brother. The boys were holding onto each other tightly. Gavin’s face was older, he posture slumped and his body weak. He spoke in halting words, “I want to thank you all for coming. The children and I have decided to have a small funeral at the cove. It was very private to her and she wouldn’t want a lot of people there. Please, if you want to do anything, donate money to a cancer institute nearby. We have a new life to begin. She is no longer hurting and since it will take us years to stop hurting, we are going to start that process now.” Gavin tried to smile, but his heart wasn’t in it.  They walked, as a small group, through the parting waves of guests and down to the cove.

When Carolyn left the room she had aged as well.  She was tired. Ayden was at her side holding her, knowing how her strength was drained.

She looked at Ayden, “They will be fine. We will finally have an Armstrong in the White House, can you believe?” She smiled at Ayden and they walked away. “Yes,” she said, “they are going to be just fine.”


THE END



IF YOU ENJOYED THE WREN THEN LOOK FOR THE NEXT NOVEL IN THE SERIES, THE WREN’S NEST.




















	Gavin was struggling taking care of day to day things. He was still so lost over the death of Ronnee that he barely lived anymore. The children were growing and doing fine, but he just couldn’t say good bye. He finally found his soul-mate and she was taken away from him. How can he deal with his day to day business, raise children and be a good role model when he didn’t want to live? Gavin found something deep in Ronnee’s drawer. It was a diary. Laying back on the bed, he began to read. He saw things from her eyes and as he read, he reminisced. It was as if she was coming back from the dead to be with him.

Another novel by Ronnee-Lee.
AN EXCERPT FROM THE NEXT NOVEL …THE WREN’S NEST


Gavin turned his attention back to the diary and opened it up to her first actual entry.

Dear children, 
I guess I have to play catch up, so here we go. I met your father, Gavin, at Wal-mart. The story is rather quite funny, however, I will let most of that lie for now. I remember him being the most handsome man I had ever seen. I remember him conniving my boys into behaving with ice cream and then being so presumptuous as to order me some when I said I didn’t want any. See even then he was taking care of me. Since that day, I have never stopped thinking of him. His eyes mesmerized me and captivated my heart. I would never have admitted it at the time, but I think it was love at first sight. My biggest problem was that I couldn’t believe that someone like him would want someone like me. 

I must admit I was rude to him for I didn’t want to acknowledge my feelings. I ran into him, accused him and probably said some other mean things I don’t remember. He was nothing but nice, as he is now. He hasn’t changed from day one, only I have. Your father brought me out of my hiding spot. He showed me how to love and be loved, how to give and take. I cannot help but to think that if it wasn’t for that fateful day in Wal-mart that my life would still be miserable. I thank God with all my heart for that day. It is one day I will never forget.

Gavin and I read a book together today. He keeps his hand on my belly in case one of the babies, yes can you believe babies, I am having twins, kicks. I am so lucky. I have all I could ever ask for. He does all he can to make me comfortable.

With all my heart – Mom

Gavin wiped tears from his eyes. He wasn’t crying tears of deep sorrow but tears of happiness for he now knew how happy she was and how she felt about some things. He loved her as much as she loved him. That he previously knew, but now had in writing, and for some reason that was the icing on the cake.  Gavin smiled.  She was so much more special that he could have ever had dreamed.

Looking at the clock, he saw it was late. Gavin started to close the diary, but then changed his mind. He grabbed a pen from the dresser and began to write on the blank page. It was there for a reason and he grasped this was the reason.

Dear Children,

This is your father, Gavin. The one that your mother keeps going on about. I just wanted to add a few things that I remembered about that day so you can get the whole picture. I am going to be adding things throughout this diary for I believe you need both sides to everything.  Two memories are always better than one.

I remember Wal-mart. I smile at the thought. Ryder and Keene were not always so well behaved. To be honest, if you were mine at that point, you would have had a tanned hide. I saw your mother and felt so bad for her. She looked so ragged. Nothing about her, to be honest, attracted me at first. But when I first looked into her eyes, I knew she was the one. From then on I was hooked. The eyes tell it all. If you cannot read their eyes, then they are lying about something. If you cannot read their eyes, then they are not your soul mate. Your mother was my soul mate and I was hers.

I remember that day reading. We were reading Moby Dick by Herman Melville. We had both previously read it, but reading it out loud to each other made it so much more special. We were also readying the twins for their life in the academic world.  We found out that day you were twins and decided we had better get started, for one is hard, but two scared us to death. I am glad you were twins, for you have done more for me that anyone could have.  

Your loving, doting father – Gavin

Gavin shut the journal. He was suddenly very tired.  He kept the journal tightly in his hands as he lay onto the bed. He fell into a deep sleep, dreaming about that first day he met his wife to be. He slept for the first time in several years with a smile on his face.


























Dear Readers:

I appreciate you buying and/or reading one of my books.  I enjoy reading immensely and I enjoy writing as well. I wrote this book about 10 years ago and am just now getting to the point of publishing. Depend on how this book sells, I have several others that I wrote years ago that I would also like to publish.

To clear some confusion, I loved the name Ronnee-Lee (nickname for Bronwyn Lee) for my “heroine” that I decided to use it as my pen name. There is something about the name that rang true for me. Thus my name Ronnee-Lee.

I would love to hear from you, so email me at ronneeleebooks@gmail.com.

Ronnee-Lee

  



