COVER HERE

The Witchling Grows Up

By Mary Moriarty


Copyright © 2014, Mary Moriarty
Smashwords Edition
Self-publishing
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, emailing, blogging, recording, or by any digital information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author.

Dedication

I want to thank my children and husband Bob for all the love and encouragement they give me. I truly appreciate everything you do for me so I can write.
To my little Bro Rob. I love and miss you still with every day. See your Big Sis is still hard at work, loving all the stories that come to me. I still want to share with you and hope you are watching from up there in heaven somewhere.
For my readers, I write for you, each and every one of you. If you like this story let me know. I love hearing from my readers.
Lastly to Jimmy Thomas who has provided me with not only great covers, the last three so far BUT because of you Jimmy I have some of the most amazing sisters & brothers in the world! 
To my Boobie Sisters & Brothers. You know who you are. I love you all!
Praise for Mary Moriarty

One Thousand Years to Forever
Moriarty did a wonderful job melding thousands of years of history with current day without missing a single beat. This novella is truly quite a gem. Five Star Rating and Crowned Heart for Excellence
~ InD’Tale Magazine~

True love...a strong emotion that CAN stand the test of time. In this wonderful read, Colum and Katherine are destined for one another. Every time Katherine “dies”, she is reincarnated, and Colum, an Irish Vampire Prince will never stop loving her, despite having to wait for the next reincarnation to grow up!!!. With her latest reincarnation, he WILL stop it from happening again. Colum is sexy and mysterious with cover model looks....what woman could say no to that!!! He is also protective, and tender...sigh.
The reader is taken through a myriad of emotions, from sadness, to happiness, and even suspense! I highly recommend this story to those hoping and looking for a love story that stands the test of time!!!!
Don’t forget to read the next book in the series, “I’ve Been Waiting for You (My Beloved Vampire)”...it’s even better!
Five Star Rating ~Susan Newman~ 

Katherine MacNamara is one tough lady with a lot of moxie, which has gotten her into one hot mess of a jam. Colum O’Heachthanna, a fierce Irish warrior prince, is there to save and protect her, as he evidently has tried, unsuccessfully, to do for centuries.
Colum is heir to the throne of his vampire world and Katherine is destined to be his queen, if Colum can save and turn her. There is a twist to the world of Colum O’Heachthanna, I don’t want to give it away, but I LOVE IT! The attraction between Kat and Colum is all encompassing. Colum knows why, but Kat is not sure she is ready to move on and love again after the loss of her firefighter husband in the Twin Towers on 9/11. It was Colum who saved her life that day, and who made a promise to her husband that he would watch over and protect Kat and their children. Kat has vowed vengeance on those responsible for the attacks that day, and in a very public forum; which has attracted the attention of a group determined to silence her once and for all.
Several years after the loss of her husband Kat moves herself and her children to the home her deceased Grandmother has left her in a small town away from the city, and its memories of that fateful day. During a morning jog she runs into Colum and discovers that they are now neighbors. Colum befriends her and their friendship quickly escalates. As Colum begins to reveal to Kat that this is not their first time together she, also, begins experiencing disjointed memories of their past lives and deep love for each other. As the attacks on Kat and her family begin in earnest, Colum vows that, this time, he will turn Kat before it is too late, and she will finally take her rightful place as his queen. Will he succeed?
This book is jam packed with intrigue, action, and plenty of steam. We get to meet all of Kat’s family and much of Colum’s, but I have a sense that there will be a lot more to learn about the O’Heachthanna family in coming books (I’m hoping). All those we meet in this first installment are strong, interesting characters that immediately draw you into their lives and make you want to know them better. The storyline is captivating and keeps you turning page after page until there are no more pages to turn. I guarantee it will leave you wanting to know more. I believe Ms. Moriarty very cleverly left us with a few strategic questions, hopefully to be answered in future installments and I, for one, cannot wait to read the continuing story of eternal love and devotion between Kat and Colum. 
Five Star Rating ~Renee~

I’ve Been Waiting for You
This is really Odin and Sally’s story but there is so much that goes along with that, from past, present and future it brings several stories into play. This large cast of characters are as always with Mary’s work, very well developed. I found myself absolutely charmed by some while I felt the evil resonate with others. I felt the love of family, the unbridled passions of the love between mates and the inconsolable devastation of loss.
This is the continuation of the first story, “ A Thousand years to Forever “ Which like this one is so far from the norm of your typical paranormal, vampire romance, you just get caught up and carried along throughout the whole journey with more twists and shocking surprises. We meet spirits, witches, vamps who are part fae and or part fallen Angel who all have their own series of mad skills. Oh yeah, did I mention the terrorists? Yeah, we have them too! I am so looking forward to the next book, “ Redemption at Midnight”... I just have to see what happens next! 
Five Star Rating ~Anna Salamatin~

Redemption at Midnight
First off, I got to mention how much I love this cover. It was what stood out for me first. Its dark with gorgeous coloring with a title that was just as tempting as the cover. But it was the blurb that caught my attention and had me wanting to read this story.
Redemption at Midnight was brilliantly written with a strong storyline, compelling characters, and touching moments that left me completely breathless and amazed.
Bella is a GORGEOUS woman, a vampire who has never known love and wants to. We have Brent a man who was once an Ops until he lost both his lower legs and his hand in an IED blast. He is very upset and bitter over everything and thinks he is no good for anything anymore.
When Bella and Brent get together, they both learn that all it takes to heal is each other. The fact that Bella NEEDS Brent in her time of “needing” was a spectacular thing to read about.
I think this book was beautiful, touching, and down right perfect! I give Redemption at Midnight a FOUR AND A HALF OUT OF FIVE STARS! I HIGHLY suggest you pick up a copy today and read what everyone is talking about. I don’t think you will be disappointed. 
Four Star Rating ~Marie Brown (Marie’s Tempting Reads)~

The Kings of Angkor: Army of a Thousand Elephants
The Kings of Angkor Army of a Thousand Elephants is a great story by a gifted writer. ~I was hooked from the first page.~
Exciting, intriguing, and fast paced. This book is filled with unexpected twists as you easily follow the characters through the adventure. The cultural ties between the past and present Cambodia cannot be severed or forgotten.
If you’re looking for a book about people with great passions, a book that will take you away from the world you thought you knew and send you into a different reality that is totally absorbing and believable, then this is the book for you.  
Five Star Review ~ Jae Hall
Prologue

He came from a large, powerful family of witches. To him they were no different than any other family. His father was a demi-god. His mother, a witch of marvelous and great powers. Their match had been one of convenience but had turned into a marriage of love. With that marriage came years of happiness. Then came their little boy who looked the spitting image of his father. He would follow his father around, when he was home from a campaign. As the years wore on, the wars also became many and his father was away more times than not. So the boy would sit at his mother’s feet and listen to wonderful stories of days gone by,  the magic his mother made and the love that was between her and his father. 
When his father returned, and he always did, he brought gifts from far away lands. The boy would go out to play while his parents would spend time together.
Then, in the boy’s twelfth summer a baby girl was born. She was as beautiful as his mother. Fair of skin and beautiful golden hair. As she grew it was evident she would be a special child. She had the gifts of not only her mother but the gods also.
The boy knew he had the ability to work magic. He would practice by himself. He would see his mother watching him for signs, but he was more interested in being a soldier like his father. So in his fourteenth summer, his father started to train him. It became evident, along with his size, that he was a warrior.
The years turned into centuries and the family moved to Albion, old England. They settled on the wild, west coast. With them came his mother’s family.
So they settled and became part of their new home. The mother and her sister healed the folks of the area. The girls broke hearts but never married.
Finally the time of the Civil War in England came. People turning their own family members in for a favor. It was then that his sister found love, or so she thought. She was hundreds of years old but she looked like a mere girl of sixteen. The fresh blush of love bloomed on her cheeks as she ran into her home. Her brother and father were home after a long absence.
She caught herself. She wouldn’t say anything until her mother was alone. Her mother glanced up from the fire as she stirred a soup. She sensed her mother knew without her words being spoken.

Later, after her husband and son were asleep the mother sat sewing by the fire. She waited for her daughter to come to her.
Rose picked her way down the stairs of their home. Dogs, the size of colts, and cats lay on the stairs. Some were curled up at the fire. She tiptoed to her mother.
“There be no need to walk like my cat. I knew ye would come down stairs.” She waited till her beautiful daughter was seated. “Now tell me why? You know your father and brother will go to him, and he being a titled landowner. You know he is engaged to be married.”
Rose looked up at her mother. “Why can’t you put a spell on him? He loves me, not her. I carry his child, not her.”
Her mother’s heart pained for her child. Even if she was centuries old, she looked to be but only sixteen. She was her child nonetheless and always would be.
“I cannot. Not even for you, darling daughter of mine. For you are not meant for the likes of him. He will only bring hurt. He is a Talbot and his betrothed’s family is even wealthier. His family needs the money to save their estate.”
Rose cried. She didn’t care. “But what of me? Your own daughter. Blood of your blood, bone from your bone. Can’t you stop that?”
Her mother looked down at her sewing, and saw she had pricked her finger and a drop of blood spilled onto the dress she made. “No, because I made the spell to bring the marriage to come to pass. The girl’s mother asked me to. You see, the girl is also with child.”
Rose jumped up and cried out. “No, she can’t be. He loves me, and loves my child, our child. He said so today, said he would find a way.”
Her mother shook her head. “My powers are too strong, there will be no finding a way. We will move. You will have the child and our family will raise the babe.”
“No!” cried Rose.
They didn’t see or hear the father and brother come down the stairs. “What is all this noise?” her father asked, his voice the sound of thunder.
Rose dried her eyes. She wouldn’t tell the men of the family. “Nothing Papa.” She ran past him, but she bumped into her brother. Glancing up, and with the help of the firelight, she saw her brother’s black eyes light up with knowing. She ran up the stairs.
She thought her bedroom door was latched but it flew open. In strode her brother, his presence filling the room. “He must be made to make things right.”
Rose grabbed her brother’s nightshirt. “Hush you fool, you will bring father up here. She then latched the door and turning, went to add more wood to the fire in her fireplace. “Father need not know. He will soon leave for another campaign and I will carry the baby. Mother can’t undo her own spell and I am not strong enough to cast another against hers.”
Her brother glanced up. “I am.”
Rose stared at her brother like he was another creature. “You? How? You don’t practice.”
“I do, and can put a spell on that simpering witch, he is betrothed to.”
Rose looked up into her dark brother’s beautiful face. “You are sure? I can not even work magic if it’s against mother’s spells.”
Her brother pulled his sister close. “Anything for you.”

* * * * *

The wedding was announced for the Lord and his young lady. It happened quicker than the brother expected. The girl became the Lady and her belly grew. The brother bid his time. While his sister stayed indoors and refused to see the Lord, her belly grew also. The father left, none the wiser because of a cloaking spell the mother and brother cast on Rose.
One dark day, her brother, William, sat on his horse and cast the spell as he sat overlooking the manor of Lord Talbot.
Two months later the young wife fell as she came down the grand staircase. She died a week later. The Lord went into mourning and while he mourned he remembered the beauty he had loved.                                         His mother said, “No, she is not of your class, I forbid it!”
The Lord didn’t see the hate that was growing within his mother. It grew like the ivy that climbed the manor walls. Fast grew the gossip and lies till they reached such a fevered pitch even if Old Lady Talbot wanted to stop it, she couldn’t. Because, once the young wife had died, the money dried up. Just like the roses in her garden on a winter’s day. So Old Lady Talbot continued to feed the stories and rumors while her son was in London, morning his loss.
William was away, as was their father. The son had gone to London. He had told his mother and beautiful sister he would return in time for the birth. He was securing a home for them in London town.
It was a stormy spring day. The rain had stopped but not the tongues. Lady Talbot had stirred up the righteous against Rose and her mother.
“They are witches I tell you. Witches! The mother has placed a spell on my son and his departed wife. She put the evil eye on me.”
Molly, her mother Sadie and Grandmother Bess came rushing in. “Sister we must leave! The town’s people come to rid this area of us.” Their words stopped on their lips. There stood beautiful Rose and it was evident she was in labor.
“I can’t leave, the babe’s arrival is fast approaching.”
The Aunt placed a hand on Rose’s belly. “We can stop the contractions. We must fly from here.”
Rose clutched at her belly and screamed.
The mother came to her daughter and helped her to the couch by the fire. “You see, I cannot cast a spell. The babe comes and we can’t fly, save yourselves. Go find Will, maybe he can stop this. But I cannot stop the babe.”
All the women looked up at the sounds that were coming from the crowd that was fast approaching the house up the path. “We will leave to go find Will.” The women left the house out the back door and grabbed their brooms. They took ointment out of their sacks that would help them to fly. They smeared it on their chest and taking up their brooms flew into the night.
“Did you see that?” Lady Talbot said as they walked up the path that led to the witches door.
“They fly into the night.” Another said.
Someone screamed from the crowd. “Look they fly away!”
“Impossible, it was only three. It was the sister of this witch and the two others. They flee and don’t even try and save their own,” said another.

* * * * *

Rose could feel the baby coming. The pain was intense. She looked up at her mother, felt her cool hand on her fevered brow as she braced herself for the next round of contractions. “Save yourself Mama.”
The witch looked down upon her beautiful daughter and knew this would be the time of birth and death. Death would meet them very soon but not before she took a few of those wicked people and gave them some of their own treatment. “Don’t worry, my Rose. We will be fine. The babe is about to be born and with that we will flee, have no fear.” She saw the feeble smile of her daughter. She was weak and the birth would bring her death.
She went to the fire and ladled a bit of broth. Walking back to her girl, she bent and fed some to her. “Here drink this, to give you strength, to bring that baby into the world.” Out into the unforgiving world. The world that had no room for such as us. Who hate because we are different and powerful. The town’s folk fear our power.
Rose strained against the pain. She felt the babe come. “Mama!” She gasped as she felt the baby come forth. She knew her mother held the baby. “Mama, please let me hold her.”
Her mother saw the baby, saw her little rose bud mouth open and close. She had been born and breathed right away. She had black hair, like a raven. “Here Rose, meet your daughter, you somehow knew it was a daughter.”
Rose smiled a weak smile. “ You know I have the second sight Mama.”
Rose stared in wonder at the beautiful gift that lay in her arms now. By the light of the fireplace she saw the baby’s perfection. “My little Rosebud.”
Her mother took the amulet and the other things needed to keep the babe safe. She took the baby. “I will wrap her up and you can hold her again.”
Rose took a labored breath. “Yes, Mama.” She closed her eyes. Then she jumped at the sound of the pounding on the door. She turned wild eyes at her mother who bent over the babe.
She was intent on making sure the babe would survive the trip, till Will found the wee one. She hastily scribbled a note, put it in an oilskin sack and put it next to the baby’s skin. Then wrapping Rosebud up tight, she called her largest wolfhound down. All the animals came. 
She strapped the baby to the back of the hound. She spoke in low tones as he sat so noble. He was her familiar and he would serve her beyond her death. She did not fear death. It would bring her past the place where spirits lie, she would wait for her beloved who would come to her. “I will clear the way for you. Go, find Will and help him raise Rosebud. Keep her safe.”
The wolfhound looked down. He knew it would be the last time he would see his witch. Looking up, “I will my lady.” He looked around and all the animals who had found shelter here knew they must flee now, if they were to live. The shouting was getting louder. “We must leave.”
Rose’s mother stood in the center of her great room and started to chant. She spoke first in low tones and then as her voice grew louder, the voices outside silenced.
“What happens inside there?” someone asked. Every one in the crowd grew quiet as the voice that seemed to surround them, grew louder. Until they all closed their eyes and tried covering their ears. As a mighty wind went rushing by, they all fell to the ground and screamed. “She hexes us, we will all die for sure.”
The witch watched as Nero, her hound, ran out the front door and at his heels his army of cats and dogs flew along side him, giving him protection as they ran amongst the townspeople.
“We are being attacked!” the people screamed as the animals ran past. Some were attacked as the cats ran over the prostrate forms of some, especially Lady Talbot. She screamed the loudest. Jumping up she saw the door open and the witch standing in the doorframe. “Get her!” she screamed.
Rose lay listening to the screams of those outside. “Mama, my babe?”
The witch turned and walked back into the house, slamming the door behind her. She knew her time was up. Grabbing the sleeping potion she poured a goodly portion to give to her daughter. It would put her into an eternal sleep. She would feel nothing of what would happen to her body. She knew what was in store for them. She could take it, but her beautiful, sweet Rose was too weak.
“Here darling, drink this and when you awake everything will be fine.”
Rose took a sip of the tincture and knew it would help. She tasted the lobelia and other herbs. She knew this would help her to sleep. “Thank you Mama.” She reached up and touched her mother’s face. Her mother who was so brave and strong. She knew she would take care of those angry people outside. Papa and her brother would return and they all will be a family again, along with Rosebud. She knew everything would be fine and she would heal and see her darling daughter grow, with or without him. 
Things became fuzzy. She saw her mother, saw flames outside, heard funny sounds...was that breaking glass? Blinking her eyes she saw her mother watching over her, heard the loud voices but they seemed so far away. She felt so sleepy. She would sleep and all would be better.
The witch looked down into her daughter’s peaceful face. She was gone now. No need to fear for her. She raised her arms and fireballs went flying around the room.
People outside jumped back and screamed, “She will cast a spell on us all! We will all die before sunup.” More screamed and some started to run away from the house.
The witch saw that the flames grew inside her home. She would go out of this world her way. She wouldn’t allow them the chance to hang or burn her and her daughter. She threw out her hands in the direction of the crowd. Her door flew open and she could see Lady Talbot...she had a special plan for her. She would die a slow lingering death. She cast a spell, a web dropped from the heavens and settled nicely over the grand Lady. She would be dead within a year but it would be slow. The rest of her family would watch and wouldn’t be able to do a thing... and the rest of the family, Will would take care of them, nicely.
“Come out witch, come meet your maker!” Lady Talbot screamed.
They jumped at the sound of shrill laughter that erupted from the flames. “Never! Come in and get me and my daughter and the new baby that belongs to Lady Talbot’s son. She knows that and wants the beautiful baby gone. She is the one who is wrong here, the murderess.”
Those who were left turned to Lady Talbot, who looked around wildly “She says lies. He never lay with that simple daughter of a soldier and witch.”
A wicked laugh came from the house as a fireball came shooting out. They could see the witch inside holding the form of the daughter. Her daughter’s hair, hung down to the floor. Flames surrounding them but did not touch them. They watched, spell bound, as the witch lay her daughter down and then covered her daughter’s body with hers. Then raising her hands one more time, the fire engulfed them and a scream the likes no one had ever heard or hoped to ever hear again came from within the house. The house was then completely consumed by flames.
Everyone turned towards Lady Talbot. “You brought this on us!” they all screamed as they fled the scene.
Lady Talbot stood with open mouth and watched as the flames claimed the home of the witch. 
Her son was in London, her husband dead, her younger son away at school, She would be alone. She shuddered. What had she done? She heard a scream from down the path and jumped. How was she to get from where she stood to the carriage that stood waiting for her? She would be lucky if the men stood waiting. She ran. She got to her carriage and saw one lone man on top. “Get away from here.”
The old man nodded. He did as he was told. The younger ones didn’t know how to do that. He would whip the lad who had come with him, if he turned up back at the manor. “Yes, Ma’am.”
The carriage took off with a lurch. The old man saw Lady Bronson running, she whose daughter had married Talbot’s son. Unless Lady Talbot gave him leave to stop, he would keep going.
Lady Bronson reached for the carriage as it slowed at the turn. “Please stop!” she screamed. “The hounds are so close.”
Lady Talbot sat, ram rod straight, ignoring the sounds of the screams coming from Lady Bronson outside the carriage.
 Lady Bronson tripped over a root, her face landing in a puddle. She tried to get up but an animal slammed into her, she screamed. The last thing Lady Bronson knew before death overtook her was the snapping sounds of the teeth that tore at her flesh.

* * * * *

Will and his horse Lucifer flew over the countryside. He saw the flames and smelled the smoke from miles away. He knew what it meant. He felt the wind pick up, heard a rushing sound. Then he saw some of his family  land just ahead of him. He saw it was his aunt and cousins.
He reigned in Lucifer and jumped off the big warhorse.
Molly saw her cousin and knew what she had to tell him would be hard.
“Where are my mother and sister?” Will asked. His heart in his throat, making him feel like he would choke.
Molly, being his favorite cousin walked up to him, taking his arm and bracing herself as much as he would need bracing. “Brace yourself cousin for bad tidings. She sent us away. Your sister was too close to her time, I fear.”
An explosion was heard and fireballs shot up into the sky towards the heavens. Two especially bright ones flew further. The women and Will stood, silent to what had just happened. “They are gone,” Molly’s mother, Sadie said. “Out of harm’s way and gone to the other side. No one will be hurting them now.”
Will felt tears sting his eyes. Many a battle he had been part of, many a death he had witnessed, but never his own flesh and blood. His mother, a princess who had lived for thousand’s of years...to go like this. “But what of the babe?”
As if on cue a hound came running up and stopped in front of Will and the women. Will bent and saw the parcel strapped to the hound. On the heels of that hound were cats. Then a pack of hounds came running up and skidded to a stop. Their eyes radiated blood red.
Will patted the head of his mother’s familiar as he unstrapped the bundle and spoke. “Nero, tell me what happened.”
“She sent us out before the crowd got too close, not that it would have stopped us,” Nero answered.
Will unwrapped the bundle. The women all stood on tiptoes to see. All sucked in their breath at what they saw. In the bundle was a tiny baby and she was sound asleep. Around her neck was the amulet of amber. Her little mouth was pursed up and looked like a little flower bud. Will found the note under the swaddling and opened it up. “Give some light, Aunt.”
His aunt flicked her hands and a flame came from her fingertips. All stood still while Will held the baby close and read the letter.
Don’t mourn for us. We go to a better place, a place where no one can harm us. I will wait for my beloved. Your sister never felt anything. I gave her a potion to put her to sleep. As you see we have a new member of our family, it will be up to you, Will and the rest of you to raise her in the ways of the old ones. Her mother named her Rosebud. She will be the seer of the Amber Stone.
You can do as you please with the Talbot family, but Lady Talbot I have taken care of. She will live but her life will be one of misery. She will wish she never raised her hand against us. The townspeople who came, I am sure, were dispatched by the Hounds of Hell, they are good beasts. Take good care of them.
I leave you with much love, son. Take good care of the wee one. She will, despite her mixed blood, be as strong as me someday, maybe even stronger than you. Raise her in the love and light. 
Blessings,
Mother
Will sighed as he read the missive again. He felt his cousin Molly’s arms around his waist. Molly’s mother, Sadie, reached and touched the baby’s face. “We will find a wet nurse amongst our kind.”
Bess who had just lost her sister, reached and touched her Grand Niece. “She has power already…”
Will nodded and then pulled the baby close. “We go to London, where I have found a home. That was where I was at.” He breathed in a ragged breath. “I wanted to get mother and Rose away from this area.” He looked down at his tiny niece. She squirmed and then puckered up her lips. 
Molly’s mother hugged Will. “We will return someday. It will be a place of healing”
Will nodded his head. “Yes, but for now we go to London Town. We will blend in so Rosebud is not at risk.” He thought about what he was going to do to young Lord Talbot once he got his family settled in the town house. He would find that weasel and kill him slowly. Then each generation would meet the same type of death.
Slow.
Early 1920s, London, Belgrave Square

Rose looked up into her Uncle’s face. She sat in bed, all ruffles and lace. A maid had just left to get her a pot of tea. Her Aunts and cousins all had left the room when William Pendragon had arrived from the continent.
“So, Uncle Will, what do you think of her? Isn’t she beautiful?”
Will looked down at the wee baby at his niece’s breast. It was funny, his niece was hundreds of years old but didn’t look a day over twenty. Now, finally she had had a baby, but out of wedlock. Was that to be the way the women of his family conducted themselves?
He reached down and touched the sleeping baby’s face. “She is truly beautiful. She has that little mark, just like your beloved mother, on her chin. It looks like a flame, but no one would ever know, it would look more like a strangely shaped strawberry to mortals.”
Rose smiled. “Did grandmother ever know from that mark, that would be the way mother and her would go out of this world, by fire?”
Will shook her head. “She was powerful but didn’t have the gift of second sight like your mother.” He studied his niece, his ward of all these years. They had settled in London, had blended with all the other aristocrats. Will had made sure of that. They had rode out all the turbulence of the years unscathed. His fortunes rose and with that property being bought. He bought the two homes side by side on Belgrave Square soon after it was built. One was for him and Rose, the other for the women of his family. He had bought up a great deal of land in Cornwall and Glastonbury. Now with the new babe, he would be giving this baby a gift of land.
“What of the father, Rose?”
Rose kissed the baby’s forehead and smiled. “What of the baby’s father? I don’t give a fig about convention and you never have either.
“What name will you give her? Her father’s?”
Rose shook her head. “No, she will be Dylan Pendragon. She should carry on the family’s ancient name.”
William sat down. He felt old all of a sudden. He let his finger touch the babe’s silky hair. Why had he never settled? He knew why, because he had spent his life on revenge all these years. 
The sun went behind a cloud and cast a shadow over the baby. He heard Rose start to chant. Looking over at  her he saw her eyes closed as she recited an ancient protection spell. Listening to the words he knew he would never settle. His job would be protecting the women of his family. Forever.
Reaching for the babe after Rose was done. He took the baby up in his arms. Like all the females of his family she already had those bewitching eyes. Holding her up, he said his own blessing. He spoke in the Gaelic more times than not and this would be her mother tongue. “Efallai y byddwch yn yr un foretold i ddod â’r holl greaduriaid at ei gilydd.”
Rose watched her uncle bless her baby. She watched as stardust fell from the ceiling and then a whirlwind came and with it, a dragon.
It circled and flapped it wings, blew out smoke and fire, then landed on the chair next to Rose and the baby.
William and Rose watched the beast. Though no larger than a small lap dog or crow, it sounded like a lion with it’s purr.
“Lord, why did you call me out of my sleep?”
William smiled. “Because you have a job to do, one that will last for a millennium or more.”
The dragon nodded its head. “I have been waiting, where is my charge?”
William put the baby closer to the dragon.
The dragon looked down on the baby from his perch. “Ah, the newest Pendragon. I have waited for such a time as this. She will be mine until such time her protector comes.”
William shook his head. “Even then you will never leave her. Only with you, will she have the power she needs. We still must watch for the darkness and never allow it to overtake.”
The dragon nodded his head. He sat looking at the babe. Then with quick movement flew to William’s arm. Getting a closer look he let his wing touch the babe. The baby sighed in her sleep and it looked like she was smiling.
The dragon looked up to William and then at Rose. “It is good you called me. She is mine and I am hers, she is the one foretold who will bring all creatures together.”
Chapter 1
Cornwall, England

Dylan ran as fast as her legs would carry her. She ran for the sake of running. She ran to catch the clouds that drifted on the breeze. She ran because her dragon was going to catch her and bring her back for lessons if he caught her, and he could catch her. She wanted just a few moments of peace and quiet. All the women of the house were driving her crazy. They all thought she should use her magic but she had other ideas.
She ran till she came to the cliff and then, without further thought, climbed down over the side and into the giant eagles nest. She moved the baby eaglets aside, fished out scraps of meat she had brought from the house. Gave them to the babies and then sat back. She heard a commotion and knew the parents were coming back and probably her dragon. “Drat!”
She heard wings beat the air. “There is no need for you to come after me, I will come home when I darn well please.”
Her firedrake flew in a circle in front of the cliff. The parents of the eaglets were not happy with his presence but he had assured them he meant their young no harm, it was his young who was in the nest at the moment and he needed to extract her.
“Tân, are you still there?”
Fire, or as Dylan called him in Welsh, Tân, hovered near the entrance of the nest. “Please come home. It’s your heritage and birthright to learn. How do you expect to get along in this world if you don’t learn more of the ways of old?”
Dylan pulled a biscuit out of her apron’s other pocket. She was hungry, but when was she not. “Mama said, she ran wild till the magic overtook her, the same will happen to me. I can already control certain elements, why do I need classes?”
Tân flew in and sat down on the nest. He ignored the parents of the eaglets. “You are destined to be a great witch, you must learn to control your powers.”
This was the first Dylan had heard this. “I didn’t know.”
Her firedrake nodded his head. “That is why I was called when you were born. You will be great someday, but with that comes a certain risk. The Dark One is not happy that your power gets greater with each day, some day he will call you out or cause trouble.”
Dylan pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around them. “Tell me, what do you mean? The women never tell me anything, like I am a china doll and must be kept on a pedestal. Uncle comes infrequently. He is on his revenge quest to rid the world of Talbots. What kind of trouble?”
“Come home and I will give you a history lesson. You come from an ancient line of magic, one as old as this earth. Sometimes it’s been hard on us, on your family. Your Grandmother and Great Grandmother were killed because of the Dark One. He used mortals to do his dirty work. I am afraid he will rise up again. You must be strong enough to withstand, stronger than the other members of your family. You must defeat him with the light that is buried inside you. It comes out once in a wee while.”
Tân could see he had her attention. “Come home and I will give you a history lesson.”
Dylan could see the parents of the now sleeping eaglets swooping and crying. She watched as Tân spoke to them to smooth their ruffled feathers.
Dylan stood. “OK, if we must but you must give me a ride home.”
Her firedrake bowed in front of her. “Your wish is my command, even if you are getting almost too big for me as a dragon to carry.”
As they neared home, the large cottage on the knoll of the hill that overlooked the ocean her firedrake let her down. Dylan looked at her dragon and then smiled. Resting her head on his she patted his nose. “I don’t know how you live with me?”
Tân closed his eyes. He loved his charge more than life itself. “I wouldn’t want to live life without you. You are mine and I am yours.”
He felt her pat his neck, he let a rumble go. The ground shook.

* * * * *

Molly wiped her hands and ran to the window. “I do hope that dragon found her.”
Rose put a towel over the bread dough and set it to rise. She much preferred living here than living in London. “Don’t worry Cousin, Tân will find her. That’s probably what the rumble was. It’s a dragon’s happy rumble.”
They both jumped to the door flying open and Dylan running in with her dragon flying in behind her.
“I’m back!”
“About time,” Molly said.
Bess, the sister of Dylan’s Great Grandmother, came out from one of the back rooms. “We need help figuring a spell for our guest and you need to learn so we will kill two birds with one stone, as they say.”
Dylan put some broth in a bowl and placed it down for Tân to drink. “Is Bella coming around?”
Molly nodded her head. “Yes, and thanks be to the Goddess.”
Tân looked up from his bowl of broth. “I have never seen a house like this, witches and vampires co-existing like you do, so well.”
Bess grabbed a bottle of tincture. Looking at the label she smiled, “We have a common bond, we all want to see Bella heal.”
The back bedroom door swung open. The doorframe was filled with a giant.
“She asks for you, Molly.”
Molly grabbed the bottle of tincture her grandmother held for her. “I will be right there, Cormac.”
Tân shook his head. “Like I said, this, is a different house for sure.” He saw the look he got from Molly and Dylan. “Well, a dragon is entitled to his opinions. Now, Dylan get ready for your history lesson.”
Dylan took the rabbit meat that hung over the sink. “Come Tân, we will go have our lesson outside, and you can eat too.”
Chapter 2
Present Day Maine

“So you see Justice, she is not a normal witch. She ages slowly, is immortal because of the mark on her. She looks to be in her early twenties but in reality, she is ninety years old.”
Justice looked through the notes. Looking up he saw Molly studying him. “The goddess showed me her on the moon when she was crying. Whatever was bothering her it appeared to be tragic.”
Molly nodded her head. “I called her, I had all I could do to get it out of her, but apparently since her mother and Uncle’s disappearance she has received notes from a certain fellow.”
Justice felt a cold chill. He had yet to meet Dylan but he had the feeling he wouldn’t want any male near her. “When can I leave?”
Molly smiled. “That is not for me to decide but the Goddess.”
Chapter 3

Justice got off the train in Castle Cary. His Rover was there, waiting for him. He knew he would be arriving at Glastonbury when there were still a lot of tourists. He would be lucky if Dylan gave him the time of day, since it was still a busy season.
Molly had assured him she would contact Dylan, but from all accounts she was a very independent woman and a witch to boot. How was he supposed to protect her, if she didn’t even want him around? That would be the trick.
He thought about all he knew of her. One minute he had been a warrior, then with the vision of the moon he saw her, and knew their destinies were entwined and forever linked. The more he had learned of her family’s past, the more it confirmed that knowledge. He had always been just outside the fringes of her world. It had been her family who had nursed the Princess Bella back to health. Dylan had been alive but just a young witchling at that time. From what Molly had told him, she had tried the patience of all of them. Then there was her dragon. He had no experience with dragons so he didn’t know what to expect.
Justice opened the window and caught the breeze. It was one of those autumn days when everything seemed brighter and just about right.
Justice pulled over and checked his map and then reread the note from Molly. She had sent him a letter just before he had left.
Justice,
I know you are sure of this but remember she knows nothing of the world, that is, of men or of your kind. She is beautiful, but as witches go very naïve and innocent. She will need handling with kid gloves as they say. Also her dragon will be a force to reckon with.
May the Goddess go before you to clear a path
Justice could almost hear Grandmother Bess laugh. When she had heard of his vision and how he knew, even before them, that Dylan was in need of help, she had said, ‘You will need all the strength you have and then some, especially when it comes to Tân, her dragon.’
Justice sat back and sighed. Closing his eyes he breathed in deep, letting Dylan’s scent fill his brain. Better than any GPS, Molly had given him one of Dylan’s scarves so he would know her. Molly knew, he being the beast he was, he would bond with her at least this way, at first. He inhaled deeply again. He caught visions of her. They were faint because the scent was faint but he didn’t need much to go on. Molly also gave him a letter she had found in Dylan’s belongings. It was from this human who he had been told by Molly was a human form of the Dark One.
“He wants our power. He hasn’t been content. If he can’t have our power he wreaks havoc, stirring up trouble. He took the form of one of the lead accusers in the Salem witch trials. He would threaten and if he couldn’t touch us or take us he would take others of our kind. The only time he got to us was with Rose’s mother and grandmother. We barely had time to flee. I don’t know what he would do with Dylan. She isn’t strong enough yet.”
Justice put the scarf down and looked out the Rover’s window.
There in the distance stood Glastonbury Tor, all around him beautiful fertile green, rolling pastures. A scene of calm but he felt the undercurrent. Glastonbury was alive in more ways than one. He felt the pull and knew it had something to do with the Goddess. He kept his window down as he drove and felt the breeze swirl around him. 
As he got closer to the town, he felt the pull of power. This town, this area had a magnetic pull. He saw tourists walking, talking. Some consulting guide books. As he stopped for some to cross in front of him a man looked up from his guidebook. He almost looked out of place. One second Justice saw him in ancient garb, then in colonial garb, then back to the way he had seen him in the first instant. This all happened so fast. As the man turned, his eyes seemed to know who Justice was. The man’s eyes were black and empty. His skin a pasty-like color. Justice felt a growl build in his body as the man walked past and turned the corner.
Oh Goddess is that the Dark One?
A light toot came from a car behind him. Justice swore softly and then looking in his rear view mirror continued on. He made the turn onto Benedict Street, saw the terraced house Molly had shown him a photo of on the computer. Dylan owned two homes side by side. One was her home, the other her Tea Shop and B&B. He pulled in to the spot in front and turned the vehicle off. He put the papers he had into his leather brief case, then grabbing that, he got out. Going to the back he grabbed his suitcase. 
God he hoped she had a big enough bed for him. He had a realtor looking nearby for a home for him. He had just bought a place at Belgrave Square in London, so he could be near her there, if she went to London. At this moment he had workmen and some of his men installing a state of the art security system. So should she decide to go to London, he could go and be right next door to her family’s home.
Grabbing his bag he turned and looked up at the sign: The Dragon’s Lair, Tea Shop and B&B.
Taking a deep breath he walked up the path.
Dylan looked at the clock. Tea customers would be coming soon. She had all the scones ready, tea, sandwich fixings in their containers. All the silver polished. She heard a whistle and turned. Her cousin Emma had said she would like to stay home here, instead of going to the states for the winter.
“What are you whistling about Emma?”
“Look, Cuz.”
Dylan looked down the hallway that led to the front door of her B&B and there standing in the doorframe was a man whose size surprised her that he even got inside. He seemed to stoop slightly. Her nose started to tickle. She looked at Emma. He’s a...
Emma smirked, knowing he would be there eventually. “Exactly. Didn’t Molly tell you he was a vampire?”
Dylan sighed and breathed deep. “No, she left that bit of information out. She just said she knew someone who was coming to Glastonbury on a pilgrimage. Well, I don’t understand why he would come here. I haven’t known a vampire who had wanted to come to this neck of the woods.”
Emma smiled, wrapped her arm around her cousin’s shoulder. “Maybe he is searching.”
Dylan had a thought. Turning to Emma. “Can we trust him? I mean him being who he is?”
Emma started walking to greet the newcomer. Yelling back. “Of course.”
Emma looked up into Justice’s face. “Welcome to The Dragon’s Lair, I’m Emma, and your hostess Dylan is...” she winked. “Molly told me you were coming. I haven’t let Dylan know you know.”
Justice smiled a small smile. “Thank you.”
Dylan walked up to her guest, “Welcome to my humble B&B. I hope you will be comfortable.”
Justice took Dylan’s hand. Felt her power course through her hand to her fingertips. He felt sparks touching his hand. He wondered if she knew of her own power. Her family seemed to think she didn’t know.
“Thank you! I had hoped for a quiet get away. I have never been here, to Glastonbury that is, and thought it might do.”
Dylan felt the coolness of his hand. She saw his skin wasn’t any lighter really than hers. If anything he looked like he belonged somewhere down in Italy. He had an olive complexion, with a Roman nose.
“If you will just sign the guest ledger and if I can swipe your credit card, we will get you all settled.”
Justice signed the ledger while Emma swiped his card.
“Here is your card, Mr. di Bagnoregio.”
Noise could be heard from the back of the B&B as a door opened and closed with a crash. “Blimey you rotten dragon and dog!”
A crash, a screech, and a high pitched bark could be heard, as it came closer to the front desk area.
Justice was putting his credit card away when he heard Dylan swear, then slam the gate that closed off her desk area from the front. All of a sudden a small tan dog came running and yapping up to the desk. It’s intent, he could see, was to be with Dylan. Thank God he had been forewarned of the dragon. It came running, if you could call it that, then came to a screeching stop. It jumped and landed on Dylan’s shoulder.
He watched as she calmly turned and speaking in low tones admonished it in some Gaelic language. The dragon looked his way, purred but tossed his head. Turning he jumped to his perch, settling in, but glaring at Justice.
Justice remembered what Molly and Bess told him about Dylan’s constant companion, Tân. “She named him and he has been with her since she was born. You will have to get him to trust you if you are to protect her. Nothing happens without him.”
A young woman, her hair dyed a bright red came running in. “I’m so sorry Dylan, they pushed me over and ran out,” she said in a breathless rush.
Dylan smiled as she finished her paperwork. “It’s OK Jane, just make sure at least Tân is kept in our part of the house.” She looked at her dragon and glared at him. Then handing the key to Justice. “If you will follow me I will show you to your rooms.”
As they walked up the stairs Justice saw a warm and inviting sitting room. On the other side of the hall was the tearoom.
“When is tea served?”
Dylan opened up Justice’s room with the spare key and then stepped aside as he walked in. “All the time for guests. There is a menu that you can order from and have it in your room or on your private balcony overlooking my garden. You may have tea down in the garden also, and breakfast is from 7 to 10 each morning.”
Justice looked at his room, saw it was built for dwarves. It would suffice. The important thing was to be close to Dylan, get to know her, get the dragon to trust him and protect her, then move on from there. Nothing too difficult he assumed.
Taking her hand that was offered, Justice felt heat course through to his hand and burn it. He jumped back and then looking into Dylan’s eyes knew she felt it too. Her eyes, like dark chocolate, seemed to burst into flame for a moment. Then they returned back to normal.
Dylan felt the burst of heat. Knew her power was becoming more unpredictable. She had been trying to hide it but it no longer wanted to hide. It wanted to burn up a vampire. Damn.
She cleared her throat while looking up into Justice di Bagnoregio’s face, she saw a smirk.
“What’s so funny? You come here, my dragon about attacks you, if not him, Max the Chihuahua would have. That’s not to mention my cats or my wolfhound Nero, who is probably sleeping. Lazy dog.” Seeing him smile. “You haven’t come to a normal or your usual B&B.”
Justice placed his briefcase down. “Oh, I was aware of that. I happened to mention while at Cormac O’ Heachthanna’s home during Princess Bella’s wedding that I wanted to go on vacation. I haven’t taken one in what seems a century.”
Dylan took a deep breath. “Well, has it been?”
Justice let his head go back as he laughed. Something he hadn’t done much of in the last century either. It seemed he had been constantly going to battle.
“Yes, I am afraid it has been. You have found me out. Being a vampire I am no more normal than you are, and I know you are a witch.”
Dylan re-arranged the flowers that were in the vase. Looking up into her guest’s face she said, “I’m not a witch. I come from a very old family of witches, but my powers, well I don’t have any, as of yet. I have gifts but I am nothing like the rest of my family.
“Then you are a witchling,” Justice said, leveling his gaze upon her.
Dylan smiled as she walked out of Justice’s rooms. “If you insist, but maybe I am better off without my powers, since they seem to be taking their time showing themselves. That way I won’t attract undue attention.”
Stepping back into the hall she smiled. “If you need anything, let one of us know.”
She closed his door.
Justice sat down on the bed. Nice and firm, just the way he needed. Looking around he saw a bright cheerful room. Made for dwarves. He smiled. OK, so he was destined to a witch with no powers, who seemed to be stalked by someone of the dark. 
The Goddess had control over all. 
He was a creature of the darkness, of the night, created almost at the beginning of time. He was part of the fallen angels. They had descended to this earth, spreading out, populating the earth. He had ultimately settled in Italy. Italy had suited him. He and his brother angels had taken the area of Tuscany and had made it their home. His brothers were no longer alive, because of punishment for crimes against humanity. 
His punishment, due to association, had been to become one of the creatures of the night, part of Cormac’s clan. Thousands of years later, here he was, he smiled. Destined to save a young witch or witchling and make her his, if she would allow.
Standing up he walked to the French doors and opening them, walked out onto his balcony. Looking down he saw the garden, a riot of colors and scents met his eyes and nose. His ears were met by something else. Looking down, there was the yappy dog and behind him was the big wolfhound. Had she called it Nero? 
Once, many hundreds of years ago, he had met a William, her uncle and his father Brutus, and with them had been a wolfhound, named Nero. The father had been a demi-god. He was going to have to sniff this out. He stood for another minute and saw the hound sniffing the air. It’s head snapped up towards him. It gave him a look and then gave a big woof and wagged his tail in recognition.
“Do you recognize me boy? It’s been hundreds of years. I will be down shortly.”
“It’s good to see you bloodfeeder. You know about the dragon?”
“Yes,” said Justice.
To anyone other than creatures it would have looked like the big dog was barking happily when in fact he was talking with Justice, and didn’t need to say a word but just let his thoughts flow to the great, grey dog.
Chapter 4

Justice walked out on the stone patio and sniffed the air. A blend of wild rose and fallen leaves met his nostrils. Another thing was about to meet him. He heard the screech and the barking and braced himself as he turned. There running up to him, was the little yappy dog, the Chihuahua as Dylan had said, the dragon and Nero. Nero looked happy. He wished he could say the same for the other two. He let out a growl. All three came to a skidding stop in front of him. The wolfhound jumped up placing his front paws on his shoulders, with no difficulty. The dragon and the little yappy dog stood glaring up at him.
“I come in peace and to help protect Dylan. See your friend, Nero, recognizes me from a couple hundred years ago.”
The dragon, Tân, glared at him with his brilliant emerald eyes. “He, the familiar, may think you are helpful but I don’t need your help.”
The Chihuahua looked up and growled. 
Tân looked down at his little sidekick. “Not to worry my friend, he won’t be a bother and won’t be here long enough to worry about.” He looked back up at Justice. “Will you?”
“That all depends on Dylan, now doesn’t it?” Justice smiled, but he growled, showing his fangs. Then he got a face washing from Nero.
“You see, Nero likes me. He knows me from a very long time ago when I was with Dylan’s Uncle William and her great grand father.”
 Nero jumped down and stood facing the dragon. “I met him many years ago with William and his father, Brutus, as he said. He had returned from war with William and Brutus He is a good chap, even if he is a bloodfeeder.” He looked back up at Justice.
Justice thought he saw Nero wink, anything was possible with a witch’s familiar.
Nero looked back at Tân. “As I was saying, he’s a good chap.”
Tân gave Justice a good looking over. “All I can say is you better watch yourself vampire, if you bring any harm to my Dylan, vampire or not, you will wish you were never created.”
With that, the dragon flew off to sit in the great oak tree that dominated the back of the garden.
Justice stood there watching the dragon fly to his perch. He felt Nero nuzzle his hand and then wonder of wonders the little dog stood up and perched his front paws just below his knee. Justice looked down, patted Nero, then went to pat the little dog but was met by his nose snarling up. He was taken aback because he could pop the little rat eater in his mouth and have him for tea, if he allowed his base instincts to take over.
He felt Nero’s muzzle again and saw the great beast smile.
“Don’t worry about Max, he is just small and fights for every bit he can, it’s his Napoleon complex coming out.”
Justice watched the two dogs run off to the shade of the oak, where Max jumped on top of Nero, the two rolled around. He was jarred out of his musings by a cat wrapping itself around his ankles. Looking down he saw a black cat with gold eyes studying him.
“Well are you going to attack me?” Justice asked it.
The cat blinked its big eyes as it glanced up at him. “Not likely. I have better things to do than attack a vampire. As long as you are here to protect Dylan that’s all I care about.”
Justice stooped to pat the cat. “What’s your name?”
The cat sat like a king and purred then  stretched. “Midnight, I am one of the many familiars of this family.”
 Justice watched as it left as suddenly as it had appeared, to communicate with him. It walked back into the house, its tail twitching.
Justice went and sat down on one of the teak benches. He enjoyed the quiet. Looking across the garden he could see directly into the tearoom. Two women drinking tea, and then handing their cups to Dylan.

Dylan instructed the enquiring lady to take her teacup with the tiny bit of tea and rotate it in her left hand. Then she said, “Invert the tea cup onto the napkin that I placed on your saucer to absorb the mess.” After letting the teacup drain for a couple of minutes, Dylan took the lady’s teacup in her left hand. And dabbed the little bit of liquid that was still at the rim. Looking up at the woman she saw her aura and then looking at the leaves, knew why they were placed in the cup the way they were.
The two women sat still for a moment. “Will you not read the leaves?” The owner of the teacup asked.
Dylan smiled. “Patience, these things take time and if rushed it will show. I must study them.”
Dylan felt a new presence. Looking up she saw Justice come in and take a seat. She saw Jane come in quickly and take his order.
Dylan studied the inside turning it in the direction from the handle which represented herself. Starting at the handle and looked to the bottom. She turned the cup, heard the woman’s sigh and knew she was impatient, this would not be an easy or clear reading.
Glancing up she looked at the woman. She knew from the little she had gathered from hearing her, she was a nervous wreck. Had come with her sister who was a believer. “Patience, these things are not to be rushed. Do you believe?”
The woman tittered in her seat. “Not like my sister. I...”
Dylan put her hand up to silence her. “Don’t say anything that would make this reading not pure. The good thing is I have no way of knowing anything about you, aside from the fact that you two are sisters. You are not a guest of mine other than having tea here.”
Justice took a sip of his tea and watched Dylan. He saw her look into the teacup and back at the woman. Justice picked up something odd, he should have been a doctor. The woman was sick, not life threatening, but sick none the less.
Dylan saw it. The woman had one trial ahead of her, not all that bad though.
“May I take your hand for a moment?” she asked the lady.
The lady moved back and forth on her seat, looked at her sister as if to get her permission. Finally extended her hand.
Dylan took her hand and held it for a moment, then closed her eyes and could see clearly. What her teacup was saying was very clear now. She dropped the woman’s hand.
“I have never seen quite a cup as this, it has a lot to tell us. I wanted to hold your hand to confirm one of the signs,” Dylan looked at the sister. Then looking at the woman who the teacup belonged to, she started. “See in the bottom there is an owl, it’s the furthest away so we can assume it’s not a thing to worry about now.” Looking deep into the woman’s eyes. “How are you feeling?”
The woman fidgeted. “Fine, I suppose, sometimes tired.”
Dylan looked the leaves over again. The owl was clear. “I’m not too worried for you because there are travel lines that are close to the bottom also so it means not in the near future you will travel a lot.”
“I want to be a flight attendant.”
Dylan smiled. “Good, just get a complete check-up. Have you ever had trouble with your sugar?”
The woman nodded.
Dylan looked in the cup, “Get it checked before it becomes more serious. Now you have a circle closer to the top, that signifies money or presents.”
The woman smiled for the first time since they sat down for the reading.
Dylan told the sister to do the same with her cup. The sister took her cup in her left hand and with a smoother twirl, did her teacup. Then she inverted it on the napkin. They waited.
Justice watched as Dylan read the other woman’s cup. Saw her smile and then her hand going to her mouth. Saw Dylan get up and then walk back to the back of the tearoom, to grab a book off one of the shelves. She leafed through the pages. She must have found what she wanted because she brought the book back to the table, left it open and placed it on the table for the two sisters to see.
Justice sat and finished his tea and scones. He watched as Jane came with a small package for the first woman. Then she came to him. “Dylan wants to know if you would like to go for a walk with her in about twenty minutes. She said she would give you a walking tour.”
Justice smiled. “That would be great but ask her if she would show me Glastonbury Tor instead. I have a great desire to see it.”
Jane nodded. “I will pass the message. She said to meet her in the office and she would be down in twenty.”
Justice smiled and nodded, “Thank you.”
Chapter 5

Justice stood waiting for Dylan, who had a backpack on her shoulder. He saw her dragon perched on her other shoulder. She walked up to him and then heard her dog Max come running up and yapping.
“So, are you all set for a walking tour? Emma will come along later with a picnic lunch for us. I have water packed.” She looked at Justice. “Though you probably don’t need water, do you?”
Justice smiled and took ahold of the backpack. “I drink water, but no I don’t need it”
He let Dylan go first and was about to walk out the door when he heard the little dog start to bark again. “He doesn’t like you to leave, does he?” Justice asked as he prepared to step out the door but not before Max struck. Justice felt teeth sink into his calf. “What the fuck!” He yelled as he whirled around and looked down.
Dylan whipped around and saw her Max with his teeth biting Justice. It was clear Max realized the mistake. The look he made as he looked up at his victim was priceless.
Rushing to get Max before he became dinner for a vampire, Dylan wasn’t quick enough.
Justice looked down and saw the little dog. He felt his teeth in his calf and the pain told him the dog had broken the skin. He grabbed the dog by the scruff of the neck and the dog immediately let go of his calf. Justice brought the dog up to eye level and studied the little beasty.
“So, am I tasty? You really ought to be more careful who you bite, I could make you a tasty snack, if it wasn’t for Dylan here.”
Max took one sideways glance at Dylan with eyes that were bulged out, though he couldn’t move his neck, then back at the vampire. “My bad. So sorry chap, please forgive me, it won’t happen again.”
Justice took a deep breath, saw the worried look on Dylan’s face, saw the bulged out eyes of the Chihuahua and knew his leg was probably closed and healed by now.
“No harm done, just don’t let it happen again. Believe it or not I am on your team.”
Justice placed the Chihuahua down, who ran into Dylan’s arms. Dylan talked to the dog then putting it down. It ran off very quickly to the safety of the corner.
Dylan turned her attention to her guest. “Let me see your leg.”
Justice dropped the backpack on the floor and pulled his jean leg up. As he thought, all healed.
“See? I am healed.”
Dylan touched the slight mark that showed where her dog had bitten Justice. “It appears to be just about healed, it’s amazing really.” She stood back up and looked into Justice’s golden eyes. She got a vision of a room full of gold. “I am truly sorry for that happening, it won’t happen again, that’s for certain.”
Justice shrugged. “No harm done, he was just protecting you.” He then noticed the dragon looked like he had a grin on his face, if that was possible.
“Like I said, no harm done. Now lets go for our walking tour of Tor.”

* * * * *

They walked with Nero and Max ahead of them. “We will put them on leads when we get closer.” Dylan said as she walked. She glanced over at her partner. “So tell me what really brought you to Glastonbury. I know it’s more than you wanting a rest that is long overdue, though I do pick up things from you and you seem to be tightly wound.”
She jumped at his laugh. Smiling ruefully, she asked, “So, am I right?”
Justice stopped and adjusted the pack, if only to give him a chance to see her closer while they weren’t moving. He heard her dragon circling above, hunting. “You have found me out. May I be so bold as to tell you the real reason?”
Dylan took a deep breath and started walking again. It was getting a bit steeper. She took off her sweater and tied it around her waist. “Is it a dark reason?”
Justice sidestepped to avoid stepping on Max who had come back barking at Dylan’s heels. She scooped him up and continued walking. “So tell me, what really brought you here?”
Justice remembered the vision of her in the moon, thought of the tears and how it had ripped at his heart. He had seen her needing protection. Then when she had looked up, probably at the very same moon, he had seen her eyes, and he had known from that moment he was doomed. She was meant to be his.
“Justice?”
Justice shook his head. “It’s true I haven’t had a vacation in over a century. It’s been that way most of my time here on earth, war, that is. It was one of the curses that was given to me, us when we fell, to always be at war.” He stopped talking as other tourists walked past them. Something small went flying across their path and Nero went loping down it, his great bark leaving a clear trail for Max, who shot out of Dylan’s arms, to follow.
Justice could feel the enchantment. Being a creature he knew they were on holy ground. Not only Christian’s, but pagans came here to worship, meditate and find their way. He also sensed the fairies. “They won’t hurt the fairies will they?”
Dylan laughed and caught Justice studying her. “No, they come here more times than I do. They are playing tag. They will be gone now till nightfall. Witches, you know, come from the fae. Our family came from Morgan le Fay. That’s why I decided to settle here in Glastonbury. Our family was spread out between here, the Cornwall coast, and Wales. All the women in my family are powerful in their own right, a power that is sought by some to have and leave us powerless. I wanted to live free to explore without those powers.”
Justice looked over at Dylan who, as they walked and got closer to the top, almost glowed. “You know you have an aura about you?”
Dylan nodded her head. “I know. But it still doesn’t show me my powers.” She shrugged, “I’m better off without them.” She moved aside for more tourists who were coming down. 
“Now tell me, why did you come?”
Justice figured honesty was best here. “Because of you. The Goddess showed me you in a vision.”
Dylan stopped and sat down. “I think I better sit for this one.” She patted the ground near her. “Sit and tell me.”
Justice saw how close they were to the top. Extending his hand. “Come, let’s get to the top and find a quiet place.”
Dylan took his hand. “The suspense is going to kill me.”
Justice smiled. “Just a short distance yet. Come, I’d rather be at the top.”
They went and sat off to the side away from all the tourists who were walking around the top. “We will go look inside in a while, but first you must tell me.”
Justice sat looking out at the panoramic view of the town of Glasotonbury. Even him being a creature of the night, a vampire, someone who had been around the entire time humans had been on this earth, he was awed by the power of the top of Glastonbury Tor. No wonder so many came as pilgrims, from all faiths.
He felt a small warm hand touch his. Looking at his hand he saw Dylan patting his. “Does the coolness of my skin bother you?” Justice asked.
Dylan laughed. “Heavens no. I remember Bella coming for a visit to our Belgrave Square home. My mother didn’t live with all the aunts and cousins at first. She lived with Uncle William there in London. Before the outbreak of WWII, Bella came and said she would be leaving soon for the continent. I can remember her after the Great War with my Aunts the times I spent with them for holiday. I loved the big family.”
Dylan looked off towards the town. “So tell me.”
Justice turned towards Dylan. “I was working with the former King of our kind, protecting his daughter Bella. She had come into her needing time, it was calling vampires from all over, even Spain...”
“Spain?”
Justice nodded his head. “They were in the area apparently and it just coincided with Bella’s time. Well after, when things had calmed down, I was sitting outside, the moon was full and the Goddess came to me, she showed me you, and you were crying. You had a letter in your hand.”
Dylan nodded her head.
“I knew you needed protecting at that moment, but then you looked up at the moon.”
Dylan looked over at him “I remember that night. I remember looking up and it was like I could almost see someone.”
Justice took Dylan’s hand. “When I saw you, I knew then I must see you, that I had seen the one.”
“The one?” Dylan asked in a whisper. She was too afraid to hear the answer.
“The one that was meant for me. You see, I have been without a mate, or wife, for many, many years. Cormac told me I needed one and then later the Goddess showed me you.”
Dylan didn’t know what to say. She had let go of Justice’s hand and sat picking at the grass. “I come with a lot of baggage. You were right, someone wrote to me, the letter really upset me.”
Justice took her hand back. “I don’t expect you to accept me right away, but I am here to protect you. I can do that much. Maybe within time you would come to accept me.”
Dylan laughed. “God, you make it sound like you are not even pleasing to look at. Look at you, for a vampire, you are quite handsome.”
Justice smiled. “I suppose, I never thought of myself as handsome. I was never as beautiful as Michael or Gabriel. Those of us in the lower ranks were, I guess, pleasing to the eye but I never gave it much thought.”
Dylan patted his hand. “I really don’t know what you could do to protect me? I have my dragon but why would the Dark One want me? I have no powers to speak of. It doesn’t make any sense. He said in his letter he would destroy me if I didn’t accept his offer of marriage. Like this is one hundred years ago. I have never...” Dylan stopped short.
Justice looked over and saw her blush. To anyone she appeared to be a young twenty something woman. She was more than that. She was actually in her nineties, but also a virgin.
“There is no need to tell me more, it’s fine. First things first. Protect you and find out where our threat is.” A thought came to Justice. “Do you know, or have you seen while you were here, a man, about average height, very pale skin and hair the color of a raven’s wing.”
Dylan grabbed Justice arm. “You saw him?”
Justice nodded his head. “I saw him but also he was in the midst of changing. I saw him in many forms. He was walking across a street as I drove into Glastonbury. It was as if we both sensed each other.”
Dylan pounded her little fist into the ground. “Why me? Why not go after someone with more power?”
Justice took her hand. “I think he wants the power of the whole family, not just you. I think you are the sacrifice or will be if he can get a hold of you. I think we need to go over the family history.”
Dylan jumped up. “Come, we will do more touring if you wish, but I feel we need to get the animals and get home.”
Justice was up, seeing the hair on Dylan’s arms raised, he asked, “Do you sense something?”
Dylan whistled. Stood for a moment and waited. She whistled again and then heard the answering screech. “Thank heavens, there isn’t much that can destroy him but the Dark One could and I would die if anything happened to him.”
Justice took her hand and started to walk. “It won’t come to that. I will make sure. If nothing else you will have me also as your protector.”

* * * * *

“Her protector, she is to have another protector? Why am I not enough?”
Her dragon paced and then flew from his perch to the counter and stared at Emma.
“I am sure we will get more news, but that is the message I got from mother and Grandmother. The Goddess decreed it.”
Tân paced, then flew in a circle. He could see Dylan was out in the garden having a tea party with a group of older ladies. He saw the vampire sitting off in the shade. He had been here a week. Dylan had been spending a lot of time with the beast, and they called him a beast. He felt fire building up in his chest.
 Emma saw Tân’s look. “Don’t do it,” she said.
Tân looked over at Emma, with a bored look. “I don’t know what you are talking about. I just need to spread my wings. 
Emma went to put the gilded cage cover over the dragon but he flew out of her reach.
“Now be reasonable Tân, what do you hope to accomplish with causing trouble?”
Emma jumped and tried to reach the dragon. She stopped took a deep breath and started to chant.
Tân knew his time was now before she got the spell up to snuff. It was hard placing a spell on a creature such as himself. He flew to the opposite end of the room and then flying hard and fast went for the screen on the window. Letting a blast of fire go he scorched the screen, blowing a hole in it and he was free.

* * * * *

Dylan had just smiled at Justice who sat in the shade reading when she heard a scream from Emma. Looking up she saw a red bolt and flames shoot from her office window. “Damn!”
“I beg your pardon dear,” one of the older ladies said as she looked over at Dylan with a surprised look.
Dylan knew her dragon was up to something and she guessed by the direction of the red bolt he was headed to Justice. “Justice!”
Justice didn’t have to be told twice. He knew the dragon had been seething the last couple days. “Got you.”
He got up and moved quickly, better to get the dragon out of the garden. Even if people came to Glastonbury believing in some things, a mad dragon, sending flames was quite another thing entirely.
Justice went out the back of the garden into the lane that led around the back of the properties. He took off in a run, knowing he could run as fast as Tân flew. Being a vampire gave him speed and he needed it now. He didn’t know it was going to be this hard to protect Dylan.
Diving out of the way from firebombs that the dragon sent his way, Justice kept running. Trying to get the dragon away from people and then deal with the demented dragon was his plan.
Justice ran till he got to the base of the Tor and found a grove of trees. He took a deep breath and waited. Heard the dragon circling overhead. Looking about him he didn’t see any tourists. Good, he didn’t need tourists witnessing him and a dragon fighting. Since he wasn’t a wizard he would have to rely on brute strength, if it came to that, or plain, simple smarts. They both wanted the same thing, to keep Dylan safe.
He heard a screech of anger. He stayed still. He could smell the brimstone. A cloud went over the sun, so it made the grove dark. Justice let his senses take over. The grove of oaks that he had taken shelter in was thick. Suddenly he felt a presence, so stood perfectly still. He sensed and then knew it wasn’t the dragon. Something else was with him and the dragon must be sensing it also because his screeches had changed from outrage to something else; a warning. The dragon was having a fit from above. Justice felt the presence and it didn’t feel right.
Tân circled overhead and waited. He would do this all afternoon if need be, just to get that blood feeding beast away from his Dylan. He felt fire building up in his chest again. Good, he would be ready for when that not so brave vampire exposed himself.
He continued to fly over the grove of trees he had seen that beast run into. He decided to land on the very top of one of the great oaks and wait. Then he felt a breeze but after a second knew it wasn’t good. Something was down there with the vampire and it felt like the powers of the Dark One, if that was the case, he could take advantage of this… or not.
Justice was trying to figure out how he could fight an invisible force. He had never fought witches or dark forces that were unseen. Nor was he good, apparently, at fighting dragons, but he did have speed. If he could get out of the grove he had a feeling the power would wane. All of a sudden he started to feel restricted. Though he saw no binds on him. He sent a silent message to the Goddess then he heard a screech. All of a sudden the grove lit up like a huge birthday cake.
“ I will burn the tethers that bind you. I see you are bound to the grove here, it is the work of The Dark One.”
Tân let go a burst of flame that scorched the vampire and the tree nearest him. He heard the vampire curse.
“Now Go, run, follow my path. Run you foolish vampire, run!”
Justice ran, could see the sky clearly through the trees. He ran like the hounds of hell were at his feet. Then he heard a familiar bark and knew one of those hounds was nearby.
Tân flew sending bursts of flames ahead of himself and the vampire. Why he was saving him he wasn’t sure but he also knew it might take the vampire’s strength to save Dylan should they need it when they returned to the B&B.
They all came to the edge of the grove and Tân came to a halt, landing on the ground. Nero came running up to the dragon.
“What did you do? Dylan sent me off after you both.”
Justice came to a halt and glared down at the dragon. “Seriously Tân, what was that all about? Do you realize now we are both away from her and she is vulnerable.”
Nero looked at the dragon. “We need to get back. Emma is no match for the Dark One.”
Justice nodded. “Though, I think he was in the grove with me. I think he was enjoying this chance to have you and I occupied. We need to talk later and hash this out but for now we need to get back.”
Tân shook himself. “Fine, we talk later but this doesn’t mean I like you. I don’t like vampires and I don’t need your help protecting Dylan.”
Justice started running. “ I beg to differ,” he yelled as he ran.

* * * * *

Dylan had never been really mad at her dragon. Now as she faced him, she was furious. The only one who seemed to be happy with all this was Max who jumped around yapping and displaying a constant grin on his happy little face.
Dylan scooped him up, “Quiet little one. Go lay down.”
She put him down. Max gave one little bark at Nero who woofed back at him. Max then went, jumped on the chaise lounge and went to sleep.
Dylan saw Justice had scorch marks on his wrist. Picking up his wrist, she gently touched the skin. She felt a vibration and heard Justice purr. So, they purred, interesting.
“Don’t worry about it I will heal.”
Dylan glared at Tân. “How could you?”
Tân bit at one of his claws. “I don’t know what all the fuss is all about? I ended up saving this stupid vampire.”
Justice had had enough of the verbal abuse. He jumped up. “You bloody stupid dragon, it was you who caused all of this, drove me into the grove. I was just hoping for a minute to think of a way of escape. I wanted to talk to you, explain how we have to work together. I am not trying to take your place but I am going to protect Dylan whether you like it or not.”
Tân turned himself on his perch. He refused to be equal with that beast. He would not work with him.
Dylan smiled at Justice, then walked up to her dragon. 
“Tân darling, you have been with me since I took my first breath. You have been my constant companion.” She saw Nero’s hurt look. “Along with Nero,” She reached out and touched Tân’s wing. “I need you, I couldn’t live without you, but the Goddess decreed for him to come, he was shown me and even if I am not happy with a security detail, I am not happy with the thoughts of the Dark One bothering me either. I need both of you.” She patted his head and saw her dragon close his eyes. He purred. She felt the rumble grow and he blew out a puff of smoke.
“That’s it Tân, can you meet him half way?”
Justice got up and went to the other side of the dragon. “I don’t want to take your place, I only ask to help and to have help. She,” He looked over at Dylan “She was shown me in the moon by the Goddess. I would never have known about her, but the Goddess speaks and we must obey.”
He wasn’t going to tell Tân that with each moment he was in Dylan’s presence he fell more in love with her. It wasn’t a matter of just protecting her, being her protector but someday he wanted her to be his mate. He knew that would take time. Protecting her from this threat came first. Flesh and blood he could fight but he would need the dragon to help fight the darkness and spirits.
Glancing over at Dylan he saw her small smile. “So what do you say? Can we fight for a common cause and not fight each other? We can be a great deal stronger together than we can separately.”
Tân nodded his head. “I suppose so.”
Justice smiled. “Good then let’s get to planning.”
Chapter 6

They had taken a picnic to the top of Tor. This time there was a truce between Justice and Dylan’s dragon. He was flying about overhead, blending in like a chameleon. People pointing at the bird but not knowing he was in fact a dragon.
Since the day of the grove, Justice hadn’t felt any presence. That day had been a growing gloom, now nothing.
“So who is this Gwyn ap Nudd?”
Dylan looked up from the sandwiches she was getting out of the basket. “Someone who has long had a connection with my family. He is King of the Tylwyth Teg, or the fair folk. He and you would get along since you are both warriors. He has a brother, though, who is not so nice and not so willing to watch over the fairies. He is the one I am afraid who hungers for power. He was cast out many years ago. He thirsts for power and if he can’t have the throne of his brother’s then he want’s my family’s power. The only thing is, I don’t have the power the rest of the women do. But I refuse to go to the States. England is my home and I don’t see going to the States but for a short visit. He doesn’t seem to hold sway there like he does here.”
Justice picked up an apple and took a bite out of it. “But if you don’t have powers why would he want you?”
Dylan smiled. “I am a direct descendent to one of the most powerful witches ever. Despite the fact that I don’t have power, yet I promise to, or he thinks. I would be happy with no power. I am happy reading tea leaves, making potions, or tinctures. I do have some powers but not like I should.” She glanced over at her partner, saw him studying her. “For whatever reason they refuse to come. At first my mother and great Aunt Bess told me, practice, practice. I did. I finally gave up. Even Emma has more power than me. At times it’s frustrating but I’m getting used to it.”
Justice thought about it. “You know a lot of times with vampires they don’t get their power and need for blood until they come of age, then also they have cravings and desires.”
Dylan glanced at Justice through her lashes. She felt a blush growing on her cheeks. Of all times to blush.
“Cravings and desires, do you mean blood?”
Justice picked up a sandwich. “In part, but we vampires are sexual creatures. It’s hard to not be. Though I became celibate when my human wife died about five thousand years ago, I didn’t think there would be anyone who could replace her. It was the same plague that she died of that I lay dying of. I knew Cormac, we had after all fallen together, but I was left to be human and wasn’t cursed initially. My two brothers were changed at the same time. We were in Babylon at the time. Had I been changed before she died then I would have been able to at least change her. But since I couldn’t, I decided a life of celibacy would be better for me. So that meant being a warrior. Fighting took the urge away.” He glanced over at Dylan saw a rose blush on her cheeks. “I don’t mean to embarrass you, Dylan.”
Dylan tried to cover her feelings she was sure she was showing. She was a late bloomer in all areas, sexually and with her heritage.
“Oh you haven’t embarrassed me, as you think.” She fiddled with an ant that had crawled on the blanket. Glancing up through her lashes again, “So you think when I become...” Max and Nero came crashing into them.
Dylan was relieved to not embarrass herself further with what she thought Justice was saying.
Justice knew her being a virgin probably meant her powers were lying dormant. He didn’t want to say it, let her be the one to come to that conclusion. After all he wasn’t an expert but he knew whom he was going to talk to later when he was by himself.
Pushing the dogs off, Dylan got them each a treat and made them lie down. She and Justice watched as the dogs had their treats then rolled on the grass. Tourists walked by them, some with children and asked to pat the dogs. The dogs played, then finally settled down and went to sleep.
Justice had a lot to think about and to investigate, if he was to protect her better. “When we get back, can I see the note you received?”
Dylan shook her head. “I’m sorry but it disappeared. Just before you arrived it went up missing.”
Justice glanced over at Dylan. “Are you sure one of the dogs didn’t take it or even your dragon?”
Dylan shook her head. “The funny thing was Tân asked me to find a safe place for it, that he didn’t like it because the words changed about. There were two messages, it was part of a Grimoire. I didn’t have a chance to study the other message but did read his letter.” She took a deep breath. “You know back in the old days to save paper they wrote over other letters or books. They had ways of dissolving the ink but usually its imprint remained. But Tân, being the creature he is, saw it. He will be happy to know you want to know more about it. He said it mentioned something about taking a virgin bride to enhance his powers that if he could get me and take my virginity on a certain night when the moon was full then he could take my powers and leave me dead.”
“Never.”
Dylan looked up at Justice with interest. “So, how do you plan on preventing him? I know you have powers but even you, a vampire, will have a hard time fighting against the likes of him and his magic.”
Justice smiled, trying to collect himself. He was starting to feel the haze come over his eyes and it wouldn’t do to have that happen in front of tourists. The thoughts of anyone or any being touching Dylan in that way made him want to go on a hunt.
Dylan touched Justice’s wrist.
She wanted to change the subject. Things were going in a dangerous area and her talking about sex was dangerous, especially with a handsome vampire near her.
As she let her finger gently touch Justice’s wrist she looked up. “So, tell me how you heal so quickly? I mean you were burned by Tân, I know he did that to burn the cords that bound you from The Dark One.”
Justice let her touch his wrist. He didn’t want to scare her so he didn’t reach out and take her hand. “We heal quickly, well depending on the wound.” 
They both looked up into the sky at the sound of Dylan’s dragon screeching. 
Justice stood up. “I think he and I are going to go hunting tonight, some bonding time is needed for the two of us.”
Dylan stood and stretched her arm out. Tân landed but instead of looking like a dragon he had changed into a hawk.
Justice smiled. “Clever.”
Tân sat perched on his Dylan’s arm. He shook himself, ruffled his feathers and screeched at the vampire. “Of course it’s clever, I’m a changeling when need be. I’m not always what I appear.”
Justice looked at him and then it hit him. Grabbing Dylan by the arm as she started to walk away. “That’s it, don’t you see Dylan?”
Dylan looked down at her arm where Justice held onto her. He let go
“I’m sorry it just hit me seeing Tân changed. When I came here and as I was stuck in traffic for a few moments, at one spot The Dark One changed before my eyes. We are going to have to be careful who we allow to come in contact with you.”
Dylan didn’t see it at first then she understood. “Maybe it’s one of the days coming up, or the moon phases. We must get home and check the moon.”
Justice took Dylan’s hand, gentler this time. “Promise me you won’t go off anywhere without Tân or me or both. It would make better sense if you had Emma with you at all times also. Like I said, I cannot fight spirit form or witchcraft but if I can lay hold of his physical form maybe we can figure how to send him to Hades permanently.”
Dylan felt a current running from her hand to Justice and back. Looking into his golden eyes, they were now flecked with emerald. “Before you came I felt very much alone. I didn’t want to involve the family and with Uncle and mother both gone...”
Justice pulled her to start walking. “Where did they go?”
Dylan tried keeping up with Justice’s long strides. Her dragon had taken off again. “I don’t know. I got a note from both saying to not worry about them, that they were together and had gone to find something that would help. Mother is a historian and loves to do research. I was here when the letter arrived. I ran off to London to our family’s home on Belgrave Square. I was there when I received the other letter.”
Justice stopped which made Dylan run into him.
“I need to know as much about you, your family, your strengths and weaknesses...” He saw a look pass across Dylan’s face. “I am not well versed with witches. My first time around them was at Bella’s. I spent some time with Emma’s mother and sister and grandmother, but it’s a new world for me.” Seeing the look cross Dylan’s face again. “Come!”
They ran as fast as Dylan could keep up with Justice’s long legs. They ran past White Spring, along Chilkwell Street, cut around St. Mary’s Chapel and to Dylan’s home on Benedict Street.
They ran into Emma who said an elderly couple had just arrived and were staying in the rooms across the hall from Justice.
“I want to know everything there is about this couple Emma. Don’t let them be with Dylan for one second by themselves.”
Emma looked at Justice like he had two heads. Tân came flying in, landed on Justice shoulder.
“We need to talk vampire.”
Justice stood perfectly still. For the dragon to land on his shoulder he must trust him to some degree. He felt little paws on his leg. Looking down he saw Max standing up, wagging his tail.
“Yes Tân we will talk.”
Looking down at the little dog. “I hope you don’t plan on biting me again unless you want to become a vampire.”
The little dog yelped and jumped down. Shook himself as if in disgust and ran off barking.
Dylan smiled and Emma laughed. Dylan took the guest book in hand. “Well, I guess that’s one way to skin a cat, or dog. We will have tea in the garden in ten minutes. Emma, have Jane take care of any customers that come for tea.”
Emma hit her forehead. “The couple has asked for a tea leaf reading in an hour.”
Dylan started walking to the French doors that divided the two row houses. “Fine, we will come together. First things first, a battle plan meeting.”

* * * * *

The old couple paced around their rooms. The gentleman looked at the woman, his supposed wife.
“You don’t suppose they will suspect?” he asked as he paced.
“How would they know?” the woman replied, her voice rising with each word. The woman shook her head. “I don’t know, I’m not good at knowing the future, but I have a bad feeling.”
The gentleman sat down then stood again. Clearly agitated. “Who would suspect an old couple from America with a name of Smythe. We’ve come to merry old England to see where our family was from. We want to go on tours of the countryside, participate in some festivals and such, commune with the area. Whatever rubbish you want to say. We need to lay our hands on her, get her away and bring her to the top of Tor and we are set.”
The woman clearly didn’t buy it. “I don’t know. She has that vampire, and I’ve seen her dragon, she is never left alone. How do you propose to get a hold of her?”
The man smiled. “Leave that to me. I will take care of all of it. You want your powers to increase, you just follow my lead as they say.”
Chapter 7

Dylan looked at the registration of the elderly couple. Smythe, It’s obviously not their real names. Robert and Margaret Smythe. They didn’t use imagination with their names. Emma got on the computer and started typing.
Justice looked over Emma’s shoulder, “Who you writing to?”
Emma smiled as she typed. “A cousin of ours who works at Scotland Yard. She can dig up anything.” Emma hit the send button and she got up. “I’ll get the notification on my phone. For now I will go get the tea tray ready.”
Justice watched as Emma walked away. Turning towards Dylan he saw a smile playing on her lips.
“What’s so funny, considering what we are dealing with?”
Dylan had never really had contact with a vampire much. Most of the time witches and vampires didn’t mix. There was an old story, that went way back, of Cormac’s coven helping her family a couple of times but most of the time they didn’t mix.
“I was just watching you watch Emma. Are you sure this isn’t all a ruse to get closer to her? I mean after all you were with her and the family stateside.”
Justice felt a growl rumble. He saw her look of surprise. “I’m sorry that was rude. The Goddess showed me you, not her. This is really the fist time I have been around witches. I have always been on a battlefield of some sort. It would probably be good if we could sit down and get to know one another soon, before things get out of hand.”
Dylan smiled. He was so serious. “How about we have dinner tonight? I know you eat only to keep a warm blood company, but you enjoy wine don’t you?”
Justice smiled. “Yes.” A thought came to him. “May I see your hand for a second?”
Dylan nodded her head and reached up towards Justice outstretched hand. “Why?”
Taking her hand, looking deep into her eyes. “This will only hurt a second, maybe not even that.” He licked her finger, did a quick count to five, hope that was enough. Saw her eyes get big and round as she was about to say something. He bit her finger. Tasted her blood, took enough to get it in his system and then licked the puncture wound to seal it.
“What the hell do you think you are doing? Biting my finger, sucking on my blood.”
Her voice raised to a high enough pitch that it brought the dogs, who ran barking to her. A couple of cats also came running, meowing up a storm and then her dragon came swooping in.
Tân heard his mistress voice and he didn’t like the tone. He could only think of one who would make her yell like that and it was the vampire. Work for the common good, he would show him how he worked.
Justice heard the dragon so he knew he had a second at the most. “Listen, if I have your blood in me I can find you anywhere.”
Justice had been around for about seven thousand years, but he had never had to deal with dragons, that had been George’s calling, his youngest angelic brother who had been the light to all.
He dove under the table and heard Dylan yell at her dragon.
Better to retreat and fight another day, he thought. He wasn’t sure what would happen should he get scorched again. His beast may come out full force.
Tân saw his mistress and she didn’t look happy as he spewed flames from his mouth, directing them at the vampire who at this moment hid under the table.
So Tân landed on the table and started to pace, “Why did you scream, mistress?”
Dylan felt foolish now. She knew she would have to sooth hurt feelings all around after this.
“The one you are trying to burn up is only trying to make it easier for him to track me.” She looked under the table. “Isn’t that right, Justice?”
Justice looked up and out. “Is the coast clear? I will come out and explain.
“Explain away blood feeder, it better be good or you are toast,” the dragon screeched.
Justice got up, glared at the dragon, knew he had to be careful. He could after all reach out and grab the bugger right away and strangle him, that was a cheerful thought. He took a second look at the dragon but caught Dylan’s look and it seemed she was picking up on his thoughts.
Dylan got threads of Justice’s thoughts. She understood his frustration. She would be frustrated too if she had to deal with a dragon like hers. But Tân was her beloved dragon and she couldn’t think of life without him. “Don’t go there, Justice, even if it does bring you temporary happiness.”
Justice pulled up a chair at the dining room table. “How did you know?”
“I can hear your thoughts as, you can hear my dragon, the cats and the dogs.”
Dylan pulled up one next to him, then after a moment moved her chair away a bit further. She then crossed her leg over. “I need room to think, no touching one another, as it will cloud my thoughts.” 
Taking Justice’s hand and then looking into his eyes, she felt a rumbling current going between the two of them. She saw sparks coming off her fingertips. She dropped his hand but had seen enough between the hands and the eyes. “Your eyes have flecks of ruby in them now. You were thinking of something unkind in regards to my dragon. I know he is a trial but I need you both and can’t live without him.”
Justice understood. It also warmed him that she said, she needed him. To hear her say she couldn’t live without him would be music to his ears. Would he ever hear that? He would never force himself, better to go without a mate than to force her into a relationship. But for now, he would be content protecting her.
“I understand perfectly. As long as he behaves, I will be fine, but he can’t bait a vampire forever. I have only so much control.”
Tân made a sound that Justice thought sounded like a laugh. 
“If that’s what you call it vampire, just be warned, she is my mistress and I won’t let anyone or thing harm her, so if you don’t think you are up to the job leave.”
Justice was on his feet and in the dragon’s face. “Hear me dragon, I have been given permission by the Goddess herself to protect Dylan. You can help me or leave. I would rather have the help and I know you mean a great deal to Dylan. Not that I need your help.”
Dylan shook her head. Her life had changed drastically and she had two beasts guarding her and fighting over her. She sighed. Looking up at the wall clock. “We have a tea reading session. I need both of you and Emma. Call a truce but let’s work together, I need you both.”
Both looked at one another. Dylan would have laughed if it wasn’t so serious, but the both of them grunted, looked at each other then away.
“Good, Tân change yourself. Justice you invite yourself to the tea reading session. Don’t take no for an answer. Shake hands, you seem to pick up a lot with touching.”
Justice smiled and purred.
Emma came running in “I got an email. Just as I thought, they aren’t real people. Robert and Margaret Smythe died on the Titanic. They were third class passengers.”
Dylan smiled and put her hair back up. “I think I know who they really are.”
Justice and Tân spoke at the same time. “Who then?”
“Either Cerridwen and Morfran, but I think it’s not Morfran but Gwion. I may be able to tell when talking to them.”
They stood, Tân waited a couple seconds then backed up and flew off to the other room to wait. Justice saw Emma go to the kitchen that connected the two row houses.
“Dylan?”
Dylan looked up into Justice’s face, saw his eyes were gold with emerald flecks again. “Yes?”
Before Justice could think he bent down and brushed a kiss on Dylan’s lips. She tasted of honey and she smelled fresh and pure. Standing back he saw her eyes were still closed. Bending, he kissed her again, felt her lips. They felt like velvet. Then he felt her hand come and wrap around the back of his head as she kissed him back.
When they pulled apart she was smiling which made him smile.
“Please be careful.”
Dylan stepped back and letting her finger touch her lips that had just been kissed by a vampire she felt her body tremble. It was her first kiss. Ever. Looking up she sucked on her bottom lip. “I will be careful, but why did you do that?”
Justice remembered seeing her for the first time ever in the moon and remembered how he wanted to scoop her up, protect her and love her. When feelings overcome vampires, they come strong. They were always permanent. “Because your lips looked so beautiful, and it’s been a very long time since I have kissed a woman.”
They heard Emma ring the bell. 
Dylan reached up and hugged Justice. “Thank you for my first kiss.” She looked down.
Justice let his finger go under her chin. “What?”
Dylan looked up into the eyes of the vampire who every time she touched him she felt currents of power running through the two of them. She felt power pulse through her body to him and back. “Thank you. Now come help me.” Looking directly in his eyes she saw the emerald flecks. He really did have the most wonderful eyes. “Come in a few minutes after me and introduce yourself.”
Justice smiled. “Don’t worry. I will get information out of them, one way or another.” When Justice saw the look Dylan gave him he smiled at her. “Don’t worry, I won’t eat them.” As much as I would like to.
Chapter 8

Justice walked into the tearoom and saw Dylan fidgeting. The man, the supposed Mr. Smythe, was looking smug. The woman, Mrs. Smythe, looked a bit nervous. Good he found a weakness. The woman would go quickly, one way or another.
Dylan had poured tea for the couple and chatted with them about this and that. She was getting awful vibes from them, especially the man. A cloying fragrance kept swirling around her nose like a dance. She tried to pinpoint it but couldn’t. She listened to Mrs. Smythe talk about nothing. She appeared nervous. The gentleman, instead, looked quite happy with himself. He kept trying to touch her. She insisted that wasn’t allowed in a tea reading unless she needed to confirm a reading.
“So do tell me, Dylan, how you came to this wonderful town of Glastonbury and started this tea room?” Mr. Smythe asked.
Dylan watched as Mrs. Smythe inverted her cup, then glanced up at Mr. Smythe. “I’ve always loved this town. Now if you would please let me read this cup.” God, where is Justice?
Dylan jumped when she heard Max bark, but that told her Justice was near.
Justice had stayed in the shadows long enough. He walked up and touched Dylan’s shoulder gently.
“I am so sorry to intrude but your assistant, Jane, said I might be able to sit in and watch your reading. I’m a student.” He heard a hiss come from Mr. Smythe and felt nervous vibrations come from the Mrs. Smythe.
Mr. Smythe looked up, he had smelt him when they had arrived. What a vampire was doing here was anyone’s guess. “Really, this is most unusual. We ordered a reading for two not three.”
Dylan looked up at Justice, smiled and saw he wasn’t taking no for an answer because he very quickly grabbed the neighboring chair and pushed his way in between her and Mrs. Smythe.
Justice stretched his leg and brushed Mr. Smythe. He felt hate, he growled and Mrs. Smythe squeaked.
Sitting up straighter he turned towards the older woman, though he knew she was probably not the age she portrayed. “Let me introduce myself.” He took her hand and felt the cool clammy hand of a nervous witch. He picked up her fear and nervousness. He bent and kissed her hand. “My name is Justice di Bagnoregio.”
Just letting his lips brush the woman’s hand he found out what he needed to know. She wasn’t here on her own, she was forced. Looking into her eyes he saw raw fear.
Sitting back he smiled at Mr. Smythe. “Like I said I have long been interested in the art of tea reading. I heard from the guides that Miss Pendragon is the best around.”
Dylan moved closer to Justice. The little contact of her leg touching his brought strength and with that a bolt hit her. She jumped and saw in his eyes he felt it too.
She sat back took a deep breath in. Then looking Mr. Smythe square in the face, “If you would be so kind to finish your tea but the last little bit. Let that settle while I read your wife’s cup.”
Emma came in, saw the group, she brought an extra teacup for Justice. “Please excuse me, I thought since Mr. di Bagnoregio was sitting here he may want his cup read also.” She handed him a cup and saucer then walked away.
“Don’t mind me, I will just pour myself some tea and you can read mine last,” said Justice, fully enjoying making the two witches uncomfortable.
Justice felt a purr of self-satisfaction come up his throat. He felt like he was readying himself for battle. He had found a weak chink in the armor of Mr. Smythe. He would focus on the wife.
Sitting back while drinking his tea he watched as Dylan took up the cup of Mrs. Smythe and studied it. She would look up and then back at the cup. Justice glanced over at Mr. Smythe who didn’t look quite so smug. His pasty color had turned to ash. He smiled as he sipped his tea. He really was enjoying himself. Psychological warfare, something he usually didn’t do, but when in Rome...he smiled.
Mr. Smythe shuddered. He had little dealings with blood feeders. Well, there was always a first time for everything. 
Dylan took a deep breath. She tried to find something good but the leaves all fell into place so clearly. Even a child with a book could read this cup.
Taking another deep breath she let her leg settle nicely on Justice’s thigh. She felt heat go back and forth between them. She felt a gentle rumble and then, wonder of wonders, he let his hand rest on her thigh. She sucked in her breath and she felt a tingle in places that she had never felt before.
“OK, this cup is very clear.” Looking over at Mr. Smythe and then at Justice. “Would you both leave about a teaspoon of the tea left and then swirl your cups counter clockwise, then invert it in a fluid movement over the napkin.” She was stalling to buy time, she could lie. No she had never lied when reading leaves.
“Mrs. Smythe. I have never seen a reading quite like yours before. It’s unusual in that it has only two symbols and they are near to the top and the handle. You have an ape and a cat. Both on opposite sides and both, as I said, towards the top. There is nothing else here in the cup.” She put the cup down so Mrs. Smythe could see. She knew the woman was a witch but, funny, she didn’t get the normal vibrations from her like she would of her kind. “May I take your hand?”
Mrs. Smythe tittered and then nodded and extended her hand. Dylan took her hand, she felt age, fear, gloom and doom. Then she knew what the fragrance was because it hit her like a brick wall. Death. She was surrounded by death.
Dylan saw Justice smile. She felt the gentle reassuring squeeze of his hand. It sent the reassurance she needed but it also sent fluttering feelings to her nether regions. She tried to cover the blush she knew was spreading over her face. She willed it away. She felt him lift his hand. She smiled as she looked down in Mrs. Smythe’s cup.
“Do tell us, Miss Pendragon, what my wife’s cup says.”
Dylan looked up and over at Mr. Smythe. “She has secret enemies and difficulties caused by treachery. Like I said I have never seen a cup quite like this one.”
She felt fear roll off the woman. She saw an aura spread around Mr. Smythe. It was black. From the Dark One. Oh God. Justice.
Justice heard Dylan’s thoughts. He wanted to wrap his arms around her but he also wanted to find this man, this warlock out and send him away forever so he would never be a threat again. “Don’t fear, I am here and will never leave you. I will destroy him, before he can hurt you.
Taking another deep breath she smiled over at Justice and then looking over at Mrs. Smythe. “Do you work still?”
Mrs. Smythe stuttered a bit. “Why- why, y-yes, I do, a clerk”
Dylan smiled at the woman. “That must be it. Jealous co-workers, nothing but office drama, I wouldn’t worry about it.” She knew that the woman knew differently. The woman would be betrayed.
Dylan reached for Mr. Smythe’s cup. “Now let’s see what you have.” She gasped at the cup’s interior. It held nothing. No leaves, nothing.
Mr. Smythe heard Dylan Pendragon gasp. “So what does my cup hold?”
Dylan looked up into the black, empty eyes of Mr. Smythe and felt a cold chill cover her body. She felt frozen for a brief second and then with the touch of Justice hand on her thigh again she felt herself thaw.
“I’m afraid, like your wife’s cup, yours holds a reading I have never seen, it’s a very strange thing. You seem to be void of anything or your cup would have picked it up,” She turned quickly after seeing a whirlwind in the man’s eyes to Justice.
“Now let’s see what we have in your cup. I do hope yours is a bit more conventional.”
She picked up the cup and jumped at the site of the interior. It wasn’t that it was bad, it told her what he had said, he came for her. But as she studied it she saw his past and then it fusing into his future.
“Mr. di Bagnoregio. You have an interesting cup. It shows your past but also your present and future.” She smiled at him, felt waves of something coming from Justice but couldn’t detect what it was. Yes, she could, it was comfort, strength, she pushed away the awful smell that was coming from both Smythes and continued.
“You have been a bachelor or single for many years, but it seems to be coming to an end.” Her heart did a happy flip and she felt sparks spring from her fingers. She noticed Mr. Smythe must have seen them because when she dared to glance up she saw a smile playing on his lips. She saw him change quickly to the Dark One right in front of her. His hair was long and black like a raven’s wing. His skin a pasty color. She shook herself because the vision was so startling.
Turning her attention back to Justice. “So as I said you won’t be single for long, you also have a flower bouquet that is a symbol for romance and then there is this very large swan.” She felt a blush growing over her as Justice squeezed her thigh. Heat spread up her thigh and hit it’s mark. Then her heart did a glad leap again. “It means love is entering into your life.” Dylan wanted to squirm. She felt her seat getting very hot. She felt herself; part was full of fear and revulsion, because of the couple sitting at the table. 
Then she had Justice here and giving her comfort and something else. Glancing down she saw his hand was gently massaging her thigh. She wanted to stretch and sigh like a contented cat. She felt a yearning to be touched in so many places that had never been touched. She sighed, heard a clear voice in her head. Looking up and saw Justice smiling at her.
Mr. Smythe was enjoying this reading session. His partner had quieted down. As if she was almost out of the picture. He had only brought her along so to appear the helpless, innocent couple. He didn’t need her. He would gladly offer her up as a sacrifice. He saw her look at him and gasp. So what if she read his thoughts, she had no power to speak of. He would get rid of her and have this juicy morsel who was ripe for the plucking. He would take Dylan, have her and then with her virginity take her power that was growing with each second as she sat here lusting after that vampire. He would take her tonight. He was startled out of his thoughts by a growl coming from that tiresome Mr. di Bagnoregio.
Justice wanted to know something. “Would you Miss Pendragon please get a cup and read your leaves?”
Dylan sighed. Hers would be a very easy one to read. “Maybe you would help me since you are a student of reading tea leaves, sir.”
Justice smiled at Dylan and glared at Mr. Smythe. “I would be delighted.” I would like to take him, sink my fangs into his neck and suck him dry this moment but I promised I would behave.
Dylan smiled at Justice. Thank you, I appreciate it.
“Excuse me for a moment I will go get a teacup.”
Dylan pushed away from the table. The lack of touch from Justice brought her a cold chill. She felt unprotected. She rushed to the kitchen.
Emma and Jane stood washing dishes. Emma turned and looked at her cousin Dylan. “You should feel the waves of emotions coming from that table.”
Dylan grabbed her favorite teacup and saucer. “Yes, tell me about it. I can hardly sit still with all the hate, fear and...”
Emma looked her cousin in the eyes. “And what?”
Dylan shook her head. “Nothing. I have to get back.”
She about ran out of the kitchen. The place that had always been her haven, in any home she lived. Her mother had called her ‘my little kitchen witch’.
Dylan walked up to the table and saw Justice had a very satisfied look on his face. He was stretched out, looking like the cat that swallowed the canary. He was giving the look to Mr. Smythe, who had looked quite smug before she had left, now looked like he would rather be anywhere but the table. Mrs. Smythe seemed to shrink with each moment that passed.
“I’m back,” she said to no one in particular. She sat down and poured herself a cup of tea.
Justice let his hand rest on her thigh again. He felt sparks shoot out from Dylan’s body. Looking over at the curve of her neck, he got a vision of loveliness. She stretched, he sighed.
Mr. Smythe got the vision and he knew he had to work quickly if he was to beat the vampire to claiming Dylan. Tonight was a full moon. He would cast his spell with the cup of tea Dylan had poured for herself. Picking the pot up he thought of the spell and silently brought it forth. May this lovely witchling by the light of the full moon, awake from slumber, fly to the grove and be mine. May I take what is hers to give only to me, her maidenhood be mine tonight by the light and with that her power.
“Here, let me top you off.” Before anyone could say anything he poured more into her cup. He saw her falter, as she was about to bring the cup to her lips.
Justice knew the snake was trying to cast a spell. He did his own casting. Goddess please protect Dylan and her innocence till such time we can come together, you know my heart is hers and I am hers to protect her.
Emma and Jane stood watching from the shadows of the kitchen. “I have never seen a reading such as that and with this Mr. Smythe, if he is the Dark One we are in for trouble.”
Jane pulled Emma to the far reaches of the kitchen. “Cast a binding spell”
Emma shook her head. “He’s too powerful, whoever he is. I have already tried. I can’t, but I can do one thing. Come with me.” She pulled Jane out of the kitchen and to the back stairs.
Dylan felt dizzy with the thoughts and emotions swirling around her. The sickening smell of death swirling around her nostrils made her want to vomit. The smell was getting worse. She would have all she could do to finish.
She took her cup and with her left hand swirled the contents of her cup around and hoped the reading was good. It would be a wonder what with what was going on. She inverted her cup and waited.
 Justice squeezed Dylan’s leg more in reassuring her of his presence. What returned to him were visions of her, him and a night of lovemaking.
“Now, you must let me try my hand at this cup, Miss Pendragon.” He gave her thigh another squeeze and then reached for her cup. Picking it up he saw symbols. It took him a minute, thanks be to the Goddess. He smiled.
“I see, now correct me if I am wrong, but there is an arrow and it’s pointing towards Mr. Smythe, now that’s interesting. That means you received a letter that was disagreeable from him. Now, why would he send you a letter if you have never met him before this?”
Mr. Smythe stuttered and moved about in his seat. “Well, we all know that’s not true, I would have no reason to send Miss Pendragon a letter.”
Justice smiled a bored smile. “Of course, we know we are just playing a parlor game, nothing serious here, but what do I see? This is an angel is it not Miss Pendragon?”
Dylan nodded, not daring to speak. She didn’t dare breathe, she thought she was really going to vomit.
Justice was enjoying provoking Mr. Smythe. “That means good news and especially in the near future because it’s near the top and the handle and it concerns love.” He took a breath and glanced over at Dylan. He could see and feel her mixed emotions. They were coming off her like waves on an ocean. “Ah, because you also have flowers and a very large swan near by, all pointing to love.”
Dylan felt fear, lust but a smidgen of hope for love, she had waited but had never thought love would come to her any more than her powers. Ninety years and a virgin, she saw her dragon off in the tree and then saw him fly towards the house.
“Thank you Mr. di Bagnoregio for that very entertaining reading, it was very interesting to say the least.”
Mr. Smythe pushed back his chair. “Yes, much food for thought I would say.” He took Mrs. Smythe’s hand. “Now dear you must take a nap if we are going to go out later and see the town. But I really want to walk to Chalice Hill, and then Tor. Wouldn’t you say that would be good places to start, Miss Pendragon?”
Dylan felt a chill sweep over her. Turning she saw Mr. Smythe’s aura get darker. “Justice.”
Justice saw it too. He may not be a witch but the beast in him picked up the aura quickly. “Don’t worry, I see it.”
Dylan snapped her finger and music came on. Good, relaxing classical music.
Looking directly at Mr. Smythe, it was like Mrs. Smythe no longer existed. “ Yes, that would be a good place to start. I hope your stay will be relaxing.”
Mr. Smythe stood. “I didn’t come here to relax but to capture the ambiance of the area. There is a certain power one wishes was his, I hope to capture that.”
Chapter 9

Dylan worked along side Justice putting together a picnic basket. “I really want to know why you go through all the trouble of eating when that’s not what keeps you going.”
Justice handed her the bottle of wine and the cheese. “As I aged, I became less dependent on blood. I still need to feed or go on a hunt, but my body works slower than a newly changed vampire. I do enjoy eating though.” He picked up the corkscrew and placed that in the basket alongside the other contents. “I can still really enjoy the taste of foods and though I get nothing out of it, it’s still a pleasurable experience if the food is good.”
Dylan looked in the basket and cooler and saw she had everything. Turning towards Justice, “OK, well I haven’t had much experience with vampires except for Bella. I never took the time to even think about it, until now.” She smiled at Justice. “Can you grab that blanket there?” She pointed over on the other counter.
Justice picked up the blanket. He felt Dylan’s nervousness rolling off her like waves on the beach during a storm. Walking up to her he gently, touched her arm. “Dylan?”
Dylan looked at the cool hand that rested on her arm then up into Justice’s face. She saw his eyes were still gold, but flecks of purple could be seen. She tried to swallow. She watched as his other hand came and captured her chin. Then his face swept down and he kissed her ever so softly. She stood up on her tiptoes and let her free hand go up and capture the back of his head, though she let him lead. This was her second kiss and she still didn’t know what to do. She felt the gentleness of his kiss but she wondered how a man or vampire like him could be so gentle. She tried to stand a bit taller but then felt her body pulled in and up against his hard body. Breaking the kiss she pulled away for a moment and looked up into his eyes. “I’ve only been kissed twice, both those times were by you.”
Justice smiled, knowing she was just like a skittish colt, he kept his kisses gentle, feathery and light. He brushed her lips with light kisses. Her body was tight with nerves. “I won’t bite.” He laughed at his own joke and felt her smile, heard her nervous little laugh. He felt her tiny hand pull herself in tighter around his neck and she kissed him back, hesitant at first then he heard her sigh as she pressed herself into him and her mouth opened in another wordless sigh. He took her lips and crushed a kiss on those lips that had begged all day to be kissed.
Not meaning to, her body answered his call. She didn’t know but somehow she did. She moaned and arched into him. She felt her body come alive and start to ignite to be touched by this vampire. She had thoughts and visions and wishes of his lips and hands doing things to her that she had only seen in one of her mother’s books.
Then he was kissing her chin and neck as she moaned again, her small hands moving, touching, pulling him in, gripping the back of his neck as he kissed her.
Dylan felt her body ignite when he brushed kisses on her neck. Something inside, some primeval need, desire took over. She and her mother had never talked about sex, this wasn’t something well-bred ladies talked about, especially witches. Though it seemed her mother always was quite comfortable in her own skin and sexuality.
She felt hot and felt with each of his kisses she was going to be more like lava, ready to catch on fire. She also felt her fingers sending sparks and, horror of horrors, she saw some shooting out as he kissed her.
Justice could feel her power, knew as he had surmised, her power was coming out with her sexual needs. His body long dormant became alive. He couldn’t get enough of her and had to rein himself in knowing she would never survive a vampire like him if he let himself go at this point. He would have to slow down. He kissed her face, letting kisses stray on her eyes, nose then those lips that were now a bruised red. They were pouty because she was pressing in, her little hands and fingers running through his short, cropped cut hair. He heard her sighs and moans of desire and desperation. But they had to stop for now.
“Dylan,” he said between kisses. “We have to stop for now, now is not the time.”
He almost laughed at the look on her face. “Darling, not now, not here, when it’s time, we will.”
Dylan let her face rest against his lips, felt him kiss her gently on the forehead. She smiled and then slid down off him. She could feel his erection. Looking down she saw his jeans were straining in an attempt to free what had grown. She looked up and saw Justice’s rueful smile.
“It’s been a very long time, we need to take baby steps or you may not survive this vampire.”
Dylan rested her face against his chest then looked up. “Why, what would happen? Would you feed off me or fuck me to oblivion?” She laughed at using that word that rarely crossed her lips.
Justice smiled. “You are so cute when you use vulgar language, but yes and no. It’s complicated for a vampire when they, um. I know you are for me, the Goddess gave you to me to be my mate. That happens, never. You are the first. We are joining creatures, not just warm bloods and vampires, but witches and vampires. You. dear Dylan. are a virgin. You would be making love not with a human but a vampire, a very old vampire, who, though I have the control for my age, I am still a vampire and with that, being a creature of not only the night, I am a creature who desires blood and sex. Sex and lots of it, when it has been a very long time.”
Dylan felt small and lost for a second. She let her face dip down. “So, it wouldn’t be special for you?”
Justice remembered the look of her eyes in the moon, the doe in the headlight eyes, filled with tears and how it just about ripped his heart out. How at that moment he saw her and her need to be protected first and foremost but also loved.
“No, I mean yes, it will be very special.” He caught her chin in his large hand. “That’s the key, darling Dylan, I want it to be very special, and since you are a virgin, I want to go slow. It doesn’t have to be tonight. Also I think with you losing your virginity, you will gain your powers. You have been singeing my hair the whole time we were kissing.”
Dylan looked up at Justice’s hair and saw some that were newly singed and patches that was growing out quickly. “Oh my God, I am so sorry.”
Justice caught her up and hugged her tight. “It’s OK, it’s fine.” He took and kissed her lightly on her quivering lips and then put her down on her feet. Taking her hands he kissed each fingertip “It’s fine, I’m fine. It’s been a very, very long time for me too, almost like I were a virgin vampire, actually I am. I took a vow of celibacy after my wife died. I was a fallen angel at that time. I was changed soon after. So you see, it will be something very special for the both of us. I have devoted my life as a warrior, I made no time for love or lovemaking.” Seeing the look Dylan gave  him made him smile.
“I am told vampires make very good lovers,” Dylan said in a whisper as she reached up and touched Justice’s lips. Sparks shot out from her fingertips. He kissed them.
“I don’t know if we’re any better. We do get our power from sex, so lovemaking is a way for us to survive in some ways. But, first thing is to get rid of Mr. Smythe.”
Dylan held onto Justice’s hand as she moved away from him. “What about Mrs. Smythe?”
Justice shook his head. “I don’t think she will be a problem, but should she be one, I will have witch for dinner.”
They both turned to the sound of the French door opening and Dylan’s dragon flying in followed by the dogs and Emma. 
Tân circled around Dylan and then landed on her outstretched arm, always careful to not hurt her with his talons. He sniffed at her and then turned his head in disgust. “You smell of that blood feeder, how repulsive.”
Justice laughed. “Get used to it dragon. I am here to stay and she is mine.”
“That remains to be seen vampire. If you stick it out fine. But the most important thing is to keep her safe, not your other thoughts.” Tân shook his body, “such repulsive thoughts.”
Justice smiled.

* * * * *

They placed their baskets down and then lay the large blanket down on the ground. With some adjusting they sat down.
“So tell me about this hill, Dylan.” Justice said.
Dylan had the bottle of wine in her hand. She handed it to Justice and grabbed the goblets and corkscrew.
“It’s here that they say Joseph of Arimathea started the first Christian church, but that would be old history to you.”
Justice uncorked the bottle and started pouring the wine. “I was in Italy at the time.”
Dylan smiled as Justice handed her some wine. “This area, all of this area, is steeped in so much spiritual activity. Not just us witches, and pagans, but the Christians have worshipped here for centuries. This hill is Wearyall Hill. You see it’s long and like a fishes back. There is the River Brue. When Joseph and his comrades landed it is said, he said ‘wearyall,’ like we are all weary.” She pointed to the tree. “It’s there he thrust his thorn staff from Palestine and on each Christmas it blooms. The Royal family always had blossoms from the thorn tree, well until recently when vandals hacked the tree. It took a couple years but it started to bloom again.” Dylan lay down and looked up into the blue sky. “The hawthorns also, that growth in Werall...”
Justice lay down next to her. “From The Life of St. Joseph. I’ve heard the poem, “Do burge and grene leave at Christmas as fresshe as others in May”...”
Dylan rolled closer to Justice. “You aren’t just a pretty face,” she bent and kissed him lightly. Pulling back she studied his face. “So remind me again, how long have you been without anyone?” She watched his face, his eyes were gold with emerald flecks but they started to turn a deep violet. She watched as his hand came up and gently with the back, brushed her face.
“Too long, my beautiful Dylan. We need to take care of the Dark One so we can spend time without worry.”
Dylan laid back down and looked at the clouds, saw her dragon doing a fly by and give a warning scream. She laughed. “When I was little on the coast of Cornwall in the summer, I ran free and wild. I would run as fast as my little legs could carry me. Mother was patient but the Aunts and cousins thought I should try harder. Mother said ‘in time my powers would come at the right time. With everything there was a season and hers will come soon enough.’ My mother is a free thinker and loves to travel so I am sure she and Uncle are on one of their adventures, safe and sound. She said I wouldn’t want to learn if she was always around.” Dylan pointed to the clouds forming overhead. “What do you see?”
Justice who had never relaxed all of his days on earth, felt like if this was to be his life, he was more than ready. He had spent enough time as a warrior. He wanted Dylan, her crazy life with a dragon, dogs and cats. He studied the clouds and didn’t see anything at first then saw a cat. “A cat.”
Dylan smiled then turned so she studied Justice’s face. “I used to run to the cliffs and climb over the edge. My dragon always found me. The eagles became used to us after a while and would drop meat at me like I was one of their young. Tân would fly by, screech at me like he is doing now.” She felt Justice’s hand on her chin. She took it in her hand and kissed it lightly. His hand was hard and calloused. She took his palm and studied it. “Funny you have no life line.”
Justice pulled Dylan on top of him and held her close. Kissing her head, then nudging her hair aside. “Because my life hasn’t started yet,” he said in a whisper against her ear.
They lay like that till the shadows grew. A wind started to sweep the hill. The sun had disappeared which brought a chill.
Dylan reluctantly rolled off Justice. “We should get back.” She sat up and started to gather the food and wine.
Justice took her hand. “Tonight I am not leaving you. We won’t make love but I am not leaving your side.”
Dylan tried to swallow. “Why wouldn’t we make love yet?”
Justice pulled her into him. “Because we need to take care of some things first and those things are get rid of the Smythes. That means I am to be with you every feasible minute of the day and night. If, after that, if you are not sick of me and still want me, then we have a date.” He smiled down at her. He watched as she pulled herself up on tiptoe and kissed him, not lightly but with more urgency. Letting her mouth open, she let her tongue taste him, really taste him. He heard her moan when his tongue played with hers. She pressed in tighter as his hand swept under her thin sweater. Her soft, silky skin burned his ice, cold hand. It was his turn to moan.
As he let his lips sweep her face he whispered, “I need to go witch hunting because I need you Dylan.”
Chapter 10

They were all in the kitchen when the chimes in the garden started to blow with a force that made them all take notice. The cats and dogs seemed to notice something was different.
Nero held his proud head up. “Something isn’t right, something is strange,” he said while looking up at the bloodfeeder. He noticed that the bloodfeeder named Justice, appeared to take note. Nero saw the bloodfeeder’s nostrils flare and a low menacing growl escape his lips.
“Do you sense it?”
Justice looked down at Nero the wolfhound. “Yes.”
Tân paced back and forth on the counter. Blowing puffs of smoke from his mouth.
“I say we take them out now, before they have a chance to get at Dylan.”
They all turned to Jane running in the kitchen. “They are gone, their rooms are empty. I flew over the countryside but there is no trace of them.”
Justice looked over at Emma. “How many family members are there in this area of yours?”
Emma shook her head and flipped open her phone. “None, but plenty in our coven who are just like family. I will call them to come. Safety and strength in numbers.” 
Justice could hear Emma calling people as he walked over to Dylan who stood looking out the big window facing the garden. Wrapping his arms around her he kissed the top of her head. “It will be okay.” He felt Dylan breath in deep. At first he could barely hear her. With his acute hearing he was surprised how soft her voice was, barely above a whisper.
“I don’t have a good feeling about tonight.” She looked down at her fingers. “See my magic is not even working, what little I have. I couldn’t defend myself even if I tried.”
Justice held Dylan tight. “I’m not leaving your side. If I can get a hold of him I will take care of him. I probably should have before this, knowing who he is. But if I can get him, lay hold of him before he changes again then we have a fighting chance.”
Dylan turned in Justice’s arms and looked up into his face. “Please promise me should anything happen to me you will take care of my dragon, Nero and Max.”
Justice felt like he had been dealt a deathblow. “Nothing will happen to you. The Goddess gave you to me, she will protect you, even if I can’t fight witchcraft. Remember I am with you always.” He bent and caught her lips. He tasted her tears, tasted her fear. He was trying to be gentle with her, kissing her, feeling and hearing her thoughts.
What if the Dark One takes me and is able to...
Justice knew her last thought. He let out a growl and slammed his fist down on the nearest counter. “Never!” He heard Dylan gasp and looking down saw he had just about squeezed the life out of her.
Letting go of her he took a step back. “I am truly sorry Dylan.” He saw her move her arms and hands. Her color started to return to normal. “Don’t you see, with what is going on, I am too volatile to make love?”
Dylan shook her head. “It only shows me you are very serious about protecting me.” She moved in and placed a soft kiss on his lips. “Don’t worry, I’m not.” She tried to laugh, it sounded more like a croak. “If you squeeze me to death you can change me.” She turned so all could see her. She touched her dragon’s head. “Do you hear me Tân, he has my permission to change me. I don’t want to go to the other side.”
Tân could feel the fire building up in his chest. “If you wish but it won’t come to that.” He didn’t feel any better about tonight than Nero or the bloodfeeder. This one time he was in agreement with that creature of the night.
Emma looked up from her phone that she had placed on the counter. “Many have answered the call. We will have an army of witches. We will be stationed inside and outside.”
Justice took Dylan’s hand. “Then let’s make this like any other night of battle.”

* * * * *

Dylan lay in Justice’s arms, her back towards his chest. She had slept a bit, but she didn’t want him to worry so she lay perfectly still. She let her gaze fall on the moon outside her window. The trees were blowing like it was a storm but the sky was clear, except for the few stray clouds that kept flying over the moon. She sighed. Watching the moon gave her comfort. She felt Justice move a bit but his arms were like bands of steel around her. She felt his cool breath against her hair. She smiled. She would be fine. She fell back into a dreamless slumber comforted in the fact she was loved and the moon watched over her.

* * * * *

Justice jumped up. How had he fallen into a slumber? He saw Dylan wasn’t in the room. He ran to the bathroom, she wasn’t there. He felt a breeze and saw the window open. Out on the branches of one of the trees, Dylan stood perched, her arms open wide to the moon. She was chanting something he couldn’t understand. Then as he stood there she took off her clothes, throwing them to the wind then she jumped.
“NO! Justice screamed. He jumped out the window onto the sill and looking down saw nothing. She was gone.

* * * * *

Tân heard the bloodfeeder’s scream. He let go a screech and flew from his perch in the hall. He almost ran into Emma and some of the other witches from the coven who came running in from the garden.
“We fell asleep, The Dark One cast a slumber spell on us,” they barely got the words out when Justice came running down the stairs.
“She’s gone and we can’t lose time.” As he ran out he yelled back, “what does it mean when a witch takes off their clothes, spreads their arms wide at the moon, chants something in an ancient language I don’t even know and jumps from a tree?”
Emma pushed past the other witches to the back yard. Looking up she saw Dylan’s clothes hanging on the limbs of the tree. “He is going to take her tonight. Tân, Justice, you two are the fastest, go, we are behind you.”

* * * * *

Tân flew over the bloodfeeder, who ran like the hounds of hell were at his heels. They were, in fact, because Nero and his pack ran close behind him.
 Tân saw the grove and swooped down amongst the trees, he didn’t see or sense anything so he flew on. He was making a circle of The Tor when he saw movement. Coming up the side was The Dark One and behind him was the woman wearing a white gown, her long hair almost touching the ground. She looked up and Tân thought how much she looked like the walking dead. Where her eyes should be looked empty. Then he saw her point up to him.
Justice ran and felt the hot breath of the hounds behind him as they ran through the grove of trees. It was there the dogs fanned out and met up on the other side.
“We will go to Tor, hounds. If you can get The Dark One that is fine but he is mine to kill,” Justice yelled as he ran.
Tân stopped and landed at the base of Tor. The bloodfeeder and the hounds came to stop behind him. He heard the witches with Emma and Jane land behind him also. Turning he saw everyone’s eyes transfixed on the spectacle at the top.

* * * * *

The Dark One had an alter built, on it lay Dylan. Her lovely, naked body shown like a jewel in the night. He would have her here. With the act would come her power and with that he would become the most powerful sorcerer ever, he would descend to the depths of the earth with his bride and she would be his slave forever to serve him. Powerless.

* * * * *

 “What do we do?” Emma asked.
Justice glanced over at her. “Do you have a spell to slow him down?”
Emma looked at her other witches. She nodded. “It might work, but only for a bit. We don’t have the power to stop him but if you can get to him it might be enough.”
Justice looked at Dylan’s dragon. “Can I count on you?”
Tân nodded. “To the death.”
Justice looked down at Nero. “What about you my old friend?”
“Yes.”
“Then let’s go.”
They ran up the side. The Dragon perched on Justice’s shoulder till the last minute when he flew off to dive bombed The Dark One, throwing balls of fire.
The Dark One screamed, “Get them, slow them down, you witless creature.”
The woman turned at the sound of the screeching. She saw the vampire coming very fast. She threw out her hands and with what little bit of power she had she left, she hit him.
Justice felt the force hit him, it sent him flying, throwing him off his feet but not for long. He was up and running full force hitting her and throwing her to the ground. Before he went to take her neck he saw her eyes. They came to life and with that she spoke in a horse whisper.
“Please release my soul, and kill him.”
“Your will is my command,” His fangs elongated and sank into her white neck, ripping it wide open.
The Dark One saw out of the corner of his eye the remaining moments of his partner and her feeble struggle to fight. He turned at the sound of the screeching dragon who had been throwing fire balls at him. He threw his hands out in the air and saw the dragon go flying back, hitting the side of Tor.
Emma and her coven came up as close as they dared and started to chant. “Daughter of Morgan, Never to the Dark, always to the light, never to the dark, always to the light.” They started to run until they got to the speed and they lifted off the ground.
The Dark One could feel the force of all the witches. Pushing himself up on Dylan’s body. She had started to raise her head, looking around wildly. He lifted up his robe, about to enter her. She raised her hands and screamed “NO!” The force of her scream added with the chanting of the witches started a whirlwind.
Dylan’s head started to clear. She opened her eyes and there above her was The Dark One. He had lifted his robe and she saw what he was about to do as he spread her legs apart. She screamed. “Never to the dark, always to the light.” Her voice gaining volume along with the others as she started to rise up off the alter. She could feel herself going into a whirlwind and knew she would have to stop it if she was to survive. 
She looked up at her attacker. He was bent back with the force of the wind. She knew the power from all her witches wouldn’t last for long. She threw her hands out into the air and with that, fire shot from her fingertips. “Be gone forever Dark One. Never return. Go to where you came from, burn forever in the unquenchable fires below.”
She felt the speed of the whirlwind increase, she tried fighting it to escape but if she didn’t she would go with the Dark One to the bottomless pit, never to return. She tried to glance down and saw Justice stand with the broken body of Tân. At that moment Justice looked up. She reached for him through the wind. She tried reaching her hands out to throw herself out but didn’t have the strength. She threw her hands up straight hoping she could fly out. She couldn’t, she was stuck and with that she would perish.
Justice held the dragon and felt the limp form. “I will take care of you after.”
He would bury the noble dragon himself. Looking up he saw Dylan reaching and try to escape her confinement of the whirlwind. Turning he saw Emma come running by him. “Stop the spell so that Dylan can escape then I can get the Dark One.” He yelled.
Emma screamed “STOP!”
All the chanting stopped. Justice stood waiting for the wind to stop. It continued and Justice saw Dylan reach for him one more time. Justice jumped and threw himself at the whirlwind hoping against hope he would be able to catch her through the wind. He saw his Dylan’s eyes. Tears spilled from them and he saw her mouth his name and as he landed back on the ground there was an explosion and she was gone.
Emma and the witches came running up to him as he landed. The animals came to a stop next to him and the body of the dragon.
“What happened?” they all asked at once. Justice jumped up and sprang on top of the alter. Nothing was there, only the scent of Dylan and the sickening stench of the Dark One was left behind.
He dropped to his knees and let out a scream of agony, raising his arms to the moon, as if beseeching someone in the night sky. He howled with sadness and rage.
Epilogue

Justice carried the body of Dylan’s beloved dragon, Tân, back to her home, placing him carefully on the dining room table. Nero jumped up and placed his paws on either side of the dragon. He looked down at his old friend then up to Justice, then he let out a howl. Then taking his nose he kept snuffing at him and licking him in turn. 
Justice, who hadn’t been fond of the dragon at first, felt emptiness because he didn’t know where Dylan was but her beloved dragon was now dead. Nero kept up howling which made all the hounds join in the chorus. Then the cats started up. Justice covered his ears and turned away from the tragic scene before him.
Jane lit candles. Some of the other witches started going through some of Dylan’s old books. Justice turned to what Emma said. “There has to be something here to bring him back. If we can bring him back, we stand a fighting chance. He will know how to get to the depths.”
Justice let the witches work. He went and pushing pillows off the couch sat down. Laying his head back he felt every bit of his almost seven thousand years. This was why he had stayed away from females for all these years. He had hurt so badly when his wife had died. Now he’d just lost the one the Goddess given him. They hadn’t even mated and his whole body felt like it had been ripped apart. Now she was gone, but where was the question?
He heard the women working over the dragon. Some making up potions, some looking up spells. One running to see where the moon was located in the sky.
Justice stood up. “I’m going up to Dylan’s room.” He didn’t wait for anyone to say anything. Walking up the stairs, turning the corner, saw her door on the left of the hallway, half off its hinge. The way he had left it when he ran out. Going in, he stood still. Closing his eyes he took a deep breath and took in Dylan’s floral scent. She didn’t wear perfume, it was all her. She was surrounded by flowers and light. Even he as a vampire saw the aura that had surrounded her. Now she was gone. Justice went to her balcony and walking out stood, looking up at the moon that had traveled in the sky since the whole catastrophe. He knew he didn’t need the moon to talk to the Goddess but it had worked once, why not now.
“Why?” He yelled to the moon. Waiting he then screamed again. “WHY?” He stood there waiting and then he knew she had promised him Dylan, she would be his. Then he heard the Goddess voice crystal clear. Know I need you more than you need me Justice. She is here, just have faith, have faith and so it will be. Blessed be the man and woman who have faith, you have just started living, dear Justice. Have faith. 
Justice stood, standing still, looking up. He then raised his hands to the moon, standing perfectly still, waiting, listening for a word from the Goddess.
“I’m so scared. Yes, scared.”
Heard the whisper, so Justice stood still, trying to pick up the voice again. He was afraid he would miss it.
“Justice, can you hear me?”
Justice then knew it was Dylan. “I can hear you? Do you know where you are?” He spoke to the room but knew somehow Dylan could see him.
“Annwn, Gwyn ap Nudd is here. I am so afraid. I am powerless. Gwyn won’t let the Dark One touch me. He says I am royalty and must not be touched till such time.”
Justice couldn’t believe it. “How can you see me?”
“They left me in a room, there is a looking glass and it opened up for me. Justice please find me.”
Justice fell to his knees. “On my honor I will find you and bring you home. Tell me the best place to look for an entrance because I will get reinforcements.” He heard Dylan laugh.
“Are you bringing more vampires?”
Justice smiled. “If I must, to get back what is mine, what the Goddess gave to me. So, you can see me?”
“Yes, I see you. I miss you, your strength, your presence, I never thought I would say that.”
Justice let his head go down. He, who was older than the dawn of mankind, who had been around for eons before the creation of humans and this present earth felt very small. He needed to feel complete again. The only time he had ever felt complete had been with his first wife, who he had loved with every fiber of his being and then when he was in battle. Then the Goddess gave him Dylan and he had found his purpose, the one he wanted to give his heart to.
“I pledge you myself and my heart, Dylan, that I will get you back.”
“I believe you. Oh no, someone comes.” 
Justice listened in vain for something more but nothing.
Before getting up he bowed toward the moon. “Thanks be to you Goddess.”
Remember Justice I never give a gift such as Dylan then take it away, that is not me. You will have love and a long life with each other. This is just a bump in the road, as the humans say.
Justice looked up towards the moon. “Thank you.”
Justice got up on his feet. He walked to Dylan’s bookcase and started looking at her eclectic mix of books. She had everything from first edition copies of Jane Austen to memoirs, spell books and then tucked in the end almost hidden was a very old book. He pulled it out. What he saw astonished him. There in his hands was a very old, very much loved edition of the Kama Sutra. On the inside cover it had written in neat, flowing cursive handwriting, Rose Pendragon, 1865.
He was still standing there when he was jarred out of his study of the book. He heard a clearing of a throat, turning there stood Emma and on her shoulder was Tân.
“I thought you were dead?” Justice said to the dragon.
The dragon was still a bit shaken from his ordeal but he could feel the fire building up in his chest. “No, only slightly dead. The witches were running helter skelter trying to find a way to bring me back and I was just taking a pleasant snooze.”
Emma laughed. “Yes, a pleasant snooze, if that’s what you want to call it.”
Emma walked up to Justice. “You see, Nero was beside himself and didn’t quit with the licking and howling. He must have seen some kind of movement because he gave a big woof and next thing I hear was a feeble screech.”
“Feeble screech? If I was trying to screech I would have. That was a yawn. The blasted hound kept getting me wet with that tongue of his. It is a wonder I don’t catch my death of cold getting so wet from his slobber.”
Justice smiled and held out his hand. The dragon looked at his hand then hopped onto the new perch.
Justice placed his hand to his shoulder and Tân jumped onto it. Justice placed the book back, promising himself a closer study of the book later when time allowed and when he got Dylan back.
Turning, Justice saw Emma smiling. “Rose was known for her many lovers down through the years. She was born during the turmoil of the English Civil War.”
Justice was still thinking about that little volume but he had more pressing matters than sex at the moment.
“Tân, how would we go about finding a way to Annwn? That is where Dylan thinks she is. She said she saw Gwun ap Nudd.”
“Tân is from Annwn and if anyone can get there he is the one. It’s going take a spell because you being a bloodfeeder are not allowed there.”
Justice was sure he could get the help of the Goddess. “I will handle that. She said Gwyn was protecting her until such time.”
“We have Jane checking the moon phase. There will be a better time for us to go down to the depths. The entrance is at the White Spring.”
Justice felt like they might just get Dylan back. Either that or he was going there forever to be with her there, even if vampires weren’t allowed.

Later he sat in Dylan’s room after everyone had left. He could see the sun getting ready to rise. He had left the French doors open and he had sat with one of Dylan’s scarves’ wrapped around his neck so he could breath in her scent. The old leather bound edition of the Kama Sutra lay open on his lap. He sat, very still, silence surrounded him and Dylan’s scent swirled around his nose. He would get her back and she would be his, The Goddess had promised him.

The End
Excerpt from “Her Protector”- coming January 10th, 2015

Colum reached for his cell phone and picked up the phone on the second ring. “Hello,” he felt Katherine snuggle closer to his body. He reached and squeezed her ass, then heard her purr, which put a smile on his face. Then he heard his father say ‘we need to mobilize.’
“Is it to do with Justice?”

Cormac was pulling things together. He saw Elsabet putting a small travel bag together. “Yes, we will need everyone who isn’t pregnant or overseas at this moment to meet me in London in two days time. Justice will be there at his new Belgrave Square home. We will make plans, then travel to Glastonbury or Cornwall.”
Colum knew if the Goddess decreed this, it was something of importance. It would also seal witches and vampires together. He knew after the whole Madison Smith deal there would come a time they would have to work together.
“OK, we will see you in London day after tomorrow.” 
Colum hung up and lay there for a moment and knew the time had come that the two species would become one. They needed new blood and maybe with this it would bring more naturally born vampires.
Katherine stirred. She could tell Colum was thinking. Pulling herself up she saw her beloved and knew it was serious. “What is it, Luv?”
Colum pulled Katherine up on top of him. “We go to London day after tomorrow. Justice needs help getting his witchling back.” 
“Well, if it’s for Justice, it must be serious.”
Colum nodded his head. “Serious enough the Goddess has given Justice this witchling.”
Katherine lay her body down on top of Colum’s She felt his hands massage her body, felt his kisses on top of her head. The fire built inside of her. She needed her husband. She rolled onto her back and pulled him on top of her. “Make love to me Colum.”
Colum purred “Anything for you, my beloved wife. Tomorrow will come and we will get ready but now is our time.” He said as he met Katherine’s lips in a kiss.

* * * * *

Emma had seen Justice to his room. He had told her he had some books to go over and would be down later to help her with anything she needed.
As Emma came down the grand staircase she saw a vampire standing at the bottom. She would have known him anywhere, here stood Brent’s twin brother Justin. Brent had warned her he was more volatile then himself. Great, a vampire who is a handful. Well, I have Justice if he gets out of hand. She figured be upfront and natural.
 Walking down the stairs the rest of the way she walked up within arms reach. “Hello, my name is Emma and you must be Justin O’Hara?”
She watched as he sniffed the air and then a wicked grin spread over his face. At least she thought it was wicked.
“Well, a witch all by herself. Aren’t you afraid of being in the same area with a vampire, like me?” With each word he stepped closer to her until he stood over her grinning down at her.
Emma was small but her size was never a disadvantage. She smiled back up to him and felt the current running through her body. She raised her hands and with that brought Justin off the ground. “No, I should warn you I am just fine all by myself. Even with a vampire who thinks too highly of himself.” She brought her hands down and with that Justin came slamming down on his feet. He stood less than an inch from her face. When he grinned this time she saw his fangs as he grinned down at her. “You still don’t scare me vampire, because my friend Justice is right at the top of the stairs and if anything happens to me he will rip you limb from limb.” She stood watching Justin looking down at her. She felt his cold breath on her face. Like a blast from a freezer or being up in the Artic but it scorched her through. She felt hot all of a sudden and a strange yearning was taking over her body.
She watched his eyes, saw them change to a dark purple, almost a black. She felt a current running between them. She knew she could send him flying with a flick from her finger, never mind her arm. She brought her arm up, only to move her hair but he grabbed her wrist. Emma suddenly heard a deadly growl in her ear and it wasn’t from Justin it was from Justice who must have moved even quicker than even she thought he would move.
“Justin, Brother, I wouldn’t lay a hand on this witch unless you are wanting to go to the Goddess today for eternity. I am sure she will find something very amusing for you to do for that time and then something else. So, if you lay so much as a finger, never mind a hand, on this witch, unless she welcomes it.” His voice barely above a whisper. “I will dispatch you with such urgency to the Goddess, you will not know what hit you. Do you understand me?”
Justin growled. He never let his eyes leave the witch’s face As he moved his hold on her wrist to her hand and placed a light kiss on her knuckles. The grin remained on his face. “You have both mistaken my intent and motive, to grab the lovely witch Emma’s hand. My only intent was to kiss her hand.” He did so again.
Then Justin glanced up into Justice’s face. Saw the warning look of the far larger and more superior vampire. The one who was the former King’s right hand man, the one who was said could take out a nest of terrorists in a minute, who had been on the Crusades and many other famous wars and battles.
He bowed his head in submission to Justice but still held Emma’s hand. “Please forgive me, I never meant any harm, only to have some fun.”
Justice came down to the bottom stair and wrapped a protective arm around Emma and continued to study the young vampire who he considered a baby, a young pup.
“Just remember this week is sanctioned by the Goddess and our King and former King. We are here to work together with our two species and to get back what is mine.” Then Justice clasped Justin on the on the shoulder.
Emma was used to Justice, really liked him and was glad he was on her side when it came to getting Dylan back. Dylan would have a knight in shinning armor daily doing battle for her for the rest of her days.
She gave Justice a sisterly hug and then taking her hand out of Justin’s hold she gave a little laugh. “Well, I’d say we will have a very interesting week ahead of us if this is any indicator.”
Justice smiled down at Emma. “I will take care of bonehead here. Why don’t you make some tea? I am sure Justin could use a cup of tea.”
Justin grimaced. “I was thinking more of a shot of something.”
Justice pulled Justin up the grand staircase. “We will only be a few minutes Emma. I will send Dylan’s dragon down, too.”
Emma stood watching as the two vampires walked up the stairs. “Tell Tân he is not to mope. Nothing gets done with moping around.”
Justin threw his suitcase down on the bed in the room Justice had said was his. He heard Justice pacing but chose to ignore it.
“What the hell was that all about? Do you realize we need the witches and if I am to get my future mate back. I don’t need a bonehead like you acting like an asshole.”
Justin continued to ignore the bigger, older vampire.
Justice could see he was probably going to have to beat the living crap out of this stupid pup. “You don’t realize how close you are coming to a thrashing.” He whipped around, glaring at the young vampire.
Justin smiled up at Justice. “Pound for pound I would probably go the distance with you, Justice. I would welcome it. Since I too have no release for my anger at the minute.”
Justice knew there must be a cause. Vampires like three things. The top two were blood and sex, and if they couldn’t have or didn’t need one they loved to fight or go to battle. “Well, let me guess, you haven’t seen a battle in a while. You either need a good battle, a fight or sex. You seem to be spoiling for a fight. Would that take care of things?”
Justin glanced out the window that looked out on the front lawns that led to the sea. “I lost my mate. Well, at least she said she didn’t want to settle down. She is happy with the ‘let’s party, have lots of drug infused sex and go on feeding sprees’.”
Justice had heard the rumors that Justin’s Russian princess was partying a bit too much. Neither Colum nor Cormac allowed drugs in their ranks so he knew it wasn’t Justin doing it but his mate was, and a lot.
“I’m sorry Brother, maybe it’s better this way.”
“Yeah, she said we needed time apart but I know I will never see her again. I really thought she was the real thing.”
Justice came up to the younger vampire. “You each took the other’s blood?”
Justin nodded.
“Did her blood sing on your lips?” Justice watched Justin and could tell he was thinking. “No, it didn’t. Why?”
Justice clasped Justin on the shoulder. “You are better off without her. You need someone who will support you and compliment you, not destroy you. Her blood not singing on your lips is an indicator she or he isn’t the one. You would be wasting both your time staying together.”
“Yeah man I know, it’s just hard. At first it was great, but she got back into the stuff she was doing before she was changed. Eventually, I will find someone. But in the mean time I am going to go slow. I want to settle down, not party all my life. I would be happy just doing contract work instead of going to battle all the time.”
Justice knew what he meant. He had instantly found his life and how he wanted it when he found Dylan. Yes, once he got Dylan, his witchling, back he would be a very happy country farmer or some such nonsense.
“I understand Brother, just don’t go harassing the witches. We really need one another.”
Justin wrapped an arm around Justice’s shoulder. “Yeah, yeah, just don’t expect me to be all fucking prim and frigging proper all week. I hope there are some horses here I can ride and how about a pool table?”
Justice smiled at his brother in arms. “There is that and more. Just wait till the week gets started.
Coming Soon


“Emma Brewster: Too Hot to Handle” 
October 25, 2014
Romantic Comedy

“Her Protector”
January 10, 2015
Paranormal Romance

Re-Issue: The Kings of Angkor
March 7, 2015
Romance, Contemporary, Time-Travel, Historical

“The Lioness”
May 9, 2015
Romantic Suspense

