



The 
Phoenix
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: K.L. Lawson
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright © 2009-2019 K.L. Lawson
All rights reserved.
BISAC: Fiction / Romance / Suspense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This book is dedicated to the adventurous and rebellious souls that got me here. Fly high.
 

 
Prologue
The hallway of the school’s west wing was silent and dark as Alex Stone walked past the busy classrooms. He shivered as he buttoned his heavy trench coat. It wasn’t any cooler than usual either inside or outside the school. It was the uncertainty of what lied ahead that made him so frigid yet numb all at the same time.
“Hey Al, where are you running off to?”
Alex turned hesitantly as his best friend Angus walked over to him. “Aren’t you going to archery?” he asked.
“Not today.” he replied while tucking his ponytail up into a beanie. “I’m needed for something else.”
“Another mission? Damn they love you.” he muttered.
“I suppose.” Alex shrugged.
“Think you could get me in on some of that action? I’m so ready to bring down more assholes.”
“It’s not like that Angus.” Alex sighed. “They choose who goes, it’s all based on what you’re good at.”
“Well, you seem to be good at everything.” 
“There are times I wish I wasn’t.” he replied. Angus only shook his head in confusion.
“Whatever man, I gotta go. I want to hear all about it when you get back.” He yelled as he ran off to the back courtyard. Alex continued at a slow pace to the front entrance.
He walked outside to the limo sitting in front of the school waiting for him. A driver opened the door while Alex climbed inside.
“Ah see, there he is. Nothing to worry about.” Vance smiled while Alex settled in his seat.
“We were afraid you would back out.” Renier said from the seat across from him.
“No, sir.”
“This one will be quick and painless son, I promise. Just like the others.” Renier explained while Alex stared out the window in silence. He wasn’t interested in hearing the details, he was ready for it to be over.
“Would you like to see the file?”
“No.” he replied abruptly, then paused when he realized he’d interrupted his superior. “No sir. I’d rather not.”
“It’s no different from all the rest Alexander, really.” Vance chimed in hoping to put the teenager’s mind at ease before the dreaded task ahead of him.
“So, he’s a murderer?”
“Well, no.” Vance replied.
“A rapist? Child molester?”
“He’s a bad person and a threat to the academy.” Renier answered as the limo came to a stop outside an old abandoned building. “A threat to all of you boys. Your friends.” He added as Alex stepped out of the vehicle and peered up at the building.
“Their future depends on you getting this job done. Understood?”
Alex nodded. He didn‘t understand everything about the job, but he also knew it wouldn‘t do him any good to object.
They walked up the dimly lit stairway and headed into an empty room. A large sniper rifle sat at the window.
“The target arrives at the bus stop at approximately 9:45 each morning.” Vance explained the details as Alex looked over the gun. “He’s been there every morning for the past week like clockwork. There are rarely any others around at the time, so you won’t have that to worry about.”
“Right.” Alex said while looking through the scope at the lonely streets below. Fortunately, Vance was right about there not being many people around.
“How will I know it’s him?”
“Brown trench coat, gray cap. He’s always wearing it.”
Alex took a step back and sighed as he watched the clock get closer 9:45. “What exactly has he done wrong?”
“It’s not what he has done, it’s what he will do if we don‘t stop him that’s the issue.” Renier told him.
“So, he’s innocent? I mean, you have no proof he will do something wrong.”
“We know that he will, he’s already made his threats.”
“What are you so concerned about Alex? You’ve always complied with us before.” Vance asked.
Alex hesitated as he stared out the window once again at the street below. “Yes, but all the times before the target was guilty, only they never received justice. The man that murdered that little girl, the drunk driver that killed those parents and left their kids as orphans, they were guilty. I didn’t have a problem with that. With this, he could redeem himself. Maybe you should do things differently, bring him in. Talk to him face to face.”
Renier scratched his forehead, trying to come up with a way to get Alex to see their point of view would not be easy. The young man in front of them was the best solider they had, but he was also one of the most honorable. Vance and Renier viewed Alex’s honor as a flaw.
“Son, we’ve worked with this man for many years, we know he’s a man of his word and if he intends on bringing down the entire school, everything we have worked for, he will do it.” Renier told him.
“He’s right, we should do this and do it quickly. This is the only way.” Vance chimed in.
“But it’s not the only way.” Alex said back in anger. He was forgetting his place and was about to learn just how merciless his leaders could be.
Renier walked over and pushed Alex against the wall, holding the young boy in place by the collar of his shirt. “You’re out of line you little bastard. Don’t forget where we have brought you from or we’ll send you back to the dark ditches of London that you crawled out of.”
“Renier.” Vance attempted to calm his partner down, but his efforts fell short as the larger and more aggressive of the two stayed focus on Alex.
“I assigned you this task because you‘re the only one with the skills to pull it off. You will complete the job solider.“
To his surprise, Alex wasn’t backing down. Not yet. “And if I don’t?”
“Angus will pay for it. Again. Maybe he won’t survive this time. Maybe we’ll take out more while we’re at it. Clear out the dead weight. Jetson, Julian, his parents already believe he‘s dead, no one would even notice…” The older man laughed evilly once he saw he had Alex exactly where he wanted him. “That’s what I thought.”
Vance spoke up as Renier backed away. “It’s about time Alex. He’s arriving just now.”
Alex looked through the scope once again. His target was in clear sight. No one else was around. It would be over within seconds. But something kept holding him back.
“You’ve got the perfect shot.” Renier shouted. “Take him out.”
“I can’t…”
The older man lunged forward grabbing Alex by the hair with one hand, holding a gun to his head in the other. “Now Alex.”
“Go on and shoot me, I really don’t care.” Alex replied.
“But you care about what happens to your friends, don’t you? Do it.” Renier said letting go of the boy’s hair but keeping the gun firmly in place at the back of his head. “Now.”
Alex blinked to focus through the tears forming in his eyes as he pulled the trigger. He was right. It only took a few seconds to complete. The target took a gunshot to the head and was now lying on the sidewalk in a puddle of blood. Pedestrians were slowly heading his way. The authorities would arrive soon, so they had to leave quickly.
Alex turned to look one last time at the empty room as Renier was shouting for him to come with them. But He wasn’t listening. He was too busy thinking about how he had just made the biggest mistake of his life. Only, he didn‘t fully understand at the time how big of a mistake it would be.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Chapter One
 
 
 
It was four a.m. and Alex had barely slept. He stared up at his motionless ceiling fan that he turned it off during the night, hoping to make the chill leave the room. But it wasn’t the temperature of his apartment that made him feel so cold inside. 
 
His gaze fell to the clock on the wall, the rhythmic tic sound coming from it was almost deafening to him. Any other night he wouldn’t have noticed it at all. But this was the night before a new job. One he wasn‘t looking forward to starting. Tiredly he stared over at the alarm clock sitting on his nightstand.
 
“Why do I have two clocks in the same room?” He muttered to himself in annoyance. 
 
The red digital numbers glared back at him as if they were mocking his lack of sleep. He turned from it in anger to get at least a few minutes of rest.
 
But it was hopeless. Every time he closed his eyes the negative thoughts flooded his mind. He tried pushing them away, thinking about something else; listening to the radio… nothing was helping. 
 
He finally sat up and dragged himself out of the king-sized bed, letting the sheets fall to a crumpled mess in the floor. Alex wiped his eyes as he stumbled across the room toward the adjoining bathroom to take a shower. 
 
“May as well prepare for your demise.” He yawned. “And now I’m sleepy.” He grumbled at the irony gods as he threw back the curtain. 
 
The nights had been restless ever since he had gotten the call for his newest assignment. Alex worked as a police detective for the NYPD. But that was only his day job. 
His past training provided him with skills that surpassed his police duties. Alex could easily bring down someone twice his size, he was a technology expert and a master at investigating. His knowledge of using various types of weapons combined with his fighting skills made it easy for him to take justice into his own hands. 
Alex would take on these assignments from time to time, ever since he had moved to the United States from London when he was just seventeen. His main objective was to help the innocent, those victimized by criminals who had fell through the cracks of the justice system. He never showed any remorse for protecting the innocent. In a way, taking on these assignments helped him cope with the past mistakes that he had made. Plus, there was the added advantage of the money involved. 
This latest job had him worried more than usual, and for a good reason. This time he wasn’t going to just be working for a lump sum. He was working to keep his freedom and eliminate a consistent thorn in his side that had been around since his childhood. 
 
The shower seemed to help refresh his mind; he stepped out absolutely freezing and quickly put on his clothes. He filled up the sink with water to shave and halted as if frozen by the image he saw. Staring ahead at the person in the mirror. A pair of dark eyes stared back at him. They were full of guilt, concern, and deeply troubled.
 
Tiredly he ran his hand over his face, setting aside the disturbing thoughts that haunted him every day. If only he could go back and change what he had done. Maybe he would at least eliminate those recurring sleepless nights. 
 
“I didn’t have a choice.” He reminded himself, hitting the razor against the side of the sink to clean away the shaving cream. 
 
After cleaning up the sink, Alex walked into his bedroom and pulled his already packed luggage from his closet. He lowered the blinds down hiding the panoramic view from his penthouse and grabbed his badge from the dresser on his way out. He sat the bags down at the door and went to get his phone from the kitchen counter when it rang.
 
“Yeah, I’m heading out the door.” He leaned against the cool marble counter while listening to instruction, almost falling asleep. He stood back up once his eyelids drooped and walked over to the large stainless-steel refrigerator, grabbing a cold drink.
 
“As if you had to remind me.” His reply was cold while he kicked the door shut with his foot. Alex dug around the silverware drawer until he found the bottle opener, purposely clinging utensils together to annoy the person talking. “Hold on there, mate.” He replied angrily, slamming the drink against the counter.
 
“I’m not bloody working for you, I’m not doing you any damn favors, and you are definitely…” he added a hint of laughter. “… not my boss. I’m doing this for my benefit. If you don’t hold up your end of the bargain…” he took a long drink while the other person interrupted.
 
“I’ll call when I get there, don’t bother calling me back.” He warned hanging up the phone. Alex took one last look around his lonely apartment. He had lived there for several years and still was a stranger to everyone else in the building. He had no friends that lived close by, hardly any acquaintances. No one knew when he left, and no one was ever there to greet him when he returned home. 
Living alone was nothing new to him. He had grown adjusted to it over the years. He found it comforting. As if by not loving anyone, he couldn’t possibly cause himself or anyone else any pain.
 
 
 
 
 

A few hours later and several miles away, Monday morning was starting off hectic at police headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee. 
 
“Get me all the files on the Witter case Ricky.” Darryl Jones, chief of police, instructed another officer. “I need that on my desk… don’t tell me you can’t find it!” 
 
“Darryl…” 
 
He stopped yelling out commands when another officer stepped in his way. He gave her a look to remind her that even though they were family that didn’t give her the right to call him by his first name. At least not while at the station. 
 
Clearing her throat. “Uh—Chief….” Officer Maddie Conley smiled back as she took on a more professional tone. Darryl was clearly not amused.
 
“We got another fax in regarding the Montgomery-Lewis case.” She handed him the paper and followed him into the office. 
 
“Close the door.” He mumbled while studying the fax.
 
Maddie quietly shut the door and looked around the familiar office. In the middle of the room sat his untidy desk, strewn over with papers and folders. she looked over and frowned at the lonely, dying houseplant sitting in the corner. 
 
“What are you even doing here this morning Maddie?” he asked while tiredly looking over the paper before him. She looked back at him strangely. 
 
“What are you talking about?” she laughed. “I work here don’t I?” 
 
“Yes, but didn’t I give you the day off?” 
 
“I had nothing better to do.” She shrugged as he raised an eyebrow at her, peering over his paperwork. “And Jay is here too so…” 
 
“Jay is here because he took a day off last week, something you should look into doing yourself young lady. It‘s not good for anyone to be overworked.” 
 
“Perhaps you should take your own advice now and then.” Maddie answered with a smile while walking over to the mini fridge. She grabbed a bottle of water, taking a moment to water the poor, deprived plant. 
 
“They lost even more money this morning.” She continued while looking at him sorrowfully. Work was about to get the best of Darryl and he wasn’t getting any younger.
 
“Have we gotten any leads yet?” 
 
“No.” he exhaled and sank down in his chair. “I’m afraid this case is too much for us to handle.” He glanced up at her disappointed eyes and cut her off before she got started. Knowing all too well what was going through her mind. “Now I know what I said earlier, about the possibility of you and Jay working on the case…” 
 
“You said we had more knowledge about this situation than anyone else on the force… I don’t understand…” 
 
“Yes, when it comes to tech-related crimes, you two seem to know more than anyone else.” he paused. “But Montgomery-Lewis is a software company. They make products to prevent this type of crime from happening. If someone is breaching their system, it won’t be easy to catch them."
 
“The FBI wants to get involved…" he continued “You’re both just now getting into this level of investigating, I’m afraid this could be too much for a couple of rookies.” 
 
“Darryl… you can’t keep us in training mode forever.” She sat down across from him. “Why not give us a chance? If we don’t get anywhere after a few days then let the FBI take over.” Someone interrupted Maddie’s pleading when the door opened.
 
“Mr. Montgomery’s on line one for you. “Officer Jay Carpenter spoke up. 
 
Hesitant, Darryl picked up the phone while Jay eased into the chair beside Maddie. She gave him a weak smile while eying Darryl. 
 
“Any luck?” he whispered to her. 
 
Maddie tried to talk low enough so that Darryl couldn’t overhear. “He doesn’t think we can do it.” She glanced up to see him pointing at her, amid his phone conversation. 
 
“How’s he going to know if he never gives us a chance to do anything?” Jay whispered back. 
 
“Shh…” she warned, keeping her eye on the chief. 
 
Ignoring her, he continued. “I don’t know about you but I’m tired of being known as the errand boy around here.” 
 
They continued talking quietly as Darryl wandered off to the other side of the room, still on the phone. He glared back at them occasionally, catching a word or two here and there. The sound of the phone hanging up startled them both. They looked up to see Darryl hovering over them.
 
“Hey there Chief! Good news? I hope…” 
 
“I don’t know errand boy, you tell me!” 
 
“I didn’t mean that… the way it…. came out… Sir.” 
 
“Has Mr. Montgomery found out anything?” Maddie interrupted, saving Jay from further embarrassment. 
 
“No, but he told me he’s brought in a hacking specialist, supposed to be one of the best, he was recommended by the Vice President of the company.” Darryl walked around to sit back at his desk. “They said he should be here within the next hour. I said I’d get a couple of officers to work with him.” There was a slight pause of silence as he waited for their reaction.
 
“Oh.” Maddie finally responded. “Great. That sounds great.” She paused again.. The anticipation was killing them, and Darryl was eating it up “So…”
 
“Relax. I’ve decided to put you two on the case.” He gathered up all the paperwork from his desk and handing it over to them. “I had to make a quick decision and as much as I hate to admit it… you’re right. You have more technical knowledge than anyone else here, and you definitely can’t hurt things.”
 
He stopped and looked at Jay. “Don’t screw it up.” 
 
Jay took the handful of folders from him. “Thanks for the encouraging words.”
 
“I’m serious boy. This case has dragged on for too long. We need to sort this out.”
 
“And we will.” Maddie spoke up confidently. “Between the three of us, we’ll have it solved in no time. I’m glad they’re bringing in someone else. It’ll be nice to have a professional opinion for a change.” 
 
“Right.” Jay agreed. “Hey….” 
 
“As I was saying…. It’ll be good to have someone working with us with more experience.” 
 
“I’m glad you feel that way.” Darryl responded. “Because he’ll be staying with you.” 
 
Maddie stared back at him, utterly confused. “Wha—what… why?” she said over Jay’s laughter. Leaning over, Maddie laid a punch into his side. In pain, he wandered off, still giggling to himself. 
Maddie took a deep breath to calm her nerves and tried to ask again. “What do you mean he’ll be staying with us?”
 
Darryl took a deep breath; he knew this wouldn’t be easy. “Look, Montgomery said they tried to get him a room and with that convention thing in town….” 
 
“What convention thing?” she asked, her voice turning frantic. 
 
“The country music singers… I don’t know.” He shrugged. “Anyway--- “
 
“It’s the Fan Fair.” Jay spoke up. “Where fans can meet the artists…. autograph signings.” 
 
“Right. That thing.” Darryl continued. “So, they needed to find a place on short notice, and I told them I’d take care of it.” 
 
“You’re telling me they can’t find a freaking empty room in the entire city of Nashville?” she shouted. 
 
“They could probably hook him up at Rusty Al’s Freeway Motel.” Jay joked before Maddie shot him a dirty look. “What? Maddie, you know how it is around here when there’s some big tourist event in town, it’s insane! The rooms stay booked up for months.”
 
Maddie narrowed her eyes on Darryl and started to protest but he quickly intervened. 
 
“You have the extra room.” he reminded her. 
 
“Since when are you renting our rooms out to strangers?” she yelled back, outraged. The nerve of him! What made him think she would go along with this? 
 
“It’ll be okay Maddie.” Jay tried his best to reassure her. She wasn’t having it. “It’s only until the case is over.” He then added a teasing tone to his voice. “You can get a grip on your Social Anxiety Disorder for that long I’m sure.”
 
Maddie glared back. “I do not have any disorder! I have a problem with some random stranger staying in my home! It’s a completely normal reaction.” 
 
“Denial.” 
 
Darryl rubbed his forehead in annoyance. “Will you stop acting like two five-year-olds?” He turned to Maddie as his voice turned stern. “This isn’t a random stranger, He is a fellow officer and your partner on this case. Now I am terribly sorry for the inconvenience young lady, but you will have to deal with it until we resolve this case!”
 
“That’s how you lay it down Chief.” 
 
“And I don’t want to hear any more lip from you either!” he snapped back at Jay, startling him. 
 
“Just let us know when he gets here.” Maddie sucked up her pride as she and Jay left the office, their arms full of paperwork. 
 
 
Later, that day at lunch, Maddie and Jay settled into their usual booth at the local restaurant. Maddie fidgeted with the salt shaker on the table as they waited for their food, not wanting to look him in the eye. She knew what he was thinking, more than likely, his thoughts were centered on her sporadic mood swings and how he would deal with them. 
 
“Would you--- “she jumped as the shaker she was twirling around fell over and crashed against the table, scattering specks of salt everywhere. “Stop---just don’t start, okay?” she swept the salt off into her hand. 
 
Jay held his hands up in defense. “I haven’t said a word!” 
 
“You’re thinking it.” She glared back. “Your bad vibes are driving me insane.” 
 
“My bad vibes?” 
 
“See.” she absentmindedly knocked over the same shaker. Jay quickly picked it up and set it on the other side of the table out of harm’s way. 
 
“Maddie.” Sincerely, he touched her hand. “It will be okay.” 
 
“I don’t understand why these things bother me so much.” She spoke quietly and then stopped when the waitress brought them their food. “It’s not normal.” She continued.
 
“Agreed, but you’ve never been normal.” He replied, then realized he needed to rephrase what he said. “Ok, seriously. It’s no wonder you’re so skittish around new people. You never leave the house anymore.” 
 
“I do too.” she snapped. “I work every day.” 
 
“Work doesn’t count.” he reminded her as she lowered her head down and twirled the charms on her necklace.
 
“I mean, you never go out anymore, with me and Abby.” 
 
“I told you, I don’t want to be a third wheel. You wouldn’t want to be either.” 
 
“That’s why we’ve tried to set you up…”
 
“And I’ve told you no.” she intoned, sounding out every word to make it perfectly clear.
“Noted.” He replied. “But, you can still get out of the house without going on a date or finding someone to be in a relationship with. Just get out there and have fun.” 
Maddie half-smiled at him as his tone was sincere once again. “I want you to enjoy your life again. I want my best friend back.” 
She stared down at her untouched burger and fries then rubbed her eyes tiredly. “I can’t believe I reacted that way in front of Darryl.” 
 
“Darryl understands, don’t worry about it.” 
 
“I know he does, but still… it wasn’t professional.” 
 
“You’re fine, I think he’s figured you out by now.
“I don’t understand why I freak out so much over things like this. I mean, the thought of a stranger staying in my home makes me break out in hives and get an eye twitch.”
 
Jay tried to keep a sincere look on his face as he stared back at his friend. He loved her, but sometimes she took over-reacting to an entirely new level. “Maddie.” He stifled his laughter. “I promise you it’ll be okay. Abby and I will be there too. It’s not like we’re leaving you alone with a psychopath. The guy is a cop you know.”
 
“I know, I know.” She replied in a defeated tone. “See, this is what I mean. There’s no reason for me to panic. Why am I panicking?” 
 
“Simple.” He popped a fry in his mouth. “You’re nuts.” 
 
“Thanks Captain Obvious.” 
 
“Okay.” He sat up in his seat. He would have to come up with something to make her feel better about herself. This was so much easier for him back when they were kids. Adulthood brought on too much aggravation.
 
“Your problem is that you don’t want to get too close to new people because you’ve been hurt too much in the past. That doesn’t make you a freak that makes you human.” 
 
He reached over to touch her hand again when he saw a sad look in her eyes. He then glanced over at his phone and saw the date, instantly realizing why her mood was worse than usual.
 
His breath got caught in his throat. “I didn’t even realize what today was.” He whispered. “I’m sorry.” 
Maddie quickly grabbed a napkin to wipe her eyes. The fact that he hadn’t mentioned it made her sad. Now that he had acknowledged it, she felt even worse.
 
“It’s okay.”. 
 
“No.” His voice softer than earlier. “Let me call Darryl, maybe we can find a room for this other guy to stay in.”
 
She quickly interrupted him, shaking her head. “Jay. It’s fine.” 
 
“I’m sure Darryl forgot, if he had remembered, I know he wouldn’t have pressed the issue so much.” 
 
“I know that. It’s okay.” She straightened her shoulders up. “You’re always telling me I need to move on…” She paused for a moment. “Maybe it’s time I took your advice.”
 
“Okay, that’s good and all, but if it’s just going to make you uncomfortable…” 
 
“I’ll be fine.” She reassured him again while trying her best to reassure herself that she was telling the truth. 
“Continuing to make a big deal out of it every year isn’t helping me move forward. I can see that now.” She forced a smile. Jay was hardly buying it, but he figured he might as well humor her. 
 
“Okay then.” He shrugged, relieved that she finally ate some of her food.
 
“You know, we’ll be laughing about this in a couple of weeks. The guy’s probably a total loser, being a computer geek and all.” 
 
Maddie looked back at him, a little confused. “Jay… we’re kind of considered computer geeks too you know.” 
 
“Yeah, but this guy is a professional. You know he probably lives in his parent’s basement.” 
 
“You’re not going to be mean to him.” She warned, mainly because she knew she’d feel horrible if she accidentally laughed. 
 
“Nah, Scouts honor!” His sarcasm was deafening. 
 
“I’ll be glad when everything is settled.” She implied before taking another bite of her food. Maddie glanced up and saw Darryl entering the restaurant. He spotted them and headed toward their booth.
 
She saw a young man walk in behind him, but assumed he was going to another table. That couldn’t be the computer geek new partner they were waiting for. Because if it was, this task she was dreading just took a drastic change. 
 
Maddie glanced up again to look in their direction and noticed he was still walking with Darryl. She casually took a sip of her soda while looking around the room. There wasn’t much time.
 
“I’m gonna go get a to-go box.” She blurted out before practically sprinting away from the booth. Jay didn’t have a chance to reply.
 
She made her way up to the counter, making small-talk with the employees before the cashier stepped away to get the boxes. Just then, another waitress who knew Maddie and Jay well walked over to her.
 
“Jay said for you to get your ass back over there right now.”
 
“I—I am I was getting a box.”
 
“Forget the box.” she demanded. “You better go before your new partner gets attacked over there. I swear every cougar in here has their radar on.”
 
Maddie laughed as she stared back at Jay, Darryl and the new guy, shaking her head and turning back to her. “I’m not going to survive this.”
“Probably not, but what a way to go.” She sighed. 
 
The cashier walked back over to them with the boxes in her hand. “What are you two going on about Amy?” she asked as the waitress motioned over to the booth.
 
“That’s their new partner.”
 
The cashier glared back at Maddie. “And why are you standing here with us?”
 
“That’s what I asked her.”
 
“What?” She laughed. “I need a minute. Can I have a minute?”
 
“No… Maddie.” Amy groaned in annoyance while the cashier was talking over her.
 
“Honey, if you don’t get your single butt over there right now just step aside and let me through.” She joked.
 
“But I...”
 
“Go on!”
 
“Maddie!!”
 
“I don’t know what to--- “
 
“Maddie!” Amy was now waving her hands to get her attention. “No wedding ring and he’s British.”
 
She paused for a moment and took the boxes off the counter. “You ladies have a nice day.”
 
“There she is.” Darryl smiled while Jay gave her a knowing glance. “Maddie this is Officer Alex Stone.”
 
“Nice to meet you.” She took his hand, smiling. Hoping she wasn’t smiling too much, or too weird. Was that a thing? “Don’t make it weird. “She thought to herself. 
 
“Pleasure’s all mine.” 
 
“Oh, “Darryl turned to her. “Good news, we found a room available at the motel down the street.“ 
 
“What?” she spoke louder than expected, surprising herself. “But---no…” she paused, not wanting to sound too frantic. “I mean, I thought you were staying with me…” 
 
“Us.” Jay corrected. 
 
“I meant that.” Closing her eyes and secretly thanking Jay. “Us. Why the change of plans?” 
 
“Oh, I didn’t want to be a burden, it’s no problem for me to get a room.” Alex replied. Maddie tried her best to hide her disappointment; she never was good at hiding her emotions. “But,” he continued. “If you’ve already made arrangements for me…” 
 
“Well, it’s just, we have the extra room and everything.” Maddie replied. “And I thought it would be better for the three of us to be together while we’re working on the case.” 
“You come up with that all by yourself huh?” Darryl asked, 
 
“Yes sir.” She smiled back at him. 
 
Alex stared back and forth between the three of them; he knew he was obviously missing out on something. “Right then if it’s not a problem, I reckon I’ll be staying at your place?” 
 
“No problem at all.” She smiled back. “Have you eaten yet?” 
 
“Yeah, actually I had something on the plane. But please, finish. I can wait.” 
 
“No, I’m fine. I’m not too hungry anyway. Are you ready?” she turned to Jay who had an uncontrollable smile on his face. He noticed that she wasn’t in a bad mood anymore. 
 
Holding back a laugh. “I’m ready if you are.” 
 
“I’ll get my rental car and follow you all.” 
 
They were about to leave the restaurant when Maddie spun around to grab her purse. She didn’t notice that something snagged the handle around the edge of the table. Absentmindedly, she kept pulling and almost fell when the strap finally gave way. 
 
“Careful there, love.” 
 
It all happened so fast, Maddie didn’t even realize who or what was holding onto her until he spoke. She looked up slowly at his smiling face. His strong arms were wrapped around her tightly. 
 
“Sorry.” She finally choked out. She straightened back up when he released her. Her face was burning with embarrassment. 
 
He grinned. “That’s fine, you can catch me next time.” 
 
They walked out of the restaurant and Jay groaned to himself as Maddie was enjoying the view. Alex had parked next to Jay’s black 1976 Firebird Trans Am; he’d been admiring it since they arrived. 
“Nice ride.”
“Thanks.” Jay and Maddie both replied at once. Jay gave her a strange look as she was getting into the passenger seat.
 
“It’s his car.” She replied quickly. “I was saying thanks…for him.” 
 
“Get in before you hurt yourself.” Jay chuckled while she continued babbling. 
 
“Right. See you at the loft. You can follow us.” She continued while Jay tiredly laid his head against the steering wheel, pressing the horn, causing Maddie to jump. 
 
“Be careful.” Alex laughed as he got into his car. 
 
As soon as they were on the road, Jay spoke up. He couldn’t stand the silence any longer. “Someone’s feeling better.” 
 
Maddie looked at him innocently. “Huh” 
 
“Huh?” he mocked her. “You know what I’m talking about. Hell, I think I even know what I’m talking about….” He muttered to himself. 
 
“Should Abby be concerned?” she laughed as he held a middle finger up to her face. 
“Shut up.” he smiled over at her. “You’re getting far too much enjoyment out of this, you need to tone it down.” 
“What’s not to enjoy?” she giggled. “There’s a whole lotta enjoyment right there.” 
“Pace yourself woman.” Jay laughed. “Just refrain from attacking our guest please? I don’t want to have to take you in.”
 
 

Chapter Two
 
 
 
It was only a little over a mile from the restaurant to their apartment, but it seemed so much longer to Maddie. She urged Jay to drive faster, but he kept reminding her they had to set an example to the citizens and stay within the speed limit. This coming from a guy who rarely drove under seventy. 
 
As they pulled into the garage, her blissful demeanor fell a couple notches. What if he’s already taken? She glanced in the rearview mirror at him getting out of his car. Sadly, she convinced herself that he had to be. Something was terribly wrong with the universe if he wasn’t.
 
Slowly Maddie stepped out of the car onto the concrete floor of their massive garage. The apartment building used to belong to her grandfather. The upstairs rooms weren’t in great shape, but the large loft apartment was still in good condition. Once Maddie turned eighteen she and Jay moved in and with a little work, the place was livable. Over the years, they used the money they saved on rent to make the loft even better. Including the garage that was almost as big as the living area.
 
She stayed back as the guys stopped at her favorite items in the room, the two street bikes that belonged to her and Jay. The boys stopped talking about the bikes when Jay’s girlfriend Abby entered the garage. There was a quick introduction before she walked over with her mouth gaping open. Maddie laughed as she pushed her friend’s chin up. 
“Did I hear a British accent or am I going crazy?”
“No, that’s what it was.” 
“Can we record him reading the phone book before he leaves? For Science?” she asked as Maddie laughed quietly. 
 “Is he married?” Abby asked as they continued to whisper.
 “He doesn’t have a ring. So, I’d say no.”
 “Yeah, but, sometimes cops don’t wear rings, right? Especially if they‘re higher up?”
Maddie frowned at that, she remembered that Darryl rarely wore his ring. So maybe she wasn’t in the clear. “It’s okay, we’ll figure this out.” Abby patted her on the shoulder. “Either way, we’ll have eye candy for the next few days. How long is he staying?” 
She sighed as they continued to stare. “I plan to drag this case out as long as humanly possible.” 
“Good plan.” 
The guys turned to look at them when they heard Abby laugh louder than she intended. They ended their gawking session for the time being and joined them at the bikes. 
“Sweet bikes” Alex looked over at her.
“Do you ride?”
“He has an old-school Indian!” Jay whined.
 
“Really? What year?” 
 
“46’ Chief”
 
“Wow, not bad.” 
“Yeah, I don’t get to ride it as much as I used to.” He flipped through his phone and showing them a picture of the bike.
 “It’s so pretty!” Maddie exclaimed. 
“I would be happy to take it off your hands.” Jay added. 
 
“Not a chance mate, unless, you want to trade the Firebird?” 
 
“Hmm---” Jay stared back at his baby. “Nah, I think I’m good.” 
 
They made their way into the loft after talking about bikes and cars for a few more minutes. The girls settled in the kitchen area, having a quiet conversation, while Jay helped Alex carry his luggage to the guest room. 
 
Alex looked around the room at the pictures hanging on the wall and bed neatly made. It didn’t look much like a guest room; there was too much stuff inside. “Is this your room?” 
 
Jay sat down the last of the bags in the floor at the foot of the bed. “No, Abby and I have the room over there.” He pointed in the direction across from them on the other side of the living room. He then gave Alex a mini-tour of the loft. 
 
“Straight through here…” he led him toward the door to the left. “This is your bathroom.” 
 
“Nice, I have my own bathroom, eh?” 
 
Jay’s eyes lit up as he tried not to laugh. “Nah, you get to share with Maddie.” He patted Alex on the shoulder sympathetically. “My apologies in advance, man. Here’s the fun part, that door,” he motioned straight ahead at the second door on the opposite side of the restroom. “Leads to her room.” He continued as they walked through the door into Maddie’s empty room. She was still in the kitchen talking to Abby.
“So, it’s all one big maze, huh?” Alex said admiring all the photos and random posters she had on her wall. Turning his head to the side, he moved to get a better look. “Union Jack?” 
“Yeah.” Jay held back his laughter the best he could. “She‘s got a thing for  y’all.” 
Alex took another glance at the small British flag hanging up before following Jay with a smile. As they were walking out of Maddie’s bedroom. The girls turned and saw where they had been.
 Maddie walked over with a suspicious look on her face. “What were you two doing?”
 “I was showing Alex how the bathroom connected the two rooms.”
 “Ah.” She nodded. “So, I’m guessing you explained to him how the doors don’t lock?” she asked as Alex returned to his room to unpack. 
 “Of course.” he replied. “That was the whole point.” He quickly walked away before she could interrogate him further. Maddie knew him too well.
 
Alex was wandering around the room when Jay rejoined him. He still wondered who once stayed there. Everything inside it looked so personal. He noticed an old black cowboy hat hanging on the bedpost. 
 
“Hey…” he looked at Jay while putting it on. “What do you think? Is it me?” 
 
“Um…” Jay stammered for a moment, not sure how to respond. 
 
Maddie entered the room, eager to let Alex know about the door problem. She froze at the sight of him, a chill swept over her entire body. “No. It’s not.” She walked over and removed the hat from his hands.
 
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have bothered it not knowing who it belonged to.” His voice was so calm it made her instantly regret snapping at him. 
 
“No. It’s okay.” She spoke quietly, not daring to look in his eyes as she spoke. “You didn’t know. It belonged to my fiancé. This used to be his room. Or where he kept his stuff, anyway.” She fought back a smile as she placed the hat on the dresser. “I’m sorry I didn’t have time to clean it out for you.“
 
“No, no, no!” Alex stopped her at once. “Don’t be sorry at all! Please, this is fine. But if you don’t want me to stay in here, I’d be more than happy to sleep on the couch.” 
 
“You don’t have to do that.” She smiled while wiping her eyes. His politeness was making her feel even worse for yelling at him. 
 
“You’re welcome to use this room. I…” she paused and tried to think of a rational explanation. “I had a moment. I’m sorry.”
 “No need to apologize.” He smiled back. “How about we get started on all the details for tomorrow?” he spoke up trying to break the lingering tension. They all walked back into the living room. 
“All right so you already know the back story here, someone has taken money out of the Montgomery-Lewis private account and they’re not leaving a trace behind.” Alex unpacked a bag he brought along with him. 
 “We will need to hack into their system and look at what’s going on from the inside. Maybe work on getting a few suspects to talk. The idea is to catch someone in the act while we’re there.”
 “This is awesome.” Jay exclaimed full of excitement while pushing a small Bluetooth radio into his ear. “We’re going to be spies!”
 “We’re not spies… spies are the bad guys.” Alex corrected him. Jay reacted like a child when Alex’s voice echoed in his ear.
 “Whatever man, this is cool!”
 Maddie rolled her eyes and picked up one of the other items Alex had laid out. “New phones?” she smiled, holding up the elaborately high-tech smart phone.
 “Yeah.” Alex handed a phone off to Jay, making him even more hyper. “There're all sorts of software installed we may need, VPNs, some programs to block hacking and bugs…some apps that could be useful.”
 
Maddie flipped through the contact list. “Your phone number….” She added smiling. 
 
It surprised her when a flash of red came across his face, was he actually blushing? “Yeah well, you will need it anyway…. for the case that is.” 
 
“Right.” She nodded. Maddie thought she was seeing things when his face turned back to its normal shade. “For the case.” 
“Yeah like when you run off and get into trouble like you usually do.” Jay yelled. “Now we’ll be able to find you!”
 
“I think I can take care of myself.” 
 
“Such as the time you thought you could single-handedly pull off a hostage evacuation?” Jay asked.
 
She began to respond when Alex spoke up. “Oh yeah, Darryl mentioned something about that.” 
 
She looked back and forth between the boys who were now ganging up on her. This couldn’t end well.
 
“Wait… what?” she turned to Alex. “Darryl told you about that? Why?” 
 
He smiled back but for once, Maddie wasn’t finding it as charming as before. “I suppose he wanted to warn me about you. Told me to keep you in check.” 
 
Maddie stared back in intense anguish. Was he sent here to help them out or to keep her in line? “I don’t understand why that would be any of your business.” 
 
Alex rose from his seat, his attitude clearly changed. “I think I have every right to know about the people I’m working with.” 
 
He walked around the table, so he was directly facing her. His voice was lower when he spoke. “You disobeyed command and ran into a hostage situation. You had no idea what was going down!” His paused for a moment as his gaze seemed to grow darker. “That won’t be happening under my watch.”
 
Jay and Abby stood off to the side, silently watching. They fully knew of Maddie’s temper and knew what you had to do to set her off. Alex, however, was oblivious. Did he expect her to back away? Nodding her head in fear of his command? Maddie took a couple steps back, not because she was afraid. She just needed some breathing room.
 
“So, I’m guessing Darryl has put you in charge of this little operation.” Her voice was becoming less and less calm as she spoke. 
 
“That’s right.” 
 
“I thought we were in this together, the three of us, working as a team. That there would not be an authority figure.” 
 
“Truly sorry you have issues with listening to authority sweetheart, but that’s our plan.” Maddie was gritting her teeth, her hands almost curled into fists. He did not just call her sweetheart! 
 
“You think you can come in here and take charge of OUR case?” she was yelling in his face now. “Our operation? No! I will be more than happy to take any advice you want to give me, but I do not take orders from you!” 
 
Abby nudged Jay. “Maybe you should do something.” She whispered. He looked back at her wide-eyed. 
 
“I’m not getting in that mess!” 
 
“And I don’t work with twats who run blindly into a bloody hostage situation!” 
 
“Would you stop with the hostage situation already? Did Darryl fail to mention that everyone escaped okay? It wasn’t exactly a damn massacre!”
 
Abby nudged Jay harder this time, and he finally ran over in between them. “Hey, Alex… buddy, why don’t we go grab some beers and cool off?” 
 
He didn’t flinch, and neither did Maddie. Jay carefully eased away from them both. 
 
“That‘s no bloody way to look at it, there was too much of a risk!” Alex responded. 
 
“Sometimes you have to take chances.” 
 
“I don’t take chances when lives are at stake, especially when it’s my own!” 
 
“Perhaps you should rethink your career choice!” Maddie yelled. 
 
“And you need to get your bloody temper in check!” he yelled back. 
 
It was a total reflex move; she didn’t even realize what she was doing as her hand flew in the air, heading toward his face. But before she could make contact, Alex’s hand was gripping her wrist. Maddie’s fiery gaze could have burned a hole through his skull. 
 
“Let go.” She demanded through her teeth. Alex glared back at her before releasing his grip. 
 
“You don’t even try that shit with me again.” 
 
She smiled bitterly back at him. “You think I’m afraid of you?” 
 
“Physically you have no reason to be, because I would never do that.” Maddie gave him an unbelieving look. “But screw up this case and I won’t hesitate with letting Darryl know who was at fault!” 
 
“Dude, seriously!” Jay jumped in again when it looked like Maddie was about to pounce. “I’m dying of thirst here, let’s go.” 
 
Alex broke away from Maddie’s glare and followed Jay to the door. But he still got the last word in. 
 
“If you don’t want to cooperate with me, that’s your choice. But you won’t be involved with this case for long if you don’t. I’ll see to that.” 
 
Jay already had the door open, motioning him to leave before Maddie could get a word in. They shut the door just in time.
 
Maddie picked up a glass that was sitting nearby and hurled it toward the door. Her body was trembling, and the sound of the glass shattering made her jump. Almost as though she didn’t even realize she had thrown it. The sound of the impact against the wooden door and then down to the hard floor seemed to echo throughout the room. 
 
“I’ll get a broom.” she spoke up when she managed to gain back control of her breathing. 
 
“I can get it Maddie. Why don’t you go sit down?” 
 
“No…” she muttered while grabbing the broom and a dustpan in the corner. “I’ll get it. I’m sorry.” 
 
“You don’t have to apologize.” She bent down to help her clean up the mess. “Not to me, anyway.” 
 
Maddie sighed to herself as she tried to make sense of what happened. “Talk about crazy! I mean, one minute he’s all sweet and polite and the next he’s a drill sergeant on a power trip!” she exclaimed while dumping the broken glass in the trash. 
 
Abby scoffed. “Don’t know anyone else who has a temper like that, do we?” Maddie didn’t respond. Partially because, she knew she was right. 
 
“I think I will turn in for the night.” She mumbled, returning the broom and dustpan to the corner. 
 
“If you want to stay up and talk I don‘t care to.” 
 
“No, it won’t do any good.” She forced a smile. “Besides, we both have to get up early in the morning.” 
 
“You know I don’t mind.”
 
“I know. I’ll be okay.” She hoped. 
 
Maddie groaned to herself as she walked in her bedroom and looked at the clock. It was still too early. She never went to bed before eleven, even when she had to get up before daylight. She had trouble sleeping most of the time, and tonight would be even harder. Slowly she made her way into the bathroom to take a nice, long shower. She took forever to get the water temperature right.
 
She was burning up and the hot water wasn’t helping. When she turned the cold water on, she nearly froze to death. Finally, the water got adjusted perfectly and she could feel the stress and rage leaving her body. She thought she had calmed down, but then an image wouldn’t leave her thoughts. It was his smile. That perfect, gorgeous white smile that lit up the room. And the way he held her when she fell into his arms was enough to give her chills all over again. Maddie shook her head in disgust.
 
She wouldn’t give in to him. She wouldn’t like him. It no longer mattered that she was so attracted to him earlier that day. The thought of it made her sick to her stomach. She would work with him for the sake of the case, for the sake of her job, but that was as far as it would go. She wasn’t even sure if she could handle that much. 
 
But Darryl was losing faith in her; he didn’t think she could get the job done without some guidance. It was either go along with Alex or end up stuck behind a desk. She cringed at the thought of it. She didn’t go through years of training to end up filing paperwork. She loved her job, some days it seemed like that was the only thing she loved. And no one, not even Mr. Alex Stone, would take that away from her.
 
His face appeared to her again, and she became angry with herself when a tear escaped her eye. Why was she crying over someone she had just met? A total jerk at that! But she knew her sadness wasn’t because of Alex and his behavior. It was because of Ethan, her fiancé. She felt a slight tightening in her chest when he crossed her mind. Then it started, the deep sobbing that had been long overdue. Maddie was glad she was still in the shower with the overhead fan running in the bathroom, hopefully that meant Abby wouldn’t be able to hear her crying.
She finally turned off the water and pulled the curtain back. The cold wisp of air made her shudder as she quickly dried off and changed into her nightclothes.
Staring at her reflection while she brushed her hair, she could see that her eyes were already red and swollen. And they wouldn’t feel or look any better in the morning. She was about to settle into bed when her gaze became fixated on a picture by her bed. It was a photo of Maddie and Ethan. They were celebrating their engagement with a cookout in Darryl’s backyard. Maddie was the happiest she had ever been that day. Ethan was the love of her life; they dated their senior year of high school, which was around the same time that Jay and Abby had gotten together. They had been dating for three years when he finally proposed. Maddie was ecstatic to say the least. 
 
Ethan treated her like royalty and loved her unconditionally. He was the one person that could look past her temper and stubbornness. Maddie was certain they would spend the rest of their lives together. She picked up the frame and stared at it for the longest time, silent tears falling against the pillow. She tried to imagine what he would say to her, what advice he would give her. But she already knew what he’d say, it had been echoing in her mind all day. He’d tell her to calm down first, then to be strong and do the right thing.
 
She placed the frame back on the nightstand and continued to stare at his beautiful, warm smile. She missed seeing it every day. She missed having him there with her to hold her close when she would have one of her episodes. She felt instant peace in his arms, unlike now. Now everything seemed dark and cold. Finally, she turned off the light and sank down into the bed. The day had been long and tedious, and Maddie was glad to see it end. She had been dreading that day for months and it turned out to be worse than she could have ever imagined. But she wasn’t expecting much happiness to occur on the third anniversary of Ethan’s death
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Three 
When Alex and Jay left earlier that night, they had walked down to the sports bar on the corner, a short distance away from the loft. He took a few moments to introduce Alex to some locals before they settled in the corner next to a dartboard. 
Jay was happy to have another male around to hang out with and discuss things that his girlfriend or Maddie would get bored with. And he held nothing against him regarding the argument that happened earlier. He knew Maddie all too well. 
“So, how long have you and your girl been together?” Alex asked. He was sitting at the table while Jay tried his hand at darts. He stood there for a moment, deep in thought. Alex snickered at him. 
“Stop it, no, I know this one! Hang on. We met in high school, senior year so I was eighteen. I’m twenty-eight now…” 
“Ten years?” Alex exclaimed. 
“Technically, we didn’t officially date until a couple years later, when she turned eighteen. So… eight years.” He threw another dart and missed the bull’s eye terribly. 
“Wow. That’s still a long time.” He leaned back in his seat. “Loosen up your arm a little.” Alex advised before continuing. “Are you ever going to get married?” 
Jay took his advice and tried again, he did a little better that time. “Yeah, I’ve been putting it off way too long, I think she’s about to get fed up with me. I’ve already bought the ring, planning on asking on her birthday… it’s coming up in a few weeks.” 
“She’s a sweet girl.” 
“Yeah, she is.” Jay smiled, and then quickly frowned when he missed the target again. 
“You’re thinking about it too much.” Alex added before taking a sip of his beer. 
“Must be the lighting in here or something, throwing me off.” He joked. “How about you? Got anyone special back home?” 
Alex shook his head, his expression a little grim. “Nah.” 
“No one?” he asked again, not believing him. “Not wanting to sound weird or anything man, but I’ve noticed how all the ladies in here have been gawking at you all night. And come on, you’ve got the accent!” 
“It’s really not all it’s cracked up to be mate.” 
“All right keep your secrets.” He joked. 
Alex held up his hands in defense. “I have no secrets!” He took another drink and moved around in his chair to get more comfortable. 
“Honestly, I’m not involved with anyone. It’s too complicated with the work we’re in, you should know that. Or…” he paused. “I guess you don’t. It’s too complicated for me I suppose, always having to worry about putting someone else’s life in danger. Worst of all it being the person you love.” 
Jay looked around the room; several girls were still looking their way. “That’s reasonable I guess, but you’re missing out on a lot of fun.” He grinned. 
“Oh, I didn’t say I didn’t have any fun.” Alex quickly replied as Jay handed the darts off to him. “I only said I wasn’t in a relationship.” With a devilish smile he walked over to face the board. 
“Gotcha.” Jay took his seat and popping open his drink. “So, where you from originally?” 
“Brooklyn.” He stated before throwing his first dart, right on target. 
“Yeah okay, seriously.” He laughed and then stared at the dartboard. “Damn!” 
“Beginner’s luck.” He shrugged. “No, I moved out here from London when I was seventeen and I haven’t been back since. Brooklyn’s my home now.” He smiled and scored another perfect shot. 
“So, did you move out here with your family… or?” 
“No family.” Alex replied quickly. 
“I see.” Jay nodded. “How long have you been on the force up there?” 
“Um… Three years, no four… it’ll be four in a few months.” 
Jay nodded and took another drink. “Maddie and I have been on for about that long. Of course, I’m sure we probably haven’t seen as much action as you have. Darryl likes for us to keep a low profile.” He gave a sarcastic laugh. 
Alex threw his last dart. “Based on what your partner did, I can see why.” 
“Yeah, Maddie can be like that….” He stopped and stared over at the board in disbelief. “Good Lord!” The bull’s eye was overflowing with darts. 
“I guess I have good aim.” Jay shook his head as he went to retrieve the darts. 
“Remind me to never get in a gunfight with you then.” 
Alex settled back into the chair. “I’ll remember that.” He paused for another drink. “So, what’s the story with you and Maddie? You two used to date or something?” 
Alex’s question caught him off guard so much that he threw the dart into the wall. “That doesn’t count!” he yelled. Alex was holding his sides from laughing so hard. 
“No!” Jay stammered. “I mean, No.” he spoke more calmly. “Maddie and I are just friends. We’ve been friends ever since we were kids.” 
Alex was still laughing a little. “Sorry for frightening you there.” 
“I didn’t mean for it to come out like that. But she’s practically my sister… I got a little nauseated.” 
“Ok, that’s understandable.” Alex smiled. “I was about to say, she’s not that bad!” He took a long drink. “Is she seeing anyone?” 
Jay stopped himself before slinging the dart toward the wall again. Why on earth was he asking that? Did he not witness the receiving end of her horrific temper just a few minutes earlier? “Um, no not right now she’s not…. why?” 
“Just curious.” 
He raised an eyebrow. “You interested?” 
“Just curious.” Alex stated again, slowly. 
“Okay.” Jay grinned. “You know, it’s probably hard to believe but, Maddie is a great girl once you get to know her. She’s had it rough over the last few years, it’s changed her a lot.” 
“She’s been tucked away in her shell for so long.” Jay went back to talking about Maddie, hoping to paint her in a better light than she had done. 
“Like it’s consumed her over the past few years. She’s not herself at all. If you had known her then, you’d see what I’m talking about. I don’t know.” Jay stared off across the room at the people at the bar. “I just miss my friend y’know?” 
Alex nodded understandably. “Life will do that to you. There are things that can happen that will cause you to wake up one morning and not even recognize yourself in the mirror.” 
He stared down at the glass bottle he was holding, pretending to be very interested in the label. 
“But enough about that.” He quickly looked up and smiled. Jay nodded and turned back to his game, fully aware that he didn’t need to press the subject. 
It was Alex’s turn again, but Jay wasn’t paying as much attention as before. Alex‘s behavior filled his mind with questions. He was the type of guy Jay would envy. Alex seemed to be extremely smart and successful. So, why did he seem so unhappy? He had everything going for him… what more could he want? A relationship, yes, but Jay wasn’t sure if that was it. Some people didn’t seem phased by being single all the time. 
There had to be more to it than that. Like, why did he leave London at such a young age? And where was his family? 
Jay’s silent interrogations were interrupted when he noticed one of the local girls heading their way. Alex was already chatting with her before Jay could intervene. 
“Nice to meet you Shelli. I’m Alex.” He took her hand in his. 
“Alex…” she smiled back. “You’re not from around here are you?” 
“Ah, you caught that.” 
“Hey Shelli.” Jay waved over at her. She didn’t seem to notice he was even there. 
“Oh, hey Jay.” She replied after a few moments. “Where’s Abby at tonight?” 
“Home, she’s been working a lot lately.” 
“Tell her I said hi.” Shelli kept her eyes on Alex the entire time she spoke. “How would you like to buy me and my friend a couple drinks?” she asked in a baby doll voice. 
Alex glanced back at Jay who shrugged his shoulders and grinned. “I don’t know how much longer we’ll be staying and….” 
“Oh.” She pouted. “That’s too bad.” 
Alex looked over at the bar and saw Shelli’s friend who simply waved back. He glanced at Jay again, who motioned him to go on. Shelli then leaned over and whispered something convincing in his ear. Alex’s eyes widened. 
“I think I will go buy the young ladies a drink.” 
“Ya think?” Jay chuckled. 
Several minutes later, Jay had gotten bored with the darts. He was about to go looking for Alex to see if he was ready to go. 
 It was getting close to midnight, and they had a long morning ahead of them. He stood up to stretch and looked around the room but couldn’t find him anywhere. He turned the corner, heading for the exit, and almost ran into Alex head on. 
“Hey!” Jay jumped back, yawning. “You about ready to get out of here?” 
“Sorta.” Alex replied anxiously. 
Jay thought he was acting a little strange and wondered if taking him out drinking was the right move. “What’s the problem?” 
“She wants me to go with her.” He replied quietly while motioning with his eyes toward the bar. 
“What about tomorrow?” 
“I’ll be there, I swear!” he paused. “But, it’s not going to go over well is it?” 
“No.” Jay intoned, he then felt the nausea coming on again. “Maddie will be pissed!” 
“I kind of figured that…” he looked back over at the girls. “That’s why I don’t know if I should go or not.” 
“Considering the circumstances, maybe you should go back to the loft.” 
“Yeah but---” Alex stared back longingly at the bar where Shelli was standing. “She has a friend.” He looked back at Jay with pleading eyes. 
“I’m not going with you.” Jay quickly exclaimed. 
“I’m not asking you to.” Alex shot back. 
“Oh… okay.” Jay shook his head, trying to wake himself up and make sense of it all at the same time. “So, I take it you’re not going back home tonight?” 
“I’ll be there in the morning, promise mate.” he called out while walking off to join the girls. 
Jay believed Alex was responsible enough to keep his word, but he knew Maddie would not be pleased. Draining the last of his beer, he threw away the bottle and walked out into the cool midnight air. 
Several minutes later and a few miles away from the bar, Shelli was already asleep in the backseat as the car stopped outside of a nearby motel. 
“All the updated information we have should be in there.” The girl in the driver’s seat spoke as she handed over the folder. Alex only glanced over the first few sheets. 
“How’ve you been Red?” 
Cassie Black didn’t answer, she didn’t even turn to look his way. She continued to stare ahead into the darkness. 
“Have you found out anything we can use yet?” 
“No, nothing at all. I don’t believe Daniel has his facts straight.” 
“Or you’re not looking hard enough.” 
“Right love, that’d be it.” 
“Look, whether or not you find out anything, it doesn‘t matter. That was your idea, not ours. You have a job to do, we’re giving you the chance to prove us wrong before you have to follow through with it.” 
“And what if I can’t find anything? Just kill her off, is that it?” 
Cassie groaned in annoyance. “You act like you haven’t done this before Alex.” 
“Yes, I’ve done it. That’s the problem. I’ve done it too much and I’m tired of it. Aren’t you?” 
Cassie only shook her head. “Never thought I’d see the day when you couldn’t finish what you started.” 
“Ok. First of all, I didn’t start this and second, I’ve already made it clear that I’m no longer in the business of killing innocent people.” 
“Bringing down a multi-billion-dollar corporation is hardly innocent.” 
“That depends on the corporation.” 
That struck a nerve, which is why he said it. “Do I need to call this off? Tell them you’re incapable of carrying this out? Damn what’s happened to you?” 
She turned and looked at him for what felt like the first time that night. “Oh, my god.” She laughed coldly. “You like her don’t you?” 
“Why?” he smiled to himself. “Are you jealous?” 
“When did you become so pathetic?” 
“Probably all those years of dating a pretentious, self-centered bitch.” 
The sound of Cassie’s gun clicking didn’t even phase him. Alex rolled his eyes as she pointed the pistol directly at him. 
“I’d put that down love before you hurt yourself.” 
With little effort, he pulled the weapon from her hands and turned it on her in a more effective manner placing the end underneath her chin. 
“You remind them I always finish the job.” He whispered as Cassie soon recalled who she dealing with. “I’ll do what I have to when the time comes, if it comes to that, but I’m getting the facts about all of this first.”
He backed off, handed her back her gun and gathered his things. “Something isn’t adding up. I’m not taking her out until I know.” 
“I can take you back to the apartment.” Cassie mentioned as he got out of the car. 
“I’ll stay here tonight.” 
“I have a room.” 
“That’s lovely. Gonna be cold tonight so stay warm.” Alex smiled at her before he walked away. 
It was a few minutes past midnight when Maddie tiredly opened her eyes. She had finally drifted off to sleep sometime around eleven. The sound of the deadbolt unlocking woke her up enough for her to realize that the guys were home. 
She was contemplating whether she should go apologize to Alex. The small amount of rest she got helped to clear her mind, and she realized with the new case starting, they needed to at least be civil. But her eyelids were not cooperating with her thoughts. She kept going over the apology in her mind and then opening her eyes up from a hazy dream.
She stared at the clock, the moment of opportunity was ticking by… if she intended doing it, she needed to hurry and go right then. Her eyes slowly closed and the dreams of her ‘would be’ apology began all over again. At exactly 1:00AM, Maddie’s eyes jerked open, she stared at the clock wide-eyed and leaped up from her bed. The dreams had confused her; she thought she had already gone to talk to Alex. She quickly jumped up, not caring about what time it was, this was important.
She walked through the bathroom and swung open his door. He was sleeping peacefully on his stomach; shirtless… she stared at the moonlight shining through the window, reflecting off his back. Taking a deep breath, Maddie slowly walked over and tapped him lightly on the shoulder. 
“Mmm?” he stared up at her. He looked amazing when he was half asleep. 
She hesitated for a moment. “I hate to wake you, but there’s something I wanted to talk to you about.” 
He rose a little and rested on his elbow, giving her his full attention. “I’m sorry for the way I acted earlier Alex, I don’t know what got into me. It’s just… starting this new case…” she rambled on. Her speech getting faster with every word. “And Darryl not trusting me enough and Ethan being gone on top of all that…” 
“Shh…” Maddie halted when he touched her hand. “It’s okay love. I wasn’t exactly being the most proper houseguest. Please forgive me.” 
“No, it wasn’t you! I was wrong.” 
“No, I was.” He smiled back. To Maddie’s surprise, he pulled her over, so she was now sitting on the bed in front of him. 
Normally, the entire scenario would have been strange, but Maddie went with it. She wasn’t exactly sure why she felt so calm about it though. He sat up in the bed, their faces inches apart. Alex’s eyes sparkled mischievously as touched her face, pulling it closer to him… their lips touched. 
“BEEP BEEP BEEP!” 
Maddie sprang from the bed in total shock; her heart was beating out of her chest, her forehead covered in sweat. She took a few moments to catch her breath before slamming her fist against the alarm clock. 
Frustrated, she fell back against the bed and stared at the ceiling in disgust. It had all been a dream. Every word, every apology, every sweet smile and touch from his hand…. none of it had happened. 
She dragged herself off the bed and felt a twinge of déjà vu as she walked through the bathroom, heading for his door. She stopped for a moment, convincing herself that it was the right thing to do, better late than never. 
Swinging open the door, it surprised her to see that the bed looked as if no one had even slept in it. 
A little disappointed that her dream didn’t come true, she slowly made her way into the living room. He was probably in there, already waiting on everyone else to get up. Maddie stopped when she saw that Abby was the only person in the room. She was sitting at the kitchen table studying.
“Hey…” 
“Morning Maddie.” Abby smiled. 
“Good Morning. Um… Where’s Alex?” 
Abby stared up at her; she’d been rehearsing what she would tell her all morning in her mind. When Jay came home from the Sports Bar, he told Abby what had happened and how he was dreading having to tell Maddie about it. Abby volunteered to break the news, Maddie didn’t lose her temper with her as much. 
She smiled up at her from the table; this would not be as easy as she thought. “Um… why don’t you have a seat Maddie, you still look half-asleep.” She laughed nervously as Jay came stumbling out of his room. 
“Jay, where’s Alex?” Maddie asked. He looked at her and then at Abby. 
“You haven’t told her?” he shouted. 
“She just woke up!” 
“Aww man!” Jay rubbed his head. 
“Jay!” Maddie was getting annoyed with them both. Why wouldn’t they answer her? “What’s going on?” 
He took a deep breath. “He didn’t come back with me last night.” 
“Where is he then? Did he go home? What about the case?”
Jay held his hand up. “One at a time Maddie.” 
“I’m sorry, I just don’t…” 
“He left with a girl from the bar.” Jay spat out quickly as if that would make it go over any better. 
Maddie glared back at him, her body was rigid. Surely she didn’t hear him correctly. 
“Well, actually two.” he muttered as Abby suddenly looked up from her textbook.
“Oh my god.” she stormed off throwing her hands in the air. 
“He promised to be back this morning.” He continued while yawning. 
“Oh, fine then. That makes me feel better, since he promised!” she yelled. No longer was her mind filled with bits and pieces from her dream earlier that morning, and how much she wanted it to be true. Now, she was yearning to see him one more time for a different reason. So, she could kill him.
“Maddie, calm down.” 
“It’s only five-thirty.” Abby spoke up. “You have three hours before you have to be there. Just give him the benefit of the doubt.” 
Maddie couldn‘t hear anything they were saying over her own mumbling while she paced the floor. 
“You’re making me dizzy.” Jay whined from the couch. “He’ll be here.” 
“And what if he isn’t?” she stopped in front of him. “What if he doesn’t show back up and we’re stuck doing this job all on our own? With no help, no support, no guidance, no…” she paused and thought about what she was saying. 
“I thought we didn’t need any guidance.” Jay reminded her. Maddie sighed and plopped down on the couch beside him. 
“Okay, I was an ass, I get it.” She groaned, for a moment, she felt bad. Then the moment quickly passed. “But still it was irresponsible for him to run off with some hootchie momma---“ 
“Muffins!” Abby interrupted. “The muffins are ready.” She smiled innocently as Jay and Maddie joined her at the table. There were a few moments of silent chewing before Maddie got started again. 
She sat her barely touched muffin down. “Seriously though, the boy has priority issues.” She ignored Jay’s groaning and continued. “He was so convincing last night, talking about how much of a dedicated cop he is, and how he wanted to be involved with this case, yeah, you’re really proving it aren’t you? Showing how dedicated you are by running off with some sleazy little--- “
Her words were interrupted by a muffin being shoved in her mouth. She glared over at Jay and angrily took a bite. Silence filled the room again. Maddie was about to burst from holding her opinions in. Abby and Jay didn’t want to speak, afraid that they would get her started.
It was so quiet that all three of them jumped when the door creaked open. Alex slowly snuck inside, thinking everyone was still asleep. He carefully shut the door and was startled when he turned around and saw them staring back at him. 
“Wow, you all get up early.” He said sheepishly as he walked over to them. 
“Yeah, we’re starting the case this morning.” Maddie informed him as if he didn’t already know. Jay kicked her from underneath the table. 
“I know.” He replied while taking a seat. “Obviously, that’s why I’m here.” 
“Muffin?” Abby asked cheerfully, hoping to keep him silent by eating. 
“No, thanks, I’ve already eaten.” 
“Amongst other things.” Maddie muttered under her breath. Another kick soon followed. She rammed her foot into Jay’s shinbone causing him to let out a tiny yelp. He glared at Maddie, and then stared back at his muffin. 
Alex raised his eyebrow while staring over at Jay, shaking his head he turned back to Maddie. “What was that?” 
She looked up pretending to be oblivious. “What?” 
“What did you say?” 
“I didn’t say anything.” 
“I heard you.” 
“You’re hearing things.” She got up from the table. Alex quickly rose from his seat to follow her; the squeaking of the chair legs against the floor startled the others. 
“So, you still have a problem with me?” he asked loudly as she sprinted past him. Maddie spun around, biting her lip, trying to find the words to express her feelings, that wouldn’t get her in trouble for slander. 
“My problem…” her voice was shaking. “Is that you stood here last night and yelled at me, accused me of not being responsible.” she stopped to catch her breath; he was intimidating as he towered over her. 
“And then you go home with someone from the bar the night before we start on the case. You’re just as irresponsible as I was, if not more, you hypocrite!” 
“What? How am I being irresponsible? I’m here aren’t I?” 
“Yeah, miraculously.” 
“No, I’m here because I’m responsible enough to put my job first. And what does my personal life have to do with this anyway?” he yelled. “That’s none of your concern!” 
“It is my concern when your personal life may jeopardize my career, or do the same rules not apply?” she got up in his face. “Do I not have the right to know about the people I’m working with?” 
“You…” He stammered a little, was she actually hitting a nerve? Maddie smiled bitterly at him. 
“You were irresponsible during a hostage situation! I think there’s a HUGE difference…” he spread his arms out as he yelled. “Between my irresponsibility and yours!” 
“For the love of God!” she threw her arms in the air in frustration. “If I hear about the hostage situation one more time…” 
“Bring up my personal life again and you’ll regret it.” He growled through his teeth.
“Oh, I’m sorry for being disrespectful toward you and your flavor of the night!” 
“She has a name!”
Maddie’s hands fell to her hips as she stared him down. “Really? Then what was it?” 
The room fell silent, Alex looked back at her confused while Jay grabbed another muffin from the plate. This was getting interesting. 
“What was what?” he asked, purposely stalling. 
“Her name! You said she had a name. What was it?” she smiled. “Or do you not remember?” 
“I remember!” he yelled, frustrated, as Maddie’s smile grew wider. “It was um…” 
“That’s what I thought.” She walked away from him. Alex’s eyes narrowed, he was deep in thought, trying his best to remember. 
“Ah!” he recalled happily. “Shelia!” 
“Shelli.” Jay yelled from the table. 
“Shelli. Yeah… I meant that.” He glared back at Jay. 
“Thank you, you’ve proved my point.” 
“Ok, you’re impossible! I don’t remember what we were originally fighting about anymore!” 
“We’re fighting about you being an irresponsible asshole!” she reminded him. 
“Which has nothing to do with whom I spent the night with last night!” 
“It has everything to do with it because it was a stupid, irresponsible choice!” 
Jay leaned over to Abby. “And we’re back where we started.” 
Alex took a deep breath; his accent became stronger as he yelled. “Look, I don’t give a bloody hell what you think about it. Your stupid decision put lives at stake! When I do something as bloody ignorant as that… you have every right to call me a stupid bloke, but until then stop being a nosy bugger and stay out of my business!” 
There was a slight pause as Maddie stared back at him, completely confused. “What the hell did you say?” 
In annoyance, Alex pointed at her, trying to find the words to say. Nothing could come close to expressing his anger right then. “I give up!” he headed for his room. “You win!” 
Maddie watched him walk into the bedroom, terrified that he would actually leave, not that she would miss him. But that he would definitely tell Darryl about this. She would lose her badge for sure. 
“What are you doing?” she yelled, only this time her voice was calmer. 
“Don’t worry, I will still save your ass and this case.” He spat back spitefully. “This evening I’m checking into a motel. Sorry to ruin your plans.” 
This was horrible, if she could control her temper, if she left him alone, he wouldn’t be leaving. She almost felt guilty for everything. Almost. “Fine!” she yelled back at him. It was the only thing she could force out at the moment. 
“Fine.” He shut the door. 
“Well…” she stammered and walked toward her room. “FINE!” she yelled again, slamming her door. The room fell silent again. Jay looked over at Abby, who was still casually looking over her homework, as if nothing had happened. 
“How can you concentrate with all the yelling?” he asked. 
She stared at the book in front of her as if she didn’t hear him. “Hey! Hello?” he waved his hand in front of her. 
“Oh.” She smiled up at him and looked around. Once she noticed Alex and Maddie were no longer in the room, she pulled a pair of earplugs out of her ears. “Sorry. I came prepared.” 
Infuriated, Maddie swung open her closet door and ripped through clothes, trying to find the outfit she was planning on wearing. 
Frustrated, she grabbed her earbuds and turned on the heaviest, loudest death metal she had. If this kept up, she would end up deaf in a month. 
She finally found the dress she was looking for and realized she needed her deodorant in the bathroom. She grabbed her change of clothes and ran toward the bathroom. With the music blasting in her ears, she swung open the door. 
“Shit! What the hell Maddie?” 
Maddie dropped everything she was holding and screamed. Alex was frantically trying to find something to cover up with. He finally grabbed the end of the shower curtain. “What are you doing?” he yelled. 
Maddie’s mouth flew open, but no words were coming out. She didn’t just see what she thought she saw… Did she? She quickly put her hand over her eyes. “Oh my God, I’m sorry!” she croaked while yanking the ear buds from her ears. “The door doesn’t lock, I was going to tell you…” 
“Yeah, I noticed that! That’s why I turned the water on… so you could hear!” 
“I’m sorry!” she repeated while bending down to pick up things, praying that her face would turn back to its normal shade. Her hands were full once again, but she still continued to stand there, awestruck. 
“Did you need something?” he asked impatiently after a few moments. 
“Wh—No I was coming in here to get something… but I can wait until you finish…” 
“Okay.” 
“Okay.” She nodded, still not moving, she felt as if she was paralyzed. 
He stared back at her, shivering. “Can I take a shower now?” 
“Yes!” she blinked. “I’m sorry, I’ll go out here… and I’ll… be out here.” 
“Okay.” 
Maddie fumbled for the door and finally escaped the horror of it all. She closed her eyes and leaned against the door. Why did that have to happen right then? When he was furious with her already? 
She could feel her cheeks flaring up again when the image crept back into her mind. Her semi-happy thoughts were quickly interrupted when she heard chuckling nearby. She peered out of the corner of her eye at Jay, standing in the doorway. 
“You!” she charged for him. 
“What? No Maddie! He wiped his eyes from laughing so hard. “I didn’t do anything! That was all you!” 
“You’re enjoying it too much so I’m holding you responsible!” she yelled as she leapt for him. Jay yelled out as they both tumbled to the floor. She was holding him down, but it was taking all the strength she had. 
“You been working out kid?” she muttered while holding his arms down. This was a lot easier when they were younger; he was a scrawny little brat then. Since he had joined the police force, Jay had filled out nicely, unfortunately for her. 
“Uh huh, too much for ya now? You wuss!” he joked before wriggling free from her. Maddie scrambled to her feet and pulled on his ankles, tripping him and sending him back to the floor. 
“Nah, I like a challenge.” Maddie sat on top of him and pulled his head back in some old-school wrestling move. Abby walked by them on her way out the door, she paid them no mind. To her it was normal behavior. 
“Say goodbye to your sweet pea Abby!” Maddie yelled. Abby simply leaned down and gave him a kiss. 
“Do what you want, just leave him in one piece.” She said while walking out the door. 
“No promises!” she replied before Jay suddenly got the advantage and flipped her off of his back. He straightened his shoulders up and walked away, leaving Maddie lying in the floor. 
“You’re losing your touch girl.” 
She finally rose to her feet. “I let you win!” 
“Sure!” he called out before going into his room to change. 
Several moments later, Jay returned to the living room after getting dressed. Alex was sitting on the couch looking through the newspaper. He looked up and noticed Jay fumbling with his tie in the mirror, becoming frustrated with it. 
“Here, son.” He grinned and got up to help him. 
“Thanks. I’m not much of a tie wearer myself.” 
“Eh, it’s not so hard once you figure it out. There. See?” 
“Not bad!” Jay smiled while admiring the tie. “Your old man teach you how to do that?” 
“Never knew my old man.” Alex sighed as he sank back down on the couch. 
“I wish I hadn’t known mine. He didn’t teach me anything besides how to be an asshole.” 
“You got that down pat.” 
“Ah, funny guy, huh?” 
“I’m kidding.” Alex replied. “Do you ever see him? Or…” 
“Nah, he skipped town when I was a kid. On the run from his parole officer at the time, I believe.” 
“Sounds like you’re better off without him.” 
“That’s the truth. So, are you really leaving?” 
Alex stretched a little. “Yeah, it’s not working out, me staying here. It’s too stressful. We need to concentrate on the case, and we can’t do that while butting heads.” 
“Maybe it’d help if I talked to her?” 
“No, I should probably go. She clearly doesn’t want me here.” 
“Yeah, Maddie’s a complicated person at times…” 
“Tell me about it.” He paused. “But, I wasn’t the most responsible person last night either.” 
“Was it worth it?” 
“Not really. Guess I should have listened to you.” 
“Ah, don’t be too hard on yourself, we all give in some time or another.” 
Alex leaned up in his seat. “I guess if I’m planning on getting anywhere with this case, I need to apologize. We at least need to be able to work together.” 
Jay nodded in agreement and walked over to Maddie’s door. “Hey! You’re holding up progress in there!” 
“I’ll be out in a minute!” she yelled back. 
“Hurry up!” 
“I am! I kinda have a little more to… work with here than you.” She grumbled while fidgeting with the clasps on her dress. 
A few moments later she opened the door and walked past them as quickly as she could in high heels. “Aren’t you coming?” she asked as she turned to look at them. 
She was wearing a little black dress that was slightly revealing, at least more revealing than the jeans and T-shirt she usually wore. Alex kept staring when he knew she wasn’t looking. 
“You look like a girl!” Jay joked as they followed her out to the garage. Maddie rolled her eyes at him. 
“Thanks for noticing.” She laughed as he tossed her the keys. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chapter Four
 
 
Maddie was relatively silent during the ride to MLINC. She listened to Alex and Jay as they went over the plans, nodding and agreeing when necessary while she drove. She was too ashamed to speak up but had also come to her senses and felt bad for how she treated Alex. He knew what he was doing and was a better leader than she’d ever be. Regardless of how she‘d been acting, Maddie was relieved when he took charge of everything.
They arrived early and sat in the parking garage for a few minutes, going over everything one last time. There was a list of potential suspects, they would start at the least likely first and weed them out before getting to the top three, Howard Larkin, an assistant to the president who’s had an involvement with shady activity in the past, Anita White, the Vice President’s secretary, and Daniel Lewis, Vice President of the company, and the number one suspect. 
Once everything was clear, Jay slipped out of the passenger seat. 
“Where are you going?” she asked him. “We still have fifteen minutes.” 
“Thought I’d look around.” 
“Okay…” she opened her door. 
“Maddie?” Alex was climbing into the passenger seat beside her. “Can we talk for a minute?” 
His request startled her but slowly closed her door. “Sure.” She wondered what she had done wrong now. 
“I wanted to take a minute to apologize to you.” He stared straight ahead at the dashboard while he spoke. “When we go in there, we need to be professionals. And we cannot do that while biting each other’s heads off. So, I’m sorry.”
“Alex I…” she paused, unsure of what to say. “I have been just as bad, if not worse than you.” 
“It’s okay. There’s no need in bringing all that back up. Let’s put it behind us and do our job.” He smiled. “Truce?” 
“Truce.” She grinned back and shook his hand. 
“Hey guys!” Jay’s voice boomed through their ears. “The ear buds work perfectly!” 
“He’s going to drive us insane with these, isn’t he?” 
“Yeah, pretty much.” Maddie mumbled as they got out of the car. 
“I heard that!” 
“We know!” they both yelled back as they caught up with him. 
They walked in the front lobby of the lavish corporate building. Everything looked so modern and futuristic. There were windows that stretched from floor to ceiling, metal fragments hanging on the wall that were supposedly some type of art, and there were so many people. There were hundreds of people running around, exchanging papers, talking, selling ideas; it was a busy and fast-paced work environment.
The three of them joined the group of real new employees listening to a middle-aged lady give a welcoming speech. 
She was short and heavy-set, with a huge smile on her face. Her cheeks were almost as rosy as her bright red hair. She introduced herself as Mrs. Grissom, and she was in charge of the new-hire program, along with being the head secretary for the company. Everyone already had his or her positions assigned. Maddie was downstairs with Mrs. Grissom in data entry, along with some other young ladies.
She noticed several of them couldn’t keep their eyes off Jay and Alex. They giggled once when Alex glanced over their way. She shook her head and tried not to smile; it felt like high school all over again. 
The guys headed upstairs to the technical development department, their supervisor was Joe Bigeski, or as Mrs. Grissom said, everyone called him Mr. Biggs. It was an understatement to say the guy was enormous. The girls who were leering at Alex earlier, named Allison and Rebekah, were all gawking at Mr. Biggs. Obviously, they didn’t have a ‘type’, just male and breathing.
Maddie settled into her cubicle while Mrs. Grissom went over everything with her. She was in on the undercover job, as was Mr. Biggs, so they put Maddie, Jay and Alex in semi-secluded areas, so they could communicate quietly through the ear buds without being caught. 
“I think that’s everything my dear.” Mrs. Grissom sighed. “Just keep typing, no one will know the wiser.” She chuckled. “Good Luck.” 
“Thank you, Mrs. Grissom.” 
“You can call me Bea.” She smiled and patted her on the shoulder. “We don’t have to be so formal all the time.” 
“I guess not.” Maddie smiled back at her, her cheerfulness was catching! “Thank you, Bea.” 
“You’re welcome, I’ll be right over here if you need me.” 
“Okay.” She nodded. Maddie quickly shoved the memory card Alex had given her into the tower, it had software on it to hack into everyone’s account and scan it for malicious activity. 
“It’s working.” She whispered. 
“Great, minimize it and let it do its thing.” Alex replied to her. “How about you Jay?” 
“Yeah, got it. Sorry…” Jay replied a few minutes later. “That Allen kid wouldn’t stop talking.” Allen Greene was one of the other ‘real’ employees. He actually looked like he belonged there, unlike Mr. Biggs. He was tall and skinny and had long shaggy brown hair. He seemed to be quite the chatterbox. 
“Hope he won’t be too nosey. You’ll have to think of a way to scare him off.” 
“I’ll sic Biggie on him.” Jay looked out the corner of his eye at Mr. Biggs. “Hey man, how’s it goin?” he waved. Biggs didn’t move, he stood there, staring straight ahead. “I don’t think he likes me guys.” 
“Not someone I’d want on my bad side.” Alex chuckled. “We better get to work, nice job so far guys, Proud of you both.” 
 “Ten-four Sarge!” Jay replied.
“Thank you Alex.” Maddie whispered. 
He smiled to himself, happy that no one could see him, especially Jay. “You’re welcome, Maddie.” 
The hours crept by, Maddie was close to pulling her hair out by ten o’clock. She stared at the computer screen until her eyes were watery. She kept alternating from the software scan, to her data entry page. She may have gotten one actual report completed within the past three hours. 
Bea told her not to worry, she was giving her old reports that weren’t exactly priority at the moment, so there was no need to actually ‘work’. She tried surfing the Internet, but naturally, the company had all the good stuff blocked. 
“Typical.” She mumbled while closing out another error page. Sighing, she stared back up at the highly modernized platinum analog clock hanging on the wall. She could have sworn it was broken. 
“It’ll never move if you keep staring at it like that.” Maddie jumped when she heard a voice she didn’t recognize. She quickly made sure the scan wasn’t visible on her screen before turning around. 
 A young man was standing there in an Italian suit, his hair was short and blond, and he had striking blue eyes. 
“Hello,” he spoke politely while holding out his hand. “I’m Daniel Lewis.” 
She recognized the name right away, and so did Alex and Jay who were listening in. He was the Vice President of the company, Mr. Montgomery’s nephew, a millionaire…. and their prime suspect. 
“Oh, Hello Mr. Lewis.” She rose from her seat. “I’m Maddie Conley.” 
She could hear the guys talking loud and clear. “He’s taking the bait!” Jay exclaimed. 
“Great Maddie, keep him talking.” Alex encouraged her.
“Miss Conley…” Daniel released her hand. “One of the new hires correct?” 
“Yes, sir.” 
“Please sweetheart, call me Daniel.” 
“He’s awfully smug isn’t he?” Jay groaned before Alex shushed him. 
“All right, Daniel.” Maddie smiled back. He seemed surprisingly nice, and not too bad to look at either. 
“Why don’t you take a walk with me, get your mind off the time for a while. It’s okay.” He added when she hesitated. “You won’t get in trouble, I have a little pull around here.” He whispered. 
“Right. Of course.” She nodded and followed him past the long string of offices and down the curving hallway that led to one of the break rooms. 
He did most of the talking along the way, which was perfect since they would need all the information they could get from him. He mostly explained his job, talked about his many accomplishments, and his many homes. Maddie nodded and ‘wowed’ when necessary, it was clearly a one-sided conversation. 
They stopped in the break room; Daniel poured himself a cup of coffee. “Would you like a cup?” 
“Um… I’m not much of a coffee drinker.” She crinkled her nose. “I’ll probably grab a soda.” 
“Let me get it for you.” Before she could object, he already swiped his card at the machine. She thanked him after taking the can from the machine. 
He motioned for her to have a seat at the table. Maddie was a little reluctant but followed him. Obviously she would not get into trouble, but she wondered what the other employees would think. 
“So, what technical school referred you here?” 
Maddie looked up, almost choking on her drink, Alex told her what school they were pretending to be from, but she was drawing a blank. “Um… it’s nearby.” 
“Nashville Tech.” Alex whispered. 
“Nashville Tech! Sorry… momentary brain loss.” She laughed nervously. “First day jitters.” 
“That’s all right. What made you want to get into software development?” He asked. Maddie fumbled with the can on the table. She wasn’t mentally prepared for an interrogation. 
“I suppose it’s where the money seems to be.” She smiled. 
He smiled confidently. “I’d have to agree with that!” He stopped to take a drink of coffee, Maddie noticed she was anxiously tapping her foot against the table and abruptly stopped. 
“That’s a lovely charm…” Daniel admired her necklace. She had a silver charm in the shape of a Phoenix; it had an onyx oval on its chest. She also wore her old engagement ring on the chain. The Phoenix charm was the last gift her father had given her, she cherished it, and the charm never left her neck. “… An old family heirloom?” he asked.
Maddie looked down at it and hesitated for a moment. She could hear Alex’s voice again over the radio. “Don’t let it get too personal.” He warned. “It could be dangerous.” 
“Um… yeah. Something like that.” She replied and smiled again, hoping he’d drop it. 
“That would be a Phoenix, correct?” 
“That’s right.” 
“A mythical bird that never dies.” He chuckled. His smile wasn’t as warm as it had been earlier; Maddie was feeling a little uneasy. She was happy to see Daniel‘s secretary enter the break room to inform him of a phone call. 
“Oh, Anita.” He stood up. “This is Maddie Conley, one of the new interns with us.” 
Anita stared over at her, making eye contact for once. “Pleasure.” She gave her a forced smile. 
“Nice to meet you too.” Maddie replied, trying not to sound as cold. 
“Maddie dear, I’m so sorry to cut our conversation short, but I must take this, hope we can talk again soon?” 
“Sure, I’d like that.” 
“Great, looking forward to it.” He smiled before exiting the room behind Anita. Maddie waited until she was in the clear before finally exhaling. 
“I take it he’s gone now.” Jay chuckled. 
“Good Lord, all I was lacking was a heat lamp in my face.” She muttered before drinking the last of her soda and throwing the can in the recycling bin. “Did you get all of that?” 
“Loud and clear. And how freaking hot is Anita?” Jay exclaimed. “I passed by her earlier, she was totally making eyes at me.” 
“You’re delirious.” She turned the corner and headed back down the hallway. “Hey Alex?” 
“Yeah?” he spoke up. 
“Thanks for the save back there. I owe you.” 
“No problem.” He smiled. “You work well under pressure.” 
“Yeah, whatever. “Okay guys, temporarily disconnecting you all. Restroom break.” She discretely removed the ear bud and shoving it in her pocket. 
The restroom was empty when she walked in. Maddie took the stall on the end. She was about ready to exit when she heard the door open, thinking it could be a suspect, she placed the ear bud back in her ear and waited. She could hear the clinking of heels against the tile and the loud voices outside. She instantly recognized the voices of Rebekah and Allison.
“She seems to be a little high and mighty doesn’t she?” Allison responded to a conversation they were obviously having before they entered. 
“Really.” Rebekah answered. “I mean, who’s she to be going around chatting with the VP. Where’s our invitation?” both girls laughed. 
“Hey, you back?” Jay spoke up when he heard the voices on the other end. Maddie didn’t answer, she couldn’t. Even if she whispered her voice would echo like crazy in there. She remained as silent as she could and continued to listen. 
“You think she’s dating him?” Rebekah’s voice lowered as more employees entered the restroom. 
“Who?” 
“Him!” she said as if Allison should know. “Alex!” 
Maddie reach out to grab the handrail beside her for balance. Did everyone seriously think that? Why? Because they drove there together? The story they were telling everyone was that they were all acquaintances at school; they got the job offer together and carpooled. No one had said anything about anyone dating. 
“Did someone say my name?” 
Maddie froze, Alex heard everything! What other accusations were those two morons going to come up with? Without thinking, she quickly removed the ear bud again, disconnecting them. But she remained in the stall, there was no way she was facing them right now. 
Rebekah continued to speak. “That’s what someone was saying, I didn’t know.” 
“Like she could seriously get with a guy like that. Trust me, she’s not his type. She’s too… average.” 
Maddie could hear the annoying sound of their heels clacking against the tile again as the two girls left. She was about to step out of the stall when the toilet flushed loudly beside her. She waited until the other person left before finally exiting. She washed her hands and stared at herself in the mirror. “Right.” She agreed while dabbing her eyes with a paper towel. “Average.” She muttered.
Suddenly, she remembered that she wasn’t hearing voices in her head and quickly inserted the ear bud back into her ear. “Hey guys, sorry about that.” 
“Is something wrong?” Jay asked. 
“Oh... no. No, I’m okay.” Her voice was shaking terribly. She hoped it wasn’t too obvious. 
“I mean with the radio.” Jay answered. “You kept going in and out and we couldn’t hear you.” 
“Oh no, I could hear you I had taken it out a couple times…. its fine. Everything’s fine.” It was too late; Jay had already picked up on her uneasiness. 
“Okay.” He replied slowly. “And you’re okay? You sure?” 
“I’m fine, why wouldn’t I be?” 
“Hey, was someone talking about me before we disconnected?” Alex asked again. Maddie bit her lip. 
“Um… yeah.” She paused and thought for a moment. “I think some girls here have a crush on you.” 
“Ah, okay. As if I want jailbait.” He mumbled. Maddie laughed out loud and quickly covered her mouth as a man walked by and glared at her. 
She cleared her throat and calmed back down. “Thanks a lot, you’re going to get me in trouble!” She whispered. 
Alex laughed. “Better get back to work, love.” 
The first day had finally ended by four o’clock. Jay contacted Darryl on the hour-long drive home to let him know they could remove two suspects from the list, two from the bottom of the list that is. They still had a long way to go. Darryl congratulated them anyway; they had at least gotten farther than anyone else. 
“Never again!” Maddie cried as she fell onto the couch and kicked off the forsaken high heels. “My feet are going to die! From now on its flats and sandals or nothing!” 
“Oh, but the stilettos are sexy.” Jay joked before purposely stepping on her foot. 
“Get off!” she yelled while punching him in the side. He wandered off while dodging a cushion Maddie flung at him. She looked around for Alex; he had been in his room for a while. Slowly she walked over to his doorway, ignoring her aching feet for the moment. 
“What are you doing?” she asked. He had his suitcase lying on the bed and was folding up clothes. 
“Packing.” He looked up at her. “I told you this morning I would get a room.” 
Maddie ran over and grabbed his arm. “You don’t have to go.” 
“Maddie…You know we can’t get along.” 
“We were fine at work today!” 
“Yeah, but you don’t have to be so professional at home. I’d hate for us to end up killing each other.” 
“No, no, no.” she pleaded while picking up a shirt from the suitcase pile and laying it on the bed. “I was wrong and I’m sorry, really! I feel horrible for how I’ve treated you. Please… stay.” 
“I don’t think I should.” he placed the shirt back into his bag. 
Maddie picked the same shirt up again. “No, you’re staying. That’s it. I’m not arguing with you anymore.” 
He smiled a little; the twinkle was back in his eyes. “You always have to have it your way?” 
”It’s called persistence.” she smiled.
Alex snickered as he allowed her to enjoy her little victory. “Ok. I’ll stay if you insist.” 
“I do. And I won’t bring up your personal life anymore…” 
“Maddie…” he tried interrupting, but it was impossible when she rambled. 
“… It’s none of my business who you spend the night with…. as long as you…” 
“Maddie…M—“ 
“…come back here or show up to work…” she continued. “I won’t say a word. You won’t even know I’m---” 
He placed his hands on her shoulders. “Maddie?” 
“Yes?” 
“Don’t worry about it. I was wrong too. I’m sorry.” He smiled as she nodded. “How about we start over?” 
“Okay.” 
“Hi.” He held his hand out. “I’m Alex Stone.” 
“Hello Alex.” Maddie cheerfully shook his hand. “I’m Maddie Conley.” 
“It’s wonderful to meet you my dear!” 
She tried copying his accent. “Pleasure’s all mine ol’ chap!” 
“That was terrible.” They both laughed at her attempt. He followed her out of the room as they continued to talk. 
“So, is it Alex or Alexander?” she asked while leaning against the wall next to his room. He casually leaned against it too next to her. 
“Alexander.” He smiled when he said it, as if it was bringing back fond memories. “But no one has called me that since I was five.” He stared at the floor for a moment. “What about your name? Is it Madison?” 
She made a face that gave him his answer. “That’s a no.” He smiled. “Madeline?” 
“Madelyn.” She answered. “Slightly different I guess.” 
“Madelyn.” He grinned when her face flushed a little. “What is it?” 
“I just… I’ve never heard it said with the accent before. It sounds nice.” 
They both stood there for a few minutes, holding each other’s stare. Maddie couldn’t pull herself away from his eyes, but she wondered why he continued to look at her that way. After all, she was average. 
As much as she despised the girls at the office for what they had said, she had to agree with them. She felt she wasn’t anything special and that Alex could definitely do better than her. But he kept looking at her; with a smile on his face… maybe he was starting to have feelings for her. 
“Or maybe he’s half-asleep.” Maddie thought to herself. Jay’s yelling soon interrupted the staring contest. 
“Hey!” It took him a couple tries before he got their attention. “Hey! Yoo-hoo!” he grinned. “Hey, Lovebirds?” 
Alex’s head spun around toward Jay’s direction, as if he’d heard an explosion. Maddie blinked as they both answered him. “What?” 
“Abby’s getting pizza. Is pepperoni okay with everyone?” 
“Fine.” They answered in unison once again, both a little dazed. 
Jay continued chattering away on the phone while Alex made his way to the couch and turned the TV on. Maddie secretly cursed Jay for interrupting their... whatever it was they had going on earlier. 
“I think I’ll go take a shower.” 
Alex looked up at her. He had been staring mindlessly at the screen. “Oh.” He smiled suddenly. “Is it payback time?” 
Maddie was already at her door when he said that, she turned around, completely stunned. “I---uh… what?” 
”Kidding.” He grinned. “I won’t bother you.” 
She opened her door and then turned back around. “I’m really really sorry about that.” 
“It’s alright love.” 
“I promise it won’t happen again.” 
“It’s okay.” He reassured her again. She nodded and turned to enter her room. “If it happens again, though I get payback.” He quickly added. She shut the door, pretending not to hear him. 
Jay plopped down on the couch next to Alex after shutting off his phone. “So, I take it you’re staying?” 
“Yeah, I guess so.” 
“Great.” He smiled. “I like having you around, man. You make things interesting around here.” 
“Thanks.” He took the soda that Jay was holding out for him. 
“So, we’ve nailed two…Personally, I think we should focus on the main three.” 
Alex shook his head. “You can’t jump to conclusions with something like this. Even though things may seem obvious, we need to be sure.” 
“I guess you’re right. But at least we got Lewis talking.” 
“Maddie got him talking.” Alex added. 
“Right, hey… maybe she could set up a little get together with him.” 
“You mean like a date?” 
Jay sat up a little, getting excited about the plan forming in his head. “Exactly! She could get him to take her to his place, then sneak around, maybe get some info off his computer.” 
“No.” Alex rebuked. “That wouldn’t be a good move.” 
“What? Why not? It would be so easy!” 
“I’m sure it would.” He got up. “But it’s too dangerous.” 
“Maddie could handle it, and we could be right outside. We’d hear everything.” 
“I’m not putting her in that type of danger.” he replied assertively. 
“Why? You don’t think she could handle it?” Jay asked, confused. 
“I’m sure she could. But if Lewis is our guy, he could be more dangerous than we give him credit for. Trust me on this. Let’s stick to the original plan for now.” 
Jay nodded and backed off even though he that his idea would work. If he could get Maddie to agree with him, maybe they could both talk Alex into it. He knew he was only looking out for their safety, but why was he so bent against the idea? 
Abby soon arrived with the food and everyone sat at the table to eat. It was the most relaxing hour any of them had over the past two days. They talked like old friends; no one discussed the worries and stress from work or school. 
Alex was enjoying himself as much, if not more, than everyone else. This was what he had been missing for so long, the opportunity to simply hang out with other people. He looked across the table at Maddie, laughing at something random Jay had mentioned. Her face was practically glowing with happiness; it looked different from the day before. Definitely different from when she was angry with him. He was getting to see her genuinely happy. 
His eyes wandered to her hair. She had it clipped back with brown curls falling everywhere. The light above the table brought out tiny gold highlights. 
He watched as she twirled a strand of hair around her finger while listening to Abby. She was so… normal. Not in a bad way, though. The girls he was usually attracted to were all the same. And were all so very unlike Maddie. His attraction to her baffled him but intrigued him at the same time. 
She was laughing again when she turned to face him. “What do you think Alex?” Her question shook him out of his hypnotized-like stare. 
“What? Oh… I wasn’t paying much attention.” He smiled, his eyes fixated on her. 
“Geez, I have to ask the question again?” Jay groaned. “Wake up dude! Where you at?” 
“I’m awake!” he laughed. “Just in my own little world. What was the question?” 
Jay rambled on again about some random trivia question he had heard on the radio that had everyone stumped. Alex was trying to give him his full attention, but it was useless. 
He glanced back over at her and quickly looked away when she met his eyes. They looked at each other again and smiled. This could work out, or tragically fail. But Alex and Maddie both loved a challenge; perhaps this challenge would be worth all risks involved in the end. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Five
 
 
The rest of the week went by better than expected. Maddie, Jay and Alex had eliminated every name from the list aside from the top three by Friday. They were doing extremely well on the case, but Darryl reminded them they had only narrowed the list down to the obvious suspects. The past week, while difficult, was only the tip of the iceberg. Pinpointing and proving who the culprit was out of the final three wouldn’t be as easy.
While the case was getting more stressful, the atmosphere around the loft was anything but that. The harsh words and angry looks from the beginning of the week between Maddie and Alex were gone. It was safe to say they were friends, or at least good acquaintances. Maddie didn’t want to push her luck. Even when he was practically flirting with her, which was happening more and more frequently, she continued to convince herself it could never happen. She didn‘t want to allow herself to get caught up in all her daydreams and fantasies. Besides, he had a home and career in Brooklyn he’d surely be going back to once the case was over. She felt there was no point in holding onto false hope. 
Alex wasn’t the only person who was acting friendlier. Daniel was constantly talking to Maddie now at work. That was a good thing, as far as the case was concerned. It wasn’t good however for her reputation. The jealousy from the other females at work was nerve-wracking. So many times, she wanted to scream to the top of her lungs that it was all an act. The sooner they resolved the case, the better off her sanity would be.
 
It was their second Monday morning at the office and nearing lunchtime. Maddie had already had two run-ins with Daniel, including their usual meeting in the break room. She tried to dodge him one day by taking her break thirty minutes later, which was fine until Alex and Jay yelled at her for missing an opportunity. She didn’t want to hurt the case, but she couldn’t stomach hearing the whispers and backlash from her co-workers. 
 
She was busy organizing files when she saw Mr. Larkin, the least conspicuous of the three suspects, approaching. He was the only person they hadn’t interacted with yet. “Hello Mr. Larkin.” Maddie spoke cheerfully. He looked at her coldly and hurried on. Obviously he wasn’t a people person. “Isn’t he pleasant?” She muttered. 
 
“You can’t charm them all.” Jay spoke up.
 
“Apparently not.” She sank back into her chair. “So, prepared for your lunch date?” she giggled. Mrs. Grissom had taking a liking to Jay, she always talked about how adorable he was and how he reminded her of her old high school sweetheart. She sat with him in the break room and would talk his ear off for the entire lunch hour, usually about her cat, Mr. Snuffles.
 
“Ha, you’re hilarious.” He joked. “As a matter of fact, I enjoy my daily dose of Snuffles! Did you know that cat is twelve years old?”
 
“That’s amazing.” She replied sarcastically. 
 
“Yes, and he loves chunky tuna, in water. Not the oil… because the oil gives him a tummy ache.” 
 
Maddie laughed. “See, at least you’re getting educated.” She closed the small filing cabinet in her cubicle and was startled when she turned around to see Alex standing there.
 
“Sorry. I wanted to ask you something.” 
 
“You know you shouldn’t be here.” Her voice lowered as she glared over toward her co-workers. “People will talk.” She joked.
 
“Ah, give them something to talk about.” He grinned evilly. No matter how many times she had seen it over the past week, Maddie couldn’t get used to that devilish smile. “I was wondering if you’d like to go out to lunch.”
 
“Me?”
 
He gave her a tired look. “Yes you. Who else am I talking to here?” 
 
“Me!” Jay yelled out into their ears, they both made a face. “And I’d love to go honey, where are we going?” he joked. 
 
“I wasn’t talking to you, get out of my head.” 
 
“Maddie.” He spoke clearly so that Jay would get the message “Would you like to go to lunch with me?” 
 
“I’m inside your head….” Jay talked in a creepy voice. “Listenin’ to your pickup line…” 
 
“That’d be great.” Maddie replied. 
 
“Great.” Alex smiled. 
 
“Yeah, great! I get to hear everything.” Jay chuckled. 
 
“Oh, I would consider lunch time being off duty wouldn’t you?” 
 
“Yeah, definitely.” 
 
“So, we could remove the earbuds then?”
 
“No!” Jay yelled. 
 
“I don’t see why not?” 
 
“All right see you at twelve.” Alex smiled before walking away. Maddie stared at him until he turned the corner toward the elevators. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex told Maddie to meet him in the parking garage. He was waiting for her inside the Firebird which they had driven to work that morning. 
 
“Can you believe he’s letting me drive it?” Alex grinned as Maddie closed the door. “His prized possession?”
 
“Technically, it’s half mine, so I get a say in who drives it too.”
 
“Oh? I didn’t know that.”
 
“Legally it’s mine!” Jay yelled out. Alex and Maddie looked at each other.
 
“I forgot we’re off duty.” She smiled while removing her ear bud before Jay protested.
 
“Hey, that’s right. Have fun with Mr. Snuffles.” Alex called out to Jay before disconnecting him. “So, how is this also your car?” he asked as they made their way onto the highway.
 
“I bought it for Ethan. It was a complete junker. He and Jay completely re-built everything. It took them forever!” she smiled and shook her head at the faint memories of their garage being covered in auto parts.
 
“It was Ethan’s car but since Jay helped him, he let him borrow it whenever he’d leave…” she paused and remembered that she hadn’t told Alex anything about him. “He was in the Army.”
 
“Oh, okay.” Alex nodded.
 
“He would always tell Jay every time he left that the car was his if he didn’t make it back.” She smiled faintly, holding back her emotions as best she could.
 
Alex stared ahead, trying to find the right words to say. He was never quite sure what had happened to Ethan. Maddie didn’t talk about him much and since that first night at the loft he decided not to ask too many questions about him. He reached over to switch gears then placed his hand on her leg.
 
“We were planning on getting married when he got back.” She continued. Surprised at how easy the words were coming out of her mouth. She never talked to anyone about it, not any more than she had to, anyway. “It’s funny, every time he left before that, I’d always prepare myself for the worst. Convince myself that there was a great possibility I’d never see him again.” She stared out the passenger window, twirling her hair again.
 
“But the last time he left… I was so busy preparing for the wedding.” She smiled. “I was so sure he’d be back, He came back every other time. So, he had to come back this time.” Her voice trailed off as her hand now rested on top of his.
 
“How long has he been gone?”
 
“Three years. This past Monday was three years.”
 
Alex cursed under his breath, angry with himself. No wonder she had been on edge. And his attitude earlier that week surely didn’t help the situation. “I don’t know what to say, you had every right to be angry with me.”
 
“What? No, I didn’t How were you supposed to know?”
 
He started to answer but couldn’t come up with a response right away. “I suppose I couldn’t have known but still…” he paused as the car came to a stop in front of the restaurant.
 
“I shouldn’t have treated you that way. I certainly wouldn’t have if I had known…that you were so brokenhearted.” She smiled back at him; she hated that he felt so bad. There wasn’t any reason for him to. Before she realized what she was doing, Maddie had her fingers wrapped around his hand, holding it tightly.
 
“Alex, it’s fine. It’s not like my heart is made of glass and you shattered it to pieces. It’s held up so far, I‘m sure it’s shatterproof by now.”
 
The restaurant was very nice; Maddie had first assumed they were going to some random fast food place. She was pleasantly surprised when they pulled up and saw that it was one of the nicer establishments in the area. They got out of the car and took a seat at one of the outside tables. The temperature was warm enough for it to be comfortable, and a cool breeze filled the air every occasionally. There were fancy little patio tables with umbrellas outside. Ivy vines covered the black iron gates surrounding the facility and large flower pots filled with colorful spring flowers sitting everywhere. The food smelled delicious as well. Maddie tried not to get caught up in how romantic the setting was.
 
“I heard Mrs. Grissom talking about this place.” Alex told her after they ordered their food. 
 
“Really?” 
 
“Yeah, she suggested I bring you here.” Maddie almost laughed as she got a drink. “I think she’s trying to play matchmaker.” He continued. She loved how his eyes lit up when he would smile.
 
“She’s a sweet lady. Very motherly.”
 
“Yeah, that she is.” He had a faraway look in his eyes for a moment, but then turned back to his food.
 
“Are you thinking of home?” Maddie asked when he got quiet.
 
“Nah, not really.”
 
“How long have you lived in the states?”
 
“Around fifteen years.” He answered.
 
“Wow, what about your family? Did they move here with you?”
 
“No…” he took a drink and mulling over the answer in his head. Surely a little of honesty couldn’t hurt. “I was left on the front steps of an orphanage when I was five months old.”
 
Maddie blinked and finally swallowed her food. He joked around so much that it was kind of hard to believe such a statement. But he was serious. The look on his face was clear. “Oh, my god.” She finally replied. “So, you don’t know any of your actual family?”
 
“Not a soul.” He shook his head. “But enough of my sad story.” He smiled and tapped the table. “I want to hear more about you.”
 
“There’s not much you don’t already know.” She picked around at her food.
 
“I’m sure you could surprise me.” There was that smile again, Maddie wanted to run and hide. 
“Like your charm, the one Lewis was asking about. You were a little hesitant with the details, any reason for that?”
 
She held onto the charm while she talked. “It was the last gift my Dad gave me before he died. There’s no more significance to it, it’s a sentimental thing. It never leaves me.”
 
“What happened to him? Was he sick?”
 
“No.” she sighed. “He was a private investigator. He’d been working on a case for several months undercover. Dad had gotten in good with the criminals. When they found out about his betrayal, they murdered him.”
 
“That’s horrible, but unfortunately things usually end up that way. How old were you?”
 
“I was twelve.”
 
“So, your mom took care of you?”
 
“My mom died when I was four.” Maddie added in, almost smiling at his shocked expression. She’d seen it a million times before from others. “She had Cancer. I don’t remember much about her.”
 
“My goodness, love.” He shook his head.
 
“Don’t get too close. I’m otherwise known as the Plague.” 
 
“No, I was actually going to say, our lives have been oddly similar.” He thanked the waitress as she refilled their drinks. “Who raised you then?”
 
“Darryl.” Maddie smiled. “Yes, Darryl.” She laughed at his expression. “And his wife Clara. Darryl was my Dad’s best friend. He’s been in my life since I was a baby.”
 
“No wonder he’s so protective.”
 
Maddie nodded. “That’s also how I met Jay. Darryl and Clara adopted him.”
 
“Did they really?”
 
“Yeah, he was a foster kid, always getting into trouble. Darryl was tired of throwing him in juvenile.” She shook her head. “He was a handful at the time.”
 
“Now, that’s hard to imagine.” Alex chuckled. They were quiet for a few minutes as they finished up their food, the lunch hour was quickly ending.
 
“Can I ask you something?” Maddie asked him.
 
“Sure. I’ve asked you enough.”
 
“Since we’ve had similar childhoods, if you could go back in time and change something, would you do it?”
 
Alex cleaned his plate and thought for a moment. “No, definitely not. Even though it would have been nice to have a typical childhood, the things that happened back then made me who I am today.”
 
Maddie smiled. “That’s exactly how I see it! I’ve asked other people that, and they don’t get it. Practically everyone I know says they’d at least go back and change something. Your past gives you character.”
 
“Exactly, and it makes you a stronger person in the end.” He agreed.
 
Maddie finished up her food. “I can’t believe we have so much in common, especially when we were at each other’s throats earlier this week.” 
 
“And again, I apologize for that.”
 
“Stop saying that.” she warned. “I’m just as guilty.” Alex asked for the check as the waitress walked by. She laid it on the table when she passed back through. Both Maddie and Alex reached for it.
 
“What are you doing?” he asked her, pulling on the check.
 
“Um… seeing how much I owe?” she replied.
 
“I’m paying!”
 
“The hell you are.” Maddie laughed and jerked the check from his hands. “Alex, I have money.”
 
“I don’t care.” he pulled the paper from her hands. “I asked you to lunch. You don’t pay when someone asks you.”
 
She glared back at him playfully. “I was not aware of that. If I knew you were buying, I would have ordered the special.” She grabbed the check from him again.
 
“I’ve already seen how much it is, so I’m going to pay.” He left a tip on the table and practically ran toward the cashier station inside the front door.
 
Maddie’s mouth flew open. “No, you’re not!” She threw money on the table; he wasn’t going to out-tip her too. At least the waitress would enjoy this little squabble. She finally caught up to him, thankfully there was a line, and he hadn’t paid yet. He was laughing at her as she hurried in the door.
 
“Alex Stone you are not paying for my food.” She muttered.
 
“Would you stop overreacting?”
 
“I am not---“. She stopped and smacked his arm, which got them some looks from the others in line. She could hear an older couple laughing at them. “I’m not overreacting” She muttered under her breath.
 
He snickered while rubbing his arm. “Then let me buy you lunch. Do you do this to every guy that takes you out to eat?”
 
“Well, no…” she stammered. “But I haven’t been out on a date in years…”
 
“Who said this was a date?” he smiled at her.
 
“I didn’t…” she ignored his laughter. “I was just saying…”
 
“If this were a date, would you let me pay?” 
 
“ I guess so.”
 
“Then it’s a date.” He quickly handed the cashier the check and swiped his debit card. Maddie was holding out her card trying to stop him.
 
“Would you stop?” he laughed and picked up a small lollipop lying in a jar that the restaurant had set out for kids. “May I?” he asked the cashier. The lady smiled at them and nodded. Alex ripped the paper off and slipped the lollipop in Maddie’s mouth to keep her quiet.
 
“MMmmf!” she muttered as he pushed her toward the door.
 
“Have a lovely day.” He told the cashier as they exited the restaurant.
 
They were back on the road before either of them had said anything. Alex was laughing to himself while Maddie was content with her candy. “Are you mad at me again?” he finally asked. She pulled the lollipop from her mouth. “It’s cotton candy flavored!” she smiled. “No, I’m not mad at you. I wish you had told me you’d be buying.”
 
“You still would have argued with me!”
 
“True.” She smiled. “It was a nice lunch regardless. Thank you.”
 
 “You’re welcome.” Alex looked back over at her. “Back to our game of twenty questions…you said back there that you haven’t been on a date in years. How come?”
 
Maddie crunched down on her candy before answering. “I haven’t been too concerned with dating since Ethan died.” She shrugged. 
 
“So, you haven’t been involved with anyone?” he asked as she shook her head. “At all?” 
 
“Why is that so hard for you to believe? Mr. Mysterious.” She added. “Apparently you’re just as afraid of commitment as I am.” He gave her a confused look. “Jay likes to talk…a lot.”
 
“I’ll have to have a talk with him too.” He muttered. 
 
“I think the bigger mystery here,” she continued. “Is why you are single? As opposed to me, it’s obvious why I am.” 
 
“What do you mean by that?” 
 
“I’m so…average.” She thought of her co-worker’s description. Suddenly Maddie felt gravity plunge her forward as the brakes screeched. Alex had almost missed a red light. 
 
“You’re not average. What would make you think something like that?” She didn’t answer him. He shifted gears as the light turned green. “You should think better of yourself Maddie, You’re beautiful.” 
 
She blinked and stared over at him, his eyes fixated on the road. Was she hearing things? Did he just say that? It had been so long since she had heard it; Maddie was convinced that she might never hear it again. “Thank you.” She replied, still a little shocked. The car fell silent during the last few minutes of the drive back to the office. Alex seemed to be troubled about something. She tried to figure out what exactly it could be but only ended up giving herself a headache by the time they parked the car.
 
“You never answered my question.” She finally spoke up as they stepped onto the garage elevator. 
 
“What was that?” 
 
“Why are you single?” she asked, hoping to get an answer this time. He fidgeted with his watch; suddenly the shiny gold band seemed to hold all of his attention. 
 
“With our type of work, it’s a little difficult.” 
 
“It could be.” She replied slowly. 
 
“You have to deal with so many dangerous situations. I don‘t like the idea of putting someone I love in danger.” 
 
“So, you choose to not fall in love at all?” she asked. “That’s a little depressing.” 
 
“Not really, you get used to being alone after a while.” He glanced over at her. “Wouldn’t you agree?” 
 
“Not sure if I’ve ever gotten used to it.” She whispered. “Maybe you haven’t found the right person yet. You’ve not found that one person out there that would change your mind.” 
 
The doors opened, and he turned to smile at her. “You could be right.” He strolled off the elevator. Maddie quickly ran to stop the doors from closing. 
 
“Thanks again for lunch.” She called out. 
 
“No problem.” He waved before turning the corner. The doors closed, and Maddie leaned against the back wall of the elevator, smiling to herself. 
 
 
 
It was close to four o’clock and Maddie was still in a daze over her lunch outing… date… thing she had with Alex. She was sorting through more files left on her desk when she saw one with a note attached. It said to deliver the file to Daniel Lewis. Maddie groaned to herself as she slowly rose to her feet and made her way to the elevator. The doors opened to Jay’s smiling face.
 
“Hey there Freebird. What’cha got there?” 
 
“Would you stop saying that!” she grumbled as the doors closed and she playfully swatted him with the folder. “I have to deliver a file to Mr. Lewis.” She added a hint of sarcasm when she said his name.
 
“Goody, keep your ears on!” 
 
“Aye Captain.” She muttered.. 
 
“So, how was lunch?” Jay grinned at her, knowing she couldn’t be completely honest with Alex listening in. 
 
“The food was delicious.” The look on her face told otherwise.
 
“Was that all?” The elevator dinged, and the doors opened on Lewis’ floor. Maddie smiled and placed her hand on her forehead as if she was about to faint, insinuating how her lunch went without saying it out loud. She was walking backwards as she grinned and winked at Jay. Suddenly she backed into someone and fell against them.
 
“Second time I’ve had to catch you.” Alex helped back to her feet. Jay was doubled over from laughing so hard, he high-fived Alex as he stepped inside. 
 
“Watch your step love.” He winked right before the doors shut. Maddie was speechless, and absolutely nauseated from embarrassment. She ran to the restroom to give her face time to cool off before forcing her way to Daniel’s office. Once she was calm, she made her way down the hall and knocked on the door. Daniel was on the phone, but motioned for her to come in. Maddie quietly closed the door behind her and walked over to the windows showing a panoramic view of the Nashville skyline.
 
“It’s a beautiful view, isn’t it?” he walked up behind her, getting a little too close.
 
“It is.” She smiled and turned to face him, holding the folder up to give herself some space between them. “Someone left this on my desk.” 
 
“Thank you.” He laid the folder on the desk without paying it any mind. “Have a seat.” 
 
“Oh, I’d like to but it’s about that time.” She smiled, never so happy to see the end of the day. “The guys are waiting for me and I should probably clear my desk.” 
 
“They’ll wait.” He gestured toward the chair as she reluctantly sat down. “I wanted to ask you something.” 
 
“Okay.” She sank down into the large leather seat in front of his desk and waited impatiently. 
 
“I saw you leave for lunch today with Mr. Stone.” he adjusted his tie while staring out the window. “Didn’t realize the two of you were an item.” He smiled as he turned to face her, but Maddie couldn’t read his facial expressions well. He wasn’t exactly angry, he just looked… strangely disturbed for some reason.
 
“Oh, we’re not. We’re just friends. Alex wanted to be nice and buy my lunch.” She caught herself twirling her hair again and quickly laid her hands on her lap. 
 
“That was sweet.” He smiled again that same confusing smile. Maddie wondered why it was any of his business. 
 
“Is there a problem?” she asked. 
 
“Oh no, I wanted to make sure you weren’t involved with anyone before I asked you out myself.” He smiled, this time it appeared more charming as he sat on the edge of his desk. “I thought that maybe I could take you out to eat this weekend.” 
 
“Maddie.” Alex spoke over the ear bud. “We’ve talked about this love.” She bit her lip while remembering the past week’s discussions. Jay had mentioned his idea to her, and she had been all for it. But Alex was still dead against it. “We’re not doing this.” He warned. 
 
“I still don’t understand why this is a bad idea.” Jay’s voice echoed as he and Alex were arguing in the car, waiting on Maddie. 
 
“Because I said it’s not a good idea. Leave it at that.” Alex replied angrily. 
 
Maddie closed her eyes to tune out their arguing. “You mean,” she cleared her throat. “Like a date?” 
 
“A business-related date.” Daniel explained. “See, my secretary Anita may leave me soon. She’s has another job offer out of state, it’s really too good for her to pass up.” He stood up to pace the floor as he talked. 
 
“And I was just thinking to myself about how you’re such an exceptional worker, but you don’t want to stay in data entry for your entire career.” He paused in front of her for a moment. “This would be a great opportunity for you dear.” 
 
Maddie was taken aback. What was she supposed to do when offered a promotion for a fake job? “Um… I’m flattered Daniel.” She forced a smile. He grinned back in satisfaction, this wasn’t looking good.
“So, shall we make a date to discuss things further?” 
 
Before she could even respond she heard Alex’s warning. “Don’t even think about it.” 
Jay’s response was quickly following. “Yes, let’s wave at this wonderful opportunity as it passes us by.” He argued back. Maddie was fuming; she would need to have a long talk with those boys about keeping their comments to themselves while she was trying to think.
 “You know, I just remembered, Jay’s hosting a birthday party sometime this week for his girlfriend and I’m not sure what night it will be.” She partially lied. She had known the exact time and date for months because she had called and set things up. “I can’t miss it, she’s my best friend.”
“Good job Maddie.” Alex sighed in relief.
 
“But.” She added as Daniel’s face was turning a tad dismal. “I’ll find out when it is from him tonight and let you know something tomorrow.” 
 
“Dammit!” Alex exclaimed while punching his fist against the dash. 
 
“Dude leave the car out of this.” Jay patted the dash. 
 
“That’ll be fine.” Daniel’s face lit back up. “However, I’m going out of town, I’ll be gone tomorrow and Wednesday. But I’ll be back on Thursday. You can let me know something for sure then.” 
 
“Okay.” Maddie stood up to leave. “Was that all you needed to ask me?” 
 
“Yes. Apologize to the others for me, sorry for keeping you so long.” He smiled sincerely but Maddie wasn’t sure if he actually meant it. 
 
“I will. Have a safe trip.” She smiled as his phone rang, giving her a definite escape. Maddie removed the ear bud as soon as she was alone. Alex would have plenty of time to yell at her when she got to the car. 
 
 
 
 
 
“No!” Alex yelled from the couch for the hundredth time. It was Wednesday night; He and Jay were sitting in front of the TV with a huge bowl of popcorn, watching one of the final basketball games of the season, or at least attempting to. Maddie’s pacing around was making their viewing nearly impossible. 
 
“If you would listen for one minute.” She pleaded. 
 
“Maddie I’ve listened to you ever since you got into the car yesterday evening. My answer was no then.” He leaned forward and tried to get a better view of the game. “And it still is.” 
 
“Please?” she asked again even though it was getting her nowhere. Alex was almost as bullheaded as she was. Almost. The solving of this case could mean a huge promotion for her and Jay on the force. Not to mention gain them their ever so needed respect from Darryl. She wasn’t about to back down when they’ve come so close.
 
“I’ll go along with whatever you say.” She continued. They were both yelling at the TV over her voice. “Hey!” 
 
“Could you scoot over a bit from the telly love?” Alex asked with his eyes glued to the screen. 
 
Maddie stepped to the left. “Here?” 
 
“That’d be great.” 
 
“Or over here?” she moved back and forth to annoy him. Any response was better than nothing. 
 
“You know you make a better door than a window.” He commented while throwing popcorn at her. 
 
“Could you give me a reason?” she demanded, still refusing to move from in front of the TV. “Do you not think I’m capable of doing it?” 
 
“It’s not that.” 
 
“Dammit Maddie! Be still!” Jay yelled. 
 
“Then what is it?” she demanded. 
 
“He’s a dangerous person Maddie!” 
 
She waved her arms in the air, infuriating Jay even more. “I’m a cop! That’s what I signed up for, dealing with dangerous people!” 
 
“Oh, here we go…” Jay angled his head around her to catch a glimpse of his team getting control of the ball. 
 
Alex was moving around as well, trying to see the game while continuing to argue. “He’s a sneaky, conniving little prick and I don’t like the idea of you being alone with him!” 
 
Suddenly he leaned forward and to Maddie’s surprise, pulled her down on top of him. She grabbed the bowl of popcorn as Alex and Jay both jumped up in victory of their team winning the game. Maddie sat there unamused, picking popcorn out of her hair. 
 
“That was an awesome game!” Jay exclaimed as they sat back down on the couch, sandwiching Maddie in between them. Alex began to respond to him before he was interrupted. 
 
“Can we forget about the damn game and discuss my problem here?” she yelled.
 
“No.” they both answered at once.. Maddie groaned and tried to pull herself out of the plunging hole in the middle of the couch. The guys scooted in closer to her.
 
“Why do you think I can’t defend myself?” She threw her head back against the back of the couch in annoyance.
 
“You can’t even get your ass off the couch for one thing…” 
 
“Shut up Jay!” she muttered while struggling against them.
 
“I’m sure you can defend yourself.” Alex answered. “Don’t ask me why, I just don’t like the guy! Have you not noticed how he looks at you?” 
 
“Yes.” She finally escaped, stood up and straightened her clothes. “Yes, I have. That’s why I want to be the one to convict him. And why are you being so protective? You’re protective, Jay’s protective… Darryl won’t let cross the freaking street for god’s sake.” She waved her arms in the air and stomped her foot. “I may as well be in a plastic bubble!”
 
Alex and Jay stared back at her as she caught her breath. “You know…” Alex chewed on some popcorn still miraculously left in the bowl. “You’re kinda sexy when you’re angry.” He teased. Maddie’s eyes widened as she stared back at them. Where on earth did that come from? He could be so random sometimes.
 
“Wait till’ she gets all flustered.” Jay added pointing at her. 
 
Alex laughed. “Yep…there it goes, there’s the face getting all red…”
 
”My favorite thing is the flaring nostrils.” Jay added. “Never realized they could get that huge.”
 
“I hate you both.” Maddie grumbled defeat as she turned and walked toward her room, slamming the door behind her. Jay dug around for more popcorn and looked over at Alex smiling. 
 
“So, when are you going to tell her you’ve already agreed to go through with it?” 
 
Alex chuckled. “I don’t know. I wonder how long I can keep this up.” He ate the rest of the popcorn left in the bowl before slowly getting up from the couch. 
 
“I better go talk to her.” He sighed, not wanting the fun to end. He knocked on the door and cautiously opened it. “Maddie?” quickly he ducked to dodge a pillow.
 
“I have a shoe!” she warned as he entered the room. 
 
“I come in peace.” He held up his hands and sat beside her on the bed. 
 
“What do you want now?” she tried her best to stay angry with him and was failing miserably as a smile crept on her face as he moved closer to her. 
 
“I wanted to let you know, that after seeing your dramatic performance in there,” he paused. “I’ve decided to let you go ahead with the plan.” She gave him a non-believing glare. “Don’t give me that look, I’m serious!” 
 
“Really?” she smiled when she knew he wasn’t lying. She immediately threw her arms around his neck. “Oh, thank you!” she practically squealed. 
 
 “But Maddie…” 
 
“I know I know.” She pulled away. “You call all the shots. I don’t do anything unless you tell me to. You are in control.” 
 
“That’s fine.” He nodded. “But I want you to be careful.” He stared into her eyes, knowing she didn’t fully understand the danger she would be in. 
 
“I will be! I promise!” she replied excitedly. “You do not understand how happy I am.” 
 
“I think I have a pretty good idea.” He smiled at her beaming face. 
 
“I’m so glad you agreed. Here I was thinking you didn’t have any faith in me either.” Her comment stung a little; it wasn’t like that at all. Alex wanted so badly to tell her why he was so strongly against it. Maddie’s breath got caught in her throat when his hand touched the side of her face. His voice was soft when he spoke and his eyes full of concern for her.
 “I have faith in you.”
 
Maddie had never seen that look on his face before. He looked worried. Obviously there was a reason to be, they had no idea what Daniel was capable of. So, there was a general reason for concern with any case they took on. But judging by the look on his face, his concern was about something else entirely. As if he knew more about Daniel than she did.
“Alex?” she was about to ask him what was wrong when he removed his hand and stood up suddenly, as if he shouldn’t be there.
 
“It’s late. Better get some rest.” He smiled back at her before walking over to the door. “Good Night Maddie.”
 
 
 
 
Chapter Six
 
The next day was physically draining because of an early morning meeting at seven, which caused everyone to be severely groggy. The hour-long lecture during the meeting didn’t help matters either. Maddie tried to keep from yawning while pretending to be interested in the health insurance information the company offered. She tiredly scanned over the papers that were being handed out and prayed that this wouldn’t be the highlight of her day.
They held the meeting in a conference room filled with long, lunchroom style tables. Maddie was sitting across from Alex, but he turned to face the front of the room where the insurance representative was speaking. He hadn’t said much to her that morning, probably because they had all woke up an hour earlier than usual, or at least she figured that’s what his excuse would be. She couldn’t shake the feeling that something was bothering him. The way he reacted the night before, he seemed like he wanted to get closer to her, but something was pulling him away. As soon as the meeting was over, at precisely eight o’clock, everyone got up quickly, eager to leave. Alex grabbed his things and rushed toward the door. He squeezed through the crowd of people surrounding the exit.
Maddie tried catching up to him, but he was too fast for her. She was determined to find out why he was suddenly avoiding her and wanted to get him talking. That was the plan for the day. She spotted him as he paused across the hall to get a drink at the water fountain. And walked toward him when suddenly she felt someone slam against her.
“Oh God, I’m sorry Maddie.” Allen gasped as papers went flying to the floor.
“It’s okay.” She helped him pick the forms up. “I wasn’t watching where I was going.”
“I don’t know if these are yours or mine…” he stared at the messy stack of colorful paper in front of him.
“It probably doesn’t matter. I think out of the fifty papers they gave us, there’s only one form we have to fill out.”
“True.” He straightened his clothes as he stood. “So much for the trees.” He frowned at all the wasted paper. “Are you going to sign up for it?” he asked as they walked together.
 
“Probably.” Maddie nodded, not knowing what she was pretending to agree to. “It sounds like a good plan.” She assured him. 
 
Allen nodded and studied the papers. “I guess so. All this adult responsibility is new to me.” He looked up a little stunned when they stopped at the elevators. Daniel Lewis was already standing there waiting.
 
 “Hello Mr. Lewis.” He smiled, trying to be impressive in front of the VP. “Did you have a nice trip, sir?” 
 
“Wonderful.” Daniel smiled back at him confidently, not missing the opportunity to glance over at Maddie. “Thanks for asking Mr…” 
 
“Greene. Allen Greene sir.” He anxiously shook his hand. “They recently hired me through the Nashville Tech program.” 
 
“I see. All of you techies stick together hm?” He shot another look Maddie’s way as they stepped onto the crowded elevator. 
 
Allen kept talking to Daniel about his interest in the company, his technical degrees and accomplishments. Maddie couldn’t tell if Daniel was truly impressed or stringing the poor kid along by his responses. He was a very trivial person to read, much like someone else she knew. The elevator dinged loudly as they reached Maddie’s floor. She stepped forward when Daniel touched her lightly on the shoulder.
“Would you care to come to my office for a moment?” he asked. Maddie bit her lip to keep from yelling at him, there were still plenty of people left in the elevator, and they all now had their attention on her. She nodded and reluctantly stepped away from the doors.
 
They exited the elevator on the top floor; Maddie stayed two steps behind him as they walked toward his office. She was eager to get this conversation over with but that still didn’t mean she wanted to be around him any longer than she had to.
 
She gave him an annoyed look once his back was turned after he offered her a seat. She wasn’t planning on having a lengthy conversation; she wanted to accept the date and get on with her day. 
 
“It’s great to be home.” He sat down in the oversized leather chair. 
 
“I’m glad you enjoyed your trip.” She forced a smile and kept reminding herself that she should at least appear to enjoy being around him. 
 
“It was fantastic, but now it’s time to get back to work.” He flashed his charming smile again. “Have you given any more thought to my invitation?” 
 
Maddie nodded. Pleased that he was already getting to the point. “Yes, the birthday party is tomorrow night, so I’m free to go Saturday if that’s not a problem.” 
 
His face brightened when she spoke. “Wonderful! That’ll be fine, no problem at all. So, do you want to meet at the restaurant? I know this great place you’ll love it’s…” 
 
“Actually, I thought I could meet you at your house…” she quickly interrupted. “You’ve talked so much about it. I’d love to see it.” She smiled sweetly, hoping to persuade him. “And then we can leave from there after a little tour?” 
 
He thought for a moment, Maddie was afraid that he would not go along with it at first. “That’ll be fine, I’d be happy to show you around.” He smiled again as they both stood. “I’m so glad you decided to go, Maddie.” He placed his hand against her back as they walked to the door. Maddie was fighting back the urge to cringe while he continued. “I was a little worried that you wouldn’t.”
 
“Why is that?” 
 
He opened the door for her and lowered his voice. “I think Mr. Stone is a little jealous of me and I figured he would talk you out of it.” 
 
Maddie shook her head. “Alex is just a friend and…” she paused. “And even if he were jealous, this is only a business date.” She emphasized. 
 
“Right.” He backed away a little. “I suppose I’ll see you at eight?” 
 
Maddie nodded and smiled as his phone rang once again saving her from the prolonging awkwardness. “See you then.” She quietly closed his door as he nodded and waved before answering his call. She hurried to the elevator, relieved to see it was empty. Finally, a few moments alone to clear her head. She shuddered while thinking of Daniel getting so close to her and wondered why he had to bring up Alex. She walked over to the panel and pressed the button for the first floor, but then changed her mind and pressed the number ten. She felt the sudden urge to pay the other mysterious person in her life a visit.
Maddie stepped out into the dimly lit lobby of the software tech floor. She walked down the narrow blue-carpeted hallway, with royal blue painted walls. Even the paintings on the wall all had shades of blue in them. Finally, she spotted the lab area where Alex and Jay were working. She quietly eased in the door and smiled brightly at Mr. Biggs who was standing in the corner, keeping everything in check. He simply nodded back to her.
 
“You lost Freebird?” Jay startled her as she walked past him. 
 
“No.” she scowled back at him. “I wanted to talk to Alex…” she looked around the room trying to find him. 
 
“Uh…” Jay pointed at his ear, reminding her she could talk to Alex anytime she wanted to. 
 
“I wanted to talk to him face to face.” She whispered back. “Where is he?” 
 
“All the way down at the end.” He pointed. “Is something wrong?” 
 
“No. Thanks.” She walked away before he asked any more questions. Alex had heard enough already. She smiled when she saw him at his desk, staring at the screen as if he didn’t already know she was headed his way. 
 
“Hey.” Maddie spoke to him cheerfully. 
 
“Hi.” He looked up and gave her a slight smile before turning back to his computer. Maddie let his short greeting slide for the moment as she plopped down in the chair across from him. 
 
“No fair, you all have more comfortable chairs.” She whined moving around in the seat. Alex grinned at her and continued working. 
 
“You can take that one with you if you like.” He finally replied. “I’m sure no one will mind.” 
 
“Alex…” Maddie looked down at the chair legs. “It’s bolted to the floor.” 
 
“Ah, well that could be a problem.” He laughed a little, typed for a few seconds and then backed his chair away from the computer. “Did you need something?” 
 
“Umm… yeah.” She stalled; looking around the room, still more blue surrounding them. “How come everything is so blue up here?” 
 
He stared back at her in confusion. “You came up here to ask me that?” 
 
“No… But it crossed my mind when I was trying to find you, so I thought I’d ask.” Normally he would have found her randomness equally amusing, but not today. 
 
“Mr. Montgomery seems to think it helps us to think clearly, same with the dim lights. And the comfy chairs.” He pointed to her seat. “Anything else?” he asked. 
 
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” she asked
 
“No. But won’t your supervisor be wondering where you’re at?” 
 
“Bea?” she said back surprised. “I think she’ll be glad I’m up here talking to you.” That actually got a laugh out of him as he leaned back in his seat. “I told Daniel that I’d go out with him Saturday.” She replied, and then almost felt guilty when Alex’s smile faded.
 
“So, I heard, he seemed thrilled.” 
 
“He was passionately enthralled.” Maddie replied sarcastically, rolling her eyes. 
 
“You don’t have to go through with this you know.” He reminded her. 
 
“Yes, I do, it’s the only way…” 
 
“We could find another way…” 
 
“It’s the quickest and easiest way.” She interrupted him back. “And you know it is.” He sighed and agreed with her. “Oh yeah, what I was going to ask you…” 
 
“You remembered?” he grinned, scooting back up toward his keyboard.
 
“Yes… I wanted to know why you’ve been avoiding me.”
 
He paused mid-typing and looked back at her strangely. “I’m not avoiding you Maddie.” 
 
“Yes, you are. You have been all morning.” 
 
His eyes widened. “I’m sitting here talking to you right now!” 
 
“You know what I mean.” 
 
“No, I don’t, but feel free to clue me in.” 
 
“You didn’t even talk this morning at breakfast.” 
 
“Maddie, we woke up at four.” 
 
“Good excuse.” She muttered as he gave her a look. Alex swiveled in his chair, so he was facing her and placed his hands together as if in prayer.
“My deepest apologies for not acknowledging your presence this morning your highness. Bless you!”
 
Maddie crossed her arms against her chest and glared back at him. “I should throw something at you.” 
 
“I’m sorry.” He gained control of his laughter. “I’ve had a lot on my mind, it’s nothing against you.” 
 
“What about last night?” she leaned in closer. 
 
“What about last night?” Jay practically shouted. Maddie jumped back and rubbed her ear in annoyance. 
 
“Nothing.” She and Alex both replied. 
 
“Like I said…” he looked over at her. “I’ve had a lot on my mind.” 
 
“Concerning the case, or…” she stopped when Alex groaned in frustration. 
 
“You’d make one hell of a prosecutor.” He rubbed his forehead. “Yes, the case. But not only that, I’m concerned about…” he stopped and lowered his voice as he rolled his chair in front of her. “I’m concerned about you.” 
 
“Alex, I’ll be fine.” She whispered back, wishing that her heart would stop pounding in her ears. He had that look again in his eyes, full of worry. “What are you so worried about?” she asked. He lowered his head and placed his hands around hers. “Will you tell me?”
 Suddenly a noise went off on his computer, it was silent enough, so it didn’t alarm everyone else in the room, but just loud enough to startle them both. He wheeled back over and brought up the scan.
 
“It’s Larkin.” Maddie jumped up to look over his shoulder. Henry Larkin was still on the suspect list, he hadn’t been ruled out yet.
“He’s taking money out.” Alex typed in a couple codes to get further access into the site. 
 
“How much?” 
 
“Not sure…” he quickly typed more coding in and stared at the screen. “Fifty grand?” he exclaimed. They both looked at each other, were they possibly going after the wrong person?
 
“What do we need to do?” Maddie asked quickly. 
 
“Jay…” Alex called out. 
 
“I’m on it.” He quickly replied. Jay was already out the door and on the elevator as soon as they mentioned Larkin’s name. 
 
“Go to his office and look inside, see if you see anything suspicious.” Alex ordered. 
 
“What do you want me to do?” Maddie asked. 
 
“You should probably go back downstairs…” he stopped, he knew she wouldn’t go for that. “Just come with me.” 
 
They quickly went upstairs to Mr. Montgomery’s office. Maddie hadn’t been there before and had only seen the president of the company a few times. Alex and Darryl had handled most of the details with him. They walked past the secretary, Alex gave her a glance and she nodded for them to go on inside the office. 
 
“Is there a problem?” Mr. Montgomery asked frantically as he walked over to them. He was a short man with gray hair; or at least the hair he had left was gray. His eyes were filled with concern behind his thin glasses. 
 
“Has Larkin had permission to access the account?” Alex asked him. 
 
“Larkin?” Montgomery responded. “No…” he shook his head in disbelief. 
 
“He’s taking money out as we speak.” Alex walked over to a safe on the wall and turned the combination. 
 
“How much?”
 
“Fifty grand, so far.” Alex pulled out three guns from the safe and handed off two to Maddie. “For Jay.” He told her before loading his gun. “I thought we might need to take precautions.” 
The old man sank down in his seat and sadly propped his head up against his hand. “How could I let this happen? Henry’s been an employee here for years, and more than that, he’s been a friend. Or at least I thought.” His voice trailed off. Maddie stared over at him sympathetically. He’d dedicated his entire life to this corporation, only to have his partners stab him in the back. It reminded her of what her Dad had gone through, in the end he had to pay the ultimate price.
She jumped when Alex loaded the last of the guns. “Don’t worry, we’ll take care of things sir.” He assured him.
 
“Be careful.” He warned before picking up the phone to call Mrs. Grissom downstairs. She quickly announced over the intercom that a fire drill was going into effect and pulled the alarm. This way no one would see the three of them running around with guns. 
 
The building emptied instantly, but it gave them very little time. Alex kept Maddie behind him, protecting her as they turned every corner. After holding her back several times, she became slightly irritated. “You know…” she whispered even though the fire alarm was so loud that if anyone was around, they couldn’t hear her if she’d screamed. “This isn’t my first time, Alex.”
He glanced back at her and raised an eyebrow. A smirk snuck up on his face as he turned away. “Yeah…I’m gonna leave that one alone.” He continued staring down the hallway. His hand suddenly flew back to Maddie when he saw movement.
 
“Someone’s there.” He warned before cautiously sneaking around the corner, gun aimed and ready to fire. Maddie stopped complaining and stayed a couple steps behind. 
 
“Don’t shoot!” a loud booming voice yelled out. Alex lowered his gun as Mr. Biggs ran over to them, hands raised. “Bossman still upstairs?” he asked, referring to Mr. Montgomery. 
 
Alex nodded. “We just left from there.” Without another word, Mr. Biggs ran to the elevator.
 
“Hey guys…” Jay spoke over the earbuds as Maddie and Alex were still making their way to him. “I’m at the office, but I can’t see anything. The blinds at the windows are closed.” 
 
“Has anyone left?” Alex asked. 
 
“No, no, I’ve been here since before the alarm went off. The lights are still on and everything. He’s still in there.” Alex and Maddie turned the corner and ran over to Jay. 
 
“The door’s locked.” He continued while taking the gun from Maddie. Alex was pulling on the door before he banged on it with his fist. There was no answer from inside. 
 
“We’re going to have to go in there.” He told them before taking a few steps back. He ran forward into the door, forcing it open. Maddie and Jay ran over, and they all stepped into the doorway. 
 
“Oh my God.” Maddie’s hand covered her mouth. She forced herself to look away, her face buried into Alex’s chest. She was holding onto him so tightly she was afraid she might hurt him. But his arms wrapped around her while he half dragged her out of the room. She could hear Jay frantically talking on the phone to Darryl after making a call to 911. Her head was spinning as Alex leaned her against the wall for support.
 
“You okay?” he steadied her. She slowly nodded, her eyes drifted back toward the room. “Don’t!” he ordered and pulled her face back, so she was looking straight at him. She squeezed her eyes shut as the tears formed. 
 
“Take a few minutes to calm down.” He told her. But it didn’t do much good. The image was already burned in her mind. Henry Larkin had committed suicide. His body was dangling from a rope tied to a rafter on the ceiling. As many times as, Maddie had seen that type of thing, it still had the same effect on her. The nausea, dizziness and trembling, at least when she went to look at a crime scene, she knew what to expect before she got there, this, however, was a complete shock. The image was horrifying, nothing like they show on the crime investigating shows on television or in movies. The real-life aspect was something so much more traumatic than any Hollywood writer could imagine. Maddie breathed slowly, trying to calm her churning stomach.
“Darryl’s on his way. He said we should probably go on outside with the others.” Jay told Alex, who walked back over to check on Maddie. She had sunk down in the floor, hugging her knees against her chest, trying to regain control of herself.
“Hey love,” Alex brushed her hair out of her face. “Come on. We need to go.” Maddie nodded as he helped her to her feet. He blocked her view as they walked back past the door. Once paramedics and the police arrived on the scene, word had gotten out about the suicide. The company closed down for the rest of the week out of respect, but it would also give Maddie, Jay and Alex time to figure out what to do next.
The three of them sat in a conference room at the police station, waiting on Darryl. It had been around an hour since the incident. Maddie had calmed down a little since then, but was still in a daze, as they all were. Had Mr. Larkin been involved? Or did someone else threaten him? Was it merely a coincidence? Things weren’t adding up.
“Maybe now you’ll get out of your date?” Jay looked over at Maddie as Alex shook his head.
 
 
“We can’t rule out Lewis yet. I feel it may still involve him.” He took a drink of his coffee. “Although I’d be all for a different approach.” His eyes wandered over to Maddie still a little shaken. Now more than ever, he didn’t want her to go through with the original plan.
 
Maddie held her hands up to silence them both. “Let’s wait to see what Darryl has to say. It’s too soon to decide.” 
 
Darryl hurried through the door, ending a phone call as he threw a folder full of evidence down on the table. “It was a definite suicide.” He sat down. “There wasn’t any foul play.” 
 
“So, Larkin was our guy?” Jay asked confused, looking over the crime scene pictures. 
 
“We don’t know.” Darryl shrugged. “The moment that money was taken from the account, Larkin was already dead. So, he may have been an accomplice, or maybe he wasn’t involved at all. It could’ve been blackmail. Basically, your job isn’t over yet… it’s just beginning.” He took a moment to look over at Maddie. “Are you okay?”
She nodded. “I’m fine.” Giving him a weak smile, he could see right through.
 
“Why don’t you go on home…?”
 
“Darryl.” She protested. This was her job, and she wasn’t about to take a sick day when things got interesting. 
 
“I think that’s a good idea.” Alex interrupted. Maddie shot him a disapproving look. 
 
“There’s nothing more for you to do here.” Darryl continued. 
 
“I can help figure this out, work on a new plan…” she pleaded. 
 
“You can’t figure out anything right now Maddie.” He commented. “You can’t even think clearly, go home and get some rest.” Her shoulders slumped in defeat. She knew he was right.
 
“I’ll take her home.” Alex volunteered before Jay threw him the keys. Maddie slowly got up and followed him to the door. 
 
“If anything comes up… if I can do anything at all…”
 
“We’ll let you know.” Darryl reassured her. “Now go take care of yourself. You’re no help to us in this condition.” He gave her a caring smile before Alex opened the door for her. 
 
 
The short car ride home was silent. Maddie felt like a failure. When she first worked at the precinct, she was on top of everything. There was nothing she couldn’t handle, no crime scene too gruesome. But as time went on, things got to her more and more. She felt like she was losing her mind. They arrived at the loft and Maddie instantly threw herself on the couch, wallowing in self-pity.
 
“The bed would probably be more comfortable.” Alex sat down on what little space he had left on the couch. 
 
“I don’t deserve comfort.” She replied in a monotone voice. It was now Alex’s turn to roll his eyes. 
 
“Come on.” He stood up and grabbed her hands, trying to pull her upright, but she wouldn’t budge. “Maddie…” he exhaled. “Work with me here love.” 
 
She sat up on her own and stared up at him. “Shouldn’t you be going back to the station?” 
 
“Darryl will call if he needs me, besides I’m sure he won’t mind me staying here, making sure you’re okay.” 
 
“I’m fine.” 
 
“No, you’re not.” He replied. “Why don’t you go to bed?” 
 
“Why don’t you leave me alone?” she snapped. She hated being so moody but was it such a problem for her to sulk on the couch?
 
“Maddie.” He ignored her crankiness. “I’m just looking out for you. You don’t have to be so bloody angry.” She glared up at him, the accent was getting stronger, and she feared another argument was coming on. It wasn’t safe for two people with such strong tempers to be alone. 
 
“I don’t understand why I can’t take a nap on the couch.” She replied as calmly as possible. “Really, why is it such a prob—.” Her words were interrupted when he walked over and to her surprise, flung her over his shoulder like a caveman. “Alex!” she screamed.
 
“You’ll rest better in your bed.” He muttered through his teeth before laying her down on the bed. “Plus, I might want to watch the telly and I can’t if you’re hogging the couch.” He smiled down at her. 
 
“I don’t need you to babysit me.” She muttered and rolled over on her side, with her back to him. 
 
“I’m not babysitting.” He pulled the blanket up over her. “I enjoy spending time with you, you little ball of sunshine.” he said sarcastically while patting her on the back. Maddie couldn’t help smiling up at him.
 
“Sorry for being such a pain.” She sighed. “I wasn’t always so sensitive to this type of thing.” 
 
“It gets to be too much for all of us at some point or another.” He brushed her hair away from her face again. His hand paused for a moment as he held it against her face. “I’ll be in here if you need me.” He pulled away. 
 
Maddie grabbed his hand and sat up. “Wait…. Will you tell me what’s been bothering you now? You were about to tell me earlier…” 
 
He started to speak and then squeezed her hand. “I guess I’ve just become protective of you.” 
 
“That’s it?” she stared back, not believing him. 
 
“Yeah.” He nodded and pulled away. “Now get some rest.” Maddie sank back against the pillows as he closed her bedroom door. Resting would be easier said than done.
 
It was dark when she woke up from a restless nap. Maddie assumed it was late but glanced at the clock and saw it was only six in the evening. It was so dark because her blinds were pulled down, obviously by Alex while she was asleep. She smiled to herself; it was nice having someone around to take care of her. She could definitely get used to it. She changed into more comfortable clothes and walked into the living room. Alex was enjoying a random sitcom while digging through a bag of chips.
“You’re up.” He smiled as she entered the room. “Feeling better?” Maddie nodded and took a few chips from the bag as she sat down. “Good, I was worried.”
“Why is that?”
 
“You were tossing and turning a lot, I was afraid you were having nightmares.” 
 
“I probably was.” 
 
“I tried to wake you up, but you were out of it.” He continued. “I wasn’t watching you sleep just checking on you.” 
 
“It’s okay. Thanks.” She grabbed more chips. “Have you eaten anything yet?” Alex looked back at her and raised the almost empty bag up. She frowned back at him. 
 
“What?” he asked. “Crisps are food.” 
 
“Crisps?” she asked in confusion. 
 
“Yes.” He shook the bag in his hand. “Crisps… oh wait. I mean chips.” 
 
“Right.” Maddie nodded slowly. “These are chips.” She took a couple more from the bag. “What the heck are crisps?”
 
“Chips!” he replied, baffled that she didn’t have a clue what he was talking about. 
 
“I know those are chips!” she replied exasperated. “I asked what crisps are. Oh, never mind, just give me those.” She grumbled as Alex laughed. 
 
“I suppose I should call them tater chips.” He replied with a mock southern accent. 
 
“Well yeah, that’s what they are.” She jerked the bag away from him and headed for the kitchen. “I meant have you ate any real food? Never mind, I’ll go fix something.” 
 
“You don’t have to cook Maddie…” 
 
“I’m capable of fixing something to eat.” She assured him. “Unless you’re afraid of my cooking?” 
 
“No…” he choked out a little unsure now that she mentioned it. “I’m sure it’ll be great. Can I help?” he asked as she gathered ingredients from the fridge. 
 
“Sure.” She replied with her hands full. 
 
“What are we making?” 
 
Maddie studied the food she had lying on the counter. “Probably Chinese food. Is that okay?”
 
“Fine with me.” He smiled.
 
Abby called while the food was cooking, Maddie filled her in quickly on their busy day. Jay was still at the station helping Darryl out. Abby’s day hadn’t been much better. After a morning filled with exams at school, she ended up being swamped at the hospital. The Emergency Room was overflowing with patients and they were poorly understaffed. She was calling to let them know she’d be pulling an all-nighter.
“Looks like we’ll be dining alone.”
 
“At least this way if the food kills us, Jay and Abby will be spared.” Alex joked as he sat down at the table, already set with their food. 
 
Maddie grinned back at him playfully. “Oh no, see I only put the arsenic in your food.” 
 
“Ah, so thoughtful of you.” He played along before taking a bite of an egg roll. Maddie waited anxiously for a comment… he was taking his slow time chewing. 
 
“Well?” she asked after a few moments of silence. 
 
Alex took a drink and gave her a serious look. “Marry me.” 
 
Her food suddenly got caught in her throat. “What now?”
 
“This is amazing.” He took another bite. “You have to marry me.” 
 
Maddie stopped coughing long enough to take a drink. “Okay… I wasn’t expecting a proposal, but, thank you.” 
 
“It really is that good.” He took another bite. “I’m impressed.” He smiled. 
 
“I glad you like it.” She moved her food around with her fork. “So… when’s the date?” she asked, still playing along. 
 
“Oh, we can leave right after we eat if you like. We can call up the Justice of the Peace and have this thing certified straightaway.” 
 
“Should I change first?” she looked down at her pajamas. 
 
“Nah.” He grinned evilly as he looked her over. “You look good.” 
 
“They are blue after all.” She replied as they both nodded in agreement. 
 
“Right, and you won’t have to change when we come home, we can just slip into bed.” He had to say it right when she was getting a drink. Alex laughed loudly when soda spewed out of her mouth. Despite her embarrassment, Maddie was laughing as well. 
 
“Now I have to change!” she cried, pulling at her now damp t-shirt. “How’s this going to look in our wedding announcements?” 
 
“I’ll just explain that we were having a wet t-shirt contest.” He replied. Maddie shook her head laughing as she went to her room to change. 
 
“You should give me your shirt since it was your fault.” She yelled from her room. Alex had changed out of his work clothes while she was napping. He was wearing an old gray N.Y.P.D. shirt from back home. He wore it frequently around the loft, Maddie had wanted it from the first time she saw it. It looked so comfortable, or maybe it was because of the person that was wearing it that made it look so inviting.
 “My shirt?” he asked walking toward her door.
 
“Yes, the one you have on. I love that shirt!” 
 
“Oh.” He replied looking down at it. “All this time I thought you were checking me out.” He chuckled and dodged a teddy bear being flung at him from inside the room. 
 
“You’re dangerous!” he exclaimed entering the room. Maddie had already changed into another shirt. He picked up the bear and threw it back at her. “You really want this shirt?”
 
“It looks so soft and comfortable.” She reached out to touch it, running her fingers over the gray fabric. She jerked her hand away when he ripped the shirt off and handed it to her. 
 
“Payment for an awesome meal.” He smiled. “That I’m going to go finish.” He turned and headed back into the other room. Maddie sat there awestruck, holding the still warm shirt in her hands. She laid it on the bed and followed him back to the table where he was refilling his plate, shirtless. 
 
“You didn’t have to give me that, I was kidding.” 
 
He waved his hand. “I have plenty at home. Keep it. It’ll be something to remember me by.” 
 
That hit a nerve. Maddie’s fork clinked against her plate while he continued to eat. It hit her then, once the case was over, He would be leaving. She knew it all along, but it never hit her until then. Maybe it was because she knew now she didn’t want him to go. But how could she stop him? He obviously wasn’t interested in being in a relationship, he’d already told her that. He had a life back home in New York and had no reason to stay there.
 “You’re looking sad again.” he mentioned after a few minutes while cleaning his plate. “Am I going to have to get down on one knee this time?” he joked while standing next to her. Maddie’s lips formed an uncontrollable smile.
 
“No.” she replied. “I was thinking about what you said.” 
 
“About getting married?” he asked. “I know it’d be depressing…” 
 
“No, Alex…” she nudged him. “I’m being serious. You said to keep the shirt to remember you by. And it made me realize that you’ll be leaving soon.” 
 
He nodded as they sat on the couch. Waiting patiently for her to continue. “And?” 
 
“And…” she took a deep breath. “I kinda don’t want you to leave.” 
 
He placed his arm around her shoulders and moved closer to her. “To be honest, I don’t want to go either.” Maddie sat there for a moment, studying his face, trying to figure out exactly what he meant. “I mean…” he paused. “I don’t have a lot of friends back home… it gets lonely. It’s nice having people around, you know?” 
 “Well, then… stay here. We have the room, Darryl loves you, I’m sure he could make room on the force for you.”
 
He smiled at her childlike happiness. “It’s not that simple.” He looked into her eyes, filled with hope that he would stay. “My life, it’s a little complicated Maddie.” 
 
“I’m listening.” She gave him her full attention. 
 
He mulled over his thoughts while his fingers rubbed against her shoulder. He hated that she was so easy to talk to that she could make him let down his guard without thinking. He wanted to tell her so badly. The wall between them would never be broken down until he did. 
His cell phone rudely interrupted his thoughts. Maddie glared at it in annoyance. “It can wait.”
“No.” he stared at the number. “I’m afraid it can’t.” he let the call go to voicemail.
 
“Was it Jay?” she asked as he got up. Alex shook his head. 
 
“An officer from back home.” He replied. “Probably concerning a case I was working on before I left… I need to go call him back. I guess I’ll take a walk.” 
 
“Oh, ok.” Maddie nodded, disappointed as he stepped inside his room to grab a new shirt. 
 
“It’s confidential.” He explained as he started to leave “You know how that stuff is.”.
 
“Yeah, of course.”. 
 
“See you in a few.” He smiled before shutting the door. 
 
There was a chill that filled the room when he shut the door. “Alone again.” Maddie muttered to herself. She looked around the lonely room and rounded up everyone’s laundry, one chore that had been overlooked during the past week. She and Abby usually took turns, but they had both been so swamped with work it got pushed aside.
She gathered the baskets and started with Jay and Abby’s room, picking clothes up off the bed. Slowly she made her way to her room and glanced at the crumpled gray t-shirt still lying on the bed. She set the basket down and quickly changed into her new shirt. Smiling as she smoothed out the wrinkles in the fabric.
 
As she went back to stuffing clothes in the laundry basket. She grabbed her phone on the way out. This time she avoided the death metal. Instead, she clicked over to a sappy, upbeat love song. Something she usually avoided with a passion. Maddie practically danced out to the garage where the washer and dryer were located. Even with the tragedy that happened earlier that day, Alex had put her in a good mood, once again.
 “I think I’ll keep him.” She smiled to herself as she opened his door and grabbed his laundry basket. Still cheerfully dancing to the music. Something thudded against the concrete floor. Maddie frowned when her happy skipping charade was interrupted, and she almost tripped over whatever it was. She knelt down and picked up Alex’s wallet. She held it in her palm as if it were a fragile butterfly with an injured wing. Or better yet, a mystical butterfly with hundreds of secrets to tell her. Her throat went dry as she placed her other hand on top, slowly opening it….
The female singer’s voice hit a high note and Maddie threw the wallet to the ground in surprise. She stood back up and walked away from the temptation. After all, it was only a wallet, what was it going to reveal? His age? Social Security Number? An expired Visa?
“A picture of his wife and kids.” She muttered to herself and eyed the wallet again.
 
She raised an eyebrow when she recalled that it felt pretty thick. He treated her to a fairly expensive lunch after all. She bit her lip and slowly walked back to it. This time noticing that a small piece of folded paper had fallen out. 
 
“This is ridiculous.” She picked up the wallet and the folded paper. 
 
Marching to his room she laid the wallet on his dresser with the paper on top. She turned back around for one last tantalizing look. 
 
The paper had fallen to the floor. 
 
Fate was screaming at her. She needed to look! Maddie fell to the floor and grabbed the paper up, feeling guilty before she even unfolded it. She stared at it, eyes wide, before blinking and cursing under her breath. It was only the receipt from their lunch. She folded it back up and slammed it down on the dresser, this time it wouldn’t escape. Annoyed, she returned to her piles of laundry and separated the clothes. She felt horrible for almost looking at his personal things. Yes, he had his secrets, and it drove her insane. But they weren’t dating; nothing serious was going on between them. So, she had no right to invade his privacy like that, not that she would have a right even if they were dating, but it would still make her actions a tad more reasonable.
Maddie decided she would stop pestering him and asking so many questions. If he wanted to talk to her, she’d be there to listen. She felt he would eventually tell her what’s been bothering him, as long as she stopped trying to pry it out of him. She would have to stop being so impatient. Settling back in the living room as the first load washed. she stretched out on the couch and listened to the same playlist again while daydreaming of their pretend wedding plans. She grabbed the throw blanket from the back of the couch and snuggled underneath it, smiling happily, truly content with her life at the moment. That feeling had been gone for far too long.
 
 A few blocks away, Alex wandered down the dark quiet street. He turned down a lonesome alley, almost completely dark except for a tiny beam of light shining from a dim streetlight. A figure moved in the darkness at the other end. Alex’s hand went to his side to feel for his gun that wasn’t there. He left in such a rush he forgot it at the loft. Bracing himself, he slowly walked forward.
“Fancy seeing you here, mate.” The voice spoke out from the darkness in a cheerful tone, almost too cheerful. The man walked into the light and mysterious smile crept up on his face. Alex glared at him as he moved closer.
“Nice touch with covering up the accent, you’ve got everyone thinking you’re a bloody American.” He scoffed as the man lit up a cigarette. He offered one to Alex, who just stared him down.
 Daniel’s eyes lit up as a crooked smile formed on his lips. “Clever little trick, eh?” he said, blowing out smoke. He reached up to pat Alex on the cheek. “I’ll have to teach you how to do it.”
 
Alex grabbed his wrist, his eyes filled with fury. “I don’t take lessons from devious snakes.”
 
“From one viper to another.” Daniel smiled as Alex released his grip. 
 
“I’m not like you.” He bitterly turned away from him. 
 
“Stop lying to yourself Al!” Daniel yelled out. He walked up behind him as he spoke. “We are the same. You and I came from the same filthy hellhole, you think because you ran that makes you a better person than the rest of us?” he sneered. Alex’s muscles tensed up as his hands balled into fists. Daniel leaned in closer to his ear. “No. That makes you a coward.” It pleased him at how his words were getting to him. Bringing him down to where he’d lose all control.
“You’re the coward because you stayed.” Alex replied with his back turned, still completely tense. “You were too afraid to even attempt to leave. What’d they do Dan…” there was an edge to his voice as he turned to face him. “Promise you all this wealth and glory to slit someone’s throat?” He tilted his head and narrowed his eyes on him. “How did you pull off being Montgomery’s long-lost nephew anyhow?”
“Mm. Surprisingly, at least to some, Montgomery had a younger brother who moved to Nebraska and had a fling with a hooker before he died. Shameful tragedy for the family as you can imagine. We compiled a fake DNA test, really Al,” he spoke in a bored tone.. “They taught us how to forge blood tests when we were fourteen, get educated.”
“I always thought you of all people would have enough sense to get out of this mess. But you’ve only buried yourself deeper.”
Daniel pretended to think as he leaned against a brick wall. “Hmm, I’m the successful millionaire, you’re the wanted assassin on the run… and I’m the one in over my head?”
“You’ve killed more people in cold blood than I ever have.” Alex’s voice lowered as he ambled toward him. “One person… I only shot one that was not guilty or in self-defense and it was against my will.”
“You’re not still saying that are you?” Daniel groaned dramatically. “You weren’t held against your will!”
 
“I had a gun pressed against the side of my head.” He got back in his face. “I was sixteen years old Dan! I was just a kid, we all were!” 
 
“I see you’re still deeply traumatized by that.” Daniel replied coldly, trying to get space in between them. “By the way…” he smiled up at him. “Did they ever tell you his name? Your one truly innocent victim?”
 
“Not that it’s any of your business, but no. They offered to tell me back then, but I refused. I have enough guilt as it is.” 
 
“Hm. That’s interesting to know.” 
 
“Why is that?” 
 
“No reason.” 
 
Alex gave him a strange look as he backed off a little. “Did you have a reason for me meeting you here? Or were you just wanting to chat for old time’s sake?” He grinned sarcastically. 
 
Daniel gave him a smug smile back. “I wanted to make sure you weren’t planning on sabotaging my date for tomorrow night.” 
 
Alex’s jaw clenched at the mere thought of it. “Although nothing would please me more… Maddie’s determined to see this through.” 
 
“Great. I’m looking forward to it. She’s a beautiful girl. I’ve been waiting for this to happen for a long time.” 
 
“You say it like you’ve known her a while.” 
 
“Known of her.” Daniel corrected. “Why else do you think I took this assignment?” 
 
“What do you mean, ‘known of her’?”
 
Daniel’s eyes widened. “They’ve known about Maddie all along… you really need to keep up. Ever since her Dad left her the money…” 
 
“That there’s no evidence of.” Alex interrupted. “I’ve looked everywhere! I’m telling you, she doesn’t have it. I’d say she doesn’t even know about it. If it even exists at all.” 
 
“Or, she’s that good at hiding it.” he silenced him. “You’d be sure to keep all the information under the radar too if you had half a billion dollars in blood money.” Alex hated to agree with him, but he knew he could be right.
 “Anyway” Daniel continued. “I have to say I’m rather excited. I’ve become quite infatuated with her over the years.” Alex didn’t like the look in his eyes when he spoke of her. Or the tone of his voice, he suddenly had a sinking feeling in his stomach.
 “Have you been stalking her?” he asked, hardly able to get the words out before his body tensed up again.
 
“What?” he laughed viciously. “You make it sound so vile. I like to think of it as a… healthy obsession.” He didn’t have time to say anything else, in an instant; Alex’s hand was tightening on his throat as he had him pressed against the wall. 
 
He could end it all right there. He was squeezing his throat with so much pressure that Daniel was gasping, his face was losing its color. Alex could easily take his life with his bare hands. Thoughts of snapping his neck in two or ripping his throat apart engulfed his mind. No matter how much he had changed, the instinct to kill was still strong. But, he couldn’t bring himself to do it, he was in enough trouble already and another murder would not make his life any easier. He loosened his hand just enough so that Daniel could breathe.
“You’re losing your touch.” He coughed as he gasped for breath. Alex thrust his hand, banging Daniel’s head against the wall.
 “That’s a warning, and it’s the only one you’ll get. If you even think about touching her…”
 
Daniel winced in pain but still managed to laugh. “Whoa, I think I hit a nerve. Alex, we’re going on a date, and you know what happens when two adults get together…” 
 
His grip tightened again, this time much worse than before, Daniel’s face turned blood red. “I will kill you.” Alex’s voice took on a menacing tone, he wasn’t threatening him. He was making him a promise. “You won’t be able to buy your way out… no amount of money will save you. They won’t be able to save you. Have you forgotten why they were so angry when I left?” he slammed his head against the wall again.
“They know they trained me well. They knew if I ever turned against them, no one would stand a chance.” 
Daniel’s body was about to go limp when suddenly two men came up behind Alex and pulled him away. A third man stood behind them, holding a solid steel bar. Daniel rubbed his neck as he slowly regained his strength.
“Thanks for not waiting until the last minute!” he grumbled to the others.
Alex struggled to get free from their grasp; it was difficult for them to hold on to him even though they both doubled his weight. As soon as he almost got free, the man from behind smacked him across his lower back, sending him to his knees in pain.
“Now that I have your attention.” Daniel confidently walked over and kicked Alex swiftly in the stomach. Alex was doubled over; it felt like his body was caving in from all the beating. The men pulled on his arms, jerking him upright.
 
“I’m going on my date with Maddie tomorrow night, you will follow through with the plan.” Daniel knelt down and raised Alex’s head up by pulling on his hair. “You will get me all the information you can on our little whore while I’m busy making her scream…” 
 
Alex broke free from their grasp, ignoring the agonizing pain, the rage took over him and he felt like he could take all four on. Unfortunately, the odds were against him, and he didn’t have much strength left. 
 
Daniel kicked him once more, sending him to the ground while the two men who were holding him grabbed his arms again. He pulled a large knife from his back pocket and held the blade against Alex’s neck.
 
“I didn’t want it to come down to this but you’re being too difficult.” He yelled. “You need to stick to doing the job they ordered you to do and stop worrying about Maddie… I’ll take good care of her.” 
 
His smile was sick and twisted. “Uh uh…” he spoke up as Alex moved again. “You know what’s in store for you if you fail.” 
 
“I don’t care.” Alex forced out. “I don’t care what happens to me.” 
 
“You always have to play the hero. Don’t you? I’ll give you an ultimatum then, hero.” He mocked. “If you don’t get me the information about that money I will not only turn your criminal ass in, with all the evidence they need to fry you… but I’ll be killing her as well.” 
 
He pulled the knife away and got in his face. “And enjoy every minute. You know exactly what I’m capable of.” He leaned up and instructed the man in the back to hit Alex again before the others dropped him to the ground. 
 
“Tell Maddie I’ll see her at eight.” Daniel called out as they walked away. Leaving Alex alone, gasping for breath, hardly able to move. 
 
He laid there for what seemed like an eternity. Staring up at the black, starless sky, storm clouds were forming. He ached all over but could hardly feel anything aside from all the rage built up inside. 
 
He was trapped, and now Maddie was trapped with him. No matter what happened, He would protect her, or die trying.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Seven
 
The downpour of rain outside crashed against the window as Maddie tried Alex’s phone again. The storm started around a half hour after he left. But every time she called it went straight to voicemail. She ran back into the garage when the last load of laundry stopped in the washer. As she was loading up the dryer, she heard the front door open.
 
“Alex?” she called out, dropping the clothes in her hands. 
 
“Yeah.” He replied weakly, still in a tremendous amount of pain.
 
“I tried calling to see where you were when the rain started, I was going to pick you up.” her voice trailed when she noticed he was struggling to walk. “Are you okay?” she went over to him.
 
“I’m fine. When the rain first started I wasn’t paying any attention and slipped.” He stopped to see if she was buying anything he was saying. “My back hit the edge of the sidewalk. I banged it up pretty bad.”
 
“Oh no!” she exclaimed. Alex breathed a sigh of relief when it appeared that she believed him. “Let me go get you some ice… you need to change before you catch pneumonia.” She hurried back to his room with ice packs and ibuprofen. “You may need something stronger for pain, maybe Abby could work you in?”
 
 “It‘s fine really. I’ve had worse.” He tried his best to smile back as he lay against the soothing ice. “Thank you, maybe you should be a nurse too.”
 
“I’ve had to doctor Jay enough.” She sighed. “At least before Abby came along.” 
 
He made an uncomfortable face while trying to move around in the bed. Glancing up at her, he saw that she was wearing his old shirt. “It looks good on you.” 
 
“Huh? Oh.” She smiled looking down at it. “I thought I’d try it on.” She then remembered the loads of laundry still lying in the garage. “I better go put the rest of the clothes in the dryer. Yours are over there.” she pointed to the neatly stacked pile of clothes in the corner. “I didn’t know where you had everything, so I thought I’d let you put it away.”
 
Alex sat up slowly. “You did my laundry?” 
 
“Yeah.” She nodded. “Abby and I usually take turns but we’ve both been so busy. I would have done it sooner.” She paused when she remembered the wallet. “And you forgot your wallet. It fell out earlier, so I laid it over here for you” she walked over to the dresser and picked it up. “I didn’t open it up or anything, but this fell out and…”
 
He grinned at her nervous babbling. “You did my laundry?” he asked again. As if she had done the impossible. 
 
“Yes, Is something wrong? Was I not supposed to?” 
 
He smiled back at her. “No, nothing’s wrong, I’m trying to figure out if I should kidnap you now so I can take you back home with me. You’re spoiling me Maddie.” He took the wallet back from her. “I’ll have to return the favor someday.” 
 
“Oh, I already took care of that.” She joked. “You’ll see when you count your money.” 
 
“Mmhm.” He nodded as she walked toward the trash with the folded-up receipt in her hand. “Hey! Wait, what are you doing?” 
 
“Throwing this away. It’s just the receipt from lunch.” 
 
“I know what it is.” He held out his hand for her to bring it back. She gave him a strange look but laid the small piece of paper in his palm. “It has sentimental value.” He touched her hand before she pulled it away. “Yes, guys do that too.” He smiled as she continued to look at him strangely.
 
“Okay,” she paused. “A little creepy, but okay.” She teased. Keeping her true thoughts to herself. He was actually holding onto something because it reminded him of her; she thought it was adorable. “I’m kidding.” She turned back to the direction of the garage. “I’m going to finish up in here. hopefully the meds will kick in soon.” He nodded and thanked her once more before she left the room.
 
 
After taking a short nap, Alex starting contemplating everything that had happened earlier. Daniel was right about one thing, she was getting to him. In a way like no one else has ever done so before. Maybe it was because she didn’t know anything about his past like Cassie did. Or it could have been because he felt the need to protect her from whatever Daniel had planned. 
He got up to look for her and stepped into the bathroom where Maddie was standing at the sink. 
“Feeling better?” 
“A little bit yeah.” he smiled. “I wish I had a way to repay you for all this.”
“For what? Being your nurse or doing the laundry?” she smirked. 
“Not just that, I mean, allowing me to stay here. You‘ve all been really courteous.” He paused and walked up behind her while Maddie seemed to be very interested in reorganizing the medicine cabinet.
 “You, Jay, and Abby, you’ve all gone out of your way to make me feel welcome. I wasn’t expecting that when I was assigned to the case.” 
Maddie closed the cabinet as they both stared at their own reflections in the mirror. “It’s been fun having you around. You know, after we got over the whole ‘wanting to kill each other’ thing.” 
“That’s true.” Alex smiled as his hands rest on her shoulders. “God, you’re so tense.”
“Here I thought I was being nice…”
“I meant your muscles smartass.” 
“Ya think?” she replied quietly while he massaged her shoulders. 
“You need to relax more; all this stress isn’t good for you.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.” She managed to say while beginning to get a little too relaxed. 
“You probably get a lot of headaches right? Back pain, shoulder pain?” 
“Yeah all that good stuff.” She stared ahead while he worked his way down her back. 
“You could use a full body massage”
“Do what now?” 
“From a professional.” He laughed as he caught her expression in the mirror. “A spa day or something, that’d help you out.” 
“Alex I’m not into all that---damn.” She exclaimed under her breath. “---what did you do?” 
“Did it hurt?” 
“No.” 
“Must’ve hit a trigger point.” His hands were resting on her hips as they both continued to stare into the mirror. 
“I should probably…” Alex moved his hands away when Maddie placed hers over them and put them back in their original spot. That was it. Game changer. 
“Don’t stop.” She whispered. 
“Are you sure?” he kissed her temple lightly, taking her silent expression as a response.
“Are you up for it?” she asked him. 
“I think I’ll manage.”
The mirror made it seem all too surreal, as if she was watching a story unfold that she wasn’t a part of. But his touch brought her back to reality. His fingertips edged along her waistband and made their way inside as he continued kissing her face down to her shoulder. 
Maddie laid her head back against him, allowing him to have control, exactly how he liked it. The wave of euphoric feelings that she had missed for so long were back and possibly even stronger than they had ever been before. 
He eased off once he could feel her relaxing in his arms. The tense muscles and stress were no longer an issue. Maddie spun around to face him as they passionately kissed and headed back into the bedroom. 
For a split-second Maddie thought about her surroundings, the bed, the room itself. This was Ethan’s bed, she was lying on the same sheets, blankets, it was the worst possible type of sensory overload. Everything was the same.
Actually no, not everything. In fact, things were dramatically different. It was only the inanimate objects in the room that were the same.
Alex stopped kissing her long enough to check on her. “Are you okay? You’re awfully quiet.” He smiled. Maddie assumed that must’ve been something unusual for him.
“I guess sharing an apartment with another couple all these years has that effect.”
“Yeah but, we’re the only ones here right now.” He whispered in her ear. “Come on. There’s a bad girl hidden away in there somewhere.” His hands went back to that familiar location. “If you really want me to stay here, you‘re going to have to convince me.”
 
 
 
Several minutes later, outside in the garage Abby and Jay had pulled up in the 4-Runner. Jay shut off the engine as they were about to get out of the vehicle when they heard a commotion from inside the apartment. 
 
“Maddie!” Panicked, Jay threw open the driver’s side door, but Abby was quick to grab his arm. 
 
“Wait.” She listened again. “I… I think she’s okay.” A smile grew on Abby’s face as they continued to listen. “Yeah she’s definitely okay.”
 
Later that night, Maddie woke up to the light tapping sound of Alex texting. He noticed she was awake and quickly wrapped up his message before sending it. 
“Sorry if I woke you.” 
“It’s okay” she leaned over to kiss him. “Anything wrong?” 
“No just chatting with a friend.”
“You said you didn’t have any friends.” She joked. 
“I do! Just not any back in Brooklyn. I have some close friends, but we’re scattered all over the world. Literally.” 
“How was your friend doing?” Maddie asked casually, maybe she could find out some useful info this way. 
“He’s good. Jett’s always doing good.” He smiled to himself. 
“His name is Jett?” 
“Jerome Jetson, He’s a great guy, you’d love him. He’s always had my back, always protected me.” His voice got quieter as he spoke having memories of his friend. “I haven’t seen him in a while.” 
“Where does he live?” 
“He’s stationed in Virginia…” Maddie felt a lump in her throat as soon as he said that. “He’s in the Air Force.” 
A million thoughts swarmed through her mind. Maybe that was the answer to it all. “Were you in the military too?” 
“No. We met at school.” 
Maddie nodded silently; at least she had ruled one thing about Alex’s past out. She tried to think of more intruding questions to ask. “What about your other friends, do you get to see them much?” 
“Not really, we stay in contact though. It’s hard to get together when we all live so far apart.” 
“Where do they all live?” 
“Hmm… Let’s see… there’s Julian, he lives in Venice.” 
“Italy?” she asked, a little surprised. 
“Yes Italy. He owns a hotel and resort there. It’s been in his family for generations. He and his wife just had a baby girl, Eva.” Maddie couldn’t help smiling at his expression. “He’s the first of our little group to have a kid. It’s crazy to even think of Jules being a Dad. He was a bit promiscuous to say the least.” He laughed. “But he‘s settled down now.” Alex paused, swiping through his phone. “There she is.”
Maddie’s eyes lit up at the little sleeping angel all swaddled in pink. “She’s gorgeous!” 
“That she is. Let’s see,” he continued. “Evan, Lincoln and Cowboy live here in the States…” 
“You have a friend named Cowboy?” 
“James Edward Shelton the Third. He hates his name; we’ve always called him Cowboy since he’s from Oklahoma. Trust me, his accent is worse than yours.” 
“Ah, well, thanks..” she pretended to be hurt. She was glad he didn’t mind her being so nosey, at least not at the moment, anyway. 
“Evan’s from Maine, I’ve probably seen him the most over the past few years because we live close. Link is from Vegas, then there’s Shawn, He’s in California usually. When you can keep him still long enough.” Alex laughed while absentmindedly playing with Maddie’s hair as she snuggled closer to him. Listening to his voice was relaxing enough to put her back to sleep. 
“Marcus is in Mexico…” he continued, thinking for a moment. “Or he has a place there. He works for the FBI, so he lives in Texas. Mitra does too. He’s from Afghanistan originally. Graham is from Australia originally but he’s in California now too. He lives close to Shawn. Then there’s Tinky who’s from Tokyo…” 
“Tinky?” 
“Yeah, he’s Japanese, don’t even ask me to say his real name, I’ve never been able to say it right. I don’t think it’s humanly possible. He’s awesome with anything technical, pure genius. And then Toby, he’s from Finland. But he could end up anywhere. You never know about him.” he laughed a little. “I think that’s all of them.”
“Wow. They really are scattered everywhere. And you all met at school? How did that work?” 
“It was a boarding school… people would send their kids there from all over.” 
“Oh.” She could tell by the tone of his voice he was getting uncomfortable and decided to hold off on any more questions as Alex started to yawn. She snuggled closer to them as they both fell asleep. 

Chapter Eight
The following night, everyone had gathered at the nearby sports bar for Abby’s twenty-sixth birthday party. Jay managed to keep it a secret from her and Abby was joyously surprised when they arrived. The bar had private areas reserved for parties and the room was packed with guests. Abby’s friends from work and school were there along with some police force members, including Darryl and his wife Clara.
Alex stayed to himself in the corner, watching everyone interact and have a good time. He couldn’t help feeling a little out-of-place even though Jay told him he had to be there and joked that they’d prop him up in the corner if they had to. But at the same time, he wanted to be there with Maddie. She was busy going back and forth from talking to him to spending time with people, some she hadn’t seen in years.
He was still sore from the run-in with Daniel the night before, but it wasn’t so bad he couldn’t enjoy himself. Maddie had done an excellent job taking care of him, He only hoped he could do the same for her when the time came. 
“It’s present time!” Jay announced happily in the booth seat next to Abby. He held out an envelope in his hand. “This is from all three of us.” He handed it to her, looking over in Alex and Maddie’s direction. 
“Give it to me!” Abby said happily as he playfully held it up out of her reach. 
“No…” he laughed. “Wait, I have to explain. This isn’t your main present from me.” 
“Okay!” she was still trying to retrieve the gift. 
“You’ll get your present from me later. But it goes along with this one.” 
“Just give!” she yelled after finally getting it. She tore the paper open and pulled out two airplane tickets. Abby gasped and then screamed in delight when she saw the destination. “We’re going to Hawaii?” she shrieked happily before hugging Jay tightly.
“In a couple weeks.” He explained. “I’ve already asked for the time off, everything’s set.” 
“You’ve had something planned and kept it from me? I think that’s more surprising than the gift itself.” 
“Yeah, but remember now, I have you something else, I wanted to wait until we went on the trip to give it to you.” 
“Okay honey.” She smiled and silenced him with a kiss. “Can’t wait to see it.” She grinned, already positive that his other gift was a ring. Jay gave her a confused look, wondering if she knew about his plans to propose. Asking her for her ring size a couple of weeks before wasn’t exactly the most secretive way to go about it. 
As Abby opened her other gifts, Clara made her way over to where Alex and Maddie were standing. She instantly reached out to give Maddie a long overdue hug. 
“I’ve missed seeing you girl.” Clara whispered before pulling away. She held Maddie’s face in her hands. “You’re getting prettier every day.” 
Maddie gave her usual reaction to compliments even though she was feeling a little more confident than usual. She had on a dress she bought weeks ago for the occasion. At the time she wasn’t sure what made her buy a dress that looked like that, she bought it on a whim, plus it was on sale which was always a good thing. It was solid black with a halter style top and was shorter than what she would normally wear. Every time she sat down she kept trying to pull at the hem in hopes to magically to make it longer.
“Now don’t do that!” Clara scolded at her rolling eyes. “I’m not just complimenting you to hear myself talk! You are beautiful! Did I not teach you to be grateful to compliments?” 
“I’m sorry.” Maddie glared back at Alex behind her, he was chuckling while agreeing with Clara. “Thank you. How is your sister doing?” she asked. 
Clara shook her head sadly. “Not looking too good for her honey. But at least she won’t be suffering anymore.” Maddie nodded sincerely. Clara had been staying with her ailing sister off and on for the past few months. “There’s a plan and purpose for all things.” She smiled sweetly. 
“That’s true.” Maddie smiled before feeling Alex walk up behind her, suddenly he seemed interested in the conversation. 
“You must be the new boy in town.” Clara chucked as her brown eyes focused on Alex. 
“Nice to meet you Mrs. Jones, I’m Alex.” 
“I was so pleased to hear about you coming down to help us out.” She smiled after shaking his hand. “Ooh He’s got a grip!” she chuckled. “Darryl’s so overworked. I keep telling him, he has to let some of you younger kids take a case or two now and then. He thinks he can just keep going.” She shrugged. 
“I’m glad I could help out.” Alex smiled. Clara looked back at Maddie and took her hand. 
“Well, I’ll let you two go have fun.” Her eyes met Maddie’s as she smiled playfully. “It was great seeing you sweetheart, call me and let me know how you’re doing. Nice meeting you young man.” She grinned before returning to the other side of the room where Darryl was seated. 
Alex still hadn’t moved from behind Maddie. While she was talking to Clara, he had casually draped his arms around her. He wasn’t holding her very tightly, but it still felt nice just to be held. 
“See…” he whispered into her ear. “Someone else thinks you’re beautiful too.” She was at a loss for words at the moment. Sometimes the sound of his voice could drive her insane, in a good way. She looked down at the bottle of beer he had in his hand.
“And you’re a little drunk.” She smiled turning around to face him, still enclosed in his arms. 
“I’m not…” he started to defend himself, Maddie was skeptical of his glossy eyes. “Okay, I’ve had a teeny bit to drink… but…” he stumbled a little, Maddie laughed as she tried to hold him up. “I’m not taking back what I said.” 
She noticed him wincing with each step he took. “Does it still hurt that bad?” 
“Oh, now you’re concerned, eh?” 
“I was concerned last night too. You said you were fine. Don’t put this all on me.” 
“You tempted me to where I lost all self-control.” He smiled back at her. “And morals.” 
“No honey, the lack of morals was all you.” She giggled and gently pushed him toward a chair. 
“Stay there.” She grinned and shook her head as he stuck his bottom lip out. “Don’t give me that look!” she grinned. “I’ll be back to check on you.” She stepped away; leaving him briefly to talk to some other friends she hadn’t seen in a while. 
Several minutes later after Maddie had made her way around the room, she went to sit at the bar and talk with the bartender, Chance. They were frequent visitors there, so they knew everyone that worked there along with the regulars. 
“Haven’t seen you in a while.” Chance’s white smile lit up against his tanned skin. His hair was spiky and blonde on the tips.
“Yeah, I’ve been working.” 
“Been stayin’ hid.” He winked, serving up a drink to another customer. “Glad to see you out amongst the living.” 
“I guess Jay’s been keeping everyone informed on my social status.” Chance laughed to himself as he took another order. Maddie nibbled on a pretzel while looking at some pictures hanging on the board across from the bar. 
“Hey whatcha’ drinkin’ baby?” Maddie continued chewing her pretzel, trying hard not to laugh as she did a double take looking over at Alex, now wearing a black cowboy hat as he sat down on the stool beside her, with a huge drunken smile on his face. 
“Where on earth did you---“
“Someone bought it for Abby as a gag gift, since she’s from Texas and all… Anyway.” He lowered it down over his eyes. 
“She told me to put it on and find you. She said you’d understand. So whatcha’ drinkin’?” he asked again, trying to add a southern drawl to his strong British accent. Maddie giggled loudly as she looked away, hiding her bright red face. She’d have to pay Abby back for this later. There was just something about cowboy hats.
“You must be Alex, the new guy.” Chance spoke up. 
“And you must be the bartender, get me one of those…” his voice slurred a little as he pointed to the shot Chance handed out to someone else. 
“He’s not himself tonight.” Maddie tried to explain. 
“Darlin’ no one ever is in here.” Chance told her as he slid the drink to Alex. “No, I figured you were new since you asked to buy her a drink.” He motioned to Maddie. “Everybody around here knows Maddie don’t drink.”
Maddie looked back at him, appalled. “I do too!” 
“Honey, I wasn’t talking about Coke.” He replied, sending Alex into a fit of laughter. 
Maddie’s mouth flew open. “Chance! You’ve lost your mind, you’ve served me drinks personally!” 
“Yeah, years ago.” he exclaimed. “You haven’t drunk since that one night…” 
Maddie looked up at him, she knew exactly what he was referring to. “Don’t!” 
“Hey Alex,” Chance ignored her. “Do you know why everyone calls her Freebird?” 
“Chance!” Maddie warned, but it didn’t do any good. 
“As a matter of fact, I don’t.” Alex motioned for a second drink. “And by the way she’s acting it must be good… so do tell.” He grinned. Maddie looked back and forth between them, she sighed, buried her face in her hands and groaned once Chance began to talk.
“A couple years ago Nell, the owner decided she wanted to have a karaoke night here…” he stopped to laugh at Maddie who muttered she was going to kill him. 
“Anyway… this was back when Miss Sobriety here was drinking. And she was really drinking. I mean a lot.” He paused his story to serve another drink. 
“I’m in shock!” Alex grinned over at Maddie, who still had her head down. “You got off your trolley? You?” 
Maddie laughed uncontrollably. “I don’t even know what that means, but whatever it is I didn’t do it.” 
“She was plastered.” Chance yelled out. 
Maddie rose from her seat. “I’m going home now.” 
“Annt.” Alex stopped her as she tried to step down from the stool. 
“You’re not leaving are you?” Chance’s happy face returned. “Where was I?” 
“Maddie was drunk.” Alex reminded him. 
“Oh yeah, so we’re having a great first night with the karaoke. Great until Maddie decides she wants to sing. The girl couldn’t even stand up. She sang Freebird… and failed. Terribly. All before falling off the stage for the grand finale.” 
“Jay said I didn’t even get the words right.” She gave in and joined them. Figuring that she might as well own up to it. “That in itself was wrong, you should’ve pulled me off the stage right then.” 
Chance was still laughing. “I can’t even listen to that song anymore. It was horrible. Thanks for ruining it.” 
“You’re welcome.” She said back sweetly. 
“But I’m assuming that’s why she doesn’t drink anymore, to spare our ears.” He moved more empty glasses to the bar. “Honestly, I’m surprised you can even sit here, I thought the smell would be enough to make you pass out.” He joked. “It’s been so long, you probably couldn’t handle it.” 
She took that comment as a challenge. “Give me one of those.” She pointed at the drink he poured for Alex. 
“What? Aw Honey, I was just playing with you. I don’t think you want…” 
“Yes, I do, give me one of those.” She wasn’t backing down. Chance glanced at Alex who shrugged his shoulders. 
“Okay.” He poured her a shot. “I tried to warn you.” 
Maddie picked up the tiny glass and held it up to Alex’s. 
“Cheers.” He grinned at her. 
“Cheers, love.” She smiled as they clinked their glasses together and turned them up. 
Seconds later, Maddie wished she had listened to Chance. She turned her head away from both of them, eyes squeezed shut, her mouth was burning, and the gag reflex wasn’t helping matters at all! She turned back around, blinking her watery eyes, ignoring their laughter. 
“That was good.” She choked out, shaking her head as if that’d help. 
“You want another?” Chance didn’t even finish asking before she answered him. 
“No, no… that’s fine.” She got up quickly, a little too quickly, almost slipping off the stool. Alex jumped up to help her, not paying much mind to his aching back. 
“Ow! Ow…” he grimaced as they tried to balance each other. 
“I think we both need to stay seated before we kill each other.” 
“No, it helps to move around, I jumped up too quick.” He rubbed his back. The lights lowered as couples moved toward the open dance floor. He looked down at her with a grin. 
 “You want to dance?” 
Maddie stared up at him. “I don’t think you’re in any condition to dance.” 
“I’ll be fine.” He pulled her out to the floor. “Or are you making excuses because you got a little tipsy one night and made a fool of yourself dancing too?” 
“Ha.” She replied. “For your information, I like dancing.” She placed her hands around his neck. “I wanted to make sure you were up for it.” 
Alex locked his arms around her waist as they moved along to the music. “I’m up for anything you’ve got darlin’.” He flashed a smile; it was gorgeous to her even though she knew he wasn’t quite all there at the moment. Maddie hugged him close as she laid her head against him. Her fingers inched up to wrap around the curls sticking out under the cowboy hat he was still wearing.
The song ended and another one soon followed. Maddie refused to move; she was perfectly content right where she was. She wished she didn’t have to walk away. She wanted to stay in that spot for the rest of the night. 
Another song began, and she pulled away, thinking he may tired, but Alex gently pulled her closer. She looked up at him, hoping that she would meet his dreamy eyes and a charismatic smile. But instead she saw that he was staring off into the distance that faraway look back in his eyes. Maddie turned her head a little, to see if he were actually looking at something, or someone… but there was nothing in particular in his view.
His hands rubbed against her back, causing her to close her eyes and peacefully lay back against him. Once again, she wanted to know what was going on with him, but this time she wouldn’t ask. She stuck to the promise she made to herself. He would tell her eventually. She leaned her head up again to look at him and suddenly wondered if it was the pain from his injury that was causing the unpleasant look on his face. “Alex?” she whispered, maybe a little too soft for a crowded dance floor with blaring music.
“Alex?” she spoke up again a little louder when he didn’t turn. He finally glanced down at her with a huge smile on his face as if nothing was wrong. 
“Yes, love?” 
“Just wondering if you were okay.” 
He nodded. “Stop worrying about me so much, I’m practically healed!” he smiled brightly again. He leaned down next to her ear so he wouldn’t have to shout over the noise. 
“You’re a good dancer.” 
Maddie tried to lean up to his ear, but she couldn’t reach even standing on her toes. He grinned again as he caught on to what she was doing and leaned back down. “Not too bad yourself.” She told him. He tipped his hat at her and pulled her closer to him, squeezing her into a hug as the song ended. 
The door of the loft flew open at around midnight, which would normally be an early end to a Friday night party, but the attendees were exhausted. Abby’s friends from work had to either get up early the next morning, or they were leaving soon after for the late-night shift at the hospital. There was also Alex’s condition to consider, even though he insisted he was fine and could stay all night, and the alcohol in his body had nothing to do with it, so he claimed. 
But the main reason the party ended early was because of the birthday girl herself. Abby had a little too much to drink, followed by way too much more to drink, and so on. Jay loved her enough to not let her embarrass herself completely. With Maddie &amp; Alex’s help, they loaded her up in the back of her 4-Runner and Jay drove them all home. 
“I love you!” Abby giggled as she grabbed Jay’s face and kissed him as soon as they walked in the door. 
“I love you too…” he laughed. “Honey… Abby…” he tried to get her to stop so he could catch his breath. To his surprise, she grabbed the collar of his shirt and leapt up, wrapping her legs around him. Jay almost lost his balance, falling into the kitchen counter. 
“Happy Birthday love!” Alex yelled as he walked over to the couch where Maddie was already sitting. Abby practically dragged Jay into their bedroom and slammed the door. 
“He’s acting like he’s not enjoying that.” He smirked while the noise in the bedroom got louder. 
“Abby’s being competitive.” Maddie laughed to herself. 
“Oh.” Alex glanced over at her. “Shall we challenge them, or...?” 
“Uhhm…” They both looked back at the direction of all the commotion when something crashed to the floor. “You wanna go for a walk instead? Maybe give them some privacy?”
“That’ll work too.” 
They met out in the garage a few minutes later. Both dressed in jeans and t-shirts, Maddie had on her new favorite shirt, again. 
“You will have to wash that, eventually.” 
“It still smells good.” She smiled back at him, pulling her hair up in a ponytail. 
“So…” Alex’s eyes wandered to the backside of the garage. “Why don’t we take one of those out for a spin?” he pointed at the motorcycles. 
“Uh…” Maddie cleared her throat. “Because I don’t want to have to cuff you and throw you in jail for a DUI! Don’t think I won’t!” she pointed at him. 
He sadly looked back at her, judging by the way his head felt at the moment, she was right. “Okay.” He placed his arm around her shoulder. “Sorry Officer, it won’t happen again.” 
“Good.” She smiled as they headed outside. 
“But you’re more than welcome to use the cuffs if you like.” He whispered in her ear. Maddie elbowed him lightly in the ribs, fighting off the urge to take him seriously. 
They walked down the quiet street; lights flickered from the signs of empty buildings. Occasionally a car or two would pass by causing a rush of noise and gusts of wind. Maddie was leading the way; she had a certain place in mind for them to walk to. Alex was relatively quiet, she glanced over and saw him texting someone on his phone. 
The light from his screen lit up his face. She leaned over closer to him, looking over his shoulder. 
“Hey now.” He held the phone away from her, still rapidly typing. 
“Don’t worry, I didn’t see anything.” She grinned. “Tell your girlfriend I said hi.” 
Alex’s eyes crinkled up when he smiled again. He looked over at her. “Maddie say’s hi.” 
“You’re impossible.” She muttered under breath, forcing away a smile. 
“For your information…” he continued as he typed a closing message before shoving the phone in his pocket. “I was talking to Jett..” 
“Oh good. You know I’m glad that you actually have friends. I was starting to worry that you were a total hermit.” 
He made a face of disapproval at her. “Takes one to know one sweetheart.” He playfully squeezed the back of her neck. 
She cringed away from him and ran a few steps ahead. “Let’s go up this way.” She headed toward an uphill road as they turned the corner, holding onto his hand and leading the way. 
He followed her to the top of the hill and along a grassy path. The moon was full and lit their way along with the millions of stars and elegant looking streetlamps that lined the sidewalk. Maddie walked over to an enormous maple tree sitting to itself in a field full of clover. 
“This is my happy place.” She smiled, sitting down under the tree with her legs crossed. Alex joined her, leaning up against the large trunk of the tree. Maddie took a seat in the grass in front of him and leaned back against his chest. 
“You’re back okay?” she asked, sounding like a broken record. 
“I’m fine.” He sighed. “And for the next million times you ask… I’m fine I’m fine and… you know what? I’m fine!” 
“Excuse me for caring.” 
“I’m glad you care.” His arms wrapped around her in a hug. “It’s something to get used to.” He settled back against the tree again. “It’s so peaceful here, no wonder you like it so much. I could easily go to sleep right now.” 
“Yeah, I come here a lot just to sit and think, or I used to anyway.” She picked at some grass next to her. “And right now, the weather’s just right, it’s not hot but not cold. It’s comfortable. Spring is my favorite time of year.” 
Alex thought for a moment. “I’d have to go with winter myself.” 
Maddie’s nose crinkled up. “Winter? It’s so cold! And there’s snow and ice everywhere.” 
“I have a lot of fond memories of winter, playing in the snow and all.” He smiled. “I guess that’s why I like it so much.” He shrugged. “You can’t tell me you don’t get excited when you see the first snowfall. Or on Christmas morning?” 
“Alex, last Christmas it was warm enough to wear shorts. You’re forgetting this is Tennessee. I think our first snowfall was in February and then the next week it was around seventy degrees outside.” 
“Yeah, you all are pretty strange around here.” He teased. “Spring is nice too I guess… except for all the rain.” 
“Oh, I love the rain, that’s the best part!” she smiled. 
Alex shifted around a little. “Can’t say I agree to that, not after last night anyway.” 
“Aside from that.” She continued. “I love to listen to the rain, especially at night. And it makes everything so green outside, and the smell… it smells so good after it rains.” 
“So, your favorite smell is the drenched outdoors?” he chuckled. 
“And lilacs.” She added. “And wild roses, homemade cookies, lavender...” 
“I like gasoline.” 
Maddie craned her neck up so she could see his face. “You’re one of those people.” She groaned. “I bet you like the smell of permanent markers too.” 
“Oh, those are the best!” he said excitedly. “Especially the big fat ones!” 
She shook her head at him. “You’re deranged. So, what’s your favorite color?” she continued their game of twenty questions. 
“Probably red depends on my mood I guess. And you?” 
“Black.” 
“Black? Not pink?” 
“Ew, you’re insulting me.” She frowned. “I like black. It’s basic, simple but, it has an edge to it. Is it so wrong for a girl to like black?” 
“No…” he replied. “Just a little mysterious is all.” 
“That’s good.” She smiled. Two could play at that game. 
They continued their game for a few more rounds. Asking about favorite movies, foods, cartoon characters, even their favorite assignments they’ve had during their careers. 
It was getting close to three in the morning before either of them looked at the time. Maddie could feel her eyelids getting heavy as she rose to her feet. 
“If I knew no one would be out looking for us, I’d stay until sunrise.” She stared out at the view. “I’ve never been here right at sunrise, I’ve always wanted to though. I bet it would be beautiful.” 
“We’ll have to do that sometime.” He smiled, putting his arm around her shoulder as they walked home. 
  
Maddie felt as if her head had just hit the pillow when she was rudely awakened by an annoying tinkling noise. She ignored it at first; maybe she was hearing things. But the noise kept on. She squeezed her eyes shut when her light was flipped on. 
“Maddie?” a voice whispered. Then the tinkling started again. She was prepared to kill whoever was responsible for the most annoying sound ever. “Wake up, love.” 
“Alex?” she opened one eye and saw her nemesis, dangling a set of keys in her face. “What are you doing?” her voice cracked as she talked. 
“I want to show you something.” He smiled brightly. 
How could he possibly be so awake when they’d only had… she stopped to stare doubtfully at her alarm clock. “Two hours?” she exclaimed. “Alex…” her ranting was paused while she yawned. “I’ve only been asleep for two hours!” 
“You can go back to sleep in a few minutes… I want you to come with me… Maddie!” he complained as she flopped back over against her pillows. Alex grabbed her shoulders and sat her back up. “Come with me, just for a minute.” He grabbed her hand and pulled her along. 
Maddie automatically assumed this had to be a dream. How was it possible for him to be so drunk the night before and so exuberantly happy and refreshed on two hours sleep? Why was he waking her up so early? What was the rush? 
They stepped into the garage, Maddie still dressed in her pajamas. She wiped her eyes and blinked to get them adjusted to the light. This was definitely a dream. There was a random red truck she didn’t recognize sitting in front of her with something large covered up in the bed. 
“Maddie,” Alex led her along to the other side of the truck. “This is my buddy Jett.” 
“I see he got you out of bed too.” A stalky young black man smiled as he held out his hand. Maddie shook it with a dazed expression on her face. “Nice to meet the girl that made pretty boy here go through so much trouble.” He moved to the back of the truck to uncover the item.
“Trouble?” She didn’t have time to ask anything else. Alex helped Jett pull the large plastic covering away to reveal a beautiful motorcycle, Alex’s retro Indian bike.
“Jett had it in storage for me at his place, since I had nowhere to keep it back home.” Alex explained as they lowered the massive bike to the floor. “I’ve been missing it, so I asked if he would bring it by.” 
“Making me drive all night long so you can impress your girl.” He shook his head before holding his hand out, waiting for payment.
Maddie wasn’t paying much attention to them; her eyes were fixated on the leather and chrome. Alex slapped several bills into Jett’s hand. “Worth every penny.” He whispered. 
Jett counted over the bills. “You need anything else down here?” he whistled. “TV? Stereo? Want me to haul a car for ya? I could hitch a trailer to the back…” 
Alex patted him on the shoulder before walking over to Maddie. “Well?” 
“It’s so pretty!” she ran her fingers over the handlebars. 
He held up the keys. “I only ask that I get to ride it every occasionally.” Maddie looked back at him as he handed the keys to her, not understanding what he meant. 
“What do you mean? Of course, you get to ride it, it’s your bike. I don’t unders— “Alex walked around the bike to stand in front of her. He pulled up her hand, holding it palm up, and dropped the keys, folding her fingers down over them. 
“No. It’s your bike.” 
Maddie stared back at him. He couldn’t be serious. That bike cost a fortune. He loved it. He wasn’t actually giving it to her… was he? “I’m still asleep aren’t I?” 
“You’re awake, I promise.” Alex replied. “I never have time to ride it, you can ask Jett, it’s been in his garage for the past year or so…” 
“And I haven’t been riding it either…” Jett added in an unbelieving tone. 
“Whatever.” Alex cut him off. “I’d rather see it put to good use, and I know you’ve wanted a bike like this so…” 
“Alex…” she shook her head while attempting to hand him back the keys. “This is one of the most expensive… I can’t… you… I… No!” she finally blurted out, shoving the keys at him. 
“It doesn’t matter how much it cost.” 
“Have you lost your mind? Yes, it does!”
“Are you seriously not going to accept it after Jett drove all the way from Virginia…” 
“All the way from Virginia.” Jett repeated. “Hey, I’ll drive it back if you wanna pay me more.” Alex waved his hand for him to hush. “Maddie I wouldn’t worry too much about how much he paid for it…” 
“Jett…” 
He let out a low chuckle. “It’s like pocket change to playa here.” 
“I think I can handle it now Jerome.” Alex muttered. 
“Hey…” Jett continued. “Has he told you about his crib back home? The penthouse? That’s one sweet pad.” 
Maddie’s jaw dropped as Alex made a lunge for Jett, but he ran too fast for him. Her mouth was still open when he gave up and walked back over to her. 
“Your p---.” She couldn’t even form the word. “You have a pent—A—A really huge apartment?” 
“It’s a rather modest penthouse.”
“A modest penthouse, is that even a thing?” Jett added. “Take the bike and be happy. You’ll be happy, he’ll be happy… it’s a win-win.” 
“What do you say?” Alex asked her, trying to pull her mind away from the money and penthouse topics. “If you don’t want it, I’ll let him take it back.” 
“On second thought, if you’re gonna pay me more… don’t take it Maddie, nah it’s a bad idea.” 
Alex rolled his eyes at his friend. “I want you to have it. Please?” 
“If it’ll make you happy…” she pretended to sigh. 
“Very happy.” He grinned and leaned over to hug her. 
“I can’t believe you did this.” She whispered in his ear as he was holding her. “But thank you, oh my God thank you!” 
“You’re welcome.” He smiled, still holding on tight. 
“And we’re going to discuss the whole penthouse thing, right?” 
“So, Jett, buddy… Thanks for bringing the bike down.” He blurted out to bypass the question. 
“Anytime man.” 
“Do you want to go inside and get something to eat?” Maddie asked him. “I can fix us some breakfast.” Hoping that he would stay, Jett was full of interesting information.
“Nah, I’ll grab something on the way back.” 
“You don’t have to run off so soon do you?” 
“Unfortunately.” He sighed. “I have things to tend to before heading back to the base.” Maddie nodded, she hated how anything related to the military had a draining effect on her. 
“Be careful.” 
“Will do.” He smiled back cheerfully and gave her a hug. Maddie could hardly breathe; the guy was nothing but pure muscle. 
“Thanks again for bringing it down.” Alex hugged him. “Stay alive out there.” 
“You know I will.” He replied as Alex grabbed his face and kissed him on the cheek. Maddie giggled at Jett’s disgusted expression. 
“Damn it you over-affectionate Brit.” He muttered, wiping his face. “What’s wrong with y’all? You’re so dang touchy feely!” 
Alex threw his hands up in the air, shrugging. “What can I say, I’m a lovable person.” 
“Pshh.” Jett shook his head and climbed in the truck. “Enjoy your new toy… keep this one out of trouble!” 
“Um.. I definitely will and that’s impossible.” She giggled as he nodded in agreement while shutting the door. “It was great meeting you, hope to see you again.” 
“I’m sure you will.” He smiled and then flinched away when Alex came up to the window. “Ahh… don’t! Keep your mouth to yourself, man!” 
“Just saying goodbye.” Alex laughed. “Let me know when you get back.” 
He leaned in closer to him. “We’re right behind you.” he whispered. 
Alex gave him a smile back. “I know.” 
“Later!” Jett called out to them, waving goodbye before pulling out of the garage. Alex was back at the bike when Maddie turned to look at him, he sat down and started it up, the engine roared loudly before idling to a gentle, soothing hum. 
“You’re not seriously giving me that.” She questioned once they were alone again. “I mean it was cute you were trying to impress your friend and all…” 
“Maddie… I have no reason to impress Jett. The bike is yours.” He revved up the motor and grinned. “Are you going to go out like that?” Maddie looked down and back up at him. “Go get ready,” he yelled over the motor. “I reckon the sun will rise soon!” 
Maddie’s entire face lit up at the thought of his plan. She dashed back into her room and threw on some different clothes and her shoes. She grabbed her helmet that was sitting near the door and ran back out to join him. 
“You want up front first?” he asked. She quickly shook her head as she climbed on behind him. As if she would pass up an opportunity to hold him. Her arms laced around him as she held on tightly. 
As they eased out onto the street, Maddie told him about a longer route to the park. Alex headed down the road, keeping the speed limit until they were off the main highway. They reached the old dirt road she had told him about to take the long way to the park and Alex paused the bike for a second. 
“Hold on!” he yelled back to her before revving up the motor again. Maddie screamed as she clung onto him, closing her eyes tightly. When she opened them, all she could see was the vibrant green blur of trees as they flew past. 
She closed her eyes again, praying to herself as they took a sharp curve. That area of the road didn’t have a guardrail and Maddie envisioned them plunging down the side of the mountain. Alex laughed to himself as she squeezed tighter. 
They came to a clearing and the cool early morning wind swept all around them as they turned off of the dirt road back onto the highway again; under a mile from the park’s back entrance. The bike’s speed lowered as they entered the park area. They passed an old mill with a soothing creek running alongside it. The sky was brightening when they parked the motorcycle. Alex grabbed Maddie’s hand as they ran up to the same tree they were at the night before. 
“Just in time.” He smiled, standing behind her so he could wrap his arms around her; it was now his turn to hold on. 
“It’s so beautiful.” Maddie stared out at the gorgeous view that splashed across the sky. Sunbeams lit up the trees and made the flowering buds glimmer with the morning’s dew. She turned to look at his face, which was even more beautiful to her than the sunrise. 
“Thank you.” She whispered as he pulled her in for a hug. “That was better than getting a dozen motorcycles.” 
Alex leaned back, looking a little upset. “I didn’t insult you by giving you that, did I?” 
“Oh, no! Of course not!” she quickly replied, shaking her head. Wishing she could take the words back. “That’s not what I meant.” 
“I know some people get a little weirded out with expensive gifts. I should have thought….” 
“Alex, it’s fine.” She assured him. “Although it makes me feel a little bad. I can tell you love that bike.” 
“That’s why I said as long as you let me ride it.” 
Maddie grinned. “We’ll share custody. How’s that?” 
“Oh, so we’re already divorced, eh? That was quick.” He leaned his forehead against hers. “I wanted to show you how much I cared.” 
Her voice took a sarcastic tone. “By giving me your oversized, extremely fast bike? Was the florist closed?” 
His hands lightly touched her face. “I guess I got it backwards. I’ll get the flowers next time, then the chocolates…” 
“Next time?” she asked, still not believing what was happening at that moment. Still not realizing what was right in front of her eyes. 
“Yes, next time. Unless you don’t want there to be?” his eyes locked on hers, hands were still in place, rubbing her already blushing cheeks. 
“What happened to your fear of commitment? Your thoughts about being in a relationship right now?” 
“You.” He paused for a moment. “In a way, I still feel that way but… you’re forcing me to change my mind.” 
Alex leaned down, pressing his lips against hers. It hit Maddie with a swarm of emotions, Confusion, fear, happiness, and total excitement. She couldn’t pull away, all the fear of starting a new relationship, getting her heart so involved with someone else’s, it all left the instant they kissed. 
Her hands found their way to his hair, grabbing handfuls of the curls she’d been dying to touch from the moment she saw him. 
Alex pulled her even closer, holding her close and tightly as the kiss intensified. He knew he had feelings for her but didn’t realize how strong they were until that moment. His arms wrapped around her waist as he lifted her up off her feet for a few seconds. 
When they pulled away, Maddie’s toes weren’t even touching the ground. She was smiling uncontrollably as he lowered her back down to the ground. He took her hands in his, looking down at them. 
“I know tonight will be difficult and stressful, no matter what happens Maddie.” he looked up at her, the fear back in his eyes. “I will take care of you.” 
She nodded back, not sure what to say. She didn‘t understand why he was so upset about the plan to bring down Lewis. They had a solid plan in place. What could go wrong? “I know you will.” She gave him a faint smile back. “I trust you.” 
“That’s what I needed to hear.” He leaned over to kiss her forehead. “We better get back.” He whispered, running his fingers through her hair. Taking her hand, they made their way back down to where the motorcycle was parked. 

Chapter Nine
 
Alex and Maddie arrived at the loft and parked the motorcycle next to the other two street bikes and sat their helmets down nearby. She looked at him and couldn’t believe her luck, couldn’t believe he was actually hers. He shared her same contented look as he patted her head, trying to smooth down her hair.
 
She pulled a ponytail holder from her wrist. “Helmet hair, not my best look.”
 
“Looks like you just rolled out of bed.” He winked, taking her hand as they walked to the entrance of the loft.
 
“That’s an interesting thought.” She added. Alex grinned back at her, evil smile intact.
 
“And what have you two been up to?” Jay stood in the doorway, blocking their way. He stared at them with his arms crossed. 
 
“We went for a ride on my new bike.” Maddie smiled back proudly. 
 
“Uh-huh.” Jay replied, not moving. He had the expression of an overprotective Dad glaring at his teenage daughter’s new rebellious boyfriend. But it was all a front. It overjoyed him to see his best friend truly happy again. 
 
Maddie leaned into Alex’s arms. “I think I will go catch up on my sleep.” She yawned. 
 
He gave her crooked smile back, running his fingers along the side of her face. “You want some company?”
 
“That would be nice, but right now I need sleep.” She emphasized, now touching his face. “And so, do you.” Her fingers slid to his mouth, touching his lips. 
 
Alex kissed her fingertips. “Let me know if you change your mind.” He smiled as she slipped out of his arms, staring back at him as she walked into her room. 
 
Alex grinned to himself while he swaggered past Jay over to the kitchen, grabbing a box of cereal and some milk from the fridge. “You had an interesting night, so we heard.” He said as Jay took a seat across from him.
 
“Hey, I’m just trying to keep up around here man, you’re making it difficult.” Jay laughed as he filled up his own bowl. “I’m happy for you two though, wouldn’t want to see her with anyone else. You’ve made her happier than I’ve seen her in a long time.”
 
“She’s made me happy too.” Alex smiled. “So, I guess this means I have your approval?” 
 
“Sure. But if you hurt her, I’m kicking your ass.” 
 
“If I hurt her, I’ll let you kick my ass and then I’ll go kick my own ass.” 
 
“Ah, so that’s how you know it’s true love.” 
“She’s so different, I don’t know.” He shrugged. “I can’t wrap my head around what it is about her.” 
 
“Maddie’s a good girl. I’m being sincere here for once.” He added. “Really, once you get her out of her shell, she’s pretty great.” 
 
Alex nodded. “It’s so easy to talk to her, I’ve never had that. It’s like we can talk about something serious and then about the most random things. Either way, she listens. She gets it.” 
 
Jay thought for a moment as he ate. “She’s the first Southern girl you’ve dated. Right?” 
 
“That’s it!” he smiled and snapped his fingers. “Is that it? Really?” 
 
“That’d be it man.” Jay smiled as they fist bumped. “There you go.” 
 
 
 
 
A few hours later, Maddie woke up from her peaceful sleep. Probably the most peaceful she had slept in a long time. She smiled happily to herself as she bounced out of the bed like a kid on Christmas morning. She couldn’t wait to see him again. Walking into the living room she saw that Alex and Jay were sitting around the card table again, going over all the details for later that night. Abby was also finally awake, she was sitting in the kitchen, trying to force down some waffles.
 
“You all got started without me.” She took a seat. 
 
“Nah, we’ve just been talking about you.” Jay joked. “Did you sleep well?” 
 
“Yes, I did.” She smiled looking across at Alex, her beautiful Alex. She had to force herself to stay seated and not leap across the table for him. From the look on his face, he seemed to have the same thoughts. 
 
“Did you have sweet dreams?” he asked. That smile would be the death of her. Maddie nodded, her facial expressions answered for her. 
 
“Okay…” Jay interrupted loudly. “Save it for later you two. We need to go over things so please tell me I’m not the only one here with a level head, because if so, we’re in trouble!” Alex and Maddie both sat up to pay close attention, sneaking glances at each other while Jay wasn’t looking. 
 
“So, at around seven-thirty…” Jay continued. “Maddie you will drive to the mansion, you’ll go inside for the grand tour.” His voice was full of sarcasm. “And you’ll take this…” he handed her a small cylinder device. “You swipe it in front of the security system; it’ll send us the pin number. It’s supposed to just take a few seconds.” 
 
“That’s cool.” She looked the device over. “I always wanted to be a Bond girl.” She glanced over at Alex. 
 
“As I was saying.” Jay took the gadget from her and laid it on the table. He peered over at Alex. 
 
“And I don’t even want to know what you were going to say, the look on your face says it all. Do y’all need to just go… have a fifteen-minute break or something.” He looked back and forth as Alex muttered something absurd about fifteen minutes under his breath. 
 
“We’ll be good Agent Carpenter.” Maddie assured him. “You can continue now.” 
 
“Thank you. So, we’ll let you know when we’ve received the pin. Then you’ll be leaving to go to the restaurant. Once you’re out of sight, Lover boy over here and I will break in and disable the alarm. We’ll copy everything from his computer and take pictures of anything else we see.” He pointed at Maddie. “You. Do not for any reason leave your table when you are with him. You don’t want to give him any opportunity to slip something in your drink.”
 
“Got it.” Maddie nodded. 
 
“We’ll stay in contact and let you know when we’re finished. Then Daniel can bring you back, make any excuse you have to in order to get out of there as soon as you can. We’ll be in the 4-runner at the gas station a couple blocks away.” 
 
“Sounds good. Not sure why you all are so worried about me seems like I have the easy part.” 
 
“We’re not the ones that will be alone with a madman.” Alex reminded her.
 
“No, we’re just going to be breaking into his house.” Jay added as he got up from the table. “I’ll call Darryl and make sure everything’s set with him.” He eyed them both tiredly again before walking away. 
 
They got up from their seats at the same time, Alex walked over to her and pulled Maddie into his arms. He lightly kissed her until she stopped him and led him into her room, shutting the door behind them. 
 
 
Maddie pulled her hand away and wrapped her arms around him, this time she started the kiss. It wasn’t long before her hands were entangled in his hair once again. Alex was backing her up toward the bed. She fell against it and they both made their way, crawling up to the top. 
 
Maddie ran her hands down the front of his shirt and then slipped them underneath it, their lips never releasing from each other. His fingers trailed down to the button on her jeans and he quickly pulled it loose. 
 
“Hey Guys!” 
 
“At least my door locks.” Maddie grumbled out of breath. Alex fell down on top of her in defeat, his head lying against her chest. “Yes, Jason?” she called out in annoyance when he banged against the door. 
 
“Dad’s on his way over.” he warned.
 
Maddie sighed as Alex eased off the bed, slowly. “Okay.” She yelled back as she sat up, her shoulders slumped. Alex placed his hand under her chin and lifted her face up. 
 
“We’ll have plenty of time once all this is over.” He leaned down to kiss her again. 
 
“I know.” She gave him a half-smile. 
 
“Stay here, I’ve got something for you.” He ran through the bathroom to his room. Maddie wondered what he could be up to now. He came back a few minutes later, holding a tiny pistol with a leather strap. 
 
“I didn’t want you going into this empty-handed.” He handed it to her. “But you must wear a dress that will keep it hidden.” 
 
Maddie eyed the black dress she had worn to Abby’s party, hanging on her closet door. She had planned on wearing it; it was the nicest thing she owned. But the pistol would strap around her leg and the length of the dress wouldn’t work out too well. 
 
“I was planning on wearing this but…” her voice trailed as she looked at her closet doubtfully, Maddie wasn’t exactly a fashion diva. “I’ll probably have to go buy something now, because I can’t hide the gun.” 
 
She analyzed her checkbook in her head. She still had a few bills to pay before her next paycheck and there weren’t enough funds to buy a new designer dress. She thought about her credit card that would work… but she almost had it paid off and it had taken her forever to do that. Abby probably had something she could wear, but then again, Abby usually wore shorter skirts and dresses, that wouldn’t work either.
“I figured you would.” Alex reached into his pocket. “Here, take this.”
 
Maddie stared back at him as he held out a roll of bills. She couldn’t see how much was there, she didn’t even want to know. “No… I’m not taking your money.” 
 
“It’s for the case Maddie.” 
 
“I don’t care! That’s crazy Alex, No, I’m sure I can find something…” she went back to studying her wardrobe.
 
“Just take it.” He grinned at her stubbornness as he pushed the money into her hand. 
 
“I’m not spending your money on a dress I will only wear one time!” 
 
“Then spend it on one you’ll wear more than once.” He grinned as she tried to shove the money back in his pocket. 
 
“Get something you think I’d like.” He took the money from her and distracted her with a kiss while he pushed it down the front of her shirt. 
 
“Fine.” She was a little dazed when he stopped kissing her. “But I’m paying you back.” 
 
“No, you’re not.” He playfully argued back while grabbing her hand as they walked into the living room. They weren’t aware that Darryl had already arrived. He stopped his conversation with Jay and looked over at them as they entered the room, an awkward silence soon followed. 
 
“Hey Darryl.” Maddie finally spoke up. “I guess Jay told you we’ve got everything ready for tonight.” 
 
“Mmhm.” He replied, his eyes focused on Alex for a moment. “Yeah, it sounds like you kids have it all under control. We’ll be close by. Did you give her the gun?” he asked Alex. 
 
“Yeah, and some money to go shopping for a dress.” He nudged her. 
 
“Shopping?” Abby called out from the couch. She was wide-awake now. 
 
“Yes, and you’re coming with me.” Maddie groaned. 
 
“Give me five minutes!” Abby sprang from the couch excitedly and ran to her room. 
 
“At least you know I’ll come back with something now. Abby can’t leave the mall without a purchase.” 
 
Darryl walked over to her. “You feeling okay about tonight?” 
 
“Sure thing Chief.” 
 
“Honestly?” he raised an eyebrow. “I don’t want you to feel you’re being pressured into doing this.” Maddie gave him a reassuring smile before she leaned over to hug him. 
 
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry about me.” she whispered. 
 
“I want you to do what you have to do the first moment you feel threatened.” He told her, his voice more caring now. He wasn’t speaking as her boss, but as the man who raised her. “No job is worth your life. Don’t think I’ll hold it against you, because I won’t. You have no idea how proud I am of you. Of both of you.” He looked over at Jay who gave him a smile.
 
“I’ll take care of her.” Jay walked over to them and putting his arm around Maddie. “As always.” 
 
“You better get going.” Darryl straightened back up, not wanting to get too sentimental. “Don’t have much time.” Just then Abby ran through the living room toward the door. 
 
“I’m ready I’m ready! Come on, Maddie!” she said impatiently. “Let’s go!” 
 
Maddie turned to give Alex a quick kiss before leaving. “See what you’ve got me into.” She joked. 
 
“Have fun!” he winked back at her as she slowly made her way to the door that Abby already had wide open. The room fell silent once again when the girls left. Alex was nervously fidgeting with his watch and scratching his head. He could feel Darryl’s eyes on him.
 
“Shoot!” Jay exclaimed, looking at his watch. “I forgot I got that thing to go do…” 
 
“What thing?” Alex asked, a little frantic. 
 
“That something thing, I don’t know…” his voice trailed off as he headed for the door. “But I have to go do it now, so I’ll see ya later. Hopefully.” He added with a laugh before shutting the door behind him. 
 
Alex felt sick at his stomach. He looked up at Darryl, who had his eyes focused on him. “Have a seat son.” He motioned toward the table and chairs. They both took a seat. Alex stared directly at the pen lying on the table. He didn’t want to meet his glare again.
 Darryl took a calming breath. “I see you and Maddie have gotten close lately.”
 
“Yes, sir.” Alex responded quietly, he finally got the nerve to look up at him. It surprised him to see that Darryl looked just as uneasy. 
 “You seem to be a good kid Alex, I’m not going to fuss at you.” He laughed a little. “But I felt like we needed to talk. Maddie’s…” he paused for a moment, trying to find the right thing to say. “Maddie’s had a hard life.”
 
“I know. She told me about Ethan and her parents.”
 
Darryl nodded. “She was so young when her mother died, I guess that’s why it didn’t affect her as much. Although as she became a teenager, you could tell she would’ve loved to have her Mom around. Luckily she had Clara.” He smiled a little. “I guess that made things easier too.” 
 
“Did you know her Mom?” Alex asked. 
 
Darryl’s face lit up. “Yeah, I went to school with both Mike and Lillian, Maddie’s mom. We were great friends. Maddie looks so much like Lilly. Her mother was so beautiful and had such a bright personality. I was there when Maddie was born.” He continued. “I remember holding her, she wrapped her little fingers around my finger.” Alex smiled as Darryl’s eyes began to tear up. “And let me tell you, she was just as much a handful back then as she is now.”
 
Alex smiled. “I can imagine.”. 
 
Darryl’s smile faded as his voice became serious again. “The worst moment of my life was when I had to tell her that someone had shot her Dad. It almost killed her. I guess you could say a part of that little girl died that day.” He rubbed his forehead as the memories flooded back. “She ran away right after the burial. She was gone for a week before we caught up to her. We found her in Arkansas, at a bus station.”
 
“Wow, where was she going?” 
 
“California. That’s where she assumed her Dad’s killer was. She was only twelve years old.” Darryl exclaimed. “Had us all sick with worry. I don’t know what she was planning on doing if she actually caught up with the guy.” 
 
“Did they ever catch him?” Alex asked. 
 
“They caught up with someone that was involved, it was a complicated situation. I told her that her Dad was shot in California, but he was nowhere near there.” Alex looked back at him confused. “It was for her protection.” Darryl assured him. “Mike was dealing with some dangerous people, he wouldn’t even give me all the details. He told me to never tell Maddie what I knew about it. And I haven’t. For her safety.”
 
Alex nodded. “I won’t mention anything to her.” 
 
“She was half starved when we found her, hadn’t slept for days.” Darryl continued. “She stayed in the hospital for a week to build her strength back up. We nearly lost her.” He shook his head. “I’m telling you this because, even now, Maddie doesn’t handle bad news too well. She’s had her heart broke so many times.”
Feelings of guilt came over Alex as he wondered if he was doing the right thing. He still wasn‘t sure how he would handle the situation with Daniel. And if Maddie got hurt in the process, he didn’t know if he could live with himself. But he loved her so much and could tell that she felt the same. It was too late to turn back now.
“I know. That’s why it took so long for me to even tell her how I felt. I don’t want to put her through any more pain, I couldn’t live with myself.” He looked back up at the older man sitting across from him. “I love her.”
 
 
 
 
 
“Maddie!” Abby whined to her friend for what seemed like the hundredth time. “What are we doing in here?” she asked, having a seat on a bench. Once they arrived at the mall, Maddie went straight to one of the lower-priced stores. She still hadn’t looked at the money and had her mind set on using her credit card, regardless of how Alex would feel about it.
 
“I can find something in here.” She replied searching hopelessly through the racks and racks of skimpy skirts and halter-tops. “At least it will be something I can afford.” 
 
Abby groaned to herself. “Why are you not using the money he gave you? You know he won’t be happy about that! And what are you planning on doing?” she asked getting up as Maddie moved on to another rack. 
 
“Using your credit card? That you’ve worked your butt off to get caught up on?” 
 
“I don’t want to use his money. I know he won’t be happy, but he’ll get over it.” she replied as Abby rolled her eyes, knowing if Alex was a stubborn as Maddie was, he wouldn’t just get over it. 
 
“And yes, I’m using my credit card. I’ll be fine.” 
 
“At least see how much he gave you.” 
 
“I’m not interested!” 
 
“Well, I am.” Abby giggled as she held her hand out. “You can at least let me look!” 
 
Maddie rolled her eyes and reached into her pocket to hand Abby the money
 
“Here and don’t tell me. I don’t want to know.” She turned away. Abby took a couple steps back, pretending to hide from her as she unrolled the bills. 
 
“Holy cow!” Abby exclaimed quietly. Maddie looked up at her from the clothes rack. 
 
“What’s wrong now?” she called out as Abby ran back to her. 
 
“Maddie.” She whispered. “There’s five thousand dollars here.”. Maddie stared back at her as if she had lost her mind until her gaze fell upon the bills fanned out in Abby’s hand. 
 
“Okay.” She replied confused, still staring at the bills. “Maybe he made a mistake?” 
 
“Yes, I mistakenly hand out five grand all the time.” Abby exclaimed. “Even if you’re right, the guy has thousands in cash he carelessly hands out.” She stared back at the money, still tightly holding onto it. “How come Jay doesn’t make this much?”
 
“Abby.” Maddie pulled, or more so yanked, the money out of her hands. “Alex works for the NYPD. The cost of living is higher, of course he makes more than we do.” 
 
“Maddie, you’re not getting it. He gave you five thousand dollars. For a dress.” she emphasized. “Who can afford to do that on a cop’s salary? Darryl could not even give you that much and he’s the chief! What are you doing?” she asked when Maddie pulled her phone out.
 
“I’m calling to straighten out this misunderstanding. Obviously he didn’t mean to give me that much. That’s probably his rent money or something… Hey.” She said when Alex answered the phone. 
 
“Hey there, sweetheart.” Alex called back cheerfully. “Darryl just left. We had a nice little talk. Having fun yet?” 
 
“Um… kinda. And sorry if he gave you a hard time.” She replied as she and Abby walked out into the main area of the mall. 
 
“Nah, I’m still breathing.” He laughed. “He mostly talked about you, when you were younger.” 
 
“Wonderful.” Maddie groaned. “I wanted to ask you about the money you gave me.” she hoped to change the subject fast. 
 
“You finally looked at it?”
 
“Yeah.” She paused as they took a seat. “Did you mean to give me five thousand?” 
 
“Is it not enough? You need me to bring you more?” he replied in all honesty. 
 
Maddie was glad she was sitting down. He could not be serious, could he? “N-No.” she replied, almost dropping the phone. “It’s more than enough, I thought maybe you gave me too much by mistake.”
“No, I knew how much I gave you.”
 
“Oh.” She replied in a daze, not able to say much of anything else at the moment. 
 
“Not wanting to rush you love but you two may need to hurry.” He told her. “We don’t have much longer.”
 
“Okay. Talk to you later. Bye.” She was grasping onto the bench with her free hand, staring straight ahead at nothing. 
 
“Maddie?” Abby snapped her fingers in her face. “Is everything okay?” 
 
“I’m dating a bank robber.” 
 
“Oh, I’m sure it’s nothing that bad.” Abby tried to reassure her. “Maybe he’s a drug dealer.” 
 
Maddie’s eyes widened as she glared at her. “Oh… what? I’m kidding!” she smiled, taking her hand and pulling her to her feet. “Come on, I know just the store where you can spend Mr. Moneybag’s cash.” Abby dragged Maddie all the way to the other end of the mall, they stopped outside a formal dress boutique. The windows were filled with pink balloons and frilly fabric, a huge, beautiful wedding gown stood in the entrance’s center.
 
“Oh, I don’t know about this place Abs.” she groaned as Abby pulled her inside. “I’m only going to dinner with the guy, not…” she eyed the wedding gowns in horror. 
 
“They have a section in the back with cocktail dresses. They even have a clearance rack!” she hoped that would do the trick. 
 
“Ah, you’ve said the magic words.” Maddie’s eyes widened as she followed along. She’d never seen so much poofiness in her life! 
 
They reached the back of the store, with only two sales associates begging to help them. The dresses were separated by color. On impulse, Maddie went for the rack full of black dresses. But she stopped after a few minutes as a smile crept up on her face, she slipped over to the left toward the red dresses.
 
“Wow, you’re looking at something colorful?” Abby exclaimed, already holding onto a dress she had found. “That’s odd.” 
 
“I decided my wardrobe needs a little red in it.” She held the silky dress up to her before hanging it back up. She sighed as they both dug through the selection. “I don’t have a clue about what style will even look good on me. I never wear dresses. Not like this anyway.”
 
“That’s why they have dressing rooms honey.” 
 
“I know, but we don’t have much time.” 
 
“Grab a few you like in your size and go try them on.” She held a dress up to Maddie, who stared down at it in disbelief. “Now that would look awesome!”
 “Where’s the rest of it? Or do you wear something underneath?”
“Oh my God, I’m so glad I came with you.” Abby groaned. “You’d be trying to find a tank top to go under this, No. Maddie dear… you don’t wear anything under it.”
 
“So…” she held up the dress, looking at the front. “Is this the back?” she asked hopefully. 
 
Abby pushed her toward the fitting rooms. “Just go!” 
 
“How do you wear a bra with this thing?” she shouted. 
 
“Try that one on first.” Abby closed the door of the stall. She laughed at Maddie’s grumbling. “Stop being so cynical Maddie, you want to turn Alex’s head… that my friend. That dress will turn heads!” 
 
Maddie was still muttering to herself after she had slipped the slinky fabric over her head. The dress was perfect lengthwise; it was exactly what she needed. But the top, it was lacking some.
 
“You got it on yet?” 
 
“I feel naked!” she exclaimed. She turned and looked at her reflection in the three mirrors surrounding her in the tiny room. It actually didn’t look half bad once she had it on. She was pleasantly surprised as she ran her hands over the fabric. Slowly she opened the door. 
 
“Oh wow!” Abby beamed. “You look amazing!” 
 
“Okay, so it doesn’t look too bad.” She agreed and then looked down. “I wonder if I could pin this up…” 
 
Abby smacked her hand as she tried pulling the fabric together. “You’re not ruining this dress. It looks fine, it covers everything.” 
 
“Let’s hope it all stays covered.” She sighed. “I’ll go with this one, since we’re in a hurry.” 
 
“Of course. Since we‘re in a hurry.” Abby grinned. 
 
“That’s cute.” Maddie pointed to the coral toned dress that Abby was still holding onto. “Are you going to get it?”
 
“I wish.” She held it up. “It’s out of my price range.” 
 
Maddie looked at the price tag. “It would be nice to wear in Hawaii.” She smiled. “Let me get it.” 
 
“Huh?” 
 
“Or shall I say, let Alex get it.” She smiled. “I have enough, it can be a late birthday present.” 
 
Abby took a couple seconds to think it over that’s all the time she needed. “I’ll be sure to thank him.” 
 
Maddie took the dress from her and admired it. “Do they have any in white?” 
 
“You need to add white to your wardrobe too?” Abby headed toward the rack where she had found the dress. Maddie nodded, laughing as her friend skipped along. 
 
“Yeah, grab me one!” 
 
The girls returned home around an hour later, the rest of their time was taken up by a visit to the shoe store. Abby also had to grab a few extra essentials they would need from the makeup counter. They ran inside, loaded down with bags and headed straight to Abby and Jay’s bathroom, locking the door behind them. Not even acknowledging Jay and Alex’s presence.
 
“You think he noticed that we bought more than just a dress?” Abby began styling Maddie’s hair.
 
“He didn’t ask me to bring back any change.” She laughed, then abruptly stopped. “Hmm… you think he wanted me to bring back change?”
 
“I think…” Abby pushed her head forward so she could work with it better. “You’ll be fine. Besides, once he sees that dress he won’t care.” They both smiled as Abby pinned and clipping away. Next came the hair spray she always went overboard with.
“I don’t think it’s going anywhere.” Maddie winced with her eyes squeezed shut. Abby finally sat the can down on the counter.
 “Sorry, I know I’m rushing a little.”
 
“Don’t apologize Abby, I know you have to work tonight. I appreciate everything you’ve done. I’d be lost without your help.” 
 
“I wish I didn’t have to work, another night shift.” She sighed. “But duty calls, I have to make up for staying out last night.” 
 
“You know what this reminds me of?” Maddie smiled. “Prom.” Abby giggled loudly as Maddie continued. “And you, sneaking out of your house so you could go with Jay.”
“I saved all my allowance for a year so I could buy my dress without them knowing. I was so terrified that night, but they would have never let me go with him with me being only sixteen”
 
“How long were you grounded? A month?” 
 
Abby nodded. “My parents were livid when they found out. But it was so worth it. That was the first time all four of us went out.” She smiled without realizing what she had said. She stopped with the makeup when she saw Maddie’s face. “I-I’m sorry Maddie… I didn’t mean to bring it up.”
 
“It’s okay.” She smiled, holding onto the engagement ring that remained on her necklace. “I brought it up anyway, and those were good memories, no reason to be sorry.” She reached around to the back of her necklace to unhook it. Holding it up for a moment and staring at the two charms dangling from the chain. She removed the diamond ring and placed it in a trinket box sitting nearby.
 A small tear escaped her eye as she placed the necklace back around her neck. “Now don’t do that.” Abby joked, handing her a tissue. “You will ruin my masterpiece.”
 
“Thank you.” She carefully wiped her eye. 
 
“Do you feel better now?” 
 
“Yeah.” She smiled a little. “Better than I thought I would. Maybe I should have let go sooner.” 
 
“You didn’t have a reason to let go before now.” Abby smiled back at her. 
 
It was a little after six when Abby left to change for work. Maddie slipped into her dress and shoes, praying to herself that everything would stay in its place. Several minutes later Abby ran back to the bathroom door dressed in her scrubs.
 
“Are you ready for the big reveal?” she smiled. Alex and Jay were dressed all in black, they had the appearance of a couple of thugs. Abby couldn’t help to think about her bank robber comment from earlier. 
 
“Before that, here.” Alex threw the keys to his rental car to her. They would use her 4-Runner that night. 
 
“Thanks.” She shoved the keys in her pocket. 
 
“Okay, ready?” There was only a groaning sound from behind the door. “You can’t stay in there all night.” She opened the door. Maddie stepped out slowly, rolling her eyes as Abby made her twirl around to give the full effect. “Well… what do you guys think?” 
Everyone had their eyes on Maddie, so no else noticed it at first. But when she caught a glimpse of the expression on Alex’s face, Maddie could feel her heart sinking. While she had no idea the full extent of turmoil he was going through right then, it still made her sad. She assumed he was worried about her or maybe he felt the same way she did right then. She wanted nothing more than to go out that night with him instead of having dinner with a psychopath. 
 For Alex it wasn’t that simple. He wanted that too, but he was also dealing with the fact that he was putting her in danger, and she had no idea. The longer he stared at her the more he wanted to confess to everything. It was taking all the strength he had not to do it. Although he already put Maddie in danger, if Alex exposed Daniel, or those who were over him, things could immediately go from bad to worse.
“Where’s the rest of it?” Jay suddenly interrupted Alex’s trance..
 
“Jay!” Abby groaned at him. 
 
“Seriously, does she have it on backwards or something?” 
 
“Jason!” Both girls grumbled in annoyance. 
 
“I’m just saying, there’s a lot of…” he paused, not sure how to put it. “Cleavage! Shouldn’t you wear something under it?” 
 
“No, Jay!” Abby grumbled.
 
“Or over it?” he continued. “Don’t you have like a shawl or… a sweater?’ 
 
Maddie thought for a moment. “I think I have a sweater…” 
 
“I’m not letting you walk out of this house with some Grandmaw knitted sweater on!” Abby scolded. 
 
Jay interrupted. “I think the sweater would be a good idea, go get it.” 
 
Alex held up his hand as Maddie headed for her room, speaking for the first time. “It’s bloody eighty degrees outside, she doesn’t need a damn sweater.” He playfully smacked Jay across the head before walking over to her. 
 
“Red huh?” he grinned, taking Maddie into his arms. 
 “Black huh?” She replied smiling up at him. Her forehead creased a little when she noticed the black bandana around his hair, hiding her precious curls. “You look like a bloody pirate.” She grinned, failing once again to speak with a perfect British accent.
 
“I had to do something with it, it’s getting out of hand.” He tried tucking his hair away under the bandana. “I may have to shave it off.” 
 
Maddie frowned, shaking her head. “I can’t let you do that.” 
 
“And why is that?” 
 
She leaned in closer to him. “What would I have to hold on to?” She pulled away from him, smiling at his astounded expression. 
 
“Okay, I suppose I can live with the hair then.” He pulled her closer into a hug and kissed her when Maddie pulled away. 
 
“Abby will murder me if I ruin all her work.” She frowned as his face turned sad. His fingers traced along her collarbone, stopping at the center of her necklace. 
 
“Where’d it go?” he asked when he noticed the ring was no longer there. “Did you lose it?” 
 
“No, I took it off.” 
 
“For safe keeping tonight?”
 
“For good.” She stared into his eyes. “That part of my life is over, it’s time for me to move on. And I can’t do that with a constant reminder hanging around my neck.” 
 
“I hope you didn’t take it off because you thought it would bother me. Because it didn’t.” 
 
“That’s not why.” She stopped him. “I needed to. And I didn’t realize how much I needed to until after I did it. I feel like someone has lifted a weight off my shoulders.” He smiled back at her, lightly touching the side of her face before pulling away.
 
Alex took a step back, looking her over once again. “My money looks good on you.” He grinned as she mischievously smacked at him. “You’ll definitely be wearing that more than once.” He placed his arm around her back as they headed for the garage. 
 
“You look beautiful tonight love.” He leaned over to whisper in her ear. “I wish you and I were going out instead.” 
 
Maddie tried to force away the lump in her throat. She wished the same, but she knew if she gave him the slightest indication she didn’t want to go through with the plan, he would call everything off. Alex still wasn’t crazy about her being alone with Daniel and as time grew nearer, Maddie was beginning to have the same fear. 
 
Alex opened the driver’s side door of the Firebird for her and she carefully sat down, keeping everything in its place. He knelt down to talk to her before closing the door. 
 
“You have the gun, right?” 
 
Maddie nodded as he continued. “Don’t hesitate to use it.” He told her, placing his hands on her lap. “If you bailed out right now, no one would be disappointed in you Maddie.” 
 
“I know. I’ll be careful, I promise.” 
 
“We’ll be right down the way a bit if you need us.” He handed her an ear bud, as he placed his own in his ear. He looked back up at her, noticing the sadness in her eyes. “What’s the matter, love?” 
 
She hesitated for a moment. “I wish we were going out tonight instead.” Alex’s face lit up with a smile. 
 
“How about tomorrow night?” He took her hand in his. “We’ll go out to celebrate. I’ll take you to an even fancier restaurant…” he paused when she made a face. “What?” 
 
“I’d rather go for a burger and fries myself. I’m not looking forward to ordering food I can’t even pronounce.” 
 
“I could always order for you, but we’ll do whatever you want.” He got up and kissed her on the cheek. “Whatever makes you happy.” He smiled once more before shutting the door for her. “Be careful, love.” 
 
“I will. You guys be careful too.” She started up the engine. Alex had taken a few steps away toward the 4-Runner. He stopped suddenly and ran back to Maddie’s window. 
 
“Hey.” He knocked on the glass. 
 
“Alex, honey I’ll be fine.” She assumed she’d be answering his question before he asked. 
 
“It’s not that. I wanted to tell you…” he stopped talking and stared at her, taking in all her beauty. Maddie was waiting for him to continue, wondering what exactly was going on. Alex came out of his daze once Jay honked the horn. He gave him a glare before smiling back at her. “I love you Maddie.”
 
Maddie was in total shock as he continued to grin at her bewildered expression. She wasn‘t expecting to hear that. Was this not the same guy that said he’d rather stay single? He didn’t want to be involved with anyone right now? It was too difficult with their type of work? Of course, Maddie loved him, she was certain she had fallen for him long before he’d fallen for her. It was hard for her to believe he actually felt the same way. 
 
“I love you too.” She finally managed to say, still stunned, yet overcome with happiness. Alex quickly kissed the top of her hand and ran to the 4-Runner where Jay was waiting, lying against the horn. 
 
“Come on!” Jay yelled out aging him on. Alex grinned back, holding up an obscene finger. Jay quickly shot him one back, laughing. 
 
“You need to calm down muppet.” 
 
Jay started up the engine. “And you need to stop referring to me as a fuzzy puppet.” 
 
Alex laughed to himself. “I wasn’t---never mind. It’s over your head.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Chapter Ten
 
 
It was 7:30 and Maddie was early for her ‘date’ with Daniel. She drove up the long paved driveway slowly, hoping to waste a few more minutes before going inside. The last thing she needed was for him to have even more time alone with her than planned. 
Alex and Jay were sitting at a gas station, less than a mile away. Darryl would be close by as well later on. She had the gun, the small Bluetooth earbud, plus her phone with the GPS locater. She was completely safe, nothing to worry about, at least that’s what she kept telling herself. 
She parked the car outside the elaborate mansion. A string of security lights flipped on as soon as she pulled up, creating a lighted path all the way up to the house. Maddie’s hands were tightly gripped around the steering wheel. Her heart rate increased, she didn’t want to step foot out of that car but there was no turning back now. Taking a deep breath, she opened the door.
“Bugger!” 
Maddie jumped at the sound of Alex’s voice. “What’s wrong?” 
“I grabbed your laptop bag by mistake.” he grumbled. 
“It’s okay, I have the software installed that you need for the pin number.” She told him. “You should be fine.” 
“I’ll need your password.” 
“It’s Freebird.” 
“Of course.” He laughed while typing in the code. “Thanks love.” 
“Welcome. Wish me luck guys.” 
Alex sat in the back seat of the 4-Runner, getting things organized on the computer. Jay was still up front, talking to Darryl on the phone, letting him know everything was under control. It was all going according to plan as far as they could tell. 
“Darryl says backup may be a little late. There were a couple robberies tonight.” 
“Really?” Alex murmured, half paying attention. He had a memory card in his hand, flipping it around with his fingers. 
“Yeah, probably going to have a full moon.” Jay chuckled, peering out the windshield at the late evening sky. “He said there was a holdup over at the gas station on Bradford Street. Which is odd. That’s usually a quiet area. Darryl thinks it could be gang-related. What’s your New York perspective on that?” he waited for an answer, but Alex never heard the question.
While Jay was talking, he slid the memory card into Maddie’s laptop. A prompt screen came up asking Copy C: drive to F: drive? There were two options, to Continue or Abort. Continuing would mean that all Maddie’s files, everything on her personal computer, would copy to the memory card. Bitterly, he pressed the ‘Enter’ key, allowing the files to copy. It was killing him to deceive her. But he feared that Maddie could be in far worse trouble if he didn’t come up with something to hand over to Daniel. 
Once they were inside and he had Jay occupied, he’d transfer the files over to Daniel’s computer. Then it would be over. He would be free from all this insanity, free to tell Maddie everything, and ready to protect her from whatever danger he may have put her in. While watching the numbers on the progress bar increase, Alex thought back to how he had gotten into all this. 
It all started a few months earlier, Alex had just arrived home from a long day of tracking down a serial killer, a case he‘d been working on for weeks. It was late, he was exhausted and just wanted to go to bed. It was raining in Brooklyn; coincidently bad things always seemed to happen to him while it was raining. He hurried up the sidewalk and walked inside through the large glass doors of the hotel. He waved at the old security guard sitting in the foyer. 
“This is a fine time to be strolling in lad.” The old man looked up from his newspaper. “Streets been busy tonight?” 
“As always.” Alex smiled back at him. “Another hard night’s work eh, Hal?” he laughed as the old man picked his paper back up to read. 
“Someone’s gotta do it.” Hal chuckled. “Have a good night, son.” 
“You too.” He waved once more before heading to the elevator. 
Alex rested his head against the wall as the elevator chimed all the way up to the top floor. He’d been going on very little sleep while working on this last case. He couldn’t wait to finally collapse in his bed for some much-needed rest. After re-checking the locks on the door, he emptied his pockets and took a look around his penthouse apartment. Nothing had changed, aside from the obvious cleaning that the housekeeper had done that morning. He stared over at his oversized flat screen television and began to wonder why he even had it. He’d bought it over a year ago and could count on one hand how many times he had actually sat down to watch something on it. Tiredly, He rubbed his eyes and headed toward the bedroom. He was too tired to overanalyze things at the moment. 
He stopped at his bedroom door and glared back to the counter when his phone rang. Cursing and banging his head against the door, he first thought he’d let it go to voicemail and answer it later. But it was late; no one ever called him this late unless it was important. He raced back to answer the phone before the final ring. 
“You are one hard person to get a hold of.” 
Alex glanced back at the screen on his phone, he didn’t recognize the number, but the person’s voice was familiar. “Must not be too hard if you were able to find me.” He replied grimly. “What do you want Dan?” 
“I need you to do me a favor.” 
He laughed a little. “Don’t you have some other minions to do your dirty work for you these days?” 
“Yes but, that’s not the point.” He chuckled back, an evil twinge to his voice. “We need someone with your specific technique.” 
“In other words, it’s so dangerous that no one wants to attempt it? Right?” 
“It’s a complicated situation. Look, they wanted me to get in touch with you…they said if you do this they’ll back off. They’ll stop pursuing you. You’ll be free of them. For good.” 
Alex took a seat in his recliner and began listening more intently. “Must be serious.” He began to think about his options, he didn’t want to work for Renier and Vance again, but they were always following him. They never stopped trying to get him to rejoin the Phoenix Soldiers, ever since he left. If he did this, and if they stayed true to their word, he could eliminate a huge thorn from his side. “I’m listening.” 
“We need you to get some information on a woman named Madelyn Conley. Her Dad was Mike Conley, he was Vance and Reiner’s investor when they built the school. Once things got interesting, he backed out of the deal. Didn’t want any part of it.” 
“Smart man.” Alex interrupted. 
“Not exactly, Vance and Renier had him killed off after he threatened to bring them down.” 
“I agree that’s unfortunate, but still, he was smart to back out of it. If he‘s already dead, what’s the issue?”
“Conley was still considered a business partner thanks to all the contracts they signed. Once he realized that his days were numbered, he fixed things so that his daughter would inherit his share after his death.”
Alex smiled to himself at the thought of his former bosses losing money. “Well, that’s inconvenient inni’t? How much money are we talking about here?”
“Half a billion at least.” Daniel replied grimly. 
Alex had to hold back his laughter. He loved the fact that the two men who ruined his childhood were getting the payback they deserved. “So, what do they expect me to do? There’s contracts involved, it’s all legit. And I’m sure their money is long gone by now.” 
Daniel interrupted. “The money was marked… Not a dime of it has been spent.”
“Maybe she doesn’t have it after all?” 
“If she doesn’t I’m sure she has some knowledge of where it may be now. That’s what we need you to find out. Vance and Renier want that money back. I’ve already done the hard part for you and located her. She lives about an hour away from where I work in Nashville, she’s an officer for the local law enforcement there. Working on becoming a P.I. like her Dad.” He paused. “I thought she could use some of your technical expertise on her next case. It seems some money will mysteriously be taken from my company’s bank account. I’ll recommend that they bring you in to investigate.” 
“How convenient.” Alex murmured. “You get to steal money as I get you information on the whereabouts of even more money.” 
“You’ll get your share. Two million, plus your freedom.” He told him. “Just get me the information, use any persuasion you need to get it out of her.” 
“Wait.” Alex spoke up. “I’ll get you the information. I don’t need you to tell me how to do it. And I’m no longer in the business of harming others to make a living. I can do this without bloodshed, unlike you.” 
“No but you’ll definitely go along with this deceiving little scheme for a couple million won’t you?” 
“I’m going along with it to get them off my back.” he yelled back into the phone. “That’s all I care about. When you get me some sort of confirmation from Vance and Renier, I’ll be on the next plane out.” 
It was so strange how things had changed since then. At the time all he cared about was getting his freedom back. Since he had left the Phoenix Academy, His former ‘bosses’ Joss Vance and Edgar Renier had wanted him back. And they were intent on making his life miserable until he returned. 
“Alex?” 
His eyes shot up from the computer screen; the files had finished copying. He discretely removed the memory card while Jay’s head was still turned. 
“Uh…yeah. I’d say gangs were involved.” He replied, hoping that he had heard Jay’s question right. He then crawled up to the passenger seat after hiding the memory card safely in his pocket. 
“Everything’s ready to go.” He brought up the screen as they waited for Maddie to retrieve the password. 
Maddie was standing at the door, waiting for someone to answer. She’d already rang the doorbell a few minutes earlier and was about to ring it again when Daniel swung the door open. 
“Maddie…you’re early.” He quickly attempted to fix his tie. 
“I’m sorry, I’m early for everything… it’s a habit. Sorry if there’s a problem.” She smiled as he let her inside. 
“No, it’s not a problem at all.” He glanced back behind him, appearing to be a little concerned. “I just ---I had a phone call, actually it was a conference meeting…” 
“Oh. I’m sorry!” Maddie apologized again. “I know I should’ve waited a little longer.” 
“Just stay here.” He held his hands up as he walked backwards toward his office. “I’ll be back in five minutes, I promise.” 
“Fine by me.” Maddie whispered to herself as soon as he was out of earshot. She slipped the tiny metallic cylinder out of her purse and swiped it in front of the security system’s panel. It only took a few seconds for Alex and Jay to get the pin number. 
“And we’re good to go. Your job is finished.” Jay assured her. 
 ”Think I could slip out without him noticing?” She muttered. 
“That’d be fine, but we still need him gone so we can break in, doll.” Alex told her. “Eat quickly.” He laughed a little, hoping to calm her nerves while his were a complete wreck. It suddenly seemed like things were completely out of his control. That was never a good thing. 
Maddie took a moment to look around the front room of the mansion. It was quite extravagant, but she didn’t expect anything less from Daniel. The room was decorated in expensive art and sculptures all with a medieval feel to them. There were large shiny glass curio cabinets in every corner filled with ancient relics, fighting daggers and crystals. She walked closer to one of them, admiring all the contents.
Daniel hurried back less than five minutes later; Maddie was hoping he’d take longer. “Now that that’s over with. Shall I give you that tour I promised?” He smiled back at her. If she didn’t know any better, Maddie would think he was a complete gentleman, with his perfect manners and charismatic smile. She only nodded back, forcing a smile as she followed after him.
The floors were beautiful detailed marbled tile, there were large columns lining the walls of the hallway on the first floor. Maddie glanced into his office as they passed by; there was a small library across from it. The door at the end of the hall led outside to a patio garden with a fountain in the middle, lights shimmering around it. Maddie couldn’t help but wonder how someone so evil could live in such a peaceful place.
They went up a winding staircase to the second floor, filled with even more antiques and weapons from centuries ago. Daniel paused longer than needed when he stopped at his bedroom door. “That bed frame is centuries old. Once belonged to royalty. It’s been reconstructed of course, but it’s mostly the same material.” He flipped on the light so that she could see the bed better.
Maddie stayed back in the doorway and stared at the metallic frame, it looked to be made of pure gold. The headboard was a piece of art in itself, a thin metal filigree design, like golden vines of ivy.
“Wow.” Maddie cleared her throat when she noticed he wasn’t moving back into the hallway. “You’re into all this medieval stuff huh?” 
He walked over to stand behind her. “I guess I’m a little bit of a history nerd, you caught me.” He laughed. 
“No, it’s interesting, I was looking at some of the weapons you had downstairs. They’re amazing.” 
“You really like all that?” Maddie nodded. she didn‘t see much harm in enjoying herself a little. Regardless of his wrongdoings, Daniel did have a lot of impressive artifacts in his home. 
“I want to show you something before we go.” He replied happily before taking her hand as they practically ran down the hallway. Daniel took her back downstairs and around the corner to a section of the house, completely dedicated to weaponry. Maddie could feel a lump in her throat as the carefree attitude left her. She prayed he was just an avid collector as she stared at the wide array of fighting knives and swords. 
“A room full of really big knives.” She hinted, knowing the guys were still listening.. “Hmm… well, I sure wouldn’t want to get caught breaking in.” 
Daniel smiled back as he walked her over to a display case filled with Native American throwing stars. “These are my favorite.” 
There had to be at least a hundred of the sharp, gleaming stars in the case. “Do you know how to throw them?” 
Down the road in the car where the guys were at, listening in, Alex had to keep from wincing when he heard Maddie’s question. Yes, Daniel knew all too well how to throw them. He was as good with knives and daggers as Alex was with guns and arrows. 
“She needs to get away from all those sharp objects.” He muttered when he noticed Jay looking at him strangely. 
Back at the mansion, Daniel answered her question. “Yes, I’m actually pretty good at it.” He laughed. 
“I’ve always wanted to learn.” Maddie stared at them. “It’d be cool if we could use something like that on the job.” 
“Maddie!” Alex and Jay yelled at once. 
Maddie stood straight up, realizing she’d slipped. Her throat went dry as she tried to think of a quick cover up. “Allison and Rebekah.” She spat out. “They give me a hard time, sometimes I just wanna…” she made a cutting sound as her hand swept across her neck.
“I guess that’s enough of a tour for now, we don’t want to be late.” Daniel looked at his watch. Maddie then noticed that it was very similar to Alex’s. “I have to say…” he held out his arm for her to take it. “You look absolutely exquisite tonight my dear.” 
As soon as Daniel’s car passed the gas station where they were parked, Jay pulled out onto the highway and headed toward the mansion. 
“We don’t have much time.” Alex reminded him. “I’ll take the computer in his office, it’s pretty close since that’s the first thing he mentioned to Maddie. You look around, get pictures of anything you think may be helpful.” He sighed as they drove up the curvy driveway. 
“She’ll be okay, man.” Jay assured him. “Maddie‘s street smart.” 
“Really?” Alex replied with a laugh. 
“Well ‘round here it’s more like dirt road smart, but it’s basically the same.” he replied. “Look, I know you see her as this fragile little girl sometimes…” he paused as the engine cut off. “Or, maybe that’s how I see her. But you haven’t been around when she’s had to defend herself. She’s good at it.”
“I’m sure she is.” Alex smiled as they both stepped out of the vehicle. “But you can’t say anything that will make me feel better. Not until she’s back safe with me.” 
They eased up to the door and picked the lock, which wasn’t very difficult at all. In a matter of minutes, the door sprang open. Alex ran inside and located the security panel. He punched in the code before the alarm had time to sound. 
Jay found the light switch and flipped on the lights. “Good job double O seven.” Alex wasn’t paying much attention. His eyes were fixated on the curio cabinet Maddie had been looking at earlier. And the dagger that Daniel held to his throat just a few nights before.
“Hey Alex…” Jay called out; he’d already walked past him without Alex knowing. “Found the office. You coming or what?” 
“Yeah, sorry.” Alex replied hurrying in his direction. “I’ll work on the computer. Look around, see if you can find anything.” 
“Want me to look for something in particular?” Jay rummaged through a filing cabinet. 
“Whatever jumps out at ya mate.” Alex felt ill as he slipped the memory card into the tower. 
“I’m hoping nothing jumps out at me.” Jay replied wearily while continuing to dig. “Hey old plane ticket stubs. Hmm.” 
“What is it?” 
Jay placed the tickets on a nearby table and photographed them. “He goes to London a lot.” 
Alex drummed his fingers against the desk anxiously. It was taking a while for not only Maddie’s files to be transferred to the computer but also Daniel’s files to copy to the card. “Montgomery-Lewis is known all over.” He replied. “Have they arrived at the restaurant yet?” 
Jay scrolled through his phone until he got to the GPS locater. “Yeah, they’re already there. I think I’ll go look around.” He placed the tickets back in the drawer. “We don’t know how long we have, and this is a huge house.” 
“Don’t get lost.” Alex laughed a little, which made him think he was going a little delusional from all the worrying. At least he could still hear her, and she sounded all right. She actually seemed to be enjoying herself, or at least putting on a good enough act. Either way, it was revolting. 
At the restaurant, Maddie and Daniel had taken their seats. He had opened her car door, and the front door when they walked inside, he also had pulled out her chair when she took her seat. She half expected him to throw his coat over a puddle when they left. Daniel seemed completely safe to be around. She had to keep reminding herself that that’s exactly what he wanted her to think. 
Their waiter came by and handed them their menus. Maddie didn’t recognize anything, so she allowed Daniel to order for her. She hoped he at least ordered her something edible. The waiter then asked what they’d have to drink. 
“We’ll have a white wine, if that’s okay with you, Maddie?” 
“Oh. Actually, could you bring me a glass of water?” the waiter looked back at her a little confused, so did Daniel. She had to think quick, ordering water would be the best way for her to avoid getting poisoned. 
“I’m a---recovering alcoholic.” She whispered. 
The waiter looked back and forth between them. “We have other non-alcoholic beverages; would you prefer a sweetened tea or a citrus cooler?” 
“Water will be fine.” She told him again, hoping that he’d move along. 
“Maddie my dear, I had no idea.” Daniel reached across the table to lay his hand atop of hers “I should’ve asked before we ordered.” 
“Not a problem.” She smiled back at him. 
“Should I order tea instead? I don’t care too.” 
“Don’t be silly, drink whatever you want, it won’t bother me. I promise.” 
Daniel sat back up and removed his hand once the waiter brought their drinks, his bottle of wine and Maddie’s ice-cold water. He let them know their food would be out soon before he headed to his next table. 
“Have you given any more thought to my offer?” he asked while pouring a glass, As Maddie drank her water slowly. It tasted fine so far. 
“Honestly, I haven’t had much time to think about it, with everything that happened at work…” 
Daniel interrupted her, his face looking sincere. “I know. It’s such a tragedy; Henry played a very important role in our company. We will miss his dedication to the team.” He took a drink. “Can’t say much about his charismatic charm. Ah, I’m sure he was a good man in his own ways. Obviously he was deeply troubled. Could have been dealing with a bout of depression. Who knows?” he shrugged. Maddie nodded while taking another drink.
“I hope you consider it Maddie.” He continued. “It would be a wonderful opportunity for the both of us.” 
“I appreciate the offer Daniel, but don’t you think maybe someone else with more experience may be better for the job? I mean, I’ve only been an intern for a few weeks. To go from data entry to being the vice president’s secretary…” 
“There’s not that much of a difference. You answer a few more phone calls and run a couple more errands.” He leaned in a little closer. “And the benefits are substantial.” 
Maddie was relieved to see that their food had arrived; she wasn’t feeling as comfortable as earlier. The look in his eyes when he mentioned the benefits implied something else entirely. “Oh good, shrimp.” She said in relief as the waiter sat down her plate filled with seafood and rice. 
“Thank you for ordering me something normal.” She whispered once the waiter had left. 
Daniel smiled back at her, pouring another glass of wine. “Bon appétit.” 
Back at the mansion, Alex was glaring at the computer screen in front of him. The transferring of files hadn’t completed yet, it was taking far too long. Jay was still upstairs looking around, buying Alex some time. 
“This guy’s got some crazy shit in here.” Jay called out. “He’s got this massive bed …you should come up here and look.” 
“Not very interested in seeing his bedroom.” 
“Yeah, I’m sure he hears that a lot.” 
“We should stop.” Alex laughed when they heard a coughing noise on the other end of the ear bud. “Maddie is trying to eat.” 
Jay walked back downstairs. “Oh yeah, sorry ‘bout that Freebird.” He called back to Maddie. “Couldn’t find anything useful up here, just a bunch of old stuff that probably cost more than I make in a year.” He paused and stopped in front of the display room Maddie had been in earlier. “Dude is obsessed with knives.”
“Apparently so.” 
Jay slowly walked into the large open room filled with cutlery of all types. “You need to see this room Alex, this is insane! He has millions of knives and swords…” 
“I’ve already seen it.” Alex replied. “His files are finally copied… since you couldn’t find anything else, I’d say this is all we will get. We should probably be going.” He quickly removed the memory card. 
“What do you mean?” 
“What do you mean what do I mean?” Alex asked back confused as he walked out of Daniel’s office, closing the door behind him. 
“You said you’ve already seen this room.” Jay was looking over the throwing stars display case. “You haven’t been in here yet. What did you mean?” he turned when Alex entered the room. 
“I was---talking about the stuff he had out front. Wow…” he looked around, pretending to be amazed. As if he’d never seen Daniel’s collection before. “Yeah, he’s definitely psycho… we should leave.” 
“Wait hold on, I wanted to show you these over here.” Jay walked over to two large decorated swords hanging on the wall. The handles were beautifully carved and painted to resemble a matching pair of birds. A pair of Phoenix birds to be exact. Alex had seen those swords all throughout his childhood. They used to hang over the doorway of the school he attended, if school was even the proper word for it.
When he was five, two men, Joss Vance and Edgar Renier, offered to enroll Alex and a few other boys at the orphanage in a private military school. It overjoyed the caregivers that the children would have such a privileged education. But their intentions were anything but that. Vance and Renier didn’t begin the Phoenix Academy to train the young boys to become respectable soldiers. They were training them all to be merciless assassins. 
“Look at that.” Jay touched a handle. “Isn’t that a--- “
“A Phoenix.” Alex answered him, fear overtaking him as the seconds ticked by. Jay wasn’t ignorant; it didn’t take much common sense to put the pieces together. Alex didn’t want to have this conversation now. 
“Hm.” Jay pulled his hand away but continued to stare. There was no doubt that he’d already made the connection, but he didn’t quite understand it all yet. 
“I think they’re about to finish up.” Alex interrupted his thoughts as he heard Maddie refuse Daniel’s request for dessert. “We need to go too while we still can.” 
Jay blinked and turned away from the swords, stopping to take one last look at the new mystery. Something wasn’t adding up. Why didn’t Alex seem more concerned about their new discovery? He turned to leave the room and heard a strange thump over the ear bud. 
“Alex?” he looked around, walking toward the lighted hallway. He was nowhere to be found. 
Jay pulled out his gun and stayed close to the wall. He called out again but there wasn’t any answer. All he could hear was Maddie and Daniel’s conversation at the restaurant. Maddie had heard the strange noise too and was obviously concerned. Jay noticed her voice start to waver a little as she talked. 
“I’m still here Freebird.” Jay whispered, trying to keep her calm. “I’ll take care of it. Just stay cool.” 
He turned the corner, aiming the gun in all directions. There was no one around. “Hey Alex! Come on buddy, no time for hide and seek…” he yelled. Cautiously Jay eased alongside the wall as he headed down the hallway back toward Daniel’s office.
Back at the restaurant, Maddie was getting frantic. Why hadn’t Jay found him yet? What had happened to him? If she sat there any longer, she would lose her mind for sure. Since they were about to leave, she figured it would be safe to leave Daniel alone with her food now. She needed a moment alone to talk to Jay. 
“I think I’ll go to the restroom for a minute while you get the check.” She was eager to get away before he could sense something was wrong. 
“All right, I’ll meet you in the front entrance.” Daniel motioned for the waiter. Maddie headed toward the restrooms and waited until she was far enough away before saying anything to Jay. 
“Jay…” she whispered turning the corner. “What’s going on? Where’s Alex?” 
Jay was at the patio door, peering outside. The backyard appeared to be clear, what he could see through the bitter nightshade vines climbing the window. “I don’t know, he was with me a few minutes ago, I turned my head and he was gone.” 
Maddie went into the restroom and stood at the sink. She had to balance herself by holding on to the basin. That’s when she felt a little light-headed. “Is there anyone around? Have you heard anything?” 
“No! It’s like he vanished into thin air.” Jay replied dumbfounded.
“I hate not being there. I feel so helpless.” Maddie grasped onto the sink. She stared at her reflection in the mirror, but her eyesight was getting hazy. She blinked a few times, but that didn’t help. Fumbling with the knobs on the faucet, she turned on the cold water and dampened a paper towel to hold against her face.
“You don’t need to be here.” Jay answered her. “I’m glad you’re not here… at least…” he paused. 
“Jay?” 
There was silence, but she could still hear him breathing. “Jay!” she called out again. There was another loud thudding noise and then nothing. Whoever had knocked them out knew about the ear buds and removed them before dragging them away. 
Maddie trembled all over; there was complete silence in her ear. “Jay!” she yelled out again, her voice echoing throughout the room. Tears streamed down her face as she tried to control herself. Daniel couldn’t know she knew what had happened. She looked around and realized that she had left her phone in her purse at the table, with Daniel. Muttering angrily with herself for being so careless, she jerked a few more paper towels from the dispenser to dry her eyes.
The door opened and a couple more ladies came into the restroom. Maddie lowered her eyes and waited until they were behind the stall doors before she left. Her vision was still a little blurred, and she noticed that she could barely grip the doorknob when she left the restroom. 
She felt sick when she realized something was terribly wrong. At first she thought her blood pressure was out of control because she was so stressed out… but no. Now she knew what was going on. Daniel had somehow poisoned her. He slipped something in her food when she wasn’t looking. Or perhaps he paid off the waiter or cook to do it beforehand. Their flawless plan was turning into one huge catastrophe.
“Is everything alright?” Daniel asked as she made it to the front door of the restaurant. His face was full of mock concern as he held out his hand to her. 
Maddie was enraged, how could she have been so naïve earlier? Or to even go along with this in the first place? Alex was right… she should have listened to him. Maybe now that the two most important people in her life were going through God knows what…. now she’d listen. 
“I’m fine.” She muttered, trying her best to not sound as furious as she was. She bitterly took his hand as he led her outside. Of course, he had to lead her, she couldn’t see a thing by the time they got outside, and he was fully aware of that. Daniel opened the door and helped her into his car. By the time Maddie’s head hit the headrest, she was out cold, just as he had planned.
Daniel smiled to himself as he shut the door. He whistled like a madman while walking around to the driver’s side, throwing his keys in the air joyously before opening his door. 
“You won’t be needing this…” he pressed her head against the window as he pulled the ear bud out of her ear. He stared at the device for a moment and started up his car. Once he pulled out onto the street, he tossed it out the window. 
“Sweet Maddie.” He pulled her chin around to look at her comatose face. Maddie’s head bobbed back against the window once he let go. 
“You tried so hard to be the best you could be, oh wait that’s the army, sorry to bring up that loser old boyfriend…” he remarked. “I was going to be easy on you, really I was. I was going to allow you to call for help, but you left your phone with me and everything, silly girl.” He shook his head, still laughing as the car speeded up. The speedometer needle climbed up toward ninety.
“I originally wasn’t going to disable the GPS, I thought I’d let Alex try to find us once they let him go… if they let him go.” He muttered while swerving around a car. “Maybe we could have a nice game of cat and mouse. But since you made it so easy for me…” he exhaled dramatically, staring over at her with an evil glint in his eyes.
His hand moved from the gearshift over to her knee as he inched the fabric up with his fingers. “You’re so beautiful. I bet you don’t know if you park in a certain spot right across from your apartment, the streetlight shines at a perfect angle, and you can see right inside your bedroom window. You stay up late a lot, why can’t you sleep my dear? Do you miss that Neanderthal fiancé of yours?” his voice coaxed into what could have been mistaken for a loving tone. That is if you could look past the madness in his eyes.
“The one that ran off to war instead of staying with you?” Daniel swerved around another car, barely decreasing his speed. “I would have never left you like that Maddie. He left because he didn’t love you. I’m here with you now, I’ve always been here, even when you didn’t know I was around, because I love you.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted something; angrily he stared down at Maddie’s leg and saw the pistol that Alex had given her. 
“So…” he reaches over and jerked the gun off of her. He held the gun in front of him, examining it, not paying much attention to the road or oncoming traffic. “You didn’t trust me enough to be alone with me?” He asked, furious eyes turned toward Maddie, who was still unconscious. Daniel thrust the gun’s handle to her forehead as he yelled. “How could you betray me like this?” he hit her again, this time even harder. A car sped by them, blaring their horn at his maniac driving. The loud noise seemed to trigger Daniel’s solemn mood to come back. He looked over and saw the evidence of his rage, a trail of blood streaming down Maddie’s face from the impact of the gun.
“No… you didn’t do this. This wasn’t your fault.” His hand brushed over her hair, pulling strands out of the clips and leaving it a mess. “It was Alex.” Daniel’s hand gripped the wheel in anger as he spoke. “He’s been spreading lies about me, he’s trying to keep us apart.” 
They turned up the long driveway to the mansion. He parked and shut off the engine as they sat there in the darkness. Daniel’s fury toward Alex was building by the minute as his psychotic thoughts took over his mind. He stared over at his sleeping prisoner as a disgusted look crept up on his face. “He’s already gotten to you, hasn’t he?” he pulled her body over, so he was right in her ear as he talked.
“He’s beguiled you into falling in love with him. I’ve seen how you look at him, it makes me sick!” he slammed her head against the window and grabbed a handful of hair, yanking her head back toward him. 
“Perhaps I should let you in on a little secret my dear Madelyn.” He whispered, his free hand caressing her neck. 
“You see, I know something about your Alex that he doesn’t even know himself.” He laughed at the irony and leaned in even closer, his lips brushing against her ear as he spoke. “He killed your father.”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Eleven
 
 
Alex’s eyes opened to absolute darkness. He blinked several times and still couldn’t see a thing. Slowly he sat up, his hands pressing against the cool dirt underneath him. He could tell by the musty smell in the air he was inside an old shed or barn somewhere. All the light from outside the structure was completely shut out. Thankfully, he wasn’t bound by ropes or chains although his body was so sore he may as well have been. His head was pounding from the impact that left him unconscious earlier.
“Jay?” he choked out, hoping he was nearby. He stood up on unsteady legs and tried to make out shapes or movements in the obscurity. “Jay!” he called out again a little louder. Alex could hear a rustling sound to the left of him, followed by some murmuring. “Keep making noise, I’ll find you.” He called out as Jay coughed from the dust and dirt in the air.
“I can’t see a damn thing!” Jay yelled out groggily while he sat up. 
“You’re not the only one.” Alex muttered, making his way over to him. 
“Where are we?” he asked as Alex helped him stand. “How long have we been here?” Jay began frantically patting his empty pockets. “Shit!” 
“Yeah, they’ve taken everything.” Alex sighed as he led Jay over to the wall and banged his fist against it. “Our guns, our phones…” he walked alongside the wall, trying to find a window or weak slat of wood he could push free. 
Jay pressed against his ear. “The earbuds, do you still have yours?” 
“No.” 
“What about Maddie? We don’t even know how long we’ve been here! What if he’s already…?” 
Alex’s enraged yelling interrupted Jay. He slammed himself into the wall, but his efforts didn’t do him any good. The building was old, but well-constructed. He slumped down onto the ground, leaning against the wall. Taking a few deep breaths to calm down so he could think. “There has to be a way out of here.” He stood back up and walked along the wall again, feeling for a crack or door hinge. “You take the left side.” He told Jay.
“Maybe the way out isn’t along the wall?” Jay asked looking up. 
A zipping noise echoed in the air, Alex’s head jerked around to the direction of the sound, although he still couldn’t see anything. A few seconds later they heard the same noise again, then again and again. 
Jay squinted his eyes. “What the…?” 
Then there were footsteps, loud thuds of several feet stomping all at once. 
“Get down Jay!” 
Alex fell to the floor as blades flew through the air and stuck into wooden walls. Jay’s eyes widened from where he was lying on the floor, he crawled over to where he last heard Alex’s voice. 
“What the hell is this place?” they both stood as they heard footsteps again; the group was encircling the two of them. 
“Shut up!” one man yelled out. 
“Show yourself asshole and I might consider it.” Jay replied. 
“Jay…” Alex muttered a warning under his breath. It was too late. He cringed as Jay took a blow to the stomach. 
“You’re lucky to still be alive so I‘d shut the fuck up if I were you.” The obvious leader of the group pulled Jay back up to his feet. He was holding him by the collar of his shirt. “We’re holding you here until the job is finished.”
“What job?” Jay leaned into him the best he could. His forehead tapped against the rim of a pair of goggles. “Night vision goggles.” Jay thought to himself as a smile crept up on his face. That’s how they had their advantage. 
The guy released his grip and took a few steps back. “Our boss was afraid you two would try to interrupt his evening, so he had us to intervene.” 
“Your boss?” Jay chuckled. Alex was getting worried at his friend’s cockiness. He knew what type of people they were dealing with. “You can tell your boss I hope he enjoyed his evening.” He moved closer to the group as he talked. “Because it’ll be the last nice evening that bastard will have for a very long time.”
“Jay… stop.” Alex warned. 
“Of course, depending on his taste….” Jay ignored the warning and continued. “He may enjoy his evenings in prison as well, I hear they like his type in there. Hell, once they throw all of you in there it’ll be one big gang bang party.“ 
The leader lunged toward him as he yelled out his last comment. Jay’s hands went directly for the guy’s face, pulling off the goggles. He slipped them on his head and smiled in satisfaction as he turned around, finally able to see Alex. 
“You look like shit.” 
Alex stared back in the darkness. “What the hell are you doing?” he asked right before another guy punched Jay in the back of the head, two others grabbed Alex and attacked him. 
“Hey!” Jay ran over and grabbed one of the men fighting Alex. He pulled off the man’s goggles before throwing him against the wall, just missing one of the throwing stars wedged into the wood. He then kicked the other attacker in the ribcage sending him to the floor. He helped Alex to his feet and quickly handed him the goggles. 
“Now that it’s fair, let’s kick some ass.” Six other men were making their way toward them. The leader of the group had stolen goggles from one guy Jay had fought off. He walked out in front of the group and held up his hand, commanding them to stop. 
“Another time.” He commanded. At once they all turned and walked back to the zip cords they used to enter the room. Jay and Alex gave each other a knowing glance; they weren’t letting them go this easily. 
Alex pulled one of the throwing stars from the wall and sent it sailing across the room. It hit right on target, slicing one of the minion’s throats. The leader spun around, charging back toward them. 
“I said another time!” He yelled. 
“And I don’t take orders from you!” Alex yelled back. “What’s the matter? You had to take away my sight to fight me? Six to two and you’re running away?” he walked over to get in the guy’s face, whispering too low for Jay to hear. 
“Aren’t they teaching you any better than that these days?” he scoffed. 
“This is not my fight.” he replied loud enough for Jay to hear. 
“So, throwing a bunch of sharp objects at us while we can’t defend ourselves is your twisted way of entertaining company?” Jay asked confused. 
The guy didn’t answer him; he only glared over at Jay in annoyance. “We were only supposed to detain you until…” 
Alex grabbed the guy around the neck. “Until what?” he growled. “What is he doing to her?” The other six ran over once they saw that their leader was in trouble. 
They pulled Alex off of him. Jay immediately fought back, able to free Alex from their grasp. They worked together, trying to gang up on one person while fighting two or three others off. Alex made his way to the wall where more throwing stars were stuck. He threw them out, hitting one man in the side, sending him to the ground, and another was hit in the back of the leg. 
He was about to retrieve more when one of the four men left ran over, a large dagger in his hand. Jay was heading his way, but he was too late. The man stabbed Alex’s thigh causing him to fall to the ground in pain. 
Trying not to focus on how badly it would hurt, he pulled the blade back out. Rage consumed him completely, he no longer wanted to ignore what they trained him to do. 
“Jay!” he yelled, sliding the dagger across the floor to his feet. Jay looked at it strangely before picking it up, wondering why Alex didn’t keep it for himself. But he wasn’t in the position to argue with him. He grabbed the knife and used it to defend himself against the person he was trying to fight off. 
Alex jumped up and fell on top of his attacker’s back, pinning him to the ground, one hand pulled the man’s head back while the other grasped onto the front of his neck. Alex’s fingernails dug into his skin as the man screamed in pain. 
Jay was knocked to the ground after stabbing the man he was fighting, he jumped up and tried going for the neck or another place that would cause more damage but was pushed to the ground again. When they heard the screams coming from Alex’s victim, both Jay and his attacker froze and stared over at them in horror.
The night vision goggles made everything look almost radioactive, a glowing green haze surrounding every object they saw. It only made the image that Jay was looking at that much eerier. Alex slowly rose up from where he had pinned down the man; his forearms were a darker shade, the blood looked like dark green paint through the lenses. There was a pool of blood, starting at the victim’s neck. Or what was left of it after Alex had ripped it apart.
The man fighting with Jay ran off during the distraction. Jay quickly snapped out of his daze and grabbed him, slicing his throat while he still had the chance. Their courageous leader had fled, probably once Alex started his mutilating attack. There was only one enemy left in the room; Jay took off after him, running as fast as he could. The guy was terrified; he knew he didn’t stand a chance.
“Don’t kill him!” Alex yelled, catching up to them. Jay had the guy cornered, ready to attack. He looked back at Alex confused for a moment. “He’s going to tell us what we need to know.” 
The three of them walked over to the zip cords; Jay went up first, then their hostage who was held by Jay at the top until Alex reached them. 
“Where’s the light in this place?” Alex asked him, holding a knife to his back while the man walked over to the switch on the wall. They finally could get rid of the goggles. 
“Holy Shit.” Jay exclaimed as he stared at Alex and the blood covering him. He wasn‘t quite sure how to take him anymore. 
“Where are our guns?” Alex asked the guy, ignoring Jay’s glaring for the moment. 
“They’re over there. Everything’s over there.” He pointed at a desk over to the side. Jay suddenly turned and looked at the guy for the first time since he’d removed his gear, He couldn’t believe his eyes, he was just a kid!
“Here.” Alex handed Jay his gun and phone. “Don’t know if that still works or not.” He looked around and found some cloth to tie around his leg to help stop the bleeding. “You got a key for that?” he asked the young man, motioning over to a large-sized van sitting next to them. 
“Yeah.” The guy nodded nervously. 
“Where are we at, anyway?” Jay asked him. 
“The land belongs to Lewis.” His voice shook when he spoke as he eyed Alex. “You’re about fifteen minutes away from his house.” 
“Get the keys.” Alex instructed, pulling the handmade bandage into a tight knot. “You’re taking us back there.” 
“I’d rather you both leave without me.” 
Alex jumped up, the knife aimed at the boy’s throat as he walked toward him. “You have no reason to fear what Lewis will do to you if you help us. I think you know who the bigger threat is.” 
“Alex!” Jay yelled out to stop him when he could see the rage in his eyes. Alex jerked his head up, calming down a little as he lowered the knife. 
The young man sighed in relief. “I’ll go get the keys.” 
They got into the van, their prisoner driving them back to the mansion. Jay took the passenger seat while Alex stayed in the back, loading up the guns he brought along with them. 
Jay stared at the boy next to him, his mind full of questions. “How old are you, anyway?” 
He glanced over at him before answering a few moments later. “Sixteen.” 
“What the hell are you doing getting involved in all this? You‘re just a kid!” 
“It’s not like I had a choice.” He scoffed. 
“What’s your name?” 
The boy glanced back at Alex in the rearview mirror before answering. “Elliot.” 
“I’m Officer Carpenter, you can call me Jay though.” 
Elliot gave a nervous laugh. “Nice to meet you.” 
“You’re doing a good thing, helping us out. It’ll make things easier for you in the long run.” 
“Not so sure about that.” Elliot replied, eyeing Alex’s refection in the mirror again. This time he shot him a look back. 
“Trust me, kid.” Jay continued, “I’m living proof you can change your path. For every wrong you’ve done, starting now you can make it right.” 
Alex loaded a gun loudly behind them. “Not always the case.” Jay ignored his friend’s negativity; obviously Alex wasn’t himself at the moment. He pulled out his phone, glad to see it was still working as he scrolled through his contact list.
“I wouldn’t be calling for backup if I were you.” Elliot warned him. 
“Trust me kid, I know what I’m doing.” 
Jay felt Alex’s hand abruptly touch his shoulder right before he was about to hit ‘Talk”. “And so does he. If Daniel even thinks we’re bringing in more cops, Maddie’s life will be over.” 
“You sure about this?” Jay stared back at him 
“I wouldn’t have said anything if I wasn’t.” Alex answered coldly. 
  
Maddie’s eyelids felt as if they had been glued shut when she finally opened them. She stared up at the high towering ceiling above, a fancy designer glass globe shading the light fixture. 
She turned her head to the side and winced at the pain she felt. Cool satin from the burgundy pillowcase brushed against the side of her face. Frowning, she sat up on the oversized bed in the middle of a dimly lit room. Everything was unfamiliar to her. 
Maddie looked down at her bare shoulder, her dress was ripped and something broke one of the straps. Her hand went up to her forehead, and she gasped when she felt the dried blood. She stood up from the bed onto the lush carpet. Her legs were weak, and her stomach was reeling from the poison still in her system. The last thing she remembered was taking Daniel’s hand, walking out of the restaurant into the darkness. Everything went black after that.
Maddie slowly turned around, horrified as she saw the golden headboard. Daniel’s bedroom looked more familiar to her now. She turned to head for the door, not knowing where he was at or how much time she had to escape. Her hand touched her leg, feeling for the pistol that was no longer there. She jumped back as the door creaked open. 
“Ah, you’re awake.” Daniel entered the room; she could see the psychotic look in his eyes. “Looking for this?” he held up the gun. Maddie kept backing away as he got closer. “Were you planning on killing me, my love?” 
“No… Daniel I…” she shook her head in fear as he backed her up against the foot of the bed. Furiously, he smacked her face. 
“Don’t lie to me!” he screamed, pulling her into his arms. Maddie swallowed hard as she tried to control the tears forming in her eyes. “I did nothing to you.” He continued. “Only love you, is that so wrong?” 
She stared back at him, utterly confused, completely unaware of his obsession with her. “What are you talking about?” she asked in a low whisper. “Daniel I hardly know you!” 
“I’ve known you for quite some time.” He grabbed her face in his hand, squeezing it. His other hand pulled her closer to his body. Maddie pushed against him, trying to get free. “Only you didn’t know I was around.” 
She stopped struggling and stared into his ice-blue eyes. Faint memories of what she thought were only figments of her imagination came back to her. 
She could remember years ago going to a resort with Ethan, one of the few vacations they had gone on. She told him she felt like someone was following them, she could hear footsteps on the balcony at night. Ethan would laugh at her and shake his head, he’d tell her she was overreacting as usual.
She remembered being at the graveyard the day after the funeral. There was no one around. The sky was overcast with dark gray clouds as she knelt in front of the freshly piled dirt. She heard someone behind her and turned to see a dark figure in the distance. Before she had time to rise to her feet, they were gone. There had been plenty of moments since then where she felt she was being watched. But she never paid much mind to it. She felt she was being paranoid or maybe hallucinating from all the stress she had been through. But now she knew the truth, she’d been right all along.
“You’ve been stalking me?” she muttered angrily, her voice strained as he tightened his grip on her. 
Daniel’s eyes narrowed on her. “I hate when it’s called that, it sounds so wrong.” 
“That’s because it is wrong!” she pushed away from him for a moment, but he was too strong for her. He grabbed her and forced her down onto the bed, hovering over her. 
“Why are you trying to fight against me? I wouldn’t hurt you Maddie, darling. Not like you were trying to hurt me.” 
He held her down so she couldn’t escape. Maddie felt like she was suffocating, drowning with no one around to save her. “Whatever made you deceive me like that?” 
“Are you fucking insane?” she spat out at him. “I’m a cop Daniel, I’m sure you already knew that you sick, psychotic freak! I wasn’t hurting you, I was trying to convict you for stealing from your own damn company!” 
“You caught me.’ He held his hands up with a smile. “Only you failed to see this was all a ploy to get to you. Stop trying to resist me Maddie, you’re not getting away from me this time!” 
“Why?” she gave up, crying out in defeat, tears streaming down her face as she dreaded his next move. She was running out of strength and options at that point. A sickening feeling overcame her as his hands slid under the silky fabric. “Why are you doing this?” 
“Because I’m infatuated with you.” He spoke in a calm tone as if that would make her feel better about the situation. 
”No!” she screamed out, struggling against him, pushing and punching at his chest. She regained a small amount of strength and she wasn‘t going to allow him to touch her. 
“Although it didn’t start out that way.” He continued. “I was assigned to find you, to find out what you did with the money.” 
“What money?” she shrieked, still fighting against him. 
“The money your father left you before he died.” He thrust his hands around her arms, pinning them to the bed before leaning down to kiss her. She wrestled to break free, turning her head away, but that only caused him to kiss her elsewhere. She tried to make sense of what he had said, what money was he talking about? Her Dad only left her a couple thousand in a savings account that she acquired once she turned eighteen, along with what was left over from his life insurance policy, it only added up to be a little over five thousand and that money was long gone. Nothing was making sense. 
Her breathing settled a little as he continued to kiss around her neckline. She was going about this all wrong, the best way to deal with a psychopath was to go along with them, just enough to make them weak. She relaxed her muscles and stopped fighting against him; Daniel could feel the tension leaving her body. He smiled up at her in contentment. 
As soon as he released his grip, Maddie slid up in the bed, giving him her best fake smile. She pulled her torn dress up, holding it close to her. “I’m sorry for fighting with you Daniel.” 
“You don’t have to apologize.” He took her hand and kissed the back. Maddie fought off the urge to throw up. 
“The money you’re talking about.” She interrupted him, pulling her hand away. “I’m afraid I’m a little confused…” 
“You don’t have to hide it from me, I’ll split it with you!” he had that crazed glare in his eyes as he moved closer to her. “We can run away together.” 
“I’m not hiding anything, I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about.” she moved back against the headboard, trying not to get too frantic again. 
“Are you trying to tell me that you know nothing about the half billion dollars in your name?” 
Maddie’s eyes almost popped out of her head. “Half a billion dollars.” She repeated back slowly. “I think there’s been a huge misunderstanding.” She jumped up from the bed while she still had a chance. Daniel quickly followed behind her, grabbing her arm and pulling her around to face him.
“Your Dad was Mike Conley, correct?” he shook her body as he spoke. Maddie nodded and started to speak. “He was working as a private investigator when he was murdered, Am I right?” 
“Yes.” She answered him quietly. 
“What?” 
“Yes!” she yelled back at him. “What does that have to do with anything?” 
“Your father, he left his share of the money to you. My bosses, they have the proof.” he explained as she continued to stare at him in confusion. “Mike Conley helped fund a school for assassins.”
Maddie was enraged at such an insulting claim against her Dad. She jerked her arm free and in an instant, punched Daniel across the face. Daniel yelled out in pain, grabbing his nose as he back away from her, screaming out obscenities. 
“Don’t ever speak that way about my father again!” her voice was trembling, but she was prepared to fight. “I don’t know where you got your information, but it is wrong!” 
“No, you’ve been told wrong.” Daniel wiped his arm against his bloodied nose. “Your father was a crook.” 
“No!” 
“He was a filthy backstabbing liar that couldn’t be trusted by anyone. He lied to his fellow cops and then lied to his business partners after they agreed to give him a third of the profits. You’re just as underhanded as he was…” he grabbed a dagger lying on a table nearby and backed Maddie into the corner, holding the blade to her throat. 
“Now my dear…” The tip of the knife pierced against her skin as he asked once more. “Where is the money?” 
Elliot turned off the headlights on the van as they pulled up the driveway to the mansion. They all piled out at once, Alex grabbed a few more items from the back before they went inside. Jay stared at the tools in Alex’s hands after taking a couple of machine guns from him. “What is that?” he asked, a little wary.
“Power handle.” Alex slammed the door shut, holding onto the long solid metal tool, normally used to pry off bolts that were twisted on too tight. 
“I know what it is, I just don’t know what you’re going to do with it.” His voice trailed off. “Not sure if I want to know.” 
Alex stared at him before turning to Elliot. “You can stay out here if you like.” His voice was calmer than it had been earlier; perhaps he was feeling some remorse for being so hard on him. He had been in his shoes before after all. “We can handle it from here.”
“If you don’t mind, I’d like to help you out.” Elliot replied. 
“Are we going to need your help?” Alex asked, wondering if Daniel had any more of his followers waiting for them inside, Elliot would know if he did. The look on the boy’s face confirmed it. Jay handed off a gun to him as they headed to the front door. 
“For the last time… listen to me.” Maddie’s breathing became ragged as Daniel refused to move the knife from her throat. “I don’t know anything about the money. If you love me like you say you do, you’ll not hurt me!” she shouted as loud as she could. Hoping to win him over for at least a few minutes. 
“I don’t want to harm you in any way, but I’m bound to this mission.” His eyes were pleading with her. “I need this information, love.” 
She raised a hand up carefully when she saw that he was slipping. “And I’ll gladly tell you anything you need to know…” Keeping her eyes intact with his, she held his gaze as long as she could as her fingers slipped around the handle. Immediately she jerked the knife from his grasp. 
“Listen to me Daniel.” She kept her voice calm, pointing the knife in his direction as he backed away. “I am being completely honest with you… my father did not leave me that money, I have no knowledge of where it is.” 
“You lie!” he sneered. Maddie’s hands were shaking as she tried to stay in control. “You’re keeping this from me, why?” he yelled loudly, making her jump back. “I was going to protect you.” His voice turned soft again. “I wasn’t going to give it to them…”
“Who?” Maddie demanded. “Who put you up to this?” 
A loud noise came from downstairs, startling them both. A few seconds later, gunshots fired. Daniel glared back at her. “Sounds like your hero has come back to save you.” The evil gleam returned to his eyes. 
“Alex!” Maddie screamed. Daniel leapt forward, knocking the knife from her hands and forcing her back to the bed, determined to follow through with his plans. 
Alex and Jay stopped in their tracks, their heads both turning toward the screams from upstairs. Elliot ran over to them, firing shots to their attackers. 
“Go!” Jay yelled to Alex, as he and Elliot ran ahead toward a group of Daniel’s men, they were painfully outnumbered, but Maddie’s safety was the most important thing at the moment. 
Daniel wasn’t wasting any time now that he knew they weren’t alone. Maddie did everything she could to force him off of her, she clawed at his face and was kicking and screaming the entire time. She didn’t even hear the door burst open over her screams, or the impact of steel crashing against Daniel’s head. But she definitely felt him falling down on top of her.
Alex pulled Daniel off of her and threw him to the floor, holding the power handle over him, he glanced over at Maddie, his eyes softened as he saw her lying there. “Are you okay?” 
She couldn’t answer, she stared at him still covered in blood. There was a madness in his eyes she had never seen before. Maddie only nodded as she sat up on the bed. She crawled to the other side when she saw Daniel rising to his feet, neither of them noticing him grabbing the dagger she had earlier. 
“I warned you.” Alex glared at him with, fury returning to his eyes. Daniel grinned back as he eased closer to him. 
“It was worth it.” He shoved the knife into Alex’s side. Alex fell to the floor in agonizing pain as Maddie screamed out and ran over to them. 
She got behind Daniel, trying to pull him away. She grabbed the power handle once it fell from Alex’s hands and struck Daniel across the back with it. He fell to his knees across from Alex, who was turning pale from all the blood loss. 
“Maddie… get out of here!” Alex gasped, clutching the knife’s handle. 
“I’m not leaving you…” 
“Now!” he commanded her. Daniel lurched forward, using all the strength he had to grab Maddie’s ankle, making her tumble to the floor. 
She fell hard against her arm, bending it unnaturally. She leaned up on her other arm, ignoring the pain she looked back in Alex’s direction. Gunshots fired again downstairs. Alex’s weak eyes met her worried glare. 
“Jay needs you, go!” he pleaded. She rose to her feet and stopped at the door, taking one last look before leaving them alone, praying she was doing the right thing. 
Inhaling deeply, Alex pulled the blade out, letting it fall to the floor. He looked up at Daniel who was barely standing. 
“If you’re going to kill me go ahead.” Alex told him, clutching his side. He didn’t know how many more times he could handle being stabbed. 
“I’m not going to kill you Al…” Daniel limped toward the bed for support. He chuckled to himself with his back turned away from Alex. “I’m going to go get my little slut of a date and drag her back up here so you can watch…” 
Alex felt another adrenaline rush course through his veins; he rose and fell in Daniel’s direction, plunging the knife in his leg. 
Maddie walked down the empty hallway and stopped at the top of the stairs, she could hear gunshots firing again as she took a cautious step back. 
Suddenly three men were crowding at the foot of the stairway, making their way up to her. She had no weapons, no way to escape, she backed away slowly, not sure if it would be less painful to stay and fight or run and be cornered. 
Another guy came up behind him, Maddie started to turn and run, not sure where exactly to run to. She was shocked to see that the fourth gunman wasn’t after her; he shot the three men charging toward her, killing them instantly. 
“You Maddie?” he asked, holding out an extra gun for her. 
“Yes.” Maddie replied confused as she walked carefully down the stairs, stepping around the fallen enemies. 
“I’m Elliot.” He smiled. “Don’t worry, I’m on your side.” Maddie’s confused expression turned to relief. 
“Where’s Jay?” she asked, following him toward the loud rumbling noise of battle to the left of them 
“In here, last I saw anyway.” Elliot yelled back, gun aimed and ready to fire. 
They stood on either side of the doorway to the large weaponry room. The extravagant view from earlier was gone, now the room full of ancient relics was completely destroyed. 
The large wooden cabinets had fallen to the floor and the glass displays were shattered. There were only a few more culprits left, all dressed in black from head to toe, with bulletproof gear on. Maddie couldn’t see Jay anywhere in the room, perhaps he was hiding out somewhere safe, she hoped. 
“Aim for the neck.” Elliot twisted on a silencer to the end of his gun; Maddie’s already had one installed. “Or the back of the leg, that’s where they have the least amount of protection.” They both aimed their guns, unnoticed by the enemies standing guard inside the room. 
Elliot made the first shot, right on target, killing one guard instantly with a shot to the neck. Maddie’s aim was off terribly, unfortunately the arm she injured had been her right arm, and she had difficulty shooting accurately with only her left. They both ran into the room, firing shots. There were only three men left, thankfully Maddie was able to at least injure two while Elliot killed the other one. They both spun around when they could hear a loud noise coming from the front room.
Alex and Daniel had been fighting in the hallway and tumbled down the staircase, still trying to attack one another. Maddie ran into the room, pleading for them to stop. 
“Daniel stop! Alex! Both of you, this is crazy!” She screamed running over to help, but Alex only pushed her away yelling for her to stay back. Daniel finally got the advantage, hovering over Alex with his dagger in hand. 
“Daniel!” Maddie screamed out. Maybe she could reason with him, maybe if she gave him what he wanted he’d stop. Crazy solutions raced through her mind in a matter of seconds as she watched the shiny blade lay against Alex’s throat. Footsteps came up behind her and Daniel chuckled as he looked up to see a gun pointed in his direction. 
“Are you stealing my protégés now?” he yelled. “Elliot, what are you doing? You’re supposed to protect me, remember?” 
“I’m no longer under your command.” Elliot’s voice trembled as he spoke, but he stood his ground. 
“You know what will happen if you kill me.” Daniel was losing his nerve, and it showed. “You don’t kill one of your own and get by with it.” 
“I’ll take my chances.” Elliot replied. Without hesitation, he pulled the trigger, sending a bullet through Daniel’s chest. 
Maddie jumped back, covering her mouth when she saw the impact. She then walked over to help Alex to his feet. 
“Give me the gun.” Alex carefully removed it from his grasp. “It’s okay.” He told him calmly. “You didn’t kill him.” 
Elliot looked at him confused before they all turned to see that Daniel was barely hanging on with every staggered breath he took. 
“You won’t be held responsible.” Alex assured Elliot as he walked over to Daniel’s body, aiming the gun. 
Daniel’s eyes went to Alex’s face. “You… will never… be free.” He gasped for air as his life was slowly ending. 
“Neither will you.” Alex reminded him before firing shots directly at Daniel’s head, emptying all the ammo even though one shot would have sufficed. 
The room fell silent; Maddie and Elliot turned their eyes away from the gruesome sight before them. Alex however, stared straight at Daniel’s remains, 
His final words replaying over and over in his mind like a broken record. He would never be free, now not only would Renier and Vance be after him still for leaving them, but all the Phoenix soldiers they had trained, everyone who stayed behind following their command, they would be ready to avenge the death of their fallen leader. 
Alex quickly grabbed his phone call for paramedics for himself and others who were injured, followed by a call to Darryl. Maddie had followed Elliot into the weapon room again, making sure they had no other threats and hoping to find where Jay had disappeared to. He was heading their way when he heard Maddie’s blood-curdling screams. Running into the room he saw her in the far corner behind one of the large cabinets that had fallen over. Shattered glass surrounded her as she hovered over Jay’s body. He had fallen into one of the display cases during a fight and the glass had severely cut into his head. 
“This is Agent Alex Stone.” Back on the phone, Alex was calling to get the ambulance there even sooner. “I just made a call for paramedics, we need them immediately. We have an officer down…. severe head wounds…” his voice wavered as he pressed against Jay’s neck trying to get a pulse. “At the moment yes.” He answered. “Thank you.” He turned off his phone and tried to help Maddie. 
“Go watch for the ambulance Elliot.” He instructed as the young man nodded and ran to the front entrance. 
“Maddie, love…” he warned her as she leaned down against Jay and kissed his forehead. “Don’t move him, whatever you do.” 
“You can’t… leave me… Jay!” she cried, holding onto his hand. “You’re the only one who has never left me.” Tears were streaming down her face. “Don’t do this, I can’t lose anyone else, I can’t lose you! I’m so sorry…” she bawled as Alex knelt beside her. 
“It’s not your fault.” Alex whispered as he wiped his eyes. 
They soon heard Elliot yell from the other room as sirens blared a few moments later, the paramedics quickly raced inside the door with a stretcher. 
Darryl followed in behind them, taking a moment to stare in shock at Daniel Lewis’ body. He turned and ran past the paramedics; afraid to find out who it was they were rushing so quickly to save. He paused in the doorway and watched in dismay as he saw Alex and Maddie step aside while the team lifted Jay up onto the stretcher. Tears welled up in his eyes as the stretcher rolled toward him.
“Hang in there, son.” He patted Jay’s hand quickly before stepping aside so they could move on to the ambulance. Darryl walked through the disheveled room toward Maddie, trying to dry his face with his sleeve. 
“My baby girl…” he shrugged off his jacket and laid it across Maddie’s shoulders for her to cover up with. “What did that monster do to you?” he pulled her into a hug. Maddie held onto him tightly, she felt as if she’d lose him too if she let go too soon. 
Darryl looked at Alex angrily while still holding onto Maddie. “You should have called for backup the moment you had a chance!” 
“If I had done that Maddie wouldn’t have been alive!” Alex shot back. 
“We could have taken him, he was bluffing you into believing that!” 
“Sir…” Alex started to reply then quickly gave up on his argument; he knew how Daniel would have reacted better than anyone else. But he couldn’t convince them of that unless he wanted to spill all the details. 
“I didn’t give you the authority to override my command. I told you to call for backup as soon as there were any signs of trouble.” 
“That must have slipped my mind when Jay and I were knocked unconscious!” Alex yelled back. 
“Stop it!” Maddie pulled away from Darryl, holding her hand up to Alex to push him away. “Jay could die; can we please argue about who was right or wrong at some other time?” 
“He’s right.” Elliot spoke up, walking over to them. “Alex is right. Lewis would have killed her if the cops had intervened.” 
“Who are you?” Darryl asked him. 
“Elliot Watson, sir. I was one of the men that captured Jay and Alex.” He lowered his eyes to the floor. “Lewis was my boss. I can tell you everything you need to know.” 
Darryl glanced over at Alex and then back at Elliot. “Thompson…” he called out to another officer in the room. “Take this young man to the station and have him wait for me there.” He patted Elliot on the shoulder. “I appreciate your help.”
Elliot nodded and turned to Alex and Maddie. “I hope Jay turns out all right. Tell him I said Thanks.” He smiled a little before following behind Officer Thompson. 
Darryl exhaled slowly, feeling a little guilty for his outburst at Alex. “You two need to get to the hospital yourselves and get checked out. I don’t even want to know what the hell you’ve gotten into.” A low chuckle escaped as he pointed to Alex. 
“I’ll call Clara, tell her to bring you all some extra clothes…” he sighed dialing his phone. “She will be a wreck.” 
Maddie hugged against his shoulders silently as he began his conversation with Clara. Taking Alex’s hand, she followed him out to the main lobby of the mansion. 
They stopped in front of the stairway. The white ivory steps now covered in blotches of crimson red. Maddie looked at the rancid scene as long as she could before turning away. 
“I’m going to go on outside…” She touched Alex’s face in hopes he’d turn away and come with her, but he wouldn’t move. He continued staring straight ahead. Maddie squeezed his hand gently before letting go as she headed outside. 
As soon as she was gone, Alex walked over to Daniel’s body. Something had caught his eye earlier. He leaned down and saw a shiny silver chain falling out of Daniel’s pocket. It was Maddie’s necklace, with the pendant still attached. With everything that had gone on, she hadn’t noticed yet it was missing. 
He held up the necklace and stared at it strangely. It looked somewhat different. He turned the pendant around and noticed the black marble cover was gone from the back. He knew he wasn’t seeing things, he’d noticed it hundreds of times before when Maddie would be nervously playing with the charm while she talked to him. Now the back of the pendant was hollow, however the stone was still intact.
Headlights glared from outside the mansion as a patrol car was about to leave. The light shined through the large window beside of Alex, his eyes instantly fell on the projected green light illuminated on the wall. The car pulled away, taking away the mysterious image. Now interested in this strange discovery, Alex ran over to the chandelier in the middle of the room and held the pendant up to one of the bulbs. He stared down, awestruck at the code of letters and numbers appearing on the tiled floor.
Alex looked around to see if anyone was watching and quickly shoved the necklace in his pocket, he stopped once more at the body and saw the missing piece to the necklace lying on the steps next to Daniel. He picked it up and placed it in his pocket before walking outside to join Maddie. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Twelve
 
 
The vibrant white walls were almost blinding as Maddie tried to stare at something else, something with a little color to it that would hopefully stop the annoying sparkling dots from dancing in front of her eyes. The clock on the wall was ticking at an abnormally loud tone. She felt like hurling something at it to make it stop. Every little thing was a nuisance of some form or another. She hated the paper-thin gown they made her wear; she hated how the tissue paper underneath her crinkled loudly every time she moved. 
But more than anything she hated having to wait and wait with absolutely no news regarding Jay’s condition. She kept telling herself that no news was good news. But her subconscious mind’s encouraging words weren’t helping. 
A soft knock on the door of her exam room shook Maddie out of her harsh attitude. She heard the rustling of bags and hurried footsteps make their way over to her from behind the curtain. “I didn’t know what all to bring you honey.” Clara let out a sigh as she sat down a couple of plastic grocery store bags full of Maddie’s clothes and some other necessities she thought she might need.
“I ran in and grabbed whatever I could find. Brought Alex and Abby some things too. I just hope I got everything. When Darryl called, I was already half asleep, didn’t even take time to find matching clothes for myself.” She laughed nervously as she looked down at her mismatched outfit of an old Myrtle Beach t-shirt and pink jogging pants. 
Clara paused for a moment to look over at Maddie with sorrowful eyes. “I’m so sorry baby. Have you heard back from the tests yet? Oh, dear… is that broken?” 
Maddie slid down from the exam table, carefully with her wrist tightly wrapped up, and went through her bag of clothes. “No, Just a fracture. It just hurts like hell. They came in about twenty minutes ago, said everything was fine. Gave me a full exam and nothing showed up.” 
Clara nodded in relief. “At least that’s some good news. I was so afraid he had done something to you while you were knocked out.” 
Maddie slipped a t-shirt on over her head. “Yeah, me too.” She knelt down to dig out the pair of jeans stuffed at the bottom of the bag. “Did you get to see Alex? They won’t let me out of here until I’m discharged.” She grumbled. “Is he okay?”
“He’s fine darlin’. They were stitching him up when I brought his clothes by, so I gave them to his nurse. Said it surprised them all he didn’t need a blood transfusion, I can’t believe it either, being stabbed twice!” Clara shook her head. “Bless his heart.” 
“Yeah, he’s… full of surprises.” Maddie pulled out more items from the bags. “What about Jay? Have you heard anything yet?” 
“They rushed him to the ICU, they’re not letting anyone in yet, or that’s what Darryl said last.” 
“Not even Abby?” 
“Oh, Abby’s in there, you know she is. She said they could fire her if they wanted to keep her out that bad.” Clara laughed a little despite the troubles flooding her mind. “It’s so tragic how all this happened, Things could have been a lot worse but…” her voice trailed off, full of sadness. “We just need to be grateful everyone made it out alive.” 
There was a light knock at the door startling their somber mood. “Hang on a minute.” Clara called out to the visitor. “She’s getting dressed.” Maddie could hear Clara’s voice lighten a little as she stepped around the curtain. 
Maddie quickly replied. “I’m fine now.” She peeked around the curtain and gave Alex a faint smile. “Hey.” At least he looked better than the last time she had seen him. 
“The nurse out front said they’d be springing you out in a minute.” He walked slowly over to her with a slight limp. “How you feeling?” 
“I’m okay, It’s just a fracture.” He held up her injured arm and examined the bandages. “And all the tests came back okay.” 
“Good.” Alex didn’t know what to say to her. He felt so guilty. He wondered while sitting alone in the emergency room if this entire mess could have been avoided. If he hadn’t gotten so involved with her in the first place, perhaps things would have turned out differently. 
“Have you heard anything yet about Jay?” Alex asked Clara. 
“Not yet sweetie, I think I’ll head on down that way. They should let you out of here in a few minutes.” She looked out into the hallway. “I’ll see you two soon.” Clara told them, sensing the tension that had filled the room.
“Thanks for bringing the clothes by.” 
“Yeah, thanks.” Alex added in. “Really appreciate that.” 
“No problem kids.” Clara gave them a smile before heading out the door. 
They stood there face to face in silence as the seconds seemed longer and longer. When they finally spoke up, they both spoke at once, saying each other’s name and then smiling before giving each other a turn to speak. 
“There’s nothing I can say to make this any better.” Alex spoke up.. 
“You say it like it’s your fault.” Maddie shook her head. “I was the persistent one Alex. The stubborn idiot who wouldn’t listen to anything you had to say. You tried to tell me it was too dangerous, if anyone is at fault here, it’s me.” 
Alex wished that the floor would open and swallow him whole as tears formed in her eyes. She was blaming herself for something he had caused. He didn’t know if he could even stand to face her any longer without telling her the truth. But how could he tell her that everything had been a lie? 
Almost everything that is, the one thing that wasn’t false was the love he felt for her. But would she even believe that once he told her everything? 
“Look at me.” He held her face in his hands. “Do not blame yourself for what that bastard did to you. This wasn’t your fault!” he continued as she tried to pull away so she could avoid his words easier. “It was a good plan… we were just a little outnumbered.” 
“I wish I was the one in ICU right now.” 
A nurse came inside the room carrying a clipboard that held Maddie’s discharge papers while she was gathering up her things. “Looks like you’re all set to go.” She told Maddie as she scribbled something close to her name on the paper using her left hand. “Let Abby know we’re thinking about her and Jay.”
“I will Tara, thank you.” 
“You sure you’re okay to leave?” Tara looked at Alex suspiciously then turned back to Maddie. “Where’s he from? Krypton?” 
Maddie grinned and handed back the clipboard. “That would make sense.” She glanced over at him. “Are you okay?” 
“Hm that sounds familiar.” Alex smiled back at her. “I’m fine.” He turned to Tara. “I am! They build us Brits stronger that’s all.” 
Both girls laughed. “Be careful you two. Give Abby our love.” Tara called out as they exited the exam room. 
“Ah what’s that?” Alex said to Maddie once they were at the huge double doors of the ER. He pressed the square metallic button to open to doors. “Was that a smile I saw back there? Maybe even a little laugh?” he pulled her chin up. Maddie grinned uncontrollably back at him.
“It seems you have that effect on me.” She wrapped her arm around his waist as they walked through the busy waiting room. 
They looked around at the solemn faces, the area full of people waiting to hear about the condition of their loved ones, some waiting to hear the news that would break their hearts. Maddie hugged Alex closer to her as she thought about how close they all had come to taking their final breath that night. 
“Easy love.” Alex choked out as he pulled away a little. 
“Oh my God, sorry!” she lightly patted his bandaged side. “How many stitches did you end up with anyhow?” 
“Close to twenty there.” He thought for a moment. “And uh---around twelve or so in my leg.” 
Maddie stopped walking and stared at him bewildered. “Do you need a wheelchair or something? An IV drip? Did they even discharge you or are you just escaping?” 
“My papers are in my back pocket Miss Prosecutor.” He laughed and quickly grabbed his side. “They asked if I wanted to stay… but I walked around, and I was fine.” 
“You don’t look fine.” Maddie grumbled. 
“Well…” he pretended to pout. “Not what you said last night.” 
“Nice to see you back to your old self.” She led the way down the dim hallway. 
“When was I not my old self?” 
“I don’t know you were just…. different earlier.” She wasn’t sure how to describe the image in her head of Alex covered in blood and completely enraged. 
Alex took her hand, intertwining his fingers with hers. “Sorry if I scared you. I don’t usually get like that… it’s...” 
“You didn’t.” she partially lied. “I mean the entire situation was frightening.” They walked a little farther, the sound of their footsteps echoing throughout the cold lonesome hall of the hospital. A digital clock flickered above them; Maddie blinked and rubbed her eyes when she saw that it was after five in the morning.
“The elevators are right down here.” She was still holding onto his hand as they turned the corner to the lobby. They took the elevator up to the next level where the ICU was located. Maddie’s pace slowed dramatically once they exited the lobby into the hallway. The lower level one floor was much brighter and busier than the floor the ER was on. It had to be. That was where all the Intensive and Critical Care patients were located.
Maddie felt a sense of déjà vu overtake her as they got closer to the ICU lounge. She hadn’t been to that area of the hospital in over twenty years, not since her mom had passed away. The memories were blurry; she was only four at the time. Some of them, she knew weren’t her own memories; she was really remembering what others had told her and they somehow incorporated into her mind. But there were a few things that stood out. Like that bright blue door she and Alex were standing in front of at the moment. With its rectangular window and the white-painted letters ICU boldly printed across the front.
They walked a couple steps down to the waiting lounge. Maddie peered inside the window. Nothing had changed. It still had that same bleak brown furniture, still had the same tiny television set fixated to a column in the middle of the room. She remembered being there late at night, around Christmastime. 
The TV was tuned to a holiday special, an ice-skating version of The Nutcracker. Maddie could remember dancing around the tiny room to the music, pretending she was skating with a smile on her face. Oblivious to all the pain and sadness that her Dad was going through at that moment. He would give her his happiest fake smile and since she was just a child, she’d take it all in. Thinking everything was fine. Why wouldn’t it be? 
“Maddie?” she felt his arms wrap around her from behind. Alex rested his chin against her shoulder, then leaned around and kissed away a tear. “What’s the matter, love?” 
”I hate this place.” She took a few deep breaths as he hugged her close. 
“I’m right beside you.” He whispered in her ear and kissed her cheek before taking her hand again as they went to open the door. “If you get the urge to run away, let me know so I can run too.” He smiled and held the door open for her. 
Darryl was first to see them; She saw that look on his face again as he walked over and pulled Maddie into his arms. She prayed that it wasn’t too late. 
“Darryl…” she held onto him tightly. “He’s okay isn’t he?” 
“We don’t know baby.” 
Maddie burst into tears, her face buried into Darryl’s shoulder. Alex stood back a little, wanting desperately to run over to her, but he knew she needed her family right then. “What are they saying?” she pulled away; Clara came over with a handful of tissues, placing her arms lovingly around Maddie. 
“They’ve stopped the bleeding.” Darryl cleared his throat, trying to keep his voice from wavering too much. “And uh… had to give him some blood. Said there weren’t any internal injuries as far as they could tell but…” he wiped his eyes. “He’s not waking up.” 
Maddie shook her head, refusing to give in to the horrible thoughts in the back of her mind. “He’s unconscious, that’s all. I mean they gave him pain medicine, right? Surely that’s all it is, why is that such a problem?” her eyes narrowed as Darryl kept silent. “Don’t keep this from me.” She demanded. “I’m not a kid anymore Darryl.”
“Maddie baby nobody’s keeping anything from you.” Clara told her. “It’s just difficult to say that’s all.” 
Maddie’s eyes went from Clara’s face to Darryl’s then back again frantically. “Then what--- “ 
“He’s not breathing Madelyn!” Darryl almost shouted. “He can’t breathe on his own, they have him on life support. He lost so much blood that his brain isn’t getting enough oxygen.” Alex slowly walked over to Maddie, holding onto her tightly from behind when it looked like she was about to break down. 
“They said his heart stopped for a few minutes.” Darryl’s voice lowered. Alex’s hand rubbed against her arm as Maddie began trembling. 
“He’s in a coma…” Darryl paused as giant tears fell from his eyes. “They don’t… they don’t like how things are looking for him right now.” Clara went over to her husband, holding onto to him as he wrapped his arm around her. “Said if he doesn’t wake up in the next little while…he may never.” 
“No!” Maddie leaned forward, trying to get out of Alex’s grasp but he turned her around to face him. Devastated she wrapped her arms around his neck before everything went black. 
She felt like she had only been out for a few seconds. Maddie felt a cold washcloth lying against her forehead, she could hear quiet whispers around her, she made out Clara’s concerned voice, she could feel arms cradling around her, keeping her safe. 
“Would you stop scaring me like that?” Alex grinned as she opened her eyes. She was lying in his lap on one of the old sofas. 
“Thank the Lord, here baby…” Clara rushed over to her with a soda in her hand. “Get you something to drink… Have you ate anything at all?” 
“Does poisoned food count?” Maddie mumbled as she sat up and took the can from Clara. 
“You need something to eat.” 
“I’m fine.” 
“Alex why don’t you take her on home.” Darryl spoke up, Maddie’s eyes glared over in his direction. 
“I’m not going anywhere until I see Jay! I can’t---” she sat the soda down and ran her fingers through her hair in a nerve-wracking motion. “I’m not leaving. I never get to say goodbye to anyone…” 
The door leading to the patient’s rooms flew open, everyone turned to see Abby running out into the lobby. She stopped, grabbing onto the side of the wall, completely overcome with grief. 
Maddie immediately jumped up and ran over to her friend, holding onto her strongly as both girls cried and tried to talk through all the tears. 
“He’s okay right now.” Abby assured her before she fell apart. “I don’t know what I’m going to do---Maddie I can’t… we can’t lose him.” 
“We won’t.” Maddie was fighting with her emotions, trying to stay positive for Abby. “Jay’s strong, he can beat this.” 
“He’s so helpless in there Maddie. And I can’t do anything to help him! I can help everyone else…” Abby sobbed. “Why can’t I help him?” 
Maddie’s hand swept over Abby’s hair as she cried. She searched for the right words to say, but they all seemed so empty. All things she had heard over and over in the past, words she had grown to despise. All the ‘I’m Sorry’s’ the ‘You’ll get through this’ ‘Stay Strong’ ‘Things will get better’, How could she possibly fill Abby’s head with all the false hope she had been given?
“You all can go on back.” Abby pulled away from Maddie, wiping her eyes. “They only allow three people at a time right now.” 
“You two go ahead.” Darryl suggested. “That way you can go on home and get some rest.” 
“I think I should stay with Abby a few more minutes.” Maddie responded. “Alex and I aren’t the only ones who have had a hard night.” She looked over at Darryl. “You need to take care of yourself too.” 
Clara’s face lit up as she patted her husband’s shoulder. “Listen to your girl.” She told him while Darryl sighed to himself. “Come on, baby… we’ll go see him first.” 
“I’ll go home after I see him, I promise.” She added when he started to object. 
“You better.” He grumbled, turning to follow Clara to the door. 
Alex walked over to the girls once the others had left. “Hey there Beautiful.” He said as he gave Abby a hug. 
“How are you even able to stand?” she asked, looking him over in disbelief. “They said you were stabbed twice!” 
“I’ve had worse.” He smiled as Abby shook her head. He looked at her grim expression and felt guilty again. It was bad enough he’d hurt Maddie… did he have to cause so much torment to her friends as well? 
Abby turned to Maddie. “Are you okay?” she looked over all her bumps and bruises. “What happened? You all had everything planned down to the second… what went wrong?” 
“We weren’t counting on getting ambushed for one.” Alex sat back down on the couch, Abby in between them. “I reckon I should have figured on that.” 
“You didn’t know… you couldn’t have.” Maddie told him while hugging Abby close. Alex started chewing his nails and stared at the crisscross pattern on the carpet, He could have known. 
Maddie kissed her friend’s forehead before excusing herself to go to the restroom. Once she left, Abby looked over at Alex who was still deep in thought. She patted him on the knee and smiled. 
“I’m glad you were with Jay tonight. Things could have been even worse if you hadn’t been.” 
He tried to give her a smile back, cursing the deep stabbing pains that were tearing his heart into shreds. If she only knew the truth, she wouldn’t be so grateful. “Just doing what anyone else would do. I wouldn’t have made it out either if it hadn’t been for him.” That made her smile. 
Alex leaned up and put his arm around her. “I know it sounds like a bunch of empty words, to say he will be okay but, I believe he will.” He pulled some tissues from the box on the nearby table and handed them to her as she lay against his shoulder. “Do you need for us to stay here tonight?”
“No.” Abby sat up. “Clara will stay, and… you two need some rest!” she exclaimed. “I still don’t see how you’re holding up with all your injuries. You act like its nothing.” 
“I’ve got a high tolerance for pain.” 
“It’s not humanly possible to have that much tolerance.” 
He grinned back at her. “Maybe I’m not human.” 
“No, he’s from the planet Zorg.” Maddie joked as she returned. “Good Lord they haven’t even changed the bathrooms in over twenty years. It still feels like a freezer in there!” She shivered and sank down on the itchy couch on the other side of Alex. “So, what were we talking about?” she yawned. 
Abby closed her eyes, leaning back into her spot on Alex’s shoulder. “How your boyfriend is an alien.” 
“That’s cool.” Maddie’s eyes were about to close as well. “Are you taking me back to your home planet?” 
Alex scooted down so he could lean his head back on the couch. “Y’all are crazy.” He sighed, half asleep himself. 
Maddie opened one of her eyes. “You just said ‘y’all’. You’ve been here too long.” She yawned again. “They’ll have to probe you to un-Earth-a-fy you.” 
Alex held back a laugh since Abby was already sound asleep beside him. That didn’t make his side feel any better. “Laughing… hurts!” he whispered. 
“Sorry Zorgon.” 
He smiled and kissed her forehead. “I love you.” 
“You too.” Maddie murmured in her sleep. 
It was around an hour later when the door opened, Alex was the only one who woke up when Darryl and Clara came back into the visitor lounge. He watched the older couple hug for the longest time. He wondered if he should tell them everything, turn himself in. Maybe he would get some relief from all the guilt that was building up inside him. 
“Bless them, they’re so exhausted.” Clara looked over at the girls still sound asleep. “Did you get some rest too?” 
“I nodded off some.” Alex answered. “How’s he look?” 
“Not good.” She replied in deep sorrow. “Not good at all. It’s something no parent ever wants to see.” She wiped her eyes. “Not that I’m his Mother but--- “ 
“I’m sure he’d disagree with that.” Alex smiled at her. 
Clara nodded with a sweet smile on her face. “I’d let those two sleep if I were you…” 
“I’m awake.” Groggily, Maddie sat up. “And you are our Mother, don’t --- “she yawned once more. “Don’t say stuff like that.” 
Alex eased Abby’s head down onto the couch as he got up. Darryl walked over to them after giving his contact information to the lady at the desk. Looking at Maddie’s tired stance in disapproval. “You may want to wait until tomorrow.”
Maddie stared at the clock on the wall with blurred vision, the hour hand almost resting on seven. “It’s already tomorrow.” 
Darryl stepped over in front of her, placing his hands on her shoulders. “It’s not an easy sight.” 
“I don’t care. I have to see him.” 
He took a couple steps back, seeing the despair in her eyes. He knew he couldn’t protect her from all the pain and sorrow, not like he did so many years ago. It killed him to think of how miserable she would feel once she saw Jay in the condition he was in. He was afraid she’d break down like she had when her father died. Only this time he couldn’t play the parent if she ran away. He couldn’t rescue her. 
Alex took her hand as she started toward the door. Maddie gave Darryl a quick wave goodbye before walking into the patient area. The drastic change of temperature was evident; it was even colder back there than it was in the frigid restrooms. 
Maddie’s eyes nervously glanced around the busy space; nurses were dashing from one room to the next. Patient’s visitors would stand in little huddles outside of their loved one’s rooms. They approached a young woman, sobbing as she held onto an older man tightly. Maddie assumed she was his daughter; she was probably losing her mother if she hadn’t already. 
Alex pulled her closer as they passed by the painful sight, trying to steer her attention elsewhere. “What room is he in?” he asked, although he already knew. 
“Um…” Maddie glanced back sorrowfully at the lady, her heart breaking for her. She turned to face him once Alex gave her hand a quick squeeze. “Room six. It’s right here.” She took a deep breath before walking inside. It wasn’t so bad at first glance. She couldn’t even tell it was Jay lying underneath the piles of blankets Clara had tucked around him.
As they walked closer though, she could see his face, peeking out from the bandages wrapped around his head. The machines around his bed that were keeping him alive were beeping, keeping rhythm like a spellbinding tune. Maddie stood by the bedside, tears in her eyes as she saw his face more clearly. His eyelids were a deep purplish-blue color; bandages hid the gashes on his forehead and across his cheek. She felt for his hand underneath the layers of white sheets and blankets, gasping when she touched his icy skin. 
“He’s so cold.” She reacted, rubbing her thumb against his hand trying to warm it. Alex stood behind her; he placed his hand on top of hers. His free arm holding onto Maddie.” 
“Hey Jay… you’ve got our ladies worried sick man.” He bit his lip trying to hold back all emotions. “Come on now, you’re going to have to wake up for us you bugger.” 
“Jay…” Maddie moved closer to his face while still holding his hand. “It’s Maddie… if you can hear me, if you can move at all. You have to get through this. Who will keep me out of trouble?” she tried to smile while lightly touching the top of his head, the tears now uncontrollably streaming down her face. 
“I don’t think I can handle losing you too. You’ve been here with me when I’ve lost everyone else. You can’t leave Jay.” Alex rested his hands on her shoulder as she kissed the side of Jay’s face. 
She stayed there for a few minutes; her head lightly resting against his, praying she could do something that would get a response from him, anything that would give them some hope. She kissed him again before standing back up, turning to Alex’s arms. 
“If there were anything I could do…” his voice trailed off as he held her. “Anything I could say… I don’t know what to do to help you through this.” 
They heard the door creak open as a nurse walked inside to check on him. Maddie turned around, wiping her eyes. “Has there been any change?” she asked while the lady checked his vitals. 
The older lady shook her head sorrowfully while double-checking the IV machine. “At least he hasn’t gotten any worse. Keep talking to him, that’s the best thing anyone can do. If he’s going to respond to anything, it’ll be a familiar voice.” She smiled at them sympathetically. “You two look like you’ve had a rough night, are you the officers that were with him?” They both nodded in response. “You need to take care of yourselves too. Honey, you’re not looking too good.” she walked over to Maddie in a rush.
“I’m just a little overwhelmed.” 
The nurse touched her fingers to Maddie’s wrist. “Your pulse is racing sweetie, why don’t we go take your blood pressure?” Maddie started to refuse. “Just to be safe.” The nurse added. “We don’t want you ending up in here too.” 
“I guess not.” Maddie reluctantly followed the nurse out of the room, turning to Alex at the door. “I’ll be right back.” 
Alex pulled a rolling stool toward him and took a seat next to the bed, taking hold of Jay’s hand once again. “I’m sorry I put you through this.” He spoke quietly. “I don’t expect you to forgive me, I expect no one to once they all find out. I’m sure if you were conscious right now you’d be asking me questions. And I’d have to answer you. I’d have to tell you everything. “He tried his best to keep from crying; the more he concentrated on his emotions, the more intense the pain from his wounds felt. 
 “I don’t know how I will tell her. I can’t right now. It would kill her. And would she be any safer if she knew?” He looked at Jay’s sleeping face. “I’ll fix this, I promise I will. I will make things right again for you and Abby and Maddie. Even if all of you hate me, I‘ll make sure they won’t get to any of you.”
He was startled when the door opened again as Maddie returned to the room, followed by the nurse. “Everything okay?” Alex asked. 
“This one needs rest!” Maddie smiled sheepishly at the lady’s orders. 
“I tried to explain that my levels usually run kinda high--- “ 
“Honey, if you keep going like this you’ll have a heart attack before you’re thirty!” 
“I’ll see that she gets some rest.” Alex thanked her as she left the room. 
Maddie grumbled as she leaned against Alex. “If she had been through what I have tonight she wouldn’t be so damn…” 
“Madelyn!” Alex warned. “Be nice.” 
“I know, it was sweet of her but I’m just… cranky.” She yawned. 
“Come on, we’re going home. You can come back later.” He was relieved when he convinced her to leave. She gave Jay a final kiss before they left the hospital. Darryl had a couple of the other officers drive the Firebird and Abby’s 4-Runner over to the hospital for them to drive home. As soon as they reached the car Maddie fell into the passenger seat of the Trans Am, reclining the seat back enough to get comfortable.
“You want me to drive?” she asked him as he got inside the car. 
“And have you fall asleep, killing us both?” 
“I think I can handle it…” she stopped to yawn for the millionth time. “If you don’t feel like it.” 
Smiling over at her as they pulled onto the highway, he brushed her hair out of her eyes while the cool wind blew through the window. “I’ll manage.” 
“We may need to stop and get our prescriptions.” She mumbled, drifting in and out of sleep. “There’s a pharmacy up ahead. I’ll run in and get them, they have me on file, so it won’t take too long…” 
“You won’t be running anywhere, you’re falling asleep already!” 
“You’ll need some medicine before morning.” 
“So, I’ll go in and get it.” 
“Alex, Stop acting like you are made of steel.” 
“Stop acting like you can go without sleep!” 
“I can go without sleep easier than you can hobble around in the pharmacy!” 
Alex sighed at her stubbornness. “Do they have a drive thru?” 
Maddie blinked and wiped her eyes as the early morning sun shined through the window. “Yes…” she replied, a little disoriented. 
“Problem solved, you can sleep, and I don’t have to hobble.” He grinned as she muttered something incoherent in agreement. 
It was nearly nine in the morning once they opened the door to the loft, Maddie felt like she hadn’t seen her home in years. There had been moments when she thought she’d never step foot in her apartment again. Sadly, she sat her things on the counter while wondering if Jay would ever return to them. She looked over at Alex who had collapsed on the couch, his eyes squeezed tightly shut.
“Alex?” 
“I think the meds are wearin’ off.” He exhaled the breath he’d been holding back while trying to sit up. Maddie dug through their bags from the pharmacy until she found his medicine. Grabbing him a drink from the fridge, she rushed over to help him sit up. 
“Did it start hurting all at once? Maybe you’ve torn something.” 
He stopped her before taking a drink. “It’s been hurting. Not as bad but… enough. I just didn’t say anything about it.” 
“Why not?” her eyes narrowed on him. Why did he think he had to appear so superhuman around her? 
Alex gave her a guilty look back while easing against the couch cushions. “You were upset enough as it was, I hate when you get that look on your face when you’re worried about me. Like that!” he said as Maddie tried to straighten her face up. 
“That’s no reason to not let someone know you’re in pain!” 
“I was stabbed twice, I reckon I thought you knew.” He shut his eyes once again with a crooked smile on his face. Maddie had to resist the urge not to punch him for being sarcastic. 
“Hmm… it’s been two weeks already.” 
“Since what?” he asked half asleep. 
“Since you came here.” 
“Oh, two weeks since our lovely meeting… right.” He yawned loudly. 
“Yeah and you’ve already been injured twice, anyone ever tell you you’re slightly accident prone?” 
Alex laughed with his eyes closed, lightly clutching his side to stop the pain. “I have so many stories…” 
“Not sure if I want to hear.” She sighed while getting up from the couch to let him rest. Alex’s hand touched against hers as she passed by. He held onto it, looking up at her. “Are you okay? Really?” 
“I will be.” She knelt to face him. “Just wish my mind would slow down so I could keep up.” She smiled a little. Alex’s hand went to her face as he tried to pull it toward his, but Maddie pulled back. 
“I’m sorry, it’s not your fault.” she said. 
“It’s okay…” 
“No, I--- “she paused, hating that she felt so uncomfortable now toward Alex. It wasn’t him making her feel that way; it was the still burning images of Daniel attacking her, taking over her mind. 
Pushing all the negativity away the best she could, Maddie leaned forward kissing him lightly. She eased away from him all too quickly. “I’m stressed out and worried about Jay and wishing there was something I could have done to stop all of this from happening.” The tears burned her tired eyes.
Alex stood up from the couch and hesitantly put his arms around her. He whispered in her ear while she relaxed in his arms. “I understand. This isn’t your fault either, love.”
“But I don’t want you to think I’m avoiding you.” She cried. “I get like this when bad things happen, I shut people out and---“
“Maddie.” Alex sighed. “Don’t fill your head with a bunch of nonsense.” He smiled down at her. “I know you love me, you’ve been through hell tonight. And it will take a while before you feel like yourself again.” She took a few calming breaths while lying against him, she could feel an instant calming effect take over as Alex cradled her in his arms.
“You need to lay back down.” Maddie practically demanded when she could feel his muscles tensing up. “I’m going to go try to get some rest myself. Do you want me to help you into bed?” 
“I believe the couch would be more comfortable.” He sank back down into the worn out cushions. Maddie pulled the throw blanket from the back of the couch up around him, tucking him in. 
“Has anyone ever told you you’re slightly an angel?” he smiled, closing his eyes again. Maddie shook her head while lightly patting the mess of curls lying atop the armrest before heading to her room. 
  
 

Chapter Thirteen 
Several hours later, around five-thirty that evening, Maddie woke up, still in a groggy state of mind as she looked around her quiet room with blurry vision. 
The pain medication had knocked her out completely if it hadn’t she probably wouldn’t have gotten much rest at all. She wiped her eyes while figments of her dreams flashed through her mind.
 
Suddenly her eyes opened wide as a memory came back to her. With everything that had happened with Jay, Maddie didn’t have time to focus on anything else. But now in the silence, Daniel’s words came back to her.
 
“Half a billion dollars.” She said to herself. Trying to make sense of it all. She got up, taking her phone from the nightstand before tiptoeing over to her door. She peeked out to see that Alex was still sound asleep on the couch. Quietly she walked outside through the garage and out around to the front of the apartment building. She sat down on the old concrete steps and hesitantly dialed Darryl’s number.
 
“Darryl? Have you heard anything?” 
 
“No. I was afraid that’s why you were calling me.” He sighed. “Clara called a few minutes ago, said there wasn’t any change the last time she and Abby went back to see him.” 
 
“That’s better than nothing.” She tried to remain positive. “Are you at the office?” Maddie asked when she heard the usual sounds of chattering and phones ringing. 
 
“Had to do something.” He replied. “Just finished talking to that Watson kid. I will have to get you and Alex in here soon to get your statements, when you’re up for it.” 
 
“Yeah that’s kinda why I called.” she paused for a moment. “How is Elliot?” 
 
“He’ll be fine, he has to stay around here a little longer. The judge will go easy on him I’m sure since he cooperated so well… lots of useful information.” His voice trailed off. “What were you needing?” 
 
“Um… well after taking a nap, a few things came back to me, things that Daniel had said. This entire case, the whole deal with Montgomery-Lewis was just to get to me.” 
 
“I know.” Darryl interrupted. “Elliot told me. Now Maddie you need to wait until you can come in to discuss all that…” 
 
“There’s something I have to ask you.” She interrupted while he waited for her reply. “He said something about… about Dad having some money…” 
 
“Madelyn…” 
 
“Do you know anything about that?” 
 
“Don’t be ridiculous Maddie! You know your Father would have never joined up with a bunch of criminals.” 
 
“I know that, I know! But I also know how you like to keep things from me!” 
 
“For your own good, back when you were a child.” he argued back. 
 
“Then where are they getting this information from?” 
 
Darryl’s tone softened a little. “I don’t know.” 
 
“Half a billion dollars?” 
 
“It’s crazy, I know baby, but don’t worry about all that right now. We’ll have time to concentrate on that later. I know you’re worried sick about Jay and you need to take care of yourself too. We’ll deal with all this other stuff when the time comes. At least you don’t have to worry about that bastard hurting you anymore.” 
 
“Yeah, that’s true.” She replied quietly while remembering Alex’s brutal attack against Daniel. “Are you going to the hospital later?” 
 
“I’ll be there as soon as I can.” She could hear rustling papers and more phones going off. 
 
“Take care of yourself old man.” She reminded him. “Love you.” 
 
“Love you too baby girl.” 
 
When walking back into the apartment, Maddie could hear Alex was already awake, moving around inside the bathroom. She jumped when something loud banged against the tiled floor followed by a flurry of obscenities. She looked inside the bathroom to see him clutching the edge of the sink basin. 
 
“Are you okay?” 
 
“Just trying to clean up.” He grumbled as she walked over and picked up a can of hair spray that had fallen to the floor. “Get a damned sharp pain in my side every time I try to move.” He grumbled while he finished up shaving. 
 
“Do you need to change the bandages?” 
 
“Probably.” 
 
Maddie tilted her head to the side. “Would you like some help?” she asked, knowing he’d probably be half-dead before he asked himself. 
 
He turned to her, his grumpy attitude quickly changing as he gave her that beautiful smile she loved so much. “You just want to play nurse again.” He playfully dabbed shaving cream on her nose. 
 
“Maybe.” She grinned back, crinkling her nose up as she wiped it off. 
 
“Are you feeling better?” He asked while staring into the mirror. “Probably a dumb question a guess?” 
 
“I don’t know. I’m not as tired but I still feel like there’s no life left in me. I can’t see how all this happened. How did we lose so much control?” 
 
“It happens.” He sighed. “Bad answer I know but that’s why we’re trained to be prepared y’know?” 
 
“Yeah, I suppose.” She leaned against the sink while watching him shave, smiling to herself while he wasn’t looking. “I was able to remember a lot of things from last night though, like what Daniel had said.” 
 
“Oh?” 
 
“Yeah… turns out he was obsessed with me. The more I think about it, I believe he was stalking me.” She continued as they moved into his bedroom where the bandages where located. “Actually, I know he was.” 
 
“Really? That’s not surprising. Considering how much of a creep he was to you before.” 
 
“He told me he had planned the entire thing just to get to me.” She gathered the supplies needed to change his bandages before they sat down on the bed. “And to make things even weirder.” Maddie continued, taking in Alex’s mock stunned expression. “He was determined to find out where the half a billion dollars that my Dad left me was at.”
 
Alex removed his shirt so she could get to the wound easier. “You didn’t tell me you were a millionaire.” He joked. 
 
Maddie carefully pulled away the white tape. “Far from it.” She muttered. “He claimed my Dad was a double agent. That he turned against the force to join up with the monsters who murdered him.” She let out a gasp once she pulled away the bandage.
 
 “My God, Alex…” 
 
“It’s not as bad as it looks…” 
 
“Oh, just shut up already.” She joked. “Anyway, too bad Daniel’s assumptions weren’t true hm?” she smiled and touched her neck to hold on to her faithful charm, only to discover it was no longer there. 
 
“What is it?” Alex asked when he saw her frantic face. 
 
“My necklace! It’s gone, it must have fallen off sometime last night.” She exclaimed. “I’ll never get it back now, the last thing my Dad gave me. I should have taken it off. Why didn’t I…”her words were cut short when she saw a shimmer of silver swinging past her eyes. 
 
“I found it last night, sorry I forgot about it being in my pocket.” He handed the necklace to her. 
 
“Where was it?” she asked back while happily returning it back to its place around her neck. 
 
“Daniel had taken it.” 
 
Maddie gaze shot up to meet his. “Why would he do that?” 
 
Alex shrugged. “I don’t know, crazy obsession I reckon.” 
 
“Well… thank you for finding it. I know it probably seems silly…” 
 
“Trust me. It isn’t.” he smiled back at her, wondering to himself if she was playing dumb or really had no clue about the pendant’s secret. 
 
“How’s your wrist?” he asked while Maddie fumbled with the tube of ointment. 
 
“It doesn’t hurt that bad. It’s awkward having to wear the brace all the time, my grip will probably be gone… my aiming off. Guess I’ll have to learn to shoot with my left hand, huh?” 
 
“It’s not that hard.” Maddie gave him a disbelieving glare. “It’s not! You just have to practice at it. We’ll go to the shooting range later in the week and I’ll show you.” 
 
“If you say so.” She applied the new bandage. “How about your leg? Do you need me to help you with that one too?” 
 
Alex shot her his classic evil smile. “You’re just trying to get me naked aren’t you?” Maddie gave him a faint smile. He soon stopped laughing and cleared his throat. 
 
“I shouldn’t have said that.” 
 
“You don’t have to apologize.” 
 
“Yes, I do.” 
 
“Alex!” she interrupted him. “We’re dating aren’t we? I mean really. You don’t have to walk on eggshells around me, I’m fine. What you said was a perfectly normal thing for a guy to say to his girlfriend. If I get upset over it, it’s my fault.” 
 
“I’m not going to argue with you about this.” His eyes focused on her face. “The only person at fault here was Daniel, and he’s gone. Now it was bloody ignorant for me to say what I did—don’t say it wasn’t. But… we’ll get through this Madelyn.” 
 
“Until you go back home?” 
 
“I’m not going anywhere.” He assured her although it didn’t do much good. Her disposition was ruined for the time being.
 
“Right, how about you go get dressed… I’ll take care of my leg, and we’ll go check on Jay. Sound good?” he asked while she merely nodded in response. Slumping her shoulders in disgust of herself, Maddie crawled off the bed and dragged her feet toward her room.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“I think I need a psychiatric evaluation.” 
 
“I was needing a project for extra credit.” Abby replied as she sat across from Maddie in the hospital’s cafeteria, impassively picking at her food. 
 
Both girls looked up and gave each other an emotionless smile. 
 
“What am I doing? You’re the last person who needs to hear about someone else’s problems.” 
 
“Please, it’ll make me feel better about myself! That’s a joke. You know that’s a joke right? Anyway.” Abby picked up a grape from her fruit bowl and chewed on it. “I don’t care to listen. Talk. Occupy my brain.” 
 
“Let’s see… I get handed the biggest case of my career… meet a wonderful guy.” 
 
“Wonderfully cute guy.” Abby added. 
 
“Right, then I bite his head off.”
 
Abby actually smiled. “I’m so glad we can laugh about that now because it was pretty funny.” 
 
“Anyway.” Maddie cut her off. “Then after two weeks of insanely confusing and traumatizing flirting, we finally get together and, this happens.” She twisted the straw around in her glass as she talked, sending the ice cubes in a whirlwind funnel. “My first major case, company fraud, simple enough. But no, it couldn’t be that simple. This is me we’re talking about here.” She sighed. “Who knew I had a stalker? Or the better question is why would I have a stalker?”
 
Abby shrugged. “Who knew you were loaded?” 
 
“Exactly.” She murmured. “And now because of some freak and his obsession I’m shutting out the person I love the most.”
 
“I’m sure Alex understands.” 
 
“Yes, he understands, I’m the one who doesn’t.” She told her as they got up from the table and walked over to empty their trays. The girls placed their arms around each other while walking down the hallway toward the elevators.
 
“I know, sweetie.” Abby laid her head over against Maddie’s shoulder. “The only thing that will heal any of us… is time.” 
 
“Have you slept any at all?” Maddie asked her though she already knew the answer. 
 
“Just this morning when you all were here. I woke up right after you and Alex left. He makes a good pillow.”
 
Maddie stared up at the mirrored ceiling above them. “We look like hell.” She joked, trying to kill the silence. She got a tiny smile out of Abby, but it didn’t last long. “Wonder if there’s been any change?” 
 
“I’m sure someone would have called if there had been.” Abby replied with little hope in her voice. A few more silent moments passed as they reached the lower level of the hospital. 
 
“I don’t know what I’m going to do.” Abby finally spoke up. Her voice broke off as the tears began again. “I sat in there with him for hours this morning. Just sat there. That’s all I can do.” The doors chimed open and the girls quickly exited to the lobby. 
 
“It’s all any of us can do at this point.” Maddie stopped to give her a hug. “All these years, Jay has always been there to pick me up through the hardest times in my life. And now when he’s the one in need, I can’t help him.” She cried as Abby’s arms tightened around her, both feeling equally brokenhearted.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Chapter Fourteen
 
 
“Alex? Honey would you help me pull him up? He looks so uncomfortable.” Alex smiled sincerely at Clara who was standing at Jay’s bedside, trying her best to find some way to help him. 
“Sure.” He stood at the opposite side of the bed and helped her to lift the sheet underneath him. 
“He seems to keep sinking down in the bed, could just be me.” She rambled on nervously, pulling the heavy white blanket up toward his neck. “And it’s so darned cold in here!” she fussed, shaking her head in discouragement. Alex stood back and admired the loving motherly figure Jay had in his life.
“Jay’s very lucky to have such an angel watching over him Miss Clara.” 
“Aww, thank you precious.” She beamed. “He’s my little angel though.” She patted the bandages along his forehead. 
“Although that first night Darryl brought him to the house…” she let a tiny chuckle escape. “That wasn’t the case. I caught the little bandit stealing my Momma’s pearls from my jewelry box.” Alex grinned and took a seat as Clara continued her story. 
“What did you do?” he asked. 
“I told him he best be putting that right back where he got it if he knew what was good for him! Scared him to death, he didn’t even know I was standing there.” she laughed a little more. “Now Darryl will tell you he’s the one who straightened him out, but I’d have to disagree with that.”
“I imagine you made a lasting impression.” Alex smiled. 
“Well, he sure didn’t steal anything else from me again. That’s for sure. And that mouth… Lordy I’d never heard such language coming from such a little thing in all my life!” She smiled at the memories while holding Jay’s cold hand. “But then he turned it all around, became my little gentleman. It wasn’t an easy thing to do, but worth it all in the end.” 
“It must be very rewarding, taking in two kids who had nowhere else to go. I admire you both for that.” 
Clara’s face lit up. “Now Alex you’re going to make me blush.” She grinned. “Thank you, Your Momma must be proud of having such a pleasant man for a son.” 
Alex’s eyes lowered to the bed, as he didn’t want to meet her eyes. “I wouldn’t know about that.” He finally spoke up, watching as Clara fidgeted with Jay’s bedding, worrying if he was comfortable even though Jay was completely unconscious. She reminded him so much of Miss Ana from the orphanage. The only person he felt that ever cared for him like that. 
“How is Maddie doing?” Clara asked after a few silent moments. “I know she’s pretty shaken up, but, is she okay?” 
“Physically she seems to be fine, I don’t think her wrist is giving her too much trouble. She’s umm…” he paused. “She’s a little distant, because of what happened.” Clara nodded sympathetically. “And then she feels guilty for feeling that way.” 
“Oh yeah, that’s Maddie for you. She’ll get past that.” She shook her head. “Poor child’s been through so much, I hate to think if something happened to Jay what she would do.” She looked up at Alex with a faint smile. “I’m glad she has you.”
Alex only nodded as Clara’s eyes watered. He felt like all the guilt and lies were burying him deeper and deeper by the second. He couldn’t morally continue to put on this charade much longer. A quick tap at the door caused Clara to wipe her eyes; she smiled and greeted her husband at the door. 
“Any change?” Darryl asked hopefully. 
“Nothing yet.” Clara replied while returning to Jay’s bedside. 
“Is Maddie around?” He asked her. 
“She went with Abby to the cafeteria a little while ago.” 
Darryl looked across the bed at Alex. “You mind talking with me for a few minutes?” 
Alex shook his head, trying to ignore the nagging chills running up his spine, afraid his moment of truth may be closer than he had expected. He walked around the bed and waited as Darryl spoke to Clara once more, telling her they wouldn’t be long, before they both exited the room. 
Darryl walked a couple steps ahead as they passed several patient rooms and the nurse’s station. He stopped in front of a small conference room, normally used by families who needed to talk in private about their loved one’s condition. The room was small and square with blinding white walls and plush furniture. Alex felt like the walls were closing in as soon as they walked inside.
“How you feeling?” Darryl motioned toward Alex’s injuries as they sat down at the table.
“Uh… all right, it’s painful but not too horribly bad.” He gave him a weak smile. The pain in his chest at the moment seemed more stabbing than his actual wounds. 
“I know it’s hell, I was stabbed once, years ago. Chasing after some kid robbing a convenience store. Better take care, don’t want infection to set up.” 
“Right.” Alex replied, wishing he’d get on with it. 
Darryl scooted up in his seat, rubbing his face tiredly. “I talked with Mr. Watson this morning.” he had a twinge of dread in his voice. “He told me about how you were sent here by Daniel. How you were helping him out all along.” He looked over at Alex who was staring at the floor, only nodding quietly in response. 
Several quiet seconds passed as Alex tried to find his voice again. “I suppose then you’re here to take me in?” the room fell quiet again; it surprised Darryl how he wasn’t trying to hide anything. 
“I’m off duty right now. Didn’t even bring my badge with me. No gun…” he patted his belt where the holster usually stayed. “No handcuffs.” He met Alex’s confused eyes. “Alex, I want to hear your side of the story, off the record.” 
“Why? I’m sure everything Elliot told you was the truth. As crazy as it all may have seemed.” 
“I’m sure he did too. I could tell that he was an honest kid. He’d just gotten mixed up with the wrong crowd.” He gave him a knowing stare. “I’d like to think maybe that’s what happened to you too. Don’t get me wrong, I can be fooled as easily as the next guy. But you’re not a cop for as long as I have been and not have the ability to read people.”
“You think you can read me? You think I’m just a kid like Elliot that didn’t have any other choice?” he asked bitterly. 
“I don’t know, I could be wrong. You could be fooling us all.” He responded with more authority to his tone. “You could be fooling Maddie.” Alex’s face turned grim at the mention of her name. “Don’t think I didn’t want to run right down here before Elliot even finished.” Darryl’s voice lowered. “If I find out you intentionally set out to hurt her.”
“I didn’t.” Alex’s breathing quickened while he spoke through his teeth. 
“Then let me hear your side of the story so I can judge for myself.” 
Abby and Maddie were making their way back to Jay’s room when they saw Clara sitting outside the door, they both stood frozen as they instantly thought the worst. 
“Oh, he’s fine.” Clara spoke up as soon as she saw them. “They’re cleaning him up, changing his IV and all that. I thought I’d step out here, so I wouldn’t be in the way.” The girls sat down on either side of her on the cushioned bench. “Did you have something to eat?” she asked, only getting groans and murmurs in response. “Well then we’re going to have to do something. We can’t live on these chips and cookies from the vending machines.” She flipped through a magazine filled with recipes. “Ohh now that looks nice…”
“Cake.” Abby moaned. “That looks amazing.” She rested her head against Clara’s shoulder while Maddie took the other side. 
“Oh, they have pie too.” Maddie added. “That looks good!” 
“Now why didn’t you two eat something?” Clara kidded with them. “You act like you’re both half starved.” 
“They ain’t anything in the cafeteria that looks like that.” 
Maddie stared at the pages as Clara turned them; filled with even more pictures of food. “I want chicken.” 
Abby yawned. “You always want chicken.” 
While they were still staring at the mouthwatering food, Tara, Abby’s friend from the ER walked by with the leftovers from her supper. “Hey, how’s he doing?” she asked cheerfully. 
“No change so far.” Abby stared at her attentively. “You have fries.” 
“I had way too many left over do you all want---“
“Please!” Abby and Maddie both got up and reach for the Styrofoam container. 
“Are you back up here now?” Abby asked her after taking in a few glorious bites. Hospital food wasn’t cutting it anymore. 
“Yes, finally.” Tara replied. “Back where I’m supposed to be, they called in a few more people to help out in the ER.” She rolled her eyes. “I’m so glad to be out of that place!” 
“I’ll be glad when I’m finally out.” Abby commented. 
“Don’t get us wrong, it’s not the patients that are such a pain.” Tara explained to Maddie. “It’s the supervisors.” 
“Oh, I understand, Abby’s filled me in plenty of times. They don’t seem to be very fair to you all.” 
“They’re not.” Tara turned in her swiveling chair to look over the monitors in front of her. “This job is so much better.” 
“Only a few more semesters to go.” Abby said in relief. 
“So, what is all this?” Maddie peeked around at the screens while taking a handful of fries from the box. 
“Heart monitors, vital signs…all that good stuff. I make sure everything is running smoothly for everyone.” 
“Basically, she watches TV all day.” Abby joked. 
“I have to take care of patients too. I don’t just sit here! Easier job with a bigger responsibility.” she rocked back and forth in her chair. A noise went off on one of the monitors. Maddie stopped eating suddenly and stared in the direction of the noise. 
“Mr. Evans must have unplugged his oxygen again.” Tara simply flipped off the alert button before yelling out to another nurse to go fix the problem. “That happens usually every thirty minutes or so.” She smiled, sinking back into her seat. “Elderly patients are the best. So, Maddie…” she smiled. “What have you been up to these days?”
“Oh…just work. You know me.” 
“I know you have a sexy little partner.” She gave her a knowing smile. “Anything going on with you two? Please tell me that there is because if not, I’ll hurt you.” Maddie started laughing at Tara’s playful attitude. “Come on! That’d be a disgrace to all single women, like me!”
“Okay, yes…I suppose you could say that something’s going on.” 
“Good for you! Very good.” She added under her breath. “If you ever get tired of him, you know where to find me.” 
Maddie smiled, taking another fry. “Yeah, I’ll keep that in mind.” 
Another alert came from the monitors, Maddie and Abby assumed it was Mr. Evans again, but Tara stopped laughing and stared in the lower left screen, jumping from her seat she instantly headed toward Jay’s room. 
“Tara!” Abby yelled out, glancing at the screen. “Oh no.” 
“What is it?” Maddie ran after them. No one had a chance to answer, Jay’s doors flew open and some of the nurses who were tending to him ran out. 
“He’s flat lining!” one of the head nurses yelled. “Bring the defibrillator, now!” 
Everything was a blur; Maddie could see Clara standing out of the way as people rushed in and out of the room. This couldn’t be happening right now, He was doing fine a few minutes earlier, no one had said anything about him getting worse. 
“Better go get her baby.” Clara walked up behind Maddie. “Abby don’t need to be in there right now.” 
Nodding her head, Maddie ran toward Jay’s open door, it felt like she was moving in slow motion. The room was a chaotic mess, machines going off loudly, people yelling, and Abby’s tragic screams at his bedside. 
“Abs.” Maddie put her arms around her friend. “We need to go outside.” 
“I have to help him!” she screamed. “Let go!” 
“Abby listen to Maddie!” Tara demanded, applying the patches to Jay’s chest before counting off. The powerful jolts of electricity sent his body into spasms. 
“Come on Abby…we need to wait outside.” 
“No!” she screamed as the nurses tried to get his heart beating once again. 
“Maddie get her out of here!” Tara demanded. 
She tried pulling her and was surprised when she couldn’t even budge Abby’s tiny frame. “Come on!” Maddie held onto her tightly, trying to stay as strong as possible for Abby’s sake. Both girls jumped once the defibrillator went off again. 
Abby pulled out of Maddie’s grasp and ran back to the bed rail. “I’m not leaving you Jay.” 
“Cover me.” Tara instructed the nurse closest to her. “Abigail.” She ran over and placed her hands on Abby’s face, holding her close as she spoke calmly to her. “We are going to do our best to take care of him baby, but you need to let us. You know how this works. Let me do my job.”
Abby finally nodded once Tara released her, with tears rolling down her face she took Maddie’s hand and followed her out the door. 
“What happened?” Darryl and Alex turned the corner to see everyone standing outside. He anxiously turned to Clara after seeing Abby’s face. 
“His heart stopped again.” Clara whispered. 
Alex walked over to Abby and Maddie and took both girls in his arms, kissing the top of Abby’s head. Maddie looked over at Darryl and Clara, wanting to go join her family for a moment. 
“I’ve got her.” Alex whispered, nodding to Maddie. She ran over and held on tightly to Darryl and Clara. 
Alex took Abby into his arms as she cried. “Shh…it’s going to be okay. Jay’s a fighter.” 
“It’s not looking too good for him Alex.” 
“How could he possibly leave someone as beautiful as you?” he tried to give her a smile. “You’re definitely worth fighting for.” 
“I was always afraid that this day would come but I imagined myself a lot older,…” she cried “What am I going to do?” 
“Try to stay positive love, it’s not over yet.” 
Everyone turned when they saw some nurses exiting Jay’s room. “He’s stable for now.” Tara informed them as she walked outside. The wonderful rhythmic beating sound of his heart monitor was back in tune. “But I’m afraid he’s going to have to have emergency surgery.” 
“Surgery?” Abby exclaimed. “He’ll never survive.” 
“Honey he’s not going to survive like this either much longer.” She replied bluntly. “I’m sorry. But the reduced blood volume has caused some damage to his heart.” 
“And you honestly think that he’ll survive a bypass?” Abby asked. Tara tried to ignore the hatefulness in her voice. 
“Abby, you’re a nurse yourself, what would you tell someone else if you were in my shoes?” 
“If he survives the surgery,” Darryl asked. “Will he be all right afterwards?” 
“Definitely …the main concern at this point is the risk involved.” Tara answered him, looking back at Abby. “Do you all want a couple minutes to discuss this privately?” 
“No, Go ahead.” Abby interrupted. “It’s his only chance.” 
Tara looked around at the other faces that all agreed with Abby’s decision. “All right, I’ll let them know.” She looked back at Abby sorrowfully before walking away. 
Abby looked around in a daze. “What have I done?” 
“You did the right thing.” Darryl told her, placing his arm around her shoulder. “At least he has more of a chance now.” 
“Yes, but with greater risks.” 
“Nobody wants to make a decision like that, but we all think you did the right thing Abs. Jay will be so proud of you.” She hugged Abby’s shoulders. Maddie couldn’t believe her own strength where was all of this positive thinking coming from? Why hadn’t she broken down yet? Is this what it meant to be strong for others in their time of need? She had lost her own love of her life after all. If Ethan’s death could cause her to be strong for Abby during all this, then maybe it wasn’t all in vain.
They all stepped aside once the stretcher came through, wheeling Jay quickly down to surgery. It was such a somber moment, everyone stood in silence long after he was gone. Taking in all the pain and sadness they had witnessed. 
“We can go on down.” Abby cleared her throat. “To the waiting lounge.” She led the way. Darryl and Clara walked behind her hand in hand. 
Maddie started after them and felt a warm hand touching against hers. She turned to give Alex a weak smile as she held onto his hand tightly. 
“Did you eat anything?” 
“Had some of Tara’s leftover fries.” She mumbled as they walked down the quiet hallway, staring out the windows at the dark sky above. It looked as if the stars had all faded away. 
“Want to go grab something at a restaurant for everyone?” he whispered. “To bring back here?” 
“That’d be good.” Maddie nodded. “Abby needs something. I’m sure Darryl and Clara haven’t eaten either. I’ll go with you.” She smiled back. “That’s really sweet of you. Thanks.” 
“You don’t have to thank me.” He kissed her lightly on the cheek. “Just take care of yourself.” 
Alex and Maddie left the hospital once Jay was back in surgery, there were plenty of restaurants right down the hill from the hospital, so they wouldn’t be gone long. The surgery was going to take quite a while anyway, and there was nothing any of them could do besides waiting for time to creep by. 
“I thought I’d go to the place at the bottom of the hill.” Maddie pulled out of the parking lot of the hospital. “They have specials on mini-burgers, you can get a couple dozen for less than twenty bucks.” 
“Sounds good.” He got some money out of his wallet. 
“I can help.” 
“You can hush.” He grinned while laying a couple bills in her lap. He reclined the seat back a little farther. 
“Do you have your medicine with you?” she winced as she hit a bump in the road a little too fast. 
“Yeah, it’s in the dash. I’ll take some when we eat. I’ll need it, riding with you.” 
“Glad to see you haven’t lost your charm.” She smiled. Her hand left the gearshift and patted his knee. Alex, who had his eyes closed, opened one to peer over at her curiously. 
“Are you feeling all right?” 
“Yes, I’m taking baby steps I suppose.” She turned into the restaurant’s parking lot. 
Alex’s voice took on a playful tone, as if he was talking to an infant. “Come on baby…” 
Maddie giggled, looking over at his face, half-asleep yet still smiling evilly. “Let’s go.” She got out of the car,, unable to come up with a witty enough response to that. 
They placed their order; the cashier’s eyes widened when Maddie ordered four-dozen mini-burgers…but they were feeding five people and it never hurt to have leftovers to snack on for later. Especially since everyone would be at the hospital until the wee hours of the morning. They took a seat in one of the booths while they waited for their food to be prepared. A local radio station played in the speakers that were overhead. Rock music from the eighties filled the air as Alex bobbed his head to the side along with the electric guitar.
“You’re getting silly from all the exhaustion.” 
He started quietly singing along, mouthing out the words to the chorus. “I totally agree.” He nodded once the guitar solo started again. 
“What did Darryl want earlier?” 
“Hmm? 
Maddie grinned as he tried to lip synch along with the singer’s high-pitched screams. “You were talking to Darryl earlier. What did he want?” 
“Oh… talking about last night or the night before last. What’s today again?” 
“Monday. I think.” 
“Yeah, he was wanting to go over a few things, no big deal.” 
“Oh. I thought he was going to wait and have us to come into the station later on. At least that’s what he told me.” She shrugged. “I don’t know, my brain is mush right now anyway.” 
He rested his elbows on the table. “It’s nothing to worry about.” He tried assuring her once more for good measure. The longer he could hold off on telling her, the better. “Sorry for acting so silly.” 
“No, you’re fine.” 
“I thought it may help to get your mind off everything else.” 
“It has.” She touched his hands, rubbing her fingers along his. 
He took her hand and kissed the back of it. “It’s going to get better love.” 
“You can’t always be so sure of that.” 
“No. I can’t say whether or not Jay will pull through. But you and I will.” She met his eyes and gave him a weak smile. “I promise you that. I’m going to make things right between us.” 
Maddie shook her head in confusion. “Why do you act like this is your fault? I’m the one with the problem…you can’t fix me.” They were interrupted when the food was brought to the table, forty-eight mini-burgers in plastic bags along with fries. “Um…thank you.” Alex stared at the food strangely.
“What in bloody hell did you order?” he asked as they carried the bags to the car. 
“What? There’s five people!” 
“Americans and their food.” He muttered. 
“I heard that!” 
  
They arrived back at the hospital, with no news yet of Jay’s condition. Abby paced the floor, constantly staring down the hallway toward the operating room, waiting anxiously for Tara or the surgeon to give them an update. Everyone tried to get her to eat with no luck. No one was able to eat much at that point, but they all forced themselves to in order to keep their strength up. The lack of sleep and starvation was about to make everyone reach their breaking point.
Around forty-five minutes after the surgery began, Tara came out to talk with them. Jay was doing exceptionally well but he still had a long way to go. She assured them the surgeon was very pleased with how things were looking and was very positive at that point that Jay would recover fine. This news eased the tension a great deal, Abby even managed to eat one of the tiny burgers after that. 
The hours crept by in the quiet waiting room. A couple of other families were there, in their own little huddles waiting for their own news. Several televisions were bolted to the walls throughout the room, all of them were on though no one seemed to be interested. They were basically there to make noise and kill the silence. Either Tara or one of the other nurses would come out to update them every half hour, each time the news kept getting better. Jay was pulling through surgery flawlessly. The biggest relief of all was when the surgeon finally came out, letting them know that it was over, and Jay was resting peacefully.
His vitals had even started to improve. So well in fact that once he was out in recovery, they would be able to take him off life support safely. He let them know that they would be able to see him within another half hour. Everyone thanked him, Abby hugged the older man with the biggest smile on her face, crying tears of joy for once. 
While waiting for Jay to come out of recovery, Maddie slipped a throw blanket around her shoulders that the assistants at the hospital had given out to everyone waiting in the lounge. She walked over to Alex who was sitting in the back corner on the sectional sofa, curled up with his own blanket. He smiled when he saw her, pulling the edge of it aside so that she could sit beside him. 
“I can’t believe he’s okay. I just can’t get over it. It’s amazing.” 
Alex wrapped his arm around her as they snuggled under all the warmth. “I told you he’s a fighter.” 
“I can’t wait to see him.” 
“I know. Me too.” He kissed her forehead, Maddie looked up into his eyes. 
“I’m sorry I’ve been so distant.” 
“You don’t have to apologize…” 
“I know but---I shouldn’t have been.” She leaned up to touch his face. Pulling it closer to hers while they sank down into the sofa pillows and oversized blankets, hidden from everyone else. 
Alex leaned over and kissed her, not sure if that was what she was wanting at first, but quickly realized he’d made the right decision. Maddie pressed against his sweet soft lips, wishing they had shed at least one of the blankets. The normally freezing hospital lounge was heating up very fast. He didn’t want to stop but they both knew if this kept going they would have to end up leaving if they didn‘t.
”Now, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” 
“Only the end.” She leaned closer for more when Alex stopped her, noticing that the others were leaving the lounge. 
“He must be out, we better go on.” He told her as they got out of the tangled mess of blankets. 
“There you two are.” Clara smiled as Alex and Maddie approached, they were a few minutes behind everyone else getting to the recovery room. “He’s doing so well. He’s waking up!” 
“Really?” Maddie exclaimed as they followed her back toward the room. 
“Barely…he hasn’t said anything yet, but his eyes are opening.” 
They walked inside; Abby was huddled over Jay, talking quietly to him while holding his hand. Trying to get a response as Clara rejoined Darryl at the foot of the bed. 
Maddie and Alex walked around to the other side of the bed; they could see Jay’s eyelids twitching to the noise, his mouth trying to move so he could speak. 
“Abs?” Very quietly, the sound came from Jay’s lips. Anyone else may not have been able to understand him, but everyone in the room knew what he had said and was all rejoicing when they heard it. 
“Yes baby, I’m here.” Abby leaned in closer, crying once again. 
“Abby?” he spoke again,, this time loud and clear as his eyes opened up. 
 “I’m right here, I never left you.”
Jay stared at her confused. “What happened?” 
“Um… you left us for a little bit, but you’re okay now. Good as new.” Jay stared at her, still deeply confused and in a daze from all the medication. He couldn’t remember much of anything, didn’t have a clue where he was. But there was one thing that had been replaying over and over in his mind. 
“Maddie?” he spoke up, looking around frantically. 
“She’s right there beside you.” Abby assured him as Jay turned his head. 
Maddie squeezed his hand. “I’m right here.” 
“You’re okay!” 
“Yes.” She laughed along with everyone else. “Yes, I’m okay sweetie.” 
Jay’s eyes went up to Alex’s face then quickly back to Maddie’s, full of concern, he focused on her necklace. 
“Phoenix.” 
“Phoenix!” he said again, this time in a demanding tone as he squeezed her hand tightly. 
Alex glanced over at Darryl, who turned to look at Abby. “Maybe we shouldn’t discuss too much right now.” 
“Jay…Look honey we’ll talk about everything later. You’ve been through a lot these past couple of days.” 
“No!” Jay practically shouted. “He’s after you Maddie.” 
“I know. “It’s okay now Jay. It’s over.” 
“Did he hurt you?” 
Maddie bit her lip. “I’m fine.” She smiled. “You don’t have anything to worry about now.” 
“Well did we get him? Is he in jail?” Jay moved around so much that Abby began placing her hands on his arm so that he wouldn’t pull the IV loose. 
“Lewis is dead, son.” Darryl patted him on the leg from the foot of the bed. “Like Maddie said, you don’t have to worry about that no more.” 
Jay looked around at everyone before lying back against the pillow again. “He’s dead?” 
Maddie spoke up. “Alex shot him.” 
Jay’s eyes met Alex’s again, a little less concerned than before. “Looks like you made it out all right.” 
“Alex helped save your life.” Darryl added. 
“Yeah…” Jay slightly nodded while images from the dark barn flashed through his mind. “Glad you had my back.” 
“Always will.” Alex smiled back at him. 
Everyone stayed around a few minutes more, still too excited over Jay’s recovery to leave, But Jay insisted or more so demanded that everyone go home and rest. The only person who didn’t give in was Abby but, he knew he’d be fighting a losing battle with her. Alex and Maddie arrived back at the loft late Tuesday evening. Maddie once again felt like it had been ages since she had seen her home. She went to change clothes while Alex crashed on the couch.
“I think the bed would be more comfortable.” She told him, standing in her doorway while he grinned sleepily back at her. “And I doubt I’d be able to throw you over my shoulder…” 
“You’re probably strong enough, you’re just too short.” He smiled as Maddie slid down onto his lap facing him. He opened one eye up and looked at her as she leaned closer to him, kissing him lightly before backing away. 
“You’re not tired are you?” 
Alex seemed to be ignoring her as he took a moment to look at his watch, pressing buttons. “Nah.” he smiled back now wide-awake. “I think I can hold up, got an adrenaline rush all of the sudden.” 
He pulled Maddie closer to him as they started kissing once more, stopping only for a moment to remove his shirt. 
Maddie finally got up, as it was getting difficult to remove any more clothing while sitting on the couch. She pulled him in the direction of her room. Once inside he picked her up off the floor, holding her tightly in his arms. 
They fell atop the bed, his fingers laced around hers while pressing her hands against the bed so that she couldn’t move, as if she wanted to at the moment. All the fear and disgust over all that Daniel had done to her, all of that seemed so far away now. Alex was her only and he was doing an incredible job at holding all of her attention. 
 

 Chapter Fifteen 
 
Several hours later, Alex was up wandering around the loft while Maddie slept peacefully, he stood at the doorway, staring at her for the longest time. Trying to think of a way to stay with her forever. There wasn’t any way he could turn away from her now; He couldn’t bear the thought of it. He considered waking her up and confessing to everything. Sure, that could end up being the worst decision he had ever made, but if they were going to stay together, she would have to know the truth. The sound of his phone ringing interrupted his thoughts, and he raced over to answer it before Maddie woke up.
 
“What’s going on man?” he asked, seeing that Jett was calling.
 
“I was fixin’ to ask you the same thing.” Jett’s replied quietly. 
 
“Wait,” Alex stopped and looked at his watch. “Aren’t you at the base?” 
 
“I’ve gone AWOL.” 
 
“What? Why?” 
 
“Not my idea.” He implied that Alex should know why. “They kidnapped me from the base, got past damn military security. We’re dealing with the real shit this time man, they got some crazy ass guys working for em’ now. So…” he paused taking a breath. “What the hell did you do to piss them off?” 
 
“Where are you at now?” 
 
“Stop pussyfooting’ Alex, answer me.” 
 
“I’m not.” Alex turned and walked out to the garage so that Maddie wouldn’t hear if she woke up. “I’m not, you said they kidnapped you?”
 
“Cowboy and Shawn got me out. We’re hiding out right now, it’s been a crazy twenty-four hours. Now would you mind telling us why we’re running for our lives? Did you get Lewis what he wanted or not?” 
 
“Kind of.” 
 
“Alex…” 
 
“Daniel is dead.” He blurted out. “Things got out of control. I had to take him down.” 
 
“Shit.” Jett muttered to himself. “Okay… that explains a lot.” 
 
“Look, I’m sorry…” 
 
“Don’t worry about that. We didn’t know why we were being hunted down. Now we do.” 
 
“How bad is it?” 
 
“You killed their leader Alex.” He replied with a dark sarcastic laugh. “In their eyes you’re still one of them, we all are. So, you’ve killed one of your own. I shouldn’t have to tell you how bad it is.” 
 
“Do you need me to call some of the other guys?” 
 
“The other guys already know. What we need is you out here.” Jett interrupted him. 
 
“I can’t---“
 
“They want you. If you don’t come to them, they’ll be after you and everyone else.” Jett sighed. “I know she’s cute, but she’s safer without you A.” 
 
“You think I don’t already know that.” Alex replied grimly. “All right.” 
 
“Are you leaving now?” 
 
“I can’t just up and leave, not like this, give me a few days to come up with something.” 
 
“A few days? Brother, we don’t have a few days.” 
 
He paced back to the door, trying his best to stay quiet. “I’m in over my head here mate, the Chief of Police already knows far too much. If Maddie gets suspicious, she’ll start looking into things. It’s too risky, for everyone.” 
 
Alex could hear Jett discussing things with the others. “Tomorrow.” Jett finally replied. “Can you head out in the morning? We can probably hold them off for that long, but I’m not sure about any longer than that.” 
 
“I can do that.” He breathed a sigh of relief although it wasn’t much of a relief at all. “I owe you guys.” 
 
“Yeah, you do.” Jett managed to laugh.
 
“I’ll be there, I promise.”
 
“Stay in touch.” 
 
Alex’s fist banged against the concrete wall of the garage. He had no idea how he would pull this off or how he was going to come up with the strength to leave her behind like this. At least Jay was doing better; at least he didn’t have to leave her while she was in such a miserable state. At least she was feeling better now. Alex cursed to himself when he thought about how Maddie was finally coming back around and acting like her old self again and he couldn’t stay.
 
His mind went back to the option of confessing to her. Maybe he could explain what was going on. At least some of it. Just enough to get her to understand. But Alex knew he shouldn’t go down that road. She’d only want to leave with him, and he wasn’t ready to expose all the skeletons in his closet to her at once. He walked back inside and packed a few of his things to take along. He was about to wake her when he saw that she was already up, groggily walking around with her favorite gray t-shirt on.
 
“You should have woke me up.” She smiled walking over to him, wrapping her arms around him in a hug. 
 
Thoughts of how she would react to the news of him leaving raced through his mind as she held onto him. Alex didn’t know when he could return, or if he’d even have the opportunity to come back to her at all. He went against his better judgement, to keep his secrets to himself, and make the most of the rest of the time they had together. 
 
“You looked exhausted.” He laughed a little. “I was about to wake you up anyway.” 
 
“Is everything okay?” she looked up at him and didn’t like the look on his face. 
 
“Not really.” He stalled while looking around the room. "I got a phone call, it was from back home. They… um, they need me to help out on a case, the one I was working on before I left. It was a homicide case, we thought we had the right guy, turns out we don’t.” he stopped when he realized he was talking extremely fast. “They need me there to help out. It was my case. I had the most information on the guy.”
 
Maddie nodded understandably. She wondered why he seemed so concerned. Of course, she didn’t want him to go, but did he think she wouldn’t understand? It was his job, his duty to go help them out. She would have to do the same if the tables were turned. 
 
“Okay, so when are you leaving?” 
 
“I told them I’d head back in the morning.” 
 
“Are you all right to travel or go back to work though?” she asked, hoping to find some excuse that would make him stay. 
 
“I should be fine, I’ll be sitting on a plane love. Then probably at a desk for the next week or so, I’ve explained to them about my injuries.”
 
Maddie felt her heart fall to her stomach as it all sank in quickly, she wasn’t expecting him to have to go back home so fast and definitely wasn’t mentally prepared for it. “Okay then.” 
 
“I’m so sorry, I know you’ve had so much on you, I hate leaving you like this.” 
 
“Alex. Don’t worry about it. Jay is doing better, I’m better. I understand that you have a job and…” she paused and wondered how she could have any more tears left. “You have a home back in New York. You have a life there. I knew this day would come. I just didn’t think it would be so soon.”
 
“Whoa wait…” he stopped her. “You think I’m going back to stay? For good?” 
 
“Why wouldn’t you?”. She was wallowing in pity again, but she didn’t care at the moment how childish she was acting. 
 
He pulled her close and buried his face into her hair, kissing the side of her neck. Maddie could only focus on the agonizing torture she would go through without him. “Because I have you to come back to.” He whispered.
 
Maddie hugged him tightly, taking a deep breath. She had to suck it up and be strong, after everything she had gone through over the past few days, surely she could handle being without him for a little while. She pulled away from him, giving him a forced smile while wiping her eyes. “I could go with you.” She immediately regretted her words when she saw the frantic look on his face. “Oh God, that was very clingy wasn’t it? I’m sorry, I’m really not like that, I don’t know why I even said it.”
 
“It’s ok love. I know you’re not.” He smiled at her rambling. “It’s just, it could be dangerous.” 
 
“You keep forgetting I’m a cop too.” 
“No… no, It‘s not that. I just got you out of one dangerous clusterfuck, there’s no need of getting you right back in another.” 
 
She rolled her eyes and walked over to the kitchen. “I don’t understand why you keep acting like it was your fault.” 
 
He was glad she had her back to him and couldn’t see the look on his face. “Also, I would be really busy.” He desperately tried changing the subject. “We wouldn’t have much time together.”
 
“It’s fine.” She smiled and stopped him. “I can survive without you here for a few days.” Maddie was trying to convince herself she was right while ignoring the annoying stinging in her eyes. 
 
“Come here.” He hugged her again. “We have the rest of today before I leave.” He was trying his best to stay positive. “Jay’s doing better, the case is over, I say we make the most of it.” He wiped away her tears. “For starters, no more crying, agreed?” 
 
She nodded. “At least not until after you’re gone.” 
 
“Fair enough. Now, how about that date I promised you?” 
 
“I’d be fine with just lying in bed until you leave, really.” She laughed a little as he kissed her forehead. She was being honest, but she knew he wanted to do something special with her. “I don’t have to wear heels again do I?” 
 
“Not if you don’t want to, what do you have in mind?” 
 
Maddie thought for a moment, it was still early enough in the day. “Let me make a phone call.” 
 
About a half hour later they arrived at Darryl and Clara’s. Maddie hurried up the front steps of the old house as Alex stayed a few steps behind. Darryl greeted the from the porch as they walked up. 
 
“Keys are on the table.” Darryl told Maddie as she went inside, talking to Clara on her way. He looked up at Alex from his newspaper. “Maddie says you’re heading back to New York for a few days.”
 
Alex’s gaze went from the old screen door where he saw Maddie inside, out of earshot, then back to Darryl. 
 
“That’s not where you’re going.” Alex shook his head and took a seat beside him.
 
“My old bosses, they weren’t too thrilled with me killing Lewis.” 
 
“Mmmhmm.” Darryl laid his paper down on the table. 
 
“They’re threatening some of my friends. Old classmates," He continued. “I need to go meet up with them. Find out what’s going on. I’m sure they’re still pursuing Maddie as well.” 
 
“Does she know anything at all?” 
 
“Nothing yet.” 
 
“Are you planning on telling her?” 
 
Alex turned to look the older man in the eye. “I didn’t want to ruin what time we have left.” 
 
Darryl nodded, taking Maddie’s past behavior into consideration. The last thing any of them needed was for her to find out and try to solve this thing all on her own. “Will you keep an extra set of eyes on her?”
 
“How many are we talking about exactly?” Darryl asked wearily. 
 
“As many as you can spare.” Alex replied quietly as he could see the fear growing in Darryl’s eyes. They could hear Maddie and Clara talking inside and knew they’d have to cut their conversation short.
 
“Are you sure not telling her is the best thing to do?” Darryl asked him. 
 
“It would completely destroy her right now if I did.” 
 
“I understand that, believe me, I do. But is it for the best?” 
 
Alex could feel a lump forming in his throat as he spoke. “If you only had less than a day left to spend with your wife, not knowing if you’d have a chance to return to her, what would you do?” 
 
“Ready to go?” Maddie stepped out the front door, smiling while loaded down with fishing gear and the keys to Darryl’s pickup. Clara handed off a bag to Alex filled with sandwiches and snacks for them to eat. 
 
“Have a good time.” Darryl told them. “Keep her safe.” 
 
Maddie laughed. “We’re just going fishing Chief.” she started toward the truck, shaking her head at the absurdity as Alex gave him a last look back. 
 
“I always will.” 
 
After Maddie and Alex left, Darryl and Clara went to visit Jay at the hospital. Darryl wanted to check up on him but also had concerns about how Jay reacted when he first came back around. He wanted to find out if Jay figured out anything about Alex’s past. 
 
“Have you talked to Maddie today?” Jay asked after giving Clara a hug. 
 
Darryl took a seat in the chair beside him. “Yeah, Alex is heading back to New York tomorrow. They need him to help finish up a case.” 
 
“So, I take it she’s back to her old self again.” Jay replied wearily. 
 
“No, actually they stopped by and took the truck out to the fishing hole.” 
 
“She went fishing?” he looked over at Abby who was smiling as well. “She’s not gone fishing since…”
 
“Since Ethan was here.” Abby interrupted. 
 
“They wanted to make the most of today.” Darryl smiled. 
 
“I’m so glad he’s brought our Maddie back to us.” Clara added. “He’s such a sweet boy.” 
 
“He is, he really is.” Abby added in. 
 
“So, he’s headed back to New York.” Jay gave Darryl a knowing look. 
 
“That’s what he said.” 
 
Jay glanced over at Abby and then back toward Clara as Abby simply nodded. 
 
“I have to head back for my shift.” She picked up her bag. “Clara, Betsy down at the front desk in ER has been asking about you.” 
 
“Oh, I haven’t talked to her in ages.” She exclaimed. “I need to go catch up with her. I’ll be back sugar.” She patted Jay’s leg. 
 
“All right Ma.” He gave Abby a kiss before they left the room. 
 
“You think he’s headed back to New York?” Jay asked as the door closed. 
 
“He told me he’s not. His former bosses aren’t happy that he killed Lewis. He said they went after his friends, he’s going to help them out.” 
 
“Former bosses?” 
 
“I questioned him, after I talked to Elliot who told me everything he could. He didn’t tell you anything?” 
 
“No, but I kinda put a few things together after they ambushed us. Figured he wasn’t an ordinary cop when I saw him rip a guy’s throat out with his hands.” 
 
Darryl’s eyes widened at that. “He’s a trained assassin, Lewis was too.” 
 
“They were working together.” Jay suddenly realized his darkest assumptions about Alex were true. 
 
“Yeah, Daniel was the one who sent him here.” Immediately, he regretted saying that as Jay attempted to get out of the hospital bed. “Son, it’s not like that.” 
 
“Is she in trouble Dad?” 
 
“Maybe, but Alex isn’t the threat. He cares about her. He’s trying to protect her from all this.” 
 
“You’re sure about this?” 
 
Darryl exhaled as Jay seemed to settle his emotions back down. “He talked to me today, if you saw the look on his face.” He shook his head. “No, I’m not worried about Alex hurting her.” 
 
“Then what do we need to do?” 
 
“I’m putting all the guys I can spare out there to keep an eye on her. Just keep her in the dark. He doesn’t want her to know about it yet. If she finds out, you know she’ll be following right behind him.” 
 
 
Maddie was behind the wheel as they headed down a back road for a few miles before turning down an even more secluded gravel road with no houses in sight. The green leaves from the towering trees above shrouded over their rugged path like a huge green canopy that became even more vibrant with the midday sun shining behind it. 
 
Alex turned to look through the back window as they continued driving for what seemed like an eternity. “How far back are we going?” 
 
“These country roads go on forever city boy.” She grinned before narrowly attempting to dodge a hole. 
 
Alex grasped the dash. “Is this what they call the boonies?” 
 
“Not exactly. The boonies are filled with these little pig trails and curves so sharp you have to kiss your own ass to get around them.”
 
“I have no idea what you just said.” 
 
“Chips and crisps love, we’re even.” She smiled over at him. “We’re almost there. Hopefully, there’s not a lot of mud. Might get stuck.” she slowed the truck down to a crawl. 
 
“Maddie.” Alex warned, looking ahead at the disastrous looking muddy path in front of them that was between them and the lake.
 
“We can make it.” Confidently, she eased the truck forward. They were doing fine until they reached the very worst part and Maddie didn’t realize there was a slight hole hidden under the huge mud puddle. 
 
“Okay.” She sighed after giving the old truck gas and it wouldn’t budge.
 
“City boy told you so.” 
 
“Just get out and help me push.” They walked to the back of the truck. They tried pushing it but weren’t getting anywhere. 
 
“Go on up and give it some gas, I’ll push.” 
 
“Alex, you don’t need to do this by yourself.” 
 
“I’m not, you’re giving it gas, go. Go on.” He persisted as she finally got back in the driver’s seat. She thought she heard him say something as the truck eased forward a little right before she started the engine. The truck then jolted forward as it finally made its way out of the puddle. 
 
“The truck’s a mess but we can take it to the car wash.” She looked it over before she noticed Alex standing next to tailgate, now covered in mud. Quickly, Maddie covered her mouth. 
 
Alex’s expression went from displeased to intrigued as he quickly walked toward her. “That water looks cold.” He pointed out as Maddie threw her hands out toward him in defense. 
 
“It’s freezing, Alex no, don’t! I’m sorry! Don’t---” her protests were useless as he was already charging toward her with a huge smile on his face. He picked her up, throwing her on his shoulder as he headed to the water. 
 
“The water is deeper than it looks.” She screamed out amidst the laughter as they sank down into the frigid lake water. He let her go as they both went in over their head. 
 
Coming up for air, she glared over at him, part of her wanted to smack him while the other half was longing for something else entirely. 
 
“It is a bit nippy innit?” he wiped his eyes, laughing at her before grabbing her face with his hands. Maddie pulled him closer to her as they kissed, wrapping her legs around his waist before laying her head over on his shoulder. 
 
“I know I sound like a spoiled brat, but I don’t care. I don’t want you to go.” 
 
“It’s only a few days. I promise I’ll be back.” 
“I don’t have a good track record with boyfriends who promise to come back.” Alex continued to hold on to her as he made his way out of the water onto the bank. Maddie slid down as they removed their soaked shirts and pants.
 
“I shouldn’t have said that.” Maddie spoke up “That’s not on you. It wasn’t fair for me to say it.” 
 
He walked over to hug her. “It’s okay love, this isn’t easy on me either you know?” 
 
“It would be great if Daniel was telling the truth. I could take the money and we could both quit our jobs, run off to some random island somewhere.” She held onto him tighter. He wished she hadn’t brought that up. “Maybe I should do some investigating while you’re gone. That’ll keep my mind off things.”
 
“What type of investigating?” 
 
“I don’t know, maybe find out if there was any truth to what he said.” They walked back to the truck to get the fishing gear out and took a seat on a pair of rocks near the lake. 
 
“There’s some of my Dad’s files at the station I’ve never looked at." She continued. “Darryl has tried to keep them from me, or well, he’s clarified that he doesn’t want me to see them.” 
 
“May be for a good reason.” 
 
“You sound just like him, no wonder he likes you.” She said as he laughed. “I feel like there’s more to the story, something I’m missing. Even if Daniel was bullshitting me about the money, things don’t seem to add up.” She cast her line out into the water as they sat in silence for a while. They both had so many things on their minds they were unsure about sharing. 
 
“It might be best to wait until I get back to look into all that love. Or at least wait until Jay is well enough to help out.” He tried to backpedal his words when she glared over at him. “You know he wouldn’t approve of you getting into anything dangerous all on your own.” 
 
“That’s why I need to do it while he’s still hospitalized. I’m just planning on looking over some old documents, maybe search the station’s database. I’m not going on some wild goose chase with no backup. I may not know what I’m up against but I’m not stupid.” 
 
“I know you’re not love, it’s only…” he tried to put his words together without exposing too much. “The guys that kidnapped Jay and I that night. They couldn’t have been just working for Daniel. I feel like there was something much bigger going on. Whether there’s any truth about the money or not, if these people believe it exists that’s all they need to come after you.” 
 
“I’ve realized that.” 
 
Alex sighed, knowing his request was about to fall on deaf ears. “Promise me you won’t do anything reckless while I’m away.” 
 
Maddie shook her head. “I won’t do anything reckless.” She replied. Since she didn’t feel like her plans to investigate her Dad’s past was reckless, she wasn’t technically lying. 
 
 
The fish weren’t biting that evening, so they cut their time at the lake short and headed back to the loft. They stopped to wash Darryl’s truck on the way home, taking in every last second of their last day together, pausing to take a few pictures to stare back at in the days to come.
 
So many times Alex wanted to come up with something to tell her, and every time he started to speak up, he felt a darkness come over him. A feeling that was practically pleading with him to not do it. He knew she’d be in more danger if she found out. 
 
The garage was silent after the engine of the pickup shut off. Maddie grabbed the plastic bag of snacks they had left and walked toward the door to the apartment as Alex walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her in an embrace while kissing the side of her neck. The bag fell down to the floor as Maddie fumbled with the lock to go inside. 
 
“I need a shower.” He was still holding onto her as they walked in the door. 
 
“I think we both need one.”
 
“That works too.” 
 
The soaked and muddy lake clothes left a trail from the door to the shower. Although it had been a dark cloud over her head the entire day, right then, at that moment, it was resonating with Maddie that this could all end in an instant. No matter how many times he said he would come back to her, she didn’t have much hope. 
 
It was killing her to think that things were going so well for them at that moment, yet it would all be over by morning. And there was nothing she could do to stop it. Every single touch, every kiss, every time he whispered something in her ear as the water poured down from the showerhead, made her wish she had the power to stop time. 
 
The heartbreaking part of it all was that she didn’t realize he felt the same way, or even worse. While Maddie’s fears of him never returning were mostly because of her lack of self-confidence or ongoing anxiety, Alex was truly wondering if he could ever return. He would meet up with Vance and Renier soon, and the outcome of that meeting would determine if he’d ever be able to see Maddie again. 
 
He wiped her face as they got out of the shower, noticing for the first time she’d been crying again. Maddie couldn’t tell for sure if it was the water from the shower or if he’d actually been doing the same. Alex wrapped a towel around her, picking her up and cradling her in his arms as they walked into his room. As she laid down on the bed she reached over to pick up her phone from the nightstand.
 
“Bored already?” 
 
“Just getting some music.” She smiled as a love song played. 
 
“You made a playlist?” he took the phone from her and looked through the songs. “There’s a lot of British singers on here.” 
 
“I hadn’t noticed.” She grinned and took her phone back, leaning up to secretly snap a photo of him lying on the bed when her flash went off. 
 
“Do I get to take a naughty picture too?” 
 
“What? You’re covered up, it’s not a naughty picture.” She exclaimed while he already had his phone in hand. “Alex, don’t…”
“No one will see it.” 
 
She sighed in defeat while lying back down on the bed. “See you’re supposed to turn the flash off if you don’t want someone to know about it.” He joked as she rolled her eyes and took his phone away, lying it back on the table and pulling him closer to her. 
 
“I don’t want to forget a single thing about you.” She smiled as he kissed her again. Maddie tried to stay focused on him, but her mind was wandering. In a way, she felt like she was overreacting. He said he was coming back, he was only going to see about a case, once that was over, he’d be back there with her. There was nothing to worry about. They could spend every night like this forever.
 
But then the dreadful thoughts filled her mind. What if she was right? What if she was cursed to have everyone she loved to leave her and never return? He was working on a homicide case, going after someone who was not mentally stable and would do everything they could to stay out of prison. Cops die all the time when involved with cases like this, what if he didn’t survive it? 
 
She held onto him tighter as she started to panic but didn’t say a word. Not wanting to take away from the present moment. She opened her eyes and touched his face. “I love you.” 
 
“Love you too.” He leaned down to kiss her again as she tried to push all the negative thoughts to the back of her mind. 
 
The next morning, they woke up after very little sleep, had a quick breakfast and prepared for his departure. Alex was loading the last of his bags into the back of the rental car as Maddie walked over to him. 
 
“All packed.” He looked over at her with a sad attempt of a smile as she nodded, not wanting to speak because she knew what would happen next. 
 
“How long will it take you to get there?” 
 
“Couple hours.” He shrugged, then realized she may try to call. “Don’t freak out if I’m unable to call you straightaway. I’ll have to head to the station right after I land.” 
 
“I’m not clingy remember?” 
 
“It’s okay to be a little clingy.” He smiled and pulled her into his arms. “I don’t want you to worry. This guy we’re after, he’s smart. He may try to trace our calls and…” 
 
She backed away a little. “I understand Alex, we’ve already dealt with one psychopath together.” He couldn’t help wondering how many more they’d have to face. “You keep forgetting I’m a cop, I must be bad at it hm?” 
 
“I haven’t forgotten. And you’re not bad at it.” He opened the driver’s side door. “You’re brave and smart and…. perfect.” he paused before getting inside. “I was wrong to yell at you about the hostage situation.” 
 
Maddie wiped her eyes. “I was wrong to throw a Mason jar at your head.” 
 
“When did you do that?” 
 
“Right as you closed the door.” 
 
“Oh… okay.” He laughed. “I’ll remember not to make you angry with glasses lying around then.” He hugged her once again. “Glad to see you smiling before I go.” 
 
“It’s not going to do me any good to beg you to stay at this point?” she squeezed him tighter. 
 
Alex stared at her face sadly, he had to leave her, and she’d be safer that way. But he was breaking her heart and tearing his out in the process. “I’ll call you.” 
 
“You better.” 
 
“This isn’t…” Alex touched her face, wiping the tears from her face. “This isn’t the end love.” 
 
“I know.” Her voice didn’t sound as convincing. 
 
“I’ll be back. I promise.” He kissed her lightly, not as passionate as before. He couldn’t allow himself to let it go that far this time. He’d end up losing all control and staying there with her. 
 
He rolled down the window after he finally got into the car and started the engine. “Stay out of trouble.” He winked. 
 
“Stay alive.” She replied. 
 
“Love you.” 
 
“Love you too.” She told him before the garage door opened and he drove away, leaving her staring at the red taillights until they were out of her sight. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Epilogue
 
Somewhere near the U.S./Mexican border….
“Fellas, listen, I don’t know anything about the new policies you’re referring to, but I’m sure I can find a way to make this problem disappear.” 
Angus Sheppard flashed his charismatic smile that always seemed to get him out of sticky situations in the past. Only the two burly border patrolmen were not amused as they glared back at him in silence. Was this idiot actually attempting to bribe them?
“How ‘bout I let you think about it? Okay? Great. Excuse me.” He exhaled in relief as his phone rang. 
“Hey, yeah, I was about to call you.” He was walking quickly, putting plenty of space between him and the border patrol as he talked. “Look, things aren’t going well here with the transports, I thought you said you handled this.” 
“Angus there’s something I have to tell you.” Renier interrupted him. His tone wasn’t as demanding as it normally was when he would bark orders at him. 
“What’s up?” Angus replied, unsure if he really wanted to know. Renier calling him with sincerity in his voice wasn’t normal. 
“Your brother, he’s dead.” 
“Shit.” Angus came to a halt. He wasn’t necessarily shocked to hear the news. Daniel was involved in some crazy dangerous stuff lately. And the two were never what you would describe as close. “How? What happened?” 
“It seems Alex didn’t want to go along with the plans after all.” 
The small amount of sadness he felt for his estranged brother quickly turned into rage. “Alex did it?” 
“Yeah, so much for loyalty and honor.” Renier chuckled. “We’re going to need you to step in and take over the job.” 
“So, Alex is definitely out?” 
“Unless he’s willing to come back to us permanently, yes, he’s out.”
“Ok.” Angus looked around before getting into his car. “What do you need me to do?” 
“Vance is insisting that you try to get some information on the girl first before we make any knee-jerk decisions.” He replied with a heavy sigh. “Of course, you know how I feel about it.” 
“Right, I’ll head to Nashville now, see what I can do.” 
“You know the boys all feel like it would only be fitting for you to take over your brother’s role as the new leader.” 
“I’m not interested in that.” Angus replied without hesitation. The less involved he had to be with the Phoenix Soldiers, the better off he was. 
“It has its benefits son, just throwing it out there.” 
“Yeah, I can see that.” He thought about where those benefits got his brother. “I’ll be in touch.” He said ending the call and heading back toward Tennessee. 
Angus had only taken on a few jobs for Vance and Renier lately, mainly dealing with the distribution of illegal drugs at the border. He wasn’t interested in working for them full-time once again and definitely didn’t want to become the leader of this deranged group of assassins. Normally, he wouldn’t even agree to take on the job that he was heading to Tennessee to handle. 
But this wasn’t just another job. This was personal. And getting revenge against Alex was only part of it. 
Angus had a promise to keep, and no one would stop him from keeping it.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
