The Red Magician
By Rachel Hughes



Copyright 2013 Rachel Hughes
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved
This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogue are drawn from the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Image Copyright © 2013 Subbotina Anna. Used under license from Shutterstock.com
Cover design by Rachel Hughes
♠
License Notes
No part of this e-book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without the prior written permission of the copyright owner. Quotes in reviews are the exception. This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
Thank you for respecting the author's work.



Dedication
To my dad, who says he “isn’t a reader”, but still he managed to read my book twice. All the support and advice you’ve given me over the last few months kept me motivated.
To my friend, Sheryl, who believes that a zombie invasion is imminent. Thank you for everything. One last thing...you’re too colourful to ever be beige.



Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
About the Author



Prologue
The woman, exhausted to the core of her bones, used the last of her mental and physical energy to drive herself forwards. Sheer determination was the only thing that motivated her to carry on. She’d crossed sea and land to get here; she wouldn’t let the last few miles of forest defeat her.
It wasn’t just her own life forfeited if she failed in her mission.
Each of her legs felt like a solid weight had been tied to them. Her mouth, so dry, felt as though she’d swallowed sand. Her eyelids, so heavy, she just wanted to lay her head down for a moment and rest, but she knew she couldn’t. Her body screamed at her to stop even as her stomach growled a warning, a plea for food. She hadn’t eaten in days.
The cry of a forest animal made her gasp in surprise. Her heart pounded against her sweat covered tunic. Eyes wide, she searched the surrounding forest. Have they found me? she thought in panic. Am I too late?
When nothing emerged from the forest but a startled deer, the woman released an unsteady breath and carried on. It was paramount that no one followed her. If the hiding place was found, all would be lost.
The fading light from the ending day cast sinister shadows onto the forest, forcing her to frantically search every shade, every dark outline, wondering if a Dark One would step out and kill her where she stood. The wind was fierce, like a giant blowing a gale against her, trying to push her back, but still, she fought on.
She tripped and stumbled over an unseen tree stump. Catching herself with her free hand, she ignored the graze stinging it. Her only thought: the precious treasure she protected, bundled safely under her cloak. Pulling the material back, she sighed in relief upon seeing the baby unharmed, still sleeping peacefully in the crook of her arm. The infant’s cheeks were flushed with warmth and her tiny eyelashes flickered as she dreamt. Tears misted the woman’s eyes as she gave into temptation and gazed in wonder at the child for a few moments longer than necessary. Selfishly, she wanted to be able to call upon these memories once this was all over.
If all went to plan, she’d never see the child again after that night.
Time passed; she wasn’t sure how much. The moon cast the occasional ray of light through the lattice of leaves that spanned over head as far as the eye could see. The glow of creatures’ eyes watched her staggered progress from the undergrowth. Tonight, the moon was full. An omen, she believed, to signify the end of the child’s life with a new beginning.
The forest’s foliage became denser, forcing her to push her way through as thorns scratched at her cheeks and she absentmindedly wiped the beads of blood away with the back of her wrist. The woman cradled the child tighter as the baby stirred from her sleep.
The feel of the baby’s tiny limbs moving next to the woman’s skin made her long for a time when she’d carried the baby inside her, when all had seemed like a bright future.
All that had changed as soon as the child’s first cry had been heard by the world. Then, she’d known the child’s destiny would forever be tainted by darkness—unless the baby was hidden from it.
Soon, the light of the kingdom could be seen through the receding forest ahead. Shortly after, the sound of life reached her ears and she sighed in relief, giving thanks to the Goddess for seeing her and the child safely here.
Having to stick to the shadows of the buildings, the progress was slow before she finally reached the house. Knocking on the shabby door—flakes of rotten wood falling to the ground with the disturbance—she waited impatiently, glancing over her shoulder to check she hadn’t been seen or followed. No one could know where the child had come from. They had to believe she was one of them.
The door opened a few inches to reveal the curious eyes of a woman no older than she was. Upon seeing the person she’d been waiting up all night for, the woman quickly opened the door wide enough for the exhausted traveller to slip in, guiltily looking up and down the street before shutting the door silently behind her.
Entering the humble dwelling, the warmth of the fire called to her like a beacon and the weary traveller moved to stand in front of it, rocking the baby from side to side. Now that she was here, she found it impossible to do want she knew must be done. Sweeping the cloak over her shoulder, she marvelled at her treasure. Mesmerising eyes blinked up at her with such innocence it made her want to cry. In a time all new mothers should be celebrating, she was forced to hand her child over to a stranger. She fought against the encroaching exhaustion that threatened to close her eyes, desperate to memorise every single detail she possibly could; her slight weight, the softness of her skin, her beautiful blue eyes...and the child’s ruby-coloured hair.
“Evelyn,” the woman greeted, wiping her hands on her apron. Staring at Evelyn’s back move as she rocked the child, pity filled her. She prayed to the Goddess that she’d never have to face the same heartbreak Evelyn must be feeling. “I didn’t think you were going to make it.”
Still staring at her child, Evelyn murmured, “It was more difficult than we imagined.”
“Are you alone?”
She confirmed she was with a nod of her head. “The others stayed behind to give me more time to escape with her.”
“You must be exhausted,” she sympathised. “Can I get you some food? Water perhaps?”
Tempted though Evelyn was, there wasn’t time. “I thank thee, Maria, but no, I cannot stay long. Every moment longer I stay heightens the chance of them finding her. We can’t take that risk.”
Maria moved closer to the fire to see her face. “What do you need me to do?”
“Raise the child,” she instructed, looking deep into the woman’s eyes to convey the importance of what she said. “Raise her so she never doubts that she wasn’t born from this land. She must believe she was born with Atlainian blood.”
“I will,” Maria promised. “But, Evelyn, what do I do if they come for her?”
Evelyn swallowed with the sickness of that very thought, stroking her child’s face, drawing comfort that she was safe, for now. “If the Black Magicians discover were she’s hidden, I’ll come for her. We’ll come for her.” And if that day did come, both their worlds would bleed red with mortal and magical blood.
The time had come for her to rip out her own heart and leave it with this stranger. Taking a fortifying breath of courage, she approached the woman. Gently, like the baby was made from glass, she gave her to Maria.
As soon as Evelyn relinquished her, the child protested with a small cry. Her beautiful face scrunched up as she vetted out her frustration at being separated from her mother. Evelyn’s eyes burned as she fought to keep her emotions in check.
Her daughter voiced the feelings that Evelyn could not. She had to stay strong, otherwise she’d be tempted to snatch her child back and never let her go again. As soft as a butterfly’s wing, she kissed the little one’s forehead, inhaling the scent she knew she would never forget.
“Grow up strong, Katelyn,” she whispered, a single tear rolling down her cheek. “Don’t ever forget how precious you are.”
Giving Maria a nod of thanks and farewell, Evelyn left her daughter behind.



Chapter One
Twenty three years later...
Why is it I always seem to get myself into these types of situations?
Although I’d asked myself that question more times than I could remember, still my brain wouldn’t impart any gems of wisdom. It seemed I was destined to forever draw trouble, just like a dead body would draw flies.
“Thief,” the man exclaimed, again, to which I mentally rolled my eyes at how dramatic he was being. Granted, the man had been robbed, but couldn’t he act like a normal person and threaten me to get his possessions back?
The man continued to make accusations at the top of his lungs to anyone close enough to hear, drawing curious sideways glances from passers-by. I saw out of the corner of my eye that our heated discussion had started to draw a small crowd. The attention, I definitely wanted to avoid. When you lived in the slums, your motto was “keep your head down if you wanted to keep it.”
“Good Sir,” I interrupted what no doubt would have been a very convincing heart-wrenching story about how he didn’t have enough coins to feed his family. Obviously, I knew it for the lie it was. I’d heard speak of his gambling ways and how he made his wife work while he swindled away what little coin he did have. Plus, he had that look about him—shifty, shaky, a man in withdrawal from his addiction. “Could it be that you’re mistaken,” I pushed on before the man’s rant continued, “and it was someone else who took your purse? Perhaps you lost it or left it behind somewhere?”
He glared at me, not swayed in the least. “I’m not some half-wit who doesn’t know where he put his own coin, girl.”
I thought it best not to remark on the half-wit comment. “Maybe you lost your money on the card table? Word has it that you’re not the best card player,” I said sweetly, my tone implying it was an honest observation and not the slanderous allegation it actually was.
He puffed out his chest, clenching his fists. “Win or lose, I know how much I’ve got left in my pocket. One moment I had my purse, and the next it’s gone.” He pointed at the boy stood next to me. “And he was the only one around.” Turning his fierce expression on the boy in question, he threatened, “If you don’t give me back my coin, lad, I’ll be calling the Guard over and I’ll let them take it out of your hide. You deserve a good beating. It’ll teach you some respect.” He spat the word like it was a curse.
As if he had any idea what the word meant, I silently sneered. Respect had to be earned in my mind—this man couldn’t earn it if his life depended on it. No value, no revere and definitely no esteem; this man was the type of man scraped from the very bottom of the barrel. How could it be that a man like this be blessed with good fortune when the poor boy stood beside me had nothing but the clothes on his back?
Eyeing the boy, Troy, who barely reached my chest—lack of food tended to restrict a child’s size—I had to resist the urge to ruffle his shaggy, dishevelled hair. His face, smeared in mud, was so innocent even I could believe him blameless of the crime he was being accused of. His eyes were an open doorway and I saw a lost childhood in them, a child who’d seen the ugliness of the world much too young.
Of course, I knew the boy was guilty of stealing the man's purse—he had it tucked up his sleeve behind his back and I could see the tell-tale bulge. It felt as if it were everyday that Troy managed to get into one sticky situation or another. I didn’t know a less sneaky thief than he.
My mind raced, coming up with possible ways to get myself and Troy out of this downwards spiralling situation. More than once had I been in a situation such as this one. Only fast thinking and my ability to act innocent had saved me from having my back whipped until my skin split—the standard punishment for my sticky fingers.
Stepping behind young Troy, I placed my hands on his shoulders. “If you’re sure, perhaps you should search the boy?” I shrugged indifferently, deciding I’d play the dumb, innocent, young girl routine. Men tended to fall for it. Women on the other hand...
The child’s bony shoulders stiffened beneath my palms. He probably thought I’d decided to turn him over to the man. I squeezed them, trying to reassure him. I didn’t blame him for not trusting me. All the children like him didn’t trust easily.
A thief lived by three rules: diversion, deception and distraction. I pulled my hands away, and as I did, I retrieved the purse from up the boy’s sleeve, making sure to tightly squeeze the leather so the coins didn’t make a noise when I removed them. A slight slide of hand, a flick of my hair to distract the man, and the purse seamlessly slipped into my hands as the man watched, none the wiser.
The man, who obviously boasted more muscle than brains, nodded arrogantly, as if he’d come up with the idea to search the boy himself instead of some measly girl suggesting it first. He quickly strode forward and started to search the boy methodically, roughly, starting from his shoes and ending at his cuffs.
When he came up empty handed, he glared at both of us, threatening, “This isn’t over,” before marching away.
In the world we lived in, the choices were: kill or be killed. Not that I or the boy had ever killed anyone; it was simply a saying that grew more true. Desperation bred crime just like crime bred desperation.
The boy and I stood in silence whilst we watched the man stomp away, shouldering past anyone who wasn’t quick enough to get out of his way. He reminded me of an enraged bull charging through the crowd. I sincerely hoped he wasn’t going home to take it out on his wife. I knew men like him; the type that never took blame or responsibility for their own misdeeds, but instead punished anyone weaker than them. The man would always fail to notice that he was the weak one.
Soon after, the crowd of people surrounding us lost interest and scattered to go about their business.
“I didn’t need your help,” Troy huffed once the man was out of ear reach, wringing his muddy and grazed hands.
I playfully cuffed him under his chin. “Well, it certainly looked that way. If I hadn’t come across you just then, you’d have been locked in the stocks for days.”
He stubbornly pouted in reply but didn’t deny it.
I threw the stolen purse up into the air for the boy to catch. “Just be more careful next time.” Because even though I wished there wouldn’t have to be a next time, unless he wanted to starve, he’d be forced to take the risk.
He started to walk away with his head held high, too proud to admit he’d needed my help. Already I could see the man he was going to turn into—if he survived that long. Children like him tended to have short life expectancies. I blew out a slow breath, mournful.
“Bye, Troy,” I called after him sarcastically, trying to lighten my thoughts.
He turned and began to walk backwards. “Bye, Katelyn.” He waved the purse mischievously at me, ignoring my tone. I replied by rolling my eyes at him. I didn’t get a thank you; not that I’d been expecting one. Even though Troy was only a score of years old, he acted like the men twice his age, seeing it as an insult to his young, masculine pride to be saved by a woman. I shook my head, a small smile on my lips.
Continuing on my way, I noticed that the slums were already bustling with people despite the early hour of the day. The sun was only just visible above the distant horizon in the east, the new rays cast hazily over the awakening kingdom. Simmering heat rose off the desiccated dirt roads. The hot season felt at its hottest. Already, sweat beads ran down my back, collecting at the base of my spine. My long hair lay sticking to my neck, but at least it offered me some protection from being burnt by the sun. And the day only promised to get hotter before the sun reached its highest point in the midday sky.
I waved to the people I knew, and avoided the people I didn’t. The houses I passed were showing their age, the wood rotting, the roofs missing slates, and some shutters hung on by a single bolt—they’d probably cause an injury when they finally fell off. Like me and my family, other Slummers couldn’t afford the expense to maintain their homes to the best condition. The base of someone’s house had started to rot, and I guessed that the owner’s attitude had been the same as mine would have been: as long as the house was still standing, the wood could continue to rot. I cocked my head, surveying the insects I could just make out crawling all over the diseased wood. It seems the only things well-fed around here are the termites.
Time had taken its toll on the slums. Bleak, destitute—those were the words that came to mind. It was a breeding ground of problems; crime, addiction, disease, many were mentally ailed...and, unfortunately, it was an almost daily occurrence that I heard of someone who’d committed the ultimate act of desperation—suicide.
I’m many things, but at least I’m not suicidal...yet.
Just when I was telling myself that the slums could be worse, a woman called out a warning from above my head which was quickly followed by the slosh of human waste hitting the street as she threw it out of the window a few steps ahead of me.
I’d stopped dead at the “look out below” call, well used to this common practice of disposal. I sighed and watched the woman shake the bedpan before her head disappeared back through the window. I gave the puddle a wide berth, holding my hand over my mouth. I couldn’t understand why people did this. It made the streets smelly and unclean. My aunt had even told me it was the reason we had so many diseases. I believed her.
There were so many things wrong with the slums that I’d stopped counting and instead tried to deal with all its “quirks”.
Looking around, it saddened me when I saw children, some as young as four, tug on people’s clothes to get their attention so they could beg for coins or food. Women stood on corners, selling the only thing they had left to sell—their bodies.
Many people suffered in the slums.
I heard the market before I saw it. Sellers shouted their wares to shoppers, trying to lure them in. The noise of livestock, the bustle of people, the sound of children’s laughter; all the activity drew me closer to my destination.
Passing stall after stall, each one selling something different, I searched for the one I wanted. Some stalls tempted people with freshly made bread; others sold bloody cuts of meat. From clothes to jewellery; all possible necessities and indulgences you’d ever need could be found.
My stomach rumbled from the tasty aroma that wafted in my direction every time I passed a food stall. It reminded me that it would be midday before I got anything to eat. I went without breakfast most days. Normally, it didn’t bother me, but today, my stomach craved some substance. Tempted though I was to stop and purchase something, I didn’t have a single coin to buy a slice of deliciously fresh bread.
“Soon,” I told my empty belly. It wouldn’t be the first time, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last time, that I missed a meal. After a while, the hunger pains would go away and instead I’d be left with a familiar hollow feeling in my stomach.
Seeing the type of stall I searched for, I waited patiently for the trader to finish with his customer, looking over the items on sale. Green apples that looked so juicy they made my mouth water. Blueberries so plump they looked close to bursting. Mushrooms, carrot, cabbage—every type of fruit and vegetable I knew.
Finally, the trader turned his attention to me. Looking me up and down, he instantly became suspicious. Seeing my muddy boots and worn clothes, I was immediately labelled.
If I’d been someone from the rich side, he’d be tripping over his shoes to serve me. Instead, I could see him wondering how my presence at his stall was affecting his reputation and how quickly he could get rid of me.
Not in the least bit like the attentive trader he’d been with the customer before me, he said, “What can I do you for?”
I took a deep breath, forcing my anger down. I plastered on a smile, hating how fake it felt. “It’s more what I can do for you.”
All the reply I got was a raised eyebrow. Rummaging in my pocket, I pulled out a small bag, its contents shifting as I untied the strings that kept it closed, and I presented it for the man’s inspection.
“Thirty freshly picked chestnuts,” I tempted. “Gathered yesterday.”
With pursed lips, he stroked his chin. His free hand plucked one from the bag, rolling the shiny brown nut between two fingers without any expression on his features. Like any good trader, he knew how to keep a straight face. I knew he must be secretly pleased at how fresh they were, even if he didn’t let on.
He looked at me over the nut smugly, saying, “I’ll give you one copper for them.”
I felt my jaw drop in outrage. “They’re worth three times that!”
Shrugging like he hadn’t a care in the world, he put the chestnut back and pushed my hand away. “Well, take them somewhere else, then.”
I bit my lip to stop myself cursing. Yesterday, I’d spent hours climbing from tree to tree, collecting the things, risking falling and breaking my neck. I still had cuts on my palms from their spiky shells. And now this man wanted to con me out of what they were truly worth?
What really riled me was being backed into a corner—he knew he had me over a barrel, too. There wasn’t any other traders here today who’d be interested in purchasing chestnuts, and it was anyone’s guess how long it’d be until the next one came to the kingdom.
“Two copper coins,” I haggled. “You’re still getting a bargain.” I felt like I was begging, and I hated that. I hated the fact that I had to beg for something I was rightly entitled to. He knew I needed the coin and he used that to his advantage.
“One,” he retorted, crossing his arms. “And that’s my final offer. I can’t be sure of where you got them from. Those could be hotter than the blacksmith’s kiln.”
My eyes narrowed at the slur. “I didn’t steal them if that’s what you’re implying.”
“You can never be sure with your kind.”
“My kind?” I repeated through gritted teeth.
Either he didn’t notice my anger, or he chose to ignore it. I was more inclined to think the latter. “One copper coin,” he said again. “And that’s my final offer.”
I pinched the bridge of my nose, tasting defeat. One coin was better than none. “Fine,” I sighed. “You’ve got a deal.”
Nodding arrogantly, he turned his back to fetch the coin we’d agreed on. Seeing my opportunity, I quickly looked around to make sure no one was watching. Reaching forward, I plucked an apple from the stall and slipped it into my pocket. I didn’t feel the slightest hint of guilt. With the one copper plus an apple, I was still the one being robbed, not him. If he’d just paid me what I’d been owed, stealing from him wouldn’t have even crossed my mind. But since he hadn’t...
Fair was fair.
A measly apple could mean the difference between life and death for someone starving. That single apple could feed someone until they found a way to obtain a proper meal. However, looking at it from the point of view of the trader I’d just robbed, the coins he got from selling the apple could mean the difference between being able to provide food for his family or not. Regardless of which side you were on—the trader or the beggar—the apple still symbolised the same thing: kill or be killed.
When he turned back around, I was stood in the exact same position, the same look of outrage on my face. He’d become suspicious if I had a look of innocence about me. I glared at him. “How do you sleep at night?”
“Quite well, thank you. Now, off with you. You’re bad for business.” He shooed me away like a stray cat.
I clenched my jaw to stop myself saying something I’d regret later on, trying to exhale all my negative emotions. Leaving the market, my pocket one coin heavier, I got a great deal of satisfaction out of sinking my teeth into the juicy apple. The loud crunch it made simply added to my smugness.
It hadn’t been the first time and it certainly wouldn’t be the last that someone viewed me as less than human simply because of how poor I was. What a sad world I lived in when a person’s merit was measured on their wealth and not their character. It saddened me that people’s minds could be so narrow.
People said that blood was thicker than water, to which I ardently agreed. Blood binds us to one another; binds brothers and sister, children to parents. Blood was the only thing that defined who we were without us even having to draw breath. For some, it meant wealth, privilege, power, nobility; a life of comforts and luxury. A life filled with opportunities.
For others, blood was a life sentence of servitude and hardship. Once you’d been born into it, you couldn’t get out.
Too bad I’d drawn the shorter straw.



Chapter Two
It took a while for me to reach the castle. Even though the castle could be seen from anywhere in the kingdom, it always seemed to move further away from me whenever I walked towards it.
Stood in the shadow the mammoth fortress cast upon the kingdom, I felt so insignificant and replaceable that I shivered. Seeing it from the castle’s point of view, I was just a single ant in a crowd of many, easily overlooked and easily stepped on. From my point of view, the castle was solid, threatening, a mountain in the middle of a flat stretch of land.
I still found it hard to believe I worked in the kingdom’s castle. After all, I was only a Slummer. Normally, they only ever employed people with training, “educated people”—rarely a Slummer. Not someone like me. Some considered being given work at the castle a great honour. Just to be under the same roof as the royals—other women would fair near faint at the thought.
Too bad I wasn’t like most women.
I didn’t know who’d done it, and although I’d asked the other servants, no one seemed to know who the mystery person had been, but someone in the castle had put a good word in for me.
About a week ago, I’d received a letter. I’d had to read the letter twice before the words fully sank in. I smiled remembering my dismay. I hadn’t known the slightest thing about being a servant. I knew how to steal; I knew how to pick a fight—with both my words and my fists; I knew how to make things out of the wildflowers that grew in the forest. But what I hadn’t known was how to be a servant. I remembered feeling nauseated as my over-active imagination thought of all the bowing and scraping I’d have to perform when waiting on the royals. Definitely not something I was accustomed to, I recalled thinking.
“How is one meant to properly address the king, anyway?” I’d asked my uncle after receiving the letter from the castle.
My uncle had chuckled at my dismay. “Katelyn, do you really think that on your first day, they’ll have you serving the royals?”
“How should I know?” I’d defended. “They’re crazy enough to hire a Slummer.”
Serving the royals? How far from the truth that was. I was the lowest ranking servant. The only living thing inside the castle lower than me was the rats that hunted in the castle’s dungeons.
“Katelyn,” a girl’s voice shouted, breaking into my thoughts.
I turned to see a familiar face run towards me. Little Faye skidded to a halt just before colliding with my legs. She only came up to my stomach in height. Big brown eyes, which were a little too big for her small face, peered out from under her dirt smeared face.
“Do you have anything for us today?” she asked hopefully, wiping her face but only succeeding in adding more dirt to it. Even with the mud, her face was still sweet. Her uncut hair fell into her eyes which she flicked away unconsciously.
“I’ve no food on me this morning,” I answered her, concerned. “Are you hungry?”
She shrugged, fiddling with the frayed edges of her grey dress. Like my mentioning food had reminded her, her stomach rumbled, and absentmindedly, she tried to rub away the pain.
Feeling a twinge in the region of my heart at the innocent expression on her face, I gave her the coin I’d bartered for the chestnuts. “Here. Go and buy yourself some bread.”
Her face lit up. “Thanks, Katelyn.”
“And I’ll see if I can get some scraps from the castle’s kitchens for the others.” I gave her a quick hug, said goodbye, before continuing on my trek towards the castle. It was unbelievable how much unspoiled food got thrown to the pigs from the castle’s kitchens every day. It could be put to such good use and given to people who truly needed it, people who were starving.
There were many children in the slums that were orphaned like Little Faye and Troy. Either their parents couldn’t afford to keep them and sent them away when they were old enough, or they simply didn’t want them. In some instances, their parents had died, like mine had. I’d been one of the fortunate ones. My aunt had taken me in. Had she not, my life would have been just like Faye's—begging for anything anyone was kind enough to part with. I found it touching how a young girl who’d already had a harder life in her few years of living than some people had in their entire life could still have a smile on her face and innocence in her expression. It was truly a credit to her character. I knew I wouldn’t be of the same attitude in her position.
As I crossed the lowered drawbridge that allowed me to leave the slums, over the water-filled moat, under the arch that led to the guardhouse, and into the castle, I looked up and saw a flag waving in the breeze. Each tower was pointing to the sky like an upside-down cone. On top of each peak was a purple flag embroidered with a golden dragon that blew fire from its mouth.
I quickly hurried under the portcullis. Despite doing this every day, I always imagined the heavy, latticed metal slicing down, the spikes that pointed down at me piercing my body like a piece of meat on a roasting stick.
“Halt.” One of the many guards that were stationed inside the gatehouse stopped me as soon as I’d stepped foot on the castle’s grounds. He wore a uniform, just like every other member of the Guard—a knee-length, black tunic, black leggings and a white, long-sleeved undershirt.
As he approached, his leather boots squeaked in protest. Straightening the sword strapped to his belt, he asked me of my business at the castle. Did he adjust his weapon to simply look more menacing? If that was the case...it was working.
I looked at the symbol emblazoned on the guard’s chest, the same symbol that could be seen on the flags that waved in the breeze. These were the colours and symbol of my kingdom—First Kingdom.
I lived in First Kingdom, called such, as it was the largest kingdom of the six kingdoms that resided on the land of Atlainia. I remembered the lessons my aunt had given me when I was younger. She’d told me that each kingdom was named in the order of its size—First Kingdom was the largest; whilst Sixth Kingdom was the smallest.
I snapped out of my musing when the guard told me I’d be searched. I wasn’t alarmed—they did this every day. He was very professional about it, quickly running his hands over my clothes, not lingering too long in any embarrassing places.
After his search came up empty of any weapons, and once he’d checked my name off the list of workers, I was allowed passage into the castle.
“And what time do you call this?”
The nasal voice stopped me in my tracks. I’d literally taken one step into the grounds of the castle and already I’d done something wrong.
I turned to the owner of the voice and wished for a hole in the ground to open up and swallow me where I stood. Helen—or as I liked to call her, The Hag—the castle’s head servant, stood at the servant’s entrance, hands on hips, foot tapping. She was the picture of annoyance. The woman must be well into her sixties, and it showed. She had grey hair scraped back into a neat bun. Dressed in black from neck to ankles, her non-descript, reserved dress was devoid of any decoration or flourish, emphasising the plainness of the woman, and yet the mere sight of her could invoke servants to run and hide in fear.
Looking at the sun which had only just risen above the horizon, I was tempted to answer her rhetorical question with “morning” but I held my tongue. It would only create more trouble for me. “My apologies, Helen,” I said instead. “I came into some trouble on the way here.”
“Don’t think you can get away with this kind of behaviour. We have standards here in the castle.” She sighed in a most put out manner. “I’ll be docking your wages for this.” And with that promise, the old woman shuffled away.
I clenched my jaw to stop myself saying something I’d regret later on. I needed this job. It wouldn’t do to irritate the woman in charge. Well...annoy her for something other than me simply breathing that was.
From the very first day I’d started work here, she’d been constantly on my back. Just because I wasn’t her “kind” of person, just because I’d grown up in the slums instead of the rich side like her, she was constantly looking for fault in everything I did. I’d turn around, and she’d be there, watching me like she expected me to suddenly pick up the castle and steal it. But, there was nothing I could do about it. I just had to grit my teeth and bare it.
If I’d been someone of importance, I‘d have entered the castle through the intricately carved, wooden doors that lead into the castle’s courtyard. But, since I was only a worker, I was suffered access to the castle through a small doorway in the gatehouse.
I followed the narrow staircase as it wound around and down, curving like an iron bolt twisting towards the centre of the earth. I could practically feel the weight of the soil above me, pressing on my ears. I used both my hands, running them along the walls, feeling my way along when the illumination from the occasional lone candle didn’t fully penetrate the darkness.
Two floors down were the servant’s quarters. I made my way to one of the servant’s dressing rooms to change into my uniform, passing different workers dressed in slightly different uniforms depending on their job as I went. As a servant, mine was a floor-length black skirt made of coarse wool that itched as if a million ants were constantly biting me; black leather boots that pinched my toes until they blistered; a tight, restricting purple shirt that fastened up to my neck, choking me, completed my uniform. Despite what it represented, I still liked wearing it—it was nicer that anything I owned at home.
“Might the Goddess bless yer this morn, Katelyn.”
I looked up from buttoning my shirt to see Joan walk through the door. Joan was a cook. She had dark hair, untidily cut short—“So it didn’t get int’ food”, she’d said was the reason. Her hips and stomach were curved; I guessed as a side effect from working with food all day. At least she never went hungry, I mused.
“Good morning to you too,” I politely replied, returning her smile with a small one of my own. I ran my fingers through my hair to untangle it before twisting it into a bun at the base of my neck. I secured it by tying a black ribbon around it. It was a requirement of working in the castle to have a clean and tidy appearance. Your uniform had to be washed the night before, skin had to be clean and hair tied back. It was quite a difference compared to living in the slums where you were lucky to stay clean for half a day.
Joan sighed. “I’m so jealous of yer hair.”
I got that reaction from a lot of people. Some even went to the extent of wanting to touch it. I suppose I couldn’t fault them for their curiosity. It was red, and by red, I didn’t mean the slight orangey colour that some people had, but a red that was akin to the burning red colours of autumn. I’d always thought of it as the colour of blood, but I supposed a nicer description would be the colour of ruby.
“Does your mother have hair like that?” She was stripping down to her undergarments so she could put on the black floor-length dress and the white apron that was the uniform for a cook.
“No,” I answered. I didn’t elaborate on the fact that I couldn’t remember my mother to recall what colour hair she’d had, but that my aunt, who was my mother’s sister, had told me that I hadn’t inherited my hair colour from either my mother or my father.
I decided to change the subject. “What are you cooking today?”
“King Edgar be wantin’ a special meal, seeing as all his sons are home, so I was thinking of glazed ham and mashed spuds.” She paused to think. “I’ve been meaning to try this new pudding recipe I heard ‘bout, but I don’t think now is the best time to be experimenting. I mean, what if it goes wrong?” She frowned, shallow wrinkles appearing on her forehead. “Then there won’t be any dessert.”
“It’ll be great, no matter what you do.” It was true; Joan was an amazing cook. I’d watched her a few times when on my luncheon. She was so skilled that she didn’t even need to use the scales and weights to know how much of each ingredient to use.
“Thanks,” she sighed whilst she fastened the buckles on her work boots. “I’m just nervous. I haven’t cooked a proper meal for the royal family in a while. Normally, the king’s too busy seeing to his duties to fill his belly properly.”
I nodded my head in understanding. Joan wasn’t the only one who was apprehensive about the return of the royals. All the workers had been rushing around in the last few days to prepare for the return of the princes and the lords.
King Edgar had three sons. Dante, the youngest; Peter, the middle child; and Aidric, the eldest. The princes travelled to the different kingdoms, acting as liaisons and advisors on behalf of the king. Very few people from the slums understood the workings of the monarchy system, but my aunt had taught me from a young age.
I mentally shrugged myself out of my musings, and saying a quick goodbye to Joan, I went to start my daily chores. The servants performed the same duties everyday—as I had for the past five days I’d worked here. My assignment was cleaning the guard’s barracks located in the west tower. Each member of the King’s Guard was given a room within the walls of the castle. Hundreds of men made up the Guard. That meant that each room had to be cleaned, and I’d been given the first two floors of the tower.
That was about fifty rooms for me to clean. Not that I was complaining—well, I wasn’t complaining out loud.
I made my way through the bending and winding passageways to the other end of the servant’s quarters, where the linen room could be found. Other servants were already collecting their required linens to dress various beds within the castle, and I joined the queue that had formed before the seamstress. Some were handed rich, fine satins and silks which I presumed were for the beds of the royals. Other sheets were of a lesser quality, but still made of fine cotton. Those were used for the captains and commanders.
I collected plain wool sheets for the beds of the generals. General was the title given to each man on the King’s Guard. Captains and commanders were of higher ranks, having authority over the generals. Commanders had a higher status than captains. Everyone had their place and everyone had a rank. It seemed that the higher your rank, the better quality the sheets you got.
I carried as many sheets as I could so I didn’t have to return as often. With my hands laden, and using my chin to balance the pile, I travelled up the damp, spiralling servant’s staircase to climb to the first floor of the tower that housed the general’s barracks. Here and the servant’s floor were the only parts of the castle I’d seen. Other servants talked of the captain and commanders’ rooms that were much more lavish and decorative than the one’s I’d laid eyes on. Some workers, who were fortunate enough to serve the royals, described riches that not even I could imagine. It was hard to envisage something that I’d never seen before. What is a chandelier, anyway?
I entered the first general’s room that was marked as number one. The room contained a single wooden bed, barely wide enough for a man, pushed tightly up against the wall. A desk with drawers on either side stood in one corner with a rickety stool before it. A large trunk rested at the foot of the bed in which the generals stored personal items. The trunk was locked with a brass padlock. I imagined the men kept the keys on their person at all times.
The simple room was illuminated by a beam of light coming from the narrow window. I used this light to strip the bed of the used sheets and threw them out into the hall. Then I fitted the clean linens and tucked them under each corner of the thin mattress. A single pillow case and a sheet as a cover and I was finished dressing the first bed. The guards also left their worn uniforms on the floor so I threw those onto my pile in the corridor, also. Later, I’d take the dirty linens and uniforms to the washroom to be cleaned by the laundry maids. It was a never-ending cycle: strip the bed, make the clean bed back up, wash the dirty sheets and uniforms, return the clean uniforms. The routine was mind-numbing in its repetitiveness. Dirty, clean, dirty, clean. It was enough to make a girl crazy.
For the rest of the morning, I repeated stripping the beds and redressing them with clean sheets. To relieve the boredom, I started to hum a song I’d learnt when I was a child. It was the story of a young sailor who gotten lost at sea. He visited strange lands, until one fateful day, he met a fair maiden who showed him the way home. But, having fallen in love with her, he was unwilling to return, fearing he’d be unable to find his way back to her. My aunt had sung it to me when I was young, the same she does now to her son, Robert.
The afternoon passed with the same tediousness as the morning. Energy flagging with the setting sun, I had to drag my feet to the few remaining rooms I needed to clean. My back started to ache from all the bending and heavy lifting, and when I stretched, every joint down my spine cracked back into place, making me moan in a good sort of pain.
I entered the next general’s room. Solely concentrating on counting the remaining sheets I had left, mentally planning to revisit the servant’s floor for the next load of linens, it took me a moment to realise that I wasn’t alone.



Chapter Three
I halted with a gasp. “Forgive me. I didn’t realise anyone was in here.”
The man quickly straightened up from rummaging through the trunk when I’d first made a sound. Normally, I’d left for the day before the generals returned from their posted stations at nightfall, so I didn’t know which man lived in which room.
Was I running late in my chores? The Hag was forever reprimanding me for dawdling; I had a tendency to daydream about anything that would distract me from my mundane tasks.
“I’m sorry.” I begged his forgiveness only because I knew it was expected. My job is to clean his room. How am I meant to do that with him in it?
He raked his fingers through his sandy hair, pushing it back. His hair fell back across his brow when he dropped his hand.
“I’ll come back later,” I said as I started to back out the door, thinking he was annoyed at me for the disturbance.
“No, no,” he said, holding up his hands to stop me. “Go about your chores. I’m done.”
I warily eyed the man in the knee-length olive tunic. A black leather belt that held a dagger was tied around his waist. Anxious at being in the same small, confined room with a strange, armed man, I squeezed past him, putting as much space between us as possible. I put the sheets down on the desk so my hands were free to undress the bed. I could still see the man in my peripheral vision, watching me intently.
“You’re new here.”
It wasn’t a question but I felt compelled to answer. “Yes, for five days now.”
His hand reached out to grab my wrist, stopping my movements. I had to force myself not to twist his arm like I’d normally have done if a stranger seized my arm in the slums. You’re not in the slums at the moment, remember. I told myself I was safe, here in the castle. It wouldn’t be a smart move to attack one of the king’s generals, now, would it?
Growing up in the slums, a girl had to learn how to defend herself. People would do anything to survive, even becoming so desperate that they’d hurt others to do so. So, when I’d had the opportunity, I’d learnt how to fight. Some of my childhood friends—Sawyer and Brayden (my most common instructors)—had taught me before they’d became old enough to join the King’s Guard. I’d learnt hand-to-hand combat and the correct way to use various small weapons.
But, living in the slums, I’d also learnt how to fight dirty. Most men believed in honour when it came to fighting, but I’d learnt from a young age that when you’re fighting for your life, anything goes.
If this man made even the slightest move towards me, I wasn’t afraid to knee him where it hurt most.
I forced myself to look him in the eye. They happened to be a shade brighter than the olive colour of his tunic. Thick eyelashes, which were a slightly darker blonde than his hair, blinked as I watched him. You could tell a great deal of things from someone’s eyes. I nervously waited to see what his would tell me now.
“Did you clean this room yesterday?”
“Yes.” I lightly tugged my arm, hoping he’d get the hint that I wanted to be released. It had the opposite reaction; he tightened his grip. Not so that I was in any discomfort, just so I knew he wasn’t prepared to let me go. My stomach tightened as nervousness worked its way from my head to my body. He was bigger than me. If it came down to a fight, I imagined he could quite easily overpower me. If he made a move towards me, could I scream loud enough for someone to hear? Would they believe a Slummer girl over a general? Somehow, I doubted it.
“Did you see a letter in here?”
“Let go of me,” I said carefully, hoping I didn’t sound as nervous as I felt. “Now,” I ordered when he didn’t comply with my first request.
Looking deep into my eyes—I tried to harden mine to look fierce—his flickered like he’d just realised how the situation and his behaviour was affecting me. He looked surprised that I thought he meant me any harm. Did he often go around questioning servants in this most sinister manner?
Carefully, thankfully, he dropped his hand to his side. I backed away, even though that took me further away from the direction I wanted to go—towards the door.
In surrender, he held his hands up. “I’m not going to hurt you. I give you my word.”
I snorted in a very unladylike fashion. “Like your word means anything to me.”
His eyebrows shot up in shock, his jaw dropped the smallest bit to show white, straight teeth. “I think,” he demurred slowly after he’d recovered, “that might be the first time anyone has ever doubted my word. How...strange.”
How strange was I? How strange was he?! Was he surprised that a servant was answering him back? Did the other servants simply lie down for whatever he dished out? Not me.
“You don’t know who I am, do you?”
I glared at him, trying to say with my eyes that I didn’t care who he was. The sooner he left the better, in my opinion.
We stood in silence for what felt like the longest time. Him, because he waited for my answer to his question. Me, because I was too stubborn to answer his pointless question. Why did it matter who he was? The man was awfully full of himself if he thought that a servant should be able to distinguish him out of the hundreds of men on the King’s Guard.
“You’re a general,” I sighed, trying not to look stupid given the fact that I obviously didn’t know him. Men were like lions—they sensed weakness and pounced.
He paused for so long I didn’t think he’d respond. “I’m a captain,” he finally said. His voice was so laced with authority, I believed him.
If he was a captain, what was he doing in a general’s room?
“Why are you searching your man’s quarters?” From the way he’d quickly straightened from rummaging in the trunk, it was apparent he’d been looking for something.
His faced hardened. “That is my business, not yours. Did you see a letter in this room or not?”
I thought about it. If I said yes, would I get into trouble for reading it? And I said no, would he think I was lying? I decided to be evasive. “What if I did?”
“Tell me,” he commanded. “There will be no repercussions whether you did or did not see a letter.” He was trying to reassure me, albeit not very well. I got the impression he was used to people doing everything he asked and telling him all he wanted to know.
“Yes, there was a letter,” I said truthfully. I had noticed a letter during my chores yesterday. Normally, the rooms were bare of any personal items, usually locked away from prying eyes, so I’d been mildly surprised to see something as private as a letter, left unhidden, for anyone to see. In one of my weaker moments, my curiosity had gotten the better of me and I’d “glanced” at the letter. I’d reasoned that it would have been rude not to read it.
The man’s body tensed at my answer. “Did you recognise the mark?”
Every kingdom had a different mark. First Kingdom’s was a dragon, the same as on the flag and the Guard’s uniform—a fire-breathing dragon with its wings spread wide in flight.
The letter that I’d seen had been stamped with a lion.
I nodded. “Second Kingdom.”
He exhaled loudly and stalked towards the door. I bit my lip in indecision. I should let him walk out that door and out of my life. The man had trouble written all over him.
“Don’t you want to know what it said?”
I could have bit my tongue off. Why didn’t I know when to keep my mouth shut? Do I want to get into more trouble than I probably already am?
He halted in his tracks before slowly turning to face me. He had a look of shock on his face, his forehead crinkled. “You can read?”
“Yes.”
Now, he looked even more confused. “Aren’t you the new girl from the slums?”
“Yes,” I repeated with a voice hard like steel. Judgemental man, I scorned. Did I have the word “daft” written on my forehead or something? How did he know I was the new servant from the slums? Had he noticed me? Had I been typically oblivious and failed to notice him in return?
He blinked and the harsh lines on his face softened. “My apologies,” he said formally. “I didn’t mean to offend you. It’s just I’ve known very few Slummers who can read.”
I shrugged stiffly. “My aunt taught me when I was younger. She’s a teacher, but she didn’t get a lot of pupils, so she taught me when she had the time.” In the slums, children could only go to school if their parents were willing to pay the teacher to teach them. As not many people could afford to educate their children, few children went to school.
He was studying my face whilst I talked, so vigilantly it was like he was committing it to memory. He needn’t have bothered—I was very recognisable by my hair colour.
He shook his head, his blonde hair falling into his eyes again. I had to admit to myself, he had an appealing appearance. Even though he had a bump in his nose, probably from a break that hadn’t been set properly, he was intriguing. He had what some people might describe as feminine cheekbones—they were high and chiselled—but it had the opposite effect than one would expect; they showed off his strong masculinity.
“What did it say?”
I blinked myself out of staring, confused at his question. “What?”
“The letter,” he explained as he looked up and down the corridor, checking for people. He stepped back over the threshold and into the room, closing the door behind him.
Normally, I’d have been alarmed if a stranger was blocking the only means of escape, even if he was a captain, but I could tell he wasn’t going to harm me. Whether it was his eyes that seemed amicable, or his now unthreatening stance, but I felt safe with him. Plus, he was a captain. He must be worthy to be given that position of power. Surely?
“What did the letter say?” he asked again when I didn’t answer him.
My forehead crinkled in thought as I tried to remember what I’d read yesterday in-between the guilty glances I’d been throwing over my shoulder, hoping I didn’t get caught. There wasn’t a law against snooping, but there was a law against spying, and not everyone could understand the distinction.
I cleared my throat. “It said something about a voyage before the start of the cooling season,” I said slowly, trying to remember what had been written in the fancy penmanship, “and perhaps something about magic wielders.”
“Magicians,” he spat in a hardened voice. “Did it say anything else?”
I shook my head. “I only glanced at it.”
He clenched his jaw. The thin scar that ran down the side of his throat stood out even more.
“I’m sorry,” I said, thinking that his annoyed expression was because of me.
“No, no, it’s alright. I’m not mad at you.” His face relaxed and he smiled for the first time. “You’ve been unbelievably useful. I thank you.” He bowed and I had to press my lips together to keep the giggles from erupting from my throat. What a strange man. He smoothly straightened to stand at his full height, about a foot taller than me. “I’m in your debt. Without your help, I’d never have discovered this immensely valuable piece of information.”
I gave a small smile in reply, not believing that I’d been of any help to him. The information I could recall didn’t make any sense and didn’t follow any logic.
One side of his mouth tilted up, but his expression sobered just as quickly. “Could I perhaps be in a greater debt to you?” My eyebrows rose inquiringly. “When you go about your chores today and in the morn, could you perhaps keep your eyes and ears open for some information?”
“I don’t think so.” I could already be punished for going through a general’s possessions, even though the letter had been left open on his desk. “I really need this work.” I really need the money.
“Trust me,” he persuaded. “I can guarantee that your job is safe and that you won’t get into any trouble.”
I wasn’t convinced. Even though he was a captain, and so ranked higher than the generals, he still had a lot of people above him; powerful people with powerful titles that could throw us both in the dungeons. The information that I heard might be classified, and if I told him, and he passed on the information, that could make both of us treasoners to First Kingdom.
“What’s your name?”
“Katelyn.”
“Katelyn,” he repeated in his low, rough voice. “That’s a beautiful name.”
“Thank you,” I mumbled. So, he was trying to sweet-talk me, was he? I thought silently to myself, realising how smoothly he’d managed to drop a compliment into his persuasion. “And your name is..?”
At first, he didn’t respond. “Rick,” he said at last whilst watching me closely, like he was looking for a reaction from me, as if I would recognise his name. He needed have bothered; I didn’t know any captains.
“Captain Rick, you’ll have to forgive me but I’ve only worked here a short while, so even though you say your intentions are good, I wouldn’t know the difference between you and a rogue.” A rogue was a person who lived in the open land between kingdoms. Whether that be the desert wastelands, forest wildness or open fields. They had no loyalty to any kingdom. They survived solely by stealing from the travellers that trekked between the kingdoms. When someone travelling from kingdom to kingdom went missing, suspicions arose that they’d been taken by the rogues. Children were threatened of being given to the rogues if they didn’t go to sleep when asked or when they wouldn’t do their chores. Of course, there weren’t truly given to the rogues, but the warning was enough to intimidate the children to do as they were told.
Rick had the opposite reaction to what I’d anticipated to me calling him a rogue—he smiled. “I’m very glad you said that, Katelyn.” His grin widened, showing two shallow dimples, one on each cheek. They made him look younger, but no less manly. If I had to guess at his age, I’d say he was in his late twenties—maybe five or six years my senior.
“You’re smarter that I first thought you were,” he continued, causing my eyes to narrow. That was now twice in one day someone had judged me without knowing me. First, the trader at the market, and now Rick. “Since you only have my word that my goal is strictly honourable, how about we come up with an arrangement?” He pointed at me. “You carry on with your chores and if you happen to see or hear anything that I might find interesting, you’ll tell me.” He pointed at his own chest which was outlined through his tunic. “And I’ll get a signed order from Prince Aidric.”
“Prince Aidric?” I breathed. A signed letter from a commander would have been enough to persuade me that Rick was who he said he was, but a prince? A letter from a commander would have the king’s stamp—a dragon—and also a stamp with the initials of the commander so that the reader didn’t doubt the originality.
But a letter from a prince, and not just any prince, but Prince Aidric, the eldest son of King Edgar, the heir to the throne, was shocking. The information that Rick wanted must be of the utmost importance if he could get permission from a prince.
Having never set foot out of the slums my whole life, I’d never seen any members of the royal family. I’d secretly hoped I’d catch a glimpse of the king so I’d have an exciting tale to tell my family.
“Alright,” I said slowly. “What information should I be looking and listening for?”
“Anything about magicians voyaging over to Atlainia.”
My head tilted a fraction. “If magicians are visiting here, surely the king would know?” Magicians lived on a land called Hexica. It took four weeks to get there by boat, crossing the raging sea that separated them from us. Magicians were forbidden to live in Atlainia. They could only visit if permission had been given by every one of the six kings of the six kingdoms. Not a likely scenario to happen any time soon. “Wouldn’t the king know if the magicians were coming?”
“Not if the king was being deliberately deceived,” he replied, angry.
My palms started to sweat as I realised the magnitude of the information Rick was telling me. Magicians were feared in Atlainia for the magic they could create with their minds. If a magician was found on Atlainian soil without permission, that magician could be executed. The power a single magician wielded far outweighed the strength of a hundred men on the King’s Guard.
“Are we at war with the magicians?” I whispered, afraid to say it any louder in fear of any eavesdroppers that might be lurking.
He shook his head. “Not yet.”
I was neither relieved nor worried—I was both. From the stories told among the people, magicians could easily conquer Atlainia if they were so inclined. The magicians have a treaty with the kings, but everyone knew that if the magicians wanted, they could easily overpower everything in Atlainia, simply with a thought.
“So,” Rick said, breaking into my thoughts, “will you do this for me?”
I could only nod.
“I need your silence on this matter,” he stressed, dipping his head to look me in the eye, further conveying the importance of his words. “You must tell no one. No one. Do you understand?”
Does the man want it written in blood or something? “I swear it.”
He regarded me in silence, appearing to me as though he was deciding whether to trust me or not. After a few moments, he nodded. I took it as him believing my promise to keep the secret. “I’ll find you sometime during tomorrow. Don’t come looking for me. No one knows about this just yet, and I’d like to keep it that way. I’ll find you,” he repeated, nodding his head once. “Until tomorrow.”
He left the room, leaving me to contemplate how much trouble I might have just gotten myself into.
I didn’t have long to mull this over because Rick was suddenly back in the doorframe.
“Here.” He held his fist out. I automatically raised my hand, palm facing up. He dropped two silver coins into my proffered hand. “Payment for your services.”
“I don’t want...” I started to tell him but he’d already disappeared as fast as he’d reappeared. “...your money,” I told the empty room. It felt wrong to take Rick’s money. Almost like I was a streetwalker and he’d paid me to do something I’d been coerced into doing.
I loudly exhaled and pocketed the coins. It was true that I didn’t want his money; I was doing it out of a sense of duty, duty to my kingdom and king. I didn’t know where this sudden patriotic side of myself was coming from. Maybe I’d simply do anything to change the boring monotony of my life, like the thrill I’d gotten as I’d read a letter that wasn’t addressed to me.
Surely, a little excitement couldn’t hurt. Could it?
The remainder of my day was uneventful. But, I had to admit to myself, life couldn’t get much more interesting than being recruited as a spy. Maybe I wasn’t like the professional scouts on the Guard who could trek through the forest without even a broken twig to show for their presence, but I found it remarkable the amount of information and gossip that could be gleaned if you just listened hard enough.
So that was what I did all day—I listened. I listened to the latest scandals, shoving the ones that I don’t think Rick would want to know to the back of my mind. No one found it strange that I was hanging around places on the servant’s floor that I didn’t normally visit. I was used to being shunned by the other servants for being a Slummer, so being ignored wasn’t a hardship. Joan, the cook, was one of the few people who were nice to me, but only because she was a Slummer herself. Regardless, you couldn’t find a better cook than her, so people tended to overlook where she came from.
It seemed that I would be disappointing Rick with the lack of information I’d been able to unearth. That was, until I heard a very interesting conversation between two generals walking down one of the corridors. I wasn’t the stealthiest person, but I did follow them unnoticed just long enough to hear their discussion. Once they saw me, they fell silent. But it didn’t matter. I’d learnt enough.
The magicians wanted something from Atlainia. They must have wanted it badly—a small fortune would be the prize for the person who found it first.
And the hunt for the object had already begun.



Chapter Four
At the end of the day, I left the castle the same way I’d entered. Recognising one of the guards manning the guardhouse, I gave him a small wave, not wanting to get him into trouble with his ranking officers.
How long had it been since I’d last seen that man, or Brayden for that matter? But a few years ago, the three of us had been inseparable. Like peas in a pod, we’d done everything together. That was until they’d left me behind in the slums. Not that I was resentful; they’d been given a chance to better their quality of life. I’d have been mad if they hadn’t taken the chance. If luck gave you a rope to drag yourself out of the festering hellhole that was the slums, you grabbed it with both hands, consequences be damned.
I understood their reasons for leaving. Given the same opportunity, I’d have done exactly the same thing. But that didn’t mean I hadn’t missed them. A lot.
I could tell he was surprised to see me here within the castle grounds. On powerful legs, he strode over.
“Sawyer,” I greeted warmly and we shared a secret smile which easily communicated a great deal of things. Sawyer and I had always had the type of relationship where we knew each other so well that a single look could say it all. A quirk of his eyebrow and I knew he was amused, a flicker of his eyes and I knew what he was thinking.
“My, Katelyn, look at you. You haven’t changed a bit.” His voice was gruff and deep—I still remembered the day his voice had deepened to the pitch it was today. The day he’d changed from a boy to a man.
He stood before me and it felt like a day hadn’t past instead of six years. When he’d turned eighteen, he’d applied to become a general. Since the day he’d been accepted, I hadn’t seen him much, just from a distance. But, to go from seeing each other every day, to rarely seeing him but a handful of times in the last few years, made me comprehend how much I’d truly missed him.
“Where’s Brayden?” I wondered, referring to the third member of our childhood troublesome threesome.
Sawyer simply pointed up.
I had to shield my eyes against the glaring setting sun, squinting to make out the man on top of the high walkway of the castle’s wall. Even from this distance, I could see Brayden’s huge smile. He’d always been the joker, compared to Sawyer who was the more serious one. They were both a year older than me. We’d lived on the same street growing up, always getting into trouble together—most of the time it had been Brayden’s fault.
I turned back to Sawyer, lowering my hand. “So, he’s still alive then?”
He barked out a loud laugh. “Yes, but only just. I’ve lost count of the number of times a commander’s threatened his life. But, no matter how many death or torture threats he gets, he still manages to worm his way out of it, same as always.”
It was true. Most of the time when we’d gotten into trouble as children, the fault had solely been Brayden’s. But he’d always found a way to wiggle out of his punishment, leaving Sawyer and me to shoulder the blame. I think it was Brayden’s baby blue eyes. They could flash from mischievous to innocent in the snap of your fingers.
Sawyer readjusted the sword holstered to his back. He had wide-set shoulders that seemed to span twice as wide as mine. Sawyer was the burly, shorter one. Brayden was the taller, more slender one. Sawyer wasn’t exactly short; he was still taller than me, but what he lacked in height, he made up for in muscle. “What are you doing here?”
“I work here as a servant,” I replied proudly as I smoothed down my skirt.
He grasped my shoulder, giving me a quick shake. “That’s brilliant. Congratulations.”
“Thanks,” I murmured. It was a stepping stone on the path to a better life. If I could keep this job, I’d have security—an income—never having to fear that I’d starve. If I worked really hard, I could even become a royal’s servant, the highest position a servant could achieve. In my life, I’d never set targets before, I’d always just accepted my life as it was, never thinking it was possible to have anything better.
Changing the train of my thoughts, I said to Sawyer, “Won’t your captains give you grief for talking to me when you’re meant to be stationed?”
He smirked playfully. “We are captains.”
“Captains?” I gasped, hugging him in congratulations. Sawyer was really making it in the world. A Slummer boy as a captain? Amazing. I pulled back when I grasped all his words. “We?”
He nodded.
“No way,” I laughed. “Brayden’s a captain?”
He nodded again, his full lips stretching into a smile as I whistled out a breath, amazed.
“Brayden couldn’t even take care of Ace,” I argued, referring to the dog Brayden had had when he’d been ten. “How’s he meant to take charge of a whole guard?” Sawyer and I had taken it upon ourselves to care for the dog when Ace had decided to play fetch with a man’s wooden leg.
Sawyer looked off into the distance, probably remembering how all three of us had been chased by one very annoyed, hopping man.
For the first time, I saw the single gold star stitched over his heart on his uniform. One star was awarded to a captain, two for a commander.
If Sawyer was a captain, maybe I should ask him about Captain Rick, the man I’d just met.
I quickly dismissed the thought, not wanting to involve him in something that could have bad repercussions. Plus, Rick had specifically instructed me not to tell anyone. I decided to keep my mouth shut, for the time being.
“I have a theory,” Sawyer enlightened me. “I believe the commanders must have been well into their cups when they decided to award him the captain’s rank.” He smirked, but his gaze shone with companionship for Brayden. “What other explanation could there be? Personally, I think intoxication is the only rational explanation.”
“Probably,” I agreed, trying to be serious, but a chuckle escaped.
His expression turned solemn. “But seriously, he’s a great captain, always putting his men’s safety before his own. Taking charge when needs be. I dare say he’s a better captain than I.” He pointed a finger at me, quirking an eyebrow. “But never tell him I said that. Understand?”
I made a cross over my heart, laughter trying to creep out of my throat. I asked the question that had been plaguing my mind. “When are you going to take some personal leave and come visit me and your family? Your mother’s always complaining that she never sees you anymore. She’s right, you know. You’re allowed, what? Five weeks social leave a year? And you and Brayden haven’t taken a single one.” Joking with Sawyer forced me to appreciate how much I’d pined for his and Brayden’s easy friendship. It wasn’t often that you met someone you could tell everything to without fear of judgment.
He shrugged. “We both want to make commanders. We can’t do that if we’re on leave all the time. All our hard work has actually started to pay off. It’s taken us such a short time to go from general to captain. We don’t want to go back to our lives in the slums. We want to make something of ourselves.”
I nodded my head in understanding, swallowing the lump that had formed in my throat at Sawyer’s words. He was right. I did understand, probably better than anyone, how important it was to get out of the slums. Too bad I hadn’t managed to achieve that goal yet. But, I told myself firmly, one way or another, I’d create a better life for me and my family.
“I really should be going. It’s getting dark, and you know what the slums are like at night.” I shuddered, thinking about the people that could be seen lurking in the night when I looked out my window.
“I’ll walk you,” he said in a tone that meant there would be no arguments. He knew as well as I did how dangerous the slums were after sunset.
I argued, regardless. “No, I’ll be fine. It’s not far and it’s not completely dark yet.”
We bickered without any real heat, with him insisting that he’d walk me home, and me pointing out that I was a big girl and could look after myself. I’d looked after myself pretty well for the last six years without him. On some level that I’d didn’t want to dig too deep into, I resented his implication that I couldn’t.
“Go straight home—no stops on the way,” he sternly instructed in defeat, glaring at me until I looked away, feeling guilty.
He knew me too well. I used to sneak out at night, which had been awfully risky, I admitted to myself. I’d been a bit of an adventurous child.
“I mean it, Katelyn. Straight home,” he ordered, speaking to me like a big brother would.
After I’d agreed, and after I’d convinced him I was telling the truth, I hurried out of the castle and back into the slums. The streets were almost deserted. A few people walked hurriedly to get to their home, to get to their sanctuary before the night fell.
The slums were a different place at night. During the day, it was obvious what a poor place it was, but you still saw happy children playing in the street, friendly traders working their stalls, homely housewives sweeping their welcome mats at the front of their houses.
At night, it was an immensely different place to be. The drunks and criminals crept out, monsters of the night, hunting for a new victim. You only braved the streets at night if you were foolish, suicidal...or desperate.
Even though I’d promised Sawyer that I’d go straight home, I made a stop on the way. I knocked on the abandoned building’s door—three quick raps followed by two slow ones. The orphaned children—Little Faye and Troy being a couple of them—had moved into this derelict house when the owner, Old Matthews, had died and no living relatives had claimed the house. Not that the house was worth claiming. I doubted it would last the next strong storm.
The door creaked open a fraction. A single eye peered at me, cautious. I recognised him as David, one of the older boys. The older children felt responsible for the younger ones, acting as protectors and providers; acting like parents when they were but children themselves. Seeing it was me, he let me in.
As soon as I’d cleared the threshold, the noise of laughing children greeted my ears. It brought a true smile to my face, filling me with a warm feeling inside to know that, regardless of the situation these children were in, they were still children, still innocent, and sometimes, even happy.
The house was only small but around twenty children, of various ages, called this...shack their home. The children had grouped together, creating a family when their own families had abandoned them. They separated during the day, to beg and to steal, and then they brought it all back to share between everyone. That way, no one went without. I was one of the few adults that the children trusted. They’d grown up to rely solely on themselves, learning from experience that adults couldn’t be trusted.
When they caught sight of me, I was quickly swamped with hugs and greetings, questions fired from numerous faces peering up at me. I answered them all, lifting a couple of the smaller children onto my hips so they weren’t trodden on by the bigger ones.
“Have you seen any of the princes yet?” This came from a girl in her early teens, her tone dreamy.
“No, I haven’t. Maybe tomorrow,” I said when all the girls looked crushed.
Amelia tucked her messy hair behind her ears, sighing dreamily. “I want to meet Prince Dante.”
Prince Dante was the youngest of the three brothers, so he was something of a romance idol to the young girls of First Kingdom. I wasn’t positive of his exact age but, if I remembered correctly, he was a few years younger than me, and according to rumours, a scallywag. But that was just rumours; everyone knew rumours couldn’t be taken as fact.
All the other girls nodded their heads in agreement whilst the boys pulled comical faces of mock disgust.
“I want to marry him,” Alice, the tiny girl on my hip, said in a sweet voice.
I playfully kissed her cheek. “I think he’s a bit too old for you.”
She pouted her lips and shook her head stubbornly.
“You wouldn’t want to be a princess, anyway,” Troy called out from the back of the group. “All that bowing and curtseying? I hope you like kissing the king’s backside because that’s all you’d do all day.”
I tsked disapprovingly. “You shouldn’t talk about the king like that. If the Guard heard you, you could say goodbye to your...” I playfully wiggled my tongue. Some of the younger children gasped and covered their mouths, eyes widened in fright.
Troy just rolled his eyes, very put out with my joke. “Why shouldn’t I say things like that? What’s he ever done for us?”
“The king’s a very important man. He does lots of good things for the kingdom.”
“Oh, really?” he drawled, his skinny arms crossing his chest. “Like what?”
“He...” I trailed off, not having the faintest clue what the king actually did for us. Shrugging my shoulders, I tried to think of a way to explain the importance of a king to these deprived children. “Without a king, there wouldn’t be any rules, and without him, there wouldn’t be anyone to uphold them. He protects us from our enemies, he guides us. Just like the Goddess rules Heaven, our king rules the kingdom.”
“He protects us,” Troy scoffed. “Sure, he protects us like a wooden shield protects a man against a cannon ball.”
“Troy,” I gently admonished, understanding that to a boy with nothing, to a boy who had to protect himself on a daily basis from all manner of conflicts, the idea of a king protecting him was ludicrous.
I didn’t say anything after that. What could I say? That life would get better for him? I didn’t know that. I didn’t know how to help these children any more than I was already doing. I felt like I was the one letting them down. They trusted me; the responsibility had befallen to me to protect these children. I just hoped that when the time came, I’d be up to the task.
I stayed for a little while longer, but I could see the light outside slowly diminishing through the window, and unable to delay my departure anymore, I pulled David, one of the older boys, into a corner away from the others. The frayed cut-off pants he wore showed the scars on the back of his legs. My fault, I thought, the guilt still threatening to choke me.
A few years ago, I’d caught David stealing a couple of carrots from the pathetic vegetable patch behind our house. I’d been quick to accuse him of being a thief; I’d been quick to condemn him. Calling for the Guard, I hadn’t felt the slightest twinge of guilt handing him over. A thief understood the risks, they comprehended the consequences. Sure, I’d been known to have a case of the sticky-fingers when needed, but I’d done it with the knowledge that if I was caught, I’d be punished.
I haven’t been caught yet.
A few days later, to my disbelief, I’d witnessed the exact same boy stealing from the baker in the market. The angry, red welts marring the back of his legs proof of his punishment for stealing the carrots. And yet, there he stood again, taking the exact same risk. Hadn’t he learnt his lesson?
I’d stood watching him for a long time, observing him steal from anyone he could, before enlightenment finally graced me. How desperate must you be that the lesser of two evils was being whipped?
I’d misjudged him. Yes, life for me and my family was hard, but some people had it much worse. David had taken the risks, not because he was a common thief who took simply because he could, but because if he didn’t, the young orphaned children he cared for would starve. After the revelations that day, I’d become determined to help these children, anyway I could.
“How is everyone?” I asked David, returning from the memory of how we’d first met and how I’d come to know the other orphans.
He exhaled loudly. “Alright—part from Rex who almost got caught by the butcher for stealing some beef.”
“Well, here.” I pushed the two silver coins Rick had given me into David’s hand. “No more stealing. Spend this.”
“Katelyn,” he huffed, trying to give me them back. “It’s too much.”
I shook my head. “Take it. I don’t want it.”
He reluctantly pocketed the money after I’d forced him to accept it. I trusted him to use the money to buy food for everyone. He was an honourable young man, taking charge to make sure none of the children went without the necessities, like food and water. He acted like a father at fifteen years old. The two silver coins would be enough to feed all the children for about a week, if spent wisely.
He walked me to the door as the other children cheered goodbye.
“Lock this door behind me and don’t open it for anyone.” I looked at him firmly.
“I won’t,” he answered sincerely. He understood the dangers of the slums at night just as much as I did.
I left and waited until I’d heard the door being locked behind me. The temperature had dropped dramatically now that the sun had almost set. Although it was the hot season, the night felt as cold as the cold season when snow would fall and the water would freeze over. I pulled my travelling cloak more tightly around me, cocooning myself in the warmth from my own body. The hem kicked up with each step I took and loose pebbles shifted beneath my feet.
I looked up and saw the faint glowing moon. The sky wasn’t dark enough to see the stars that I knew lay in wait, waiting to shine. I’d always been fascinated since I was a child by the moon and the stars. Tonight, it was going to be a full moon, my favourite stage of the changing moon. I’d always sensed the enchantment that could only be experienced under a full moon. I would sit at my window as a child, and wish on the moon for an adventure.
Now, I knew better than to pray for something that would never come true.
My house soon came into view. It was a narrow two-storey house made from stone and wood that had rotted with age. The roof leaked and it wasn’t uncommon to see a rodent scurrying across the floor, but it was home to me.
It wasn’t much, but it was all we had.
The outside of the house was starting to look like a patchwork quilt. When one stone crumbled, a new one was found to replace it, never being the same colour as the others. Over the years, I’d forgotten what colour the house had originally started as. The roof was made of straw and mud which had to be replaced by my uncle every time it rained. Around the back of the house, a small pen could be found where we kept a couple of chickens and a pig. I didn’t like the chore of feeding the animals, normally leaving it for my uncle to do. I didn’t want to get too attached to the animals and later cry whilst they were served up for our evening meal.
Entering, I was welcomed by the shrieking cry of my cousin, Robert. He wasn’t a quiet baby, continually either crying or laughing. It seemed today his choice of expression was crying. I rounded the corner into the room that was both the sitting room and the kitchen. My Uncle Ivan had Robert held up in the air, trying to entertain him and stop his bawling by bouncing the baby softly above his head.
I dashed over to him, and seeing me, Uncle Ivan handed over the baby. Robert immediately stopped crying and tucked his head into the crook of my neck. I tried to ignore the wet, sticky dribble that rubbed into my skin.
“The lad will only quiet down for you or his mother. What did I ever do wrong?” He huffed, peering at the almost sleeping baby tucked in my arms.
“He’s just tired. He doesn’t want to be bounced around. He wants his rest,” I said kindly. I knew my uncle loved his son dearly; he just wasn’t very good at guessing what Robert wanted. I supposed it must be a male thing—they lacked the motherly instinct.
He just huffed in reply, clearing the table of used dishes.
“Is Aunt Maria in bed?” I sat on one of the wobbly chairs, exhausted, the day’s work catching up with me.
“She’s just gone up. She was doing better today, but a little while ago, the coughing started.” He said it conversationally, but by the stiffness in his shoulders and the grim line of his mouth, I could tell how worried he felt. We didn’t know what ailed her, and we couldn’t afford to buy medicine even if we knew which one to purchase. Healers were rare in the slums. We’d have to pay a healer to come over from the rich side, which would cost a lot of money. More money than we had.
Maybe I should have felt guilty about giving David the two silver coins—we needed the money ourselves—but it would take years of saving silver coins to have enough to hire a healer. Two silver coins was only a drop in the ocean.
I picked nervously at the flaking wood on the table. I felt so helpless. We both knew that she most likely wouldn’t recover from the illness. Not many people did. Even a common winter’s cold could develop into something much more deadly. The thing I hated most was how the rich people could easily get the cure if they needed it. I’d never realised before that wealth could buy life.
“She’ll be alright,” my uncle said, but he sounded like he was trying to convince himself more than me. Not for the first time, I noticed how my uncle had aged years in the last two seasons. Before my aunt had fallen sick, the only wrinkles on his face were the laugh lines around his mouth. Now, he had bags under his eyes and the whites of them were forever bloodshot.
When I was satisfied that baby Robert was completely asleep, I placed him in his wooden crib before the slowly dying fire. Normally, he and my uncle would sleep upstairs with my aunt, but it seemed wise to stay separated so not to risk spreading whatever it was she was ill from.
“I’m going to bed,” I said, stifling a yawn. I gave Uncle Ivan a peck on the cheek. He hardly acknowledged me, lost in thought as he seemed to be.
I had my own little space accessible by a thin ladder. I climbed up until I reached the platform made of wooden floorboards. I’d bang my head on the slanted rafters if I stood up, but I was so used to it, I knew how much headroom I had. The only objects that decorated my space were a little set of drawers to hold my personal possessions and a makeshift bed on the floor made of straw.
A single candle that my uncle must have lit cast my shadow up onto the roof of the loft. It made me look gigantic. I stripped down to my shift and lay down on the bed of itchy straw. Even though fatigue was working its way through my body, my mind wouldn’t be quiet. I replayed my day, wondering if my life was destined to be the same boring routine, again and again, or if today was the start of something new. A life where the extent of my excitement wasn’t based on changing beds all day long.
My eyelids became too heavy to keep open any longer, and they finally won the battle.
My last thought was of whether I’d see Captain Rick tomorrow, like he’d said.



Chapter Five
As it turned out, I didn’t see Rick the next day. All day, I watched out for him. Every time I heard someone walking down the corridor outside the general’s room, I’d look, only to be disappointed, repeatedly, when it was just another servant.
By the end of the day, I’d entirely lost hope of seeing him. I reasoned with myself that maybe I’d see him tomorrow. My mind was galloping ahead, trying to come up with a plausible excuse as to why Rick would have lied when he’d said he’d find me. Then I started to worry that he wasn’t the person he’d said he was, and perhaps he’d lied about getting a signed order from Prince Aidric so I’d tell him what that letter had said. Maybe I’d assisted a criminal without my knowledge. Searching a general’s personal possessions—that had been suspicious. I dreaded the consequences if my doubts were true.
I looked for Brayden and Sawyer at the gatehouse on my way out of the castle, hoping I could ask them whether they knew a Captain Rick, and if they didn’t, I’d report that a man was inside the castle pretending to be a captain. But I didn’t see them. I’d have to wait until tomorrow. I was reluctant to report it to anybody other than Brayden or Sawyer. Hopefully, they could stop any blame from falling on me. Even though, technically, I was to blame.
Having dawdled around waiting for Captain Rick to appear, and then loitering to see if I could see Brayden or Sawyer, the sun had already fully set by the time I started home after my day’s work in the castle.
I quickened my footsteps, hoping to draw as little attention to myself as possible. Shifty characters prowled in the shadows. I couldn’t see them, but I could hear them, and I worried that they could see me. I raised my hood, covering my hair as it stood out like a beacon in the darkness.
A drunken man stumbled towards me, stinking of filth and alcohol. I lowered my head, hoping to pass for a man. Men tended to have less trouble in the slums than women did. Women were seen as weak and fragile—women made for easy prey. I needn’t have worried; the man didn’t take any notice of me. I doubted he could even see straight to see me in the first place.
I kept close to the houses that lined the street. Strips of light shone on the road, leaking through the gaps of the window shutters.
Roughly, a hand grabbed my shoulder. My scream was cut off by the palm clasped over my mouth. My heart raced. I twisted in the stony hold my attacker had on me. Panic set in my stomach when a strong arm wound around my waist and pulled me down an empty alley. I tried to dig my feet into the ground, but he easily dragged me.
He was saying something in my ear, but I was too frightened, my breath coming too loudly, for me to hear what he said. I didn’t want to hear what he planned to do to me if I didn’t get free.
I clawed at the hand held over my mouth. I couldn’t pull it fully away but I got enough room to bite him. I tasted blood in my mouth.
He cursed heartily, dropping his hand from my mouth. My biting him had also distracted him enough that he’d loosened the grip he had around my waist.
I brought my elbow up and rammed it as hard as I could into his stomach.
He immediately released me, bending over to catch the breath I’d knocked out of him. Now that I was free from his clutches, my panic subsided, and my anger rose.
How dare this man try to hurt me—or any woman for that matter!
Even though it was almost pitch black, I could just see the outline of the man. One arm was wrapped around his stomach, his head was bent down whilst he gasped for breath.
I curled my hand into a fist, remembering to keep my thumb on the outside. Putting all the power I possessed into my arm, I hit him in the face with a satisfying crack. His head knocked back, his free hand flying up to cover his lip.
Quite pleased with myself that I’d remembered everything Brayden and Sawyer had taught me, I backed out of the alley, always keeping the assailant in my view just in case he recovered and came at me again.
My hand hurt and I flexed it to lessen the pain, but it was a small price to pay for what could have happened if I hadn’t punched him.
“Katelyn,” my attacker gasped, holding up his hand to stop my retreat.
I froze, looking more closely at my attacker. How did he know my name?
It was his hair that made me recognise him. The blonde reflected in the limited light cast by the moon. Like the gills of a fish, it glinted.
“Rick?”
He huffed in reply.
Now, if possible, I was even madder. “What do you think you’re doing? Dragging me down an alley? I thought you were a crazed murderer intent on cutting me into tiny pieces,” I raged. “I should hit you again.”
He straightened up, still holding his cheek. “I’m sorry, Katelyn. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
He took a step towards me, and I quickly took one away. I couldn’t see his face completely, but I detected a frown.
“I am sorry I frightened you. I only wanted to talk,” he reassured in a comforting voice. He took another step towards me and I took another step away, matching his. “Please accept my apology.”
“What are you doing in the slums? If you wanted to talk to me, why did you grab me and pull me down an alley?”
“I didn’t want anyone to see me,” he explained, not moving towards me this time.
I glared at him but he couldn’t see my face, just like I couldn’t see his. All I could make out was the vague outline of a man. “Why?”
“Trust me. It’s best that no one sees me, or sees me talking to you.”
“Why?” I asked again with more force.
“It’s for your own safety.”
“You know what, Captain Rick?” My voice hardened with sarcasm. “I don’t believe you. First, you’re prying around in the general’s room. Next, you tell me not to tell anyone about our conversation. Then you say you’ll approach me today in the castle, but you never show. And just a moment ago, you attacked me in the dead of night. What part of that doesn’t appear suspicious to you, Rick?”
“Katelyn,” he sighed, running his hands through his hair in frustration. “The last thing I want is any harm to befall you. You have to trust that if nothing else,” he pleaded. “My only concern is your safety and the protection of our kingdom.”
I remained mute, not knowing what to believe anymore. I wanted to trust he spoke the truth but I knew from experience the ease to which some people mastered lying.
“I didn’t find you today because I’d convinced myself that I didn’t need your help, but in the end, I realised that I did. I don’t think you comprehend the danger I’m putting you in just by talking to you. How can I live with myself if you got hurt and it was my fault?”
“Why would I get hurt?” I wondered, confused at his logic. I noticed that we now stood closer. Whether he’d moved, or I’d moved, I didn’t know. I think we were both oblivious to the magnetism that drew us closer.
He paused, and I could tell he was making a decision. Taking a deep breath, he said dramatically, “The magicians are coming.”
I rolled my eyes. “You told me that yesterday.”
“Not just Atlainia, but First Kingdom. They don’t have permission to visit so they’re breaking the treaty. I’m under orders from the king to discover what they want. Here’s the signed order you wanted.” Reaching inside his cloak, I could just make out the rolled up piece of parchment he pulled out. He handed it to me, and when I took it, I could feel the expensive quality of the paper, but it was too dark for me to read it now. “It’s signed by Prince Aidric. It proves that I’m who I say I am.”
Just then, a shadow was cast at the mouth of the alley. Someone walking past, I imagined.
“Come on. It’s not safe here.” He seized my wrist and pulled me along, further down the alley.
I didn’t struggle. I just let him lead me through the streets. More and more people skulked in the night. Crazed and opportunistic eyes watched us like hungry animals. I worried that if they ganged up on us, Rick and I wouldn’t stand a chance.
“Are you armed?” I whispered to him.
“Of course,” he replied, just as quiet, in a tone that said the answer should have been obvious.
We travelled in silence until I couldn’t stand the tension anymore. “Sorry about hitting you.” I felt it was necessary to say. Now that we were out of the alley, I could see the damage I’d inflicted. His lip was burst and the swelling had already started to set in.
He chuckled. “Don’t be. I’m just glad you know how to defend yourself. Who taught you to fight like that?”
“Friends,” I answered evasively.
“Male friends?” He wasn’t laughing anymore, back to being serious.
“Of course,” I replied, copying his answer and tone that he’d used earlier.
He huffed and continued to hold onto my wrist, leading me further and further away from my home.
Just when I was about to ask where we were going, he stopped at the house on the end of the street. Unlocking the door, he held it open for me to enter first. I was starting to notice that Rick automatically did the gentlemanly thing. Add on the fact that he spoke grammatically and he had no accent, conveyed to me that he was from a family of higher class, from the rich side in all probability.
“Is this your house?”
“What? No, no. This is a safe house.” He went around the room, lighting candles placed in holders.
“A safe house? You own one?”
“It doesn’t belong to me. It’s just somewhere safe to stay if someone needs it. Say if someone was in hiding, they could reside here for a while.”
I paused in my inspection of the room at his words, suspicious once again. “Are you in hiding?”
“In a manner of speaking,” he said eventually after pausing to consider his answer.
I was sick of all his cryptic answers. A man with many secrets—that was Rick. Now that I could see, I examined the scroll he’d given me. The letter was sealed with a coin-sized wax stamp, embossed with the symbol of First Kingdom—the dragon. I broke the seal and unrolled it. I read the words written in elaborate handwriting. The order confirmed that Rick was in fact Captain Rick and that I should impart to him any knowledge that I might believe would be useful. It didn’t say on what topic the information should be, but I imagined it wouldn’t be wise to carry around proof that magicians were invading First Kingdom. If it got out, the people would panic. I had to admit, I was close to panicking.
The order was signed by Prince Aidric and next to it was his personal wax stamp. I marvelled that I was holding something that a prince had held. Silly attitude, I knew, but this was the closest to royalty I was ever likely to get.
I looked up to see Rick watching me closely with an expression I couldn’t understand.
“Do you believe me, now?”
I smiled a small smile. “Yes, Captain Rick. I can hardly argue with a prince.”
He looked away and clenched his jaw, almost like he was angry. What was he angry about? Was he annoyed that I hadn’t believed him to begin with?
I shrugged the questions away. It didn’t matter the reason. Living in the slums, you learnt to be distrusting first, and only trusting when someone had proven it. Rick’s letter was enough proof for me.
“Just Rick,” he mumbled, striding around the room and locking the shutters closed. “Not Captain Rick. Just Rick.”
“Alright,” I relented. “Have you got anything to eat in this safe house of yours, Just Rick?” I’d been reminded of my hunger when my stomach announced that it hadn’t been fed since midday.
“Yes, please excuse my thoughtlessness,” he said distractedly and started to search through the cupboards in the kitchen.
I shifted in the chair I’d taken at the table, unnerved with his comfortable use of good conduct. “You don’t have to act like you’re on display when you’re with me. Let’s face it; I’m not exactly a lady.”
“Ah, but I have to disagree, dear Katelyn. You’re the fairest lady I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting.”
I waited to see if he was teasing, snorting when I realised he was serious. “Well, stop it,” I said sternly, watching him as he set a plate of bread, cooked meats and cheese on the table before me. “It makes me uncomfortable.”
“Forgive me.”
“And stop apologising about every little thing.”
“Forgive—”
I stopped him with a look, making his mouth snap shut in surprise. He hadn’t even noticed what he was doing. Habit, it seemed. Only the rich were courteous out of habit, I reasoned, again wondering about Rick’s background.
He sighed, taking a seat across the table from me. “I’ve been raised to treat women with the utmost respect. After so many years, it becomes habit.”
I’d just been thinking that of him. “Did your mother teach you?”
“No, my mother died giving birth to my youngest brother. It was my father who raised me in the morals he believes in.” Respect fortified his voice, making him sound more esteemed that I’d ever heard him sound before.
I watched him, eating the cheese he’d given me—I’d saved it till last as cheese was a luxury in the slums and I’d rarely had it before.
Speaking of Rick’s parents made me think about my own. Like every time before when I’d thought of them, I felt an empty space within me, a gap only they could fill. Over the years, the hole had only become bigger, a void unable to be filled. How could someone know who they were if they didn’t know where they’d come from?
I couldn’t fault my aunt and uncle. But even though I adored them, I’d always had the sensation of being an outsider. The two of them—now three, since Robert had been born—were a close-knit family. I felt like a stranger—a lone entity. Feeling that my home was never my home, that I was a visitor waiting to return—but return to where? I didn’t know. I doubted I’d ever know.
Every time I felt like this—like I did now—I told myself that this was my life. That not having two coins to rub together was the norm, and getting attacked in the slums and living to tell the tale was as thrilling as it got.
I stared at Rick, watching him watch me. Now Rick was a different story. Just looking into his mysterious eyes—so green they challenged a cats for their peculiarity—they shone with adventure and proof that the world was filled with marvellous things that he’d seen…and that I never would.
I cleared my throat, breaking the silence that was starting to get uncomfortable with the intensity of it.
“Your father sounds like a great man,” I said, remembering what we’d previously been discussing but having forgotten under his hypnotic stare.
“He is,” he agreed solemnly, fondly. “There’s no man his equal.”
“You’re lucky to have him.”
“Yes, I am. It’s just—” He broke off, and stared into the hearth where the fire he’d lit burned. “He wishes for me to...do something I do not wish to do.”
“What does he want you to do?” I couldn’t imagine anybody telling Rick what to do, not even his father. He was so confident and sure of himself that I couldn’t see him following anybody else’s orders.
“I don’t normally talk about this, especially with someone I’ve known for a day, but—” he halted, breathing deeply. I could see his wide shoulders move under the travelling cloak that he hadn’t yet removed. “But, there’s...something about you.”
He gradually turned away from the fire, but he didn’t look at me. He stared, unblinking, over my shoulder. “He wants me to make a promise, and I can’t keep it,” he responded after a moment, speaking each word carefully and slowly. “But he’s pushing me to do it. He says it’s for my own good, and for the good of the...family.” He swung his gaze to me and I had to stop from reaching out to him, to comfort him, seeing the grief and anguish in his eyes. “Have you ever been made to do something you absolutely, indisputably, don’t want to do?”
“No,” I answered soberly. “I haven’t.”
“You’re fortunate. To be able to write your own destiny, instead of it already being written for you before you’re even born, that is freedom.” He smiled but it was anything but humorous.
“I don’t know what your father wishes you to do, but I do know this: everyone, everyone, writes their own future.” I shrugged like my point should have been obvious.
“So, not a big believer in fate?” he mocked, his mood lightening, becoming interested.
I took his question seriously even though I didn’t think he actually wanted an answer. “I believe that fate can take us to a certain place...but we all have to make a choice in the end.” I waved my hand towards him. “It may have been fate that we met—that I was the servant who happened to walk into the same general’s room that you were in—but it was my choice to help you. No power could have made me do something I didn’t want to do.”
“So much wisdom under that red hair of yours,” he teased.
I smoothed down my hair, self-conscious. I could feel the untameable volume under my fingertips. I gave up after a moment, realising it wasn’t going to be reasonable.
I’d just thought of something. “My aunt and uncle are going to be worried. I normally return from work well before now.”
“I’ll send a messenger first thing tomorrow, to let them know you’re safe, but I think it’s wise that you stay here tonight.”
I nodded in agreement. I’d already been attacked tonight—by Rick, but the terror had been real—and I didn’t wish to experience it again.
Deciding it was time to return to the subject of concern, I steered away from the personal topics. “So, you’re on a mission from the king?”
He took a deep breath. “Yes. Prince Aidric learnt, during his visit to Second Kingdom, that the magicians are coming to First Kingdom. That letter you read was from one of the commanders from Second Kingdom. Apparently, we have something that the magicians want, and they’re willing to pay whoever can get it for them.” His voice turned murderous. “I just don’t know what they want.”
“I do.” I tried to keep the smugness out of my tone, but I don’t think I succeeded.
At first, he was speechless, but once he got over it, he laughed out loud. The sound bounced off the walls, relaxed and trouble-free. “How I could, even for a moment, think I didn’t need your assistance, I’ll never know?”
“Apparently, a lot of people are looking for it. I heard a couple of generals talking. How is it that you don’t know? Did you ask?”
“I asked a few, but they claimed innocent, pretending to not know what I was talking about, even though I knew they did.” His full, bow-shaped lips moved as he ground his teeth.
“Why wouldn’t they tell you? I imagine a lot of captains are searching for it. The reward money is great, from what I heard.”
Rick grimly nodded. “One hundred gold coins.”
I whistled out a breath. That wasn’t just a great amount, it was a fortune. “So, why wouldn’t the other captains tell you—a captain like them?”
His mouth pressed into a firm line, making his cheekbones even more pronounced. His shoulders stiffened. “I’m recognisable to every member of the Guard. I’m known for my...loyalty. Every person who’s searching for what the magicians want is committing treason. They all know that, so if they told me what it is they’re searching for, they’re admitting to treason.”
“You know I’m not admitting to treason, right?”
He flashed his perfectly white teeth when he smiled. “I know.” Placing his elbows on the table, he leant forward. “What do the magicians want?”
“A jewel, a crimson jewel.”
“A jewel?” His forehead crinkled in confusion. “They’re travelling all the way to Atlainia for a piece of rock?” he asked in disbelief.
“That’s what I heard.”
“Are the magicians already here?” He didn’t wait for my answer. “I imagine they are. How else would they spread the word of what they’re looking for?” This time, his question was rhetorical, or so I presumed.
“Is it the White Magicians?” I swallowed. “Or the Black?”
“Let’s pray it’s the former.”
I quickly nodded my head in agreement. “But what makes this stone so special? Atlainia is full of jewels. Why do they want this specific one?” I’d been questioning this all day. What made it so special? Does it have magical powers? But, if it did, and it was in the castle, wouldn’t someone have noticed a red jewel that could turn someone into a frog if they touched it?
“I don’t know. That’s what we have to figure out.” He peered at me through his long eyelashes as he stretched out his legs, using the back of the chair for support. “What does the gem look like? Is it big or small?”
“They didn’t say. Just that they were searching the castle for a ‘crimson jewel’, so obviously, it’s red,” I responded around a yawn. It seemed that the energy boost my body had welcomed fighting Rick had now completely bled dry.
“How do they even know it’s in the castle? It could be anywhere in First Kingdom,” he speculated, rubbing his chiselled jaw, drawing my eye to the days’ worth of stumble shadowing his face.
I blinked myself out of staring. “If you’re looking for a jewel, where would be the first place you looked?” Tiredly, I leant my elbow on the table, propping my head in my hand.
“Point made. Now all we have to do is find it before anyone else does.”
I straightened up. “What’s with this ‘we’? I’ve done my part. You’re on your own.”
He looked so disappointed that I regretted my rash words. It was true that I couldn’t afford to become more involved with this magician business. Getting mixed up with magicians wasn’t always safe for your wellbeing—meaning: people tended to die.
“How do you expect me to search the whole castle on my own?”
“How do you expect the two of us to search the whole castle? Get some of your men to help you look,” I suggested gently, but with no less conviction.
“How will I know who to trust? If some of the men on the Guard are already searching, what stops them from stealing it if they found it? Every man has a price,” he argued with undeniable certainty, raising one eyebrow, waiting for my response.
I looked him dead in the eye. “Captain Sawyer and Captain Brayden are two men you can trust with your life.”
“Do you trust them with yours?”
I chuckled humourlessly. “Yes, I have, many times in the past.”
He appraised me for a moment, contemplating me. For what? I didn’t know. “I’ll remember your advice. But for now, I think it’s best if this stays between the two of us.”
I suppose he did have a point. People would double-cross their own fathers for a hundred gold coins. They’d have no trouble and no conscience in double-crossing Rick.
I didn’t believe that every man had a price. Not Sawyer and Brayden. They understood loyalty better than anyone I knew. I almost resented Rick for doubting my friends, silly as that might have been. He didn’t know them from any other man.
But, if Rick didn’t deem people trustworthy, how could he depend on anyone? Maybe he couldn’t, and that was the reason why he was so pessimistic. Perhaps he’d never had anyone in his life he could trust. Or perhaps it was his own inability to trust that made it appear as if he couldn’t trust anyone. I was more inclined to believe the former reason. Wasn’t he trusting me, right now, by enlisting me to help? Pity for him consumed me. Did he not have anyone in his life he could trust implicitly?
I knew what trust was. I felt it for my family, for Sawyer and Brayden.
Rick, apparently, didn’t.
“I’ll pay you.”
If a fierce look could kill a person, Rick would be lying on the floor gasping his last. “I can’t be bought,” I snapped, secretly hurt that he thought that I could. Apparently, every woman has a price, too.
“I didn’t—I don’t,” he sputtered, surprised at my outburst. He seemed to compose himself by taking a deep breath. He got up from his chair, rounding the table to crouch in front of me. This put us at eye level. It was unnerving, but I couldn’t help getting lost in his eyes.
My hair was my one feature that made me different; Rick’s were his eyes.
At this moment, his eyes shone with sincerity, with such genuineness that, try as I might, I couldn’t doubt whatever he was about to say. They were a weapon in themselves. They didn’t need the powerful body that wielded them to be the compelling force that they were.
He reached out, only to pull his hand back before touching me. Sometimes—actually, most of the time—Rick acted like he was someone else. I couldn’t specifically give a reason why I thought this. It was more of a feeling. Sometimes, I thought he acted like two separate people all inside the same body. Each character fighting to get out.
Perhaps it was his vague answers to my questions, or perhaps it was the improbability that the king would assign a captain to a mission of such importance. Maybe it was Rick’s unarguable class that he tried so hard to hide but never could thoroughly enough to be convincing, but I couldn’t shake the sensation that Rick wasn’t telling me everything there was to tell.
“I didn’t mean to imply that I think you can be bought. It’s just that you’ll be doing me a service, and I wish to pay you for your time.” He shrugged. “Isn’t there something you need the money for?”
“That’s not the point. Everyone needs money for something,” I said, thinking about the orphaned children and my sick aunt. That brought something I did need to mind. “I need a healer.”
He frowned in concern, reaching out and actually holding my hand this time. “Are you ill?” He sounded worried, and if I wasn’t mistaken, pained. “Katelyn?” he asked again when I didn’t immediately answer, concern dripping from his voice. “Do you need a healer? Are you ill?”
“No, no, I’m not sick,” I assured, awkwardly patting the hand that held mine with my free one. “That’s the price of my help. You see, my aunt is sick, and we don’t know what’s wrong with her. She can be fine one moment, but then she starts coughing the next. And there’s—she coughs up...”
“Blood,” he finished for me in a grave voice. “She coughs up blood?”
I nodded, mute, too anxious for my aunt’s health to say that she did. But, she did. She coughed up blood. Most of the time, not a small amount, either. It had been so horrible, so frightening the first time I’d seen it happen, I’d just sat there in shock, watching as my uncle tried to calm her, knowing that it was the beginning of the end for her. So helpless—that was how I’d felt.
“It’s done,” he guaranteed without any hesitation. “First thing tomorrow, I’ll send the royal’s healer to see her. He’s very good; he’ll see that she gets the care she needs.”
My body wilted, relief making my muscles weak. Rick’s agreement could make all the difference to my aunt. If all I had to do was help him look for a jewel, then it wasn’t much of a price to pay.
Uncertain of how Rick could get the healer that only treated the royal family to visit my aunt, but happy for the help nevertheless, I let my mind wander. It felt like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders. All thanks to this man.
I gazed into the burning fire that warmed the room. I could hear the crackle and pop of the wood being consumed. Fire; it had two extremes, opposites that were either disastrous or lifesaving. Without it, no one could live. How would we keep warm? What would cook our food? What would we use to craft our weapons? It was just as essential as water.
But, it had a darker side, too. It could take a life just as easily as it gave it. I’d seen the consequences of a wildfire. A fierce force that couldn’t—wouldn’t—be stopped. Only when it had decimated everything in its path would it finally rest.
I didn’t know what happened, but all I could think about was fire. Like once I’d started, I couldn’t stop. I thought of the warmth of it, the burn when you got too close, the way it flickered, the way it was blue in the middle and smudged into reds and oranges.
I yelped, jerking back and making the chair topple backwards as the hearth burst into flames. The fire ran up the walls and it seemed to reach out towards me like beckoning fingers. It died back to its original size just as quickly as it had grown.
Rick reached out to help me up, trying to keep the teasing smile off his face but not quite succeeding. “It’s just air blowing up the grate,” he comforted, leaving me to dust my back off as he cautiously approached the fireplace. Once there, he pulled the metal lever that closed the grate which supplied the fire with air to burn. When it was closed, the fire reduced to a warm glow.
Embarrassed at my reaction, I avoided looking at Rick. It was because I’d been concentrating on the fire so much that I’d reacted by falling off my chair, I convinced myself. But that still doesn’t change the fact that you’ve just made a fool of yourself, Katelyn.
“Are you alright?” There was both concern and repressed laughter in his voice.
It was either laugh or cry, so I decided to laugh. I laughed at my own stupidity and Rick’s pathetic attempt to keep from laughing. He couldn’t keep his chuckle from escaping once I’d started. His laugh sounded dry, like he didn’t use it often enough to sound carefree, like how a laugh was supposed to be.
Once our fit of laughter had subsided, I righted my chair whilst Rick retook his seat across the table. He laid his arms on the surface, his open palms facing up. “Let’s talk about tomorrow. You’ll go to the castle, like normal, but this time you’ll be working in the Keep, but instead of cleaning, you’re going to collect every crimson jewel you can find.”
“What will you be doing?”
“I’ll be searching with you. But we have to be careful. If anyone sees us together, they’ll know you’re working for me.”
“I understand.” I really didn’t. Did he not want people to see us together so I wouldn’t be put in harm’s way, like he’d said was a possibility? Maybe it was because people would be closed-mouthed around me if they knew I was helping Rick.
It didn’t matter the reason, I told myself. I was only doing this so my aunt got a healer. All I had to do was follow Rick’s orders and help him find the jewel. When I put it like that, it didn’t seem like such a hardship. “How will we know if we have the right one? Maybe it’ll glow,” I said sarcastically.
“It could do, for all I know,” he answered sincerely. “Knowing magicians, it probably does. But, seriously, we’ll just collect every crimson jewel in the castle, and once we have them all, no one has a chance of stealing the right one. Then we’ll find a way of figuring out which is the right stone.”
I tried to think of a more successful plan, but came up blank. We didn’t even know if the jewel was a tiny thing or a stone the size of my fist, so it looked like we’d have to take them all, just to be safe.
“Shall I meet you at the castle in the morning?” I subdued the yawns that repeatedly threatened to surface.
“Yes, at the back entrance to the Keep. Do you know where it is?”
I nodded. “I’ve never been there, but I remember the way from The Hag—er...Helen telling me on my first day.”
He snorted. “The Hag? Is that what you call her?”
Nodding, I said, “Not to her face, of course. But the woman’s a vixen. She hates my guts.”
“Don’t worry about it. She hates everyone.”
My lips twitched as I thought of The Hag’s reaction when I told her I’d be working in the Keep. She’ll give birth to kittens. A Slummer as a royal’s servant was unimaginable...
“What if Helen doesn’t believe I’m telling the truth?”
“Don’t worry about her; leave it to me. All you need to know is that your new uniform will be waiting for you in the servant’s dressing room.” He eyed me up and down. “But now, I think you should get some sleep.”
I couldn’t stifle my next yawn once he’d mentioned sleep. “I think you’re right.” I got up, untying the old, grey cloak from around my neck and set it on the floor in front of the fire.
I turned to wish Rick goodnight only to find him eyeing me in what could only be described as open curiosity. He looked bewildered at my actions.
“What are you doing?” he perplexedly asked.
I waved to my cloak. “I’m going to sleep.”
Now, he looked appalled, abruptly jumping to his feet. “Not on the floor, you’re not.” He swept up my cloak, neatly folding it before setting it on the table. “Come on.”
He pulled me, by my arm, to the rear of the house and up a narrow staircase. The wooden steps creaked under our combined weight. Once we were on the landing, I had to trust Rick to lead the way because I couldn’t see a thing. He opened a door and led me into a room that was illuminated by a single candle that rested on the window ledge. The bedroom was moderate in size and comprised of a double bed and a few pieces of furniture.
“You can sleep here,” he ordered in a stern voice, one that said there’d be no room for arguments.
“In the bed?”
“Of course.”
I eyed the bed like I’d never seen one until now. “I’ve never slept in a real bed before,” I said out loud, not realising I had until Rick looked at me in shock, his mouth gaping open slightly.
His mouth snapped together. “Never?”
I shook my head. “Not that I can remember,” I added, thinking that I could have done with my parents, but forgotten.
“Well...good night, Katelyn.” He tenderly took hold of my hand and I couldn’t help but notice his hands were warm. The tips of his fingers and his palm were callused, suggesting that he was experienced with a weapon. His lips lightly touched the back of my hand before he let my hand fall.
Walking the few steps to the door, he paused and turned with his hand on the doorknob. “Sleep well.”
Then he was gone, shutting the door quietly behind him. I tried to hear if he’d gone back downstairs or into another bedroom, but, try as I might, I couldn’t hear his movements. The man could sure move stealthily.
I sighed whilst removing my boots. I didn’t feel comfortable removing my clothes so I left them on. I pulled back the thick quilt, running my hands over the smooth cotton.
I thought about why Rick would react so strongly to the declaration that I’d never slept in a bed before. It wasn’t that uncommon. Many people didn’t even have a house, never mind a bed. I supposed to someone of Rick’s class, not owning a bed seemed outrageous. I tried to shrug off the feelings of discomfort I felt, thinking that maybe Rick thought less of me because of my poverty and lack of even meagre possessions.
I wondered belatedly where Rick would be sleeping, but the comfort of the bed made me forget my guilt at possibly stealing his bed. The mattress seemed to swallow me, reshaping to wrap around me. The padded quilt felt like a soothing caress, lulling me into a peaceful sleep.
That night, I dreamt of Rick, a crimson jewel...and an uncontrollable fire that wouldn’t stop burning.



Chapter Six
The sound of people talking on the street below woke me from what felt like a drug-induced sleep. Normally, I woke to stiff muscles and a sore back, but now, my muscles were all loose and rested. I was reluctant to leave the comfort and warmth of the bed, but I knew I was due at the castle soon.
Then, I remembered. It hadn’t been a dream. I wasn’t cleaning today; today I was searching the Keep for a crimson jewel.
I groaned, pulling the covers over my head to prevent the day’s light from blinding my drowsy eyes. Although, a part of me was glad for the fact that Rick wasn’t only a dream, but a real, living, breathing man. I’d never met anyone like him before. He was so...chivalrous. That was the only word I could think of to adequately describe him.
I hoped my uncle hadn’t been too worried about me. No doubt, he would have been, but I hoped he hadn’t done anything crazy like gone looking for me. I didn’t have the time to call home to reassure him of my safety, so I hoped Rick had been true to his word and sent a messenger—along with a healer. As senseless as it was to trust a man that I’d known for only two days, I did trust him. I could tell that Rick wasn’t a betrayer of his word—at least, I hoped he wasn’t.
Just because I didn’t think that Rick would deliberately lie, it didn’t change the fact that I still felt he was keeping something from me. But, I rationalised with myself, just because he was secretive didn’t mean he was deceiving me. Everyone had secrets, including me.
I threw the quilt off me before I was tempted to fall back asleep. Rick and I had a deal, and I planned on sticking to my side, giving him no reason not to stick to his. My clothes were completely wrinkled, twisted from my movements in my sleep. I straightened them as best as I could—which wasn’t very straight, but I didn’t really care. I found a porcelain bowl filled with water. I quickly washed myself as best as I could, gurgling some water in my mouth to get rid of the furriness on my tongue.
Once I’d improved my appearance to the best of my ability, I eased open the door to the landing. The doors to the other rooms were all open so I didn’t think Rick was in any of those. This wasn’t my house, so I didn’t feel comfortable searching through it. I went down stairs only to find he wasn’t there either.
“Rick?” I called, wondering if he was in a room that I couldn’t see. The sooner we started searching for this crimson jewel, the sooner my life could go back to normal. No more talk of magicians or secret missions from the king. No more attacks from Rick in dirty alleys, late at night. I rolled my eyes, remembering Rick’s silly stunt. Didn’t he know anything about the slums? If he’d grabbed anyone other than me, he’d be sporting a knife wound right about now.
I didn’t receive an answer when I called his name again. When I neared the table that we’d been sat at last night, I saw a piece of white manuscript lying on my folded cloak. I smiled slightly as I remembered Rick folding the cloak with such precision.
I picked up the letter and saw masculine writing; it was no less neat for its masculinity.
Dear Katelyn,
I sincerely hope you slept peacefully.
I’m expected this morn in the castle, so regretfully, I had to leave before dawn.
I’ll meet you at the place we discussed,
Rick.
It was strange, but when I read the words, I could almost hear his charming, well punctuated voice. I smiled faintly, running the tips of my fingers over the indentations the letters made. I’d already become accustomed to his courteous, gentlemanly traits. He was definitely from the rich side to speak as well as he did. People in the slums talked in slang, words having meaning only Slummers knew. I’d been taught to speak properly by my aunt, but sometimes the Slummer in me slipped out from time to time.
I let the note slip through my fingers to float back to the table. I shook out my cloak, sweeping it over my shoulders to tie around my neck. I left the safe house by the front door. I hoped Rick realised that I didn’t have a key to lock up. I shrugged it off; there was nothing I could do about it.
I walked briskly to the castle, waving to the children who lived in Old Matthews’ house as I went.
I entered the same way I did every day, but today it felt different. The mundane had been replaced with a mission from the king. Crazily, I wanted to look around for anyone who might be following me. Silly thought, I knew, but I felt paranoid. When the guards searched me, and then checked my name on their lists, I was nervous, waiting to be accused of something, like I was doing something wrong.
But the accusation never came and I carried on, unstopped.
Joan, the cook, was already getting changed into her uniform when I ambled into the servant’s dressing room. And she wasn’t alone.
A few other women, ones that I knew from their faces rather than their names, seemed to be huddled together, gossiping. I wondered what the topic of gossip was today. No doubt it was about the latest scandal to grace the castle’s walls.
I didn’t have to wait long to find out what the topic of discussion was. As soon as they caught sight of me, the room died of voices. There was a couple of moments silence—I was sure that if a stone dropped it would have sounded loud—then the women all started talking at once.
I flattened my back against the wall as many questions were fired at me in many voices at once. Some were curious. A few bubbled with excitement. Many had an angry tone. The majority seemed to be accusing me of something, but I couldn’t differentiate the words to understand what they were saying.
“Be quiet, all of yer!” someone yelled above all the noise. “Give the girl a chance to speak her tale.”
I saw that the yeller was Joan. She stood on a stool somewhere in the middle of the room, trying to get everyone’s attention. I still didn’t comprehend what had caused me to be the source of their gossip—and anger. From one extreme to the other—first I was ignored, and then I was the centre of attention.
“Is it true?”
This was from Joan, I found, looking up from the sea of faces peering at me. My forehead crinkled in confusion. “Is what true?”
“That yer’ve been having an affair with one o’ the lords, and once yer found out yer were up the spout, he paid yer to keep quiet by getting yer a promotion as a royal’s servant.”
My mouth gaped open in shock. I’m pretty sure my eyes were bulging, also. “What?” I yelped once I’d recovered from my disbelief. I looked at the many faces surrounding me, all of which seemed to agree with Joan’s outrageous assumption. For the first time, I noticed my new uniform, hung up for everyone to see. With the accusation they were making, my new fancy servant’s uniform was proof, in their eyes, that their delusional story was true.
“Is it true?” Joan asked again, no hardness in her voice, just friendly inquisition.
“No, no, it’s not true. Not—one—bit.” I shook my head in disbelief. “How—what—where did you hear something so ridiculous?”
“Well, Helen told us that you’ve been ‘specifically requested’ by a royal to become a royal’s servant.”
I was amazed that Rick could have done all this in the short time since he’d left before dawn. He must have some powerful connections to pull this off so fast. From lowest ranking servant to highest, all whilst I slept, unaware. If only it was for real. Instead, once Rick and I found the crimson jewel, I’d go back to stripping dirty beds.
All my questions about Rick were overshadowed with the more important situation currently before me. “So you all just presumed I’d been fraternising with one of the royals? There was no way that I could have gotten the promotion by being a good servant?” My tone hardened with the repressed anger that built inside of me. Just because I was a Slummer, did they all think I’d sell myself, just to get a better job? I often thought that Slummers were better than people from the rich side. A Slummer rarely passed judgement on someone without even knowing them first. Not like these women were doing to me.
“Some of us have been here longer than you! Why do you get a promotion?” a woman with mousey hair fumed. “I’ve been here years, and I don’t get to be a royal’s servant. What makes you so special?”
“Why don’t you ask the royal that requested me?”
She glared at me before looking away. We both knew she wouldn’t do that. You never spoke out of turn to a royal, only ever speaking when you were spoken to. And when you did answer, you answered with good manners. And you especially didn’t ask them about a decision they’d made that you disagreed with. Not if you wanted to keep your head on your shoulders.
I marvelled how Rick had gotten a royal to request me. It could have been the Prince Aidric, or even the king, I thought in awe. After all, he was on a mission assigned from the king; surely he had assistance when necessary.
The more I thought about it, the more questions I had.
“So, it’s not true?” This, again, was from Joan. She seemed to have elected herself as lead spokeswoman for the group. “You’re not in a motherly way with a lord’s sprog?”
I shook my head in jerky movements. “No.”
The women stared at my belly, looking for proof that what I said was true. They must have deemed me acceptable because most filed out of the room, nattering about a royal wedding being planned. I sighed in relief when their attention shifted away from me. I was quickly forgotten as the next topic of gossip was chosen. I wondered who was getting married, or was it fictional, like the story they’d made up about me.
“Who’s getting married?” Now that I was free from the gossip-hungry women, I started to change into my uniform. The material was so soft it almost slipped through my fingers. Unlike my other servant’s dress, this fitted perfectly—like it had been made for me. It was still modest and slightly unflattering, but people would be able to tell my new servant’s status simply by looking at me.
“Didn’t you hear?” a woman about my age happily conversed. “First Kingdom’s getting a new queen.”
“Is the king remarrying?” The king’s wife, our past queen, had died many years ago. He’d never remarried, so I was confused as to why he would do so now. Was it to forge an alliance between two kingdoms of Atlainia? Did the royals ever marry for love, or was it always political? Didn’t they get sick of being traded like a prized bull at market?
“No, no, not the king.” She laughed as if the idea was absurd. “Prince Aidric’s marrying Lady Olivia from Second Kingdom. She’ll be queen when he becomes king.”
This truly was big news. She could bring about some big changes to the kingdom. A woman of power could be a heady thing indeed. Once married to Prince Aidric, she’d have the same power he had. Would she use her newfound power to open homeless shelters, to clean up the slums, to truly help people? “Is she fair?”
“Oh, yes,” she assured excitedly. “She’s very beautiful.”
“Oh,” I told her back as she walked away. I hadn’t meant if she was fair of face. I didn’t care if she was beautiful to look upon. I’d wanted to know where she stood in the belief that women should be treated the same as men. Did she want to see more schools, healing houses and orphanages opened during her reign? Whether she believed in helping the poor instead of hindering them with taxes that none could afford. Those were the qualities that should matter in a queen, not whether she looked good sat on her throne or not.
After changing hurriedly, I made my way to the meeting place Rick and I had decided on the night before. I took the wrong passage a few times, having to backtrack to the last turn in the corridor I recognised, but finally, I located the back entrance to the Keep. Rick was nowhere in sight so I leant against the wall, using the rough stones behind me to file down my jagged nails.
It seemed like a long time before there was any sound of someone close by. I heard footsteps in the distance, increasing in volume the closer the person came. My head turned towards the sound, and seeing the man rounding the curve in the passage, I knew it wasn’t Rick. This man had a similar hair colour to him, but this man’s face was half covered with a thick beard.
However, something about the man’s stiff and proper posture made me think that I knew him. I racked my brains for a name, but came up empty.
Just then, the man ran his hand through his hair, and I knew I’d seen that gesture before.
“Rick?”
“Good morn, Katelyn.” That was definitely Rick’s voice coming out of the stranger’s mouth.
He stood before me now, and if I didn’t already know it was Rick, I still wouldn’t have recognised him. The beard and moustache—that looked like it would have taken a whole season to grow—completely changed the shape of his face. His strong jaw and defined cheekbones were hidden beneath the hair that seemed to have magically sprouted overnight.
“What’s it stuck on with?”
“Glue,” he informed me whilst patting the beard down.
“Ouch,” I sympathised, imagining the pain he’d incur when removing the strong adhesive. “Why are you wearing that thing? Don’t get me wrong, it’s a good disguise. I didn’t even know it was you at first. But who’s going to recognise you in the Keep? Don’t all the royals live there?”
He held up his hand to stop my questioning. “Firstly, yes, I’m wearing the beard so I don’t get recognised. Secondly, thank you for the compliment about the beard; I’m considering growing one for real. Thirdly, yes, all the royals live in the Keep. And lastly”—he inhaled—“I may be recognised by one of the royal family.”
My eyebrows rose. “But why would it matter if someone from the royal family saw you? You told me you were on a mission from the king. Why do you need to disguise yourself from him?”
He looked anywhere but my eyes. Trying to be modest, I guessed. “Well,” he stalled. The sigh he released brushed my face. “Let’s say that it makes my life easier if people, royal or otherwise, don’t identify me.”
Why? I wanted to ask but held my tongue. “You didn’t ask for my help just so that I’d question you about everything. My aunt always told me: curiosity killed the cat.” I tapped my chin. “We’ve never had a cat, so I never did find out what she meant by that.”
Ricks lips pressed together in repressed laughter. I knew he was too gentlemanly to laugh in the face of my confusion so I smiled to let him know I’d been joking. He chuckled.
“Oh, Rick?”
“Yes,” he responded, placing his hand on my shoulder and steering me down the passageway in the direction he’d appeared from.
“Don’t grow a beard.”
He chuckled again. “Do I really look that bad?”
“No,” I assured him. “It’s just that you look better without one.”
One eyebrow rose slowly and I could have kicked myself for saying too much.
“Or not,” I stammered, blood rushing to my cheeks. “Either way. What do I care?” Why didn’t I know when to keep my mouth shut? Keep your opinion to yourself, Katelyn. Like a fish taking in water to breathe, my mouth wouldn’t stay closed.
The silence stretched on. It was an uncomfortable silence. I really needed to start assessing my thoughts before I put them into words. My mouth had a tendency to spill words out without my brain firstly deeming them fit for other people’s ears.
“No beard it is,” he stated quietly. From the corner of my eye, I could see him looking at me, waiting for a reaction, so I tried for an indifferent shrug in reply.
He gave my shoulder a friendly squeeze.
I was sure my mind was suffering from the effects of the heat. That or I must have been dropped on my head as a child. What other reason was there for my heart to flutter when Rick had agreed to not grow a beard? Crazy girl, I admonished silently.
I wrestled my wondering mind under control. We had more important topics to discuss.
“Did you send the healer to my house?” He confirmed that he had with a nod of his head. “Wait, how did you know where I live? I don’t remember telling you last night.”
He pressed his lips together and refused to respond.
My feet halted and Rick stopped beside me. “Half the things you’ve said to me since we’ve met haven’t made the slightest bit of sense. You tell me that you’re on a mission from the king, but then you go to great lengths to hide from him. And then there’s the fact that a captain, not a commander, is given the huge task of finding the jewel that the magicians want, and the only help he has is from a lowly servant. And now, you magically happen to know where I live. My head is aching from trying to figure this all out, so I’m going to stop trying. From now on, I work for you until the jewel is found. In return, my aunt sees the healer. And once this is all over, I go back to working as a servant. Does that sound agreeable to you?”
My accusations hung in the air like a cold breeze. I knew that my voice had turned frosty at the end of my speech, but I didn’t care. I wanted answers, but it seemed I was destined to go on wanting. Rick was a closed book, refusing to lay his pages bare.
I was a firm believer of giving someone the benefit of the doubt. They only got one chance, mind. If they broke my trust, there would be no forgiveness. I just prayed that Rick didn’t break mine.
After so long that I didn’t think he’d acknowledge me, he said quietly, “I wish I could tell you, Katelyn. I really do.” He sighed mournfully, his eyelids lowering to show his long lashes. “Apart from my family, there is no one I can trust, no one I do trust. But,” he continued after a pause, “I’ve decided to trust you and I need you to trust me.” His gaze snapped up to collide deeply with mine. “Do you think you could do that?”
I softened when I grasped that I wasn’t being fair to him. I’d just told myself that I was a strong believer of giving people the benefit of the doubt, but look what I’d done with Rick. All his actions to date that been acts of kindness—except from last night when I’d thought he was attacking me. Getting my aunt a healer; giving me food, money, a warm place to sleep—all those things painted his character in a good light in my eyes.
I looked him straight in the eye, deciding there and then to trust that Rick kept his secrets, not because he was deceiving me, but because he did so to protect me. No matter how misguided and annoying that might be.
I nodded and commenced walking down the stone corridor. The only breaks in the rock were metal torches sat in brackets, hanging on the wall.
I wanted to lighten the mood so I settled on the first thing that popped into my head. “Guess what the latest rumour among the servants is?”
One side of his mouth quirked up in a half smile at my playful, secretive tone. “I have no idea.”
“Apparently, I’m a secret mistress to one of the lords. And when I learnt that I was with child, he paid for my silence by getting me a position as a royal’s servant.”
His chuckle rumbled in his chest. “And is it true?”
I swatted his arm in mock annoyance, deciding to play along with him. “Of course it’s true. It was Lord Jeffery, you know.” I pretended to bite my lip in indecision. “Or maybe it was Lord Kelvin? It was dark, after all. I can’t be sure.”
“Oh, my dear child,” he cried dramatically. “Pray it’s neither Lord Jeffery nor Lord Kelvin. Word has it that Jeffery can only ever be found in the bottom of his cup, and Lord Kelvin—well, he lacks the equipment”—his palm rose in a helpless gesture—“to father a child.”
I snorted. “Now look whose spreading rumours.”
“It’s not a rumour if it’s true.”
My eyes widened at his seriousness. “Truly?”
His green eyes danced with amusement, but I didn’t know his expressions well enough to know if he was teasing or not.
I didn’t get a chance to ask him to elaborate. He distracted me by stopping before a huge, double door. It seemed to be the only door in the passageway.
Rick’s bulky hand grasped the large brass handle. Twisting it, he said to me, “Welcome to the Keep,” and pushed open the door.
I felt that this was one of those turning points in my life, a crossroads where I couldn’t make a choice of which road to follow. Did I follow the safe, familiar route? Or did I brave the unknown and take a step over the threshold? I’d heard tales of how the rich side lived. Would I be able to go back to my life once I’d seen what was on the other side of the door? Because, I knew, without doubt, that after seeing how the other half lived, I’d be changed. The next time I saw Little Faye begging in the street, or when I went home to watch my aunt slowly die, how could I not let bitterness fill me when I knew how the other half lived? I could pretend that I didn’t know there was a better way of life—ignorance was sometimes bliss—but after today it wouldn’t be.
Should you always trust your first initial feeling? I’d asked myself that question many-a-time. Sawyer always said it was a special knowledge from within that would always lead you right. The feeling in the pit of my stomach was pushing me forwards, not back.
When Rick gestured through the entry, I only paused for an instant before I crossed over the divide and into the Keep.
Into Heaven.



Chapter Seven
It was like nothing I’d ever seen in my wildest dreams. The place poured out class, riches and extravagance. From the largest wonder to the smallest detail, everything was so beautiful, so spellbinding in its magnificence. Even the floor shined with little specks of glitter.
There was so much detail; my eyes struggled to take it all in. The few times I’d pictured Heaven, this is what I’d imagined. Only angels could craft art this beautiful.
Before us stood a huge grand staircase, looking like it rose towards the heavens. Half way up, the stairs split into two, both flights leading to the balcony above. The banisters were gold, the metal forged into the shape of leaves and roses. A purple rug flowed over each step like a waterfall over rocks.
Craning my neck, I gasped when I saw the ceiling. Painted in every colour of the rainbow, the artist must have spent his whole life dedicated to the masterpiece. Roses bloomed, birds sung, cherubs glided, the sun shone. Every marvel of the world was painted on the ceiling.
When I could drag my vision away, it simply became spellbound with the next wonder my eyes befell.
At the base of the stairs, a black marble statue of a dragon sat watching us, guarding the Keep from intruders. Similar to the symbol on First Kingdom’s flag—except these didn’t breathe fire—the dragon’s eyes seemed to follow me wherever I went.
“If this is the back entrance, I don’t even want to see the front.”
How could the royals live in a place like this? I was conscious of my shoes leaving dirt on the floor as I walked. Even though I longed to touch something, I knew I couldn’t. It would be like spoiling a white rose with red blood—the rose would forever be stained from the touch.
The walls were made of white stone. The only time I’d ever seen anything as white were the clouds on a clear day. Marble columns, twice as wide as me, rose up towards the ceiling, holding the roof up like hands stretching towards the sky. The place smelt like flowers, but I couldn’t see any flowers to be providing the sweet aroma.
Pictures of what I presumed to be past kings, queens, princes and princesses lined each side of the hall, each contained in gold frames that looked like they weighed a ton. By the age of the pictures, these were the older portraits, moving down the hall to the recent royals. I couldn’t see the most recent portrait from here. Each picture had a plaque underneath, detailing the name of the royals and the year of their birth and death. The one closest to me was born some four hundred years ago. It was mind blowing to think that history had been preserved in such a way. The past kings and queens remembered by their great-great-great (many times) grandchildren.
I couldn’t even remember my own parents, never mind my parents’ parents.
“I’ve seen this so many times, I don’t even notice it anymore,” Rick commented, looking around like he was seeing it for the first time. When he finally turned towards me, I felt his gaze on me like a weight.
“How can you get used to this?” My attention caught on a candle stick that rose higher than me. It held many candles, each detailed with coloured stones. You burn the things, I silently pondered. How much decoration did they need?
He shrugged. “I like seeing it through your eyes better. If I imagine what you’re seeing, I think of the royals as fat slobs sat on their backsides all day whilst servants hand feed them.”
My lips tugged into a smile at Rick’s choice of words. It reminded me of what Troy had said the other night, when he’d slurred the king.
“But this,” he continued, waving a hand to encompass everything, “it’s just a mask. It shows other kingdoms that we have the power and riches to defend ourselves if the need arises. It’s also a way of having power over the people from our own kingdom.”
“You hide behind a mask?”
“In a way,” he admitted after he’d paused to consider my meaning.
I recognised the power play they were trying to convey. Intimidation, I admitted to myself, to some extent, was a worthy adversary. But there was something that was worth fighting for so much more than fear.
“But, Rick, what the royals fail to see is that respect, instead of fear, would be a greater power for the people of First Kingdom to see.”
“What do you mean?”
“Why lead with an iron fist when you can lead with a kind word?” I continued with my view when he remained unconvinced. “Think of it this way: Would you rather die in battle for someone you respected, or would you rather die because your king ordered you to?”
“People would see that as a weakness.”
Men could be so narrow-minded. I tried to explain with an example. “Take Brayden and Sawyer—I’d gladly die for them, like they’d die for me. That isn’t a weakness. If anything, it makes us stronger.”
His lips pressed together as he made a slight noise in the back of his throat. “Just friends, are they? It doesn’t sound that way to me.”
I frowned at the tone I’d never heard from him before. “Yes. I said they were, didn’t I?” What did he mean? “Anyway, a king should be like a friend to his subjects.”
“I’m friends with you, aren’t I?”
I bit my lip in confusion. “What’s that got to do with anything?”
He blinked. “Well...” he stalled, “if you’re friends with me, and I’m a member of the King’s Guard, then by extension you must be friends with the king.”
I laughed. “That’s crazy, and so are you. If I ever met the king, or a prince for that matter, they’d definitely have me thrown in the dungeons.”
His lips pulled down. “Why do you say that?”
I chuckled without any humour. “Look at me.” I encompassed myself with a wave down my body. “One look at me, or if they hear a single word out of my mouth, I’ll be labelled Slummer girl.” My eyebrows rose. “Even you aren’t immune from prejudice. The first time we met, you were surprised I could read.”
He looked sheepish. “Yes, I guess I was prejudice. But, I promise you, dear Katelyn, you are changing my mind. All I had to do was spend a few moments in your company, and I knew you were special,” he assured, causing me to look away in embarrassment and disbelief. “One day you will meet the king and he’ll see what I see in you.”
I shook my head at Rick’s insane ramblings. “I’ll never meet the king.”
Regardless, my heart rate increased at the idea of meeting King Edgar, however impossible that might be, and I kind of resented feeling excited by the fantasy. Looking around at the gluttony of the royals, I felt heat flushing through my body.
“Katelyn,” Rick sighed, looking at the floor as if he couldn’t bear to look at me. “There’s something I should tell you. I’m not—”
“I mean, look at this place!” I swept my arm wide to encompass this huge, glaring ensemble of everything I hated—repression, dominance...greed. “It’s absolutely ridiculous.”
I strode over to a small ornament that served no other purpose than to simply look pretty. Picking it up and weighing it in my hands, I confirmed what I’d suspected. “This thing is pure gold! This could feed a family of ten for a year, and yet the king and princes walk past this every day and never see it for what it really is.”
I shook my head in disbelief, my nostrils flaring as I drew a deep breath. “This whole thing is hogwash. What kind of people must the royals be that they can live like this, and still let people on the streets, out there”—I pointed towards the door that was more of a divide than a simple piece of wood should be—“die and not do something—anything. It’s not fair. I hate them.” Hate was a strong word, but at that moment, looking at all this, that was how I felt.
Rick was silent throughout my rant. Poor man. I’d unleashed a lifetime’s worth of built-up emotions in only a few moments, but I just couldn’t help myself. Obviously, I’d known that the royals lived in luxury; I understood that the world was full of injustice and unfairness, but seeing it with my own two eyes simply hammered the truth home.
I took a deep breath until my temper became a simmer, realising that Rick hadn’t done anything to warrant my anger. It wasn’t directed at him, but at the royals. Clearly, they must be compensating for something. Surely?
“What were you going to say?”
Eyes wide, he quickly shook his head. “Nothing.”
I shrugged. “Where is everyone, anyway?” Once I could focus on something other than the riches of the Keep, I noticed that there was a complete absence of any other living souls.
“Making preparations for Lady Olivia’s arrival,” Rick muttered in disdain, rubbing the back of his neck like he was trying to relieve an ache. “She’s expected any day now.”
I imagined the servants falling over themselves in an attempt to make everything perfect for the arrival of the prince’s betrothed. I was glad to be helping Rick. At least I wouldn’t be subjected to The Hag’s wrath—a wrath multiplied by the pressure of a royal event, no doubt.
I gave myself a mental shake, thinking it was time to get back to the reason Rick and I had been thrust together in the first place. “Where do you want to start looking for the jewel?”
He exhaled a long breath but remained undecided. He spun on his heel as he inspected everything in sight.
Silver suits of armour stood against the wall, empty shells guarding the Keep. I was thankful the visors were closed; glad to not witness the eerie image of a man’s suit without a face. They all held swords to their chests, tips pointing down. The pommel—the ball at the end of the hilt—was normally a metal weight to help counterbalance the weight of the blade for a more fluid movement, but as these suits of armour were for display, the metal had been replaced with a red gem.
I pointed it out to Rick. “What about those?”
“As good a place as ever to start, I guess.” He approached the first suit and started to dig the stone out with an eating knife he produced from his belt.
I gasped, shocked, eyes wide. “What are you doing?”
He frowned at me over his shoulder, never stopping his attack on the stone. “I’m getting the stone out, Katelyn,” he explained with a touch of exasperation in his tone. “What did you think the plan was?”
I shook my head. We’re going to get into so much trouble for this. “I don’t think that when King Edgar assigned this mission to you, he meant for you to deface his home,” I exclaimed, panic in my voice.
Rick flashed his white teeth at me, his bright eyes the dominate feature on his striking face. “Don’t worry. He knows what I’m about. He understands that this is the best plan of action. No need to fret—we’ll put them back once we find the right stone.”
I still thought there was a good chance that we’d be beheaded once the king found out what we’d done to his priceless artefacts.
What the hell? I relented, thinking it wasn’t everyday a Slummer girl got to mutilate the Keep. Plus, it was Rick’s neck on the line here, not mine. Shame, I thought. I bet he won’t look nearly as handsome with his head in a basket.
Asking Rick for a knife, I started on the next suit of armour. We worked in silence for the majority of the morning. Every time we saw a red stone, some the size of pebbles, others the size of Rick’s fist, we added them to the bag that he’d produced. By mid-day, the sack was half full and my hand was starting to ache from prying them out.
We found red jewels everywhere—set in vases, in mirror mounts, encased in the arms of lush, padded chairs. It felt like it would take forever to collect them all. I was thankful that we at least knew the colour of the jewel the magicians wanted—imagine if we hadn’t known it was crimson. It would have made for an impossible task to find the right one.
Each room held something new that held me frozen in place, awed. A delicate china tea-set in the drawing room; an exquisite fireplace made of ivory; a window made of coloured glass. The extravagance never stopped, and I couldn’t stop being amazed at each new sight.
Out of all the rooms, the one that captivated me most was the library. Books were rare and precious in our house. I’d always had a fascination with the written word. I especially found it fascinating how different books held a different world for me to escape to. One day, you could be a fierce warrior; the next, a damsel in distress. Books had always been a way to flee my life for a short time, to live as someone else, to be someone else.
The library housed shelf after shelf of books. They lined every available wall from floor to ceiling. Rick had left me here whilst he searched out the next room for us to continue our hunt for the elusive crimson jewel. There weren’t any jewels in here for us to collect—there wasn’t any room for anything other than the volumes of books.
I ran my finger lovingly along the spines of some of them, mentally ticking off the ones I’d read. Many books were about fighting strategies and historic wars—either fact or fiction, I couldn’t discern.
My questing finger stilled on the spine of a book that read one word: “Magic”.
Excitement coursed through me. Maybe this book had the answers to all our problems. It was even possible that the book might contain a picture of the crimson jewel. Wouldn’t that make mine and Rick’s lives a hell of a lot easier?
Pulling the book off the shelf, I guiltily looked over my shoulder. For some reason, I felt sinful, like by reading the book, I was committing a crime. Magicians were forbidden in Atlainia; even talking about magic was taboo. So why did they have a book about it? Maybe know thy enemy and all that?
Flicking through the pages, I was given my first glimpse of the power a magician possessed. How to control the elements; how to bewitch a sword to command the wielder and not the other way around; how to change the day to night; every possible spell I could think of was in the book.
Right at the end of the book was a single page, void of anything but two simple lines.
The crimson jewel is divined the most powerful entity known since the first spell was cast.
Whoever may possess the jewel may control its magic.
“Shirking already?” Rick’s sarcastic voice suddenly uttered, causing me to jump and almost drop the book.
“Don’t do that,” my hand over my heart, feeling the thumping rhythm, I reprimanded him.
He apologised, however from the smirk on his face, I could tell he’d enjoyed shocking me. “What are you reading?”
Passing the book to him, I directed, “Look.”
Reading the sentences again, along with Rick, I wondered about its meaning. No wonder the magicians wanted the jewel—to make the powerful more powerful; it was an addictive drug some would find impossible to resist. And like a drug, once you had power, you only wanted more.
“I never thought to look in the library for a book on magic. Smart of you, Katelyn,” he praised.
“It was lucky I came across it,” I corrected, not wanting him to think I’d been smart enough to search for the book, when instead, it had fallen into my hands. “Are you tempted to keep it?”
“The jewel?” He wanted clarification at my sudden change of topic. When I nodded my head, he shook his. “No, I wouldn’t want that kind of power. There’d always be someone trying to take it from you.” He spoke like he had experience on the matter. How sad.
After that, we continued our hunt, collecting every crimson jewel we came across.
Through the day, the only other people we saw were servants working and errand boys carrying letters. Expecting to have to give an excuse as to why we were stealing jewels, I mentally planned what I’d say. However, I needn’t have bothered. They stared in confusion at what we were doing, stole a single look at Rick, and carried on, not a single accusation leaving their lips.
When the light was beginning to fade, I heard a voice calling out a name. It echoed through the whole Keep, escalating in volume the closer the searcher came to us.
Rick cursed and hid in an alcove, out of view, just as a young man strode into the room. At a guess, he was my age. Fair in hair as well as skin—that was all I saw before I realised who he was and I bowed my head. The diadem on his head and the royal robes he wore gave him away. My stomach churned in nervousness as I hoped he’d ignored me. Silently, I groused at Rick for abandoning me.
“Aidric,” he shouted. When no one replied, he turned his attention to me. “Servant,” he barked. “Have you seen the prince?”
Mutely, I shook my head, not knowing if it was wrong to speak or wrong not to speak. Should I bow? I had no idea, so I stood there like a simpleton in the middle of the floor, avoiding eye contact. To look a royal in the eye was inexcusable. I could talk a good talk—my rant about the royals earlier was testament to that—but in the face of said royal, I wilted like a flower in too much heat.
“When and where was the last time you saw him?” I didn’t appreciate his tone, sounding as if I was something he’d stepped on—like I was an annoyance to him, not the other way around. People had a tendency to condemn me for things I had no control over. I couldn’t change where I lived. I couldn’t change my status as a servant. Some elements of our lives were out of our control, and yet people judged you for them.
“I wouldn’t know what Prince Aidric would look like to recognise him, My Lord,” I replied in a voice full of sickly sweetness.
He sneered, “Highness,” correcting me like I was a dumb child.
“What?” My eyes widened with my mistake. “I mean—I beg your pardon?”
“The correct form of address is ‘Your Highness’. Or ‘Prince Peter’ if I’d given you permission to use my given name—which I did not. So address me as ‘Your Highness’.”
I hoped he couldn’t see how my eyes widened in astonishment; I didn’t want his head any bigger than it already was. This man was Prince Peter. I mentally winced. My first meeting with a royal and its none other than the second heir in line for the throne, below his brother, Aidric, the man he searched for. I’d always imagined that the royals would be full of themselves, but this man took the cake. Did he think that because he was a prince, he could talk to me like that? I’d better tread carefully—he could have me executed, if he so desired. However, I’d always had the ability to insult someone without them even realising it.
“My sincerest apologies, Your Highness,” I beseeched, bowing my head even further. “You see, I lack the proper court education, being but the lowly servant that I am.” Let him see that I deemed him as the more worthy one of the two of us. Lull him into a false sense of security before I pounced with my words. “I mistook you for Lord Kelvin.” I put as much naivety into my tone as I could muster, remembering what Rick had said about how Lord Kelvin’s ‘equipment’ was lacking the ability to father my imaginary unborn child.
The prince spluttered in outrage whilst I tried to hide my smile. Rick, hidden in the alcove, wasn’t as silent with his humour as I. His distinct chuckle came from the other side of the wall. Luckily, the prince didn’t hear him.
Temper boiling, the prince thundered, “Out of my way.” He didn’t wait for me to move before marching over the spot I’d been stood. He’d have crashed into me if I hadn’t moved quickly from out of his path.
Was it petty? Maybe, but I didn’t care. The prince clenched his fists and the tread of his boots on the floor faded as he disappeared.
As soon as the prince was out of sight, I regretted stooping to his level. Normally, I tried to rise above it, but no man had the right to talk to another living being like that—even if he was a prince.
Rick wasn’t even trying to keep his laughter in anymore. When it started to echo, I shushed him, worrying the prince would come back and not take being laughed at kindly. Rick rolled into view, using the wall for support as he wrapped his arm around his stomach, chuckling with such childish mischief, I couldn’t help but shake my head at him.
“It’s not funny, Rick. I shouldn’t have done that.” I’d been too angry to consider the repercussions at the time, but now I realised how stupid I’d been to mock a prince.
“Lord Kelvin.” He snorted. “Did you see the look on his face?”
I rolled my eyes. “I can’t believe I just said that to a prince. I just mocked Prince Peter, for Goddess’ sake.” I’d just insulted the second in line to the throne of First Kingdom. “Oh, I think I need to sit down.”
Rick hugged me impulsively in a huge bear hug. “I believe that was the best moment of my life.” He laughed again. Releasing me so quickly, I had to regain my balance swiftly or risk falling over. The heat from his chest had transferred to mine at our contact.
I rolled my eyes at the absurdity of the situation. I’d just taunted a prince, Rick found it hilarious, and I, pathetically, was losing my wits from the feeling of the hug he’d given me.
“He did deserve it, Katelyn, so don’t worry your pretty little head about it. Peter’s always been full of himself. He expects to be put in his place by his father or brothers, but never by a female servant. You really kicked the man’s pride.”
“Is this meant to be making me feel better?” I groaned.
“Come on,” he coaxed. “After all the excitement, I think we should call it a day. We’ll continue looking tomorrow.”
“Can I have a look at the jewels?” I indicated to the sack slung over his wide shoulder. Once he’d passed it to me, I dug into the bag and pulled out a handful of red gems. The light twinkled back at me like they were winking. “They’re beautiful, but how do we know which one the magicians want? None seem magical.”
We were back at the entrance we’d used that morning to enter the Keep. Rick opened the door for me and casually leant against it. “I really don’t have an answer for that. But I do know that once we have it, we have a way of bargaining with the magicians. They obviously want the crimson jewel badly enough to come to Atlainia without permission. King Edgar thinks that if someone doesn’t find the jewel first and collect the reward, they’ll use their magic to invade First Kingdom.” He frowned, his blonde hair falling across his forehead as he shook his head. “We can’t let that happen.”
I rubbed my eyeballs with the palms of my hands, suddenly extremely tired. “That would mean war.”
“Yes,” he said simply, but he didn’t have to say anything more for me to understand. People would die, families broken. Sawyer and Brayden would have to battle against magicians. A horrifying thought. The chances were slim that they’d live through it. If Rick and I couldn’t find the stone, then I hoped someone else did. That way, the magicians would have what they wanted and leave us alone. Lives wouldn’t have to be sacrificed. Wouldn’t they?
“About Prince Peter…” I started, thinking about the questions I wanted to voice. Did I have a right to keep questioning Rick over his every action? I decided that since we were stuck together, I didn’t want to be left in the dark. “Why did you hide from him?”
“I don’t want anyone to see me.” He’d said that before, but still, he didn’t explain why.
“Why?” I pushed.
He sighed my name, looking over my shoulder. “It’s for your safety, so people don’t know you’re working for me.”
I stubbornly shook my head. “No, that’s not it. It’s not about them seeing you with me. It’s about them seeing you.”
“Katelyn,” his voice turned plaintive, pleading with me to believe him. “I need you to trust me. I promise, you’ll know the truth soon, but until then, this is the way it has to be.”
He was a captain, and even though he hadn’t admitted it, I knew he was from the rich side, probably the son of a land owner or something like that, so what right did a Slummer girl have to question him?
The silence stretched on between us. He closed his eyes with what I could only say was grief and remorse.
“Remember last night,” he spoke softly, lashes framing his hidden eyes, “when I told you how my father wanted me to do something I didn’t want to do?”
“Yes,” I murmured. I liked seeing this softer side of Rick.
“Well, he thinks it would be in the best interest for me—” He broke off and sighed. “What you have to understand is that my father is not a man to disobey. If he wants someone to do something, they do it. No questions asked. But what he’s asked of me this time...I can’t do it. I won’t do it.”
“Why won’t you do it?”
His eyelashes slowly rose and I got lost in the power of his stare. His nostrils flared and his jaw hardened. Not in anger, but in strong emotion. “Because of you, Katelyn.”
“Me?” I gasped as if I’d been accused of a crime I hadn’t committed. “What did I do?”
“I’ve known you for all of two days and already you’ve changed the way I think and feel about everything. You have so much conviction in the things you believe in. Before I met you, all I knew was what was best for my family and the kingdom. I’ve thought much about what you said last night. We all have a choice. You helped me make mine. Plus,” his voice and eyes lightened as he joked, “I’m always entertained when you’re around.”
“Is that what you think of me?” My heart constricted in my chest. “I’m just entertainment to you?”
“I think of you as so much more than that.” His statement made my palms sweat. We stared at each other. I felt confused because I’d never had anyone look at me the way he was doing right now, like he was trying to see into the depths of my soul. I felt, at that moment, Rick was opening up the doors to his soul for me to see.
He blinked and it broke the spell we were both under. I looked at my scuffed boots, trying to even out my unsteady inhalations.
“Thank you,” he whispered gravely, before disappearing back into the Keep.
I walked home in a daze. My thoughts swirled. I vaguely remembered waving to Brayden up in the barracks.
All these emotions were new to me. I understood friendship and family bonds. But even though Rick and I were friends, what I felt for him was so much more than friendship. I tried to compare it with what I felt for Brayden and Sawyer, but I couldn’t match them up.
Rick made me mad, confused and hurt. But he also caused my heart to flutter, my stomach to clench, drew my gaze like an artist gazing at his own work.
I didn’t know what was happening to me. Maybe I’m sickening for something.



Chapter Eight
Over the next few days, Rick and I fell into a comfortable routine. Each morning I’d meet him at the back entrance to the Keep, as I’d done the first day. We’d spend the whole day hunting for the crimson jewel, only resting around midday, replenishing our burnt off energy with food he produced. Rick continued to wear his disguise; it must have been working because no one recognised him as Captain Rick.
Fortunately, we didn’t cross paths with Prince Peter again. I’d actually laughed out loud, imagining the prince hiding from me, a servant, just so he wouldn’t be called Lord Kelvin again. Rick had looked at me inquisitively, silently asking me what I found so funny. Once I’d told him, we shared a secret laugh.
The more time we spent together, the more I started to regard Rick as a friend. He had a good and kind soul; qualities one rarely found in a man of the richer class. However, that was simply speculation. Whenever I asked about his family, he became quiet, not like his usual self, and he’d change the subject. I let it slide, for now. Maybe he simply didn’t like talking about his family. No matter the reason, I stopped my questioning, and instead I learnt about the type of man that Rick was, listening to the things he said, watching the way he acted.
When I’d cut my finger on the dagger that I’d been using to pry out the jewels, he’d lovingly treated me, carefully wrapping my wound like I was made of glass. How he’d always give me the biggest piece of bread; all his unconscious gentlemanly qualities made me like him more and more as the days went on. He was quickly becoming as important to me as Sawyer and Brayden were.
Before long, one sack of red jewels became two, then four, then six. I didn’t know how there could still be any left to find.
Soon, we’d have the task of distinguishing from the hundreds of gems which was the magical one. Not a task I was looking forward to.
True to his word, Rick had sent the healer for my aunt. My heart clenched just reliving the moment the healer had turned to me and my uncle, saying grimly with a shake of his head that there wasn’t anything he could do. Hopeless. All the words the healer had said ran through my head. Dying. Consumption. Soon. Hopeless.
Already, I grieved. Already, I hurt. Already, I cried for the life lost. They said time healed all wounds, but what if a lifetime of time wasn’t enough?
A soft caress of a tear whispering down my cheek was my only release of emotion. I couldn’t afford to give into my grief just yet. My uncle, aunt and cousin still depended on me.
“Katelyn,” Rick wondered, concern in his tone, “dear Katelyn, are you unwell?” Bless him, his forehead crinkled in worry, for me, as he absentmindedly brushed my cheek with his fingertips.
So distracted by his actions, no more tears replaced them.
“I’m fine,” I muttered, tilting my head back to look into his eyes.
He paused, searching my face for answers. “I hope you feel like you can trust me. Whatever it may be that troubles you, I’ll try to help.”
One corner of my mouth quirked up in a sad smile, because although I wished there was something that Rick could do for my aunt, I knew there wasn’t. Not unless he’s secretly a magician and can heal people...
I should focus on helping the people who were still within my power to help.
I’d called on the children in Old Matthew’s house yesterday. The coins I’d given them were gone, and either the children would be forced to steal food, or I’d have to find a way to get some. Could I ask Rick to help me? Could I trust him? Very few people knew of the children who lived in the abandoned house. If the wrong person found out, they’d be forced to leave, made homeless yet again.
Gazing into his eyes, I knew I could trust him. Honesty shone out of them.
I swallowed, and when Rick saw the movement, he became wary.
“What is it?”
Wringing my hands, hoping I wasn’t about to get someone into trouble with my request, I stumbled, “Well, normally, the cook, Joan, she gives me some scraps of food from the kitchen. Only things that are going to waste,” I hastily explained, not wanting to get Joan in any bother for giving food out for free. “So much good food goes to the pigs. I didn’t think anyone would mind.” Not a complete lie, but I’d hoped that if The Hag had ever found out, she could have found it in her heart to turn the other way. “But, since I’ve been helping you here”—a wave of my hand to indicate the Keep—“I’ve not been to the kitchens to ask.”
Rick pursed his lips. “Why? Is it for your family? You should have told me if you were going hungry,” he scolded mildly, his face the picture of concern.
“No, we’re fine,” I assured. “It’s not for us.”
“Who’s it for, then?”
Moment of truth; did I trust Rick or not?
“It’s hard to explain.” I’d made my decision. I just hoped Rick lived up to his word. “I’ll have to show you. Can you get some food?”
To his credit, he didn’t ask any more questions like I’d been expecting him to. He simply guaranteed he could, leaving with the promise, “I’ll be right back.” I felt even guiltier about questioning him continuously. When the role of secret keeper was reversed, Rick didn’t even hesitate to trust me.
A little while later, he returned with five large baskets of food on his arms. I quickly hastened to him, taking two to lessen his load.
“I didn’t mean for you to raid the kitchen empty,” I muttered, lifting the cloth coverings and spying cuts of ham, cheese, bread, jars of jam, freshly churned butter; a feast worthy of a king.
“Come, mysterious woman,” Rick commanded jokingly. “Show me your secrets.”
The walk didn’t take as long as I’d hoped it would. During which time, I argued with myself constantly. Rick could be trusted; I knew he could. I just didn’t know why I felt so nervous.
Now, it was the moment of truth, stood as we were in the middle of the slum’s market square, Rick looking at me expectantly, waiting patiently for me to explain.
I pointed to one of the children. “See that girl, there?”
Rick followed my finger, seeing the young child tug on a man’s jacket, hand outstretched towards him.
“The beggar?” We watched whilst the man shooed the girl away with a flick of his wrist, leaving the child’s palm bare.
I nodded. “That’s Little Faye. She’s only six winters old.” I pointed to another orphan. “That’s Amelia. She’s fourteen. And there”—I indicated to a boy currently pocketing a coin he’d just lifted from a passer-by—“that’s Troy. The most brazen thief I know.”
“I don’t understand,” he admitted as my list of names continued. “How do you know these...children?” By his pause, I could tell he’d almost called them by a more derogatory term. His high-class standards were starting to show, again.
“Everyone knows about these types of children.”
“Types?”
I shrugged. “The beggars; the thieves; the peasant children without a home or a family.”
Still his forehead was crinkled in bewilderment.
“Orphans,” I educated, solemn.
“But…” He paused, sighing deeply. “Who takes care of them? Who provides for them if they don’t have a family?”
Doesn’t he know what an orphan is? “They take care of themselves.”
He still appeared confused with the things I was telling him. “But they’re so young, so...helpless. Why haven’t you told the king of this?”
Rolling my eyes, I answered, “What would I do? Casually stroll up to the king and say, ‘Excuse me, King Edgar, but you’re neglecting your duty as the king of First Kingdom.’” I snorted. “I’d be hanged. Only lords and ladies have audiences with the king. The king would never listen to me.”
Silence from Rick answered my accusations. Did he agree with my views? Having witnessed the riches the royals flaunted in the Keep, I couldn’t help but feel resentful towards the people who had so much, but helped so little. Not when I’d faced poverty, sickness, repression, every day of my life.
Bringing my fingers to my lips, I whistled a melody. Heads of children all over the market turned towards me, but as clever as they were, they didn’t approach; instead they blended into the crowd or into the shadows until they’d all disappeared.
“Where did they go?”
“To the meeting place,” I assured, leading him towards the outer wall of the kingdom.
Once out of sight of the thick, stone wall—leaving everyone in the kingdom behind the barrier—the sound of children’s laughter drew me and Rick closer like a flaming beacon.
The kingdom’s surrounding forest, still lush and green despite the drying heat, was like stepping into a world of green for the first time when forever before you’d been denied the colour. Fallen trees, rested, forever in their final sleeping places. Twigs snapped beneath mine and Rick’s feet as we progressed. Animals’ eyes watched us from low in the foliage and high up in the trees. Even though I couldn’t feel any wind on my face, the leaves rustled, talking to us in the most primitive language known to man. The air tasted fresh. Taking a deep breath, the smell cleaned my airways all the way to my lungs. High above our heads, the branches intertwined to create a natural arch, reminding me of the stained-glass windows in the Keep. The sun winked a greeting at us whenever it found a gap in the flora.
In a clearing, shaded by an oak so wide I wouldn’t be able to get my arms around it, we found the children. At the sight of Rick, they fell silent. The older children watched him, eyes as sharp as a hawk’s, placing protective hands on the younger ones.
Troy paced along an invisible line that separated us. “Who’s this?” he challenged, lips pinched together. Looking Rick up and down, he obviously found him lacking, judging from the expression on Troy’s face.
“This,” I held out my hands like I was presenting a prize, “is Captain Rick. He’s my friend.”
A dark look was passed amongst the children when they heard Rick’s title. I couldn’t blame them for their apprehension. As thieves, they stayed as far away from the King’s Guard as possible.
David, the oldest boy, spoke next.
“What says you on the rule of the thumb?”
I cringed. The children were testing him—in Slummer slang, no less. Once they learnt that Rick was not just a captain, but a captain from the rich side, I’d have a revolt on my hands.
Expression slack, face blank, Rick searched the features of his inquisitors. “Against?” he slowly guessed. When he caught the minute nod of my head, he repeated his answer with more conviction. However, he didn’t fool the children. They still looked suspicious, but the promise of food was too big of a motivator for someone with an empty stomach.
Relieved of the baskets, the children made a picnic under the tree. They soon forgot their wariness and started joking, laughing, playing, stuffing their faces with the feast. Generally, just being children. Rick and I sat on the outskirts of the group, looking in. Rick sat in silence, watching the children with a sad and weighty look on his face. Offered food, we both politely declined, not wanting to take even the smallest amount from them. I didn’t have to tell the children to save some for later—they knew better than to overindulge when they were never sure where their next meal was coming from, or when.
Little Faye, a shy smile on her lips as she stole sideways glances at Rick, skipped up to us and took my hand, dragging me to a knotted branch which she indicated for me to sit on so I could braid her hair. The tangles made for a difficult task.
Some of the children climbed trees, swinging from branch to branch with so little caution I bit my lip in worry. A pair of older boys picked up fallen sticks, and using them as mock swords, staged a battle, wood cracking against wood as their pretend weapons met.
Rick, still silent, leant against the oak tree, arms crossed over his chest, one leg kicked over the other, his eyes constantly flickering to each child before he’d watch me, green irises darkening so intensely I had to look away. I only breathed again when I could no longer feel the weight of his appraisal. What was he thinking of when he looked at the children? What was he thinking when he looked at me?
“Isn’t he handsome?” Little Faye chimed as she sat patiently between my knees as I combed her hair with my fingers. Although her voice had been quiet, Rick had caught the compliment if the satisfied smile on his face was anything to go by.
I decided to play a trick on him—punishment for eavesdropping.
“I’ve seen men more handsome than he,” I said on a fake girlish whisper. “Don’t you think his nose is too big?”
I almost laughed out loud when Rick frowned and rubbed said nose. He looked at me out of the corner of his eye, appearing exactly like a man who’d had his pride kicked. Seeing my eyes sparkle, he shook his head, lips twitching.
As soon as Little Faye’s hair was braided all the way down to her waist, I was instantly named “it” in a game of Hoodman’s Blind the children wanted to play.
“Rick?” I invited. “Want to play?”
He declined with a shake of his head.
I found a piece of cloth to tie over my eyes. In excited voices, the children counted the number of turns I made. Eight. Nine. Ten.
Arms outstretched, I tried to balance myself whilst my head still spun. The children giggled as I turned this way and that, following the sound of their voices.
I stumbled around, trying to catch any of the children who dared to come within reach of my outstretched arms. But they were experts at being light on their toes, slipping through my fingers easily. They’d taunt me, calling out my name, making me lunge in that direction, but all I grasped was air.
With my sight gone, my other senses intensified. I heard the grass crunch beneath my feet. I smelt a wild mint shrub which must have grown nearby, reminding me of a time, long ago, when my aunt would put the herb in my tea when I felt unwell. The air felt like a warm caress on my face.
When my hand came in contact with cloth, I grasped it quickly, not giving the person a second chance to escape. To win, all I had to do was identify my captive without removing my blindfold.
The body I’d caught was large, a lot bigger than I’d expected one of the children to be. Some of the children giggled in unrepressed glee and my lips twitched at their delight.
Running my hands up the person’s arm, past their elbow, my head tilted to the side when I felt the size of the child’s muscles. Must be one of the older boys, I surmised. But which one? David? James?
Up the boy’s neck, my hands glided, over the prickly stubble painted on a strong jaw. The hair tickled my palms; the smell of the person in front of me was enthralling; the whisper of their exhalation was loud to my ears.
Over full lips, shapely clear-cut cheekbones, curving eyebrows, I swallowed the excess liquid that formed in my mouth when I realised that this person wasn’t a boy...but a man.
Rick.
When he leant into my caressing hands, I stepped away like he’d burnt me, stomach churning with feelings my brain failed to translate into words.
I ripped the cloth off my head, pulling a few strands of hair out in my haste.
And there he was, close to me, crooked smile on his lips, dimple in one cheek, and laughter in his eyes.
“I win,” he whispered, a taunt in his tone.
I licked my suddenly dry lips, mute. Very rarely was I without words, but at this moment, I wasn’t thinking words, I was feeling sensations. New feelings. Confusing feelings.
Troy broke the spell between Rick and me when he made fake kissing noises and fainted into a pretend swoon, much to the delight of the giggling children. Even though I chastised him, inside I was glad for the excuse to escape Rick. I didn’t know what was happening; friends were what we were. He was a captain, and even though he hadn’t admitted it, I knew he was from the rich side. He’d never be interested in a Slummer like me.
Do I want him to be?
The orphaned children gathered up the two remaining baskets of food and headed back towards the kingdom, leaving me and Rick trailing behind in silence.
The more I thought about it, the more ridiculous the concept seemed. Rick couldn’t have anything but platonic feelings for me. Just look at all he’d had to endure since meeting me. A punch to the stomach, a split lip, my constant questioning and arguing, my dirty appearance—Rick must have been so caught up in the game, he hadn’t realised how his closeness would make me feel. That was the only explanation for his actions. A rich man could never be interested in a poor woman.
Well, for a few nights, he might be. Is that all I am to him? Did he view me as an easy conquest because I came from the slums, because I was a servant? I wouldn’t be the first girl to be seduced by a wealthy man; the promise of an escape was an irresistible thing. I refused to be that easy to fool, even if on some level, my betraying body pushed me down that treacherous path.
I frowned and kicked a rock.
Rick left us as soon as we crossed over the threshold into the kingdom with the promise to see me tomorrow so we could continue our search for the crimson jewel. I saw the children safely to Old Matthew’s house before I commenced the slow trek home, alone, my mind on today’s events.
So lost in thought, I didn’t notice the strange man following me until he was almost standing on my cloak. I made the muscles in my legs work faster, hoping to put some much needed distance between us. Perhaps he was innocently taking the same route through the slums as me.
However, I doubted that. When someone followed you in the slums, it was never for innocent reasons. The street was deserted, not a soul in sight. Why is it that whenever you need someone to be around, they never are?
When I rounded the corner of the blacksmith’s shop, I sprinted to the next bend, hoping my pursuer would lose sight of me and not know which way I’d gone.
I glanced anxiously over my shoulder and saw the man jog around the edge of the shop. The air got stuck in my windpipe when the man raced after me, dust clouding up as his feet pounded against the ground. Arms pumping, he closed the distance between us.
I ran as fast as I could. I’d always been quick on my feet, even as a child when I’d played tag with Sawyer and Brayden, but this time I felt I was running for my life and that motivated me to pick up my speed even more. I couldn’t run any faster—my legs couldn’t take it.
When I decided to turn right at the next bend, in the direction of my house, I saw out of the corner of my eye, the man dash right, also, gaining on me. I quickly swerved left, away from him. I tried to go right at the next bend, but he did it again. Stomach clenching with dread, I realised that he was herding me like a dog herding sheep. I couldn’t let him do that. I couldn’t let him gain the edge. Otherwise I’d soon find myself in a helpless situation with me pinned in a corner.
I heard the fast flowing river just ahead of me. I knew the layout of the river well, having played there as a child. Perhaps I could use that to my advantage. The river split right down the centre of the kingdom to form the moat that surrounded the castle.
“Why are you chasing me?” I shouted without looking back. I had to concentrate on the rocky ground beneath my feet as the earth became unstable the closer I got to the river.
The only answer I got was huffing and puffing from my pursuer—too close for comfort. I tried to pump my legs faster, pushing my speed to the limit. My lightness on my feet must have been an advantage because I heard him fall behind.
I veered left when I reached the river, my feet slipping out from beneath me at my sudden movement. A scream worked its way out of my lungs, thinking that he’d catch me, any moment now…
I frantically pushed up with my hands, my feet digging into the ground for extra traction. I could hardly hear his running footsteps over the thrashing water of the river, down the bank below, but I felt he was close.
I’d lost valuable time when I’d slipped.
I cursed myself for not being armed. It was common practice that if you ventured out in the slums, you carried a weapon. Normally, I carried a couple of small daggers strapped to my waist. I only had my own foolishness for the situation I was in.
“I don’t have any money,” I yelled over my shoulder. My stomach sank when I saw the light reflecting off a small blade he held threateningly in his hand.
When he didn’t answer, my stomach dropped even more. It was possible he wasn’t after money. It wasn’t uncommon for a sadistic man to force himself on an unfortunate girl.
I’d rather die fighting than let this man touch me, I sternly promised myself.
The river, to my right, seemed to be keeping pace with me as I sprinted. Spray and foam coated the top of the blackened water. The surging water crashed against the rocks with the same ferocity that my heart thundered against my chest.
My muscles started to burn. Turning and fighting seemed like an increasing possibility. I was quickly running out of energy. Frantically, through my panic clogged mind, I tried to remember some self-defence moves that Sawyer and Brayden had taught me.
Out of nowhere, a line of boulders appeared out of the gloom, blocking my path. They were too big to climb over; the river was flowing like rapids to the right; bigger boulders stopped me from running left.
Trapped.
I turned to face my stalker, my back pressed against the coarse rocks.
I was trapped.
Fighting was my only option—that, or jumping into the deadly river below. It seemed to mock me with its thrashing. It was the only escape. But it wasn’t—it was certain death.
The unfamiliar man stopped ten paces away from me. He smiled cruelly, showing a few blackened teeth. The little light from the setting sun reflected in his eyes. Eyes that looked a little crazed.
He slowly stalked towards me, steps confident and sure. A predator stalking its prey.
I took up a fighting stance, my feet braced apart, arms raised in front of me to block and deliver blows. If I get out of this alive, I thought shakily, I’ll definitely be thanking Sawyer and Brayden for the lessons.
“What do you want?” I shifted to balance on the balls of my feet so I could move quicker. The small pebbles beneath my feet shifted. Some rocks plunged down the steep incline, swallowed by the churning river below.
He took a step to the side, trying to back me into a corner even more. “You’re going to make me one rich man, pet,” he said in a rough voice.
Is someone paying him to kill me? Who would want me dead? I promised myself that if this was Rick’s fault, I was going to haunt him for the rest of his life.
“Whatever anyone’s paying you, I’ll double it,” I lied, having no idea what I’d do if he accepted my offer.
He laughed mercilessly, all the while inching closer to me. I turned to keep him in my line of sight which put my back to the river. The breeze ruffled my hair. It whipped around me like it had a life of its own—a red flame against the repressing black background of the river.
“You don’t have enough to pay me double. These people are willing to pay a lot for you, sweet.” The names he called me were meant to be an endearment, but the way he said them made my skin crawl. My determination to fight or die-trying doubled.
I tried to keep him talking, distracting him in the hope that someone might come across us and to my rescue.
“Who hired—” I broke off with a cry.
The pebbles beneath my feet shifted. The ground underneath me disappeared. The stones fell down the incline and pulled me with them. I sledged down the rock-strewn bank on my stomach.
I twisted, clawing at the sides, hoping to find a grip. All that got me were cut palms from the razor-sharp rocks that lined the sheer drop leading to the river. I could feel my stomach getting grazed as I slid almost vertically down.
It felt like I dropped endlessly before I plunged into the freezing water. I was fully submerged. My breath knocked out of my lungs with the impact, like running into a wall. My clothes worked against me, pulling me down as I tried to kick my way back to the surface. The water turned me around and around so I didn’t know which way was up anymore.
My muscle started to lock up, either from lack of oxygen or the cold water, it didn’t matter—it had the same result. I’m going to drown.
Just when I felt like my lungs were going to flood with the icy water, my head broke the surface. I desperately gasped for air. Blinking the water out of my eyes, I saw that I’d already travelled a great distance from my attacker. He was just a small shadow way back up the bank.
Since I didn’t have to worry about him, I turned my attention to my more critical problem. I reached out, hoping to find purchase on the long weeds that grew along the sides of the river. The plants weren’t strong enough, easily pulling away at their roots.
The river dipped and dived. White, frothy waves continuously engulfed me. The river started to flow faster. I tried to use my arms to paddle to the sides, but it was futile, the water easily pushing me back into the heart of the river.
I was banged against more and more rocks I couldn’t seem to avoid.
A strong swell of water grabbed my cloak like a hand, pulling me under. I struggled with the ties around my neck to free myself from the weight. Frantically, I clawed at the knot, increasingly desperate when it wouldn’t come undone. Just when I was sure I’d drown, the knot gave up the fight and the burden was released and floated away.
But I didn’t have a chance to liberate in the way I found it easier to swim without my cloak.
My head was hit, hard, against an unseen rock. All I remembered was the sound of a deafening crack, followed by blinding pain, then nothing but blackness.



Chapter Nine
I coughed and a spray of water spewed out of my lungs. I regretted the movement instantly when my head throbbed like a pulse through a vein. I moaned, shifting my body to move the rock that pressed painfully into my shoulder blade. Head pounding like a hammer on an anvil, I gradually, bit by bit, woke up.
Slowly, I became aware of warmth down my right-hand side. The air smelt like burning wood. I sincerely hoped that there wasn’t a forest fire nearby because I didn’t have the energy to move if there was. Every muscle ached, even ones that I didn’t know I had.
 Starting from my fingers and toes, I worked every part of my body, checking for injuries. I didn’t lift my eyelids, not wanting to see if I had a broken bone stuck out of my skin. It felt like every muscle I possessed was bruised black and blue. Like my legs had climbed the highest mountain and my arms had lifted the heaviest rock, I ached from head to toe.
Blinking open my eyes, I was greeted with a beautiful view of the forest’s ceiling. Brown branches spanned out like reaching fingers. The foliage created a veil of green illusion. The sun shone through the canopy, and if I looked close enough, I could just make out the veins of the translucent leaves. From a young age, I’d always marvelled at the beauty of the forest. Still, to this day, it could hold me spellbound.
My brain seemed fuzzy, my senses enhanced. The buzz of a bee was so loud it sounded like it flew right past my ear. There must have been a shrub of wild lavender growing close by because I could smell its sweetness in the air as I breathed. The gushing of water and the occasional droplets hitting my face told me I was near a river.
“Ah,” a voice said, making me stiffen. “She lives.”
I quickly sat up, regretting it instantly when the world started to spin. Moaning, I raised my hand to my head and felt a sizable bump hidden beneath my hair. I couldn’t remember how I’d come to possess such an injury.
“Take yer time movin’, my dear,” the same voice continued. “Yer took quite a knock to the noggin.”
More slowly this time, I searched my surroundings until I found the owner of the voice. To my right was the source of the warmth I’d felt. A small stack of logs surrounded by rocks made up a campfire. Across the fire sat an old man, back hunched as though the weight of the world rested on his shoulders. His skin was tanned except for the white deep-set wrinkles framing his eyes where the sun hadn’t managed to reach. He had the appearance of someone who spent a lot of time outdoors.
His sleeves were rolled up, giving me a view of the age spots that decorated his arms. Hair, that had long ago lost its colour, grew well past his shoulders in length. The beard this man wore reminded me of Rick’s fake one, but where Rick’s had given him a rugged handsome look, this man’s only enhanced his old age.
“What happened?”
Age may have wrinkled his skin, but his eyes were still bright with an intelligence of someone winters his junior when he looked at me. “I found yer in the river, half dead. Almost didn’t see yer, but that red hair o’ yours is hard to miss,” he kindly said, making me self-consciously try to smooth down the untameable offender in question. Looking from the river to where I now lay, I found it difficult to imagine this withered man carrying me the distance.
The mention of the river brought it all back. I remembered the man chasing me. He’d said I’d make him rich. I recalled the fall into the river, and my fight to keep my head above the surface so I wouldn’t drown. I shuddered at the memories.
“Do you know where we are?” I couldn’t even see the kingdom’s outer wall. I must have travelled further down the river than I’d first thought.
Instead of answering, he passed me a steaming cup. “Here, drink this,” he instructed.
Automatically, I took the proffered cup, glad to be given the chance to remove the foul taste in my mouth. Just when I was about to take a sip, I smelt that it wasn’t tea at all. I paused, warily eyeing the cup before turning suspicious eyes on the man. “What is it?”
“Feverfew,” he informed as he took a twig and poked at the fire. “It’ll help with yer headache.”
I knew the herb, of course. The flower looked very similar to a daisy with its white petals and yellow centre, but where a daisy could have a foul smell, feverfew had a citrus scent. I took a long whiff of the cup’s contents, just to be safe. Confirming it was the herb he’d said, I took a big gulp.
Almost as soon as I felt the tea warm my stomach, my headache started to recede. Only when I deemed it safe enough to move without feeling like my head would split in two did I stand up, testing my muscles. The strange man didn’t look at me once, just continued to watch the fire like it was more interesting than me.
“What time is it?”
“Mid-day,” he replied. That meant I’d been unconscious all night and all the following morning.
Surveying my surroundings, I saw we were in the middle of a makeshift camp. A tent, only big enough for one, was erected behind the man. Worn brown leather saddle bags lay against it. A horse—which, by the look of it, had to be as old as its owner—grazed happily in the grass, tied to a tree to stop it wandering.
Nature called so I moved out of the man’s sight and used the privacy of the tree to relieve myself. Washing my hands in the river, I cupped some water to cool the back of my neck, feeling slightly more like myself again.
When I reappeared and retook my seat, the man pushed a piece of bread into my hands. My stomach chose that moment to complain. I’m famished. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d eaten. We sat in silence for a while as I eat my fare. I wanted to shove the whole thing in my mouth but I forced myself to take small bites.
After a while, the silence started to get uncomfortable, so I broke it. “Are you a merchant?” When he shook his head, I guessed, “Traveller?” Again, he shook his head in denial which confused me even more. The man was obviously going somewhere, but for what reason? “What kingdom do you belong to?”
“None,” he responded.
My eyes widened and I watched him with a new cautiousness. “You’re a rogue?” The man had no ties, no alliance to any of the six kingdoms of Atlainia. This weak old man sat opposite me was the last thing I’d expected a rogue to be. I’d expected a mean, honourless, barbaric fiend who preyed on unsuspecting people as they travelled between the kingdoms. Not someone who looked like he’d fall over if I breathed too hard on him. He wasn’t scary in the least—quite the opposite. The man had saved my life, after all.
He shrugged his fragile shoulders. “If that’s the term yer’d like to use, so be it.”
“What do you call yourself, then?”
“A free man.” He smiled with lips so thin they looked non-existent. “But you can call me Jeremiah. And you’d be...?”
“Katelyn,” I filled in.
He nodded very regally. “A pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
One corner of my lip turned up at the man’s sweetness. If I’d had a grandfather, this was the type of man I’d have wanted in my family. I had a weird impulse to hug him.
I was curious about how he’d come to be a rogue. “Were you outcast from your kingdom?” He denied he hadn’t been with a shake of his head. “Why would you leave?”
“A man’s calibre shouldn’t be measured by which kingdom he happens to be born into, or how much wealth his family may have. It’s the small things that show you the true colours of a person’s soul. I decided I didn’t want to be labelled for all that I had instead of all that I did.”
“What do you mean?”
He deeply sighed. “Have you ever heard the tale of King Midas?” When I said I hadn’t, he continued. “He was a very greedy man who ruled his kingdom fairly, but harshly. He wasn’t one to think before he spoke. One day he crossed paths with a magician who needed aid. King Midas helped the man by giving him food, water and a horse so he could travel.” He paused, drawing tension. “In return, the magician granted the king one wish. Without thought, the king wished for everything he touched to turn to gold.”
“That doesn’t sound too bad,” I put in.
He mournfully shook his head. “The king had a wild rose garden he loved, but as soon as he touched the flowers, they became gold. He had a beautiful daughter whom he loved very dearly. One day, he forgot about his wish and caressed her cheek, turning her hard and fast to gold. Every piece of food he tried to eat turned to gold in his mouth.”
“What happened to him?”
“The king died of hunger, surrounded by everything he ever wanted, but nothing he truly needed. He was richer than he’d ever dreamed, but with nothin’ that truly mattered.”
I reflected on the wisdom of his words, his moral lesson. “And this myth drove you to become a rogue?”
“Yes, my child,” he educated. “One day, many years ago, I looked at myself in the mirror and saw King Midas. I had everything, and yet I had nothing. I decided I would have nothing, instead, and hoped I got everything.”
I saw a glimpse of the man he’d been. “That was very brave.” The man had given up his wealth, hoping he’d find happiness instead.
“Fate may show you the way, but you must decide which path to take in the end.”
Hadn’t I said something very similar to Rick a few days ago? I’d said that fate could only take us to a certain place...but we had to make the choice in the end.
“You’d do well to remember my words, my dear. I have a few years more experience than you.”
I chuckled at his joking tone. After that, we talked for what seemed like a long time on anything that came to mind. I told him of Brayden, Sawyer and Rick. I spoke of my home in the slums. He told me of his journeys to all the other kingdoms. It seemed he’d travelled everywhere, learning the ways of other people. He told me that in Sixth Kingdom, animals could be sentenced to death if found guilty of their crimes. How strange. People in Third Kingdom used burnt rosemary to clean their teeth. In Second Kingdom, the paler a woman was, the more beautiful she was considered. I wondered if Lady Olivia, soon to be bride of Prince Aidric, had translucent skin as was the fashion from where she hailed.
Jeremiah fascinated me with his knowledge of the trees and plants that grew around us. Elderberry for coughs, hawthorn for kidney problems, peppermint for nausea—his wisdom was endless. The man had certainly led an interesting life. Compared to his, mine must have seemed very boring indeed.
When I asked if he’d found everything now that he had nothing, if he’d found his happiness after giving up his old life, he smiled like he had a secret no one else could know. I was glad, for it was a smile of true happiness. I knew from personal experience how to spot a fake smile, a smile that hid a hidden sorrow, but Jeremiah’s wasn’t that.
Throughout our conversation, something to his right kept drawing my attention. It was a lumpy shape covered by a grey blanket. Jeremiah had noticed me looking but he didn’t comment on it. Curiosity over politeness finally won out. “What is that?” I tilted my head in the direction of the shrouded object when Jeremiah looked at me questioningly.
“The body of a deer,” he said gravely, his knuckles so tight they were white.
Why would the dead body of an animal upset him so? “Do you want me to bury it for you?”
“No, my dear,” he responded, his eyes sad. “I’ll do it. I just couldn’t bring myself to face the sight of it again. I’ve never seen anything like it in all my Goddess blessed years.” The last was more muttered to himself than to me.
I frowned, looking from him to the outline of the dead animal. “What do you mean?”
He stubbornly shook his head. “I won’t taint yer innocent mind with the images a depraved soul can mete out.”
A puckered line appeared on my brow. Something was very wrong here. And maybe it was morbid of me, or perhaps it was the curiosity that seemed to forever get me into trouble, but I had to know what was under that sheet.
I stood up and rounded the fire, nearing the animal. Jeremiah stopped me, grasping my wrist as I passed him. “Don’t, child. The sight is not one yer likely to forget.”
And, of course, being the tenacious person I was, I ignored his advice.
Slowly pulling the piece of cloth off the carcass, I had to cover my mouth with my hand to stop myself being sick. It wasn’t the rotting smell—in the slums, I’d seen my fair share of dead bodies; I was no longer shocked by the smell of death.
It wasn’t how its glazed eyes stared at me unseeingly. I’d seen many unseeing eyes of souls lost to the next life. And it wasn’t just the dead I’d seen those types of eyes on, either. Broken spirits walked about the slums, eyes vacant like the deer’s that stared at me now. A living person who’d given up the will to fight would also possess such dead eyes.
The thing that turned my stomach was how someone, or something, had mutilated this defenceless animal.
My heart cried out for the poor thing. I could tell that it had once been beautiful. The doe had glossy, tanned fur which shined like the polished jewels I’d seen in the Keep. A pattern of white patches adorned its flank and back like someone had expertly painted them on. The creature’s ears were almost as big as its head, giving it an innocent look, like how a newborn’s eyes are always a little too big for their face.
This animal was the Goddess’ masterpiece. But, the perfection of the Goddess’ creature was marred by the injuries someone had inflicted upon it.
Hundreds, if not thousands, of tiny cuts covered it from snout to tail. The cuts were precision—not a single one deeper or shallower than the rest. If I’d sustained a single cut like the ones covering the deer, I’d have simply cleaned the wound, bandaged it up, and forgotten about it. But to be cut over and over and over again, like this doe had been...surely one must bleed to death. I sent a prayer to the sky, praying that this animal had already been dead before the butchering began, and not tortured to death which I suspected had been the case.
“Who’d do such a thing?” I spoke through my hand. I quickly covered the body back up again, wishing that I’d followed Jeremiah’s advice and saved my eyes the sight. I rubbed my hands on my skirt like I wanted to rub away the images on my brain.
“A deer is a pure spirit,” Jeremiah said. “For someone to do such a thing to that graceful creature...” He mournfully shook his head. “They must truly be evil.”
I shivered, but not because it was cold. I had to agree with Jeremiah. A deer, especially a doe, with its gentle and tender beauty, was a symbol of love and peace. To torture and disfigure the creature—only someone touched with darkness would do such a thing.
With the rest of my time I spent with Jeremiah, I tried to forget about the poor, defenceless creature, but I couldn’t. The attack on the deer made me think about my own attack. Where was the man? Had he followed me into the river? Would he be waiting to try to kill me again when I made it back to the kingdom? Why had he been chasing me?
If I hadn’t fallen into the river, I’d probably be dead, I thought soberly, causing chills to rush down my arms. What would I have endured at his malicious hands? I tried not to imagine what could have happened, but my mind refused to be self-preserving. Would he have tortured me, or killed me outright? Would I have suffered or simply felt myself float away into nothingness?
I forced myself to ask Jeremiah more questions, hoping to take my mind off my attacker and the lifeless deer, dead, a few strides away from us. “Do you travel alone?”
“Sometimes,” he replied, smoothing his bushy beard down as he thought. “And sometimes I’ll come across another wanderer like myself, and we’ll travel together.”
“Don’t you get lonely?” I couldn’t imagine being by myself for such a long period of time. No aunt, no uncle, no Sawyer or Brayden, no orphaned children to talk to—how forlorn I’d be.
Instead of answering, he instead asked, “Don’t you get lonely?”
I frowned. “I’m hardly ever alone.”
“You don’t have to be alone to be lonely.” He cocked a bushy eyebrow. “Have you never been in a crowd of people and felt so lonely that you could be the only person in the world? When you have a wonderful dream, but then you wake up, and you pray to the Goddess above that it was real, but, then, second by miserable second, you come to realise that’s all it was—a dream. Have you never felt that kind of loneliness?”
“I suppose...I have felt that way, yes,” I slowly relented after considering his definition of loneliness. “I imagine everyone has felt that way, one time or another.”
“Indeed,” he agreed as he poked at the fire with a stick. “My advice to you, dear, is that if you’re ever lucky enough to find someone who makes you happy, you grab hold of them, and you never let them go.”
My mind, of its own accord, flashed to an image of Rick’s face as I’d seen him only yesterday in our game of Hoodman’s Blind. There’d been a light in his eyes as he’d playfully taunted me for losing—a happiness that I’d never seen in him before. I’d seen the loneliness in him that he tried so hard to hide, but in those few moments, he’d been the opposite of lonely.
“Ahh,” Jeremiah chuckled dryly. “There’s already someone special in yer life.”
I gave a little embarrassed laugh. “You can tell that simply from looking at my face?”
“It’s that gaze of yours, in that secret smile playing around the edge of your lips. A man as old as me knows how to spot the signs.”
“Signs?” I blushed at how easy he found me to read. “You make it sound like a disease.”
“I suppose, in a manner of speaking, it is.”
I didn’t get a chance to ask him what he meant. A noise in the distance stopped me. Frowning, I strained to better perceive the sound. “Do you hear that?”
He nodded. “It’s just someone calling your name. They’ve been doing it for a while. It’s really starting to get annoying.”
 “And you didn’t tell me?” I chided. The man must have ears like a hawk because I struggled to faintly hear someone calling my name from far away.
“They’re not close enough to concern me just yet.”
“Well, it concerns me,” I said primly, getting up and tying my cloak around my neck, only realising then that Jeremiah must have saved it from the river and hung it on a tree to dry. “It could be my uncle looking for me.” I’d been missing all night. For all he knew, I could be dead in a ditch somewhere. “I thank you for saving my life,” I said formally, a little sad that I had to leave. I’d truly enjoyed his company.
He looked me up and down, inspecting me from my toes to my hair. “There may come a time when I need the debt repaid. Would you honour it?”
I didn’t even need to think about my answer. “Of course,” I pledged. He needn’t have asked. I already knew I was in a far greater debt to him than I could ever repay.
But if given the chance, I would try.
After saying goodbye, I hurried away, knowing that sooner or later, our paths would cross again.



Chapter Ten
I didn’t want whoever was looking for me to know about Jeremiah. People wouldn’t take too kindly to a rogue being just outside the kingdom. They wouldn’t take the time to sit down around a campfire, drinking tea, happily getting to know him. No, people would chase him with pitchforks and torches as if he was a monster from a myth.
So, to avoid leading anyone to him, I jogged towards the person calling my name. When I felt I’d put enough distance between us, I caught my breath and shouted.
“Hello,” I yelled. “I’m over here!”
The voices came towards me, getting louder the closer they came. From the racket they were making, there had to be a lot of people searching for me. Was it my uncle? Was it Rick searching for me because I hadn’t turned up at the Keep that morning?
Rustling bushes had me glancing over my shoulder. A small rabbit leisurely leapt out from under the foliage. When it caught sight of me, it scampered away to be swallowed by the lush forest’s shrubbery. I smiled to myself, thinking I must have scared the poor thing.
“Hello,” I shouted again when the voices sounded like they were veering away from where I stood.
“Katelyn,” was hollered back to me in a voice I recognised well.
“Brayden,” I called, walking in the direction that I thought he was shouting from. I was confused as to why Brayden would be looking for me. His first and foremost responsibility was serving in the Guard, and I doubted he’d be given permission to leave his duties to partake-in a missing person’s search-party. Especially given I’d only been missing for less than a day. For all anybody knew, I was working in the castle like I was meant to be. I really hoped I hadn’t been dismissed for not appearing at work this morning. The Hag would just love that.
More noises behind me had me looking over my shoulder, again. A branch being broken this time alerted me. The sun was scraping high across the sky. Shadows of the trees slanted across the forest floor.
One particular shadow, I saw out of the corner of my eye, moved. I stared at the shade, not understanding what I was seeing.
A shadow inside a shadow.
A hooded figure, cloaked in black, shifted, almost imperceptible. The silhouette stirred every time it inhaled and exhaled. Black on blackness. Even though I couldn’t see its eyes—its hood shaded its face—I undoubtedly felt it watching my every move.
My heart pounded in my chest. Even though my brain couldn’t identify what it was, my body told me to run. It took a step towards me—actually, it seemed to glide. I coiled my leg muscles, preparing to flee, feeling like I would be running for my life, when suddenly a firm hand on my shoulder prevented my escape.
I turned and released the breath I’d sucked up to scream. Seeing the concerned face of Brayden, my body wilted in relief.
“Are you alright?” He looked me up and down, searching for injury, before pulling me into a tight, brotherly hug.
I nodded my head against his chest automatically, before I remembered why my heart was racing double-time. I kept tucked against Brayden, turning my head to look at the shadow.
But it was just that—a shadow. No hooded figure lurked. I scanned in every direction but I couldn’t see anything. How was that possible? I’d only looked away for a short moment, but now, nothing was out of the ordinary.
Brayden pulled away from me, holding me at arm’s length. I didn’t take my eyes off the spot where the figure had been lurking. Had I imagined it? No, my skin crawled with the malevolence that still seemed to linger in the air. I could still feel someone...something...watching me. I’d never felt so scared and in the presence of so much evil as I had just then, even knowing the people that lurked about the slums at night.
I never stopped scanning for the threat that I could still feel watching us from the shadows, waiting. Waiting for what?
Brayden, again, looked me up and down, and when he saw that I was in one piece—except for my dirty appearance, that was—he shook my shoulders. “What happened to you, Katelyn?” he demanded, shadows in his blue eyes like many burdens weighed on him.
“What’s wrong with you?” I said in concern. “You look tired.”
“Me?” He snorted without humour. “She’s worried about me? She, who’s been missing all night and day, out in the world all by herself, with no one knowing where she is, is worried about my lack of sleep?”
I bit my lip as I tried to decide whether he’d answered my question in that roundabout way of his. “Are you well, then?”
He rounded his eyes in exasperation. “You never change, do you? Always putting other people before yourself. Yes, I’m fine—now I know you’re alright.” He sighed wearily. “I think you shaved ten winters off my life.” His expression became troubled. “We all thought you’d drowned in the river.”
I shook my head in denial. “He pulled me out.”
“Who did? Did he hurt you?”
I bit my lip. “What? No, no, of course not. This...man pulled me out.” I turned my face away, not wanting to be looking into Brayden’s trustful face whilst I lied to him. I hated lying, but I reasoned with myself that I’d better get used to it if I wanted to keep Jeremiah’s secret. I kept imagining what people would do if they found out about him. He’d be hunted. I knew that Brayden would never betray me if I told him about Jeremiah, but he’d be punished, alongside me, for his part in it if Jeremiah was discovered. I just couldn’t put him in that position.
“You always were a bad liar.” Brayden knew me too well. Thankfully, he picked up on my reluctance to talk on the subject anymore, and dropped it. “It doesn’t matter who he was. All that matters is that you’re alive.” He exhaled, grasping my chin with his finger and thumb. “Why was that man chasing you? He had a knife. You could have been killed!”
I blinked away the image of my attacker thrusting a blade into my skin, not wanting to picture what could have happened. I’d been lucky Jeremiah had pulled me out of the river. Either way, I’d have been dead—at the end of a knife or drowning in the river. I owed Jeremiah my life. I hoped, someday, I’d be able to repay my debt, as promised.
Brayden went on to explain how some members of the King’s Guard had heard me scream from their outer castle patrol, happening upon the scene between myself and my attacker a few moments after I’d fallen into the river. They’d searched the river and its banks, but there’d been no sign of me, dead or alive. He told me that as we spoke, my attacker was being held in the castle’s dungeons under constant guard. I was relieved to hear this, glad he wasn’t free to hurt anyone else.
Once Brayden had inspected my wounds on my hands, stomach and head—injuries I’d suffered from my time in the river—he led me over to his horse. He masterfully controlled the beast, helping me onto the animal’s back. I lovingly ran my hands over the horse’s flank hoping to familiarise the horse with myself. Being that he now had a stranger on his back, I couldn’t blame him for his nervousness.
The horse’s skittish behaviour lessened after I calmly shushed him. Rarely had I ridden on a horse—only a couple of times that I could remember. Horses weren’t used for riding in the slums. They tended to be work horses, and instead of being weighed down with passengers, they pulled ploughs in the fields or lugged carts around.
“He’s beautiful, isn’t he?” I ran my palm over the animal’s hide.
As Brayden swung onto the saddle in front of me, he playfully cocked an eyebrow. “I never knew you found me so irresistible.”
“Tell me,” I decreed, playing along with him, glad that he was back to his good-humoured self again and no longer anxious, thinking about my near death experience, “do you find that you can’t look away once the mirror has ensnarled you?”
He barked out a laugh and we continued our senseless bickering which related to Brayden’s “fetching” appearance.
Brayden’s mood darkened when he asked about my attacker. He silently clenched his fists around the leather reins when I described the attack in more detail. I tried to remember as much as possible, but with the blow to the head, it was all a bit hazy. I remembered his face, though, and felt confident that I’d recognise the man again. I’m unlikely to forget that sadistic face any time soon.
“You’re just lucky that someone of power wanted the search for you to continue,” he told me matter-of-factly. “Otherwise we’d never have found you.” He twisted in the saddle so I could see him raise his eyebrows enquiringly. “I didn’t know you had friends in such high places. Apparently one of the royals was quite adamant that you be found; was even out searching themselves.”
“A royal?” I demanded in confusion, tightening my hands around Brayden’s waist as he kicked the horse into a comfortable trot. “Out in the forest, searching for me? Are you sure?” Why would a royal be searching for me? I understood that Rick had support from the king regarding his search for the crimson jewel, but why would a royal, a person of rank and refinement, be traipsing around the forest looking for a Slummer girl?
It didn’t make sense to me. “Which royal was it?”
He shrugged his shoulders as he led the horse around a thick cluster of bushes that blocked our path. “I don’t know, Katelyn. The information came from Captain Rick.” My stomach clenched at the mention of Rick’s name on my friend’s lips. “Mind you, it’s about time that the royals took an interest in their people for once instead of hiding in their castle, hoping the problems in the kingdom just go away.”
“You shouldn’t talk like that,” I chastised him, poking him in the back to get my point through his thick head. “You could get into serious trouble for speaking such things—especially with you being a captain now.”
“Things need to change in the kingdom, Katelyn. You know that better than anyone else. Year after year, it’s the same constant struggle for our people. A family’s lucky if they can buy enough food to make it through the cold season. Sooner or later, something’s got to change or there’ll be a revolt on our hands.”
I knew he was right, but my mind was too concerned with the magician problem to think about the possibility of an uprising. One problem at a time, I instructed myself. “Maybe the new princess will bring some good to the kingdom,” I said aloud, looking for something positive to say. “Once she’s married to Prince Aidric.”
Brayden had the opposite reaction to what I’d expected. He snorted in disdain as if he’d stepped in something he shouldn’t have. “That spoiled woman? Don’t make me laugh. I’ve seen her in the castle when she visits her soon-to-be husband. She’s already a pampered princess—servants left, right and centre. Belittling the stable boy when he produced muddy mounting steps—you put your feet on them, how clean do they need to be?” His question was rhetorical, or so I thought.
“Why’s he marrying her, then?”
“I’ve no idea. I’d rather gnaw off my arm than walk down the aisle with that woman.” He shuddered, but the weather was anything but cold. “But you know those types; blue blood marries blue blood in their world.”
I knew what he meant. The rich married the rich, the poor married the poor. That was the way it had always been, and the way it would always be. To mix was like breeding an alley cat with a purebred dog. The result would be unnatural.
We rode on for a short time in silence, both of us lost in our own thoughts. When the noise of many horses’ hooves trudging on the earth reached our ears, Brayden halted the animal, soundlessly drawing the sword strapped to his waist. He held it poised at the bushes ahead of us, anticipating an ambush at any moment. My arms automatically tightened, preparing for the possibility that we’d have to make a quick escape.
However, it wasn’t necessary as we heard Sawyer’s voice call out, “Who goes there?”
Brayden’s readied hand loosened once he realised it was only our friend up ahead. “It is I,” he called back, “and I found her.”
Moments later, Sawyer’s broad shoulders and head were seen over the foliage. He was mounted on his own horse, and he rode it just as well as Brayden did. This was the first time I’d really seen either of them in action. Of course, I’d seen them on patrol, but seeing them sat astride their huge steeds made them look unconquerable. Nothing like the young, sweet boys I remembered from my childhood. These men were strong and deadly; each capable of driving their swords through your heart without blinking.
“Are you alright, Katelyn?” Sawyer didn’t wait for my answer, simply inspecting me with his eyes, searching for injury. “Let’s get you home,” he notified me, leaving no room for negotiations. Not that I wanted to argue. The adrenaline created from all that had happened—the attack, the sight of the tortured deer, the terror felt at seeing the sinister shadow—had started to wear off and I was left feeling like I could sleep the rest of the day away.
Brayden and Sawyer, as captains, had brought ten of their men to help in their search for me. We started a parade back towards the kingdom. I must have travelled further in the river than I’d assumed as it took us a while before the outer wall of the kingdom came into view. Over which time, the gentle sway of the horse lulled me into a half-asleep, half-awake state. My head rolled on my shoulders before I finally gave in and rested it against Brayden’s back. I knew I’d probably get a kink in my neck, but I was too tired to care.
When we were past the thick wall from the forest into the kingdom, Sawyer ordered his men to return to the castle. They quickly cantered off in that direction, whilst I, Sawyer and Brayden started in the direction of the slums.
Two captains, mounted on their powerful steeds, with a wisp of a girl on the back, stuck out like a sore thumb in the slums. I felt like I’d done something wrong, and Sawyer and Brayden were here to punish me. That was how it must have looked to the curious eyes of the Slummers.
Sawyer walked me to my door with a protective hand at my back whilst Brayden waited with the horses, holding both their reins to stop them from wandering off.
“We didn’t have a chance to question the man,” Sawyer said, referring to my attacker, as we stopped before my front door. “Our main priority was finding you. But now that you’re safe, he’ll be interrogated until we know why he came after you.”
“And if he doesn’t talk? What then?”
“We’ll make him talk.” His voice was deadly calm but I had no doubt that Sawyer meant they’d beat it out of the man if necessary. I didn’t relish the thought of another human being suffering, but for my crazed attacker, I’d make an exception. He had tried to hurt me, after all.
“Can I be there?” I wanted to hear it from the man’s lips, even if it was masochistic of me. I needed to understand the man’s reasons for the attempted assault.
Sawyer was shaking his head before the words had left my mouth. “That’s not a good idea, Katelyn,” he argued. “These kinds of things can get...unpleasant. Definitely not something a woman should see.”
“I’m sure I’ve seen worse.” I knew he was trying to protect me, even from myself, but I was determined. I needed to face my demons head-on; else I’d forever be looking over my shoulder, looking for his face in every shadow.
He gave an exasperated sigh, pointing an accusing finger at my face. “I know that look. It’s the look you get when no one can change your mind.”
I gave an innocent shrug, pretending to not understand.
“Fine,” he exhaled and continued his finger pointing. “But you do as I say. If I say ‘leave’, you leave. If I say ‘run home’, you..?”
I sighed like a defiant child. “I run home,” I intoned.
After listening to Sawyer’s list of command, I thanked them both for finding me then entered my house. Searching through the rooms for my uncle, I found him sat nursing my aunt as she lay sleeping in their small bed. He softly wiped a damp cloth to remove the sweat that glistened on her forehead, evidence of the fever that would sweep through her body, leaving her temperature raging even whilst shivers racked her frail body.
“How is she?” I said quietly, hoping to alert my unnoticed presence to my uncle, aware that I’d been missing all night and most of the day.
He turned at the sound of my voice coming from behind him in the open doorway. There was a look of utmost relief on his face. “Katelyn?” he questioned, not believing his eyes, like he thought that his lack of sleep, which was so evident from his drooping eyes, was making him see things that weren’t really there.
“What happened to you?” he gushed, reaching his hand out towards me.
“I’m sorry to have worried you, Uncle.” I walked closer and took my uncle’s hand, squeezing it reassuringly. Looking down at Aunt Maria, you could almost believe she simply rested, if not for the pale colour of her skin.
“What happened, Katelyn?” He spoke in a low voice. “I’ve been worried sick. All night you’ve been gone. Millions of scenarios were running through my head—at one time, I thought you dead.”
I knelt beside my uncle and resumed wiping my aunt’s forehead, relieving my uncle of the burden for the time being. ”It’s complicated.” I didn’t want my uncle to worry more than he already had.
“Nothing is that complicated. People just say that when they don’t want to explain.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to explain, I just don’t know if I can.” I wasn’t even sure I understood it myself. Had the attacker targeted me? Why had he been chasing me? Was it because of the help I’d been giving Rick, searching for the crimson jewel?
My uncle cocked his head and looked at me quizzically. “Explain, nevertheless,” he finally commanded.
I laughed without humour. “I don’t think you’ll believe me, even if I told you.”
Waiting in silence, I understood that my uncle wasn’t going to drop the topic until I told him. So I did.
“I met a man,” I started, “Captain Rick is his name. He’s looking for something, and he asked for my help.”
“What’s he looking for?”
When my uncle heard the three words, “A crimson jewel,” he flinched like I’d just slapped him.
My stomach clenched, either in excitement or dread, I wasn’t sure. “You’ve heard of it.” I stated it as fact, because from his reaction, I knew he had.
He roughly grabbed my shoulders, so hard that his fingernails dug into my flesh. “You stay away from that man.” He shook me, but even though his tone and actions led me to believe he was angry, it was the look of fear on his face that made me nervous. “Katelyn, I forbid you to see that man again.”
“But...why?” I stressed, confused by his reaction.
“People shouldn’t know about the crimson jewel,” he said to himself. “They said it would be safe here.”
“The crimson jewel?”
“There’s only one.”
“But what is it?” I moved my head so that my line of sight caught his. “What does it look like? What does it do? Why do the magicians want it so badly?”
Standing up so quickly, I blinked and I’d missed the movement, my uncle’s scared eyes became determined. “I won’t discuss this anymore,” he insisted sternly, turning his back on me, making for the door out of the bedroom.
My head hurt from trying to understand what was going on with my uncle. Why had he reacted so strongly to the topic of the crimson jewel? What wasn’t he telling me?
“But, Uncle...” I argued to his stiff, retreating back.
He interrupted, “It’s dangerous. Leave it alone,” before he was completely gone.
What did my uncle know about the crimson jewel—how did he know? Should I tell Rick my uncle’s reaction to the jewel’s name? But, if I did tell Rick, would I get my uncle into trouble as a consequence? I rubbed my head, trying to unravel the secrets, facts and feelings that were knotted together like an endless piece of string.
The moan of my aunt drew my thoughts back to her. I wondered if her eyelids flickered because she dreamt good dreams, or because of nightmares, the kind you couldn’t wake up from, no matter how hard you tried. I soothed her with a soft voice, reassuring her that she’d get better, even though, according to the healer, she wouldn’t. Telling her about her son, Robert, I hoped she might be able to hear me. I told her that Robert looked ready to take his first steps, any day now.
“He’s getting so big, Aunt. You’ll hardly recognise him when you’re well again.” An unexpected tear fell down my cheek. I left it to run, caressing my face as it tumbled down to the floor. I swear I heard the noise as the liquid dispersed on impact with the wooden ground. My heart broke with the thought that she might never be well enough to see her son again. I prayed with everything within my soul that the healer could help her, and I prayed that it wasn’t too late, that my hope wasn’t wasted.
 At the mention of her only son, her eyelids slowly cracked open to reveal the whites of her eyeballs. She blindly searched for something, and I offered her the only comfort I could afford. I took her hand and cradled it in both of mine, hoping to lend her some of my strength.
“Aunt Maria, can you hear me?”
She seemed to moan in frustration as her lips moved, but I couldn’t perceive any words being made. I dipped my fingers in the bowl of water next to the bed and trickled a couple of drops onto her parched lips.
“You’re safe,” I soothed her, brushing her hair off her face. “Everything’s alright. You just need to save your energy for getting well.”
Stubbornly shaking her head, she tried again to talk. This time she succeeded in making a sound, albeit not a word recognised in our language. I put my ear to her lips, hoping that proximity would make the words clearer.
“Your...mother...will...protect you,” she whispered brokenly, pausing to catch her breath between words.
“My mother is dead,” I gently informed her, aware that the fever could make people forget things.
“She...” Her eyes stopped their unfocussed search to focus with such clarity on mine that I wouldn’t dare to question what she said as the ravings of a sick woman. “She will come.”
I looked at her as my breathing started to come faster. I tried to reason with myself, telling my head that my mother wasn’t coming for me like my aunt said. My mother was dead. However, my heart wouldn’t listen to reason. My aunt talked with such clarity and confirmation that I believed her.
“Don’t listen to her. The fever makes her see things—say things she doesn’t mean.”
I practically jumped out my skin at the sound of Uncle Ivan’s unwelcome voice coming from behind me. I almost felt guilty, like he’d just caught me red-handed with my fingers in the sugar sack.
“I can take care of her,” he stated without sentiment or passion. “You can go now.”
Looking at my uncle like I’d never seen him before—he’d always been the sweet and caring kind—I left with my head down, secretly hurt that he would choose to use such a cold tone with me, his only niece.
I left their bedroom, left them both behind, left the questions and riddles unsolved. My uncle knew about the crimson jewel and my aunt said my mother was alive. I didn’t know what to believe anymore. It couldn’t be true about my mother. My aunt and uncle had been the ones to sit me down and tell me about my parents when I’d been old enough to understand.
Would they lie to me? Why?
I had to get out of here, had to leave this confusing place. Hoping that some fresh air would help to sweep the cobwebs from my mind, I decided that I needed a walk.
Opening the door, I almost ran straight into Rick. Stood on the other side of the door with his hand raised, he’d obviously been in the process of knocking. I froze on the threshold of my house, only half a step separating us. When he exhaled, I felt the breeze on my face; I could smell the sweetness on his breath. At the back of my mind, I knew I was staring. But I couldn’t stop.
Something changed in his expression. Before, he’d been surprised and relieved at the sight of me. But that changed when we continued to stare at one another. His green eyes didn’t even blink, and I thought that he didn’t blink because he didn’t want to break the connection. That was certainly the reason I didn’t blink.
The only thought that dragged me back to reality was how my uncle had warned me to stay away from Rick, the man searching for the crimson jewel.
As my mission to escape the house came back to my mind like water crashing on a wave, I pushed past Rick, shutting the door behind me. At first, he didn’t follow, and for a brief moment I thought that I’d gotten it wrong and he wasn’t here to see me, but I told myself how silly that was. Of course he’s here for me. He was probably here to tell me I’d lost my job at the castle due to my unexplained absence. Just what I need, I reflected in censure.
I was half way down the street that would lead to the market in the middle of the slums when Rick caught up with me. He grabbed my shoulder, stopping my marching tread. His moods seemed to change faster than the wind changed directions, because now anger darkened his face. His cheekbones were even more pronounced than they normally were. I imagined you could cut glass on them.
“You can’t give me the time of day after I’ve been out searching for you the entire night, without pause or respite.”
I rolled my eyes. “I have no idea what ‘respite’ means.” Trust Rick to use fancy words, even when he was mad.
“It means that I didn’t rest until I knew you were safe,” he enlightened in a hard voice, shaking his head like he was wondering why he’d bothered in the first place.
My breath caught in my chest, amazed, amazed that this strong, courageous man cared about me, cared enough to search the forest all through the night. Without respite, as he’d put it. No one’s ever worried about me without respite before.
“Why?” I asked in wonder.
“Why, what?” he replied darkly, never taking his eyes away from mine even though a crowd of people bustled around us. In that moment, the sun could have gone out and I imagined that neither of us would have noticed.
“Why me?” I simply said. I found it inexplicable and unimaginable that someone of Rick’s class and education could care about a Slummer girl like me.
His stiff shoulders relaxed along with his facade. He smiled a small, tender smile, like he had a secret and it was almost funny how I didn’t know. “Because you’re you.”
Heat bloomed in my cheeks and I resented the blood rushing to them. I was the type of girl who’d seen too much in her life to blush at the first compliment she got.
However, the feeling of contentment faded as I recalled what my aunt and uncle had said.
Rick reached up and caressed my cheek in a soothing manner. “Try and not think about your attacker. He’s locked away, and I’ll see to it that he never hurts anyone ever again. I promise you.”
I laughed without humour. “My mind must be addled because I’m not thinking about that.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
I looked down at the ground, dislodging Rick’s hand from my cheek. I was almost sorry for it, missing his touch—which was crazy because I knew he only meant it in a friendly, caring way.
“My aunt—”
“How is she?” he interrupted. I almost wish he hadn’t because I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to get the words out, to understand and put reason behind all the things I’d learnt that were confusing me so.
“She’s still unwell. I thank you for the healer, though. At least I know there was no stone left unturned. If—when she dies, I’ll not question what could have happened if we’d done anything differently.” I hugged myself, suddenly cold like it was the cold season and not the hot one.
Rick didn’t say anything. Whether he had nothing to say or he didn’t want to say anything that would upset me any further, I didn’t know. I hadn’t realised until now how much I’d come to trust and depend on Rick. In the few weeks I’d known him, he’d become as close to me as Sawyer and Brayden were.
Uncomfortable with my thoughts, I resumed walking, Rick quickly falling into step beside me. Today, he was dressed in the Guard’s uniform—a black tunic with First Kingdom’s symbol on his chest; the dragon outlined in purple thread. This was the first time I’d seen him in his uniform. I had to admit, it suited him well. “My mother and father died when I was young—too young to remember either of them. When they died, my aunt raised me. I’ve never questioned any of it—why would I? I had no reason to doubt what I’d been told.”
“And now you do?” he quietly asked, not to break my train of thought, but to help steer me.
“That’s the thing.” I shook my head. “My aunt is delirious with sickness, and I know I shouldn’t take anything she says in her condition to be the truth, but the way she said it, without a hint of doubt or confusion, it made me...suspicious.” Exhaling in disgust at myself, I looked at the crowd of people in the street and wondered if my life would ever return to normal. “She said that my mother would come for me, made it sound like she was alive.”
“If your mother is alive, wouldn’t that be a good thing?”
“Yes—No,” I contradicted myself, sighing to try and order my thoughts. “If my mother is alive, my aunt has lied to me my entire life. She’s the one who told me how my mother died. And, if my mother is alive, why did she abandon me? Why did she give me up?”
“I see the predicament you face,” he sympathised. There was a light breeze to the air and it blew his messy hair across his forehead. He absentmindedly ran his fingers through it, sweeping it back. “I think I know of a way to help you.”
“You do?”
He grabbed my elbow and steered me towards the castle. “Follow me.”
I did gladly, only realising afterwards that I’d follow him anywhere.



Chapter Eleven
In the bowels of the castle, Rick led me down an unlit hallway. The air was cold and smelt mouldy, making my nose itch like I needed to sneeze. We walked in silence; the only noise the steady beat of our footsteps echoing back to us, demonstrating how very deep the passage was.
Finally, when I was sure we’d walked the full length of the castle, we reached a barred door which appeared out of the gloom. Still not explaining where we were or what we were doing here, Rick pulled a set of keys off a hook on his leather belt. He inserted an old, rusted one into the lock below the handle. The click of the lock sounded loud to my ears, and as he pushed on the door, it creaked with old age, causing me to shiver.
Beyond the door, I couldn’t see anything. So dark, I couldn’t even make out the outline of anything that lay in the room beyond.
Unable to stand the silence and mystery for much longer, I broke it by whispering, “Where are we?”
“We’re here for answers,” was his reply which stirred my nervousness even more.
Reaching up to unhook an unlit lantern hung next to the door, Rick ran a splint down the abraded wall and a single flame sparked to life, casting shadows on both our faces. As I’d been straining to see in the dark, the sudden light hurt my eyes.
He lit the lantern and entered the room. I quickly followed. I had no intention of being left alone down here. I’d never find my way back again, and I wondered how Rick knew his way around the castle so well and why he had keys to mysterious locked doors?
Inside, the light from the lantern spilled out and revealed row upon row of shelves, every single one of them lined up in perfect uniformed formation. On each shelf rested volume after volume of books. Each as wide as my thigh, the weight of the books made the wooden shelves bow under the pressure. I’d never seen anything like this before. Some of these books were really old. Cobwebs covered most of them.
“What is this?”
“These,” he indicated with a slow sweep of the lantern to reveal the full extent of the collection, “are the public records. Every death and every birth is recorded in these books. If your mother was born on Atlainian soil, she’ll be in one of these books…somewhere.”
I swallowed, both in relief and apprehension. The answers to my questions were within reaching distance. All we had to do, now, was determine out of the hundreds of books, which one we needed. Why’s nothing ever simple?
“What’s your aunt’s name?”
After I’d told him, he walked to a specific row and started to run his fingers along the spines of the books. He squinted in concentration, and I found myself not looking at the books, but at him. It was hard to believe all the trouble Rick was willing to go through for me. He didn’t need to help me, but he did regardless. He wasn’t getting anything out of helping me—he could get anyone to help him look for the crimson jewel, and he’d probably have a lot less trouble if he did.
I didn’t know what I’d do without him, which I knew sounded so weak and melodramatic about someone I’d only known for such a short time, but after meeting him, I’d known Rick was destined to be an important part of my life.
But, what part? What future would—could—we have? I imagined only time would tell.
His searching finger stopped as he found the book he hunted for. He took a deep breath and blew the dust off the spine, revealing gold numbers and letters. From the angle I stood at, I couldn’t quite read what it said.
Passing the lantern to me to free his hands, he pulled the book off the shelf. I could fully appreciate the size of each volume. The book was as long as Rick’s arms and as thick as my calf. It creaked from old age when he opened it, using both of his hands and arms to balance the book.
My curiosity got the better of me and I peered over his shoulder, both fascinated and scared about what the book might say.
Was I finally going to know the truth about my mother?
He flipped through the thick pages, each filled with name after name. I held the light higher, casting light over both of us. About half way through the book, his search stopped at a name, and I knew from the tensing of his body that something was wrong.
“What is it?” My tone was desperate. “What does it say?”
At first, he didn’t answer me, and I got the strange feeling that he wanted to snap the book closed, replace is on the shelf and drag me out of there, all without me seeing what he’d seen. Almost as if, in some weird way, he was trying to protect me.
“Rick,” I pleaded as I tried to see over his shoulder, “I have to know. The suspense is killing me.” Better bad news than no news at all. Knowing would stop the questions. Knowing would put an end to my doubts.
Slowly, he said, “It says, ‘Maria Turner, born in the year of our lord 1032. Only daughter of John Turner.’”
“What?” I whispered, certain he’d found the wrong Maria. It couldn’t be right. It was impossible. My mother was my aunt’s sister—meaning it was impossible for my Aunt Maria to be the only daughter of anyone. My mother was the eldest child, meaning the book should read, “Second daughter of John Turner.”
“The book must be wrong.” There was no other explanation.
Rick was shaking his head in denial before I’d even finished speaking. “Some of these books are hundreds and hundreds of years old. We have scribes to manage every single one of these books. They’re responsible for keeping them up to date with any new births or deaths. If your mother had been the sister of your aunt, she would have been mentioned in this book.”
My mind and stomach churned with confusion. Did I believe that Rick was right? That these books were never wrong?
Did I want to believe him? Suddenly, it felt like my world was crashing down around me and I couldn’t rebuild it fast enough.
“Maybe it’s a mistake.” I held my hands up when Rick started to interrupt me. “Just entertain the possibility. Perhaps my aunt’s record is mistaken, but what about my mother’s?”
We spent what felt like forever looking in book after book. My arms started to shake with every heavy one I got off the shelf and replaced. We searched through decades and decades of births, but we never came across my mother. Rick wasn’t one for quitting, but even I could tell that he thought this was a pointless endeavour.
It was like she’d never existed. She wasn’t mentioned anywhere, not once.
“I wish,” Rick started to say, before he paused, like he was trying to gather his thoughts. “I yearn to give you the answers, Katelyn. I really do. There’s nothing worse than not knowing who you are. Trust me, I know. We’ll find a way to figure out who your mother is. I promise you.”
I knew his words were meant to be kind and reassuring, but they only made me sad. I didn’t have a clue who I was.
A few days ago, I’d known what my life was. I’d worked hard to earn enough money to put food on the table for my family. I’d led a simple life, but it had been my life.
Now, it all felt like a lie.
My mother wasn’t who I’d thought she was. My family might not even be my real family. I’d never thought that my aunt and uncle would deceive me in such a way. Feeling like someone had shoved a blunt knife under my ribcage and straight into my heart, my eyes closed so Rick couldn’t see the tears welling in them.
I’d always believed that honesty was the only free commodity in this life—but, unfortunately, it was probably the rarest quality anyone possessed. And yet, all the honesty in the world couldn’t buy you a loaf of bread. A lie may take precedence over the now, but it had no substance in the future.
I didn’t notice—probably because I had my eyes closed—that Rick had approached me until I found myself in his arms. Like a pathetic baby, I grabbed hold of his shirt with both hands, so tight he’d probably have to pry me off. At that moment, Rick was the one stable point in the whirlwind that my whole existence had just become. He was the eye within the storm.
What should I do now? Should I go home and confront my uncle about what I’d discovered? Would they have the audacity to continue to lie to my face, even when I knew the truth?
The possibility left a bitter taste in my mouth.
Rick made soothing, shushing noises, pulling me out of my despair. He helped calm my battered nerves until I’d regained control of my emotions. When I felt like I could talk without my voice breaking, I pulled back a small amount so I could gaze into his forest green eyes. This close to him, I could make out the small scar on the side of his throat. I wondered how he’d come to possess such an injury.
“Rick?” I hated the sound of my voice. I sounded so small and frail—not the type of person I’d tried to be all my life. I repeated his name as a question with more force.
“Yes, Katelyn?” he replied as he brushed the hair off my face with the back of his hand and dried the tears that had ran down my cheeks with the tips of his fingers. He seemed fascinated with the task and his eyes followed his fingers’ progression.
Was he only looking at me like this because he felt sorry for me? Or did he truly see me as something to cherish and protect?
“You would never lie to me, would you?”
Rick froze like a deer in the path of a flying arrow. His whole body stiffened and his hand dropped like I’d burnt him. He didn’t say anything for the longest time, and that was when it hit me.
“You have been lying to me,” I said in shock. “Haven’t you?”
He didn’t tell me if I was right or wrong. He didn’t need to, though. His lack of answer spoke for him. When faced with the question I presented to him, to not answer it, condemned you. Rick’s betrayal, out of the two, hurt the most. Maybe because I’d seen Rick as the most loyal person I knew. I wanted to kick myself—I obviously didn’t know this man.
“What have you been lying about?” I accused with ice dripping from my voice, pushing away from him and out of his arms. I’d already broken down once today. I couldn’t do it again. It was better to shut down my emotions than risk them taking a hit they couldn’t recover from.
“Katelyn,” he begged, grasping my wrist to prevent me from leaving. “Some lies are said to protect you.”
My snort lacked any measure of humour. “I’d rather be hurt with the truth than be happy with a lie.”
“I appreciate that, but sometimes the truth is more damaging than the untruth.”
Shocked at his nerve as he tried to give excuse after excuse for lying to someone he was meant to care about, I yanked until he let go of my wrist, turning to make my escape from him and all his lies.
But, maybe that was just it. Maybe Rick didn’t care for me at all if he found it so easy to lie to me.
No hurting, I told myself as my eyes burned with the emotions I tried to contain.
“I don’t want to lose you, and I’m afraid the truth will drive you away,” he called after me.
I stopped at the door. “You already lost me.”
Leaving, I didn’t look back. Without thinking and mostly by luck, I escaped out of the twisting and turning passageways of the castle. I didn’t care where I went, I just wanted to continue walking until I‘d left everything far enough behind.
Only with the sun on my face, did I feel the slightest bit better. By no stretch of the imagination was I well again. I felt like someone had not only stabbed my heart with a blunt knife, but someone had reached their hand into my ribcage and ripped it out. I’d always liked to think I was a good judge of character. How wrong I’d been. I was as pathetic as a child, trusting a complete stranger. That was what Rick had been to me—a stranger I’d trusted with my secrets. I wondered how many he’d spill.
How many more betrayals would be dealt out against me?
So consumed in my thoughts, so lost in my own turmoil, I wasn’t looking where I was going.
I walked straight into a man, making him lose his footing and drop the suitcases he’d been carrying. They splattered in the mud and I silently cursed my clumsiness.
Bending to pick them up, I wiped the suitcases with my hands as best I could. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t see you.” When I tried to pass them back to the man, he looked like he’d seen a ghost. His skin was white and he looked close to fainting. “Are you alright? Did I hurt you?”
Suddenly, a woman’s commanding, nasal voice cried out. “What’s going on there? Look what you’ve done, you lumbering fool.”
Turning, I saw that the owner of the voice sat regally on a whiter-than-white horse. Dressed in a grand yellow dress, she sat so straight on her horse, I imagined that she must have a stick strapped to her back. Or maybe shoved where the sun doesn’t shine? She had frill after frill of ruffles stitched onto her chest, all held down by a gold, feminine riding jacket detailed with brass buttons. However, the sleeves made her look ridiculous. Starting from her elbows and ending at her shoulders, she had huge balloons instead of sleeves, each as wide as she was. Completing her ensemble was a matching hat poised precariously on the crown of her head which did nothing to hide her frizzy, mousey coloured hair.
If the dress and horse didn’t enlighten me that this woman was born of class, her parade of guards that surrounded her would have. All the guards were dressed like the men on the King’s Guard—except these men had yellow lions instead of purple dragons on their uniform.
“It’s ruined,” the woman’s shrill voice cried. “You’ll be paying for that, boy.”
Not relishing someone being blamed for something that wasn’t their fault, I bit my lip for courage.
“It was my fault,” I admitted, addressing the pampered lady. “I’m sorry—I walked into him.”
She turned those cold eyes on me. “And tell me why I shouldn’t have you hanged for it?”
My eyes narrowed, and if she knew me better she’d know that this look meant business. “Walking into a man isn’t a hangable offense. If it was, I’m sure I’d have been hanged a long time ago. But”—I spread my arms out to encompass myself—“here I am, alive and well.” I had to confess that it wasn’t my most political answer, but I just didn’t care.
The lady snapped her white-gloved-covered fingers, to which one of her guards hastened to assist her with demounting. She even made getting off a horse look elegant. In my current mood, I really hated her for it.
Swishing out her dress, she glided towards me, inspecting me from my worn boots, up my patchy dress, over my dirt smeared face, to end at my glaring eyes. She looked at me like I was the mess her horse would make.
“Do you have any idea who I am?”
Only someone self-righteous would ask a question like that. “I have no idea who you are—and I couldn’t care less. I apologise for your suitcases and I offer to clean them, but don’t think that gives you the right to talk to me like you just did.”
There wasn’t even a flicker of remorse or warmness in her cold eyes. At that moment, I fully believed that she’d have me hanged if she could. There was a malevolence about her that said she relished the power she had over people; that she enjoyed watching the life leech out of someone’s eyes, knowing she’d had the power to take it from them.
I straightened my shoulders, glad to have someone to take my anger out on. My fight with Rick had gotten my blood boiling, and this pompous woman was the perfect way to release some heat. “Unless you’re the Goddess Herself, I really don’t give a damn.”
Her outraged intake of breath sounded so put out, it couldn’t be mistaken as anything other than fake. Slowly, with over exaggerated care, she took off her leather glove, one finger at a time.
“I,” she corrected, nose in the air, “am your new queen. And like any peasant should be in the presence of royalty, you ought to be on your knees, begging for forgiveness.”
I seethed. Madness at my family’s lies, madness at Rick’s lies, and madness at this pompous woman consumed me. Nostrils flaring, I snapped, “And you can kiss my—”
My head whipped to the side; my hand flew to my cheek as the crack of her glove struck my face. For a small woman, she sure had some force behind her. My skin burned, and already I felt the welt forming on my smooth skin.
At first, I was too shocked to do anything but stare at her. Her guards looked sympathetically at me, but none came to my aid. They didn’t even seem surprised by her actions. The woman nonchalantly ran the glove through her bare palm, inspecting to see if my face had marred her perfect glove.
Anger like I’d never known it before darkened my thoughts until they were unrecognisable to me. I wanted to punish this unknown woman. I wanted her to suffer ten times as much pain as she’d inflicted on me. How dare she strike me! How dare she strike anyone, for that matter. Sure, I’d been rude, but that was no excuse to hurt another person.
A storm must have rolled in because the wind started to pick up speed. It blew my hair around my face, stirring the dust off the road. In some part of my mind, I noticed that the wind was behaving strangely, like it possessed a life of its own. But most of my mind was focused on my hatred for this woman. The wind blew faster, violent, but it didn’t hurt. If anything, it caressed my skin in a soothing manner.
I got a twisted sort of pleasure out of seeing the woman clutch at her hat with one hand to stop it flying away as she used the other to try and control her hair. It was strange. The wind seemed to be battering everyone like waves did on a beach, but with me, it was like I was the eye of the storm. The wind revolved around me, caressing. The storm seemed to be screaming my rage, directed at the woman who thought herself my superior. She gave up the fight to preserve her appearance, instead clutching at her throat like the wind was suffocating her, stealing the air from her lungs.
Someone grabbed my arm, snapping me out of my trance. The wind died down like it had never been. There wasn’t even a single cloud in the sky.
Sawyer stood on my left—he was the one touching me. He gave me a concerned look, silently asking if I was alright when he saw the damage inflicted to my cheek. His eyes became cold and hard when he turned to address my foe. When he spoke, he covered his disgust so well even I struggled to identify it. But, it was there, under all the fake respect.
“Lady Olivia,” he said, giving a short, formal bow. “Can I assist you? Is this girl bothering you?”
This sadistic woman was Lady Olivia, betrothed to Prince Aidric, one day to be queen of First Kingdom when Prince Aidric was crowned king? Goddess, save us. With this woman in charge... I shuddered, thinking of the repercussions it would have on the people.
Why did I make it a habit to antagonise a royal whenever I crossed paths with one? First Prince Peter, now Lady Olivia. I guess she hadn’t been lying when she’d threatened to have me hanged, I thought to myself.
One of the guards had retrieved her hat from wherever it had blown to. She snatched it off him, muttering “Fool” under her breath as she did.
“This,” she seethed, pointing at me, answering Sawyer’s question, “peasant was disrespecting me. She caused damage to my property. Her very presence is insulting for me to look at.”
The only reaction Sawyer displayed at her words was a flexing of his fingers where they rested on my arm. I liked to think he was imagining choking the woman just like the wind had.
“I’ll see to it, Lady Olivia,” he promised. “She won’t be bothering you again.”
She lifted her nose into the air. “Make sure you punish her well.”
“I’ll make sure she’s dealt with.” The way he said “dealt” seemed to appease her as she nodded in satisfaction.
Sawyer and I watched her remount her horse and continue her journey up to the castle, her procession of guards surrounding her. My lips twitched when I noticed her hat sat crooked on her head.
“I leave you alone for half a day and already you’re in trouble again?” He shook his head in bewilderment. “How you’ve survived all these years, I’ll never know.”
I smiled at him, a big cheeky grin. “I have you to fight my battles.”
He rolled his eyes before pointing at me seriously. “You need to keep that temper of yours under control.”
I nudged him playfully, knowing that he could never stay mad at me for long.
He shook his head in an “I give up” gesture. “I was looking for you,” he informed me. “Brayden and I are about to interview your attacker. Do you still want to be there?”
Did I want to be there? To face the man that had attempted to kill me? If I didn’t, I feared I’d be forever haunted by the man’s face. In my dreams, I knew he’d catch me.
“Lead the way,” I ordered. He must have seen the determination on my face because he did so without further ado.
Something caught my attention. A pair of eyes, hidden in the shadows, watched me. A pair of eyes I feared I knew better than my own. Rick had followed me from the public records after our fight. He’d seen my encounter with the future queen of First Kingdom.
I looked away and when I looked back again, he’d gone.



Chapter Twelve
The smell of human excrement, sweat and decay hit my senses first. It was worse than the stench of a hundred chamber pots combined. My gorge rose in revulsion. I lifted the cloth of my shirt to cover my nose but it didn’t lessen the disgusting odour.
Down the winding staircase we went until I didn’t think it possible to descend any further. At the bottom, a door blocked our way. Brayden produced a key and the click of the lock sounded final, like the last beat of a heart.
“Stay in the middle,” he instructed and before I had a chance to question him, he’d already entered the dungeon. Sawyer waited at my back for me to proceed next.
On entering, it took my eyes a moment to adjust to the darkness. Flickering candles were the only source of illumination, and they didn’t succeed in penetrating the darkness any further than to allow me to see my hand in front of my face. But what I could make out made me shiver.
A long corridor ran straight ahead, and along either side was cell after cell.
Slowly, I followed Brayden, placing my feet where he placed his. Our footsteps echoed off the stone walls. Muttering and wails were all around us, but I couldn’t identify which prisoners made the sounds. It turned to screams and pleads as soon as our presence became known. Above the moans of the captives, I could hear the trickle of water running down the walls. It gave the air a musty smell.
I jumped back when grime-streaked arms reached through the iron bars of the cells. I recoiled when a bony finger grazed the back of my hand. Bile rose in my throat. Surely, death was a fate better than being imprisoned in this place.
“Do you want to leave?” Sawyer’s voice came from behind as he knocked the reaching limbs away from me.
The castle dungeons were worse than I’d imagined. Could I continue on? Did I want to?
Taking a lungful of air for courage, regretting it instantly when the foul smell multiplied, I told him I wanted to continue. I wanted my answers. I wanted the truth, and for once, I wouldn’t run away until I got it—not like I’d ran from Rick and my uncle.
Brayden halted in front of one particular cell, and taking a lantern off the wall, he held it close to the iron bars. I could just make out the black silhouette of a man huddled in the corner. He shrank away from the brightness the single candle flourished as if he feared it.
“Get up,” Brayden commanded in a hard voice I wasn’t accustomed to hearing from him. Gone was the playful young man I knew. Instead, I saw the powerful captain he was.
At first, it looked like the order would go ignored, but then the size of the man’s shadow cast on the stone wall behind him grew as he stood. Chains clinked and scraped as he shuffled slowly closer. It trailed across the floor behind him like a deadly snake slithering in the grass.
His face appeared first. His eyes sunken and teeth rotten, he looked like a walking corpse.
His eyes shined like oil or ink, and within the blacks of his pupils, there was a wild creature, mad, lurking. I saw a craziness one would expect to see of someone who suffered a mental ailment. The type of person who found pleasure in causing pain; he reminded me of the criminals that called the slums their home.
When he saw me, he growled and rattled the cold iron bars like a wild animal, caged against its will. He had the strength to make the whole cell shake, and I quickly inspected the metal, hoping it would hold. Thankfully, the bars didn’t budge.
All three of us waited and soon the man lost his energy. Instead, he simply glared at us with hatred in his eyes.
“Thee be lucky to escape me, girl,” he hissed like the insect he reminded me of. “We would of had some fun b’fore I handed yer over.” The smell of blood on his breath made me gag. That, and the image of his type of “fun”, turned my stomach.
“What do you want with me?”
He looked at me from under lowered eyelids. “You. I want you.”
When he didn’t elaborate, I asked, “Why?”
Sniggering evilly, he tapped on the bars with a blackened fingernail. “They’re willin’ to pay a lot fer you, girl.”
“Who is?” Sawyer thundered. “Who’s after her? Who paid you?”
“No, no, no,” he sung, shaking his finger at us like we were disobedient children. “Not allowed to say.”
I swallowed. The man’s craziness made me nervous. I was glad for the bars that kept us separated. “Why do they want me?”
He stuck his head between two of the iron bars, making me jump back. “To suck yer soul out and take it.” My nose scrunched up in revulsion when he pretended to suck up the air. Behind the man, the scratch of what I presumed were rats, made me shudder. “Dark creatures come from Hell to steal yer power.”
“What dark creatures?” The question came from Brayden. “Where can we find them?”
My attacker strongly shook his head. “They be everywhere and they be nowhere.” The man was obviously so crazed he didn’t realise what nonsense he was sprouting. “Soon, they’ll come fer you, and there’s nothin’ you can do about it.”
Of course, I didn’t believe the man. At least, I tried to believe that it was all idiotic talk. But, the evilness of the man before me, the creepy dungeon, and the bloodcurdling, mindless moans of the other prisoners, all started to scare me.
I drew courage from Sawyer and Brayden’s presence. Without them by my side, I feared I’d be running for the door, screaming.
“Death,” my attacker suddenly said with such seriousness, I knew he had all our attentions. “Death is a fate more easily faced than my destiny against the Dark Ones.” And with those final words, my attacker raised his palm to his face and swallowed. He receded into the darkness and the shadows consumed him like clouds blocking out the sun.
Sawyer and Brayden knew what had occurred before I did. They exclaimed, ordering the man to “spit it out.” Brayden fumbled with his keys, his sight limited in the dark dungeon. Before I could understand why he’d want to enter the man’s cage, he’d swung the door open. It clanged when iron met the wall.
Sawyer and Brayden rushed in. Warily, I edged forwards, wanting to know what was happening.
They crouched over the man’s fallen body, his laboured breathing loud for all to hear. His body started to shake like he was having a fit and foam developed at the corners of his mouth.
Brayden rolled the man onto his front and started to hit his back as if the man was choking on a piece of food. The convulsions and spasm instantly stopped. And just when I was about to breathe a sigh of relief, Brayden pushed the man’s body back over.
Lifeless eyes stared back at us.
The man was dead.
“What happened?” I whispered, wanting to make the sign of the Goddess for the dead man, even if he didn’t deserve it.
Sawyer forced open the man’s fisted hand. Inside, it was covered with what seemed to be black ink. Sawyer wiped his finger in the mystery substance and held it to his nose. After a moment, he muttered, “Nightshade.”
“He killed himself?” I said in disbelief. Atropa belladonna—or to call it by its more common name, deadly nightshade—was a plant; very poisonous, and as the name implied, very deadly. One only had to consume a couple of the small, black berries before the poison worked its way around your body, poisoning your organs as it went. To ingest the berries—such a desperate way to die. I mournfully shook my head.
“Who are the Dark Ones?” Sawyer asked.
“I’ve no idea,” I replied. Whoever they might be, this man was obviously scared enough of them to take his own life rather than face them, having failed to kidnap me. Was it just the insane actions and words of a man touched in the head? Or were there actually people out there—these Dark Ones—hunting for me?
Like I don’t already have enough on my plate to contend with.
I had a sick aunt to care for; questions about my parents, the most important being whether they were alive or not; I had Rick and his secrets; and now it seemed I had some evil soul-suckers hunting me. A girl does like to keep herself busy.
No. I refused to believe it. I was no one of importance, just a Slummer girl—a nobody. No one was coming to get me. It was simply that the man was so crazy he didn’t know what nonsense he said.
We left the dungeon with Sawyer promising that one of his generals would remove and bury the body. After talking awhile, I’d appeased Sawyer and Brayden to my way of thinking. There was no such thing as the Dark Ones. The attack had been random and not specifically aimed at me.
They left to return to their posts within the castle grounds, and I was left with my own thoughts. Could I go home and face the strangers that had once been my aunt and uncle? I had the feeling that if I asked them about what I’d unearthed in the public records, I wouldn’t get the answers I sought. Instead, I’d get more lies.
And what was Rick keeping from me? What was so bad he couldn’t tell me? Was he married with five children? A spy from Second Kingdom? So frustrated, I felt like tearing my hair out.
And if Rick cared for me at all, wouldn’t he tell me the truth?
♠
For the next few days, I avoided Rick. I didn’t go to the Keep to join him in the search for the crimson jewel. Instead, I returned to my normal duties of cleaning the generals’ rooms in the castle’s tower. My justification being that we’d already collected most of the red gems in the Keep, and he could collect the rest. The other reason being that I was still so mad I’d probably say something I’d later regret.
The other servants presumed I’d been dismissed; their attitude implying that they’d expected I wouldn’t last. I didn’t correct them. This time, their prejudice worked for me—I just had to put up with the smug looks cast my way. When I’d asked for my old uniform back from The Hag, a superior smile had stretched across her face. That had been the first time I’d ever seen her smile. At least my life is amusing to someone…
It seemed I was living in denial. I still hadn’t worked up the backbone to confront my uncle about what I’d discovered in the public records. I was taking the ignorance was bliss approach—not forever, of course, but just until I’d hardened my shell enough to protect my heart. What if they confirmed that my family wasn’t my family; that I didn’t have a family, not even an aunt or uncle?
Rick didn’t come looking for me. I told myself not to care—but I did care. I cared that he had the audacity to lie to my face and not even apologise for it. I cared that he didn’t think enough of me to resolve our argument. I cared so much I was sure my heart was breaking.
If he did care, wouldn’t he try to find me? Did I really mean so little to him? Was this the proof I’d been too reluctant to search for, that any chance of a future—be that as a friend, or perhaps as something more—was never destined to be?
In the heat of the moment, I’d said he’d lost me. But that was the furthest thing from the truth.
I missed him. I missed the way he would absentmindedly flick his hair away when it fell into his eyes. I pined for his company and the easy conversations we shared. I longed for his high-class habits that he tried so hard to suppress. I was even missing the sight of his crooked nose and strong cheekbones. Perhaps I was catching a fever—what other explanation could there be for my silly thoughts?
On the third day of not seeing him, I’d just dropped off a load of dirty bed linen at the washroom when a commotion stopped me. It came from the direction of the kitchens. I headed that way, rounding bends in the corridors, drawn by the sound of many voices speaking at once.
I stopped in my tracks, my forehead crinkled in confusion, seeing the main corridor that led into the kitchens packed with people. They queued to one side of the corridor. Some waited patiently, others, not so much, craning their necks towards the entrance of the kitchens. By the appearance—and I’m afraid to say, the smell—these people were from the slums.
Were there servant positions going at the castle that I wasn’t aware of? Had all these people come here to apply?
I knew that wasn’t the case when a very flustered Helen emerged from the kitchens and marched away, avoiding coming into contact with any of the people waiting, as if they were diseased or something.
I pushed my way through the people and into the kitchens, muttering, “Excuse me,” and, “Pardon me.” The inside of the kitchen was even busier than the outside. Every available flat workspace, from the chopping counter to the draining rack, people sat at, eating. The rattle of cutlery against bowls and plates sounded like a badly played instrument. People chatted happily between mouthfuls of the delicious smelling food.
My eyes widened when I spotted some familiar faces among the sea. I hurried over to the cluster of children. Troy, Little Faye, Amelia, David—all the orphaned children from Old Matthews house. They all sat there shovelling mouthful after mouthful of beef stew into their mouths.
“What are you doing here?”
Troy shrugged and mumbled around a mouth stuffed with bread, “Eating.”
I rolled my eyes at the attitude I’d come to expect from Troy. “Obviously, I can see that you’re eating. But why are you here in the castle?”
I didn’t get an answer from him or from any of the other children; they were all too busy enjoying the first hot meal they’d had in years.
Seeing Joan ladling bowl after bowl of steaming stew for the waiting people, I hurried over. She was flushed from both exertion and excitement. She smiled happily at the queuing people as she handed out food.
“Joan,” I said, repeating her name louder when she didn’t hear me the first time.
Finally, she turned her head in my direction, never once stopping the procession of food she was handing out. “Katelyn,” she happily cried, her cheeks even more plump as she smiled. “Isn’t it wonderful?”
“What are all these people doing here?”
“Haven’t yer heard?” She chuckled, turning her smile to the person she currently served. “Prince Aidric has ordered that once a day our kitchens be opened to feed the poor.”
“For free?” I breathed in disbelief.
She nodded. “Isn’t it brilliant? Think of all the people it’ll help!”
I looked around in amazement, seeing the scene with new eyes. “A miracle,” I mumbled under my breath. And that it was. The one meal a day that these people got from the castle could mean the difference between life and death. I was astounded that the prince had been so generous as to promise to feed the poor. Only days ago, I’d introduced Rick to the orphaned children. We’d taken the baskets of food to them and I’d said that the king was neglecting his duty...
My eyes widened in shock. My breathing became faster. My heart fluttered.
Rick. Rick was behind this. It was too much of a coincidence. I felt it in my heart, to the bottom of my soul, that Rick was responsible. It was impossible that by some twist of fate I’d shown him the hungry children, and then days later, the castle’s kitchens were opened to the needy.
I knew he had connections to the royals, but I hadn’t thought to the extent that he could get the heir to the throne to consent to giving food away. But he must have; there was no other explanation. He’d been assigned the mission of finding the crimson jewel, probably by the king. There was also the letter from Prince Aidric he’d given me. How he’d worn a disguise when we’d searched the Keep so not to be recognised. How he’d sent the royal healer to see my aunt. And now…this. He’d persuaded the prince to decree that the kitchens be opened to those in need.
Is he doing this so I won’t be mad at him anymore?
No, that didn’t feel right. He’d seemed genuinely concerned about the children. He hadn’t faked that—I’d seen how his eyes had saddened when he’d watched the children, that day in the forest.
Insufferable man! How could I stay mad at him when he crafted miracles like this?
I got vague waves from the children when I told them I had to get back to work; they were enjoying their food too much for conversation. Still amazed at what Rick had done—perhaps, even done for me—I didn’t see The Hag coming towards me until she was practically standing on my toes.
“I’ll not have you dallying, girl,” she scolded. “Everything has to be pristine for tonight. I’ll not have you ruining it.”
I racked my brains, trying to catch up on what the topic of discussion was. “What’s tonight?”
Huffing, she looked down her nose at me, which, since I was taller than her, was quite a feat. “Why, the masquerade, of course. Tonight is the welcoming ball to honour Lady Olivia.”
At the mention of that viper’s name, I had to force myself not to roll my eyes. I wondered if the prince knew what he was letting himself in for. I pitied the man. To be married to a woman like that? I shuddered, hoping our paths never crossed again. My face still flaunted a red mark from our earlier encounter.
Even if Prince Aidric did know what type of person she was, would it change anything? To a royal, it didn’t matter if you were moral, decent and kind. No, what mattered was breeding.
The right kind of blood; that was the only trait they cared about.



Chapter Thirteen
At the end of my working day, I decided to take a walk, hoping it would clear my head. I walked along the dusty road, no particular direction in mind. The bushes I passed were in much need of some water. But, I supposed, so was everyone else. Even though it hadn’t felt like it at the time, the river I’d fallen into was twice as low as normal. The hot season was drying everything out. I hoped it rained soon. If it didn’t, people would be forced to leave the kingdom for a source of life-giving water.
I’d just turned a corner in the road when a noise came from behind me, making me stop. The forest was alive with the voices of animals. Birds squawked and crickets sung. The trees rustled every time the wind whispered and the bushes crackled with small rodents seeking cover from the predators that circled above. But the sound behind me didn’t belong to the forest. It was a human noise—a human in trouble by the distinct sound of two swords striking against each other. The ring of metal, the grunts of the fighters—I froze, tensely waiting for the gurgle of blood when one of them found their mark. Thankfully, it didn’t come.
I stood still, undecided. I didn’t know what to do. Should I go back and try to help, or would that give them a new target to attack? How much help could I be? I mulled over my options. Make a run for it whilst I still can, or go and put myself in a deadly situation?
Somebody once told me that without good will, the world was heading for a dark place. It was a cold world and it only promised to get colder.
If I was the one getting attacked and a stranger was in my position, I’d want them to help. Do onto others as you’d like to be treated. That decided it for me. I pushed my way through the bushes that lined the side of the road. I cursed under my breath when a thorn grazed my cheek and I wiped it away with an angry flick of my wrist.
I used the foliage as cover, silently creeping towards the combat taking place. I couldn’t see them yet, which was good, because if I couldn’t see them, they couldn’t see me either. When I was in position, crouched on the edge of the road, the clang of swords was so loud I was surprised the King’s Guard hadn’t heard it all the way back in the kingdom.
Pushing my arm through the bushes, I saw the fighters for the first time.
I didn’t know why, and I didn’t want to wonder, but when I gazed upon Rick, swinging his sword expertly, I was only half surprised to see him.
My breath caught in my throat on a gasp. My heart accelerated—not because I was fearful for him. He was quite easily holding his own against the giant of a man he faced. Neither man was holding back, but whilst Rick fought with integrity, his opponent threw a stray punch to Rick’s face or stomach every time Rick’s mind was fixed on his sword.
My heart beat faster because this was the first time I’d seen Rick like this and the image did something to my weak body. I’d seen Rick as a gentleman when he’d kissed my hand or held open a door for me. I’d seen him be affectionate when he’d talked of his family, persuasive when he’d asked for my help and commanding when he’d talked of being a captain.
But this Rick, dare I even think it, was...desirable.
Even though I was well on my way to being called a spinster, until today, I’d never looked at a man as anything other than a friend, an uncle, a cousin. But when I looked at Rick, strong, his muscles working as he heaved his heavy sword over his head and swung it down with all the power in his arms, I desired him.
I thought Rick’s blow would cut the man in half, but his opponent was quicker than a man his size should be. That was when I realised that the man Rick faced was just as powerful as him. However, the man had an edge—he fought dirty. Good job I was a Slummer and had no qualms about fighting dirty, also.
“I’ve had the proper instruction since I was a child,” Rick said, trying to control his panting. “Surrender now and I shall let you live.”
The man didn’t reply and the fight continued on.
When the man pulled out a dagger from the brown leather sheath strapped to his back, I knew Rick was in serious trouble. I was familiar enough with Rick’s disposition to know he wouldn’t see it coming. I understood that when Rick fought, even for his life, he still followed the rules he lived by that said you fought with honour. And he wouldn’t expect anyone to fight any differently.
As the man’s grip tightened on the dagger in preparation of driving it into Rick’s chest, I knew I had to act before Rick’s blood ended up on my hands. It was a blessing that the man’s back was to me. I only had a moment before they continued their circling and I lost my advantage.
I slipped my own dagger from the sheath hidden inside the folds of my cloak, silently creeping up behind the man. Rick’s eyes widened when he saw me. He gave an almost none existent shake of his head, but I knew he was trying to communicate with me, hoping to not draw attention. Rick had both his hands grasping the hilt of his sword, swinging the blade above his head. The metal flashed in the sun, causing me to blink to clear my eyes from the glare. The two swords met in the middle, both men blocking and attacking at the same time. With their swords locked together, Rick didn’t have any way of protecting himself against the dagger aiming for his heart.
Rick’s attacker froze—both his sword and dagger—when I placed my dagger to his throat. I knew this type of man, how he’d only take my threat seriously if I inflicted pain. I dug the sharp side of the weapon into his gullet, enough so his skin broke, but not so damaging that he’d bleed out.
I felt my dagger move as the man swallowed. After a minute’s hesitation, he let his sword and dagger fall to the ground with a clatter.
Being behind the man, I couldn’t see his eyes to watch for a tiny flicker, the tell-tale sign that he planned to attack, so instead, I examined Rick’s eyes, hoping they would mirror the man’s. Being that I watched his penetrating green irises so much, I saw how they darkened when Rick spotted the dagger for the first time. His nostrils flared with rage and he poised his sword over the man’s heart. One thrust from Rick and the man wouldn’t breathe any longer. For a moment, the anger in Rick made me think that I’d have to watch the life drain out of this man.
“On your knees,” Rick demanded in a voice not recognisable to me. He shouted his command when the man didn’t comply. Finally, the man dropped to his knees with a thud and I was glad I didn’t have to stretch anymore to hold my dagger at his throat. “Who are you?” Rick interrogated.
Silence.
“I said,” he thundered and his eyebrows lowered in a soundless threat, “who are you?”
“No one,” came the gruff reply.
“Who sent you?”
The man grunted when Rick dug the tip of his sword into his skin. The man was signing his own death sentence with his silence.
Rick tried a different question. “Why were you following her?”
My eyebrows rose. That surprised me. I hadn’t even considered that the man had been following me. Guess it’s my lucky day. So, this man had been following me, and Rick had been following him in return. I waited impatiently for the answer to Rick’s question. It felt like I was a magnet for trouble. First my attacker by the river, the one who’d killed himself, and now this man. I pictured a big red and white target on my back, like the ones used to practise your skill with a crossbow.
“They want her.”
“Who does?” Rick questioned through clenched teeth. “Who wants her? Second Kingdom?”
The man shook his head.
“Who?” Rick thundered and barked the word at the same time.
“The magicians,” the man answered, surprising me to such a degree that I almost released the death-grip I had on my dagger.
“You lie!” I exclaimed once I’d found my voice.
The man stiffened at the sound of my voice. He started to turn his head in my direction but Rick ordered, “Don’t look at her.”
“The magicians want her,” the man continued when he was facing Rick again. “I’m just a man-for-hire. The magicians found me. They told me to find her, to bring her to them. I didn’t know what they meant about the red hair until I saw her.”
“Why do they want her?” Rick was playing it well. He didn’t let his surprise at the man’s declaration show through his firm expression. Not wanting to be seen as the lesser informed or weaker of the two men, I presumed.
The man shrugged.
“White or Black?” Rick’s question made my heart stop, my thoughts suddenly clicking into place.
I already knew the answer.
As one could imagine from the name alone, White Magicians were considered “good”. They were the ones allowed on Atlainian soil on the rare occasions they were given agreement to trade with the kingdoms. I had little knowledge of how someone became a White or Black Magician. The single piece of information I knew about Black Magicians was that they were bad, dark, evil.
My mind flashed back to the day I’d met Jeremiah, the rogue who’d saved my life by pulling me out the river. That day, I’d seen a man in the shadows of the forest. Or at least, I’d thought I’d seen a man. One moment, he’d been standing there, watching me, the next, he’d disappeared like smoke dissipating. I’d written it off as a trick of the light, but with Rick’s question, I knew how foolish I’d been to believe that.
A Black Magician had stood in that shadow, using his powers to camouflage himself. I’d believed it was my fright that had made me imagine the feeling of malice and darkness, but I hadn’t been imagining it. If Brayden hadn't come across us when he had...I didn’t know what would’ve happened to me.
Had this man, knelt before us, been hired to bring me to the Black Magicians dead or alive?
When I’d questioned my attacker in the dungeon, he’d killed himself to get away from the “Dark Ones.” Had he meant the Black Magicians?
My stomach clenched with dread. What’s happening to my life? Yes, I’d wished for adventure and excitement, but if this was what I got from wishing, I’d take all my wishes back. My life wasn’t an adventure, it was a nightmare. A nightmare I couldn’t wake up from—no matter how much I wanted it to end.
Only a couple of blinks of an eye had passed during my inner panic attack. I saw the same feelings I was experiencing in Rick’s face when the man spat, “Black.”
Worry, confusion, turmoil—it was all mirrored on Rick’s face. As I did, he struggled to accept the truth. “How much are the Black Magicians paying you?”
“One hundred gold coins.”
Where had I heard that before? The man’s answer played at the edge of my memory. My forehead crinkled in thought, trying to recall when and where I’d heard that before. One hundred gold coins was a lot of money, more money than I’d ever see in my lifetime.
Rick remembered before I did.
“The crimson jewel,” he whispered. “The magicians are paying one hundred gold coins for the crimson jewel.” He looked at me like I was a stranger. “You have red hair.” I touched my hair like it belonged to a stranger and I’d never seen it before. “The same colour as the jewel they want. The man by the river, this man,” he waved at the man in question, “they were sent by the magicians. You’re the crimson jewel.”
“No,” I breathed, my arms no longer strong enough to hold up anymore. I backed away, panting, shaking my head, denying what he was saying. “You’re wrong. Why would they want me? Me?”
“Did they call her the crimson jewel?” he demanded of the man still on his knees. “Answer me!”
“Yes, that’s what they called her.”
“He’s lying. Don’t believe him, Rick.”
“He’s not lying, Katelyn. You’re the crimson jewel, the thing the magicians—the Black Magicians want.”
“I’m nobody,” I shouted, panic coursing through my whole body. “Why would they want me?”
“It’ll be alright, Katelyn,” Rick reassured in a soft, kind tone. “I won’t let them take you. I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
I couldn’t control my panting. “If the magicians want me so much, they’ll find me. There’s nothing you, or anyone else, can do to stop them.” No one could stop the Black Magicians. If they wanted me, sooner or later, they would have me. Panic rose within me. What would they do to me when they got me? Everyone knew they were devil worshippers, sacrificing animals and sometimes even humans to increase their power. They were evil personified.
My hands shook as I thought of what I needed to do. I’d have to run away and never come back. If I went home to my aunt and uncle, I’d be leading the Black Magicians right to our door. My family could get hurt...because of me. My fault. I’d have to leave without saying goodbye to anyone, not even Sawyer or Brayden.
I didn’t have any supplies or money to take with me, but that couldn’t be helped. I’d get as far away as I could without any and then work when I had to. Never stopping in one place for longer than necessary as inaction would mean my death. I didn’t want to entertain the notion of them capturing me.
My fate had been decided in less than a few moments. Rick was still questioning the man. Would Rick help me get away from First Kingdom before I was captured? Could I trust him now that he knew I was the crimson jewel? To use Rick’s saying: Every man had a price.
My eyes filled with tears. I didn’t know if I had the energy to fight the fight I knew was coming. Rick was too loyal to the kingdom to just let me walk away—even if staying meant my death.
“Are you going to hand me over to the magicians, Rick?” I didn’t recognise my own voice. It sounded hollow and defeated.
His eyes were bleak when he replied, “I don’t know that I’m going to do. This changes everything.” He swallowed. “I do know this though: I can’t see you get hurt. You’re too precious.”
“You mean I’m too valuable as the crimson jewel to kill? Are you going to trade me to the magicians for the safety of the kingdom?” I both did and didn’t want to know the answers to my questions. It was masochistic of me but I had to know. “Either you give me to the magicians or it’s war.”
He briefly shut his eyes. When he opened them again, he’d made up his mind. Determination shone in his face. “I don’t care,” he stated.
My breath left my lungs in choppy exhalations. I couldn’t speak. Rick was willing to go to war with the magicians over trading me to them for the safety of the kingdom.
I love him, I realised. How could I not? He was so good, so noble, so kind.
I knew little about love. I’d never felt this feeling before. But if I searched the whole world for this feeling, I’d only ever find it when I looked at Rick. My heart didn’t belong to me anymore; it belonged to Rick, only to Rick.
I hoped all my feelings translated through my eyes. I didn’t have the strength to say them to him. I knew he didn’t feel the same way. How could he? It was impossible.
It was with these new found feelings for Rick that I knew I couldn’t let him make the choice between me and his loyalty to the kingdom. He’d promised the king to deliver the crimson jewel to the magicians to stop them invading. If he didn’t, if he protected me, Rick, the most loyal person I knew, would be committing treason. I knew he’d die a little inside if he did.
“Thank you,” I whispered, causing him to frown.
Without sparing the man on his knees a single glance, Rick used the handle of his sword to knock him unconscious, hitting him on the head in a particular spot. Rick stepped over the prone body, his hand raised up in surrender like he was afraid of scaring me.
“Katelyn, I swear on my life, I won’t hurt you.”
I smiled slightly. I wasn’t scared—I was sad. I loved him but I would never have him. Fate had played a cruel hand. “I know.”
He was racking his brains for a way to understand me, I could tell. “I won’t let the magicians hurt you.”
“I know,” I repeated.
“Whatever’s going through that head of yours, just stop! We’ll go back to the Keep. I’ll explain everything to the king. We’ll keep you safe.”
“At what cost?”
“At any cost,” he promised as he took small steps towards me.
“What if I think the cost is too high?”
“There is no cost too high.” He held is hand out to me. “Trust me, Katelyn. Please, trust me,” he begged.
I was so tempted to take his hand. It would be so easy to slip mine into his. I did want that—I did believe he could keep me safe. But what would the cost be? First, he’d have to betray his word to the king. He’d be cast out, marked as a traitor. He could get hurt by the magicians. The Black Magicians would eventually get tired of waiting for someone to bring them the crimson jewel, and they’d invade First Kingdom to find me. My friends and family could get caught in the crossfire.
“Katelyn,” he spoke slowly like he was talking to a child, “there is something I should have told you a long time ago. I’m not who you think I am. I can—I will—protect you against the magicians. Yes, I was going to trade the jewel to the magicians so they’d leave, but that was before I knew the crimson jewel was you...” He graced me with a secret smile. “I know what you’re thinking. If you weren’t thinking it, you wouldn’t be you. You believe that the magicians will follow you if you leave, but you won’t get past the forest before they catch you. You’re safest in First Kingdom, with me.”
How tempted I was to believe him. I yearned to. Thinking it would be safer if I left, to draw the magicians away, to keep my family, friends and especially Rick safe, was the only motive that kept me fixed on my decision.
“Trust me, Katelyn,” he begged again.
I looked away because I couldn’t stand the sight of Rick begging. I couldn’t imagine him begging for anything before in his life. Until now. He begged for me to stay, for me to trust him.
“No running away,” he commanded and motioned for me to take his hand.
Slowly, I did. “No running away,” I promised, talking both to myself and to him.
He pulled me slowly towards him, like I was a skittish calf who would bolt at any moment. When I was close enough, he wrapped his free arm around me and buried his face in my hair, breathing in my scent like it was the very air he breathed.
 We simply held each other for the longest time before Rick sprang into action. He held me at arm’s length, a determined expression on his face. “I went back to the public records,” he stated. “I looked again for your mother’s name but I couldn’t find it. And then I looked for your name.”
“And?”
“Like your mother, you weren’t there either.”
“I don’t understand.” I wrapped both my arms around my stomach, suddenly very chilled with the things he was telling me. “What does that mean?”
“It’s like you don’t exist.”
“Of course I exist.” I encompassed myself with an angry wave down my body. “I’m stood right here.”
With new urgency, he led me over to his horse, which I saw for the first time. It looked like Rick had dismounted quickly so he could challenge the man following me; the man now unconscious and forgotten. After learning that the Black Magicians hunted for me, this man was the least of our worries.
“You don’t exist in First Kingdom,” Rick continued. “You weren’t born here. I don’t even think you were born in Atlainia.”
I cringed away. “What are you saying? Are you saying I come from Hexica?”
“Goddess, forgive me, but yes, I believe you have magic blood in your veins.”
Magicians were hated in Atlainia, so much so that one could even be executed for simply being on Atlainian soil without permission. If it was true, I’d be despised, feared, hunted, not just by the Black Magicians, but by the people of Atlainia. “No.” I shook my head in denial, my voice weak.
He held the horse steady and pushed me up, seating me on the saddle, his words coming faster and faster. “I saw what happened with Lady Olivia. She hit you and you got mad. The wind—it came from nowhere.” He expertly swung onto the horse’s back, seating himself in the saddle in front of me. If the circumstances weren’t so grave, I would have enjoyed how my body pressed so intimately against his, and how being so close to Rick meant that I could smell his masculine scent. “Liked you’d conjured it.”
I couldn’t deny his words. “What are we going to do?”
He wheeled the horse around to face the direction of the kingdom. “We need to get back to the castle. We’re not safe here. I need to talk to my father. He’ll know what to do.”
Before I could ask why he needed to talk to his father, Rick dug his heels into the black stallion’s sides. The horse shot forward like a cannonball. I hung onto Rick’s midsection tightly, feeling his stomach muscles contract and relax with every gallop of the great beast beneath us. We raced back to the castle like the hounds of Hell were chasing us—which just might be an adequate description of the Black Magicians hunting for me.
Whether it was the wind in my eyes or the shock of all we’d just discovered, but I felt my eyes well up. It was like I viewed my life from the outside, and it wasn’t me this was happening to. Someone else was the crimson jewel, not me. Someone else had magic in them, not me. I was just an ordinary Slummer girl.
And then I remembered what I’d read about the crimson jewel; it felt like a lifetime ago. Divined the most powerful entity...whoever may possess the jewel may control its magic.
Goddess, help me.



Chapter Fourteen
Not once did Rick slow down his horse. We raced through the kingdom, drawing curious stares from everyone we passed. I could feel his urgency; his heart beat a fast tempo under my palm. He expertly controlled the beast with his thighs and leather harness, veering it from side to side to avoid the people who weren’t fast enough to move out of our way. Up, we climbed, back to the castle.
At the last possible moment, he reined in the beast, the horse’s hooves skidding in the dirt as we stopped. Rick tossed the reins to one very flustered stable boy and quickly swung down. He didn’t wait for me to climb down myself, instead he placed his hands on my waist and carefully, but hurriedly, pulled me off. Without Rick here, I’d probably still be stood on that dusty road, frozen in shock. Rick grabbed my hand with his, and led me into the castle.
In some part of my mind, I recognised that people were saying things to him, calling greetings, but I couldn’t focus. All I could think about was how I was the crimson jewel. I was what the magicians were invading First Kingdom for. And if Rick was to be believed, I might be a magician myself.
We took the back way into the Keep. When Rick saw all the preparations that were being made for the masquerade tonight, he cursed.
“I completely forgot about the ball,” he muttered through clenched teeth.
My mind finally had a safe topic to focus on. “It’s to celebrate the wedding of Lady Olivia and Prince Aidric.”
“There isn’t going to be a wedding.”
Before I could ask what he meant, Rick swung open one of the doors in the stone corridor. “You can stay in here until all this is resolved. You’ll be safe here.”
He still had hold of my hand, so when he entered, I was forced to follow.
Beautiful. That’s all my mind could come up with to adequately describe the bedroom. What drew my attention first was the huge four-poster bed in the middle of the room. The wood had been carved with such a skilled hand, even my uncle, as a carpenter, would be jealous. Flower and leaf detailing twisted around the posts like the wood had magically sprouted them. So realistic, I imagined I’d feel real petals if I touched them. Four pieces of rich, violet, velvet cloth swept from the top of each corner to trail along the floor, held in place by gold rope.
All around the circumference of the room the bottom half of the walls were covered in arched mahogany panelling, reminding me of something I’d find in the village church. Above the wooden panelling were hand-painted memorials—some of exquisite woman lounging in tranquil gardens, others of angels resting on clouds, playing harps.
The sun was just starting to set and one of the servants had already been in to light the candles, some of which hung from the ceiling in a sculpture of curving metal.
Rick vigorously pulled the curtains to cover the arrow slit windows. “I have to attend the ball tonight. I’m obligated to do so.”
Were all the captains attending? I wouldn’t have expected that. “Alright. I’ll stay here.”
He was already shaking his head before I’d finished speaking. “Until this is over, I don’t want to leave you alone. I want you where I can keep an eye on you.”
What option did that leave, then? “So...you’re not going to the ball?”
“No, I have to go,” he said as he inspected every hidden cranny in the room. I half expected him to check under the bed for monsters. “And you’re attending too.”
I snorted, his sense of humour helping lighten my mood by a small amount. “Are you jesting? Me, attend a royal ball?”
“I’ll send someone to help you get ready.”
My hairline rose along with my eyebrows. I followed him as he made for the door. “Wait, you can’t be serious.” My voice sounded more panicked than when I’d found out that the Black Magicians were hunting for me. “I can’t go to the ball. I’m a Slummer.”
“No, Katelyn,” he corrected. “You’re the crimson jewel. Remember?”
I winced, wanting to deny it, but knowing I couldn’t.
Rick ran the back of his knuckles across my cheekbone, soothing me. “I have to leave you for a time—I’ll assign someone to guard your door. I need to speak to my father before the ball. I have a duty to fulfil, as well as an obligation to break.” And with a hard kiss to the back of my hand, he was gone, leaving me to contemplate his meaning. It seemed I had so many questions and no time to ask them.
And, I realised belatedly, that in all the madness, I’d forgotten I was meant to be mad at Rick for whatever he’d been lying to me about. It felt like it had happened such a long time ago that it hardly mattered now in light of all that had transpired.
I hadn’t moved from facing the door that Rick had just closed when a knock suddenly came. I opened it cautiously, peering through the gap, not sure of what to expect. A busty woman pushed her way in, introducing herself as Fiona. She then proceeded to huff at my dirty appearance, muttering about the amount of work cut out for her. She wasn’t anyone I recognised from working in the castle.
She had an aura about her that said she was used to the challenge of creating a swan out of an ugly duckling. I was the ugly duckling and no amount of fancy dresses would change that. I still didn’t understand why I had to go to the ball with Rick. I understood that he was worried for my safety. Black Magicians were hunting for me at that very moment. You’d be crazy not to be worried. But why did I have to go to the ball? I’d be perfectly safe in this room. There was even a lock on the door that I could use. Granted, a lock wouldn’t prevent a magician from coming through it, but if the Black Magicians decided it was time to collect their crimson jewel, there wasn’t anything that Rick or anyone else could do to prevent it.
The holler of Fiona shouting for hot water broke my inner rant. Seconds later, a parade of servants came in, lugging pitchers of hot water into the room. Each poured their burdens into the metal bath sat before the fire. Soon, after each servant had made three trips, the bath was three-quarters full, and I’d never seen anything as tempting as the hot steam rising, beckoning me. I’d never had a bath like this before. When it was time to bathe in our house, it normally consisted of a trip to the cold river.
“Off with it,” Fiona instructed, indicating to the dirty, old, worn dress I wore. I didn’t have any grievances about undressing in front of a complete stranger. I wasn’t the type of person to be shy about a little nakedness. I knew that a proper lady would see it as inconceivable to even show a little ankle, never mind anything else. Good job I’m not a lady.
I stripped down, leaving my dress in a heap at the side of the bath. Bracing one arm on either side of the bath, I easily swung my legs over and into the water. Slowly lowering myself, it felt like every muscle that was submerged relaxed into a boneless mess. I imagined that Fiona would have to help me out when the time came. The water lapped up to my neck and my eyes shut without a command from my brain. I sighed in upmost pleasure. Fiona must have added something to the water because it smelt of roses. I could almost feel the fragrance being soaked into every pore of my body.
A noise had my eyes cracking open to see Fiona sat on a stool at the side of the bath. She held up, with raised eyebrows, a rock of some kind. “First,” she informed me, “a good scrubbing to get rid of all that dirt. Arm up.”
I did as she said—by her tone, she wasn’t the type of woman to argue with. She lathered up the rock with soap she produced from somewhere. She then proceeded to scrub and scrub my arm. It didn’t hurt so much; it was just uncomfortable. The rock was rough and grainy. However, it seemed to be doing its job. Before, I hadn’t thought I was that dirty, but after a couple of swipes from the rock, my skin was wiped clean, revealing smooth, pink flesh. She did my other arm, followed by my legs, front and back. By the time she’d finished, my whole body was so pink I looked like a newborn piglet.
She sat back and inspected her work. “Are you a farmer?”
“No.” The question confused me. “Why do you ask?”
“Because I’ve only ever seen farmers with nails as dirty as yours,” she tsked like a scolding mother. She then produced a piece of pointed metal which she dug under each of my fingernails. Granted, the device seemed to be doing its job as the mud embedded under the nail was cleaned away, however it felt like my fingernails were being pulled off.
“Don’t they do this as a torture method?” I inquired on a wince, feeling each abused nail. “You know...if they want to get someone to talk.”
“I won’t have you complaining about a bit of pain. We’re only just getting started. Wait until it’s time to put your corset on,” she said, making my eyes widen in dread as I pondered what a corset was.
For the next hour, Fiona practically abused me with her “beauty” regime. She dunked my head under the water, brushing every tangle and knot out of my hair with a fine-toothed brush. Then, she sat me before a mirror and brushed my hair some more. My whole head ached, however, by the end of the agony, my hair had dried and it practically shined, reflecting the light of the fire. It seemed the red was more pronounced now that it was clean. I couldn’t decide if that was a good thing or not.
She powdered my face with some white stuff that made my flesh appear free of blemishes. Wincing when she started pinching my cheeks, she explained that it would give me a healthy glow. She crushed some red berries and made me stain my lips with them, resulting in them looking plump and rosy—like I’d just been kissed. Addressing my plain eyes, she smudged some coal on her finger, and ordering me to shut them, she applied a layer on my eyelids.
A stranger stared back at me through the mirror when I looked again. She looked like me, but this woman was much more beautiful than I’d ever imagined I could be.
My skin looked flawless, like a porcelain doll. The pink cheeks made my face look longer and thinner—the colour added a glowing quality to my complexion. The red of my lips was a sharp contrast to my pale skin, adding an exotic appearance. The black shadow around my eyes made my blue irises brighter, with an air of mystery behind them.
“Normally, at a ball like this, the women wear their hair up. But with hair like yours, it would be a sin to hide it.” With that comment, Fiona then proceeded to heat a thick, metal rod in the fire. When she approached me with the red glowing tool, I leant as far away from her as I could. With an annoyed attitude, she explained that it would curl my hair.
“You mean set fire to it.”
“Don’t be such a baby,” she scolded, yanking my head straight and holding me in place with a lock of hair which she curled around the hot contraption. I could feel the heat but it didn’t burn. She quickly unravelled the hair, unwinding it around and around, taking care to not touch my skin with the metal. I was amazed to see the hair curled in a spiral, bouncing when I moved my head, springing back when I pulled on it.
It took a while to do my whole head, but once it was finished, my hair was considerably shorter than when she’d started. With the beautiful curls, it looked lush and voluptuous. My hair had been thick to start with, but with the added volume, it looked exquisite. It framed my face beautifully. I was mesmerised by the magic that Fiona was working on my appearance.
I didn’t have long to appreciate my changing exterior. Taking a white underskirt out of the oak wardrobe, she had me step into it. The skirt flared out at the bottom. Noticing it didn’t move like flowing material should, I realised there was a coil of wire around the hem, supporting it. When commanded by Fiona, I grasped the back of the chair, nervous about what she had in mind for me next.
I felt like a child, the way she was dressing me. Is this what the royals had to go through on a daily basis? Didn’t they get sick of people serving them hand and foot? It was nice as a one-off, but to live like this? I’d go crazy.
“Breathe in,” she ordered and once I did, she proceeded to pull the strings at my back like I was a wind-up doll. The bones of the corset dug into my stomach. It was more uncomfortable than sleeping on a hard floor. And just when I thought it wouldn’t be possible to tighten them anymore, she wound the lace around her fist and pulled with all the strength the short woman possessed. She was so strong I almost toppled over.
“Goddess, woman,” I gasped. “I can’t breathe!” I had to draw shallow, quick inhalations which caused my head to spin.
“Quit your complaining,” she scolded, clucking her tongue. “It’s what every woman of high-class has to go through.”
I was tempted to say I wasn’t high-class, but I didn’t want to waste the precious air I had on speaking. I placed my hand to my stomach, noticing it was considerably flatter.
Fiona disappeared and returned with her arms laden with what looked to be a huge cloud of gold silk. She dumped it on my head, leaving me to fight my way through. When I’d managed to get my head and arms through the right holes, she buttoned a string of white pearls that fastened the dress, starting at my shoulder blades and swooping to the bottom of the gown to trail across the floor. I held onto Fiona’s shoulders as she slipped low-heeled shoes onto my feet.
And like a cake coming out of the oven, she deemed me ready.
Pushing me before a full-length mirror, I didn’t recognise the person staring back at me.
The woman’s skin was flawless, her lips swollen and defined, her eyes dark and mysterious. Her hair, the colour of the setting sun, shined like a finely polished jewel. Her neck was long and graceful; her collarbones looked fragile against her skin. The dress was something I never could have imagined. The bodice, heart-shaped, sinfully outlined the woman’s chest in a way that made her blush. You could just see her little birthmark above her heart. The dress was covered in tiny gems which sparkled when the candlelight caught them. Her waist was more pronounced than mine in the classic hourglass figure. The gold gown swept in a bell shape from her hips with layer after layer of ruffled silk material.
I raised my hand to the mirror and the stranger copied me. This exquisite, beautiful, heart-stopping woman was...me.
“You look beautiful, dear,” Fiona praised and then she left. I didn’t even get a chance to thank her.
I couldn’t look away from the mirror. It was like I’d opened my eyes for the first time. Everything looked strange, but wonderful at the same time. I looked...like a princess, straight from the pages of the fairy tales I’d loved reading when growing up. From peasant to princess—that was how the stories went. Good always triumphed over evil, right over wrong; where magic and dreams were not only possible, but the happy ending of every story.
Would I ever get my happy ending?
Everything about me had changed so quickly. From normal girl to magician, from servant to princess. When would all the madness stop? I wished that the mad world would stop spinning long enough for me to get off.
I raised my hand, looking at it through the mirror as if belonged to someone else. Was it true? Did I have magic blood in my veins? I still felt exactly the same as I’d always done. I didn’t suddenly feel...powerful. I still felt like the same Slummer girl I’d always been. Was it really possible to be a magician for twenty-three years and not even know it?
I refused to believe it. The only proof that Rick had was the lack of my name in the public records, the ramblings of a man whose life was threatened by the knife at his throat, and some weird wind that could have been entirely coincidental. Not much to condemn someone on.
Surely, if it was true, shouldn’t I be able to...cast a spell or something?
Looking around the bedroom, I searched for something to use. My eyes fell on the hairbrush, sat, forgotten, on the dresser. For a change, I wanted to be the one who unearthed my hidden secrets. I wanted to prove to myself, with undeniable certainty, that I wasn’t a magician, that there wasn’t anything special about me.
Feeling stupid, but refusing to quit until I got my answers, I concentrated on the brush. I had no idea what I was doing, but I decided to focus with my mind. The shiny, ivory brush, with its soft bristles pointing towards the ceiling, thankfully, didn’t move, didn’t morph into something else, it didn’t even levitate. No matter how hard I tried, squinting at it, willing it to do something...nothing happened.
I gave a long sigh of utmost relief. Rick was wrong. I wasn’t a magician. I probably wasn’t even the crimson jewel. A mistake, that was all. I’d been mistaken for someone else.
Feeling like a huge weight had just been lifted off my chest, I chuckled at my own stupidity for believing, even for a moment, that I was a magician. Shaking my head at the absurdity, I couldn’t prevent the twinge of disappointment I felt. I knew being a magician on Atlainian soil was an executable offense, but I still mourned the possibility of a life where magic happened because I’d wished it to.
A knock came at the door. The unmoved brush forgotten, my heart missed a beat, knowing who the owner of that knock was. Rick. Slightly hating myself for being so vein, but doing it nevertheless, I quickly checked my appearance in the mirror. The man I loved was about to see me for the first time dressed as a lady, as a beautiful woman. Smoothing my damp palms down my dress, my stomach tightened with emotion.
Movement over my shoulder had my gaze flickering to the reflection of the brush in the mirror. Whirling around, I watched, unbelieving, with wide eyes as the brush started to shake as if having a fit. It rattled as it jumped about against the wooden dresser. Cautiously, I approached, fearing the brush would attack me at any moment.
When Rick knocked on the door again, the brush, as if it had a life of its own, skidded across the dresser, flew across the room towards the door as if drawn to Rick. Looking from it to the door, I failed to understand what was happening. Was I the one who made the brush move? It didn’t make any sense. I hadn’t even been thinking of the brush, I’d been thinking of Rick.
Is that the answer?
“Katelyn?” Rick’s muffled voice came through the door. “Are you alright? What’s that banging?”
I was anything but alright. I balanced on the tip of the unknown. Even though my mind refused to accept the obvious staring me in the face, that the reason the brush currently banged against the door was because I was a magician, my heart knew it to be true.
As the final nail in my coffin, I pointed at the brush and thought of Rick. Kind, caring, wonderful Rick.
And when I raised my index finger, the brush, as if attached to an invisible piece of string, rose up into the air. Like a ghost handling it, the thing appeared to have a life of its own.
Contrary to my appearance, the word that flew out of my mouth was anything but ladylike.
Cutting the connection, the clatter of the brush’s impact with the stone floor made me jump. Gingerly, I picked it up with two fingers, inspecting it for anything that could have made it move, making sure that it was, in fact, just an ordinary brush. Tossing the brush back onto the dresser, I backed away, feeling stupid yet intimidated. How crazy am I? A woman who’s scared of a brush! Regardless, I wanted to pretend it had never happened.
“Katelyn? If you don’t answer me, I’ll break down the door.”
Shutting my eyes, briefly, for courage, I asked myself whether I could do this. A Slummer at a royal ball? A magician at a royal ball? Unlike the fairy tales, I was no princess.
“Coming,” I called in a voice that sounded unsteady, even to my own ears.
Opening the door, I found Rick on the other side. Hand raised, just about to knock again, he froze upon seeing me.
I nervously glanced down at myself, wondering if by improving my appearance, he saw me differently.
Because even though I was beautiful on the outside, on the inside I was still that same old Slummer girl who’d punched him in the nose.
“Katelyn,” he murmured as he inspected every element of my new appearance. “You were beautiful before, but now...”
A shy smile flittered around my lips as I soaked up his praise. He’d thought me beautiful before now, even dressed as a Slummer. My heart fluttered.
Rick, like me, had also changed. Gone were his everyday clothes, instead he was dressed in a black formal jacket and trousers. A thick gold chain draped across his shoulders to which a medallion hung, emblazoned with the symbol of First Kingdom, the fire breathing dragon.
“Did you speak to your father?”
I didn’t think he’d heard my question. He seemed consumed with emotion by looking at me. A fierceness in his eyes caused my insides to burn with nervousness, and yet it was a feeling I was beginning to like. He looked like a man craving something, like a dying flower thirsting for summer rain.
“No,” he finally responded, shaking his head like he was trying to wake up. “I’ll speak to him as soon as the masquerade is over.”
“What are we going to do, Rick?” I rubbed my forehead where I could feel a headache building. “The Black Magicians won’t give up until they have the crimson jewel.”
“We’ll figure it out tomorrow,” he reassured. “Just enjoy tonight. Tonight’s for us.” From behind his back, he produced two masks. Mine was a soft, purple lace which would curl over the bridge of my nose and around my eye sockets. His was a simple gold mask which matched his blonde hair.
I turned so he could tie the silk laces behind my head. “What if someone recognises me?” I worried, biting my lip and tasting the red berries that had been used to stain them.
It felt like he lingered before stepping away. “That’s the beauty of a masquerade ball. No one will know who we are.”



Chapter Fifteen
“Are you ready?”
I took a deep breath, hampered by the bones of my corset, as the mirrored doors swung open. Two attendants, one on either side of the double-door entrance, held them open for us. They could have passed for twins. Both men wore a curly wig made to look like they had a ponytail; white gloves—which I presumed were so they didn’t get fingerprints on the pristine gold handles—and a navy suit detailed with gold trim.
Rick’s elbow, the one closest to mine, rose up, distracting me from my appraisal of the finely dressed servants. His palm faced the floor, waiting for me. I looked from his eyes to the offered hand, not understanding what he was doing or what he wanted from me. Do I need to copy him?
“Place your hand on top of mine,” he softly instructed with a hint of laughter in his eyes.
My fingers curled over the top of his, and together, side by side, hand in hand, we entered the ballroom.
The two men holding the doors bowed at the waist as we passed, as if we were people of importance. But, I supposed, if you were invited to a royal ball, it would stand to reason that you were.
My eyes didn’t know where to look first. Like an excitable child, everything fascinated me and held me spellbound. Every single one of my senses was bombarded with things my body had never experienced before. Of their own accord, my feet halted when we were only a few steps into the ballroom. As my hand still rested on his, Rick was forced to stop, also. My eyes flickered everywhere, not knowing what to drink in first. Other couples behind us were forced to stop because we blocked the way. With his free hand, Rick touched my arm to draw my attention back to him and he led me forwards.
The room was enormous. I’d never imagined in my wildest dreams a room as grand as this. It was long and elliptical in shape, easily enough room for the hundred guests it currently hosted. One of the walls was covered, floor to ceiling, in one huge, continuous mirror, making it appear as if the party went on forever. I wondered how it was possible to make something that big. The room; ivory in colour with its gold detailing, rich gold moulding and immaculate white stone columns, reminded me of an earthly representation of what Heaven would look like. I half expected the Goddess Herself to be in attendance.
People turned to stare as we passed, and almost like we were diseased, the crowd split in two. I desperately wanted to check that no food was stuck in my teeth or that I didn’t have any mud caked up the back of my dress, but I forced myself not to.
“Everyone’s staring,” I muttered out of the side of my mouth in a voice that said it was entirely his fault. Which, technically, it was. I’d have been perfectly safe locked away in my room had I had my own way. Instead, here I am, playing dress up.
“It’s because of how beautiful you look,” he answered. “Every man wants you, and every woman wants to be you.” He turned his hand over to grip mine possessively.
It took me a moment to realise he was talking to me and not one of the many other women in attendance who I thought were much more handsome than me. I couldn’t stop the silly little smile from curving my lips. He thinks I’m beautiful.
Did he really mean what he said, or did his good manners dictate that he compliment any woman, no matter who she might be, on an occasion such as this? Does he feel the same way about me as I do about him? Was it not completely crazy to imagine a future for us?
Everyone appeared as an array of colours. Deep reds as intense as the hottest fire; rich purples as majestic as First Kingdom’s flag; bright yellows as bright as the hottest sun—I’d never seen so many. Normally, I was accustomed to drab greys and dirty browns. All these new colours were enough to make my eyes hurt.
The women’s dresses were every bit as extravagant as mine. Some, so big, I wondered how they moved in them. I walked past one woman whose whole dress was made from feathers so pure white, they must have been shed by a swan. They caressed the back of my hand when she passed and the sensation raised goose bumps on my arm.
My heels clicked on the wooden flooring as we moved deeper into the ballroom and it became increasingly crowded, making it hard to move without knocking into someone. The sound of people laughing and flirting resonated off the walls like humming bees. The smell of fragranced oils was strong—lavender, jasmine, vanilla, sandalwood. And yet inexplicably underneath them all, Rick’s natural scent seeped through. It was enough to make my head spin.
“Lost for words?” He chuckled. “I believe that’s a first.”
I didn’t answer; I was too busy taking everything in. Women flourished fans that were tipped with lace; some wore feathers or jewels in their hair. My neck and ears felt naked compared to the drapes of diamonds and gems some women were garbed in. Every single person wore a mask. Some were made to look like animals whilst others had long noses like the beak of a bird. It was unnerving—apart from the wearers’ eyes and lips, they looked like dolls—without expression. At least, here at the ball, they have an excuse to be expressionless.
Servers carrying metal trays offered food to us. I was tempted to take one but it looked like a weird fish concoction so I declined, worrying that my stomach wouldn’t be able to handle such rich, exotic food. Vomiting would not be the best move, Katelyn.
There was a raised stage at the far end of the ballroom, on which sat the musicians—raised so we might observe those who masterfully spun the musical tale they were in the process of weaving. The song, like a love story, was a communication without words—a feeling. The room, rich with string instruments, made me more breathless. I felt like I could reach out and pluck the notes out of the air.
Everything, just so beautiful, it all felt like a dream.
In the heart of the room, couples danced, twirled and swayed in a sequence of moves so intricate, I thought it impossible that they could remember them all. The women glided smoothly across the floor, like morning fog drifting across a lake. The men danced tall and proud, leading their partners with a strong hand.
The sudden loud clapping caused me to jump. Hand on my heart to stop the pounding, I saw that the musicians had finished playing and people were applauding.
“Let’s dance.”
What did Rick say? Surely, I must have heard him wrong and he hadn’t just asked me, the Slummer girl with two left feet who’d never danced before in her life, to dance with him at a royal ball? It was a joke—that was it. Ha, ha. Very funny. Mock the Slummer girl who can’t dance.
“You know I can’t dance.”
With a guiding hand at the small of my back, Rick gave me a small push in the direction of the dancefloor. I quickly dug my borrowed heels in like a horse digging in its hooves. The man’s actually serious!
“I can’t,” I begged, eyes wide as panic consumed me. Turning to make my escape, I was blocked by Rick’s arm around my waist.
“I lead,” he assured as he found us a free space in the circle of dancers who waited for the next song to begin.
As if that helps.
“Just follow me.”
Exactly as I knew I would, I panicked and started to hyperventilate. I didn’t know how to do this type of complex, intricate dancing. Looking around at all the graceful women who stood confident, waiting for the music to start, I wanted to run and hide. I didn’t belong here—which was about to become abundantly clear to everyone when I fell over my own feet. Would they point at me, tell me I didn’t belong, treat me like the intruder I was? My eyes flickered around the ballroom for an escape—any escape.
My frantic searching eyes clashed with Rick’s, and there they stayed. Given most of his face was covered with the masquerade mask, his eyes were the only thing I could draw courage from. The only thing that seemed to hold his attention, almost to the point of enthrallment, was me. The outer edges of his green irises were darker than the rest. Ripples in the green like a dancing fire, they helped to calm me somewhat. But still, I worried that I was about to make a fool of myself, and by extension, Rick, but those doubts were overshadowed by the feelings invoked by being the centre of his world. If it meant I had to make a fool of myself so these feelings wouldn’t end, so be it.
As one, the men bowed at the waist. I attempted a wobbly curtsey when the other women dancers responded. The music started. A waltz—one strong beat followed by two weaker ones.
Not looking away, he placed my hand on his shoulder and my other to rest in his palm. We were close, so close I could see the stubble on his strong, defined jaw. I copied him perfectly—when he blinked, I blinked. My heart was pounding and I feared that Rick could feel how my palms started to sweat.
Even though Rick gave no indication of when we’d start dancing, I felt the note approaching as the music built in intensity. When the note was reached, we danced. The slight movement of his thigh against my thigh, and I knew I had to glide back. When the pressure disappeared, I followed him. With a hand on my waist, we turned together, my feet on the inside of his. Three spins, so quick I felt my hair fly out behind me, followed by two slow ones. We flew across the dancefloor, blending seamlessly with the other couples. Like our feet didn’t touch the ground, we glided.
My nervousness fading, I started to enjoy myself. My heart beat faster against the bodice of my gown and a smile stretched across my face. Rick’s lips twitched, betraying his enjoyment, also. When he spun me faster and faster, I laughed at his playfulness and held onto him tighter. I didn’t care that I was getting dizzy—Rick would be there to catch me if I fell.
He lifted my hand up to grip my forearm, and I automatically gripped his. And then we circled one another, faces so close, I could feel him breathing. I could sense my eyes sparkling behind the lace of my mask. When his knees bent, we swept low.
Rick took a step to the right and I took a step to the left. We box stepped around one another, our shoulders touching, our backs gliding against each other’s, his hand caressing my waist. Each dance move had some kind of romantic significance. We’d move close then I’d move away, Rick pursuing me like a flower follows the sun. We’d step away from one another, only to come back together, like a seduction. Each time we got closer and closer until his chest touched mine.
The dancers split in to two lines down the centre of the ballroom like a curtain being opened. Rick gripped me tighter in his arms and we glided down the middle. At the end, I had a moment’s panic when he pulled away and gave me a slight push in the opposite direction. My newfound confidence ebbed, not knowing what to do or where to go. That was until his eyes caught mine again as he smoothly walked behind the line of people. I did the same on the other side. There was a glint in his intense gaze that said chase me, a secret message that conveyed the prizes I’d win if I did. How much I want him to catch me.
The other dancers faded away; all that mattered was him. When the dance brought us together again, he didn’t lead me into the next move like I’d expected him to. Instead, we stood still, watching each other, eye to eye, both of us panting from our exertion and maybe even from our excitement.
I murmured his name.
His hand rose to whisper across my cheek, the other held me still at the small of my back, like he did so to prevent me from escaping. He needn’t have worried—I couldn’t have left if my life depended on it. His fingers threaded into my hair, our breaths mingled in a soft caress. His skin touching mine set me on fire.
I softly gasped when he placed a gentle kiss at the edge of my jaw, my eyes flickering closed of their own accord.
Rick didn’t retreat, instead his lips touched mine and I lost myself in the sweetness. Like the dance had, his kiss swept me away. It tantalized and teased. He took everything that was me and gave back every piece of him. His lips moved on mine with an intensity that surprised me. I thought I’d be afraid—at least a little uncertain—I didn’t know the slightest thing about lovemaking, but with Rick, all my concerns seemed to melt away—much like my inhibitions.
The mask gave me a freedom to act—to be someone else. I pressed closer to him and the kiss became more heated, our bodies fused together, closer than was appropriate for two people to be in public...but I didn’t care. This was Rick. If possible, he seemed to pull me even closer and I felt every facet of his body. His fingers in my hair tightened to the point of pain, making me feel how desperate he was for me. His lips hardened on mine and I felt consumed by him.
“Brother.”
The voice startled us enough to penetrate the rapture we’d both escaped to. The intrusion shocked me—I’d felt like Rick and I were the only two people in the world in those few moments.
My eyes flickered open when Rick left me. I was greeted with the sight of him offering a severe glare to the person who’d interrupted us. I’d seen Rick angry before, but this Rick was bordering on dangerous.
I turned to find a young man, no older that I. There was a joking twinkle in the eyes visible from behind his black mask. He was dressed similar to Rick; he even had the same colour hair as him, but where Rick’s was untamed, this man’s had been slicked back with oil.
Had the man addressed Rick as brother? Was this one of the secret members of Rick’s family he didn’t like to talk about?
“Dante,” Rick muttered through gritted teeth, “has anyone ever told you how poor your timing is?”
“On the contrary, brother,” he corrected, “my timing in this regard could not be more perfect.” Dante nodded across the dancefloor and we all looked in the direction of his indication. Rick sighed with the apparent reminder, but I couldn’t see what could have made Rick’s brother interrupt our kiss.
“May I cut in?” This came from Dante.
Rick shook his head and the hand that still gripped mine tightened. “Go find your own dance partner, brother. Mine is otherwise engaged.”
“Would you really embarrass Katelyn by objecting to a gentleman’s request?”
Rick glared, however he must have noticed how the other couples turned to look at the three of us as they danced past. With obvious reluctance, Rick released me, leaving with a soft kiss on my cheek and a warning to his brother to “behave.” Should I be alarmed that his complete stranger might not behave?
I wasn’t nearly as comfortable dancing with Dante. I stumbled a couple of times, and even, perhaps, stood on his toes. He was kind enough to pretend not to notice.
This man was sinfully handsome—and he knew it too by all indications. He had a confidence about him, evident in the way he held himself whilst dancing, that drew the gaze of every woman in the room almost unconsciously, like they automatically reacted to his presence. I got the feeling he basked in the effect he had.
“So,” I said to break the silence, “you’re Rick’s brother?”
“And you’re the Katelyn I’ve heard so much about. I understand, now,” Dante joked once we’d finished a turn in the dance.
My forehead furrowed behind my mask. “Understand what?”
He flashed his white teeth, eyebrow crooked so it was just visible over the top of his mask. “Why my brother is so obsessed with you.”
I flushed at the compliment, looking at the floor. Even though Rick had kissed me like a dying man, I still didn’t trust his feelings for me. He might have just been caught up in the moment. Although I resented being the type of woman who needed to ask this type of question, I couldn’t hold my tongue when faced with the opportunity to get inside Rick’s head—albeit through his brother.
“He speaks of me? What does he say?”
His lips stretched into a knowing smile which would have made any other woman swoon. “That you’re the most brave, kind, gentle, beautiful person he knows.” He said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “You have the soul of a saint, the splendour of a wild temptress, and the grace of a flower.”
I could feel the blood rising up my neck to my face. It made me pleased and a little uncomfortable to have this stranger say such things. Had Rick really said that? I looked to the side of the dancefloor, seeing the person in question watching us like a hawk, arms crossed as he frowned at his brother. He almost looked jealous...
“Just a shame he laid eyes on you first,” Dante joked. “It would seem I need to visit the slums more often, in hope of finding another diamond in the rough.” He winked. This man, Rick’s brother, was now obviously flirting with me—which was further demonstrated when the hand on my back started to lower in a most inappropriate manner.
“If you don’t keep your hand above my waist, Sir,” I said, smiling a fake smile, “you will lose it.” I squeezed his hand in a crushing grip to demonstrate my point. I might have looked like a delicate flower in this dress, but I could still take this guy down if needed to.
“Yes,” he chuckled his approval, the offending limb back in the proper place, “you’ll be a good match for Rick—he takes life too seriously; you’ll make him happy, I can tell.”
“And, it would seem,” I taunted, his easy, flirtatious nature becoming contagious, “that you don’t take life seriously enough.”
I felt him shrug from where my hand rested on his shoulder. “There’s no need to, seeing as I’m the youngest.” He became serious, so serious it worried me. “Don’t judge him too harshly when he tells you.”
I’d just been about to ask, “Tells me what?” when three loud bangs stopped me.
A man with a cane stood at the entrance to the ballroom, his back ramrod straight. Everyone became still and quiet, and just like Dante and I had, couples stopped dancing. The room fell silent as everyone turned to face the man, waiting expectantly.
When the man spoke, his voice carried to every corner of the room. “Princes, Lords, Ladies and honoured guests, may I introduce the reigning king of First Kingdom, King Edgar.”
Goddess, the king, I thought in awe as the doors swung open with a bang and I craned my neck, hoping to catch a glimpse. “I can’t believe it,” I muttered to Dante. “It’s the king!” I was actually going to see the king. Wait until I tell Uncle.
“You better get used to it, Katelyn.”
I had no idea what Dante meant, but I was too busy trying to see over the heads of everyone to ask.
Like the crowd had for me and Rick, they parted like the prow of a boat slicing through the water, the sea of people dipping into curtsies and bows as he passed.
The man didn’t fail in my imaginings of what a king would look like. A fur cape swept over his shoulders to trail along the floor in his wake. A crown, framed by dark curly hair streaked with grey, sat regally on his head. The grey in his beard and hair didn’t make him seem old or weak—quite the contrary. He didn’t wear a mask like everyone else. He walked like a knight entering a lion’s den; head up, shoulders back, striding with sure and confident steps.
He stopped in the middle of the dancefloor and raised his hands towards the ceiling. “Welcome,” he announced, voice booming and fervent. “I thank thee, guests. We are brought together, not only to celebrate the welcoming of Lady Olivia, but to rejoice in a very special betrothal.” He indicated with a slow bow of his head towards the guest of honour, the person the ball was dedicated to.
For the first time, I noticed Lady Olivia. I resented how beautiful she looked. How could someone so evil have the face of an angel? It’s just wrong. Surely, her inner ugliness should be apparent from the outside, but it wasn’t. Stood at the front of the crowd, she fanned herself, curtseying towards the king in respectful thanks.
Dante suddenly turned me by the shoulders to face him, looking very serious, perhaps even frightened, as if the situation had just turned deadly. “We didn’t know the king planned to make an announcement tonight. He should have told you from the beginning.” He shook me by the shoulders. “He was scared that you’d see him differently once you knew the truth.”
I frowned in bewilderment. “Who?”
“But it looks like my brother doesn’t have a choice anymore.”
“Rick? You’re talking about Rick?” I suddenly had a very bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. I turned back to the spot I’d last seen Rick. Spotting him, I saw he’d removed his mask. The grave way Dante was speaking, I worried that something was wrong. My fear was multiplied when I saw the anxious expression on Rick’s face. He rubbed the back of his neck, looking from me to the king in dread. There was a pleading in his eyes as he started to advance towards me.
“I would like to make it officially known,” the king was still speaking, “that First and Second Kingdom are to be bound by marriage. Tonight we pay tribute to Lady Olivia, betrothed to my eldest son, heir to the throne, Prince Aidric.”
Rick halted in the middle of the dancefloor. People turned towards him and started to clap. I didn’t understand. My eyes wildly flickered from King Edgar to Rick to Dante. The king gestured to Rick, Rick fearfully gazed at me, and Dante looked at his brother in concern.
A bucket of ice must have been dumped down my back, because suddenly, I was cold. I think I might have whispered his name, praying it wasn’t true.
But...it was true.
Rick was Prince Aidric... He was marrying another woman…
Blackness enveloped on my vision as the floor rushed up to meet me. I fainted.



Chapter Sixteen
I’d always loved the feeling you got just before you were fully awake. Those few seconds between fantasy and reality, when my dreams still felt real, was something I longed for in my dreamless waking hours. Normally, my dreams were my only escape from life. In my dreams, my aunt wasn’t sick, the orphans weren’t hungry, and miracles happened—like the wonder of the kiss I’d shared with Rick. For those few moments, I smiled a smile of contentment. The magical place between sleep and awake was a world where my troubles faded away and I could simply...be.
I stretched my arms above my head until my back cracked and I sighed in relief. My lids slowly pealed back and the canopy surrounding my new bed in the castle greeted me. I reflected on how bizarre my dream had been. The dancing, the kissing, Rick being Prince Aidric—it had all seemed so real. The back of my hand stroked the soft linen I laid on. I enjoyed the whisper of silk against my skin. Like the feel of a newborn baby’s skin, the material was so soft. The sun shone through the window and already I could hear servants walking about the corridor outside my room.
I rubbed my palm against my eye socket, knowing I had to fully return from the land of sleep, frowning when my hand came away black. Why would I have black powder on my eyes?
No...
Frantically, I pushed back the feather-stuffed cover that hugged me like an embrace. Looking down, I gasped, pulling at the material of the ball gown I wore like I expected my hand to pass right through it.
It wasn’t a dream.
Face turning ashen, I quickly stood up, blood rushing to my feet with the sudden movement. My fingernails dug into my head as I tried to claw the images out. I felt betrayed; I felt robbed.
A voice had me whirling like a caged animal to see Dante, hands raised in surrender.
“Now, Katelyn,” he appeased, “I need you to stay calm. Rick can explain everything.”
“Explain?” I growled through clenched teeth, nostrils flaring. “Explain how he lied to me about who he was? Explain to me how he deceived me again and again? Explain to me how he’s not a captain, but the blasted prince of First Kingdom?!”
I turned my back on Dante, hating to show weakness in front of an almost stranger, but I doubted he missed how my shoulders shook. I wanted to pound my fists against the mattress to vent some of the pain I kept locked inside—to distract myself from the emotional pain with the physical kind. My throat closed on a silent shriek that was screaming inside of me until I couldn’t take the feeling anymore.
My energy depleted like a flag with no wind. My legs gave out from beneath me and I crumpled to the floor in a heap. Wrapping my arms around my knees, I sobbed. They seemed to come from a place so deep inside of me, a place unexplored before now. A place where I’d hidden my love for Rick.
For what seemed like a lifetime, I let my pain out until all I felt was numbness.
At some point, Dante had braved my wrath to lay a comforting hand on my back. “He loves you,” he murmured.
Still resting my head on my knees, I turned away from him, no desire to waste the energy it would take to lift it. “He hurts me—not loves.” My voice, so hollow, I didn’t recognise it as mine.
“Don’t give up on him,” he begged.
How dare he defend Rick’s—Aidric’s actions, I mentally corrected myself on a sneer. It was sad to realise I didn’t even know his real name. Was the persona of “Captain Rick” just something he’d used to fool the brainless Slummer girl?
It all made sense, now. All Rick’s reluctance when I asked about his family. The letter from Prince Aidric; the open kitchen for the needy; the way he spoke of his father; the mission to find the crimson jewel for the king; the disguises so no one would recognise him in the Keep; his posh mannerisms; sending the royal healer to see my aunt; how he’d hidden from Prince Peter, his brother.
All the falsehoods made me sick to think about.
How naive I’d been. He must have laughed at how easy I’d been to fool, how stupid I was to not recognise the heir to the throne when I met him. How easily he’d pulled the wool over my eyes, pretending to be someone he wasn’t. Did he think that because he was a prince, it didn’t matter? Because I was only a peasant?
Had any of it been real? Did the man I love even exist, or was he simply something a spoiled, rich boy had made up to mock the dirty, poor girl? Looking at the ball gown I still wore, I couldn’t stand the sight of it. It made me just like Rick—pretending to be something I wasn’t.
Has he done this before? Does he make a habit of using “Captain Rick” as his name to seduce naive peasant girls?
He’s going to marry Lady Olivia, I thought, my heart aching once again. How could he do this to me? How could he make me love him when I’d never have him? Not only was I so far below his class it was like comparing a bug to a lion, but the man was engaged to another woman. Why, after all that Rick had made me suffer, did the thought of him belonging to another woman make me burn with jealousy?
Good, the man deserved that vixen as a wife. Appropriate punishment.
In some corner of my brain, it still felt like a dream. At any moment, I’d wake up and none of this would have happened. I’d tell my uncle and we’d both laugh at my ridiculous dream. My uncle would tell me what an overactive imagination I had.
I didn’t want to believe it. I refused to believe the truth. I needed to see it with my own eyes.
With my mind something to fixate on, I angrily wiped my eyes, hating the display of weakness. I pushed unsteadily to my feet. Dante offered his arm as assistance, but I stubbornly pushed it, and him, away. I knew I was acting childishly, but I didn’t care. Technically, Dante hadn’t done anything to warrant my resentment. If Rick truly was the heir to the throne of First Kingdom, that would make this man Prince Dante, third son of King Edgar, the romance idol of so many young girls in the kingdom.
How had I not realised from Dante’s name alone? How many Dantes did I think lived in First Kingdom?
“Where are you going?” he demanded as I made my way to the door. “Rick told me to make sure you stayed here. You had us worried. You’ve been asleep all night; it was like you were in a coma or something...”
I didn’t care how long I’d slept for. “I need to see something.”
“You should wait for Rick. He’ll be back any moment. He’ll be devastated—he hasn’t left your side all night, but this morning, my father summoned him away.”
I tried to quash the pleasure I felt at hearing that Rick had cared enough to stay at my bedside. My own betraying body refused to listen to my mind as it cursed Rick with every derogatory word I knew. He’d probably only stayed so he could try to cover up his lies. And the pathetic girl that I was, I’d probably believe him like I’d done the first time.
I made for the door, ignoring Dante’s further protests. He didn’t follow me and for that I was grateful.
The folds of my gown swished around my ankles as I walked with determined steps through the castle. I tried to ignore the memories of how happy I’d felt wearing something so beautiful.
A beautiful puppet, I reflected sadly. How silly I’d been.
Wishing I’d taken the time to remove the offending dress, I doubled the pace of my steps.
On my very first day in the Keep, when we’d started our search for the crimson jewel, I’d seen a corridor filled with pictures of previous kings and queens. I’d only seen the oldest pictures, but now I had to see the most recent portrait that hung on that wall. I wanted to discover the proof myself. I wanted to be the one that decided my own fate.
I walked past portrait after portrait of past kings and queens. It seemed they continued on forever. Finally, I could just make out the frame of the last picture hanging on the wall.
I stopped before the occupants of the image came into view; the edge of the gold patterned frame was all I could see. Half of me wanted to run away, bury my head in the sand, and pretend the last few days had never happened. The other half of me insisted that I grew a backbone.
Taking a deep breath in the pretence of fortifying some courage, I took the last remaining step to put me directly in front of the portrait. I had to lock my knees to stop them from giving out on me.
The king stood regally in the centre of the portrait. Dressed in a fur-lined cape with a jewel encrusted crown sat on his head, the picture of the man was every bit as intimidating as the real thing. Surrounding him were his three sons. The snob of a man I’d met on my first day of searching the Keep, Prince Peter—who had the same arrogant, self-important look on his face—stood to the king’s left. Next to Peter stood Dante—the same flirtatious smirk on his face that he’d had last night.
And to the king’s right was...Rick. With the same wild blonde hair falling into his eyes, those same green eyes I’d lost myself in more times than I liked to admit.
It was true. The evidence stared me in the face. Rick had lied—he wasn’t a captain at all, he was Prince Aidric.
I’d been a fool. At that moment, I hated myself just as much, if not more, than I hated Rick.
I knew he stood behind me. I didn’t know how I did, but I simply knew. I could feel his presence like the warmth of the sun against my skin. When he spoke, his voice was so hoarse and strained, I almost turned around, but I caught myself just in time.
“I’m sorry.”
I laughed without a trace of humour. “You’re sorry? That’s all you have to say? No explanation?”
“When I met you in the general’s room, you didn’t know who I was. I didn’t tell you because it made my mission easier. You wouldn’t have helped me if you knew who I was.”
He paused, waiting for me to say something to deny the accusation, but I was a statue—mute. I stared in fake fascination at a speck of red paint on the canvas looking down at me.
“At first, I felt guilty about not telling you,” he continued. “But I told myself I was doing the right thing, that I was performing my duty.”
“Duty,” I muttered. It sounded so cold. All the pain, all the doubt, all these feelings of betrayal, was because of duty?
He took a deep breath. “But as I got to know you, I came to care for you.” His confession made my chest tighten. “And the more I came to care for you, the more I knew I had to tell you.”
“Why didn’t you?” I hadn’t wanted to speak but the words seemed to rip themselves from my throat.
“The more I cared for you, the more I feared you’d hate me.” His tone turned pleading. “I tried, Katelyn, believe me, I tried to tell you on our first day searching the Keep, but when you told me how much you hated the royals, I couldn’t. Every time I tried to tell you, I pictured that look on your face, the same look I saw at the ball last night, right before you fainted.” His voice sounded tormented. “I never wanted to hurt you.”
My eyes filled with tears at the truth of his words and I bit my lip in an effort to silence my suffering. Part of me wanted Rick to see my pain, to let him witness my unbearable anguish. And another, the Slummer girl in me, would never let him see the power he had over me. Ironic really—before last night, I’d have wanted him to have every part of me.
“Katelyn—”
“Don’t,” I ordered, my nostrils flaring and my breathing becoming heavy.
I could feel him move closer. So aware of him, I was, I could feel his exhalation on the back of my neck. I tried and failed to suppress my involuntary shiver.
“Don’t, what?”
“Don’t say my name like that.” My throat worked as I swallowed. “Like I’m yours.”
He was silent for a while, so silent I would have thought he’d left if not for the heat I could feel radiate from him. When he finally spoke, there was a desperation I’d never heard before. “Aren’t you?”
I fractured at his words. Every single part of me wanted to say “yes”. More than anything, I wanted to turn around, have his arms come around me, and to simply love him. But what was I to him? He was my future king—the woman he was marrying would be my future queen. Was I supposed to be his mistress? A warm bed at night when he tired of his wife? Did he think I’d settle for that?
Life wasn’t simple. It was hard, and it was cruel. People didn’t get what they wanted; the Goddess was too merciless for that. I didn’t live in a fairy tale were the poor Slummer girl rides off into the sunset with the prince and they live happily ever after.
The world I lived in was harsh and full of disappointment.
“No,” I breathed through my constricted throat. “I can never be yours.”
“Because I didn’t tell you who I really was?” He seemed incredulous. Maybe being a prince meant he wasn’t used to people denying him.
Didn’t he understand that his lies were only the icing on the cake? I turned around, wanting to make him understand. The sight of Rick’s appearance worried me. His eyes were bloodshot like he hadn’t slept for days on end. His hair was even more messy than normal, like he’d been running his fingers through it constantly. He looked tired, and...defeated.
“Because of everything,” I told him as I protectively wrapped my arms around my stomach.
His jaw clenched. “I never took you for a quitter.”
His accusation made me angry. “I didn’t quit,” I yelled. “I lost.” I’d lost something that was never mine to lose—him.
His chest expanded as he drew in a deep, shaky breath. “Why does it have to be lost?”
Wanting an end, despite the panic that tightened my chest at the thought of leaving him, I told him gravely, “Because you’re not Captain Rick. You’re Prince Aidric. You’re engaged to be married to Lady Olivia.” I sadly shook my head. “Because one day you’ll be king of First Kingdom...and you need a woman like her to be your queen.”
He was silent for so long it started to get uncomfortable. He looked at me; that was all he did for a very long time. Finally, he spoke. “That’s the only reason?”
“Isn’t that reason enough?”
“No,” he challenged sharply.
“Rick,” I said shortly, wondering how he could fail to understand what a huge obstacle this was, “you’re marrying another woman.”
He rapidly shook his head. “She’s a vicious woman with no heart. I’ve never felt anything but contempt for her. I never planned to marry her. My father arranged it between us and just expected me to comply. I told you about the thing my father wanted me to do which I refused to do. Marrying Lady Olivia was what I meant.”
“You’ll still be king.”
“If that’s the only reason you and I can’t be together, I’ll abdicate. My brother, Peter, can be crowned. I don’t care. If you’re not by my side every day from this day forward, I don’t want there to be a tomorrow.”
I blinked rapidly under the pressure of Rick’s intense gaze. My mind struggled to keep up with all that was happening. “You’d really do that? Give up your birthright, your title, even your family...for me?” I found it hard to believe. Does he truly mean it? It was hard to know what was real anymore; everything had changed so quickly: first the revelation about who I was, and now the truth about Rick’s identity.
“Say the word, Katelyn,” he pleaded. “A word—a look—anything, so I know it’s not hopeless.” He moved a step closer. “Look at me,” he commanded, only continuing when he knew he had my undivided attention. “All that matters is you and I. Don’t think about what people will say. Don’t think about all the obstacles we’ll face later down the line.” He gently pulled my hands away from where they’d been wrapped tightly around my stomach, holding them in his. “The question is simple really: Do you love me?”
Didn’t he already know?
I knew I did. He’d taken—not only my heart—but my very soul as his. My life only felt complete when I was around him, almost like he was the other half of me that I hadn’t known was missing. But now that I knew what I could lose, I wanted to grab hold of him so tight he’d never be able to leave me.
Not that I said any of that to him, mind. He’d already broken my trust in such a fundamental way that I didn’t know if I’d ever be the same again. What if I told him I loved him, and he betrayed me again? Trust was like a mirror—once broken, it was hard to put the pieces back together. And even if you succeeded, there would always be cracks.
Rick still waited for an answer to his question of whether I loved him. “I...don’t know.” I couldn’t lie and say no, but I also didn’t dare tell the true and say yes, either.
“At least that’s not a ‘no’.” He tried to smile. “Although I’d still have taken a chance if you’d said no.”
Curious now, I queried, “And if I’d said never?”
A secret, small smile formed on his lips. “Even then, Katelyn.”
“Why?” I stressed, wanting to know why he’d do all that for me. What was it about me that drove him to make such rash and life changing decision?
“Because,” he said, “you’re stubborn and pig-headed, and you can’t abide not having things done your way. You curse more heartily than some of the men on the Guard; trouble seems to follow you like a shadow, everywhere you go. And sometimes you make me so crazy I want to pull my hair out...”
“Oh,” was all I said. Way to make a girl feel special, Rick.
“But,” he concluded after he’d finished listing all the faults I knew I had, and some that I hadn’t known I’d possessed, “regardless of all that, and in spite of everything...I’m completely in love with you.”
My breath caught in my throat. “You are?” Had I heard him right?
“I am,” he promised. And then he took advantage of my shock and distraction to swiftly steal in and kiss me. His lips claimed mine, quite unlike our first kiss. That had been sweet, tentative at first, like he’d been asking me a question he wasn’t sure what the answer would be. This kiss was all consuming, possessive, him claiming me. A kiss of hunger, of need—that was all the description my mind could conjure before I lost the ability to think.
Instead, I simply felt.
I felt the hard pressure of his lips against mine. I felt the cage of his palms on my cheeks as he held me prisoner to our passions. The erotic glide of his tongue as it fought a battle with mine did unspeakable things to my body. My arms, of their own accord, rose up around his neck to pull him closer. My breath was his, as his was mine.
“Prince Aidric,” a voice suddenly said.
Shocked, both by the unwelcomed intrusion of the man and by Rick’s welcomed assault on my senses, I broke away.
Rick rested his forehead against mine, our lips now a finger’s width apart. He muttered in obvious frustration, “Why is it that any time we kiss, someone interrupts us?”
With my breath unsteady like I’d ran a long distance, I tried without much success to steady the thundering of my heartbeat. “Maybe fate is trying to tell us something.”
He smirked as he tucked a stray piece of hair behind my ear. “I thought you didn’t believe in fate?”
“I believe in fate, but I also believe that we make our own choices.”
“I’ve made my choice,” he promised on a whisper only loud enough for me to hear. “Have you made yours?”
My choice had been sealed long ago. The only thing left to do now was accept it. Rick was still Rick. He loved me regardless of my poor class. How could I love him any less because of his high one?
“Yes.”
I didn’t need to say anything other than that one simple word. A thousand meanings and a thousand more promises hid behind it.
Rick breathed a sigh so full of relief it was unsteady. After a moment, he turned to address the messenger. “What is it?”
The man bowed. “Your Highness, your father requests your presence in the throne room.” He turned a disapproving look towards me. “And he ordered that you bring the...woman.” By his pause, I knew he’d wanted to use a more vulgar address than “woman”.
“Very well.” Rick spoke through clenched teeth. “Please inform the king that we’ll be there momentarily.”
With those orders, the man scurried away. At a much slower pace, Rick and I followed. The closer we got, the more I started to panic. When we stopped before the double doors that separated us from the king—I could practically feel the anger seeping through the wood—my head started to get dizzy.
“I can’t do this,” I breathed in panic as I struggled to draw a sufficient lungful of air. “What’s he going to do if you don’t marry Lady Olivia? Your father’s the king!” Obviously Rick knew who his father was but I still struggled to accept this rapid and unexpected turn of events. The man that I loved, the man that loved me, was a prince. His brothers were princes, his mother had been queen before she’d died, his father—the man waiting on the other side of the door, the man that must already hate me for messing up Rick’s betrothal and the treaty between First and Second Kingdom—was our king. I felt faint just thinking about it.
Rick shrugged like he didn’t care, not the slightest hint of the fear I felt showed on his face. “He’ll probably order me to marry her. When that doesn’t work, he’ll try to intimidate me. He’ll threaten to take my title away, maybe banish me from the kingdom. Worst case: he could sentence me to death.”
“Oh, is that all?”
“Look at me,” he ordered. It was a struggle but I forced my panic to subside and turned to face him. “Don’t let him bully you. He’s like an animal; he can sense your fear. I need you to be the strong Slummer girl I know you can be. My father respects courage. Just be yourself, and you’ll be fine.”
Courage. At that moment, I felt as much courage as a newborn baby did. I wanted to pick up the skirts of the ball gown I wore and run for the hills as fast as my two legs could carry me.
Smoothing my sweat covered palms down the front of my ball gown, I realised for the first time how dishevelled my appearance must be. My dress was wrinkled from sleeping in it; I remembered that I’d smudged the makeup on my eyes. I frantically ran my hands over the dress to straighten it, trying my best to wipe the smudges off my face. I gave up attempting to tame the bird’s nest that was my hair.
Wishing I was a little more presentable to have an audience with the king, I filled my lungs, trying to calm my nerves.
Rick had faith in me. For him, I would be strong. I had this one shot to make the king like me, because without his approval, Rick would lose everything. And regardless of what Rick said about not caring if he lost his title or his family, I knew from losing my own parents how much it would hurt. I never wanted to be the source of Rick’s pain. To hurt Rick was like hurting me, just a hundred times worse.
I nodded. “I’m ready.”
Rick took my hand, and together as a united front, we entered the king’s court.



Chapter Seventeen
Court was in session.
As we entered the throne room, all conversation stopped. How strange it felt to have men and women of high-class stop midsentence just because we’d entered. But, I supposed, Rick was probably used to it. With every single pair of eyes on us, following us like a hawk watches a field mouse, Rick and I walked down the centre. The king, sat on his throne across the room from us, was no exception. His face, expressionless—not a good sign in my mind—he scrutinized everything about me as we came slowly closer.
Like they had at the ball, some people in attendance bowed as we passed. Others, in what I thought as defiance, didn’t. They stood erect, looking down their noses at me. It happened to be a look I knew well—people tended to look down on a Slummer. As some obeyed royal procedure and paid respect to the heir by bowing, others rebelled against giving the gesture of esteem to a lowly servant. This didn’t go over well with Rick if the glaring look he threw at them was any indication.
Sawyer and Brayden were there, guarding the perimeter of the throne room. It was almost comical how they did a double take before my identity sunk in, and then the shock and confusion followed. Sawyer was the first to overcome his shock—out of the two, he’d always been the one who had most control over his emotions—and he cocked an eyebrow at me. This facial expression, I knew well. It practically screamed, You’re in trouble again?
I gave a minimal shrug in reply that answered, What can I say? They knew from experience just how much trouble I could get myself into. On more than one occasion, they’d been forced to play the knight in shining armour and come to my rescue.
But not today. Today, there wasn’t anything they could do to help me. Today, at this moment, I was on my own—except for Rick, of course.
I couldn’t even imagine what Sawyer and Brayden were thinking, seeing me dressed in a ball gown like a noble woman, traipsing into the throne room to be presented to the king with Prince Aidric holding my hand. Quite a change of events since the last time I’d seen them.
We stopped before the steps that led up to the raised dais that housed the king’s throne. The king drummed his fingers on the arm of the chair like he hadn’t a care in the world. He and Rick had a silent battle of wills as they stared each other down, neither blinking nor looking away. I wondered how Rick could stay strong under the power of such a stare. Had it been trained on me, I knew I’d have melted on the spot. The spine that I pretended to possess would snap like a twig under pressure.
It seemed everyone was in attendance. Both Rick’s brothers, Dante and Peter, stood to the king’s side. Dante gave me a kind, small smile which spoke of silent support. Peter, as he’d done the first time I’d met him, back when I hadn’t been able to put a name to his face, looked down at me like I was something disgusting he’d stepped in.
The king spoke; his voice boomed and resounded off the walls, giving it an unworldly quality, as if even his voice was powerful. “What is the meaning of your actions, Aidric?” How peculiar I found it to hear someone address Rick as Aidric. Last night, Dante had called him by Rick, yet now, his father called him by Aidric. Did only certain people call him Rick?
“You’re acting like a rebellious child,” the king continued, further condemning Rick. “You’ve caused insult to not only me, but to Lady Olivia as well.”
For the first time, I noticed Rick’s betrothed—well ex-betrothed, I hoped—stood within the crowd. She gave the occasional sniffle and used a white, lace handkerchief to dab lightly at her eyes. No doubt to everyone else she looked like the innocent woman who’d been snubbed and offended by her future husband’s involvement with another woman, but I couldn’t see any sheen of tears in her eyes. Instead, there was a hardness and evilness in them that spoke of the revenge she planned to dish out towards me for the insult we’d bestowed upon her.
The king spoke again, drawing my attention back to him. “The contract has been agreed between Lady Olivia’s father and me.” He sat forward, looking down on us. “It cannot be broken. The truce is too important for you to risk just because some peasant girl has taken your fancy.”
Rick’s jaw clenched at the insult directed at both of us. “You will not speak of Katelyn in that way.” I squeezed his hand in thanks for defending me. How strange it felt to have a man defend my name instead of slurring it. “I’m not a trained animal, obeying his master’s every command,” Rick hotly argued. “At one time, I would have simply done as you ordered, but not anymore. Not when I know there’s more I want.”
“Her?” the king sneered. “She’s a peasant. Her situation is such that she’s an unacceptable match for you. I forbid the union.”
Rick drew up to his full height, his back ramrod straight. “Forbid it all you like, Father. You either accept her as my chosen or...”
“Or?” he thundered with a dark underlying tone to his timbre.
Rick raised his chin. “Or I abdicate.”
Shocked gasps from the crowd. Dante looked from Rick to King Edgar in worry. Peter had a light in his eyes, a hunger that yearned for the thing that had been out of his reach. If Rick abdicated, Peter would become heir. Something, judging by the look of him, Peter wanted very much.
The king didn’t answer for the longest time—just studied us like we were interesting bugs to be examined. “Is that supposed to be a threat, son?” There was no anger in his tone, more like he was intrigued with this new side of Rick he saw.
“It’s a fact,” he replied. “One I do not state lightly. You’ve always wanted me to live by my own decisions, no one else’s. And yet you disapprove when I do the very thing you wished of me. I never chose Lady Olivia, you did. The only thing I regret is that I let the charade continue for so long. I should have dissolved the contract between us when the first doubt entered my head. But other than that, I do not regret a single choice I’ve made.” I smiled over his use of the word “choice”.
“And you?” the king said, addressing me. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“I say...” Don’t say it, I silently begged myself. He’s the king; he can have you hanged if he so wishes it. But, like so many times before, my mouth didn’t listen to my brain. “I say you’re a hypocrite.”
Rick gave a choked cough, but apart from that, all was silent. If a coin dropped at the other side of the castle, I imagined I’d be able to hear it. The only indication that the king gave that I’d shocked him with my accusation was a raised eyebrow. Apart from that, he was the image of composure.
He stood in one fluid movement, making me realise that even though he was older, he still had strength within him hidden behind his grace and stillness. I would do well to remember that—hopefully, next time, before I called him a hypocrite again.
One foot descended onto the step below, slowly followed by the other. He took his time, expertly building tension as everyone, myself included, waited for the moment his cool facade cracked and I felt the full force of his wrath as he ordered me to my death. His red cape gliding over the steps behind him didn’t help my overactive imagination as I pictured it as blood—my blood.
Feet braced apart, he stopped a foot away from us. Crossing his arms—which looked more muscular than Sawyer’s—across his chest, he sized me up. “Pray tell,” he said quietly, “how am I a hypocrite?”
I took a fortifying breath of courage, drawing strength from Rick’s presence. For him, I would be the brave woman he saw me as; even if that meant standing up to his father. The cocky Slummer girl in me drew her head. I shrugged. “Did you not marry your wife, Queen Roslyn, against your father’s wishes?” I paused for effect. “Wasn’t your father so against it that he didn’t even attend your own wedding?” I’d never been so thankful for all the lessons I’d received as a child from my aunt on royal history as I was now.
Rick’s chuckle was filled with pride. “She has you there, Father.”
“Indeed,” he mused with a twitch to the lips seen under his grey-streaked beard. “There is more to you, girl, than one first expects.” He turned slightly to encompass the whole room. “However...our traditions, our laws, cannot be broken. She is not of noble blood. Add to that that her blood is also tainted with magic, that her very presence in this kingdom has brought Black Magicians to our door, there is only one choice left to us.”
I guessed Rick had finally told his father that I was the crimson jewel; another point against my favour judging by the expression on the king’s face.
“Father,” Dante argued, speaking for the first time. “Katelyn can’t control those things. The magicians want her for a reason; we’d do well to know why. She could be very valuable to us if she was trained to use her powers.”
“Magicians are too unpredictable,” King Edgar argued. “The power a single magic wielder can conjure could turn the kingdom to ash.”
“That’s just a legend,” Rick disagreed and took a protective step in front of me. “In truth, we don’t know the extent of their magic. Our fear of them is overshadowing our common sense. A magician within the kingdom would be a valuable asset, one we can’t just overlook because we have a phobia of the unknown.” I felt like a piece of meat the way they were arguing over me. Did Rick really believe that I could protect the kingdom against the Black Magicians with powers I hadn’t known I’d possessed just a day before? I didn’t feel like I had power within me—the most powerful entity known since the cast of the first spell, according to what the magic book had said about the crimson jewel. I felt exactly the same as I always had. No different.
“And if the Black Magicians invade?” the king countered as he straightened one of the gold rings on his fingers. “How do you propose we stop them when we come under siege?”
I answered before Rick could. “When they come knocking at our door...you give them me.”
“No,” Rick quickly denied. “Never going to happen.”
The king ignored his son’s outburst to instead cock his head at me. “That is either very brave, or very foolish.” He looked deep into my eyes, and I’d have been quaking in my borrowed shoes if it wasn’t, at that moment, I saw something in the king I hadn’t seen before. He stopped being a man of power, but instead, was simply a man. In that moment, I saw a glimpse of Rick in him.
“Why?” the king wanted to know. “Why would you willingly sacrifice yourself to a fate worse than death?”
My eyelashes lowered as I slowly blinked. I wasn’t simply saying these things so the king would get over his prejudice and like me. I really meant what I said. Looking around the throne room, numerous reasons as to why I’d give myself up jumped out at me. And those reasons took the faces of my loved ones. Rick, Sawyer, Brayden, even Dante. There were also the people not here but who were never far from my thoughts. Aunt Maria, Uncle Ivan, my baby cousin, Robert, the orphaned children, Troy, Little Faye—so many people could be hurt and all because I’d been too afraid to make the ultimate sacrifice. I refused to let that happen. To protect them, I would gladly, and without the slightest bit of regret, surrender myself to the Black Magicians. Even to a fate worse than death.
Rick’s father still waited for an answer to his question, so I gave him the only motive he’d understand. “The same reason you would.”
He stroked his beard as he contemplated me. Decision made, he said, “You will be held to the promise you just made here, Katelyn from the slums. You pledged your life to me, your king, and I accept. But until that day comes...” He left the rest unsaid.
Rick looked ill with what had just happened. My life wasn’t my own anymore—it was the king’s to control.
“Father,” Peter argued. “You can’t seriously be condoning this?”
“How can I not”—the king tipped his head in my direction—“without being what Katelyn so delicately accused me of? A hypocrite, was it not?” I blushed when he raised his eyebrows at me. “Let the sand fall where it may, son.”
“But a peasant,” Peter fumed and his nostrils flared like he’d smelt something bad. “It will bring disgrace to our royal name.”
Rick took a menacing step towards his brother, murder darkening his face. “Watch your tongue, Peter. You insult Katelyn again, and you’d better prepare to feel my blade.”
The two stared each other down. I tightened my grip on Rick’s hand, hoping I was strong enough to hold him back if the need arose. I didn’t want to be the cause of a rift between two brothers, even one so pig-headed he probably deserved Rick’s blade.
I breathed a sigh of relief when Peter lost the battle of wills and didn’t cast another insult my way. His jaw clenching as it moved from side to side, he muttered. “I doubt she’ll live long enough to see the new moon rising, anyway. The Black Magicians hunt her like a hound hunts a rabbit.”
I swallowed heavily. I could have done without that imagery.
Lady Olivia chose that moment to quickly step forwards, separating herself from the crowd. “I object,” she shrilled in a voice even more annoying than I remembered. I wondered if she recognised me as the woman she‘d struck only a few days ago. “My father will not accept this scandal. The betrothal contract has been signed, the terms agreed.” She straightened her already straight neck even more. “It cannot be broken. Prince Aidric was promised to me, and have him, I will.”
The tiny eye movement that the king made had me wondering if I’d just imagined seeing him roll his eyes at Lady Olivia’s demands. “Whilst in this kingdom,” he corrected her in annoyance, “I am your king. If I decide to decree your betrothal null, there’s nothing you...or anybody else...can do about it.”
Like a wayward, spoilt child, she stomped her foot, just as if I’d taken her favourite toy away from her.
My description, however, wasn’t too far off the mark. She wanted Rick—not because she loved him or harboured any feelings towards him whatsoever—but because she wanted the things a marriage to a prince would bring. She wanted his money, his title, but most of all, she wanted his power.
“My father will demand recompense for the shame you have caused me,” she argued and clenched the fists that were hidden in the folds of her gown at her side. “She’s a peasant.” The cords in her neck started to show with the building scream she tried to repress “You’re choosing to have a commoner as a princess over me, a woman of noble blood, of class and refinement? Why not marry a stray mutt off the street?” The last, she hissed, directed at me.
My eyebrows rose at the woman’s nerve and my eyes flashed in fury. I’d only met the woman twice, and that was two times too many. What had Rick been thinking to become engaged to this evil woman?
“I’d rather be dead than face the humiliation of my betrothed choosing a street urchin over me,” she fumed with nostrils flaring.
You anger the cow, you get the horns, I thought to myself as I witnessed her eyes glint with malevolence.
She approached us, only stopping within touching distance. My eyelids narrowed as I tried to puzzle out the woman’s strange behaviour. She didn’t turn pleading eyes on the king in an effort to get him to reconsider, nor did she direct any come-hither looks towards Rick in a pathetic bid to get him to desire her. Instead, she glared at me with a look so cold, I could practically feel chills skirting down my spine. Back was the malice I’d seen in her before when she’d threatened to have me hanged because I’d dirtied her bags. She’d relished the thought. Only someone sick and twisted would find pleasure in causing someone else pain.
She saw me as an obstacle to destroy, and destroy me she intended to do.
But my enlightenment came a heartbeat too slow.
Maybe because I’d been watching her more closely than King Edgar or Rick, I was the first to notice. Perhaps on some level, I’d expected the attack. But, unlike last time, this time her form of weapon was sharper than her tongue. A blade.
Hidden within the folds of her gown, it was only as long as my palm but no less deadly because of its size.
Everything seemed to happen in slow motion. A power surged to life within me, answering an unspoken call for help. Like flood water surging against the walls of a dam, it battered to get out.
I only had a moment to act before the blade found its way into one of us. I screamed a warning to Rick and his father as the vixen put force behind the blade and it started to move towards us. On some level, I knew that this should be happening faster, but the boost of adrenaline pumping through my veins only focused my reflexes, not my thinking.
Because had I been thinking correctly, I would have used the magic I could feel within me, stretching like an awakening cat, on her. But at that moment, I wasn’t thinking logically. The force within me was a claw that had just come unsheathed. All I thought about was my need to protect Rick.
My magic answered my wish.
A blast of air shot from my hands, hitting Rick and his father in their chests. Their feet flew out from under them as they sailed backwards through the air, away from us, like broken arrows tumbling uncontrollably.
With my arms spread wide, I had no way to protect myself as the blade easily, almost gracefully, slid into my skin to embed in my stomach.
When I looked down, I saw the handle protruding from my belly. My dress, I stupidly thought, my shocked mind finding the most unimportant thing to concentrate on.
Suddenly, Sawyer was there, tackling Lady Olivia to the ground. But it was too late. We were all too late.
Slowly, I pulled the blade out, panting from the pain; a mistake, given how the flow of blood spread faster than before. Muscle, organs, flesh—I could feel every facet of the injury. I couldn’t hold in the moan of pain as I pressed my hand to the wound. Never had anything felt so painful before.
With astonishing speed, I grew dizzy, my head felt fuzzy and my knees weakened until I collapsed onto the cold, stone floor.
“No!” A roar...
Rick, having recovered from his flight and realising what had happened to me, was suddenly there, catching my head before it hit the floor. “No,” he begged on a sob as he pulled my hand away to inspect the damage the knife had inflicted.
“Seize her,” I heard the king order. I hoped he wasn’t talking about me. Was he mad because I’d used magic on him?
I moaned and clenched my stomach in pain when Rick used both his hands to apply pressure in an attempt to cease the bleeding. It must have been working because the pain started to recede. I felt light, almost like I floated on a cloud. I wanted to wipe the tears off Rick’s face but my arms were too heavy to move. Instead, I gazed up at him with all the love I felt. If this was the end, I didn’t want to leave this world with any regrets.
I’d never said that I loved him, I realised as my eyes started to blur. “I...” My voice, a whisper in strength, but he heard me.
“Stay with me, Katelyn,” Rick begged in a voice that seemed far away. “I’ve only just found you, I can’t lose you. Please don’t leave me.” A single tear rolled down his cheek. “Get the healer,” he shouted over his shoulder before looking back at me.
I coughed and I tasted blood in the back of my throat. “I...love...you.”
He looked off to the side. “Father,” his voice broke as he pleaded. The king’s face was one of anguish as he looked from me to Rick. At that moment, he wasn’t a king, but a man worried about his son. The face of a man who wanted to help his son, but couldn’t. The face of a man who knew the pain of losing the woman of his heart too soon and unable to save his son from facing the same pain he’d faced.
My heart started to slow and the voices of the panicked crowd faded.
Peace—that was all I knew. In the end, nothing seemed to matter. I floated on a sea where there was no pain, no sorrow...just peace.
Through my dreamless sleep, I heard snippets of words.
Magicians...here...white.
Let them come.
Heal her...



Chapter Eighteen
I flitted in and out of sleep. I’d be on the verge of consciousness before I’d be snatched away, dragged back into the darkness. I didn’t like the darkness. It was a void. Nothing existed—not even me.
I had a sense that people surrounded me. Rick, Sawyer, Brayden, Dante and even King Edgar at one point. They seemed to be arguing about something. But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t hear what they said. It was more that I picked up the tone, the tension of the conversation.
At one point, I felt the presence of someone who was both alien and familiar to me. They brought with them a smell that I hadn’t smelt in…I couldn’t remember how many years. It was a scent that I knew, but couldn’t put a name to; like it had been repressed in my memory so long ago that I’d forgotten it was there. It didn’t have a name, or a face, just a feeling; the feeling of being safe, of being protected, of being warm.
It was the smell of home.
“When will she wake up?”
As if from a long distance away, I heard Rick’s anxious voice. What was he doing here? Wasn’t I dead? Maybe the good deeds I’d done in my three-and-twenty winters outweighed my sins and this was Heaven? Surely, if I’d descended into Hell, Rick wouldn’t be here.
“It’s been two days,” he continued. “Maybe your spell didn’t work.”
“It worked,” a woman’s voice assured him. “I had to put her in a deep enough sleep that her body had time to heal. Be patient.” Whoever she was, she didn’t seem to mind ordering Rick around. I liked her already. “Do you really think I would do anything to hurt her?”
“How should I know?” he grated and I heard the creak of wood. “Twenty-three years is a long time—if you truly are who you say you are.”
Either the mystery woman didn’t answer or I lost the battle to stay on the brink of consciousness, but the next time awareness returned to me, I got the feeling that time had passed even though it felt like the conversation I’d heard had only happened moments ago. The air felt colder, my surroundings were silent and subdued. Night-time, I realised, putting the pieces together.
Without even opening my eyes, I knew Rick slept next to me. I could feel the dip in the bed from his weight and his steady breathing stirred my hair around my ear. His masculine scent made him identifiable to me, as recognisable as the aroma of fresh bread.
Slowly trying to peel back my eyelids, I realised that I must have slept for a very long time given the way they stuck together like glue. The darkness that greeted me alarmed me. It resembled the darkness I’d been imprisoned in when I’d balanced on the edge of death. Was this the same darkness?
Comprehension dawned as I made out the shapes of furniture in the room, and I realised that I was back in my room in the Keep. Twice now, I’d woken up in this bed after dreadful events that had caused me to collapse. I didn’t normally make a habit of fainting like the delicate women of the higher classes, so I kind of resented that I’d done it two days in a row.
The silk covered bedding was pulled up to my chin. The material felt cold against my bare toes. My hand found its way to my stomach, and I prepared myself to feel the pain from my wound, but instead, I felt nothing. Gone was my ball gown; all I wore was a cotton nightshirt. Despite it covering me from neck to ankles, I still felt naked.
My gown wasn’t the only thing gone. My stab wound had disappeared like it never had been. If it wasn’t for the strength of the memory, I’d have thought I’d dreamt it.
I must have given a gasp of surprise that not even a scar remained, alerting my sleeping companion. Rick moved like a leaping cat. One moment he was fast asleep, the next, he rolled over, planting both of his hands at either side of my head. His uncontrollable messy hair fell forward to almost touch my forehead. His emerald green eyes filled my vision, and for that I was grateful.
All I could do was blink up at him. I’d almost lost him—a thought I couldn’t bear to contemplate. I’d only just found him; I wasn’t ready to give him up yet. I doubted I’d ever be ready to give him up.
“You’re awake,” he marvelled in unrepressed relief as he gazed down at me with worried eyes filled with love.
“What are you doing sleeping in my bed?” I’d almost died and the first sentence out of my uncontrollable mouth was a reprimand?
One eyebrow rose. “Well, other than the fact that this is my room, I was making sure you didn’t die in your sleep.”
“This is your room? And why are you only just telling me this now?”
“Under the circumstances, it didn’t seem that important. My first concern was making sure the Black Magicians didn’t kidnap you. Forgive me if I forgot that one little detail.” Rick didn’t seem inclined to move from his position above me. His muscled arms easily held his weight. We were hardly touching at all, and yet it felt that we couldn’t be closer or more isolated from the rest of the world.
“If I was the type of woman who had a reputation, mine would be in ruins right about now.” I sighed. “Think of what the servants must be saying about us.”
“Do you really care what they’re saying?”
In answer, I shook my head, not wanting to break the closeness of the moment. I’d never really cared about what people thought of me, so why start now?
“What happened?”
He knew what I spoke of. His eyes flashed with fury—not at me, but at Lady Olivia. “You mean after you were stabbed and almost breathed your last breath?” I waited for him to calm himself, finally giving into my impulse to caress his cheek, comforting him. This close, I could see the creases at the corners of his eyes. Watching his lashes blink, I marvelled at how I’d come to be so lucky. This strong, loving, desirable, caring man...was mine. Never before had I possessed something so precious.
“After Olivia attacked you,” he finally continued, causing my eyes to narrow at the familiarity to which he addressed her by her first name, “your friends detained her. I wanted her head for what she’d done to you, but my father said we have enough enemies bearing down on us without Second Kingdom joining their ranks.”
“Are you saying that the king did nothing?” I said, shocked. The nerve! The woman had almost killed me and she didn’t even get a slap on the wrists?
Rick looked offended that I’d even asked that. “Of course not! She’s been banished from the kingdom. My father sent some of the Guard to deliver her home.”
I huffed. “That’s it? She gets a personal escort?” I should have stabbed her myself.
I gave myself a mental shake. The woman was gone; that was the only thing that mattered. She had no ties to Rick anymore. She’d shown her true colours—just a shame I’d had to be stabbed for those colours to come to light. She had to live with the shame of being banished from the largest kingdom in Atlainia, sent back home to face the humiliation of having to tell people that the prince preferred a Slummer over her. It almost made me wish I could see it.
I knew she’d get her comeuppance. In this world, I believed that what goes around comes around. The Goddess would see to that. You reap what you sow, I thought as I wondered what her fortune would flourish. She’d seethed nastiness onto the world, and now the world would throw that nastiness back.
“Enough about her,” Rick commanded as he wrapped a lock of my red hair around one of his fingers. He caressed my features with his eyes. “You confessed something to me when you thought you were about to die.” He stroked my cheekbone so delicately it was like he feared he’d break me. “I would have you say those three words again, if you’d be so kind.”
I knew what he spoke of, but I frowned in mock bewilderment. “‘I hate knives’?”
His carefree chuckle underlined the tension he had been feeling. It lightened the shadows under his eyes before I lost sight of his face as he dipped his head to kiss my neck.
“Rick?” I tilted my head back to give him better access.
He made an indistinct sound but didn’t stop his attack on my body and senses. The shadow of his stubble softly grazed my skin as his mouth trailed lower. He stopped and seemed to play with my collarbone, tracing it with his fingers and then his mouth.
“Rick?” I said again with an unsteady breath, drawing courage on the knowledge that he wouldn’t see my confession as a weakness, like I did, but as a declaration of the feelings we shared. “I do love you, you know. With all my heart, I do.”
He froze and I worried that my statement had scared him off. I couldn’t take the words back; it was too late. I’d released them. I’d voiced my hidden secret to forever be imprinted on the world. All I had to do was listen hard enough and my love for this man would echo back to me. No matter how far away I was, no matter how much time had aged me, no matter where life took me, Rick would always and forever have my heart.
He slowly raised his head, his choppy exhalations whispering across my face as he looked deeply into my eyes. “I don’t know how and I don’t know why, but you’re the one thing in my life I can’t live without. When I thought you’d died, I felt like I’d died along with you. I couldn’t imagine my life without you—I didn’t even want to envision it. I wanted to die along with you.”
“Don’t talk like that,” I interrupted, slightly shaking my head. “You shouldn’t wish for death. Think of all your responsibilities to the kingdom. Think of your father, your brothers. Would you really hurt them that way?”
His answer came quickly, like he didn’t have to think about it and his mind had already been made up long ago. “To be with you? Without a second thought. And if that makes me selfish, then so be it. All my life, I’ve followed orders, done everything for the good of the kingdom without a care of what I wanted—even marrying a woman like Lady Olivia so we’d have an alliance with another kingdom. I was a mindless puppet, dancing when my father tugged on my strings.”
Silently, I waited, my love for him growing with every word he spoke.
“It’s like I was sleepwalking through my life...and then you woke me up. I’ve had my eyes opened to what really matters.” At my confused look, he clarified by stating, “You.”
For the first time, I was the one who kissed him. I lifted my head and lightly pressed my lips to his. His hand found its way into my hair to hold my head in place. His lips moved and I found myself desperate to deepen the kiss. The kiss was like a sigh of relief, knowing that we’d almost lost one another.
His body lowered to suggestively and intimately press against mine. How different our bodies were. Whilst mine was rounded and soft, his was lean and strong. My mouth, of its own accord, opened and his tongue thrust in to intertwine with mine. I tensed at the new sensation. Rick’s hand ran down my arm, leaving goose bumps in his wake. His palm caressed over my hip to rest where my scar should have been. My muscles tensed as the kiss became more aggressive, and even though I found it hard to breathe, I didn’t care. I didn’t want it to stop—I never wanted it to stop.
A knock at the door came, causing both of us to jump in surprise. His breath just as uneven as mine, Rick looked so angry he might burst a vein.
“Every time,” he muttered through clenched teeth. “Will we ever get a moment alone?” He sighed in defeat, his shoulders slumping. “It’s probably for the best that someone interrupted us. I wouldn’t want to taint your innocence before we’re wed... Think of what the servants would say,” he mocked and smoothly climbed off the bed, making for the door.
When I finally found my voice, it was all high and squeaky. “Wed?” Had I heard him right? My eyes widened so much they hurt as realisation dawned on me. People would expect a wedding. I’d be someone’s wife.
Rick didn’t answer, just threw a cheeky smile over his shoulder, opening the door a crack so he could see who stood on the other side. I leant across the bed, trying to see around him, but the corridor was too dark to make out anything other than the dark silhouette of our disturber.
Rick’s back tensed upon recognising who it was. I pulled the bedcovers up to my chin, covering the nightshirt that left very little to the imagination. Who would be knocking on our door in the middle of the night? It felt like the whole castle was silent and sleeping.
“I’ve waited long enough,” came the hushed but forceful voice from the other side of the door. By the timbre, it was a woman’s voice. The same woman’s voice I’d heard as I balanced on the edge of death, if I wasn’t mistaken. I couldn’t be sure if Rick refuted what she said, but with reluctance, he stepped aside and opened the door wide enough for the woman to enter.
She stepped into the circular ring of light created by the lantern at the side of the bed. Her white cloak was like a glowing warning in the darkness of the room. Her brown hair, streaked with grey, was cut short to frame her face. She had a small button nose and pouted lips with wrinkles surrounding her lips like cracked, dried mud. At a guess, the woman was in her late forties, but she still had an agility and quickness about her that spoke of a woman twenty years her junior.
Her eyes—this woman had eyes the same as mine; almost like she’d plucked them out of my own head.
Then a sensation, a knowing, came over me. I sat up. This woman was a magician. I knew that as certainly as I knew my own name. I could feel it. As soon as she’d stepped into the room, something started to sing to me, something drew me to her.
“I sensed you were awake,” she said, confirming what I’d already suspected. “I could feel it.” She turned a disapproving gaze on Rick. “And that’s not the only thing I felt.” At her statement, Rick smirked with male satisfaction, but I looked at the floor in embarrassment.
My head snapped up when she took a step closer. A touch of fear shivered through me. Apart from Rick, I was alone with a magician. Was she here for me, for the crimson jewel? My fright didn’t listen to common sense, for surely if she was here to hurt me, Rick wouldn’t have let her in.
Her presence made me nervous. Here I was, in bed, weak and defenceless, whilst a magician stood across from me. I watched her warily, looking for any tiny movement to forewarn me she planned to use her powers. To do what? My imagination had no problem conjuring up the worst possible fate. Could she strangle me with a thought? Stop my heart with a flick of her fingers?
“Who is this?” I asked Rick but I didn’t look away from the strange woman.
“I’ll let her tell you the tale,” he replied as he came to sit beside me and held my hand in silent support. His calm attitude helped to settle me some.
“My name is Evelyn,” she said, taking another step closer. “I’m a White Magician, but then, you already knew that.”
I blinked at her strange comment. “How could I? I’ve never seen you before in my life.”
She shook her head and corrected, “You’ve seen me before in your life, but not for as long as you can remember.”
“Isn’t that the same thing?”
“No.”
Even though I had my suspicions, I wanted them voiced. “Did you heal me?” What other explanation could there be? I’d had a wound that should, and probably almost did, kill me, and then I’m magically healed. It didn’t take someone who excelled with intellect to put the pieces together.
She confirmed she had with one slow nod of her head. “We were close when I felt your distress and I knew we had to get to you quickly. We were almost too late.” She watched my every movement, absorbing every facet of me. She either feared me, or she found me fascinating. It was hard to decipher her expression to understand which it was. Even though I’d never laid eyes on this woman before now, I felt like I should know her. It was like a memory of her teased around the edges of my mind, almost like I knew her name but I just couldn’t recall it.
I followed her eyes when she surveyed the room with a sweeping glance. They came to rest on the chair before the dresser. I noticed, for the first time, that my blood stained ball gown was tossed over the back of it. Evelyn strode over to it and picked it up, holding it in her fist. When she shut her eyes, I looked at Rick in confusion. He shrugged, just as mystified as me as to why she stood there holding my dress, her expression one of concentration.
I yelped when the ball gown erupted into flames like it had been soaked in oil. The magician dropped the burning dress as the fire increased in intensity. I push my back against the headboard when the heat of it reached my face.
Extinguishing as quickly as the fire had appeared, a scorch mark on the floor was all that remained of the once beautiful dress.
“Why did you do that?”
She wiped her hands together like a job well done. “Like any magician, there’s magic in your blood.” At my raised eyebrows, she continued. “It’s not just a saying. Our blood’s truly magical. Yours, even more so. We can’t chance it falling into the wrong hands.”
“How is it that for twenty-three years I can be a magician and not even know it?”
“A magician’s power can stay dormant for years, hidden from them, until the proximity of another magician awakens it. Our magic calls to yours. As soon as the Black Magicians stepped foot on Atlainia, it started a chain reaction in you. I imagine that your powers have started to show by now. Under great emotion or stress, our powers are strongest. Have you experienced anything of the sorts yet?”
“I’ll say,” Rick said, rubbing his stomach where the wind had hit him.
I could feel a headache forming behind my eyes. Massaging my forehead in a pitiful attempt to lessen the throbbing, I asked, “If I’m a magician, why am I here?”
She took another step towards us, almost like it was an unconscious move and she simply wanted to be closer to me. When she finally spoke, her voice was forlorn with many regrets. “The crimson jewel was just a legend...until you were born. We knew straight away what you were. How could we not? Your hair is indication enough. Even as a child, we could feel the magic within you. It’s even more obvious now that you've grown. I can feel it like a heat." She held her palm out like she was feeling the invisible heat she spoke of. “I knew that you’d be hunted if you stayed in Hexica. I hid you from the Black Magicians in a place where even your own powers remained hidden from you.”
I swallowed. She spoke of my life like it was some kind of bedtime story. This was my whole world she was turning upside-down. How easily she said these things. I suddenly felt like a pawn in a game I hadn’t realised I was playing. What was so special about me that the White Magicians would hide me, whilst the Black Magicians searched to find me? “Why do they want me so much?”
Her gaze became sad. “You have power like they could only imagine in their wildest dreams. They want to take it from you.”
“Can’t I just give it to them?” I pressed my side closer to Rick, seeking comfort. Stubbornly shaking my head, I pleaded, “I don’t want to be a magician.”
Even though I hadn’t meant to, I could tell my words had hurt her for some reason I couldn’t fathom.
“Your magic isn’t a piece of clothing you can just give away. It’s in your very breath, in every beat of your heart...in every drop of your blood. The only way for someone to take your magic from you is to kill you.”
I sighed. “How did I know you were going to say that?”
“The Red Magician—”
“The what?” Rick wondered.
She waved at herself. “As you know, there are White Magicians, like me. We use our magic to help people, to fight against the Black Magicians. The Black Magicians use their magic for evil. Having magic in our blood comes with a price. There’s a darkness living within all of us. The only difference between us and them is that we haven’t given in to the darkness.” There was an unspoken “yet” at the end of her sentence.
She inclined her head towards me. “There’s only one Red Magician. You, Katelyn.” Finding out I was the only Red Magician certainly didn’t make me feel special.
Her expression softened and I thought I saw the sheen of tears in her eyes. “It broke my heart to leave you in the arms of a stranger. I knew it was the only way to keep you safe, but selfishly, I didn’t want to let you go.”
The way she spoke caused my stomach to tighten. “Who are you?” I already had my suspicions but I needed to hear her say it.
When she didn’t immediately answer, Rick ordered in that commanding tone of his, “Tell her what you told me.”
She looked so deeply into my eyes it was like she was trying to see into my soul.
“I’m your mother.”
I felt like there was no air to breathe. A silent battle raged inside me. I wanted to rejoice, I wanted to cry, scream and shout. So conflicted was I, all I could do was sit frozen, eyeing this woman who claimed to be my dead mother.
“My...” The words dried up like sand in my mouth. I squinted, trying to see the resemblance of me in her face.
I frantically shook my head. “My mother is dead.” All the things my aunt had said ran through my head. Your mother will come. She’ll protect you. Now, this woman was here, claiming to be my mother...protecting me. I remembered searching the public records for my mother and not being able to find her name. Rick had not been able to find my name, either, as if neither I nor my mother had been born on Atlainian soil. “I was told my mother died a long time ago. How can I believe you’re not lying?”
“You have a birthmark,” she stated without pause.
I shrugged, unconvinced. “So do many people.” Lucky guess.
“Yours is apple-shaped, right above your heart.”
I rubbed the spot she spoke of. She was right, of course. I warily eyed her up and down, scared that it was true; terrified that it wasn’t. “There’s only one person who can say if you’re telling the truth or not. I need to hear it from my Aunt Maria.”
I thought about my sick aunt, and how this magician had healed me. Excitement coursed through me, leaving me with a new determination, a new mission to focus on for the time being until I’d gathered enough courage to face who this woman claimed to be.
“I need you to do something for me,” I implored. “Will you?”
“Anything,” she promised.



Chapter Nineteen
We waited for first light, much to my impatience. I’d wanted to go there and then, even if it had been the middle of the night. What if we waited for the sun to rise, only to discover when we got there, she hadn’t survived through the night? How cruel and heart-breaking that would be to know she could have been saved if only we’d been a little quicker.
Rick didn’t come with us. Instead, in his place, he sent Sawyer and Brayden.
“You’ll protect her with your life,” Rick said, cross examining my friends before we were allowed to leave. We stood in the courtyard of the castle. Over the water-filled moat and across the bridge, the slums waited. And in there, my aunt was slowly dying—the aunt we could now heal thanks to Evelyn.
“Aye,” Brayden retorted, “but not because you’ve ordered us to, Your Highness. She’s our friend. We’d gladly die to protect her.”
To say my best friends hadn’t taken an instant shine to Rick would be an understatement. It seemed they blamed Rick for all the bad things that had happened to me, no matter how much I tried to explain. Secretly, I believed they felt guilty for not protecting me and took their anger out on Rick.
If I wasn’t mistaken, Rick was a little jealous of Sawyer and Brayden. He’d frowned when I’d hugged them. But, like I’d come to expect of Rick, he didn’t let his feelings get in the way of his duty. “I have to plan strategy with my father. If the Black Magicians make their move on the kingdom, we have to be prepared. You two will be her protectors. Congratulations,” Rick said to my best friends. “I’m promoting you to commanders. You’re first and only responsibility is to keep Katelyn alive.”
“Don’t talk about me like I’m not stood right here,” I argued with my hands on my hips. “I can protect myself.”
Rick raised an eyebrow at me. “The last time you were left to your own protection, you got stabbed and almost died.”
He had me there, and if the righteous smirk on his face was any indication, he knew it too. Regardless, I argued that Sawyer and Brayden didn’t want to be on babysitting duty. They had more important things to be doing.
“Nothing is more important to me than you.” At Rick’s final statement, I couldn’t come up with any more excuses as to why I didn’t need protection. Like he was the most important thing to me, it seemed I was the most important thing to him.
With narrowed eyes, Rick looked from Sawyer to Brayden to me. Like a dog marking his territory, he gave me a hard kiss in front of everyone.
Once I’d composed myself, I muttered, “Next time, why don’t you just brand your initials on my backside? It might be a little less obvious.”
In reply, he gave a very satisfied male smirk. This was a side of Rick I’d never seen before. I half expected him to beat his fists against his chest, roar an almighty battle cry, and slay any man that looked at me the wrong way.
However, I kind of liked his jealousy and possessiveness. Maybe it was weak and pathetic of me but I found it sweet how the prince of First Kingdom acted like a child who wouldn’t share his building blocks with the other children. It made me feel wanted in a way I’d never felt wanted before.
Simply because I couldn’t seem to help myself, I kissed him again. Silly, I knew, but I regretted that we’d be parted even for a short time.
When had I turned into such a soft, sentimental sap? This just wasn’t me. I couldn’t even muster up any true embarrassment at the fact that my best friends looked on as I kissed Rick.
I broke away at Brayden’s forced cough. Throwing a mild glare at Rick to say that I blamed him for my unusual behaviour—the man had made me fall in love with him, after all—I turned with my friends to leave.
“Hurry back to me, love,” Rick said from behind me, only loud enough for me to hear.
I looked back at him with sparkling eyes. Never would I tire of hearing how Rick felt about me. I, a poor Slummer girl, could bring this prince to his knees with only a word, so sure I was of his love for me. Not that I wanted him on his knees, of course, but I kind of liked the knowledge that I could.
To say our procession through the slums was unwelcomed would be putting it mildly. People, upon seeing our party coming down the street, ushered their children inside, slamming the shutters and locking their doors faster than I thought was mortally possible.
It wasn’t Sawyer or Brayden they feared—although they did look formidable with their deadly sharp eyes that missed nothing and the intimidating swords strapped to their backs. It wasn’t even my presence that inspired people to run and hide like we were the plague of death. No, it was the twenty or so White Magicians that surrounded us like a cage.
Evelyn had not travelled alone.
Men and women ranging from young to old, from tall to short, from slender to plump—all different, but essentially all the same. Powerful magic wielders, dressed in the same pure white cloak—a symbol of what they were. I wondered if their cloaks had a spell cast upon them to stay clean. How else did they stay bright white even with the dust of the road stirring around their feet?
Our convoy of magicians took this “protection” to a whole new level. Evelyn had said that these carefully selected magicians—the most powerful Hexica had to offer—would be my guards for the foreseeable future. And foreseeable my future was. A few days ago, I’d known how my future would shape out; I’d known what tomorrow would bring.
Now, I didn’t have a clue. The only thing I was sure of: I wouldn’t let anyone get hurt because of what I was. If the Black Magicians threatened to bring First Kingdom crumbling to the ground unless I’m handed over, I’d strap a big bow to my head and throw myself at their feet.
With the road to my house deserted, the emptiness of the slums was eerie. Normally, it was a place that never slept. All through the day and night, someone or something could be heard or seen. But now, the place was like a barren ghost town—desolate and forsaken.
I couldn’t blame the people of First Kingdom for their fear. If I’d seen twenty magicians coming towards me, I’d have run for the hills, also.
Evelyn quickened her pace to walk beside me. Again, as I’d found myself doing numerous times since she’d made her revelation last night, I watched her out of the corner of my eye. How often when I‘d been growing up had I pictured what my mother looked like? What she sounded like? I’d mourned a woman I’d never known.
I found it hard to believe. My life had been one huge, massive, gigantic lie with this woman at the centre of the conspiracy. I wasn’t from Atlainia; my mother wasn’t dead; my aunt, uncle and baby cousin weren’t even my real family. I wasn’t simply a Slummer girl. I was the crimson jewel, the Red Magician. I had enemies of the evilest kind when yesterday my greatest foe had been The Hag—I really should start calling her Helen.
I’d craved adventure, now I almost missed the time when my life had been so much simpler.
But, regardless of all the bad that had transpired, I wouldn’t trade any of it if that meant I’d never have met Rick.
My lips curled in a secret smile which didn’t go unnoticed by Evelyn.
“Has your life been a good one?”
I looked from her to the ground, watching the distance from the castle to my home disappear one step at a time. What a loaded question, I thought, wondering how to answer. In a moment, I weighed up everything that had happened in my short twenty-three years. The bad: hunger, poverty, struggles, sickness. And then I reflected on the good: friendship, family, fun, laughter, joy...love.
I slowly nodded my head. “Yes, it has.”
Her eyes flickered like she struggled to find the right words. “I know you probably believe I have no right to ask this, especially as I’m but a stranger to you, but I...”
“You’d what?” I queried when she fell silent.
With a deep breath, she looked at me with my own eyes. “I’d like...to get to know you.”
Countless times before had I viewed from the outside a mother’s love for her child. The special, unbreakable bond that lasts beyond a lifetime. A mother cherished a child even before it was born, and would continue to do so for as long as she might live. I’d seen it in the steadfast adoration in a mother’s eyes, when she’d look upon her child like they’d been fashioned by angels and sent from the Goddess above.
I’d yearned for that, and now here was a woman who claimed to be my mother...looking at me in the exact same way other mothers did when looking at their own children.
If I’d had a child, and the only way to keep my baby safe was to leave her with a stranger and possibly never see her again, could I have done it? I experienced a twinge in my heart just imagining the heartbreak she must have faced. Every day she spent not knowing if I’d lived or died. Knowing she’d never be there to soothe my bumps and bruises. Never getting to see me grow up, never knowing me.
How could I deny her the one solitary thing she’d craved for all my life?
I smiled at her, losing, at the same time, any resentment towards her or my aunt and uncle for their lies. I knew they’d done it to protect me. I would have done the exact same thing in their position. “What do you want to know?”
Her eyes filled with a light film of tears and she sighed in relief like she’d been holding her breath for my answer. “Everything,” she whispered.
I lightly chuckled. “That could take a while.”
“I’ve got time. I’ve got all the time in the world. I want—I’d like it if we could spend some time together. I’d like to know the beautiful, courageous young woman my daughter’s grown into.”
If that was the way Evelyn saw me, I hoped I lived up to her expectations once she got to know me.
Soon enough, my house—which was in sharp need of repair—came into view.
“I cannot promise anything, Katelyn,” Evelyn said, looking at my house like it was an obstacle to overcome. “Yes, I am a magician, but that doesn’t mean I can control everything. There are limitations. All I can do is try my best.”
“That’s all I can ask for.”
Sawyer and Brayden—who’d been taking Rick’s instructions to guard me very seriously—stopped at the entrance to my house.
“We’ll be right here if you need us,” Sawyer said, speaking for the first time since we’d left the castle. “Just call if we can do anything.”
“Once you’ve healed Katelyn’s aunt,” Brayden said, addressing Evelyn in a joking tone, “I was hoping you could put a spell on me to make me invincible with a sword.” When she shook her head in denial—her lips twitching, undermining her stern expression—Brayden’s tone became beseeching. “How about making it so my voice can ensnarl women? No? How about...”
The list of spells Brayden wanted cast upon himself trailed off as Evelyn and I entered my house. I knew what Brayden had been trying to do. He never could stand a tense situation without cracking a joke. I appreciated his efforts to distract me. Both he and Sawyer were true friends.
I halted on the threshold of my aunt’s bedroom. Only a few days had passed since the last time I’d seen her. Only a few days ago her condition had been such that, yes, she had been ill, but still…we’d hoped.
Looking at her now, that hope had gone.
Gaunt and looking so close to death, one push and she’d go over the edge. Her fast deterioration shocked me. Her every breath seemed like a struggle, the air rattling in her lungs. Her lips were blue like something was constantly choking her. Her complexion was one of a corpse, and her hair was so dull and lifeless, it reminded me of dried straw.
Such guilt I felt. I’d been so wrapped up in my own problems—and adventures—that I hadn’t thought of my aunt lying sick and dying, bedbound, in more days than I liked to admit. My thoughts had been so consumed with the revelations of mine and Rick’s identity that I shamefully hadn’t wondered or inquired of my aunt’s condition. Could I have been any more self-involved?
I almost hated myself at that moment.
Begging with my eyes, I pleaded with Evelyn to make it better. Squeezing my shoulder in comfort, she approached the bed and knelt down beside my aunt. Leaning forward, she whispered something only the two of them could hear. Did she reassure her that she’d make it better? Did she thank the woman who’d raised me in her absence?
Evelyn clasped my aunt’s fragile hand and closed her eyes in concentration, her brow furrowed and shoulders hunched. She held Aunt Maria’s hand for the longest time. I started to tap my foot to release the nervousness that built within me. The tapping soon developed to me pacing across the foot of the bed. Looking between my aunt and Evelyn, I searched for signs that her magic was working. Only the sheen of sweat on Evelyn’s forehead let me know that something was happening that I couldn’t see.
After what felt like the longest time, she sighed in defeat and lent back. “I can’t heal her. Unlike you were, she’s very close to death. She’s accepted it. To bring her back from the brink requires more power than even I possess.”
A cold shiver ran down my back. “Then it’s hopeless?” My tone was tormented. I’d come to accept that my aunt probably wouldn’t recover, but since learning that Evelyn could heal people, I’d begun to hope. Hope had been the only thing keeping me standing, and now, upon learning that my hope was unfounded, I felt robbed.
“I didn’t say that,” Evelyn said, causing me to look at her with wide eyes. “I said that I couldn’t heal her, but you can.”
The crackle of fire was all that could be heard as I absorbed the information in silence. I was mute, not wanting to let hope blossom if it wasn’t true. I didn’t know if I believed her. How could it be that I, a novice, could heal Aunt Maria whilst a fully trained, powerful magician couldn’t? But if there was even the slightest possibility that it was true...
I finally spoke. “How do I heal her?”
“It’ll take all your concentration.” She looked up at me from where she knelt on the floor. Her white cloak was a sharp contrast against the grey bedcovers. “You have no training in casting spells, no education in magic. It will be like asking a child to run before they can walk.”
“It’s lucky I’m a fast learner, then.”
“Come here, beside me.” She continued once I knelt next to her. “It’s not necessary for touch, but it makes it easier to make a connection if you hold her hand.”
I did as instructed. I tried to hide how nervous I felt but I doubted Evelyn missed how my hands shook.
“Find the magic within you. Dig deep and you’ll find it. Don’t be afraid to follow your instincts.”
I took a deep breath in a bid to calm my jittery nerves. The pressure built within me, as did the fear and guilt. What if I couldn’t heal her? She’d die and it’d be my fault, no one else’s. Her life was in my hands—hands that didn’t have a clue what they were doing.
“Close your eyes. Try and clear your mind of anything other than harnessing your powers.”
Easier said than done, I mocked. My mind ran at a colossal speed. Now all I can think about is how much I’m not meant to be thinking of anything... I tried to find this magic she spoke of, but all I accomplished were sore eyes as I squeezed them too tightly.
I thought back to when Lady Olivia had attacked me. How had I felt? The emotions I felt at the time had unlocked my powers. Evelyn had said that my powers may have started to manifest under great emotions. I, for one, knew how powerful an emotion could be. Fear, love, hate. All those sensations could make you do amazing things. Fear could make you run faster than you’d ever thought possible. Love could make you braver than you’d ever felt before. Hate could make you say or do something completely out of character.
Could it be that for a magician, their emotions made them...well, magical?
Taking a deep breath, I calmed myself, exhaling the cool air and releasing all my thoughts, fears, and instead, all I did was feel. I felt the dry skin of my aunt’s hand under my fingertips. I felt the hard, wooden floor beneath my knees. I felt the burning heat from the fire in the hearth.
All the emotions I’d felt over my aunt’s sickness flooded me like a dam bursting its banks, helplessness being the strongest, leaving a hollow, empty sensation in the pit of my stomach. I felt trapped—no matter which way I turned, an impermeable wall blocked my path. Being powerless to ease her suffering had been killing me a little inside.
My baby cousin, Robert, wouldn’t understand at first. All the baby would know was that his mother had been taken from him. He was too young to understand death—and yet, it would change his life forever. I wouldn’t wish it upon anyone to grow up without a mother—trust me, I knew.
Just then, I felt something within me. Awakening. Stronger than my emotions—but just as powerful as any emotion could be. It churned within my stomach; it made my heart beat stronger, and it swamped my mind.
Even with my eyes closed, I could see. Next to me, Evelyn was a strong white radiance in the dark vision in my head. I could sense her magic. Like a caress against my conscience, it felt reassuring.
My aunt’s prone body was a pulsing light, fading with every beat. Her heart, I realised, trying not to break whatever connection I’d been able to forge. The pulsing light is her heartbeat. As I watched, it slowed, becoming uneven as it struggled.
And there, within her labouring chest, was a...wrongness. Like a black cancer, it felt bad, alien. It was a sickness. The consumption, I swallowed upon seeing the extent of her illness. I marvelled at how she still lived with this...thing growing inside her.
My magic within me stretched towards my aunt and I didn’t try to stop it. I let instinct take over and just did what felt right. The magic left my body, trailing down my arm, across the barrier of my skin and into my aunt’s body where we touched. In my mind’s eye, I saw it creeping up her arm, approaching her chest like the tide surfs towards the beach. At her chest, it caged in the blackness, gently enfolding it until there was no way for it to escape.
Then, suddenly, contrary to the soothing progression it had been hypnotically making, it yanked the illness from her chest. But, like the disease it was, it dug claws into her, refusing to be relinquished from its host. My mind wasn’t one for quitting. It pulled harder, determined to rid her of the blackness. I wrenched harder.
My eyes flickered open as my aunt’s back arched off the bed as if an invisible string pulled her. Just as quickly, the string was cut and she slumped back to her resting place.
Had it worked? Did she still live, or had I sped up her demise? Had I been the one to kill my aunt?
As though the sun’s progression across the sky was retreating, time seemed to reverse itself before my eyes. Like water washing away the dirt, her hair started to shine again. Her grey complexion lightened until she got a healthy blush in her cheeks. Hollowed cheeks became fuller. Her lungs breathed deeper, no longer hindered by the consumption.
Defying the laws of nature, I’d wrestled someone back from the brink of death.
I watched in fascination as life breathed back into her body...like magic.
For the first time since learning my true heritage, I was glad that I’d been born a magician. I’d given someone another chance at life. Think of all the people I could help; all the people I could save.
When I’d first discovered what I was, I’d resented it. I didn’t want to be different. I didn’t want to be special. I didn’t want to be feared by the people of First Kingdom simply because of what I was.
All that had changed, now.
Like the Goddess Herself, I could control who lived or died.
I felt sick at the thought.



Chapter Twenty
Slowly, consciousness returned to my aunt. Flickering eyes finally focused on me and she smiled like she’d just woken from a nap. Looking at her, you wouldn’t have suspected she’d been ill a day in her life. I smiled back at her through the mist blurring my vision.
My uncle’s voice came from the doorway behind us. “Why are there White Magicians surrounding...” His voice trailed off as he laid eyes on his wife, seeing the miracle of her fit and healthy. He froze in shock. The happy cry of my cousin as he stretched towards his mother from his perch on my uncle’s hip finally penetrated his amazement. “Maria,” he whispered, approaching the bed like he feared it was a dream and he’d awaken. “I can’t believe my eyes.” In worship, he sat on the side of the bed, laying a shaking hand tentatively on his wife’s cheek.
I felt awkward—as if I was invading on a very private and personal moment. My uncle’s love shone from his eyes like the brightness from an eclipse. He kissed his wife, a whisper against her lips. Baby Robert wasn’t for being ignored. He gurgled noisily, happily, snuggled between his parents.
“My beautiful boy,” Maria cooed and inhaled the scent of her only child.
“I don’t know how to thank you, Evelyn.” My uncle’s voice uneven, he didn’t look away from my aunt, almost like he feared looking away and she’d disappear.
“It wasn’t I who healed her.” At his confused look, she explained further. “Katelyn did. She’s very powerful. Her first spell, and already she can heal...” If I wasn’t mistaken, Evelyn sounded proud. She sounded like a mother filled with pride of her child’s first steps. I supposed that in terms of my magical knowledge, I was but a child.
“Thank you, Katelyn. I don’t know how to repay you.”
I frowned at that, slightly resentful that my uncle felt I needed to be repaid. She might not have been my biological aunt, but I still loved her. It hadn’t been long ago that I’d believed blood was everything. I’d thought it was a stain that could never be removed, no matter how hard you scrubbed.
Now, I knew different. Blood wasn’t always thicker than water. It didn’t define us.
Straightening my back in pretence of confidence I didn’t feel, I asked, “Is this woman who she says she is?” I already knew the answer; I just needed to hear it said.
All three of them looked at one another in silence before my aunt finally nodded. “Yes, she’s your mother.”
“And my father? Where’s he?”
Again, my aunt and mother shared a look I didn’t understand before Evelyn finally voiced, “Lost,” in a tone full of sorrow.
I looked at the floor at that piece of information. Everything seemed to be happening too quickly. I needed a moment alone to gather the frayed edges of my sanity.
Asking to be excused, I found refuge in the privy chamber at the back of my house. Closing the door behind me, I felt their worried eyes on my back.
The chamber was only a small room, wide enough for maybe three people. It contained a privy, a bowl of fresh water, and a small window to remove the smell. I used the washing bowl to splash water on my face, using the time to try and come to terms with what I’d just done and what I’d learnt. I’d healed my aunt of a sickness that had been days away from killing her. I knew I should feel happy, but I felt shocked to my core.
I wished Rick was here. He would know what to say to make me feel better. Or, he could just kiss me again. That was one way to guarantee I didn’t have a single thought in my head apart from the way his lips felt against mine. How quickly I’d come to crave the sensations only Rick could invoke within me.
To take my mind off my own problems, I imagined what he’d be doing now. Would he be running his hands through his hair in frustration? Maybe he was conversing with his father, using words like “thee” and “belligerence”. My lips curled at the corners. He wasn’t even here and still Rick could make me feel better.
A light tap against glass sounded, so light at first I thought I’d imagined it until it came again.
I turned towards the window. The grimy, little face in the corner of the window made me gasp, startling me so much that I took a step back, placing my hand over my heart, feeling it drum as fast as a scared rabbit’s.
Finally, the identity of the face registered with me. I opened the window and leant out.
“Little Faye,” I breathed on a relieved whisper. “What are you doing here?” Looking up and down the alley my house backed onto, I didn’t see anyone other than Faye. “How did you get past the magicians?” What did it say about my so called “protectors” if a girl of six winters could slip past them?
Seeing the tearstained tracks that had washed through the mud on her face, I was suddenly concerned. “What happened? Why are you crying? Are you hurt?”
Struggling to get a comprehensible word out between the sobs, I tried to soothe her, caressing her cheek and pulling her through the window for a hug when her tears wouldn’t abate.
“T-they—” she stuttered into my chest, her bony shoulders shaking. “B-b-bad men.”
I shushed her, my heart breaking hearing the fear in her voice. “Calm yourself.” I wouldn’t get a lucid word out of her until she controlled her crying. “You’re safe now. No one will hurt you. I promise.”
After a few moments, I’d managed to console her enough that she was no longer sobbing uncontrollably.
“What is it, Faye?”
Her little shoulders were still shaking, but finally she mustered up the strength to speak around her quivering lower lip. “They have Troy!”
“Who does?” I quickly demanded, trying to not let her see how angry I felt towards whoever had done something to my Troy. Has he been caught thieving again?
“Bad men, dressed in black,” she sobbed. “They can make fire with their bare hands. Like...”
“Magic,” I said as my stomach clenched in dread. My worst fear had come to light. The Black Magicians had someone I loved, because of me.
They’d found my weakness. Bait, that’s all Troy was. Even knowing it for the trap it was, I knew I was going to walk straight into it, understanding full well what awaited me. The tidings were bad, and I was afraid, because I knew with absolute certainty what I would do.
I looked from the closed bathroom door to the fearful face of Little Faye. I imagined the terror that Troy must be going through right now.
There wasn’t a decision to be made. I had to get Troy back.
“Where are they?”
“In the c-caves at the edge of the forest.”
Clasping her small hand, I started to lead her from the privy chamber. “Come with me. We have to tell the magicians. They’ll help us get Troy back.”
She dug in her heels, making me halt and spin to face her. For a little thing, she sure had some strength in her. “No! Not the magicians. They’ll use their m-magic on us.”
Her eyes were two saucers in her face. Seeing her terror, my throat closed, not being able to stand the thought of her viewing me that way once she learnt that I was a magician, too. But now wasn’t the time for those worries. Troy was my priority.
Rubbing her arms, I soothed, “You can stay here, then, but I have to tell them what’s happened. They’re very powerful. They can help us.”
She bit her lip but nodded. I hurried from the privy chamber, the wooden door banging against the wall in my haste behind me, but I hardly noticed. I could feel time running out like sand through my fingers.
Troy—alone, scared...hurt.
I found myself running through my house, searching for Evelyn, panicking when she wasn’t in my aunt’s bedroom where I’d left her. I was just about to shout her name when I spotted her stood on the threshold to my house, talking to two male magicians that had escorted us from the castle. I paid the men no heed; my mother was the one I wanted.
Seeing my alarm, Evelyn quickly turned to me, her conversation forgotten. “What’s wrong?” she demanded and in my peripheral vision, I saw sparks, like lightening, jump between her fingers, but it only made me pause for a moment.
“The Black Magicians have Troy. An orphaned boy—only ten winters old,” I panted, the words coming quickly but not making much sense. “He’s being held in the caves at the edge of the forest.” I grasped the sleeve of her cloak in a tight fist, wanting them to take action right now and anxious when no one moved. “We have to help him. We have to do something!”
She prised my fingers off her cloak, assuring me with a hand on my shoulder. “Calm yourself. How did you learn of this?”
Almost bouncing on my toes, I hurried through an explanation of how I knew the orphaned children, of who Troy was, of what Little Faye had just told me.
“That’s unfortunate,” the bearded male magician said, speaking for the first time.
Impatient that we still stood here, wasting time discussing things that didn’t need discussing whilst a child’s life hanged in the balance, I snapped, “What’s unfortunate?”
“That the child was taken.”
Growing desperate to the point that my teeth would be dust if I ground them any harder, I said, “That’s why we have to go to the caves and rescue him.”
The other man piped up, speaking to me like I was too stupid to understand what they said. “The boy is lost. It’s too dangerous to risk going against the Black Magicians for the life of a mortal child." He shook his head in fake remorse. “The boy is lost to you.”
I couldn’t believe my ears. I turned shocked and distrustful eyes on my mother who’d been suspiciously quiet throughout our exchange. I swallowed thickly, seeing my mother’s eyes, not on me, but on the floor.
“Evelyn?”
She answered the question I’d left unsaid. “They’re right, Katelyn. It’s suicide. I...we can’t risk losing you.”
Vigorously shaking my head, I looked at them like they were strangers. “I can’t believe what I’m hearing. What’s the point of being a magician if you won’t use your powers to help people?!” I backed away slowly, knowing I had to find Rick. He’d help me. He had the whole Guard at his command—surely the Black Magicians wouldn’t stand a chance against hundreds of the king’s men. “I need to get back to the Keep. We don’t need your help. We’ll go alone.”
That seemed to spark a reaction out of them—a glance passed between the two men. The one with the beard held his palms up in surrender. “Very well,” he said. “We’ll send a messenger to Prince Aidric henceforth, and with his guards, he can rescue the boy. But in exchange, you must stay here.”
Evelyn blinked like she’d just woken up. “But—”
“Katelyn will be safe,” the other man stated, talking to my mother. “That’s the most important thing. We wouldn’t want anything to happen to her, now, would we?”
I looked from the expressionless faces of the male magicians to my mother’s pale one, seeing she was just as upset about Troy as I was. I’d been too quick to judge, yet again. She does care.
After a few moments in which my mother seemed to be silently arguing with herself, she gave a tiny nod as she lost whatever battle the three magicians had been having.
Glad to be offered some help, finally, I quickly verbalised my agreement of the magician’s plan, knowing that the longer we stood here arguing, the greater the chance that Troy might be hurt. “Tell the messenger to make haste.”
Please, Goddess, watch over them. Rick, his men, possibly even Sawyer and Brayden were about to battle with the Black Magicians. They’ll be fine, I assured myself. Rick’s clever. He’ll know what to do. He’ll be fine.
With my heart in my throat for the people I loved, I left the magicians where I’d found them and slowly walked back to the privy chamber, remembering I’d left Little Faye all alone.
She was in the exact same position as where I’d left her. Wringing her dress in her two little fists, she looked up at me like she had every faith that I’d be Troy’s saviour. I prayed I lived up to her expectations. Kneeling down, I pulled her into my arms, whispering that Troy would be fine, that we’d get him back.
“Shh,” I soothed, holding onto her tighter, wondering if the messenger had reached Rick yet. Was he already donning his chainmail and sword? Please don’t let anything happen to him.
“He cannot go.”
I frowned, looking over my shoulder, expecting to see my mother stood behind me—her voice had been that clear—but the doorway was empty. Even though she’d whispered the words, the thin walls and strange acoustics of my house meant that sound could travel from front to back and still be heard as easily as if I’d been stood next to the speaker.
“You saw how determined she was to go after the boy,” one of the male magicians answered, his voice trying and failing to be just as quiet as my mother’s. “It was either her...or him.”
Soundlessly, I got to my feet, pressing a finger to Little Faye’s lips when a single syllable left her lips. Her or him...
“We cannot stand aside whilst King Edgar’s men, along with his son, walk headfirst towards a battle they have no chance of winning.”
At my mother’s condemning words, my breathing increased and I crept silently closer to the privy chamber door, knowing from memory which floorboards to avoid that squeaked.
“You should be thanking us. Without us to intervene, your daughter would be running towards her death alongside the mortals.”
“What we’ve done is as bad as murder. You know as well as I that only another magician can stand against them and have a chance of winning.”
“The crimson jewel is all that matters,” he said, making me feel like the piece of rock the name implied, his tone stating that his word was final.
Apart from my shaking hands, I stood frozen. I almost didn’t believe what I’d just heard. My mouth was actually watering, nauseated at how...disposable they spoke of Rick’s life. My mother was right—what they’d done was as good as murder. I’d been too naive, too quick to presume that my mother’s hesitation had been because of her fear for Troy instead of what it had actually been—her reluctance to decide between mine and Rick’s life.
As I closed my eyes, I was haunted by the vision of Rick heading towards the caves with the intention of saving Troy, for me, when the reality was he was charging towards his death. He was running down a one-way path, and with my eyes shut, I could picture Rick’s back retreating as he headed down the path that took him away from me forever.
They’d condemned the man I loved to death simply because they didn’t want their precious crimson jewel endangered. I had to do something—anything. I expelled a breath as though pained as my mind struggled to focus through the panic clogging it. I could race to the kingdom and warn him, but I feared I wouldn’t beat the messenger and Rick would already be on the path to the caves. I could try to get my mother alone, beseech her to help me, to help Rick, but I couldn’t risk the other magicians becoming suspicious. They saw Rick’s life as a necessary sacrifice for the greater good. Too bad I’d never see it that way. All it would take was a simple spell cast by them and I’d be incapacitated, then no one would save Rick.
That only left one option. My mother had said that only another magician could face the Black Magicians and have a chance. I drew comfort from the notion—no matter how improbable it might be—that my mother had known I could hear, that she was warning me, advising me on what I had to do to save the man I loved.
I had to reach the caves before Rick.
Some things in life were completely out of our control. No matter how fast you run or how strong you fight, the outcome couldn’t be changed. Some things were set in stone. Unchangeable...unavoidable...destined.
I knew that this was one of those moments. It was destiny that I’d be forced to face this choice.
Rick’s life or mine.
When put like that, there was never a choice to make. To sacrifice myself to save someone I loved—how could I not? Instead of death stalking me, it seemed the roles had been reversed. This time around, I stalked death.
My lashes lifted slowly to reveal my determined glare. Time for action. The longer I waited, the greater the chance that the Black Magicians could do harm to Troy or Rick.
With plans quickly forming in my head, I gripped the wooden privy door so tightly my knuckles turned white, and silently, I shut it. Knowing that a flimsy wooden door wouldn’t stop the magicians from entering if they wanted to, I hoped it might make them pause for a moment longer. That one extra moment could mean the difference.
Quickly, I turned to once again kneel down before Faye. Moving my lips in over exaggerated communication, I barely whispered, “I need your help. I need you to create a distraction.”
Her hair moved as she rapidly shook her head. She mouthed the word, “Magicians.”
Putting my lips to her ear, I said in a low voice, “I need you to be brave for me—for Troy. Can you do that?”
Eyes widening even more with my serious timbre, she bobbed her head slowly. “Are you going to help Troy?”
“Yes,” I assured. “I’ll always come if you need me. Distract them for as long as you can.”
Giving her one last hug goodbye, I stood and approached the window. Sticking my head out, I saw that the alley my house backed onto was empty. I squeezed myself through the window—no small feat given its size. It involved a lot of wriggling and squeezing, but finally I managed to fit my hips through, falling and grazing my hands on the pebbles below as I did so.
Panting with exertion, I knew I had to act fast. Sooner or later—and I was guessing the former—either Evelyn would check on me or the White Magicians would spot me. I had only moments left.
A woman sprinting down the road would draw too much attention, so against my instinct to run, I pulled up my hood to cover my identifiable hair, and stealing a wicker basket off someone’s step, I faked an old woman’s slow, hobbled gait. From a distance, I’d pass for the shopper I pretended to be. It didn’t help my cause that the slums were deserted due to people’s fear of the magicians. I could have tried to lose myself in the crowd, but instead, I had to settle for back alleys and dark shadows.
Using my knowledge of the slums’ layout, I made it to the kingdom’s outer wall without incident or detection. I couldn’t help a guilty glance over my shoulder to see if anyone was following me.
Once past the wall, I quit all pretence of stealth and chucked my basket into the shrubbery, sprinting before it even hit the ground. My hood caught the wind, revealing my red hair racing behind me as it waved a final farewell in my wake. I forced myself to run faster. I could feel time running out like the sand in an hourglass. Fear lived within me, compelling me to stop thinking and to run faster. Because, if I stopped to think, I knew I’d second guess what I was about to do.
Looking behind me, I saw the path I’d forged through the forest. Grass crushed, twigs snapped, footprints in the mud—I couldn’t even afford the time to try and hide my path from any pursuers. I strained to hear any sound of chase, but my galloping heart, my stomping feet and the snapping of branches drowned out everything else. No doubt Evelyn, the White Magicians, Sawyer and Brayden would already be hot on my trail. I winced, imagining the cursing that Rick would voice once he learnt of what I’d done.
The caves that Little Faye meant were located at the end of the forest that surrounded the kingdom. There, cliff faces rose up from the ground like a natural barricade sprouting from the flat land. That’s why First Kingdom had such an advantage against its foes. The only way up or down the rock face was a four day trek around the monstrous things, making it almost impossible to mount a surprise attack.
Like cheese, the precipice was riddled with holes. Cave, caverns and fissures; some so deep no one had ever seen the end of them, nor had they been mapped completely.
Troy would be in one of those caves.
The sun was in a noticeably different position in the sky by the time I slowed to a jog, and finally to a walk. I tried to control my panting, fearing someone close might hear me.
I was nearing; I could feel it in my blood. Just like I’d known that Evelyn was a magician, I could sense their power too. It felt like mist in the air—almost visible, but not quite; like pinpricks on my skin. I found myself glancing down at the back of my hand, making sure the sensation wasn’t real, checking I didn’t have droplets of blood running down my fingers.
Katelyn, it’s all in your head.
I cleared a particularly thick hedge, fighting leaves and twigs, stopping in my tracks once through and I was faced with the deformity in front of me. I blinked disbelieving eyes, so convinced I was that they played tricks on me.
Ahead, the forest was dead.
The life had been sucked out of everything. Like stepping through a curtain into another world, the lush and green foliage was now black and decayed. I touched a dead tree and the once tough bark flaked away beneath my fingertips. It was like a fire had swept through this path—everything remained standing but decimated; like the earth had sucked up all the nutrients and life from the greenery. The blackness was a sharp contrast against the white of the floor.
Like going from summer to winter with a single step, the crunch of leaves underfoot became the creak of snow. It covered the ground like a blanket, whiter than anything I’d ever seen before. I bent to scoop some in my hand, so sure that it couldn’t be real, that it was all in my head.
However, the bite of cold was real, the fluffiness of each flake felt real. Unlike how I normally perceived snow, this wasn’t pretty. This was wrong. Like the Slummer girl had been at the royal ball, it didn’t belong.
Was the snow from the Black Magicians’ magic or had I conjured it? If I could give a representation of my feelings at this moment, they’d be snow. I was cold, frightened...alone.
It was silent—too silent. No trees rustled in the breeze. No scurry of animals across the forest floor. The animals were more in tune with their instincts than I was. Instead of advancing towards the danger, they’d done the sensible thing and ran in the opposite direction. Not even the wind spoke to me. My ears felt plugged; the quiet was deafening in its unnatural suppression, a constant pressure that disorientated the senses. I’d never truly understood what silence was until that moment. Normally, at night, we believe it’s quiet, but that was nothing compared to this. The only sound I could hear was the thumping of my heart as it accelerated in fear.
Terror like I’d never known it before consumed me. This wasn’t right. Not natural, my mind screamed at me as shivers slithered down my spine. I kept looking behind me, certain that someone was breathing down my neck, that someone was watching me...
Adrenaline coursed through my veins. My fight or flight reflex was kicking in. How much I wanted to flee. Only the thought of Troy, scared, and the fear of Rick dying in a futile mission kept me going. Slowly placing one foot in front of the other, I followed the dead path through the Goddess forsaken forest.
Ahead of me, a huge, round hole in the rocky landscape appeared. The cave. Great. As if I’m not scared enough, now I have to contend with the dark.
Eyes wide, I compelled myself to continue on. I’d only taken a single step inside before the gloom consumed me, and like a burning lamp fading, the light extinguished until I was abandoned in the dark. I couldn’t see my own hand in front of my face. My breathing sounded too loud to my ears. Apart from that, the only thing I heard was the occasional trickle of water running down the cave walls. The air felt saturated as I inhaled; I could taste the dampness; it tasted metallic...like blood.
I kicked an unseen rock, and silently cursing, I froze. The clatter echoed back to me, the sound overlapping each other as it repeatedly rebounded. It took a moment for it to dissipate fully, illustrating how very massive the cave was.
I continued on, deeper and deeper. The air got thicker and the sound of running water became louder. It felt like I’d been travelling for a long time before a light up ahead penetrated the darkness.
This is it. The light was my destination...my fate.
The narrow confinement of the passageway gave way to a huge, circular cavern. I pressed myself against the wall, hiding in the shadows, hoping not to be seen as I tried to stay as still as mortally possible.
Around the perimeter of the cave, tree branches were used as burning torches, creating the only light.
My eyes wide, I quickly scanned the area, looking for the imposing danger. The Black Magicians were nowhere to be seen. Were they distracted? Had Faye been wrong? Had it not been the Black Magicians that had kidnapped Troy?
A slight movement to my right caught my eye and I jumped, my throat closing on the scream that wanted to escape.
My breath exploded out of me as I realised it wasn’t the Black Magicians, but Troy, sat on the dusty floor, bound to a stone column, his hands behind his back. I breathed a silent sigh of relief, seeing him unharmed, awake...and alone.
I ran, skidding in the dust, desperate to reach him before his captors returned. I didn’t even slow my mad dash when I neared Troy, just colliding into his side. Frantically, I worked the knots that bound his arms behind his back, cursing my clumsy fingers that refused to work fast enough.
Troy’s head whipped around, showing me his scared but otherwise unharmed face. “Katelyn,” he whispered. “It’s a trap. You shouldn’t have come.”
I shushed him, not wanting to acknowledge the obvious truth of his statement, wishing with everything that I’d brought a knife.
Almost like my wishing had called upon my magic, the air became condensed, practically visible, swishing and cutting the rope clean like a blade would do. Trying not to marvel at what I’d just done without a conscious decision to, I yanked Troy to his feet. “Come on,” I urged, pushing him back the way I’d come in. The flicker of the torches’ flame cast our shadows onto the rocky ground, taunting us as they menacingly distorted our outlines, silently screaming our presence.
“Faster.”
My panicked breathing drowned out the word as I chased after Troy. Too easy. The ease of our escape was terrifying, a gnawing fear that kept growing in intensity. Something’s wrong.
At the mouth of the round cavern where it became the tunnel that led the way to freedom, I collided with an unseen obstruction. My breath exploded out of me at the impact and my lip split. Like a pane of glass, I could see through it but I couldn’t pass through, no matter how hard I tried.
Troy continued on, unhindered, as I frantically felt for any weakness to the invisible wall barring my way.
He turned, noticing I hadn’t followed. “What are you doing? We have to go!”
I felt around with flattened palms, but, like an unseen door, my path was completely barred. With balled up fists, I banged against the barrier, swallowing the copper taste of blood from my lip.
Too late, I comprehended my mistake. It felt like cold water being poured over my head. The Black Magicians didn’t care if I rescued Troy. No one guarded him because it wasn’t necessary.
They’d made certain that once I’d entered, I couldn’t leave.
My little pickpocket took a step closer as his eyes widened in distress. “Katelyn?” There was a quiver in his voice. Gone was the cocky lad I knew; instead he showed his youth—a child terrified.
Determined to protect him whilst I still could, I commanded, “Run, Troy. Run!”
He hesitated.
“Please...”
He ran.
Goddess, protect him. I rested my head against the invisible obstruction, trying to dredge up courage from the bottom of my soul.
Turning slowly, like a person condemned to the gallows, I faced my fate.



Chapter Twenty-One
The devil’s greatest achievement was making the world believe he was only a myth.
The dark shadows were deceiving. Things present go unseen; colours change and shapes contort. How did I decide what was real and what was only my imagination?
They appeared out of nowhere, separating themselves from the shadows.
We’d never been alone.
Pressing my back against the invisible wall, I felt cornered. Was this how a rabbit felt, knowing it was about to die? It seemed cruel, like I’d been the defenceless animal and they, the hunters, had been toying with me, and tricking me into believing I had a chance of escape.
Draped in black cloaks from head to foot, they had no features. White hands—that was all I could see. Their facelessness made it all the more terrifying; I couldn’t look into their eyes and search for even a flicker of humanity.
“Red Magician,” one of them hissed as he stepped forwards, breaking rank. “We’ve been searching a very long time for you.”
“What do you want?” I knew what they wanted, but the sound of my own voice was slightly comforting.
“Why, your blood, of course.” And with a flicker of his fingers, my wrists and ankles were yanked together by invisible hands. Ropes slithered across the floor towards me, possessed. Curving around my legs like snakes, they bound me. A lone serpent wound up my body and across my arms to bind my wrist. I fought, but it was pointless. They were too powerful. I lost my balance and fell to my knees, wincing at the sound.
The Black Magicians parted like a stream through a field. The one that had spoken to me—the leader, I guessed—indicated towards me with a nod of his head. Two of the Black Magicians grabbed me under my arms and dragged me deeper into the cave.
I fought as a matter of pride, but they were too strong. I tried to dig my heels into the dusty floor, but it did nothing. Pointless as it might seem, I refused to go without a fight.
In the pit of my stomach, I knew what awaited me. I raised my head. If I was about to die, I wouldn’t leave this world begging to be saved. I wouldn’t give these monsters the satisfaction.
Licking my cut lip, I felt my resolve weaken, the blood draining from my cheeks at the sight before me. I swallowed around the constriction in my throat. A rectangular stone slab, carved with symbols and shapes, raised by arched pillars, waited for me. About three foot in width and six in length, the object was the perfect size for someone to sleep on—or for someone to be tied to.
With a stab of dread, I realised it was a sacrificial altar.
Desperately, I tried to back away, but the magicians simply picked me up, forcing me to lie on my back on the altar. The stone was unnaturally cold against my skin. Stretching my arms and legs out in the opposite directions, I was left completely and shamefully exposed. I arched my back, pulling my arms and legs, tugging so hard that the ropes dug into my skin and started to burn, but it was pointless.
I was a prisoner to their whims.
The leader stepped forwards. “Your innocence calls to us, just like your power does. You’re so pure; it’s bound to be an irresistible attraction for those who walk the path of darkness. Wickedness always seeks redemption, even as the shadows seek the light.”
Was he seriously trying to excuse himself? “There is no redemption for one such as you,” I spat, trying to portray confidence and hide the quiver in my voice. I clenched my fists to keep the building fear at bay, my knuckles scraping on the stone I laid on.
He ignored me. “We’ve searched for years. Imagine our surprise when instead of being hidden with a powerful White Magician like we’d thought, you’re here—on the land that fears magic—alone and unprotected. Ripe for the picking,” he said, making me shudder as he trailed his finger down the side of my face.
I turned my head away in disgust, trying to dislodge the offending appendage.
He chuckled darkly. “You made it easy for us—pathetically easy. When the mortals failed to capture you, even with the hundred gold coins as enticement, we watched you, looking for your weakness. You are only as strong as your greatest weakness. I hope these pathetic children appreciate their usefulness in identifying yours.”
The Black Magicians surrounded us in a perfectly formed circle. Was the shape significant? Didn’t magicians use circles to contain and amplify their magic? I briefly closed my eyes at that frightening thought. Feeling where I could reach with shaking fingers, I noticed how someone had carved grooves into the stone altar. They ran all over the surface like tiny, shallow valleys used to collect water....or blood.
“We watched your mother,” the faceless leader continued as I only half listened. My concentration was on possible ways to get myself out of this deadly situation. I was coming up with nothing. “We waited for her to yield—what mother could go without seeing her child for more than twenty years?—but she never did. She either loves you very much or she doesn’t love you at all.”
Anger came over me, replacing my fear. “You don’t know anything about my mother!”
His chuckle was cold and cruel. “Oh, but I do. I know more than you can possibly imagine.” Flipping back his hood, he finally revealed his face. I flinched, expecting to see what I’d imagined a Black Magician would look like. But, to my surprise, he looked like any other normal man I’d pass on the street—sort of...average.
He didn’t have withered, skeleton like features. No soul sucking black eyes. No blood dripping from his mouth. Instead, he was simply a plain looking man. He even had the slightest dusting of grey in his hairline. Maybe two scores of years ago, he’d have even been considered handsome.
He gazed down at me with smug satisfaction. “You see, I knew your mother in a previous life. We were...close. But once I let the darkness in, she turned her back on me.”
“Can you blame her?”
Black Magicians weren’t born this way—they chose it. I wasn’t naive; I knew there was potential for darkness within all of us. What made a person “good” was their decision to reject that darkness.
“You’re so much like her.” He mournfully shook his head. “She never knew when to keep her mouth shut, either.”
The way he spoke of my mother—there was a familiarity there. I tried to use that to my advantage. “You knew my mother once, and still you’d hurt her daughter? If you felt anything for her, you’d let me go.”
He shushed me as if I was a misbehaving child. “What once was between your mother and I has long since been lost. Just like I’ve been lost. Once the barrier into Hell has been breached, there’s no going back. There’s no going back for you either, Katelyn.” He said my name like he was caressing it. It was frightening, and frankly creepy, how he took possession of such a public article and managed to make it intimate—as though my name belong to him and him alone.
He touched me with a single finger on my arm.
The touch should have been innocent, meaningless, insignificant, but it wasn’t. Where his finger trailed across my skin, there was a slicing pain like he’d just cut me with a blade. I whipped my head to see a tiny cut, only as big as my nail, marring my otherwise perfect skin. Blood welled up and ran down the side of my arm onto the altar below me.
Is that it? Is that all they want?
At the first appearance of the crimson liquid, the surrounding magicians stirred in hunger like wolves over a carcass.
“It begins,” my cutter said and the circle of Black Magicians started to chant.
He didn’t hold a blade of any kind, but as he continued to touch me, more cuts appeared. As his touches continued, so did the cuts. Deep burning pain covered my entire arm. Through blurred eyes, I looked to check I wasn’t actually on fire. It hurt so much that I had to bite my lip to keep the scream inside.
I couldn’t stand it for much longer. I tried to call on my magic like I’d done in the king’s court, like I’d done to cut the rope binding Troy, but nothing happened. Either my fear or pain muted my magic. The pain consumed my thoughts until I couldn’t think straight to focus on anything else.
At the next deep cut, I screamed. My scream amplified as the caves echoed it back to me. Bead after bead of crimson liquid rolled down my skin.
Soon, to my shame, I started to beg. I felt weak and defenceless as tears of pain rolled down my cheek to mix with my blood. They watched on as I writhed in pain. I hated them just as much as I hated the pain. Bound in ropes of torture, I screamed at them to stop.
But, they didn’t.
“I know it hurts, Katelyn,” the leader soothed as he finished with the second arm, and he moved to start on my leg. “It’ll be over soon.” I almost welcomed death at that point—anything to escape the torment. It burned—oh, how it burned.
More touches...more cuts.
Through dazed eyes, I surveyed the mutilation done to my arms. Lots and lots of little cuts covered my skin, all oozing blood. The image of the deer I’d seen when I’d met Jeremiah flashed into my mind. Its skin had looked like mine, only with a few hundred more cuts.
My eyes bleared as the pieces clicked together. Oh, Goddess. I prayed it wasn’t true.
But, of course, it was. The Black Magicians had mutilated that poor animal in a magical sacrifice. I knew enough about Black Magicians to know that their own magic wasn’t enough. They would murder animals—even people—to steal their life’s energy, drain them until the body was an empty shell.
Like the devil’s legend, they stole in a futile attempt to fill the eternal void of hunger that could never be sated. Once you got a taste of power, it was never enough.
What had Evelyn said? There’s magic in your blood. She’d even burned my dress to destroy the blood staining it when I’d been stabbed. The amount of blood on the dress was nothing compared to the amount pooling on the altar now. Eight pints of freshly spilled blood... I could only imagine how drenched in magic that must be.
These Black Magicians wanted to drain me dry. Akin to water in a desert, my blood was sacred. And they had it.
The tendons in my neck bulged, my back arching as the man that had known my mother nicked a vein in my thigh. My head felt light with the loss of more blood. It was everywhere. The fight, like my blood, drained out of me. Like a bird spreading its wings for the first time, I flew.
Shaking to clear my vision as everything went hazy, my head rolled to the side and I struggled to focus on the altar I laid on.
The colour was fascinating. Like streams merging with a river, the little grooves flowed with my blood, all converging together. The stone altar bathed in it. Distantly, I noticed it was the same colour as the hair spread around my head. Flowing together, the tiny furrows in the altar merged together into a miniature river, like the branches of a tree fusing to its trunk. I watched its slow progression, wondering how much blood it would take to push the river over the edge. How much did I have to lose before dying? Would I recognise the final pulse as my heart gave out? Each beat felt like my last, and I only breathed again when the next one sounded.
The click of metal on stone was heard as my tormenter put a goblet on the floor for my blood to run into. A droplet of my blood hung over the side of the altar, and like time had frozen, it suspended for what felt like an eternity. Finally, it fell prey to its own weight, soundlessly plunging through the air to drip as it hit the bottom of the cup. It sounded loud, louder than a single drop of water normally sounded like.
I was disgusted at the significance of the chalice. Did they plan to drink my blood?
They truly were monsters.
Drip...
“When we possess your power, we’ll burn First Kingdom—and everyone within it—to the ground,” I heard from a distance away. “We’ll be unstoppable.”
Why gloat? His gloating was entirely self-serving. He wanted even the last moments of my consciousness to bear witness to his twisted plans. I’m dying—you’re taking my life. Isn’t that enough? You want my peace, too?
The fear was a living, breathing entity inside me. It grew until it crippled me; fear of pain; of dying; fear of what they’d do once they’d bled me of every last drop and stole my power; fear for the people they’d hurt; and the crushing realisation that I‘d never see Rick again. Our love had only just blossomed, and yet, it was destined to be crushed like a rose in an iron fist. Never again would I get to be in Rick’s arms. I regretted how little time we’d had together, to learn everything there was to learn about each other. I grieved for the things left unsaid, the experiences we’d never share.
One day, he’d become the best king First Kingdom had ever had—I just wished I could have stood beside him.
Closing my eyes, I dredged up a picture of Rick—messy, blonde hair; emerald green eyes that softened in love or hardened in lust every time he looked at me; strong, chiselled cheekbones; soft lips that curled in a smile meant only for me.
Drip, drip, drip...
I didn’t think it possible to feel anything other than the fear or pain, but when I thought of how much these magicians had stolen from me, anger consumed me. They’d stolen my life, my future...everything.
My anger summoned a turbulent force that fought for freedom. It started in the pit of my stomach and wormed its way to every inch of my body. I felt as though every cell within me vibrated with an energy fighting for the opportunity to explode. You are not worthy of my blood. You are not worthy of my power. Like a wild, feral dog yanking at the leash, it begged to be let go.
So I did.
The chalice that was filling with my blood suddenly burst into flames. The blood that soaked my clothes, my hair, the altar, spontaneously erupted like oil I’d just put a flame to.
Shocked, the magicians scrambled back, breaking the circle as the flames surrounding me—like a corpse on a funeral pyre—grew higher and higher. They backed away warily. Only my tormenter, the leader, stood his ground. I decided, then, that he would be the last to be punished. A quick death would be too lenient. For what he’d done, he deserved to suffer—just like he’d made me suffer.
The fire flicked and caressed my skin. It didn’t hurt—quite the contrary. The flames made me feel powerful, invincible. My consciousness darkened, becoming singularly focussed, and all I wanted—more than anything I’d wanted before in my life—was to make them pay for what they’d done to me.
I was their judge and I’d judged them guilty.
In some rational part of my brain, I knew that these thoughts, these impulses, were wrong. They didn’t belong to me; evil had taken possession of my body. I didn’t care about anything other than their destruction. They will pay.
My blood burned away until there was nothing left to burn. The ropes binding my wrists and ankles disintegrated into ash, yet I remained unharmed. My skin didn’t blister or burn. The fire was a part of me, just like my arm or leg, it simply belonged to me. The flames were living entities that I controlled.
Slowly, I sat up. There was no need to hurry—they wouldn’t escape. Of that I was sure.
The cuts that covered my skin knitted back together like the petals of a flower closing at night. I watched as the cuts covering my arms and legs faded away until all that remained was smooth skin.
My vision became shades of red and orange as though someone had placed rose-tinted glasses in front of my eyes. The brown stone of the cave became a muddy orange; the white stone of the altar became pink; my skin became red.
“Her eyes,” one of them hissed in panic as he edged away from me. “Look at her eyes!”
I looked down at the puddle of molten metal that had once been the chalice; lava, bubbling with heat. The liquid metal acted as a mirror and cast my reflection back to me. It took me a moment to realise that the person staring back at me was...me.
The flames of Hell blazed in my eyes, glowing orange and red with flickering flames that engulfed my irises, like the doorway to my soul burned uncontrollably—an inferno. I didn’t feel any surprise or shock at my morphed appearance. My normal emotions were muted, and instead, all that remained was hate, vengeance and a need to punish.
The more and more my thoughts darkened, the closer I came to the edge of no return. I felt myself approaching it. All it would take was one single step and I’d never have to feel pain or fear again. I’d be unstoppable.
As if sensing the barely contained fury that vibrated through me, all the Black Magicians, except the leader, turned tail and fled. What does it say about me that the Black Magicians fear me?
I couldn’t let them get away—I wouldn’t. Gone were my beliefs in mercy and second chances. I felt like my thoughts weren’t my own anymore. The twisted thoughts that consumed me belonged to another, not me.
Throwing my hands towards the tunnel down which the magicians had made their escape, I revelled in the jets of flames erupting from my palms. I was a dragon—I would roar. The two spouts of fire illuminated the cave in the colours of the setting sun. It could almost be beautiful if not for the screams of the Black Magicians as the fire licked at their heels. There was no ash, soot or smoke. This fire wasn’t natural, it didn’t need something to burn to live—I was the one who fed it.
The fire was a rage that roared its fury at those that stood in its way. It was deafening. The ground shook like the loudest thunder rumbling the earth. Some people believed that thunder was the Goddess’ rage vocalised—Her rage was nothing compared to mine.
The power surging through my body was addictive and I wanted more. Pushing the flames further, the fire hotter, I listened to their agony, their dying screams. Their pleas. Only when they were silent did I lower my palms. I turned slowly toward the last remaining Black Magician, a smirk twisting my lips.
The man stood before me, the one that had wanted to steal this euphoric invincibility from me, was now but a bug beneath my shoe...easily squashed.
I held up my palm towards him. I wanted him to look into my demonic eyes whilst he died and for him to know I’d been the one to end his existence. I felt more like an animal than a human; I reacted on instinct rather than conscious thought. Feral. Although, contrary to the animal I felt like, I was so removed from nature I didn’t recognise myself as one of the Goddess’ creatures.
He struggled to remain standing under the intensity of the fire’s heat. Even as his skin blistered and the ends of his hair singed, he seemed to enjoy my display of power. I’d pleased him.
“Embrace the darkness, Katelyn,” he implored. “It’s in your blood. Let it in. Once you do, you’ll be unstoppable.”
In some distant part of my mind, buried far beneath the burning darkness that claimed me, an innocent version of myself screamed at this monster that I’d become. She told me to stop, that I’d regret the sinful acts that I committed. But that small angel sitting on my shoulder was thwarted by the crazed woman who relished in the power rushing through her veins.
“Feel the power, Katelyn…glory in your strength. You’ll never feel weak or defenceless again. You will rule...”
Rule—the word sparked a memory. Why would that particular word make me pause from doing what he said? What I wanted to do? I craved like an addict to let the darkness in. Powerful as I was now, I wanted more. I wanted everything.
But something was making me hesitate. Once I crossed that line, there’d be no going back. I’d lose something I didn’t want to lose—I just couldn’t remember what that something was.
“Katelyn!”
The cry of my name was like a distant memory fighting to resurface. The owner of that voice was someone I should know, yet couldn’t remember. Like trying to hold a cloud, my mentally grasping fingers caught nothing. But my mind didn’t have to remember, because my emotions did.
Hunger—and not the type that had desired for the Black Magicians’ deaths—but one that craved a substance only the owner of that voice could provide. Passion, foreign to the passion for the darkness I currently yearned for, but no less powerful.
Love...
When the cry of my name came again, I realised the voice wasn’t a memory, but a living, breathing person shouting my name with a familiarity I couldn’t ignore. The cry of my name called right to my buried emotions. Despite the brightness of the flames, it seemed to light up the cave even more.
Turning towards the entrance of the cave, there stood the apparition of my struggling memory. I didn’t recognise his face—a face contorted in horror, not at my demon-like eyes or the unholy fire that still churned around me like a cloak, but in fear...for me...of me.
“Put out the fire!” he ordered the woman stood next to him, not taking his eyes away from me, just as I couldn’t take mine away from his.
“I can’t. That’s no ordinary fire. She’s gone too far. The darkness—it’s claimed her.”
Shaking his head in denial, the stranger confidently grasped his drawn sword like he alone could defeat the fire, defeat the darkness. “Katelyn,” he said quietly, but I heard him. Even above the crackle of the flames, I heard him. “Come back to me. Remember, we all have a choice.” He took a step forward only to retreat from the heat. “Choose me,” he begged.
I shivered at his words.
“She’s gone too far,” the woman said again. “There’s no getting her back.”
“Like father, like daughter,” the one remaining Black Magician taunted, looking at me like he worshipped me, enthralled with my display of unnatural power. “She’s a beautiful creature. Deadly...but beautiful.”
“You’ve already taken so much from her,” the woman shouted at man in reply, murder darkening her face. “Her mother, her father... I won’t let you take her sanity!”
“Katelyn’s father was lost to you long before his death. I only helped him along the path. He was weak—the darkness was too much for him, consuming him.”
“You killed her father!”
No, I silently screamed. I don’t want to be a monster. I refused to be like the person in their fight. The darkness pulled at me, promises of unstoppable power; of complete dominance above all else. Over all else. I, alone, would rule.
Alone...
The world was a lonely place. To fully possess the supreme, euphoric power coursing through my veins, I’d have to give up everything...including myself. My waking hours would mirror my dreaming ones—alone.
Looking into the green eyes of the strange man I didn’t recognise, I swallowed, already grieving for a life lost. If I gave into the darkness that warred within me, the thing I’d lose...was him. My breath laboured as I beat the darkness into submission. I choose him... I choose Rick.
Like I’d been dowsed in water, the fires extinguished. As weak as a newborn baby, my knees gave out beneath me, but Rick caught me in his strong arms before I hit the ground. So cold, I shivered. If not for Rick’s body heat, I’m certain I’d have turned blue. I held onto him tighter, never wanting to let go. How close I’d come to losing him. Forgetting him. With every breath of Rick’s musky scent, I drew him in. I wanted to say a prayer of thanks to the Goddess. Maybe She’d watched over me, lent me strength to hold on only a little bit longer, until Rick, my soul mate, my only love, could come for me—as I knew he’d always come for me.
Silent tears touched my bared shoulder where his head pressed against my neck.
“I choose you.” I’d always choose him.
“We have him.”
Over Rick’s shoulder, I saw that the speaker was a member of the King’s Guard. Looking at the spot I’d last seen the leader of the Black Magicians, I started to panic, seeing he’d escaped, until the guard’s words finally registered. I breathed again, safe, for now.
My mother came to kneel beside me, and I recognised her as the woman who’d been speaking, the one who’d told Rick I was too far gone towards the darkness to help. Rick, still silent and still refusing to relinquish me from his arms—not that I was complaining—ignored her, tightening his arms like he feared she’d try to take me from him.
She laid a comforting hand on my shoulder. “Are you alright, Katelyn?” It felt like more than a simple query.
“I am,” I assured. “Just drained.”
She nodded knowingly. “That type of display of power will deplete your energy. I can help you control your powers so it won’t happen like that again.” She turned hesitant suddenly, looking at the floor rather than me. “Only if you’d like that, of course. I’d like to...stay in First Kingdom. To teach you how to use your magic, if you wish it.”
I knew what she was asking. Now that the danger was gone, there was no reason for her to still be here in Atlainia. But she was asking to stay, here with me, to be the mother she’d been robbed of for twenty-three years.
“I’d like that.” Not just for her benefit, but for my own, I wanted her to stay.
“You’ve shown great restraint, my daughter,” she praised through a proud mist of tears. “It takes someone of strong heart to come back from that point.”
I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “I must have gotten it from my mother.”
Just as quickly, my happiness disappeared as I remembered what I’d done. “I’ve killed people.” I wanted to be sick with the memory. Rick dug his fingers into my hair, caressing me, comforting me without words.
My mother’s lips pressed together. “If you hadn’t killed them first, they’d have killed you.”
“No,” I corrected. “They were running away—from me.”
“They came here to kill you.”
I rubbed my forehead. “That doesn’t make it right.”
“No,” she agreed, “but your regret does. If you’d truly given into the darkness, you wouldn’t be filled with this remorse.”
It scared me, the person I’d been. The person I could be again.
How it had intoxicated me. Now that I’d gotten a taste of the darkness, the lure still called to me, buried deep within the bottom of my soul. Below my love for Rick, concealed underneath all my beliefs of right and wrong, hidden within me, the darkness churned, still bubbling, already building.
The power was addictive—would I succumb to the addictive feeling of absolute power? How was I expected to rule beside Rick when the temptation of power was like a sweet drug that I already craved more of? And if I did give in to the darkness again, who would stop me? Who could stop me?
I refused to be that monster again. I made a promise to myself, then—I’d rather die than release onto the world the destructive thing I’d been. The lives of many far outweighed the life of one.
Held by Rick, safe for now, I wished that day never came to be. I wished that I never had to make that choice. But, as long as I had Rick to live for, I would stay strong.
I would fight.



Chapter Twenty-Two
I worried that Rick still hadn’t said a word. Barely contained emotions simmered beneath the surface like a volcano waiting to erupt. I could feel his tense muscles, constantly flexing and relaxing.
“Rick? Everything’s alright now,” I tried to reassure him, hugging him tighter. “The Black Magicians are gone. They can’t hurt us anymore.”
“Shh, woman,” he said through gritted teeth. Never before had I heard that tone from Rick, especially directed towards me. It was both anger and trepidation. A few moments of silence later, his tone softened on a sigh. “Let’s get you out of here.”
With an arm behind my back, and one beneath my knees, he easily stood, cradling me against his chest. I marvelled at his strength.
My knight in shining armour. He’d braved the Black Magicians to save me. He’d called me back from the edge of darkness. And now, like I was a damsel in distress, he carried me out of the gloomy caves, out into the light of day. If I’d had the energy I would have objected to being carried, but I didn’t, so instead I simply enjoyed the experience.
I didn’t want to see—I didn’t want to remember the unnatural snow or the dead forest so I tucked my head against Rick’s chest and closed my eyes. I’d been strong for Troy. Now, I let Rick be strong for me.
The steady beat of his heart soothed me like nothing else could. He carried me for a long while, not once releasing me as he shouted orders and commands to the members of the King’s Guard he’d brought with him from the kingdom. By the tone of his voice, I imagined them all scurrying to do his bidding. He wasn’t a man to be denied.
Once satisfied, he carried me a short distance away from everyone else. I heard the babble of a stream getting louder the closer we got. It was a calming sound, like wind chimes blowing tunelessly in the breeze.
A bed of leaves which had fallen from a massive oak tree covered the ground. Rick, deciding it was the perfect spot for what he had in mind, sat down on the spongy ground, cradling me on his lap like I was a child. Heaving a sound of what sounded like relief, his body seemed to wilt and finally rest. He lent his back against the tree’s trunk, tipping his head back and closing his eyes.
He looked like a man who’d been pushed to the edge and was slowing dragging himself back towards his sanity, one slow hand stretch at a time.
There was a sweet scent in the air and I searched to find the source. A wild red rose bush stretched on either side of the tree we sat under. A companion of sorts, as if the tree had become lonely in the hundreds of years it had stood tall, and the roses had taken mercy on the tree and grown next to it. Companions of the unusual and unexpected kind. Two opposites—and yet so perfect together.
Just like Rick and me.
“Is Troy alright? Did he make it out?”
Slowly, Rick dipped his head to look me in the eye. After watching me with those hypnotic eyes of his, he finally answered, “Aye, the lad is fine. We came across him on our way to you. He told us where to find you.”
A sigh of relief came from me. “I’m glad he wasn’t hurt.”
He shook his head in exasperation. “They never wanted him. It was always you they wanted.”
What could I say to that? We both knew why I’d knowingly walked into their trap.
“That’s twice now you’ve put yourself in danger—on purpose, no less.”
“I couldn’t just leave him there,” I retorted, knowing I wasn’t just talking about Troy, but Rick, too. “I couldn’t do nothing.”
“I know,” he murmured, his exhalation stirring the hair near my ear, “but you should have trusted me. I would have saved the boy. I should have been the one to face the Black Magicians.”
My eyebrows rose. “Why? Because you’re a man, and I’m just a defenceless woman? As you saw in there”—I nodded my head in the direction I thought the caves were—“with these new powers, I’m anything but helpless.”
He looked mildly offended, as if what I’d said was an insult. “No, I didn’t mean because I’m a man,” he argued intently. “I should have been the one to face the Black Magicians because I love you.”
My cheeks hurt with the smile that stretched across it. “I love you, too.”
“Good,” he said throatily, resting his chin on my shoulder and running his fingers along my palm. My stomach clenched at the innocent gesture. “Will you promise me something?” When I nodded, he continued. “Will you stop trying to get yourself killed? I can’t marry you if you’re dead.”
“I wasn’t trying to get myself—” Shivers ran down my spine—the good kind of shivers—when his words finally registered. “What did you just say?”
He touched my chin, drawing my face around to his. Only the smallest space separated us. “Marry me, Katelyn.” It wasn’t a question. Not that I expected a question. When Rick wanted something, he took it—guess it was the prince in him. He was used to getting want he wanted.
I hadn’t misheard him. I hadn’t imagined or dreamt it. He’d seriously just said he wanted me to marry him.
When I spoke it came out as a whisper. “What about your father?”
He cocked an eyebrow. “What about him? Unless you’re planning to marry him instead, we’ve got nothing to worry about.”
I lightly punched him in the shoulder. How could he jest at a time like this?
Finally, after his chuckles had subsided, he said in all seriousness, “My father likes you, Katelyn.”
“How do you know?”
“When I told him I planned to marry you, he grunted.”
I paused, waiting for the rest of his explanation. When he failed to elaborate, I said, “That’s it? You know he approves of me by a grunt?” Can men seriously be so unforthcoming?
“I once told you that one day you’d meet the king and he’d see in you the same thing I did.”
“And what did you both see?”
He tapped the end on my nose. “We saw you.”
Though I wanted, more than anything, to say yes, to marry Rick and spend the rest of our lives together, my doubts wouldn’t be ignored. I became sad thinking of all the ramifications it would cause, a prince marrying a servant. “No one will accept us; the royals; the people of First Kingdom; everyone. You’ll lose all respect because you married a Slummer.” I swallowed around the constriction in my throat. “You need someone of class and noble blood. Someone...like Lady Olivia.”
“Surely you’re not doubting your worth? You, who singlehandedly defeated the Black Magicians without a scratch to show for it? You, who saved your aunt’s life, even when your mother, a powerful magician, couldn’t? You, who cared for the orphans when no one else would?” Perplexed, he shook his head. “How can you not know how special you are?”
Touched though I was at his words, it didn’t change the facts. “People will rebel against you, against me. They won’t be ruled by a peasant magician. They’ll fear me.”
“For someone so opinionated, you can be so obtuse. You don’t believe your own opinions when they relate to you. I remember what you said, that first day in the Keep. ‘Would you rather die in battle for someone you respected, or would you rather die because your king ordered you to?’ The people will respect you because you care about them. Think of how strong First Kingdom will be with a magician protecting it.”
When I remained unconvinced, he said with even more conviction, “Together, we’ll make this kingdom a place people will be proud to call home. Think of all the people you could help as princess. You could open healing houses, use your powers to heal people that others can’t. Open schools and orphanages so children like Troy and Little Faye have a safe home, so they have a chance at a future. Think of everything you’d change, all the things you’d help to make better.” What had started off as an argument ended almost as a plea.
Even though I tried to squash my excitement, I couldn’t. Rick held all my dreams in the palm of his hand. All I had to do was reach out and take it. “I doubt your father will like having two magicians living in First Kingdom,” I said, referring to me and my mother.
He brushed a piece of stray hair behind my ear. “He doesn’t have a choice. I’m not letting you go, and neither, it would seem, is your mother.”
I couldn’t contain my joy anymore. I smiled in utmost happiness; happiness the likes I’d only ever dreamt about. “It would seem that you’re stuck with me, then.”
Peering at me through those long lashes of his, he huskily said, “What am I going to do with you?”
“Love me? Worship me? Spend the rest of your life with me?”
His dimples showed in his cheeks. “Sounds like a plan to me.” He reached over and pulled a single red rose off the wild bush. He held it beneath my nose and I breathed in its sweet scent. It felt like silk against my skin. Here, with the music of the stream, the shine of the sun, the scent of the beautiful rose, in the arms of the man I loved wholeheartedly, I could die happy knowing I’d found true contentment.
Running the pad of his index finger over the rose’s petals, he murmured, “You remind me of this rose. Beauty, passion, love—perfect by nature. From the dirt, you blossomed.” Pricking his finger on the rose’s natural weapon, he continued soberly. “But you’re also as fierce as the thorns that grow on its stem.” He trailed the flower down the bridge of my nose. “Whether people call you Katelyn, the Red Magician or even the crimson jewel, it doesn’t matter. A rose by any other name would still smell as sweet. I’ll just call you mine.”
What sweet surrender it was to relinquish my lips to his. It was a kiss filled with promises of the future, a life to be lived together. I thanked the Goddess for bringing this man into my life. Fate had truly blessed me.
He traced my lips with his. I ran my hand up his arm, up the side of his neck, to caress the side of his face. One of us trembled, but I couldn’t be sure which one of us it was. Maybe we both did.
When we separated, he whispered my name in reverence.
“Mine.”
Here, at this moment, I believed in fairy tales and happy endings. I believed that true love could defeat all obstacles, no matter how great. With Rick, I lived the impossible. Some people said that life was for living—and that was what I intended to do.
But, regardless of what Rick said, I knew we had an even bigger battle yet to face. No one would accept me as the princess of First Kingdom. Not only would I be a magician on Atlainian soil, but I’d be a Slummer pretending to be a royal. People would see me as the fake I felt I was. In their eyes, I wouldn’t have earned it. A royal, like Rick, was someone who’d been born into their position. Since meeting Rick, Dante and King Edgar, I’d come to realise that, yes, lineage had written their destiny before they’d been born, but that didn’t mean they didn’t deserve it. With blood and sweat, they’d earned it.
Being a royal was a life sentence; one, that once you’d accepted, could never be undone. Do I want that for my life?
Currently, I could do what I wanted. I could be who I wanted. If I wanted to curse as heartily as a sailor, I could, and there wouldn’t be any repercussions for doing so. If I wanted to put on men’s trousers and climb trees with the orphans, no one would look twice. Well...they might look twice—men’s trousers shaped to a woman’s derriere wasn’t something you saw everyday—but I’d just call them a pervert and keep climbing. My words and actions wouldn’t cause a shockwave to surge through the kingdom.
If Rick thought people would simply accept me as a royal then the man needed his head examining by a healer. He was delusional.
I’d fought so many battles, so many hardships, so many struggles; did I want to take on anymore? Could I handle it?
But, then, how could I live with myself if I didn’t fight for something I wanted? I’d always prided myself on my bravery and determination. If there was one thing my life in the slums had taught me it was how to strive forwards, how to face a challenge head-on, and when I did get knocked down—which had happened more times than I could count—I knew how to pick myself back up again. I was a survivor. Even when the Goddess threw a pile of horse manure at my feet, I’d learnt to simply shrug and walk around it, rolling my eyes as I go.
“Well?” Rick said, holding his breath. “You didn’t answer—am I worth fighting for? Will you marry me?”
I shrugged, my mouth stretching into a smile. “You know me...I love a challenge.”



About the Author
Rachel Hughes is an indie author who loves everything weird and wonderful. Living in the not-so-sunny town of Wigan, England, she always hated English lessons at school, dreading the moment when the teacher would look up and say, “Rachel, continue reading.” The horror! Ironic really, considering that she’s now obsessed with reading and writing.
To contact Rachel, or to look for other books by this author, visit http://www.rachelhughes.co.uk
