Legend of the White Werewolf

The Forgotten Ones

By Crystal Dawn

Copyright 2013 Crystal Dawn

Editing by Eagle Editing

This book is a work of fiction. All contents, including

names, places, and events are the product of the author’s

imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance

to persons, living or deceased, or to businesses, locations or

events are completely coincidental.

None of this work may be used, reproduced, exchanged or

transmitted by anyone, except the person the book was

purchased for. Any reproductions of this book in any part or

any form must be done with the express written permission

of the author or not at all.

Thank you for respecting the work of this author.

Dedicated to my readers who are truly awesome and prose 

3 for all the help they have given me in my writing and this 

book particularly.
Prologue




No one knows how long they have been here. Many think they have always been here since this world was new. They are the stuff of myth and legend, but would you really be surprised to find out they are real? Would you be shocked beyond belief, or would you begin to remember many mysteries that this will answer? Have you seen them, but doubted your own eyes? They hide in the shadows in their wolf form. They protect themselves with large land holdings that belong to their packs. They are governed by an old system that puts an alpha in complete control. They rarely add humans to their numbers, but I can tell you without a doubt that sometimes they do.
I was one such human. I caught the eye of an alpha, and he changed my life forever. The change is difficult. Many die, because their fragile bodies can’t make such a drastic change. It is easier for women than men. This is because women’s bodies are made to handle the changes of carrying a child, not because they are stronger or tougher. It is painful and I will never forget the agony I felt. Was it worth it, you might ask. I will tell you my story and you decide.
The Forgotten Ones

Chapter 1

Blake




My name is Ariel and I had lost the argument so here I sat waiting for my two friends to show. They told me they were tired of my hermit ways. I was an author and didn’t get out much. Once I went into my writing cave, it was hard to draw me out. Maybe they didn’t realize I didn’t want to get out much. It was too much effort to find Mr. Right and all I seemed to manage was Mr. Right Now. Not that it was all bad. Sometimes the sex was great. That was one of the few things I would venture out for.
I didn’t do that often, plus a relationship had to develop first. It had been a while and I was feeling restless, so I gave in to their demands. This girl’s night out was turning into a girl night out. It was beginning to look like they had duped me. They knew a girl alone would get a lot of attention in a place like this and they were right. Every single man in the place was trying to catch my eye. There was a good mix of bull riders waiting for the next rodeo, love ‘em and leave ‘em Romeos, and I’ve just had my heart broken will you fix it for me, types. There was about three men to every girl.
Just now, I had received my fifth free drink from some I don’t want to spend the night alone guy in twenty minutes. Still on my first drink, that didn’t seem to be slowing them down. To be polite, I looked up to smile at some guy that would never interest me. Only this time, I received a surprise. This guy interested me. He had hair as black as night. I usually liked a clean cut look, but his curly black hair, worn a bit below the collar, gave him a dangerous look that appealed to me. He was tall, every bit of six foot four inches, and broad shouldered. Melting, when I looked into his deep blue eyes as he approached me, I momentarily lost the power of speech until he offered me his hand saying, “Hello, my name is Blake.”
When I took his hand, a thrill shot through me. I could tell he felt it too, by the stunned look on his face. Summoning all my strength, I answered him. “Hello, yourself. My name is Ariel.”
He said, “Ariel, that’s a lovely name.” Yeah, not an original line, but I let him get by with it.
His voice caressed me, and I felt a little heat come to my cheeks. As I examined him for a second, I couldn’t help but wonder what it would feel like to be kissed by those full lips. My mind was imagining how his body would feel against mine, and I noticed he was looking at me intently, like he knew what I was thinking. My face suddenly felt hotter, and the heat seemed to spread all over.
He said, “This is not the best place to talk. Why don’t you let me take you out for something to eat so we can get to know each other better?”
I was hooked and I think at that moment I would have agreed to follow him anywhere. No, I was not usually so easy. He took my arm and led me to a very nice four-wheel drive SUV. It was similar to mine, only newer. Since I could see some dirt on it, I wondered if he lived in the country. He looked at me, smiling as he held my door open. I felt my heart beat faster until I forgot to breathe for a moment. It made me wonder who he was and how I could be so wanton. Maybe I had just waited too long to date someone. What kind of relationship was he looking for? I wasn’t sure what I wanted long term, but I knew what I wanted right now.
He caught me staring at him, again causing me to turn away, blushing intensely. Blake reached out and stroked my cheek. “You don’t ever have to be embarrassed with me. It’s perfectly normal to have desires and needs. I have them too.”
Blake looked at me and I could see it on his face. He wanted me as much as I wanted him. I hoped he didn’t expect to get lucky tonight because that just wasn’t me. Never had I done anything like that and didn’t intend to start now.
Surprised when we pulled up to a very nice condo, I shot him a look. This made me nervous. He said, “I think you’ll find it’s the best place in town to eat.”
Although, he didn’t look like a serial killer or some other type of criminal, I had pepper spray in my purse and martial arts training to fall back on. Of course, he looked like he wouldn’t be easy to take out. The man was rugged looking and powerfully built; I was sure I would swoon if he removed his shirt. In the dictionary, under sexy, I thought I would find his picture. Maybe that was why I was behaving so out of character. Normally, I would avoid a situation like this; yet here I was, letting him lead me into his condo. It was nice inside. Pure luxury, the perfect place to seduce someone who was already halfway there. I won’t deny that I was relieved when I saw a chef in the kitchen preparing a meal. Turning to him with a smile, I said, “That wasn’t necessary, but it is very nice. I’ve never had a personal chef fix me a meal.”
It was clear he saw the relief on my face, and he shot me a smile. “I would never force you to do anything that I thought you didn’t want.” Once more I turned red. It seemed like he did that to me easily. “Don’t be embarrassed. It’s always good to be cautious. A woman alone can be in danger. Maybe not so much around here, it would be worse in a large city.”
True, Branson, Missouri was not large, and things were different here. It was larger during tourist season and around the holidays. Right now, with New Year’s behind us, it would not pick up until spring. That was why I was surprised to find a man like this in a folksy hillbilly bar. He didn’t look like the country and western type. The bar looked like a converted wooden barn, but this place was clearly new with a modern log cabin style. It seemed more like a place you might find a man like him. That made me wonder what had lured him here and if he lived nearby or if he would head home when his business was done.
Looking around, I saw the chef had set a lovely table. Fine china, scented candles, and a beautiful bouquet of flowers were all perfectly arranged. The soft music playing in the background added to what was already a seductive scene. The man himself, was the most captivating part of all and I felt my resolve to leave after the meal slipping. Not sure I could hold out against all of this including the chemistry I had felt when we first touched, I was worried. He asked me if I wanted my car picked up and brought here, so I agreed. Then I gave him my keys and told him what I was driving.
He spoke to the chef a moment, then I noticed that he hurried out the door. Now, we were really alone. Blake helped me into my chair sitting across from me then he poured us both a glass of wine. Sipping it, I found it to be sweet, kinda fruity, and it tasted good. I needed to be careful, but I had drunk little at the bar so I knew I could have a glass and still make it back home safe. I said, “I like this wine. Most people don’t serve sweet wine with a meal.”
He answered, “I knew you would enjoy it because I like it too.”
“Do you live around here?”
“I am relocating and looking for property.” He smiled.
Because I was nosy, a fault of mine, I began asking questions. “What are you looking for?”
He didn’t seem put out with my questions. “I want some acreage. The more the better since I enjoy my privacy.”
I said, “Me, too. I live on a farm near Eagle Rock, Missouri. It runs over into Arkansas as well.”
“Sounds nice. Are you a country girl?”
“Yes, and proud of it. I like living where it’s secluded so you can walk a long way without seeing anyone.” I responded, getting into our conversation.
“What do you do?”
I replied, “I’m a writer. Books, articles, whatever work I can find. I even do resumes from time to time when work is slow. What do you do?”
“You could say I manage a small corporation.”
“What kind of business is it?”
“It’s an investment group.” He said with little thought.
Blake was being a little evasive, but it wasn’t really any of my business. I changed the subject to small talk. We finished eating, then he suggested we move to the living room. I said, “I really should go.”
“You’re not just going to eat and run, are you? I thought we would get to know each other a little bit.” His eyes asked me to stay if only for a little while. The man was just too damn sexy and although I knew better, I decided to stay anyway.
I replied, “Just for a little while.”
He seated me on the couch, but I thought he would sit across from me. He didn’t, he sat right next to me and we were touching. Sliding his arm around me, he spoke to me in a low voice. It was sexy and compelling, and I knew I should leave now. Blake put his fingers lightly on my chin to give me a slow, sweet kiss. It wasn’t threatening or overly long, just very sensual.
Pulling me over so my face rested against his chest, I could hear his heartbeat rapidly. It seemed I wasn’t the only one who was exerting some control. He stroked my arm until it sent chills up my spine. I kept telling myself I was going to leave before things got out of control. We talked about a lot of things until eventually I began to relax a little falling asleep in his arms. When he woke me, I was a little embarrassed.
He said, “I am glad you feel comfortable enough with me to drift off that way.”
“I think it’s a sign that I need to head home.” I got up to go.
He asked, “Will you meet me tomorrow night? I really want to see you again.” Blake got up as well to walk me to the door.
“Tomorrow is a bit soon.” I was proud that I hadn’t fallen all over myself to accept.
He said, “Why is it too soon? I feel like we are getting along great.” The man pulled me into his arms and gave me a soul shattering kiss. I was disoriented for a few moments and then I pulled my scattered wits together. “What if I meet you somewhere? Would that be easier?”
Blake was pushing, but just a little bit. I felt flattered that he wanted to see me that much, so I agreed. We planned to meet at six the next evening at Big Cedar Lodge which was on my side of Branson.
Walking me out to my SUV, when we got to it, he said goodnight, and kissed me deeply. He held me close. “I wish you didn’t have to go.”
I smiled at him. “I’ll see you tomorrow night.”
He kissed me again, long and deep. Once I got in, I started the engine, and then took off down the drive. I don’t know how long he was there, or even how I knew it was a male, but I looked at the side of the road where a large black wolf was running along beside me. As he looked my way, his eyes reflected the headlights and for some reason, he reminded me of Blake. That was just silly. I hit the highway as he stood there watching me go off into the distance.
On the way home, I kept thinking of Blake. It was pleasant, making the trip go faster, but these roads were dangerous, so I tried not to dream too much. It was three in the morning when I made it home. Time had passed so quickly while I was with him. I could just sleep in, so I would be rested for my date.
I woke up at noon and thought about the evening to come and I decided I wanted to make a good impression. Calling Tina, my good friend, who owned a beauty shop in town, I asked for an appointment. Even though it was Saturday, she worked me in. She was excited that I was dating so she told me to get my butt down there right away. Tina was the friendly motherly type. When I arrived a little before one, she put me in the chair immediately. Talking the whole time, she asked a lot of questions about Blake. When I told her, I had just met him, she was concerned. She asked, “Are you sure he’s alright?”
“I’ve got a good feeling about him.”
She shot me an assessing look. “Is that about his character or his looks?” When I turned bright red, she laughed. “He’s that good looking, is he? Does he have a twin brother?”
I replied, “I really don’t know anything about his family.”
Tina started working on my hair keeping up a nonstop stream of chatter, asking questions that she didn’t really expect me to answer. I really felt a little silly going to all this trouble for a man I had just met, but I thought he was pretty special. My mind was on him, so I didn’t really pay any attention to what Tina was doing. Suddenly, she said, “Well, what do you think?” My friend was smiling at me, clearly very proud of the job she had done.
I looked in the mirror. “Wow. Is that really me?”
She had fixed my long reddish-brown hair in a sexy, tousled, curly style. I couldn’t believe she had done my makeup while I had zoned out and I hadn’t realized it. Tina only did that for friends on special occasions. The lady was great, and I looked incredible. She made my green eyes pop. I needed to buy some of that lipstick she used. My lips just begged for a kiss so I was sure I would get one. “Tina, you are an artist. Thank you for this.”
Tina smiled. “You have a great date.”
Now that she had me looking like a top model, I needed to buy a few things. Going to my local lingerie shop, I picked out a few special items. Next, I went to the dress shop, to buy a new little black dress. At the shoe shop I bought some three-inch black heels since I was average height, but he was so tall. While I was at it, I went to another store to get a new scent mixed. Because I had to wait while they mixed it, I went next door to a jewelry store. This charm bracelet called to me. It was gold with two wolves on it. One was larger and black, the other one was snow white. I decided to splurge because I just loved it and I rarely treated myself like this. Everyone knew wolves were good luck. Of course, that was if you didn’t have a hungry or angry pack surrounding you.
I picked up my new scent, since I hadn’t changed mine in years it was time to try something new. This one was sexy and musky. When I smelled it, I felt a little dangerous and thought, “Watch out Blake, I’m going to catch you in my trap!”
Now I hurried home where I had to prepare quickly to make it on time. It was half past three when I got there. Covering my hair so I could take a bath, not the hour-long ones I liked to take when I was writing a book and reached an impasse, but a quicker version, I added a mildly scented bath oil. It made the tub slippery, and I was glad that the tub had handrails. The oil smelled nice and added an underlying level of scent. I liked a little layering, so I used a lightly perfumed lotion to add another layer. The new perfume would go well with it.
When opened my bag from the lingerie shop, I had a full set in red with black lace-bra, panties, and garter belt. I rarely wore stockings, but tonight I wore them in off black. As I looked in the mirror and thought not too bad, especially for an older girl, I added my perfume and it smelled wonderful. I slid on my dress which fit like a glove. It had a lovely, ample display of cleavage in the front. It was just above the knee with a surprisingly comfortable fit for such a sexy, tight dress.
Now the part that worried me, I put on the heels and stood up. Hoping I wouldn’t trip or otherwise embarrass myself in these, I wore heels here and there, but only the shorter ones. I took a step, and it wasn’t as bad as I had imagined, but I was a bit unsteady. Then I went to the dresser to put on some jewelry. The wolf bracelet, a simple but long gold chain necklace, and plain gold earrings.
Looking in the mirror, it was the best I ever remember looking. It was winter so I added a dressy coat and decided I needed to leave now. At Big Cedar, people wore a broad range of clothing from casual to dress, anything would fit in. When I arrived, I was a little early, so I decided to sit at the bar to wait for him. I guess it was a mistake because the place was nearly full. Most of the people seemed to be men and I had a steady flow of them passing by to hit on me. The latest one had slid into the seat next to me and started small talk. I was polite but cool.
He said, “Would you like to go somewhere quieter?”
I smiled at him. “I’m waiting for someone.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t wait for someone that leaves you sitting here alone.” He said.
“I was early.”
He said, “That must be one lucky man.”
I started to reply, but a voice broke in, “Yes, I am.”
He held out his hand to me to help me off the barstool before leading me upstairs to the restaurant. We had a table for two near the fireplace. The décor here was very rustic, but nice. “I like it here. I’m glad you chose this place. I heard about it but might not have made the extra effort to come here right away.”
“It’s nice, but I don’t get up here often.” I said.
He was staring at me until I felt the heat rising in my face. “You look lovely. You’re the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.”
My face got hotter. “That is sweet for you say, but I’m sure it couldn’t be true.”
He looked at me intently. “It is true. I wouldn’t lie to you.”
I let it drop since he seemed annoyed that I would doubt him. He started to say something, but the waitress came so we ordered. After she left, he said, “I wish we were alone.”
That was something I could relate to since I felt the same way. It was too soon, though because I hardly knew him. We made small talk until the food came and then we only spoke a little while we ate. He had selected a lovely wine to go with our meal, but he got a whole bottle.
I said, “We’ll never drink a whole bottle.”
“We will if you help me.”
“Two glasses is my limit. I’m a lightweight when it comes to drinking.”
“I don’t drink much either.”
Somehow when we were done, the wine was gone too. I tried to remember how much I drank, but I couldn’t figure it out exactly. Not that I was drunk, just really relaxed. We walked outside but the wind was blowing. I took him to the Devil’s Pool to tell him the story behind it. It is there that the Osage Indians found a spring so deep, that they said it flowed to the devil himself. “They also have a resident ghost here. It is a young lady with brown hair, but she has never hurt anyone, so don’t be afraid.” I smiled at him, but he didn’t look like anything could frighten him.
We turned to continue our walk until a man bumped me and then hung on to me because he was so drunk, he could barely walk. I heard a growl, realized it was Blake, and he looked very dangerous. As the man looked up at him, he seemed to sober up a little. He removed his hands. “Sorry, man. It was an accident.”
Blake still looked angry, but he put his arm around me pulling me up against him. “Are you alright?”
I said, “It was no big deal.” I noticed he was taking us down toward the cabins, but I hadn’t walked there before.
“Didn’t you say you have never stayed here before? Let me show you the inside of one of the cabins. They are very nice.”
“I wouldn’t want to bother anyone this time of night just to look at a cabin,” I said.
“No problem, I have a key.”
I looked at him, wondering how he managed that. Had he rented a cabin? If he had, why? A delicious feeling of anticipation started to unravel in my stomach. Down girl. It’s too soon to think that way.
Why, what does time have to do with it? If he is right, don’t let him get away. I tried to ignore that voice. How do you really know who is right? I had been fooled or fooled myself before. It’s always so easy to see they were wrong after it’s over.
I told myself that if he’s right, he will wait. Don’t make him wait too long.
Now I followed him because I really wanted to see a room. It was perfect rustic luxury. It looked like what you would expect of a log cabin, but the touches were wonderful. The fireplace was lit, the furniture looked comfortable, and it had the modern conveniences one would expect of a luxury hotel. Now that I had gotten a good look, I turned to leave. Blake caught my arm. “Hey, where do you think you’re going?”
“Isn’t the evening done?” I asked with an innocent look on my face. I wasn’t sure what his plans were, but I didn’t have to just go along with things. Did I?
“Aren’t you going to stay a little while?” He pulled me into his arms, gave me a kiss that took away my ability to think, and then he led me to the couch. When he pulled me down, I was sitting next to him. “Tell me something about yourself.”
I looked at him and thought this was a good time to see how much he wanted to pursue a relationship. “I’m divorced with two kids.” I examined his face to try to see how he took it.
“I have never married, but I hope to some day.” He looked at me to see how I would respond. When I didn’t reply, he asked, “Would you ever marry again?”
“Maybe, marriage wasn’t a bad experience. We are still good friends, but it hurts when love doesn’t last.”
“What about the children? How did they handle it?”
“Pretty good, we waited until the boys were both eighteen. They are involved in their own lives now.”
He asked, “What do they think of you dating?”
“Since my ex is already remarried, they know we will never get back together. I date here and there so they’re used to it.”
“So, you both just decided the kids are eighteen, let’s go our separate ways?” he asked with an odd look on his face. I couldn’t quite categorize the expression.
“Not exactly, I was ill for a time. I have a chronic condition and it kinda kicked my butt. After about ten years, I challenged myself to start living despite the condition. I pulled out of my funk, so to speak, and got back to having a real life. It was just that my husband didn’t understand the things I wanted to do or places I wanted to go. That was a parting of ways. He’s happy and I will be eventually. As the saying goes, it’s all good.”
He examined me closely. “What are you looking for?”
“I’m sure I’ll know it when I find it, but I’m at least halfway there. Now I have a satisfying writing career, I like where I live, I can travel when and where I want to, I feel comfortable in my skin, and I’m in a position to find anything else I need in life.”
“What else do you need?”
I looked at him and thought that is a silly question. Even though, I lowered my lashes, I couldn’t help but run my eyes over his incredible form. Wondering why he was asking such personal questions so soon, in an attempt to be less serious, I laughed and answered flippantly, “I don’t know, romance and riches I suppose.”
“Do you want to be rich?”
I replied, “I’m in good shape financially, so it isn’t really a concern. How about you?”
“I don’t really worry about money, I’m more worried about finding someone to share my success with.” He looked closely at me when he said that. It made me wonder what he meant. Maybe he wanted someone to talk to. I didn’t expect our involvement would lead to anything more, though I hoped we would remain friends when it was over. He leaned in and kissed me then he pulled me over to him and I sat astride his lap.
He felt so good, and this wasn’t a position I needed to be in, but I decided to enjoy it a little while. I shouldn’t have because things escalated. The voice in my head encouraged and pushed me to go forward. I told her we should stop because he’d have no respect for us.
It feels too good. Respect won’t warm us or give us satisfaction. He’s all man, it will be wonderful. I knew my inner voice was right and I had tried to block her out when she first started talking to me. It had caused migraine headaches until I finally accepted that she was part of me. She was my animal spirit and represented the part of me that defied logic and went with feelings. I figured she was a throw back to my Indian ancestors. They had believed in animal spirits, and I never shared her existence with anyone. They would surely lock me up if I did.
Trying to reason with her, I told her we can’t just give in so quickly. I didn’t say we never would. She had kept me busy arguing and I wasn’t paying attention. Somehow, we were on the bed and my dress was on the floor. I told her, you’re a devious b…. and a wave of overwhelming desire hit me as he kissed me, and his hand started stroking me.
I stretched like a puppy laying in front of a fire might and I felt warm and contented with a hot body up against me and a possessive arm around me. As I suddenly realized that I wasn’t in my own bed, I wasn’t at home, I wasn’t alone, and this wasn’t a beautiful dream, the next thing that hit me was a dull throb in my neck. I tried to shake off sleep and open my heavy eyelids. What the hell had I done? We did what we needed to. We will be one now as we should have always been. We have found what was missing.
I gently slid out from under the arm, and I hoped I wouldn’t wake him. As I reflected on last night, I knew it was worth it. It was body and soul shattering sex. I looked at him as he slept. Wow! Even during my misspent youth, I never had an experience like this.
The bite had been a little unexpected and disconcerting. Who bites your neck like that during sex? He had bitten me hard, so I did what any self-respecting hillbilly girl would do, I bit him back. I had never even imagined being bitten like that before. It made me wonder if he knew who I was and had done it because of that. The voice assured me that he couldn’t know. We hide it well.
She was right, I knew but I had never met anyone with a biting fetish, and I remembered how his blood had tasted. It was full of iron, no deficiencies there, but also sweet. It had an underlying flavor I couldn’t place, but it was heady and erotic. Maybe biting fetishes were contagious? He moved a little and I decided to hurry to dress so I could slip out. Since I needed to go home to change, and I also had to check my emails. A writer with a new book at the publisher needed to check their emails daily. I thought about calling and talking to my friends, the ones who had set me up to sit alone at the bar, but what would I say? It had worked out, so I would leave them be for now.
I dressed quickly and grabbed my purse from the chair by the bed. I couldn’t resist placing a goodbye kiss on his lips before I left. He was in bed and the sheet had slid down low on his hips, his hair was ruffled, and his face looked bristly and in need of a shave. Damn, he was sexy. I wouldn’t mind waking up to him every day. I planned to brush his lips lightly and leave, but he woke and pulled me on top of him. He kissed me senseless, and his desire hadn’t lessened since last night. I just gave in deciding to enjoy him however long it lasted. My inner voice was quiet. Obviously, she was happy at this turn of events.
Chapter 2

Ariel





My name is Blake, and I never went to bars. I wasn’t that kind of guy. The ladies you picked up in those places weren’t the type you wanted to wake up with. But I had seen her entering one and I followed her in. Here we were a day later, after the best sex I had ever had. Not even a she-wolf could compare to her. She was beautiful, well built, and I could tell she was smart. She also had a sex appeal that I couldn’t explain. It was in her eyes, in her scent, and in the way she moved. It drew me like a magnet, even though she was human, I couldn’t seem to resist her.
I had things I needed to tell her because I had lost control and blooded her. She had surprised me when she blooded me back. Now I needed to explain what that meant to my race, but I didn’t know how. I needed to tell her that blooding was a declaration of mating. She was mine now and I was hers, even though she didn’t know it. That I had really messed up and my brother Drake would be angry with me, went without saying. Drake was the leader of our group and we had grown too large for the area we were in and needed to split-up so I would lead the new group. Now I was here to find our new home, but I had also found my woman, even if she didn’t realize it yet.
When I met her, I worried that she would turn me down. It had only happened to me once in my life and it wasn’t that long ago, and it was still painful. Cindy had made her choice and I sincerely hoped Drake and her would be happy. I loved them both, even though I was hurt. She had chosen my twin brother instead of me. Someday, I would tell Ariel about it, but right now the hurt was still fresh. Honestly, I suspected I was lucky, I had seen signs that Cindy was more interested in power and money than a loving mate. I could almost feel sorry for Drake if he was stuck with a power hungry, greedy she-wolf. I, on the other hand, had found my other half which I knew on a primitive level. My animal and I could agree once more. He growled an I told you so and I let him bask in self-congratulations for now.
Still, I hadn’t found an appropriate property because I didn’t want to be too close to Branson, but I wanted to be within driving distance of places my people could find jobs. It was a balancing act and much harder than I expected. Maybe my mate could be a help to me. She was from here, she might have some advice. My mate, it sounded good. I wondered if she might be one of those rare humans that would turn. If she went through the change, how would it change her?
Her breathing was back to normal now. I asked, “Where were you about to go?”
She smiled. “I was going home since I need to take a shower and change, check my emails, eat breakfast, and check on my place.”
“We can take a shower, eat breakfast, and I’ll go home with you.” I wanted to keep her near me, she was mine.
She hesitated. “I don’t have a thing to change into.”
I smiled. “I’ll go buy you something at the gift shop, then we’ll order room service, take a shower together, and go.” At least she was considering it.
“Are you sure you want to see my messy old place?”
“I want to know everything about you.” It was the truth. I knew she was still holding back something just as I was, but I couldn’t imagine what kind of secret she might be trying to hide. All I knew was I was sure it wasn’t as big as the secret I was hiding. She gave me her sizes and told me what to buy. I went to the store and quickly bought her something so I could get back to her. I didn’t really think she would run, did I? Why give her the chance? My inner animal asked, and I agreed, so I hurried.
When I entered the room, she was wrapped in a sheet and had her clothing put together and folded. I looked at her and felt need hit me from out of nowhere. Not unusual for me, but the level of need was, and I felt more for her in such a short time than I had felt for Cindy, even though we had grown up together. Maybe it was the blooding, but I suspected it was more than that. I had wanted her the moment I saw her. Down boy! I told my inner animal. He didn’t like it, but I promised we would stick with her today and find time later. He growled at me, but I overlooked it. Then I remembered we would have some shower time. We would both be happy.
She seemed a little shy and I thought that was cute. I started undressing and she turned away. Ariel dropped her sheet and almost ran to the shower. She set it and stepped in, but I would not be denied my playtime, so I stepped in the shower with her. My mate turned a lovely shade of red. “I’m almost done.”
“I’m not done with you.” I pulled her into my arms and the need hit me so hard I almost fell. There was a step in the shower, probably for just such an occasion. I lifted her on to it and we lined up perfectly. I took her back into my arms and she melted against me. She gave in completely and I fought the smile that tried to come to my lips. This woman was mine so the sooner she accepted that, the happier we would both be. I felt complete with her in my arms like this. It would always be so.
We were as one, and it was like magic. Nothing had ever felt so good. She belonged to me, and no one would ever come between us. Our minds and bodies joined together as the beast inside of me reveled in it.

(Ariel)

I felt a burst of pleasure in my mind and my body as we merged. It was undeniably the most pleasurable feeling I ever had. I wondered if it was the same for him. How could anything legal, feel so good? We were done and I caught my breath as I leaned on him for support. It felt like we could see into each other’s hearts and minds, but I needed to keep him out. He couldn’t know my secrets, not yet. Tell him, he will understand. My inner animal said, but I knew it was too soon and I promised to tell him later.
We both finished cleaning up, dried off, and dressed without talking. When we were done, he asked, “Will you bring me back or do you want me to follow you home?”
After a moment of thinking about it for a second, I committed. “I can bring you back if you want.”
He agreed so we went out to my SUV, since he didn’t know where to go, I drove. As I showed him sights of interest along the way, he seemed to enjoy the drive. When we got close and turned off on a dirt road, I saw his eyebrows raise. “I told you I like privacy.”
He replied, “I know, but I thought the house would be right off the highway.”
“It’s not far off the highway.” I could tell that he wondered if this was even a road because it was dirt, and we crossed a one lane bridge that was also the state line. Welcome to Arkansas.
It was a short drive as we turned down my driveway, which was little more than a cow trail. Shared driveways were common around here, but I could see it surprised him as we drove past two other houses and up to the ridge my house sat on. We were really driving through the field to get there, so my family only had 4WD vehicles. I think the hard bump as we crossed the cattle guard surprised him too. A cattle guard is a grate that covers a hole in the road. It is put there on purpose to prevent the cows from escaping. It is the only way to avoid having to open and close a gate every time you leave or come back home. This was still better than a lot of the roads around here.
Glancing at him I thought he liked my house. It was like a log cabin with stone on the front. This was a lot like the Big Cedar Lodge décor. The fireplace was going and there was a picture of a white and black wolf hanging over it. He raised his eyebrows again, but I didn’t explain. Blake would think me crazy, because who has an artist paint a picture like that from a dream? I do.
The house was huge thanks to a successful writing career. Five bedrooms with attached baths, a large writer’s office in the attic area with a balcony used for star gazing. A formal living room and dining room here on the entry level and downstairs was a den and an entertainment area. I glanced sideways at Blake, and he seemed to be impressed with my house. He noticed the balcony upstairs, so he asked about it and I gave him a full tour. We went downstairs first, then up to the second floor, and we went to the attic last. He asked, “Is this where you do all your writing?” I nodded and he looked around a little.
I pushed him out to the balcony as I told him I liked to look at the stars with my telescope at night. It wasn’t night but he looked through it anyway. You could see for miles. He asked, “Do you like it out here?”
“It’s great. I can ride horses or four wheelers, walk up the mountain, photograph nature, or find fossils in the wet weather creek. The only thing I’m missing is lake or river frontage.”
He asked, “Is there a lot of land available around here?”
“Not right here, but there is some close by,” I replied.
“How far are we from a town?” he asked.
I said, “We are halfway between Branson and Eureka Springs, Arkansas. Berryville, Arkansas has the closest Wal-Mart and it’s thirteen miles. Something is close by in every direction, but not too close. We have lakes and rivers all around us. Cosmic Caverns is at the end of the dirt road one way and Table Rock Lake is not far the other way. It’s a great location.”
He looked thoughtful. “This might be a nice place to buy some land.
“Land is cheaper here than Branson and you can get larger parcels. If you are interested, I have some land catalogs. I’ve been dreaming of some land on the river.”
“I would like to see it, but right now, my mind is on something else.” He looked at me and I knew what he meant. I had a daybed in my office, and he was looking at it. Blake moved closer until we were touching, I felt an explosion of want and need and I saw no reason to deny myself. We undressed quickly and he pulled me into his arms. My inner animal growled softly with contentment. It quickly changed to a needy whimper. All I could think about was that man.
I heard a noise disturbing my peaceful contemplation as I was snuggled up against my man. Oh, no. When had I started thinking of him that way? I quickly realized someone was downstairs calling for me. There were few people who had keys and only two who would use them so freely.

(Blake)

I was resting contentedly with her in my arms with her body pressed to mine. Suddenly, I heard a noise, and she must have heard it too. She moved with a speed that no human should have dressing in seconds. I wondered if a change was coming upon her. Her scent had changed, but barely so I couldn’t be sure. Now I hurried to dress and followed her downstairs. Even the most casual observer could easily tell what we had been up to.
As I rounded the corner at the bottom of the final step to enter the living room, my inner beast was awake wanting to fight. Ariel was hugging a stranger and calling him baby. He looked at me with a challenge in his eyes and no intention of looking away. The man was an alpha male, no doubt. I calmed the beast telling him to wait to see who he was first. My wolf growled angrily, then he backed down as I saw another man beside him whom she hugged as well. She called him sweetheart. He looked at me with curiosity and concern then looked away when I gave him an intent look. He was a beta, he wouldn’t challenge me.
Now I waited impatiently for her to make introductions. She said, “Boys, this is Blake. Blake this is Matt and Danny. Matt is my youngest son and Danny my oldest.”
This was alright. Her children, I needed to meet them, anyway. Odd that her youngest would be the alpha. I would have to do something with him, I couldn’t have him challenge me like that in front of others. They were nice looking boys, both tall. The youngest one looked like he worked out, but the oldest one didn’t. They both smelled a little like her which I would have noticed had my territorial instincts not kicked in.
Now that I had met her family, I had an excuse to ask her to go with me when I went to see mine. I needed to find some land, but then I would have to go back, and I just knew I wanted her with me. Drake would want to meet her soon. What would he think, just another human mate? Or would he see that she was special?

(Ariel)

My boys had chosen an inopportune time to visit, and I could see Matt wasn’t happy. Last time I saw him, I wasn’t dating anyone. Now, I was with a man, and we were all too familiar with each other. I could tell by the expression on his face that he had picked up on that and I thought I would distract them with a little fun. I asked, “Anyone up for a ride up the mountain to check on the solar panels?” They both jumped at the chance and Blake agreed.
He asked, “What kind of ride are we talking about?”
Matt replied, “We have four wheelers for trips around the farm.”
We all went out back to the shed where they were kept. Everyone picked one and put a helmet on. I led the way, but not for long. Matt sped ahead, and Danny followed him. Blake hung back and stuck with me. We stopped on top of the mountain. There were large solar panels and a communication tower centered on the very top. I explained that the panels provided power and the tower made sure cell phones worked in our area. Before the tower, we had been in a large blackout area causing cell phones to be useless. We could see halfway to Shell Knob, Missouri, which was thirteen miles north, from our vantage point.
He said, “I see why you like it out here. This is nice.”
“It took me a while to get things set up like this. But it is nice now. Away from the world, but still part of it.” I hoped he didn’t think me weird for being too private since I still kept in touch with what went on around me.
He noticed the horses in the pasture below. “Are they yours?”
“Yes, I love to ride, and I like animals of all kinds. We have a lot of wildlife out here. Deer, wild turkeys, ducks at certain times of the year, quail, foxes, once in a while a wolf, and a lot of others.”
He looked thoughtful. “Is that why you have that painting in the living room? Have you seen wolves like that?”
I smiled. “No, we just have the ordinary wolves out here.”
He looked both disappointed and relieved which was rather odd. He asked how large the farm was, so I told him nearly three hundred acres. Blake wondered if it was for sale, but I told him it never would be. The owner was very attached to it. I changed the subject telling him about two adjoining five hundred-acre parcels available across the road. Why did I do that? I was considering buying at least one of those. When I told him what they wanted for them, he didn’t flinch. I added that they were overpriced for the area, and he should negotiate a little. Did I want to keep him close by? If so, I was a foolish girl. This would not be a happy forever after story. Men like that didn’t settle down with someone like me. At best, he would kill some time while he waited for a young heiress or a celebrity to come along. My inner animal pointed out that I was a celebrity, I should tell him.
I told her if he needs that, we don’t need him. My animal growled, but then she settled down and I would see how long this relationship would survive but try to guard my heart. What more could she ask of me? She was happy for now.
We went back home, and the boys left. Blake wanted to look at the property across the road because I was familiar with it. The gates weren’t locked, so we drove over both places. One property had an old barn in serious need of attention, while the other had an old house. It was more of a shack, but it could be saved if someone got to it soon. He seemed excited by the land which surprised me. It was half wooded and half fields butting up against the lake, however, a lot of work was needed to make any of it usable. I explained to him that any improvements along the lake had to be approved and what would be approved was limited. That was one of the reasons I had held off on buying it. It looked more like swamp than lake right now.
It didn’t seem to faze him, so I called the realtor whom I knew quite well. He wasn’t busy at the time so he said he would meet us there. He was the listing agent for both properties so it would make things easier. We looked around while we waited, and Blake told me he was in a real hurry to get a place. He wanted both and he would pay asking price if he had to. He ask me if I would help him with the agent, so I agreed.
Abe, the agent/broker, arrived about the time we had run out of things to look at. I introduced them and explained to Abe that Blake wanted a quick deal, but if they wouldn’t negotiate on the price tell us now so we would move on. Blake kept a blank look on his face and Abe said his sellers would deal, they wanted to sell quickly if they could. I made him an offer I thought was fair and he made a call. He kept them on the phone while they gave a counteroffer. I told him what our final offer would be, and they accepted. Since Blake had the needed funds, Abe would push through the deal tomorrow or the next day at the latest. Cash sales were so much easier. Abe was a happy man since this listing had hung around far too long.
He said, “I owe you one, Ariel. How about going out for a drink?”
“Sorry, Abe. Blake and I have plans. Maybe we can join you some other time?” I knew he meant just me. He asked me out often, but I always said no.
Blake raised his eyebrows unsure of what Abe had meant. He was clearly happy to have the land purchase underway so all he did was put his arm possessively around my waist to pull me closer to him. Abe wasn’t stupid and understood right away.
Abe replied, “Sure that will be great.”
Blake wanted to drive, so I let him. It seemed most men wanted to drive once they knew where to go. We headed back to my house as it starting to get dark. Blake had brought a bag with him so now I found out why. He said, “I’m sure you won’t want to drive to Branson in the dark.”
“I would rather not, but you don’t have anything to wear.”
He smiled. “I brought something to wear with me, so that’s not a problem.”
“I guess we’ll stay here tonight. You would have to come back tomorrow anyway, I suppose.” Why did I feel like he had planned it this way?
He said, “A sleepover, this will be nice.”
My inner animal could hardly contain itself. Odd that he brought her to the forefront of my mind. She was quite taken with him, and I had to admit, every other part of me was taken with him as well. Once we arrived at the house, I checked the fire out of habit. When I was home for a long period of time, I would sometimes disconnect the gas logs to use wood instead.
It occurred to me we had forgotten breakfast, skipped lunch, and hadn’t eaten all day so I went in the kitchen to start fixing supper. Blake came in to sit down at the bar, watching me as I worked. I told him that if he was going to sit in the kitchen, I would put him to work. We washed up and I gave him what he needed to make a salad. I used the grill on my stove to cook two steaks. I asked him how he liked his steaks and he liked them medium rare, just like I did. Next, I sautéed some vegetables, and I got a bottle of Moscato wine with two glasses. He had the salad done and I quickly added vinegar, oil, and seasonings so we were ready for plates.
We ate together with only a little talk. He seemed to appreciate the warm luxury of my kitchen. It had the high beamed ceilings of the front of the house and lovely oak cabinets. No convenience was overlooked. Stainless steel commercial quality appliances, sleek granite countertops, and the same beautiful wooden floors found throughout the rest of the house, except for the bathrooms, made it visually pleasing, but left no doubt that it could be used to feed an army if need be.
He seemed to want to say something but couldn’t find the words. Finally, I said, “If you want to say or ask something, just spit it out.”
He smiled. “Picked up on that, did you? After the land purchase goes through, I need to make a quick trip home and I’d like you to go with me.”
I wasn’t expecting that. “Where is home?”
“It’s an isolated area in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia. We aren’t really close to any towns. It’s sort of a community. We call it Wolf Haven, but it’s not an official name.”
I smiled at him. “I guess you’re a hillbilly, too.”
He smiled back. “You could say that.”
“How long are you staying there?”
He thought a moment. “I’m not positive, but anywhere from two days to a week, depending on what comes up.”
“When are you leaving?”
“Tomorrow, if the deal goes through. I may fly since it would be quicker.”
“I don’t fly a lot, but it sounds like fun.” He looked surprised making me hope I knew what I was getting into.
My inner animal advised me to do what I must to stay with him.
We talked all evening, mostly about the local area he was about to become part of, and I cleaned up quickly since it was time to turn in. Suddenly, I felt shy around him which I guess was silly. He wasn’t shy at all.

(Blake)

She looked a little uncertain. It was refreshing not to have a woman that hung all over me. It was funny that the one I wanted, was the one that was insecure, and I had never taken a woman home like this before. Not one that wasn’t in our group which I knew would be a surprise. That I would have to tell Drake to prepare him was a certainty. I smiled as I thought about how surprised he would be, but I knew he felt guilty, maybe this would lessen it. It made me wonder if he might think I made a mistake because of my anger at him and Cindy, I needed to call him before I turned in.
“Is there someplace I can make a private call?” She showed me to a small room I hadn’t noticed before. It was the size of a walk-in closet but looked like a household office.
“I’ll be up in my office catching up on emails and calls, while you’re doing yours.” She smiled and closed the door.
When I called Drake, he answered on the second ring. “Drake, this is Blake. I found some land, so I’ll be coming home soon. There’s one more thing, I’m bringing my mate with me and she’s a human, but I think she’s changing, and she doesn’t know anything about us, yet.” I knew I was running on, but I was nervous and felt the need to get it all out.
Drake asked, “Are you crazy? A human and you didn’t warn her first? What the hell is the matter with you? Well, she must like you if she’s coming with you. How long have you known her?”
“Two days, I didn’t intend to, but I just lost control and I bit her. She helped me find the property I purchased. She will be a good help with relocating.”
Drake asked, “What is she, a real estate agent?” He had clearly assumed she was in this for personal gain in his usual cynical way.
“No, the land is near where she lives.”
Drake replied, “The mistake has been made, so now we are all stuck with it.”
“Drake, have you ever heard of a human biting back?” I heard silence on the other end. He seemed to be speechless. “Drake, are you still there?”
“Yes, I’m still here and no, I have never heard of that before,” he said. “We will see you soon.”
I knew he would be researching to see if it meant anything. It was just so odd that she had blooded me. Humans didn’t bite like that, and she had never asked why I bit her.
Now I sat down in the living room to wait for her. I just sensed that she wouldn’t want to be disturbed, but I didn’t have long to wait.
Chapter 3

Wolf Haven




(Ariel)

I made my calls and checked my emails. Everything was going great with my new book. It was number twelve in my best-selling werewolf series. It would also be the last one, I would be moving on, maybe fairies or wizards. Under this pen name I also had romances, but sci-fi, and an adventure series were under another name. It was sad in a way that the wolf series would be the first to close out and of all the series, it was my favorite. I hoped it would help with my unusual dreams, but they still continued. They were distressing to me on a personal level, but the stuff in a writer’s dreams made best-sellers. Vampire were in my dreams too, but not as often. My dreams had inspired some of the best novels I had ever written, and I was sure, would continue to do so.
Now I hurried down to see Blake before he came looking for me. I didn’t want him in my office where he might see something that would tell him who I was. He was sitting on the couch relaxing when I joined him. When he saw me he smiled. “I think it’s time for us to take our shower.”
He looked at me and I felt heat shoot through me as he grabbed my hand leading me to the closest bathroom. We undressed then he pulled me into the shower, and I soaped up my hands sliding them over his wet skin. It felt sexy, so I pulled his head down to kiss him. It was so hot, I was surprised that steam didn’t shoot off us. I always liked a good shower, but lately I was loving them. When we finally made it to bed, I was exhausted, so Blake and I curled up together to go to sleep.
The alarm went off and I hit the button to turn it off. Good thing I had set it earlier, or we would have overslept. I was still sleepy and just wanted to stay in the safe, warm arms that were once again wrapped around me. As I started to go back to sleep, Blake whispered, “We need to check with Abe this morning.”
That meant I had to get up, but I started to get out of bed, Blake pulled me back to him. He said, “We have a little time...” He kissed me and I slid up against him. It was a while before we made it downstairs.
“What do you want for breakfast?” I asked.
“Anything is fine.”
“That’s not a smart answer, I could fix something awful,” I said.
“I trust you.”
I went to the kitchen to fix an omelet. It was quick, easy, and he seemed to like it. After we ate, I called Abe. He said we should come to his office this afternoon. I told Blake, “He will have the papers ready this afternoon. That is really fast. He must have found some way to expedite it.”
“Would you be ready to leave right after that if I arrange a flight?”
“I can leave at a moment’s notice. I keep a bag packed. All I have to do is let Matt know I’ll be gone and send a couple emails.”
He looked at me thoughtfully. “Do you travel a lot? You seem set up to leave quickly.”
“Not a lot, just on the spur of the moment.” He looked like he was going to ask questions, so I added, “Some is work related and some is cheaper travel by going standby.” That seemed to satisfy him, so I called Matt to tell him to watch my house. I sent emails to my agent, to some friends, and I was ready to go. Once I loaded my bags, we would wait until it was time to meet with Abe.
Blake was making phone calls and travel arrangements. I gave him some privacy and found other things to do. When it was noon, he was done so we went to see Abe. It was amazing how quickly we were done. Papers were all signed to be filed tomorrow.
Now we headed to the airport to catch our flight. Blake’s company had a private jet. That was a new experience for me. It was nice and the trip went quickly. We landed at the airport where I was surprised again by a helicopter. It seemed they had everything, and we landed at Blake’s home in less than an hour. I would call it a compound and I wondered what kind of group he belonged to. People were everywhere and Blake was greeting them. He led me to the main house where we entered.
There was a man in it that looked a lot like Blake. His eyes were dark brown, and his hair was blond, but otherwise they looked the same. Blake said, “Drake, this is Ariel. Ariel, my brother Drake.”
Drake examined me so closely, that my face heated. But I didn’t flinch or look away and I examined him just as closely. He said, “Blake, you must teach her to show proper respect to her leader.”
“You are not my leader.”
“Blake, you really didn’t tell her a thing, did you?” He motioned to Blake to shut the door. “We need to have a talk.”
Now I was nervous. “By all means, let’s talk.”
Blake said, “You are not going to believe this, but it is true.”
Conversations that started this way, usually weren’t good. He was nervous, I could tell. “Go ahead and just tell me.”
He said, “This is a community of werewolves.”
I said coldly, “Is this some kind of joke? You found out who I am, didn’t you? This really isn’t funny. Everyone knows there is no such thing as werewolves.”
Drake asked, “Who are you?”
“Never mind, I need to talk to Blake, alone.”
Drake replied, “We need to finish this conversation first.”
I shot him an annoyed look, he growled at me, and I started thinking maybe these people were some kind of werewolf cult. Maybe they really thought they were werewolves. I had fan mail from people like that. Usually, they were harmless, and I hoped that would be the case here. They had managed to find out who I was, but I knew that would happen eventually. “I’m not going to talk to you about this.”
He gave me an intense look that would make most people quake in their shoes, but I shot him a hateful look right back. “Blake, you need to teach her not to piss off her alpha.”
“Drake, she just found out about it, but she clearly doesn’t believe it. Cut her some slack. Ariel, if I prove to you that I’m a werewolf, will you tell me who you are?”
“I’ll tell you, not him.” I glared at him again and I could see he was angry, but I didn’t care.
Blake asked, “What will it take to convince you?”
“Seeing is believing.” I looked at him wondering what excuse he would give when he failed to turn, but I watched him, and he was gone. When I looked down, I saw the black wolf of my dreams. I felt a little shaky, maybe I was dreaming now so I pinched myself, but all it gave me was pain. Drake was smirking at me now. That man was infuriating so I looked at Blake, he had changed back and was looking at me with sympathy. More than anything I would have loved to go to him to seek the comfort of his arms, but I realized I didn’t know him at all. I had to admit he had proven his case. “I don’t know how you found me. Would you give me a hint?”
Blake looked confused. “I really don’t know who you are. You need to tell us.
I looked at Drake nervously, then looked away quickly. “I am Ariel Margret Elmsworth better known as Maggie Elmsworth.” I saw their shocked reactions.
Drake said, “We have been looking for you for a long time.”
Blake said nothing but looked unhappy.
Drake said, “Who knew the famous werewolf novel writer would fall into our laps like this. Where do you get your information from?”
“I want to talk to Blake alone now.” I suppose I said it in a bossy way, and I could see he was offended.
“You can tell both of us right now.”
I decided to change my approach. “Drake, you’re a reasonable man.” I smiled sweetly at him using my charm. “It’s not unreasonable that I would want a few minutes with my male. I’ve had a terrible shock and I need him to help me calm myself.” Then I gave him what I hoped was a sweet, charming, butter wouldn’t melt in my mouth look. He appeared to be caught off guard completely and I could see he wasn’t immune to my southern charm. Drake was making up his mind, so I smiled warmly at him while looking a little lost and I could see when he finally gave in.
“Alright, I’ll give you ten minutes.” He probably left, wondering what just happened. It always worked, that southern charm.
“He’ll be back in exactly ten. What did you just do to him?” Blake asked.
“What man doesn’t want to help a damsel in distress?”
“Tell me what we need to know.”
We sat down and I wondered how to tell him. I told him about my dreams, and I told him that I had never shared them with another living soul. Going into detail, I explained that I had an inner voice that I thought was an animal spirit that spoke to me and had since I was old enough to remember. She told me of the ways of the wolf and when I was older, she told me it was not just any wolf, but the werewolf. This animal spirit was stronger sometimes than others. But when I was old enough to date, she became a problem, so I blocked her. It gave me headaches, but I managed. When she broke through, I was married and she chided me for my choices, so I concentrated harder and blocked her again.
As my children got older, she became more insistent, and I began to have terrible migraines and eventually absence seizures. I thought these might be when she gained control and I had no memory of what happened then. I also had dreams, dreams of a white wolf running with a black wolf.
He asked, “Who are these wolves you see and what are they to you?”
I said, “I am the white wolf, and the black wolf is my mate.” My cheeks grew hot, and I knew color stained them. He was the black wolf, and I knew by wolf law, he was my mate.
He said, “You are turning. We will know soon if you are a white wolf.”
I knew the legend, even if I hadn’t believed it before and I found it hard to believe that it could be me. “I don’t see how I could possibly be a white wolf since I am not legendary only quite ordinary.”
“What do you mean?”
 “Don’t you know the legend of the white werewolf? You are an alpha, surely you know.” I asked,
Drake had slipped in unnoticed. “Blake has not been given the book yet. How do you know? It is a closely guarded secret.”
I shivered. The subject made me uncomfortable. “I have seen the forgotten ones.”
Drake looked at me. He didn’t want to believe me. “That’s not possible.”
Blake was annoyed. “What are you talking about?”
Drake said, “Let’s go back, and you can tell me how you got your information and then we’ll move on.”
Now I told him what I had told Blake and I could see he was going through several emotions as I spoke. I didn’t know if he believed me or not. When I was done, I looked at him expectantly.
“The national council will want to see you as soon as possible and although I called them, I didn’t talk to anyone in charge.”
Blake objected. “We need a joining ceremony and a human marriage before she sees them. I would also like her to shift once so we see if she really is a white wolf. What is this legend about a white wolf, anyway? How come I don’t know about it?”
Drake replied, “I agree, we need to get things done. We’ll have the joining ceremony tonight. I’ll have the girls put in the paperwork for a marriage license, but the shifting can’t be done until she is ready. For you, I’ll try to avoid the elders for a while, but you know how much they have wanted to find her.” Drake had purposely ignored Blake’s question, I could tell, and I didn’t blame him. It wasn’t a matter discussed lightly and it was lucky for him that Blake was overwhelmed with everything else happening and I think he was concerned for me.
Blake nodded. “It will be hard to avoid them. They may even send someone.”
“Why do they want me so badly? I just write fictional books, which I cover many subjects not just werewolves.”
Drake said, “Your books hit the mark. They think you have a source inside our race. They want to know who told you and they may not believe your story. They may try other means to get at the truth.”
I knew he was right, my story was crazy. But the existence of real live werewolves was just as crazy by those standards so I tried not to worry, but the best I could do was not let it show.
Blake suggested we go to our room to rest. Once things started happening, rest might be a luxury we couldn’t afford. Drake told him to stay in his old room; it was ready. We walked through a group of people that looked at us oddly. There was disapproval coming from a pretty girl around Blake’s age. She stared at him possessively making me wonder who she was. When I put my arm around him, he pulled me closer. I was sure he thought I was nervous, but I shot the girl a look that was challenging and couldn’t be mistaken. Some of the others noticed and one of the other girls smiled like it made her day. That was someone I knew I would be friends with.
We reached his room and I asked casually, “Who was the tall blonde?”
He looked at me with surprise but tried to hide it. “She is Drake’s mate, Cindy.”
I asked, “Why does she seem to be so interested in you?”
His expression was unreadable. I knew he would be evasive. “We are old friends. Everyone was surprised at how quickly you and I mated.”
It sounded reasonable, but I knew it wasn’t the whole story. I let it drop deciding I would find out later. When I smiled at him, he looked too relieved. I said, “I guess we should take a nap.” Once I changed to a nightshirt, I prepared to sleep. He came to bed naked, and he told me he always slept that way. I rolled over on my side to sleep, but he had other plans.
He pressed up against me until I couldn’t ignore him, he felt too good. I turned and he pulled me close. His body felt warm, and his scent was musky and masculine. Blake kissed me until I felt almost dizzy from the pleasure, he gave me as he stroked my skin. Moving my lips to his neck, I slid my tongue over the spot I had blooded him wanting to remind him that he was mine. Once I thought of the blonde downstairs, I reminded myself that I was in his arms right now, not her. I immersed myself in his scent, his touch, and his taste until it drowned out everything else and left nothing, but a tidal wave of pleasure.
Everything seemed to disappear as I found myself running through the woods and they were behind me. They were not ordinary wolves, not even ordinary werewolves. There was a smell of evil, and I knew they would not stop until they caught me. Some eyes glowed red and some glowed yellow, but evil emanated from all of them. I knew if they caught me, they would never let me go. My heartbeat so fast, I thought it would burst out of my chest as I moaned and ran faster, but they were gaining on me. I felt the heat of another body and it was up against me. Now I knew I would fight to the death to avoid capture, but I heard someone saying, “Ariel, wake up.” I opened my eyes to see Blake and I grabbed him like he was a lifeline squeezing him so tightly he gasped.
“What’s going on? You were moaning and thrashing in your sleep. Are you alright?”
“It was a bad dream. The forgotten ones were after me. Someday, I fear they will catch me.”
Blake replied, “I want you to tell me about them, but right now we are about to be late, and we need to get ready for the joining ceremony.”
My mate didn’t have to tell me what that meant. Even though we were already blooded, we would still have to join in a blood oath. If we had not already been blooded, the blood oath would begin the joining and the blooding would complete it. There was nothing as powerful as blood to a werewolf. It was key to continued existence. Mates exchanged blood to become truly one. It created a connection that was both physical and mental. Their powers were stronger than that of humans and their ability to join with their mate reached a higher level. If a werewolf touched the blood of another, it would form a connection. When you added love, the connection was strong and permanent. It would continue to grow steadily as long as we both lived.
I could already sense when he was evasive and I could feel his emotions, but I couldn’t read his thoughts. My thought was that my ability to sense him was probably better than his ability to sense me, since I had always had some intuitive skills. It was not something most werewolves had beyond a blood connection. I just knew I would be a little different than most.
As I started to get ready, I was glad my bag contained a more formal dress. With me, I had two, but one was a black cocktail dress that wasn’t suitable for this. The dark blue party dress with a knee length skirt was the one I selected. It made my eyes look nearly blue instead of the usual green. With a minimum of makeup and my hair in a simple up do, I looked not too bad for an unexpected wedding day.
Blake asked, “Why did you have that dress with you?”
“It’s for daytime social gatherings. My agent sometimes springs surprises on me. I also take a little black dress along since I never know what she’ll do next. She’s an amateur matchmaker, too.”
“She can forget about that.” He said as he pulled me into his arms possessively. “You are mine now.” Blake led me downstairs where we went outside. Someone had decorated the yard and there were tables set up for the pack. I could smell different foods that had been cooked and I thought it sweet that someone had tried so hard to make this nice for us.
Drake said, “I’m glad you two came down on your own.” He had snuck up on us when we were looking at the yard. “Cindy’s mom wanted you to have a nice joining. She’s been working hard to prepare everything but she’s asking a lot of questions. The she-wolf wants to know what the hurry is, so I told her you two were just crazy in love and saw no reason to wait.”
“That’s very nice of her to do all this work. She must be a romantic at heart. It’s surprising that she had all these decorations on hand.”
A look of disappointment crossed Drake’s face before he hid it and I wondered what that was about. Cindy wasn’t sticking to his side like you would expect a wife to do. She was looking at Blake, and I didn’t like the way she was doing it. It wasn’t only me who had noticed. The only one that didn’t seem to realize it, was Blake. We took our places and Drake stood facing us. He read from the book of law, and we repeated our vows in front of the pack. A small cut was made on our thumbs, Drake held our thumbs together, and our blood mixed. I felt a rush, either from Blake’s blood or from being cut.
After the ceremony was done, pack members came up to congratulate us. Although people were introduced, I wasn’t able to remember most. I noticed Cindy wasn’t among the well wishers. She stood at the back of the group and tried to catch Blake’s eye. I decided I would keep mine, on her.
We fed each other a piece of cake. It seemed they had a mix of human and wolf traditions. Drake motioned for us to follow him, and we went into his office. We signed some paperwork and Drake said we were legal now. It seemed like they had pushed it through quickly. He said, “The national council has tried to contact me, and they are already getting annoyed. I will have to call them in the morning, or they will send someone.” He sniffed me. “You are getting close. Maybe tomorrow night. I must say, you’re changing without the usual trauma.”
I was a little overwhelmed, but I tried not to show it. Blake seemed to be taking things well. You would think this happened to him every day. Drake said, “I think everyone would understand if you slipped away and spent some time alone.”
As we quietly made our way up the steps to Blake’s room, my stomach twisted in knots. Now I would have to explain the legend and the forgotten ones. He had been patient, but now he wanted answers. Blake pulled me into the room and shut the door. I sat down on the bed, and he joined me. He said, “Tell me about the legend.”
I took a deep breath and decided to start at the beginning. “There was a time when werewolves were hunted. Many were killed and no one was sure what to do to save their race. Two ways to handle the human threat were suggested. One was to find a way to live in harmony with them. The other was to hunt them back. It was thought that they could be terrorized to the point that they would fear to enter the forest at night and maybe even during the day. They could also be bred, and the wolf blood mixed so heavily with the human blood that no family would remain untouched. Sanity and fairness ruled, so the first choice was picked. The problem came when a group of strong wolves refused to accept that choice.”
This was new to him I saw. He believed the choice had been made easily and all had conceded. So, he asked, “What happened next?”
I continued, “The group kept killing and raping humans, flaunting their disregard of the new laws, and doing as they wished. They could not be allowed to follow their chosen path. The council decided they had to be hunted down and killed. The problem was, they couldn’t find them. To make matters worse, they had no way to distinguish them from any other werewolf. But there was one who could. She was respected in the pack and held sway over others. It was said that she could see the evil in them and sense the hatred they held for their race coming off them. She was the white wolf. Many said she had otherworldly powers that couldn’t be explained. Her mate was a black wolf and the alpha of his pack, because a strong woman needs a strong man.”
Now I paused to compose my thoughts but before I decided what I would say next, he asked, “Are you the white wolf?”
I replied, “I don’t know, but we will soon see.”
He smiled. “Would you finish the story?”
That’s when I nodded. “She led the hunt, and many were found and killed, but several escaped. Some went underground and some infiltrated packs in isolated locations, living quietly, and recruiting others to their cause. They were never found. The elders decided to strike their names from history and erase their existence from all memory. Hence, they are called the forgotten ones. Traitors of their own race, never to be called by name again.”
He asked, “Is that all?”
I replied, “It should be, but before the white wolf died, she foretold that her blood would continue on. That it would lie dormant waiting to be awakened, and then her progeny would finish the task she started.”
He smiled. “Do you really believe that?”
I said, “It doesn’t matter what I believe. Others believe it and they will act on it.”
He pulled me against him. “No one can hurt you as long as I am around.”
I felt his warmth against me, smelled his masculine scent, and his sexy voice gave me goose bumps. As I snuggled up against him, feeling safe and warm, all the stress of the day caught up with me and I started to drift off. He gently shook me, and he whispered in my ear, “You’re not going to sleep yet, I have plans for you right now. I want to kiss you, hold you, and feel your skin against mine.”
All thoughts of sleep were far away now as I unbuttoned his shirt, stroking and licking as I unbuttoned each button. I tasted his salty skin, slowly moved down his chest, and I could feel it rise and fall. It seemed faster with each button I undid, as I exposed more of him and eagerly explored. When I got to his pants, I smiled at him impishly. Who knew where my path might lead me?
Chapter 4

The Change




(Ariel)

I woke early and saw the last signs of sunrise. The remnants of color were beautiful, and I resolved to catch a full sunrise before we left. He was gone, his side of the bed was cold, but as I entered the bathroom, the mirror was still steamed up. I must have woken as he left so I showered and dressed, then made my way downstairs alone. Blake sat at the table across from Drake with Cindy between them.
He seemed to be getting all her attention and Drake didn’t look very happy. It was an odd relationship, no doubt. They didn’t act like a young married couple at all. I looked up and Drake was examining me, and he had a look on his face I recognized. When I glanced at Blake, I saw he noticed, and now Drake looked at him and shrugged. Cindy had watched the whole thing but didn’t seem to care that Drake had shown desire for me.
I slid my hand under the table and down Blake’s thigh until he looked at me. He seemed annoyed, but I wasn’t sure why. Drake said, “Blake, we need to talk about pack business.” They left and I didn’t want to sit alone with Cindy, so I left in the other direction.
Now I put on gloves, a coat, and some half boots. I went outside where the children were playing. One of the teenagers threw a snowball at me so I threw one back. Everyone picked a side until we had an all-out snowball fight going. I didn’t even notice the cold, it was so much fun, but I looked up to see Drake walking out the door and the child next to me threw a snowball. He hadn’t seen Drake until he hit him on the top of his head. The child looked terrified and ran away. When I walked a little closer to tell him he was hit by accident I noticed all the children were gone. It was just the two of us and he looked angry. I said, “It was an accident, we were having a snowball fight.”
He asked, “Who is we? You and your inner wolf? There’s no one else out here.”
It was unbelievable that he didn’t see the children before they ran. He was coming towards me, and my impulse was to run, but I fought it trying not to show fear. He was almost to me, and he said, “You should have run while you had the chance.”
“It was just a snowball, what are you going to do? It was an accident.”
He reached out, grabbed me, and I couldn’t break free. As he pulled me to the ground, he grabbed a handful of snow. I was struggling to get away, and he slid to where he was on top of me to stop me from doing so. He started to stuff the snow down my shirt but as I continued to struggle to get away, the look on his face changed and he dropped the snow and held my face still in his hands. It looked like he was going to kiss me, and I didn’t know what to do to stop him. I said, “Don’t.”

(Blake)

Drake and I finished our talk then I went in the house to look for Ariel. Drake was headed to town, but I chose not to go along. Someone had seen her head outside, so I went out to find her. I walked to the end of the yard where I saw Drake on top of her holding her face in his hands. As I ran to her, I pulled him off, then I helped her get up. She looked a little shaken and backed further away from him.
First, I considered ripping Drake’s throat out, but he was my brother. Instead, I growled at him and said in a low dangerous tone, “Don’t touch her again!”
He replied, “I didn’t intend to, but I think the change is bringing something with it.”
“I want you at my side the rest of our time here.” She looked at me, completely confused. “I will explain when we get to the room.” We entered the room and I turned to her.
“Once you change, you will find many things different. The change seems to be sending you into a fertile cycle. The common term is in heat. It can last one to two weeks. After that you will be fine for the rest of the year. Once you conceive, everything else is much as a human.”
She replied, “I already understand how these things work, but what makes you think that is happening?”
“It changes your scent. Right now, only males with well developed noses will be able to tell. When you are fully in your cycle, any werewolf will pick up on it. Even human males will realize something draws them to you, they just won’t know what.”
She was bright red after I explained, and I don’t think she had really thought about the changes she would be going through.
I asked, “How can you know so much about werewolves?”
She said, “Maybe it’s genetic or ancestral memory. It exists in everyone to some degree. Maybe it’s stronger in my family than in others. It’s the only thing I can think of that explains it.”
Ariel moved closer to me, put her arms around my neck, and gave me a slow, heated kiss. It started to redirect my thoughts to something more enjoyable and much more pleasant than what I had been thinking about. This was where my thoughts should have been all along. After all, we were like newlyweds.

(Ariel)

We were at breakfast when Drake came in. He said, “When you two are done here, I need to talk to you.” He looked serious. Blake finished his food quickly, so I did the same. We joined Drake in his office. “The council is coming here to meet Ariel and they will be arriving over the next few days. Let’s hope the change comes before tomorrow when the first one will be here.”
Blake said, “Her smell has gotten so strong, I can’t believe she hasn’t already changed.”
I turned bright red and they both looked at me intently. Now I had started noticing stronger smells around me, both pleasant and less than that. That I smelled muskier, but not in an unpleasant way, I knew. Blake’s scent was even more appealing to me now than before. I jerked uncontrollably, then I managed to exert some control.
Drake asked, “Has she done that before?”
Blake replied, “She did that in her sleep repeatedly last night, but I thought she was having dreams.”
Drake said, “It’s a symptom of a finished change. I think she can morph anytime she wants to, but she’s blocking it.”
Blake looked at me. “Why would you block it?”
“I’m not doing it on purpose. I’ve fought for control for so many years, maybe I just don’t know how to let her loose.”
He said, “Let’s go for a walk. Maybe you’ll relax enough to morph.”
“Be careful. We’ve had some trespassers lately.”
Blake asked, “Humans or wolves?”
“Both.”
They exchanged a look of concern and I wondered what was going on. There was no point in asking. Drake wouldn’t tell me, and Blake wouldn’t answer with Drake around. I decided to pretend that I hadn’t noticed their concern.
Looking around Drake’s office while the men discussed the move Blake would be making and who might decide to go with him, I saw the furniture was heavy and old. The desk was beautiful and a dark wood that I couldn’t name. It was huge, maybe eight feet across. The bookshelves that covered half the walls matched it in age and seemed to be made of the same wood. The floor was wood as well, though lighter and didn’t look as old as the furniture. Not surprising, since the building couldn’t be much more than thirty years old. It didn’t look like it had ever been remodeled, although some things might need it eventually, it was solid and well maintained.
Blake repeated what he said, “Ariel, are you ready to go now?”
I hadn’t heard him the first time because I was lost in thought. “Yes, sorry, I wasn’t paying attention.”
Drake seemed to think it was funny and was holding in his laughter.
We left the office and Blake asked, “What were you thinking about that kept you concentrating so hard?”
“I was just looking at the room. The furniture is very nice. How old is the building? I would guess thirty years or so.”
He replied, “Thirty-five, why does that interest you?”
I smiled. “It is a hobby of mine, property and remodeling that is.”
He said, “I noticed how you handled the deal with Abe. You saved us a good amount of money. You looked like you did that often. Are you a real estate agent?”
“Oh, no. I have just done more than my share of buying, selling, and renting to others.”
He asked, “You own the place where you live, don’t you?”
“I manage it. It’s in a trust I run, I own a few rentals and a couple parcels of land.”
“Anything that might work for the people planning on coming with me?”
“I have one opening in a couple weeks and I thought about buying some more. It’s a buyer’s market right now.”
We entered the woods, and it was a winter wonderland. Everything was sparkling as the sun hit the snow that blanketed all the trees and the ground around us. Our breath froze as it went outward in little puffs that looked like smoke. I could hear the wind howling, but we were protected by the trees, and it no longer seemed to cut through me, chilling me to the bone as it had earlier. Blake was facing me and the look on his face warmed me and started the heat spreading through me. We stepped towards each other and now we could touch. He pulled me into his arms and gently kissed my lips. He teased me, touching lightly, but never giving me the deep, intense kiss that I needed. As I tried to lean in closer, he would pull back just enough to keep me wanting more.
An awful pain hit me, and I fell to the ground. My limbs distorted and my vision blurred while I was wracked with waves of pain similar to childbirth, like I needed something to happen, to complete itself, but it refused to go all the way. As it started to ease, I realized I was soaked in sweat. My arms itched so I unzipped my coat and reached beneath my sweater and felt fur. I looked to Blake with panic and confusion.
He said, “It’s alright, Ariel. You just had a partial morph. It will correct itself when you morph completely.”
I replied, “I have fur on my upper arm.”
He wanted to see it, so I removed my coat and pulled off my sweater. There was a small patch of fur just below my shoulder. It was soft and white as snow. Blake let out the breath he had been holding. He said, “Next time the change will be complete.”
We went back to the house where there was a new arrival. He was a tall, handsome man with broad shoulders and a perfect smile. His hair was sandy blond and his eyes hazel. When Blake saw him, he said, “We will have to meet with him in Drake’s office.
The man looked at me intently, examining my features, and he seemed to be trying to see into my mind. He acted as if he was in charge, making me wonder if he was an elder even though he didn’t look like he had hit forty yet. The guy turned and walked to Drake’s office and Blake pushed me along. The door was open when we went in and closed the door behind us.
Drake asked, “How is her change going?”
Blake replied, “I think next time it will be complete.”
The newcomer asked, “Any sign of fur?”
Blake said, “A patch and it is white.”
The newcomer asked, “Did it stay on her?”
Blake nodded so the newcomer said, “I want to see it.”
I said, “I’m not going to undress in front of you two.” Then I lifted my chin looking directly into his eyes in the age-old expression of defiance.
Drake said, “David, she is a little willful. We have been working on her.”
“What exactly does that mean?” I asked, annoyed not only by what he said, but also how he said it.
David replied, “I am one of the elders, and you need to learn respect and obedience.”
I know I had an expression of surprise on my face because my mouth had almost dropped open. “I don’t know you people. Respect is earned or given through association to what is familiar to us. I would give a judge or policeman respect even though I don’t know him because that was taught to me all my life. You or your associates, I don’t know and yet you expect respect and blind obedience.”
He didn’t seem upset even though Drake and Blake did. He thought about it a moment and answered calmly, “Your books show that you know the ways of the wolf, and in your books, you show respect for the alphas and the elders. Why would you not show respect now?”
Smart man, he is using logic. I said, “Show me why you should have authority over me.”
David gave the question careful consideration. He replied, “You no doubt realize by now that you are a wolf. You know that as a wolf, we must ensure that you do not endanger other wolves. Once you mated with Blake, you became part of Drake’s pack until the division is complete. Even if you don’t wish to be part of it, your mate has complete authority over you in these matters and when you agreed to join with him, you were aware of that rule. He wants you to obey. Whether you think so or not, you will need the support of the pack as you adapt to the changes you have gone through. I think you will learn to relax and enjoy the social environment you will live in.”
I turned to look at Blake. I thought David was right and Blake wanted me to do as I was told. He nodded encouragingly. I replied, “I suppose I will give it a try, if you can try to be understanding since it is a difficult adjustment, and I may fail at times.”
Drake looked surprised, Blake looked relieved, and David looked like he expected me to agree. It was hard to give up my autonomy to follow someone else’s rules. Right now, they were looking at me expectantly, so I remembered they wanted to see the fur on my arm. It was embarrassing, but I handed Blake my coat and pulled off my sweater. I turned so the fur was visible.
David came closer to me touching it as if he couldn’t believe it was real. I started to jerk and felt my temperature rise. I couldn’t see clearly, and my heartbeat went crazy. All three men were looking at me in a way that made me quickly put my sweater on. Blake became aware of the extra attention Drake and David were giving me so he said, “I’ll take her out and we’ll see if the change will be smooth this time.”
David said, “I’d like to observe, if you don’t mind.”
Blake nodded and he followed us out with Drake trailing behind. Blake took me to the same spot as last time. He kissed me again in that light, teasing way. I couldn’t get him to give me the deep, passionate kiss I wanted, and I started to wonder if he was trying to distract me when I felt a strong ache in my bones. It was agony, but only for a few moments until I was different. Now I was lower to the ground and my vision blurred. When it cleared, I knew I had turned into a wolf, because I was not far off the ground. My eyes adjusted to the change and though colors seemed muted, I could detect them. Odd, I had always thought wolves were colorblind.
I looked down as I tried to walk even though my legs wobbled. There on my legs, I could see the fur and it was snow white. Once I stretched my legs, I started to develop some balance. As I took a few steps, I was feeling stronger. Long repressed instincts began to kick in, and the fact that my human body was fit, helped me adjust quickly. Wanting to run, I looked at the three males, all now in their wolf forms. I took off down the path. They were surprised and didn’t start running right away, giving me a lead. I put on speed, running the path Blake and I had walked earlier. I glanced back to see Blake was in the lead with Drake close behind him. David was a little further behind. Blake was gaining on me, but slowly. His larger size made it hard for me to outdistance him, but I tried.
Now I could hear him breathing, he was so close. He launched through the air and tackled me. We rolled over and over in the snow. We finally came to a stop with him on top, holding me down. I closed my eyes and moved my head to the side. It was a classic gesture of submission. Not only did it leave my throat open to him, but it also left me open to whatever he decided to do. When nothing happened, I opened my eyes and looked at him. He just looked at me and I could see need and want, but I couldn’t be sure about the love I needed to see.
He licked my face, turned, and then headed back. I got up, shook the snow off my fur, and ran behind him. Drake and David ran behind me. We changed back at the same placed we had morphed into wolves. Blake pulled me into his arms to hold me tight. He whispered in my ear, “You are the most beautiful she-wolf I have ever seen.”
We walked back to the office in silence. Drake closed the door and said, “I couldn’t believe it when you turned into a white wolf. It was incredible. I’ve never even seen a wolf with white on them. Light grey or light brown, but werewolves just aren’t white.”
David said, “We know there was at least one many years ago, and she told us there would be others.”
Drake didn’t say anymore he just looked at me thoughtfully. I felt hot and took my coat off. I looked at Blake wishing we were in our room, alone. Now I was sweating, and I felt my temperature rising. All three men were looking at me with interest, making me wonder what I had done now.

(Blake)

When I saw the perspiration on her brow, I felt the heat that was coming off her. I could smell the pheromones she was releasing. When I saw Drake and David staring at her with interest, I knew we needed to go to our room. “Ariel, we need to go.”
She followed me upstairs, we entered the room, and I closed the door. Pulling her into my arms, I teased her with soft kisses knowing it would drive her wild. I softly stroked her, running my hands down her body. Ariel was mine and I told her so as I pulled off her sweater and started exploring her skin from her neck down. Licking and nipping her flesh until she moaned softly, it made me want her even more. My mate pushed me away to unbutton my shirt slowly, exploring me with her hands and her mouth. I reached behind her unhooking her bra to let it slide off and then I pulled her into my arms feeling her soft skin up against mine as I fought for control. I wanted to go slowly even though she clearly didn’t.
Ariel slid her tongue along my neck lingering on the spot she had blooded me. I was sure she was reminding me I was hers. Why she would worry about anyone else being on my mind, I couldn’t imagine. All she-wolves were strong and lean by virtue of being part of our race, but I thought she was the most beautiful and desirable of them all. Even as a human, I had found her irresistible. Although I probably should feel guilty for what I had done to her, since she was such a wild and free spirit and now, because of me, she would be reined in. She would have to submit to me, to the elders, and possibly, for a little while, to Drake. I just couldn’t feel anything but happy that she was mine. Her whole life was changing, and if you considered everything, she had adjusted well and quickly.
I shivered as she lightly traced her fingers down my chest and lower still. Now I gave up on going slow and finished undressing her. Then she helped me undress as well. Pulling her down on the bed as I felt my instincts take over, I could smell the need as it rolled off her like a blanket. It made me sure she could tell that I felt the same desire she did. If things were different, we would stay in here for anywhere from a week to two weeks, venturing forth only for meals. Just like wolves, the need to continue the species was strong in us, and a female’s fertile cycle came only once a year. This time, we would not be able to concentrate on our time together, too much was happening.
Pulling her to me on the bed, feeling her soft skin against me, heat rushed through us as we joined together as one. I could feel her emotions, her pleasure, and it multiplied mine. Knowing I could push her over the edge giving her such ecstasy, completed mine. She was everything to me and I knew I would die without her. Feeling I hadn’t truly lived before I had met her, she would give meaning to my life. Finished and exhausted, we fell asleep in each other’s arms.
We woke during the night, and I looked at her. Her human form had gone through some changes too. She stirred as I said, “Hey, there.”
“Hey there to you. It can’t be much fun just watching me.”
“You’ve changed a lot. Have you looked in a mirror lately?”
She shook her head and got up to go to the bathroom. “Oh my God!” She came back out and said, “What happened to me?”
“The change causes adjustments to your human form as well. It finds a balance for your body and your age. It takes you to the age you were at optimum health and makes you stronger and faster. That is one of the reasons we don’t like to change humans. If the word got out, people would want to find us to help them regain their lost youth. The only bad thing is your joining scar is gone. I may have to give you another one.”
We curled up together and went back to sleep.
Chapter 5

The National Council




(Blake)

I felt a light, soft touch and started to wake. It kept coming back, getting firmer each time. It made me open one eye, just a little, and I saw her running her fingertips over my chest, smiling like she was misbehaving. Reaching out quickly to grab her wrist, it made her slide closer so I could pull her on top of me. Damn, she felt good. She said, “It took long enough to get your attention.”
“You’ve got my attention now.”
She giggled. “I can feel it!” Ariel lowered her lips to mine giving me a passionate kiss while her long hair hung around us like a curtain. It wouldn’t hurt to linger just a little while longer.
We made it downstairs around suppertime. The nature of life in the pack meant that people were in and out all day long. Not everyone made it at regular mealtimes. It seemed we had just missed it. It didn’t matter because someone fixed us each a plate out of the leftovers. Ariel said, “I’m Ariel, aren’t you Cindy’s mom?”
She replied, “Yes, I’m Tammy.”
“I heard you might be coming with us.”
“That was when I thought Blake would be without a mate. Now Drake is the one without a mate.”
I was surprised. “Didn’t Drake and Cindy join?
Tammy asked, “Did no one tell you that she changed her mind at the last minute?”
I said, “No, no one told me.”
Ariel looked at me and I suppose I should have reassured her, but I was so mad that neither of them told me. It made me feel stupid, like I was the only one who didn’t know. That didn’t really matter, I didn’t want Cindy. I think I had only considered her the best choice of what was available to me. My plan had been to be an alpha and an alpha needed a mate. We had been raised together, so I would always care for her in some way, but Ariel was the right one for me. Cindy was to be my mate, but when she found out Drake would be alpha of our pack, she chose him instead. She didn’t realize at the time, that I would be getting my own pack as well. I couldn’t help but wonder if that was why she had rejected Drake now. It appeared Cindy wouldn’t be an alpha’s mate after all.
Ariel said, “Tammy, don’t let me discourage you if you want to come. I’m not territorial about my kitchen. Don’t feel like you wouldn’t be welcome.” She smiled to show she meant it. I wondered if Tammy would come or not. I thought she probably wanted a change.
Tammy said, “Tell me about your home.”
Ariel said, “It’s nearly new, rustic log cabin style with a kitchen that can feed an army. We have an orchard, a vegetable garden, we keep bees, and have chickens that supply our eggs. We do a lot for ourselves. If you’re not sure, come for a visit and decide.”
Tammy said, “It sounds wonderful, and I think I will come for a visit.”
She left to do some chores or possibly to give us some time alone. I said, “You know you don’t have to let someone else take over your house.”
Ariel smiled at me. “I know, but she seems sweet, and I am busy with writing, other business, and I think it would work out great.”
We turned in for the night because I think we really needed the rest. We slept until morning when I woke her, so we could have breakfast. I might have lingered had I not remembered the elders would arrive today. Once we got downstairs, it was like a beehive. That wasn’t unusual around here at all.
Looking over at Ariel I saw she was finishing her food. I wondered if the elders would let her continue to write or if that had even occurred to her, but I thought it hadn’t. Maybe they would since she wasn’t writing werewolf novels anymore. Giving up her writing would hurt her, so I decided not to mention it and just hope for the best. Drake came in and stood looking at us. “Are they all here now?” I asked.
He nodded so I motioned to Ariel. She would get to meet the National Council of Elders, but she didn’t look very happy. At least she wasn’t scared either. I didn’t know if that was good or not. It was my hope that she would behave. We went out a side door, down the path to the large meetinghouse. It was intended to be a meetinghouse when needed but a gym the rest of the time. There was a stage with a podium in the middle with folding chairs facing it.
Bleachers were against the walls, but they were all folded up and out of the way right now. There were ten elders, and I was sure they would all be here for this meeting. Not only would they have their chance to confront an author they had long wanted to find, but she had turned out to be a white wolf. They had tried to find out who she was, but there had been no way to do it without attracting attention. She wasn’t causing enough trouble to warrant the risk, so they had been unwilling to take the next step.
Now we were going to find out what they wanted to do. She walked in ahead of me acting confident. I was sure she wasn’t feeling that way because Drake and I were slightly intimidated by this impressive gathering of alphas. Most of them didn’t look over forty and they were all attractive, physically powerful men that had an air of authority about them. We sat down in the seats pack members used when there was a meeting while they sat around the podium facing us. I looked at Ariel and she was sizing them up, but only looking at each one briefly to avoid offending them. At least, I hoped that was her plan. I hoped she would use that charm she had applied to Drake. Never, had I seen him give in like that before.
When the head of the council stood up, everyone stood up with him. He addressed Drake, “You have done us a great service by bringing us Maggie Elmsworth. I understand she has joined with your brother. Is there anything else you have to share with us?” I wondered if he already knew or if he was asking to ensure he had the facts.
Drake replied, “There is. She has undergone her first change and she is a white wolf.”
I could see Ariel’s face flush and I didn’t think she was happy with all the attention. Most of the council looked shocked, but the speaker didn’t. I guess David had shared the news, but only with him.
One of the council members asked for permission to speak. It was William, and he was from New York. He was a very old werewolf. No one knew how old he was, but some speculated that he wasn’t sure himself. He looked about sixty with some battle scars and he was from Europe originally but had come here with some of the earliest settlers. It was rumored that he had been at the doomed settlement at Roanoke, Virginia. Some thought several werewolves had been members and that settlers were abducted by vampires. The word Croatan, left inscribed on a post at the remnants of this lost colony, was also the name of a vampire lord well known for his cruelty throughout Europe in years before. No one was brave enough to ask him if it was true.
William asked, “Is this certain? She is not light grey or beige, is she?”
Everyone looked at Ariel and I knew they would expect to see her change before they would believe it. Ariel stood and said in a rather odd voice, “William, you look good for your eight hundred years.” I looked closely seeing her eyes were glazed and stared straight ahead. She shook her head and blinked her eyes and she looked more like her usual self now. I asked, “What just happened?”
Ariel said, “I don’t know. Sorry, I was kinda out of it. Did I miss something?”
I looked at William and he looked shook up making me wonder why. It was odd that she spoke to him as if she knew him, but someone must have told her about him. She had a lot of odd quirks anyway.
The speaker said, “Blake, you and Drake must leave us, now.” I didn’t want to go, but she smiled and nodded at me which made me hope she would be alright.

(Ariel)

As soon as Blake and Drake were gone, the speaker asked me why I had addressed William. I replied, “I’m sorry, I space out sometimes. If I said anything improper, I meant no disrespect.” I was feeling a little confused and I wondered why my spells were back now, but I guess it was too much excitement and change in such a short time.
He said, “You said nothing wrong. We have wanted to talk to you as a writer for some time now. Tell us where you get you information from.”
I explained my inner animal and my dreams to him, and I admitted she had been against me writing the stories, but I ignored her protests. The books were fiction, surely no one would believe them anyway. I told them I had written my last of that series so there would be no more werewolf books. Since he had a computer, I asked him to look it up to see that the book was advertised as the last one in the full moon series. When I had ended it, the werewolves had decided to blend in with humans and mate with other wolves no more. Since it was set two hundred years ago, the epilogue said… if you feel like howling at the full moon or running through the forest at night, you just might have some of the last traces of a real werewolf in you. I thought it was a nice touch and it basically ended the werewolf race. Next, I directed him to a site where he could download the book and gave him my code which would allow him to get it free. That way he would know I was telling the truth.
He came down from the podium and sat beside me. The male said, “I know why your mate didn’t want to leave you.” I could see he was sniffing around me. “We will need to see you change to be sure you are indeed a white wolf. We have a printout on you, Blake certainly picked a mate who can help him with his new pack. He doesn’t know much about you, though, does he?” I shook my head. “I can understand in your position not wanting him to know before the joining, but why not tell him now? Are you insecure? You shouldn’t be, it’s clear that he is devoted to you.”
“I’ll tell him a little bit at a time. It shouldn’t surprise him since I do have a solid career with a bestselling series behind me. When I did the real estate stuff before, as I made more money from the writing, I invested it back into that business. My youngest son hated his job, so we started a company buying selling, remodeling, and renting properties. It has done well, and Matt will eventually run it by himself.”
He asked, “You’re wealthy, why don’t you live like it?”
I replied, “I prefer a simple life most of the time. The times I have to do events for my writing satisfies any need I have to live like a celebrity and I’m always happy to get back home.”
“We’ll try to get you back there in a day or two. In the meantime, enjoy your time here and think of it as a vacation.”
I raised my eyebrows at him. Was he joking? It was one stressful situation after another. He dismissed me and I went to find Blake, I found him in the kitchen and Cindy had him cornered. He had an uncomfortable look on his face. As I slid passed Cindy, I threw myself into his arms, gave him a big kiss, and whispered, “Let’s go up to our room. I feel a heat wave coming on.”
When I turned to look at Cindy, she looked displeased at the turn of events. I asked, “You’re Drake’s girlfriend, aren’t you? I haven’t had a chance to meet you yet.”
She gave me an unfriendly look and said, “Drake and I aren’t seeing each other anymore.”
“That’s too bad.” I looked at Blake.
“We have to go, Cindy. I’ll see you later.”
We went to our room, he closed the door, and when he turned, I grabbed him to pull him into my arms kissing him passionately.
He said, “I’m sorry I had to leave you alone with the elders.”
“You can make it up to me now.”
He traced the outline of one side of my face then ran his finger up my chin and over my lips. I caught his finger in my mouth, drew it in further, and swirled my tongue around it. His eyes darkened with desire, and he started to undress me. First, he unsnapped my bra and stroked my back all the way down to my jeans. They fit loosely, now, so he slid his hands lower and cupped my rear, pulling me hard up against him and I felt his need for me and smiled. The want and the need were there, maybe the love would follow.
Blake pulled my sweater over my head then slid my bra off. He was in a hurry, now, so was I. The heat was rising and with it the need to find release. We fell on the bed together, inseparable as our shared desire brought us to this point. Skin against skin, kissing passionately as we joined, clinging, holding, searching for that indescribable pleasure that we gave each other. We searched for those sensations that continued to build until they burst like a dam filled with emotions and feelings taking us over the edge into pure bliss. The two of us lay there trying to recover from the physical and mental exhaustion our joining had brought. He pulled me up against him and we both fell asleep.
I could feel their hot breath on my neck as I zigzagged to throw them off. Another one was in the lead, but he was gaining on me, and I was terrified that they would catch me. I didn’t know what they would do, but I knew I wouldn’t like it since I could smell the evil coming off them. They would take away everything I cared about and remove all the good from the world. He was so close, I could feel him on my heels, and he was about to jump to take me down. The panic I could feel rising in me, spurring me on to a burst of speed.
“Ariel, wake up.” Blake looked at me with concern. He said, “I think I saw some of your dream, but it was shadowy.”
I said, “It’s a rare thing to dream share. Tell me about it.”
“You were being chased by shadowy figures, but they were catching up. You were frightened and you were near the end of your endurance. I feared they would catch you so I woke up and I decided to wake you too, so you would be safe.”
“I don’t know what will happen if they catch me, but they get closer every dream.”
He said, “Don’t worry, I’m here to protect you.”
My mate pulled me into his arms where I felt free from the cares and worries of life for a little while. Nothing could hurt me when I was cocooned in his strong arms and pressed up against him with my cheek against his heart. I snuggled up to him. He is mine.
All too soon, he woke me again. “We need to make an appearance to see what the elders are going to do.
We dressed and went to the kitchen. Drake was there speaking to some of the elders. They all appeared to be examining me, I now seemed to be an oddity. Drake said, “I’m glad you’re here. The elders have called a meeting in about an hour. Everyone that can, will be there. They want both of you there as well.”
Blake motioned for Drake to step away with him, but I could tell he didn’t want me to listen in. I chatted with some of the people at the table. Many were curious about the place Blake would now call home. Some were considering coming with us, some just wanted to know about it. It was a common practice to visit other packs when taking vacations so they would have privacy with a place to run. A wolf could get in trouble out on their own in an unfamiliar place, so many of them were terrified of the prospect of vacationing alone. Several of the young unjoined men were hanging around longer than they needed to. They asked questions about the area, but they seemed to be edging closer the longer they stayed.
I was starting to feel hot, and my heart rate seemed to have risen. One particularly brazen young man was whispering in my ear. The guy was leaning in close though I kept edging back, but he just moved closer. I had to admit he was gorgeous by any standards. He had a lean, well-built body that no doubt drew the eye of females wherever he went. The male wore his light blond hair a little long with a windblown, rakish look that was, quite frankly, hot. His eyes were gray but changed color. Right now, he was invading my space and they looked a deep blue. He smelled like the outdoors, but there was an added smell of musk. It made me wonder if he was aroused and my eyes unconsciously went down his chest, his belly, stopping on the evidence of just that. My face flushed, then my eyes went to his smile because he knew what I had been looking at. I made excuses to leave before things got out of hand, but he caught my arm to pull me back.
“I would never leave you at a time like this.” He whispered in my ear.
“I need to go.”
He said softly, “I know what you need.”
Blake had come in and now he pulled him away from me. I wondered how long he had been standing there watching. “What is it you think she needs?”
“A more attentive mate, one who isn’t mooning over a lost love.” He replied.
Drake came in, or maybe he had been standing by watching too. He took control and sent the young man on his way with a stern warning before he told Blake to take me upstairs and get back as soon as we could. Blake grabbed my hand to drag me along. It was clear he was angry. After we entered, he slammed the door, he turned to me, and said, “What do you think you were doing out there?”
I said, “Trying to get away. What do you think I was doing?”
He was making me mad, so I turned to go in the bathroom to cool off, but he grabbed me spinning me around. “Don’t turn your back on me!”
“Or you’ll do what?” I turned around quickly, intending to escape him, but he was faster. He pulled me up against him hard and gave me a punishing kiss. Blake pushed me on the bed and fell on top of me, effectively preventing any escape attempt. I struggled, furious with him and I tried to buck him off his superior position. Apparently, it had a different result, he moaned and started kissing me with a different kind of passion. I was quickly caught up in it as he stroked me to a fever pitch, then undressed me and continued as I tried to undress him. He stopped and I whimpered in frustration and opened my eyes to see he was removing the clothing that prevented our joining. Good, now we were both on equal footing and I could stroke him wherever I wanted, which I did. Passion ruled us as we joined together in a way as old as time, yet still full of new discoveries for us. We caught the tide of passion riding it ever higher until we crashed, exhausted and satiated.
Rest was all I wanted, but Blake said, “We have to go. They expect us.”
Although I knew he was right, my body needed rest. As I finally dragged myself out of bed, I hoped the shower would reenergize me. It helped, but I was still sluggish when I came out to find Blake ready to go, looking more refreshed than anyone had a right to, after what we had just done. I glared at him, but he smiled at me. Well, at least he wasn’t angry anymore. We hurried to enter the meeting just after it started. All eyes were on us as we moved to sit down. I noticed the young single males seemed to dominate the front of the room. Couples, families, and the older people gravitated toward the middle with the single females at the rear of the room. This was probably because women’s rights hadn’t hit the werewolf world yet.
I was sure it wouldn’t be long, and I smiled as I thought of how some of these older conservative men would react to having to listen to a woman. It wasn’t that women had no say. They did and they had a vote in most things. They simply weren’t given positions of authority. The elders were always men at every level as were councilmen. Alphas were men and the female beta was a rare thing as well.
Blake took me to the front of the room. “They will want you to answer questions.”
Hoping fervently that I would not be pulled into the middle of this meeting since I avoided these types of gatherings, I feared the worst. Sometimes they were a necessary evil, such as book signings, but most of them I managed to ditch. The elders watched us as we sat, and then the chief elder, Blake said his name was Thomas, started speaking again.
He said, “There is some good news about dividing the pack. It seems that Blake’s mate will be able to find jobs and housing for several families once she knows what you need, and she has some room available. Tomorrow, when they leave, several people will be able to accompany them if they wish.”
I started to say something, but then I sat back instead. Blake looked at me with irritation. Maybe the elders thought I had shared my background with Blake, but there had been no time.
Everyone seemed to get excited by this news.
Thomas said, “Does anyone have questions?” Hands were immediately raised. “Are the questions about the move?” Everyone nodded so he said, “I will let Ariel answer those questions.”
Everyone turned to look at me. I stood and called on the first man. There were about twenty people with questions, so I decided just to give them the information they needed. First, I explained the jobs that I had available and what temporary housing I could manage. Next, I explained the types of jobs available in the area and the rentals that I could find. Schools weren’t an issue because their children were homeschooled. There were a few more questions about recreation in the area and what the locals were like before I was done. Now, Blake would be planning the trip so everyone would want to talk to him, so I sat back, relaxed, and watched him work.
He took charge and when he spoke, everyone listened. It looked like a lot of people were interested in going, tomorrow. The plane was bound to be full, and I needed to talk to Matt about preparing a place for all these people. The girl I had noticed the other day, who didn’t seem to like Cindy, approached me. She said, “I’m Sally. I wondered what kind of jobs a girl might find.”
“What kind of job do you want?”
“I would like construction, but girls can’t do that around here unless they know someone.”
“Do you have any experience?”
“I used to work with my dad on construction jobs when he managed a construction company, but he lost his job because of the economy.”
“Is he was moving too?”
“It hasn’t been decided. Mom doesn’t want to leave, and he doesn’t want to upset her.”
“How about a vacation so they can see the area. Maybe your mom will like it there. As far as the job goes, you can start on the construction job as soon as you want, but please do not mention it to anyone for now.” I really needed to tell Blake more before anyone else did.
It was a while before Blake was finally done, and several of the people planning on traveling with us stopped by to see me. They wanted to ask questions, so I thought, they probably wanted to figure out what I was like. All of them left before Blake made it back to me.
I said, “Blake, we need to talk.”
Through clenched teeth, he said, “Yes, we do.” He dragged me off to our room again. After the door closed, he said, “Did you forget to tell me something?”
I said, “I might have had some resources we didn’t discuss yet. Why does that make you mad?”
He said, “It looks like everyone else knows more about you than I do.”
The look I gave him was defiant. “The way I see it, you didn’t tell me you were a werewolf until after you bit me, so I still have some catching up to do.” I looked at him intently. His anger seemed to be gone. “Matt and I run a small real estate business. We buy, sell, remodel, and rent out properties.”
“I thought you said you weren’t a real estate agent.”
“I’m not. There are several brokers I work with, and Abe is one of them.”
He replied. “That still doesn’t explain how you can get jobs and housing for so many people.”
“We were about to enlarge the business. The housing is mostly on my place. We have several places to keep people. One is a tornado/bomb shelter in the mountain that will house up to twenty people if they don’t need too much privacy. The boys each have their own apartment in the building that we drove by that looks like a barn, and they will have to share so that leaves a small two bedroom for a family. It will be the one downstairs because Matt won’t give his up, Danny will have to. I don’t know what you’re complaining about. Doesn’t this make things easier on you?”
He sighed. “Yes, you’re right.”
“I’m glad you finally figured that out.”
“Figured what out?”
“That I’m always right.”
He smiled. “You wish.”
“Right now, I think we need to get lunch before it’s too late.”
He said, “Alright, I’m hungry too.”
Chapter 6

Back to the Farm




(Ariel)

We went downstairs to join a group of people eating. Some of the elders were leaving to go home, some would leave in the morning, and finally, we would drop some off on our way as we flew back. Blake told me we would be taking their largest plane tomorrow.
As we sat down to eat, Thomas came in to sit across from us. He said, “After dinner, you need to go with us, you will have to morph so the elders can see it.”
I just nodded since I was expecting this before we left. We finished up and went to the clearing just inside the woods where the elders were already waiting for us. Blake had told me to just imagine being a wolf then it would happen. I asked him about the whole problem with clothing before my first morph, but he said it was just part of the process, not to worry about it. Clothing and any other nonliving items on your body at the time you morph, simply goes through the change with you. It disappears, then reappears when you turn back. In the dark ages, the story had spread that werewolves turned back naked or with remnants of their clothing still on them. It simply wasn’t true. He told me humans felt safer if they thought something made werewolves easier to identify like running through the woods naked or in shredded clothing and I suppose that made sense.
Now we were here, everyone was looking at me expectantly, and I hoped the fact that I was nervous wouldn’t cause problems. Blake held my hand while I thought about becoming a white wolf, then suddenly, I was. I saw no one else had morphed, but I was excited and wanted to run. Turning my head sideways then tilting it up, I looked at Blake. He recognized my desire to run, but he shook his head. No freedom for me right now.
I rubbed up against his legs circling around him. If I couldn’t run, I wanted to play. He didn’t respond but he looked stressed, so I looked around. Someone else had joined us. He was as tall as Blake with silvery hair, though he wasn’t old enough to be gray. His eyes were an unusual pale green, but they had a yellow glow to them. He reminded me of the forgotten ones. That scared me, so I hid behind Blake to morph back to human form. As I peeked around Blake, I studied the newcomer. He was staring at me intently and again I wanted to run away. He walked up to Blake, and they shook hands.
Blake said, “Antonio, how nice to see you.” There was an edge to his tone that made me believe Blake wasn’t so happy to see him at all.
Antonio said, “Blake, good to see you as well. I heard you found a real treasure.” He looked at me as he said it. Blake made no move to introduce us or to pull me forward where I would be easily seen. Animosity flared between the two of them until I wondered if they had a history.
Thomas stepped up. “Come here, Ariel. This is Antonio and he is here representing the World Council of Elders.”
Antonio stared at me so intently, my face heated, and I wasn’t sure what the protocol was, so I offered my hand for a handshake. He took it but pulled me in for a hug. “Let me welcome you to our race.”
A shiver ran through me, and I was sure he noticed. He smiled, making me think it pleased him that I feared him. I felt evil coming from him, although I could not say how I knew it. I said, “Pleased to meet you.” Luckily, my manners were on automatic.
He didn’t let me go, even though I tried to pull back. Blake stepped up. “I’ll take my mate back now.”
Antonio let me go reluctantly. “Of course, I was just so glad to finally meet her.”
I recognized that he was unbelievably attractive, and I was sure most women would have gone crazy over his Italian accent and deep, masculine voice, but I just wanted to get away from him. I looked at Blake and he was looking at me. I think he sensed my tension. “Ariel had a difficult day, and we have an early morning, I hope you will excuse us.”
Everyone said they understood, so we headed to our room. After we entered and the door was closed, Blake said, “He made you uncomfortable. Tell me why.”
“He reminded me of those wolves that chase me in my dreams. He frightens me and I sense evil in him.”
“I don’t like him either, but you can’t be right. He is highly respected by the world council.”
“I don’t have to see him again, do I?” I asked.
Blake replied, “I’m not sure, I hope not.”
While I thought we would take a nap, Blake had something different in mind, so I went to take my shower first. Once I was undressed and the shower was on, he slipped in. “I knew you wouldn’t mind if I joined you.”
It wasn’t set up like the condo in Branson or even my showers at home. It was just a tub with no steps or extra spaces here. He lathered up and slid his hands over my skin starting at my neck, slowly working his way down. Then he rinsed me off and I looked at him through half closed eyes, full of want. He leaned in, kissed me gliding his hands down low and pulled me up against him. Oh, dear Lord, that felt so good. He pulled me under the spray still stroking me as he rinsed me.
My control was slipping until I just wanted to feel him, all of him, up against me. Blake must have realized what I needed so he stepped out of the shower, picked me up, and carried me to the bed. My mate didn’t seem to mind that I was dripping wet. He slid on top of me, kissing and stroking me until I was almost out of my mind. Only then did he give me the sweet release I sought, and I fell asleep in his arms.
Blake was busy in the morning getting everyone organized for the flight. The large plane would be full, so he was ensuring everyone had a seat and everyone’s bags were loaded. I called Matt last night to be sure he would have everything ready, and he wanted to ask questions, but I said we would talk when I got home. We went to the airport where everything went quickly. Private planes were great, I could get used to this expedited process. Blake said that they rented buses and we had left his SUV at the airport, so we had transportation home from there. We landed and went through checks in no time. The two buses were waiting close by.
Blake and I went to the SUV pulling up to be sure everyone was loaded. Phil, a beta that Blake was considering for his top beta position, rode with us along with his wife and children. In the wild, wolf packs could have more than one beta. In the werewolf pack, it was essential due to the size of the packs and the complications of modern life. Wolf packs in the wild generally had ten wolves or less. Werewolf packs often had several hundred, sometimes in rare circumstances, thousands. Drake’s pack had over five thousand people and with the land they had, it simply couldn’t accommodate them anymore. Many of his pack members had to find places away from the pack’s land or even in nearby towns. It was simply unacceptable for a wolf to be closed in like that. That didn’t even take into consideration the new members they refused due to lack of room. Splitting the pack would give them some relief, but Blake would need more land soon.
We arrived and Matt and Danny were at the house waiting. I had hoped they would be at work so I could settle everyone in first. Since they were there, I put them to work taking people where they would stay. Over half the people were single males because they would do construction work. Tammy had come to help feed and look after everyone. Sally was the only girl who seemed interested in construction. Phil brought his wife and two children and John, another beta, brought his wife and three children. Sally’s parents came with her for a visit, there were two more families, and the rest were single men.
John and his family stayed in Danny’s apartment, one of the families stayed in the workshop since they only had a baby who slept by their bed. There was a bedroom with a bath in it that was used when we had extra workers which we didn’t have right now. Sally stayed upstairs in my office on the daybed and her parents took one of the upstairs bedrooms. Tammy took a bedroom and Phil with his family took two. The family with the three kids stayed in the den downstairs. All the couches made into beds for the kids and there was a room that had a double bed for the parents. It wasn’t a legal bedroom because it had no closet and no real window. I never counted it as a bedroom, although sometimes I used it as one.
Matt and Danny were settling in families, so I took the guys up the mountain to their quarters. Blake insisted on going as well. I suppose he wanted to see it.

(Blake)

I couldn’t believe Ariel was going to take all those men up to their quarters alone. She looked surprised when I wanted to come with her. Ariel didn’t seem worried about dealing with them or aware of what could happen to her. My mate had a truck with a large cab for hauling a work crew and we loaded it up. Some of the guys rode in back. I wanted to drive, but she said the road was rough. She cautioned the guys in back to hold on tight before she took off and wasn’t driving slow for such a rough road. When we got near the mountain, she turned to the right. I would never have found that turn on my own, it barely looked like a trail. We pulled up to a door that I hadn’t noticed. It was big, made out of glass, and I wondered how I missed it. She went to the door and put a code in a keypad. There was a click, and she pulled the door open.
It was much nicer than I had expected. There was a small kitchen that was open to the living room. An eight-foot-long table sat between the kitchen and the rest of the place. There was a lot of stone and rough-hewn lumber and a wood fireplace with a stuffed deer head above it. She told me the deer head was Matt’s trophy. The place reminded me of a hunting lodge with modern amenities. There was a bedroom with a private bath and a larger room that looked like a bunkhouse.
It would sleep sixteen in the eight bunk bed units. Ariel said two could sleep in the bedroom because the king was made to pull apart into two twins. I asked her what she wanted to do with the two extra, and she said all the couches would make into beds. She told them the fridge was stocked, but if they needed anything just let her or Matt know. Ariel asked when they wanted to start work and they told her they were ready now.
She told them, “Come to the house for breakfast at six and we will go to the job after that.”
We left to head to the house, and I asked her, “Are you going with them?
“I always get new people started. It’s part of what I do,” she replied.
“Will Matt be with you?”
She said, “He and Danny will come because we will split the crew and work two jobs.”
When I agreed to lead part of the pack to a new place, I never imagined how difficult it would be. Ariel was wonderful. She seemed to know everyone I needed to talk to and exactly what I needed to do. My mate spent time at breakfast talking to and helping everyone that came along with us. Ariel found a job at the local electric company for Josh, the man that had brought his wife and three children with him. Dennis, the man with a wife and two children, went to work at the sheriff’s department. His wife went with him as a secretary. Ariel got a house finished the first week for Josh’s family and the next week for Dennis’. They were close by, and it worked well. Josh’s wife watched the kids and taught them at Ariel’s place. Funny, I still couldn’t think of it as home.
I was still waiting, hoping she would say she loved me, and I dreamed of the day she would love me as much as I loved her. She wanted me, there was no doubt of that, and our sex life was incredible. It seemed to get hotter and better every time. We had little time together, other than in bed and I wanted to make sure she was satisfied. Right now, it was all I could do. When things settled down a little, I intended to romance her and sweep her off her feet. I never wanted her to regret being with me.
She hadn’t been writing much because of all the work she was doing, and she went out with the construction crew almost every day and came back when they did. Ariel thought she might get the house down the road done in a few days and that would be great. It would be for John’s family. John was running some heavy equipment and leveling the ground for the homes and other buildings that were going up on our property. Phil was learning how to do the paperwork for the new construction in the evening from Ariel and she had hooked him up with the Corps of Engineers to see what we could do with our lake frontage. I spent half my day just keeping the council and Drake up to date on our progress and they were sending some more people down soon. Although I tried to get Drake to delay, he wouldn’t listen. I had a headache, and it was nearly four so Phil suggested we go have a drink at a little bar up the road.
He was insistent, so I agreed. We went in and I saw some of the guys hanging out up there. I asked, “Is this where you are when everyone thinks you are working?” One of them pointed to the corner and Ariel was sitting there lost in conversation with a nice-looking young man. She hadn’t noticed me yet and I didn’t like the familiar way he was leaning up against her. They were laughing when she looked up and she stopped as a serious look came over her face. She said something to him then the young man got up and went behind the bar. I went over to sit by her, and I was jealous and angry now. “Who is that?”
“That’s Junior, he owns this place. I’ve known him since he was knee high to a grasshopper. He’s friends with Matt and Danny.” She said it like that explained everything.
I said, calmly under the circumstances, “We’re going home now.”
She looked at me, but she was confused now showing a hint of worry. My mate should be worried because I was very angry. Ariel said, “I need to give Matt the keys and say bye to the guys.” She got up and walked to Matt looking very calm as she gave him the keys. She smiled and waved at the guys then came back to me. We left and she rode back with me.
Ariel started to say something, but I interrupted. “We’ll talk about it when we get home.” My tone was cold, and she started chewing on her lip nervously. We were back in no time, and I took her to our bedroom.
“If you want to spend time with a man, you spend it with me.” Then I grabbed her and pulled her roughly into my arms and gave her a punishing kiss.
She started to fight me, I threw her on the bed, and fell on top of her. My mate was mad now as she wriggled trying to get away. Damn that felt so good. My anger started to turn to desire as I ripped her T-shirt in half. Ariel was still fighting me, and it made me laugh. There was no way she would ever get away from me. Like it or not, she was mine. I popped the snap on the front of her bra and looked at her. Her face was flushed from the exertion of trying to get away, but her half-closed eyes couldn’t hide the desire that was taking a hold of her.
As I undid her jeans, I slid them down to her knees before I pulled off my shirt and I bent in and kissed her passionately. Once I finished undressing her, I started on myself and slid back on the bed with her. The chemistry between us was strong and she no longer wanted to get away. I continued showing her that she was mine and no one else’s. She moaned as I began to stroke her and kiss her. My mate wanted me and for now that would have to be enough. Already, I knew just where to touch her to build her to a frenzy. Her eyes were glazed with passion, I looked at her beautiful face, and felt the love burst forth. Also, I felt the need to be sure she would be mine and while she was lost in the building passion, I looked at her neck where it was exposed as her head was thrown back in wild abandon. I slid my lips to the spot where my mark had been before her change, and then I sank my teeth into the delicate skin. She moaned in pain and sank her fingernails deep into my back, but I welcomed the pain. It only added to the pleasure as wave after wave of bliss washed over us.
My newly marked mate turned on her side away from me. I could see she was angry with me now and I lay awake thinking about what I had done. My jealousy took control of me when it came to her. Those kinds of feelings I had never dealt with before. Right now, I couldn’t sleep because I needed to hold her since I was used to her body pressed to mine while I slept. It didn’t seem like she had the same problem as I could hear her breathing, slow and steady. Pulling her blanket off, she reacted instinctively to the cool temperature of the room. She moved toward my warmth and snuggled up against me. I pulled the covers back over both of us and put my arm around her possessively. No one else could have her, she was mine. I settled into my pillow and pressed against her as sleep finally visited me.
Just before dawn, I woke. She was restless and moving around fighting with the blanket. That was probably what had woken me. As I looked closely at her, her hair looked dark without some light to reveal the hints of red that came out in it. In the sun, it really showed up. It was tangled from last night and her restless movements this morning. I thought it looked sexy and reached out to run my hand lightly through a strand. Her face was relaxed, and she looked beautiful and innocent, undeserving of the life I had pushed on her and the complications that she now must deal with. Feeling a twinge of guilt, I told myself that I had no choice. Once I saw her, I couldn’t help myself. Even if I could never win her love, I had to have her in my life. I couldn’t ask for more in a mate. She was no shrinking violet, she had jumped right into the position as my mate as if she was born to it. Ariel was strong, assured, helpful, and more supportive than I could ever hope for. But she also kept part of herself hidden from me. What did I expect, anyway? I had forced this on her, and I continued to react like a jealous schoolboy around her friends.
My mate was looking at me with those unreadable green eyes. She was awake now and looked unhappy at her position so close to me. As she started to slide away from me, I reached out pulling her even closer and kissed her with all the love and passion she aroused in me. Why couldn’t she feel the same way about me? Ariel returned my kiss enthusiastically giving in to the passion that flared so easily between us. I could feel the want and the need in her kiss, in her hands as they stroked my skin, in her half-closed eyes as they looked at me, and in the moans and whimpers that my mouth and hands were eliciting from her. Someday, she will love me. We worked together, joining as one, moving as one, going toward the inevitable conclusion, a tidal wave of passion culminating in the most intense ecstasy.
She went to take a shower and I thought about joining her, but I decided I better not. I needed to get my day started and I was sure she had a busy day planned as well. It was nearly Valentine’s Day, and I didn’t know what to get her. What do you get for the woman that can get anything she needs or wants for herself? Ariel came out of the shower with just a towel on. If we had time, I would have taken it off her. My mate looked at me a moment before she spoke. “I told the guys that if we got the house done early, I would take them all for a drink. That’s why we were at the bar yesterday. They have done a great job and deserved a reward.”
I looked at her closely. She had put a band aid on her neck covering my bite. It should be healed by tomorrow. Her boys wouldn’t understand if they saw it. I said, “I may have overreacted a little, because I worry about you being alone at a place like that with all those men.”
She smiled at me. “I’ve been going there for years, and I’ve never had a single problem. Women do things on their own around here. You need to adjust to that. For now, you’d better take your shower. I know you have a lot to do today.”
It seemed I was forgiven, until next time anyway. I took my shower and thought about what she said. This was true that female wolves had less freedom in the pack, some packs anyway, than a human woman had outside of it. She was right and I guess I also needed to keep in mind that she had always been free to do as she chose. We would need to find a happy compromise. Maybe I would eventually learn to rein in my jealousy. I went in so I could dress, and she was still there.
“I wanted to tell you that I have plans for us on the thirteenth so keep your schedule clear.”
“What kind of plans?” I smiled at her.
She smiled secretively. “You’ll see. I think you’ll like it.”
That made me wonder what she was planning. It must be something for Valentines. I had nearly a week to think about it and I bet that was her plan. We ate breakfast and went our separate ways.
Today, a few more people would arrive from Drake’s pack. He had limited it to ten people, and he planned to send ten more next week. Ariel said she and Matt would pick them up in her crew truck and get them settled. That’s where she was headed now. My mate would be bringing back families and one unmated male. She took the three requested car seats for the children, and Drake assured me someone would be with them that she knew. I was still glad Matt was going.
Chapter 7

A Special Valentines




(Matt)

I was driving to the airport with Mom to pick up more of these mysterious guests. It made no sense to me. She had always been so private and careful with her decisions. Now she goes on a trip at the last minute and comes back married, with a crowd of people. They are all living close by, and she’s clearly been to a plastic surgeon or something because she doesn’t look much older than me. She’s having us enlarge the business, knocking out house after house, and she’s helping them find jobs. Then, here we are on our way to the airport picking up more people. I’ll admit, it’s helped the business and I also know she has always tried to help her tenants, sometimes too much and with disappointing results. At least these guys can work. There’s not a lazy guy in the crew and that girl, Sally, she’s something else. I’m not sure what to do with her since I really like her, but she’s part of this odd group my mom has taken up with and it scares me.
Right now, I’m driving because she has let me do the driving since I was fifteen. That’s when I got my learner’s permit. Danny never seemed to mind, and Dad even lets me drive sometimes. I wish he was here and that they were still together. Doesn’t every child want that? He seems very happy with Ina Sue and Mom seems happy most of the time with Blake, I have to admit. The dude’s handsome, rich, and charisma just surrounds him. Everyone listens to him like he’s a king or something. I don’t know what it is about him that irritates me so much. Mom says I feel my position of leadership is threatened and maybe that’s it. If he makes her happy, I guess I’ll get along with him. But if he ever hurts her…
We are at the airport, and we find parking. It’s not easy, they really need to expand the parking lot. We are just a little early, but they arrive when we do. Since when are planes on time? There’s this big, cocky guy in the lead who runs up, gives Mom a hug, lifts her in the air, and spins her around. She tried to step back, but he caught her anyway. He holds on too long, so I clear my throat.
He asked, “Who are you?” The dude is clearly annoyed, but he lets her go. Good, I don’t like him, and I just met him. It’s clear he makes Mom nervous and she’s a good judge of character, most of the time.
Mom replied, “This is Matt, your new boss.” She never tells anyone that Danny and I are her sons.
I never tell anyone either. It’s best to keep your business private. They find out eventually, but by then they really know us. At that point they realize I deserve to be boss, and they respect me. They don’t assume I am in charge just because I’m her boy. She never shares any personal information if she doesn’t have to. If anyone asks how the business is doing, she always tells them “we’re getting by”. I do things just like she does. Danny told a girl all about himself once. She thought he was rich, and she was a real gold digger. Mom found out and went to talk to her. Mom told her it was great they were getting together, and she hoped the girl had a good job because all Danny’s money was in trust, and he couldn’t get a cent of it. He had only his wages and that was all. She left and we never saw her again. Danny’s been more careful with what he shares since that.
We took everyone out to the truck and got the families loaded. Mom and I were in the front seat waiting for that pushy guy to get in. He opened Mom’s door and I thought he was going to say something, but instead he pushed his way in next to her. She said, “Frank, don’t you think you should sit with your people?”
Frank said, “Our people are fine. I wanted to talk to you and get updated about the work projects. Drake thought I might be able to lead a work crew and that would help move things along.”
He emphasized our. What had my mom married into, anyway? She moved closer to me, but he kept sliding up against her. She said, “Frank, you need to wear your seat belt, or we will get a ticket.” Everyone was watching what was going on so I was sure Blake would find out. I smiled to myself because I could almost feel sorry for Frank. Almost. He was pushy, brazen, and he had better keep his hands off my mom. I was listening to Mom and Frank talking, and she told him he needed to learn more about the business and more crew was needed before she would consider letting him lead a crew. I could see she wasn’t happy, and I knew Drake was Blake’s brother, but why was she even thinking about letting him tell her who would lead a crew? She started to ask him questions to find out his skills and I had to admit, it sounded impressive, but I wondered if he could really do all that he said he could. Mom would find out, she would test him.
One of the kids wanted to go to the bathroom, so we pulled over at a convenience store. We were halfway home and I suggested that everyone go to the bathroom and get a drink if they were thirsty. We unloaded and went inside. There was a line at the ladies’ bathroom, but the men’s didn’t have one. Frank walked by my mom and leaned in, so he rubbed up against her as he walked by.
He said, “Excuse me.” Trying to act like it was an accident, but I saw him smirking. The lady next to Mom looked shocked. She was one of the group, and I was sure she would tell Blake. I was thinking about telling him myself, but I knew Mom wouldn’t want me to. Mom liked to handle things herself, but this was something I wasn’t sure she could.
Everyone was ready so we headed back. I knew Frank would insist on sitting next to her, so I let her drive and sat by her. She looked so relieved, I felt good. Frank shot me a dirty look but sat in the back. I guess he didn’t want to sit by me. I thought it was funny, but I knew Mom was worried about having him around. Why had Blake’s brother sent such a disruptive person here when so much was already going on? I know I wasn’t being told some very important information, but I intended to find out everything eventually. As I glanced in my mirror Frank was staring at the back of my mom’s head. It was hard to get used to that look when it was aimed at my mom. He wanted her and I didn’t think he was the type to give up.
We finally made it home and Mom sent Frank up the mountain to stay with the other single guys. He didn’t look so happy, especially when she ask John to get him settled in. John had come over to have lunch with Blake who was home right now. After everyone was settled somewhere, Mom asked Blake if she could speak to him a minute. I wondered if she was going to tell him about Frank and I left to return to work. Maybe I would get to see Sally.

(Ariel)

I followed Blake into our bedroom. It was the only room we could have a private conversation in. I wasn’t sure how to bring this up to him. “I know you’re busy and I hate to bother you with such a small thing, but did you know Drake sent Frank here?” His face showed anger before he hid it. Now, I knew he didn’t know. I continued, “He says he was sent to take charge of a crew, but I don’t need a crew boss right now. If I did, he would be my last choice. He is pushy and disruptive even though he may be experienced in several areas that would be helpful.”
Blake said, “I’ll call Drake and find out what is going on.” He pulled me into his arms. “While we are in here…” I breathed in his clean manly scent. There was just a hint of the predatory wolf hiding underneath. I sank into his arms, wanting him instantly. It was crazy the way he made me feel with so little effort. He was warm and I snuggled deeper into his embrace to enjoy his essence. Boy, did I have plans for him the night before Valentines. He was going to have a serious surprise.
Finally, he got around to calling Drake after supper then he called me into our bedroom, and he didn’t look happy. He said, “The national council insists we include him, but they will rely on your judgment in how you use him.”
I looked at Blake. “Are they using him to check up on us?” I could tell by the look on his face that it hadn’t occurred to him, but now he was giving it serious thought.
“You might be right. Or they might be using his disruptive behavior to test my ability to keep order.”
“That’s a waste of their time. You have no problem keeping order.”
He smiled at me, showing tenderness and another emotion lurking at the edge. Was it desire? I couldn’t be sure, but I guess I had to be happy with whatever crumbs of affection he tossed my way. Sometimes, I wished I was a witch instead of a werewolf. I could cast a spell on him and bask in his love. But could I be satisfied if that was the only way to get it? Maybe for a little while and that was something. I was smiling like a nitwit.
“What are you smiling about?” He gave me an intent look.
“Oh, nothing. I’m just happy to be here with you.” He didn’t say anything more, but he seemed happy about that.
We were down to two days to my surprise for Blake, I was very excited, and had everything in place. He just had to like it, what man wouldn’t?
Frank had been every bit the problem I had expected. It seemed all he did was find ways to bump me or rub up on me. I couldn’t shake him when I went to the site he was working at, and Matt tried to run interference, but I really didn’t want him to. He didn’t know what he was dealing with, and I suspected Frank could be dangerous. I was not looking forward to going to the site, but I had no choice. I had put off this trip, but now he was causing trouble for Matt. I think he knew if he caused enough trouble, I would be forced to come so I could straighten things out. Matt didn’t tell me about the problems, one of the other guys did. He suggested I tell Blake, but I wasn’t going to upset him now when he was having so much trouble with the lake frontage and the apartment building, they were constructing.
I made it to the site, and I went in. Frank and Matt were having a heated discussion that was starting to escalate. I broke in, “Frank, I need to see you a moment.” He looked really happy, and I wished I could wipe that smirk off his face. He followed me to one of the few rooms with a door. It had a table where they ate lunch when they ate on site. I was really mad. “You work for Matt and if you can’t follow directions, you can go back home.” I was a little loud because I was really pissed off.
“I would rather work under you.” I knew he said it that way intentionally, but I was in no mood for it.
“If you are unhappy, leave. We have things set up a certain way, and you will follow the rules, or you aren’t welcome here.”
He was a little angry and he grabbed me to kiss me. I struggled, but his strength was superior, and his lust was taking over. Frank pushed me onto the table, and it made a loud bang. He laid on top of me trying to fondle me and popped half of the buttons off my shirt. I tried to unseat him by bucking, but it didn’t work. He whispered in my ear, “Yeah, baby, I like that.” I thought if I didn’t get help, he wasn’t going to stop, and I started to scream but, he clamped his lips down on mine. It came out more like a moan. I could think of nothing else to do, so I jerked my hand free and clawed his face. He yelled, “Damn it, you bitch,” and slapped me.
The door was breaking open and it was Matt. He pulled Frank off and punched him. Frank turned on him like a cornered wolf. He pushed him out the door, all the way across the next room, and up against the far wall. Frank held him off the floor by his throat as Matt struggled. I felt strength and anger surge through me as I pulled him off Matt and up against the wall next to where he had put Matt. I held him by his throat and lifted him off the floor. I said, “If you touch him again, I will rip your throat out. If you cause me anymore trouble, you won’t cause trouble for anyone ever again. Do you understand?”
He tried to answer but couldn’t, so he nodded. I let him slide down to the floor as I continued to look at him coldly. He finally managed to say, “Yes, I understand,” in a raspy voice.
I checked to see how Matt was. He seemed alright, but a little shook up. He asked, “How did you do that?”
“It just shows what I have always told you. I love you and your brother too much.”
“Mom, that doesn’t explain what happened. You need to get another shirt before you go to your appointment, and you have a bruise on your cheek that will be hard to explain.”
“Matt, get all the guys together for a minute. I need to talk to them.”
He gathered them quickly so I could address them. “This is just a little workplace misunderstanding and I don’t want it to leave this room. If someone talks about this, they will have me to deal with. Blake has a lot going on, so I don’t want him bothered with this. Everyone understand?” Everyone nodded and I hoped it would not get out until Frank was gone. I thought he might leave soon since there was nothing to be gained by staying here anymore. He wasn’t going to be put in charge of a crew, and he wasn’t going to get anywhere with me.
As I left, I heard Andy, one of my favorite crewmembers, talking to someone in the other room. He said, “I’ve seen she-wolves do things like that when protecting their young.”
I knew someone would figure it out eventually, I just wished he hadn’t told anyone else. It was late now, and I hurried to change before my next appointment. I called the house to see if Blake was home and he wasn’t, so I went there to change my clothes and cover up my bruise with a little makeup. It wasn’t as obvious, and I was going to be late if I didn’t hurry. I ran out the door and right into Blake’s arms. He said, “Where are you going in such a hurry?”
“I have a string of afternoon appointments which I’m about to be late to.”
He touched my face where it was bruised. “What happened here?”
“A workplace accident. I was careless and I’ve already been lectured. It won’t happen again.” I pulled away and started to go on my way, but he caught my arm and pulled me back.
“Don’t I get a more enthusiastic kiss than that?”
I melted into him to show him the passion I felt every time he was near. I forgot about everything but him and the need I felt to be with him. He pulled back. “Now tell me what really happened.”
“I already did and if I’m late, I may have a hard time rescheduling and we’ll miss our deadlines. Isn’t Drake planning to send more people every week?”
“Alright, but we’ll talk later.”
I hurried on my way, I wasn’t looking forward to that talk. I made all my appointments in time, and everything worked out as I hoped so I would be adding some large land parcels soon. Then I would be able to accommodate the rest of the pack in no time. Blake would be surprised but the cost would create a need for some quick income. That meant I needed to finish the book I was working on. Not enough time in the day; any writer will tell you that. Right now, I needed to expand to a third crew and Andy would be in charge. We didn’t have the room for more workers right now so we would have to start on a new place. All I needed to do was find quarters for a third crew and we’d be set. I hopped in my SUV and headed home.
Supper went well and I notice that Frank was absent again. John mentioned that he saw him at the bar after work yesterday looking like he had pissed off a she-wolf. Some of my crew snickered, but I shot a look at them, so they instantly shut up. Blake came in just before I was finished, looking tired. I sat with him while he ate, and he told me about all the snags he was hitting with his permits. I could help him if I had time, but I was overloaded with no relief in sight. Tomorrow, we would have a special day, and nothing was going to interfere with that. Blake said he had to meet with John in the morning, but it wouldn’t take long. I had setup the delay with John so I could get ready for him. I said, “No problem, I don’t mind.” I smiled at him while he looked relieved. He always seemed to expect me to be mad. I wondered if that was what Cindy was like. He ought to know I wasn’t that way by now and I hoped it wasn’t a sign that he was thinking of her.
We left to go to our room to sleep and he asked about the bruise, again. I stuck to my story and then distracted him by kissing him while I boldly stroked his body. I was not usually this aggressive with him, but I think he liked it. I was just not sure of him yet. But tonight, I had no choice. I asked him, “Do you want to keep talking to me, or do you want to do something else?” I continued to stroke him and there was no doubt his body was ready for action. He started to say something, then changed his mind and gave in to what I wanted, and I made sure he didn’t regret it.
We woke in the morning, and he left to meet John. I hurried to the place I planned to meet him. John already had the note with directions to give him in an hour. I had planned this flawlessly. He would meet me at the well-known Crescent Hotel in Eureka Springs, Arkansas. It was built in 1886 and furnished in Victorian style. It was a lovely hotel sitting on a hill overlooking the town below. Eureka Springs became a popular tourist destination because of the healing mineral springs discovered there. I had rented their best suite, the governor’s suite, just for tonight. I had everything planned for a night that any man would remember for the rest of his life. Now, I would put my plan into action, and I couldn’t wait.

(Blake)

John brought me the note she sent, I wondered what she was up to, and then I saw that it was a hotel. I tried to contain my excitement as my mind contemplated the possibilities that might be in store for me. I was ready to be done now, and John could tell. He said, “Go ahead, I can handle things now.”
That’s when I hit the road, making good time. I couldn’t get there quick enough, and I got to the hotel which was at the end of a winding road on top of a hill. As I entered the lobby, I was feeling like I stepped into another age. I went to the front desk and asked for the clerk Ariel had specified on the note and he gave me a key. This was a really nice surprise because I hadn’t expected her to go to this much trouble. Once I made my way to the room, opening the door, I stepped into a sitting room. She must have heard me, and she called to me. My mate was in the bedroom. My heart started to beat just a little bit faster.
I walked through the doorway, and she was on the bed. Ariel looked incredible in deep blue satin, silk stockings, and stiletto heels. She was dressed like a high-priced call girl, in a lace and mesh teddy. It showed more than it covered but what it showed, it presented nicely. Her cleavage was literally spilling out at the top, begging me to to touch it. The mesh on the sides didn’t obscure the view, it only added to the sensual appeal. Her dark stockings were attached by straps at the bottom of the teddy which was specially made to allow easy access without removing it.
She was not usually aggressive, but she was different tonight. My mate slid off the bed and came up to me with a confidence she rarely showed when we were alone. Ariel slipped off my coat hanging it up then came back to kiss me. Next, she started undressing me and I could hardly contain myself. I wanted to throw her on the bed to satisfy this urgent need that I was feeling. As I fought for control, she wasn’t making it easy on me. She was kissing me and stroking me as she removed one item at a time slowly, until I was completely undressed. Then she said, “Lay on the bed on your stomach and I’ll help you relax.”
Lying down I wondered what she would do next, and I heard her taking something out of a drawer before she put something cool and slippery on my back. She started rubbing it in, it tingled pleasantly, and I could smell cherries now. The warmth increased the more she rubbed until it was much warmer. Ariel started moving it around and then continued to rub. It felt really good and would have relaxed me if I wasn’t so turned on. I almost jumped when she licked the back of my neck. My mate had me turn over, and she started doing my chest the same way. It was even more sensual to watch her as she poured it on and rubbed it in. This time I was expecting it when she licked my lower belly and it almost drove me wild anyway. She moved up to kiss me, but I could wait no longer. I kissed her deeply and started stroking her, building the same fire in her that already burned fiercely in me. Ariel slid on top of me taking control, guiding, and encouraging me to the most incredible heights of fulfillment.
Someone was at the door, and she threw on a robe and went to answer it. I relaxed and thought about what a mystery she was. No one would have expected this in a million years. I was sure there were few women who would do something like this for their man, especially when neck deep in work and when their whole life had just been disrupted. Was it a sign she might care about me a little bit? I hoped it was.
She pushed a room service cart into the room and sat on the edge of the bed. Ariel picked up a chocolate covered strawberry and fed it to me. My mate split a small bottle of champagne into two glasses then gave me a drink from one of them. I looked at the cart and there were two trays. One had desserts and the other had cheese, meats, and pickles. The dessert tray was the one she was paying attention to right now. It had bite size cheesecakes, chocolate covered strawberries, and a selection of fruit with a cup of whipped cream. She put her finger in the whipped cream and traced my lips. Ariel said, “I love whipped cream.” Then she took her tongue, licked it off, and gave me a passionate kiss. I thought for a moment she was going to say, “I love you.” I guess it was too much to expect so I pushed it out of my mind and just enjoyed the moment.
We slept and woke in turns until about eight p.m. when she told me to dress, she was taking me to supper. She had packed a bag for me which showed she was a good planner. We went downstairs to the Crystal Dining Room for a romantic supper. The place was like stepping into the past with its high ceiling and the Victorian feel. There were a lot of tall, arched windows and the atmosphere was elegant. A waiter seated us, pulling out a chair for Ariel and she chatted with him like an old friend. She ordered us a sparkling wine that she said was highly recommended and she went ahead ordering us both steaks.
“You seem to be well known here. Do you here come often?”
“No, but I have events here several times a year and that gets their attention.”
“What kind of events?”
She smiled at me. “I usually have a fundraiser twice a year for my mother’s nonprofit foundation. That, I do here because it can accommodate a large gathering. More intimate events, like a company Christmas party, I have at my favorite restaurant, the Bavarian Inn. It has German dishes that are to die for. I’ve been going there since I was a child. I plan to take you there soon. DeVito’s is the place for Italian food and Bubba’s is famous for its barbeque. We have some great places to eat at in Eureka.”
I said, “I can’t wait to try them.”
Our meal came quickly, and the waiter checked on us often. The bill came and the waiter gave it to her. She paid and we left.
I asked, “Why did he give you the bill instead of me?”
She answered, “I come here for business or with family. I always pay when I come. He might think you are a business acquaintance.”
We walked quietly back to our room. When we got into our bedroom, she undressed in front of me keeping her eyes on mine the whole time. It was arousing, especially since she was usually so shy. When all her clothes were lying on the floor in a heap, she paused a moment to let me get a good look and turned to walk toward the bathroom.
She said, “I don’t know about you, but I’m taking a shower now.”
I undressed in record time to join her. This new side to her, I found appealing. Her hands were already full of lather and as soon as I stepped in under the shower spray, she started to stroke me, sliding the slippery soap over my slightly wet skin. She started at my shoulder and slowly, tantalizingly worked her way lower. I could hardly breathe as I waited to see where she would go next. Ariel worked all the way down, lingering on certain areas, but not too long. It felt incredible and then she stopped to rinse me off and I felt a sense of loss when she removed her hands.
My mate moved around me to my back and did the same thing starting at the top of my shoulders. When she was through, every nerve was sensitized. I thought she would let me do the same for her, but she kept the soap and slowly ran it over her own body. Watching her, was only increasing my anticipation. I had never realized she had such a naughty streak. She was teasing me by washing herself and I couldn’t take it anymore. Pulling her under the shower to rinse her off, I carried her to bed.
She had her fun but now it was my turn. I’d never wanted anything or anyone as much as I wanted her right now. My mate knew it and she smiled at me, enjoying her victory, but I would make sure she enjoyed a lot more than that. Starting slowly, I was running my fingertips lightly over her skin. I smiled when I felt her shiver and I intended to get even for all the teasing I had received. Stroking her with my hands, I followed up with my mouth. Ariel was panting heavily now, straining towards me, wanting more. I was enjoying this, but maybe too much. It was increasing my ardor as well and I could feel my pulse quicken as I stroked her and felt her silky smooth, lightly scented skin beneath my hands. My body responded to the signals I was receiving from her, and I just wanted to merge with her so we would be as one. Her whimpers were distracting me from my intended purpose and as she arched towards me, my control snapped, and I gave in to what we both wanted. I looked into her eyes as she wrapped herself around me, coaxing and instructing, telling me what she wanted until we both were hit by an almost painful wave of rapture. Sated, I kept her in my arms when we were done, too tired to move, or even talk. This time when we fell asleep, it lasted the rest of the night.
Waking, I felt a light delicate touch. It was almost like being tickled but it made me shiver. I had slept well and now I felt more rested than I had in a long time. The sensation came back, so I opened my eyes a little. Ariel was being naughty again and she was waking me, but I could get used to this. I think she suspected I was awake, because she was looking at me closely when I reached out quickly to catch her hands and use them to pull her on top of me. Now I kissed her long and deep. “Good morning, sexy.”
She smiled. “Good morning, handsome. Any plans for today?”
“None until this evening.”
She said, “Let’s clear out of here and I’ll take you to my favorite breakfast spot.”
“Do we have to go right now?” I kissed her on the lips and started to work my way down.
She gave in and it was a while before we got out of bed. We showered, dressed, packed, and then we left. It looked like she had checkout set to automatic. Every detail was managed to make the experience incredible. Now I followed her to her favorite breakfast place. It was on our side of Eureka, so it was on the way back. It was Roadhouse Restaurant and as we entered, everyone was very friendly and seemed to know her. She said, “The places I like over here don’t only have great food, but there are friendly people and a good atmosphere, too.”
I had to admit, I liked the place. It smelled like good food, and I was starving. She ordered her usual, the Captain America, but the waitress already had it written down and reminded her of a side and an appetizer she usually ordered which she added. It was a steak plate and sounded good, so I took the same thing she did. We talked a little and the food came in no time. I could see why she recommended this place. It was really good and so far, I liked all the places she suggested. We went to pay the check and she paid it. I frowned, I wasn’t used to that, but the girl at the cash register didn’t seem to think it odd. She told her she was going to leave her SUV, but someone would be by to pick it up.
She rode home with me, and I liked having her with me better than driving alone. Tonight, I would see if I could impress her. We got back and almost everyone was eating lunch. I guess it was inevitable that they would start asking questions, but I had hoped they wouldn’t. Josh’s wife, Jenny, asked, “Ariel, why don’t you ever run with us?”
Ariel glanced at me nervously, but I couldn’t think of anything to say. “Blake thinks I make too sexy a wolf to be let out.” I shot her a dirty look. Everyone laughed nervously, but they all noticed I was possessive with her, so I think they believed it. They probably felt bad for her because now they thought I was a real heel. I guess it would have to do as an answer for now since I couldn’t come up with any other answer for them. We watched some television until it was time to get ready for tonight. My thought was she would be surprised, and I hoped she would be pleased.
We both dressed up a little and she looked lovely. I was already thinking about later as I drove us to Big Cedar where I had reservations. We were just a little early, but they were able to seat us. I said, “I thought this would be a nice place to come since we had our first real date here.
“You know I like it here.”
I ordered some champagne, then while we waited, we talked a little. They brought us our drinks and I watched her carefully. As she raised her glass to take a drink, she noticed something in the bottom of her glass. Looking at it closely, she seemed to realize what it was. She drank some of the champagne so she could reach it, and after she pulled the rings out, she dried them off with her napkin. “These are beautiful, Blake. Thank you.”
She handed me the rings, held up her hand, and I slipped them on her. My mate leaned over to give me a kiss. I was so glad she liked it and I was sure the big diamond surrounded by sapphires would appeal to her. It was an interlocking wedding ring set that the saleswoman had said was very popular. I should have bought her the rings when we were married, but I had so much on my mind. When the pack split was done, I would make it up to her. After we finished eating, we headed back. It had been a great Valentines and would be even better before the night was out.
Chapter 8

A Public Appearance




(Blake)

Days passed and work was getting done. Drake sent more people, but Ariel managed to find places for them to stay and helped them get jobs. She took a little time to help Phil with his building permits and they were done in no time. Frank left when the latest group of people came, and I was glad to see him go. Once he was gone, Andy told me what had really happened between him and Ariel. I didn’t know whether to be proud of her, or angry that she kept it from me. My thought was I would have probably killed him, so maybe she was right. She was working on her latest book which was nearly done. We were getting ready for bed and the phone rang. I heard her answer and she sounded upset.
“Can’t you get me out of this, Charlie? I know I haven’t done many of those lately. Next week? That’s awful soon. I’ll try. O.K…. Make the arrangements and get me the details… I understand… I’ll see you there.”
She hung up, while she looked at me chewing her lip nervously. “Blake, I have to go to New York on Monday. I don’t suppose you would come with me?”
“Ariel, I would if I could. What is this for and who is Charlie?”
“Charlie is my agent. She says I have to be on a couple late night shows for my last book. I haven’t been doing any appearances and the publisher is unhappy.”
“Do you have to go?” I asked.
“I have a contract, so I have no choice.”
It made me unhappy, but I knew she had to go. The next day I saw Matt and asked him about it. “She does some of this for every book. I’ve gone with her before. It can be a lot of fun. Are you going with her?”
“No, I have too much work to do right now, but I wish I could.” He just looked at me a moment and then continued on his way. It was easy to see that I didn’t want her to leave. The rest of the week went by, and a black mood was on me, except when I was with her. Phil and John were careful with what they said and tried not to get my attention unless they had to. Ariel helped Phil with the construction permits and he now had what he needed to start construction. John had finished preparing the site and then went on to getting a privacy fence with a gate for security. Ariel had suggested calling it a gated community because that would draw no suspicion. They were used to exclusive, secure places like that around here already. Phil had never supervised construction before, so Matt helped get him started. Everything was going smoothly considering the size of the undertaking, and I was just waiting for some disaster to strike.
In the morning, I would take Ariel to the airport, and she would be gone for two days. Boy, was I feeling sorry for myself because I would miss her. She was almost like a drug, the more I had, the more I wanted. It hadn’t taken her long to become indispensable to me. My people all seemed to feel the same way and I’m not sure I would have managed this pack split without her.
I saw the colors of dawn begin drifting across the sky, as we headed down the road. It was a small comfort that she seemed as unhappy to go as I was to see her leave. When I dropped her at the airport door, I gave her a kiss. “There’s no need to see me in. My flight is in less than an hour so I will work on my laptop until then.”
We said goodbye and I watched her until she was out of sight before I headed back. I got back and threw myself into my work, until evening. Phil and John wisely stayed away from me, and I made it back to Ariel’s for a late supper. I made phone calls for a while and then wandered out to the living room. Matt, Danny, and some of the pack members were watching television and I noticed it was on the channel that Ariel would have her live appearance on.
She had two shows in a row. She would be on the Late at Night Show and the Later Tonight Show. They were both shows I had never heard of, but she said they were big with paranormal and Goth readers. The first show came on and she was the first guest. I barely recognized her with the heavy makeup and excessively sexy clothing she was wearing. Her boys didn’t look surprised, so I guess this was what she usually looked like for public appearances. I was very unhappy and to top it off, the host was clearly enamored with her. He was flirting outrageously. She was joking with him but put him off in an easy going way.
It really pissed me off, but I thought I was hiding it well, until I looked at Matt and Danny. They were both watching me, so I calmed myself smiling at them, but they weren’t buying it. I got up to fix a drink. We watched the rest of the show. Now the next one was on. She had changed her clothes, but her makeup was the same. Her hair was still a wild, riot of curls. This host was worse than the last one using the audience to get her to dance with him. He was holding her way too close and when the dance was over, he tried to kiss her. She pulled away so he got her cheek instead. They sat down to finish the show. But I heard a loud noise, so I looked down. I had shattered the glass I was holding, and liquid was pouring over me and onto the floor. My hand was bleeding, and everyone stared at me. Tammy came over with a small trash can. She had some dishcloths and she fussed over me and took me to the kitchen. “That was Ariel on the show, wasn’t it?”
I just looked at her but didn’t answer. “Now I know why everyone is so secretive, and you keep her away from the pack as much as you can. I guess the council knows?” I just nodded. She cleaned me up then told me to go to bed which I did, but I didn’t know why I bothered. If I slept at all, it would be a restless sleep that would do me little good.
When I woke up early, feeling like hell, I wondered what she was doing. I talked myself out of flying up there to drag her back here, by her hair if necessary and I went out the back door to morph into a wolf running as hard as I could for as long as I could. I had been so busy, I had neglected my wolf side. He was eager to run, but he wanted to run to his mate and bring her home which I knew was impossible, but have you ever tried to explain logic to a lovesick wolf? I explored the property carefully looking for signs of hunters. Ariel used to let friends hunt on the property and I could see signs of deer and turkeys. When I burst into a field, I found a rafter of turkeys. What an odd word to use to describe a group, rafter. They scattered instantly running for their lives and while I felt the need for blood, I wanted wilier game. I kept looking. Oh, yes, a covey of quail, I went in stalking mode, slowly inching up. At the last possible second, I pounced on the nearest one and caught it in my mouth. It struggled, but not for long. The blood filled my mouth as its heart pumped its last few beats and I felt strong, invincible but then I thought of Ariel. She would not go on a trip such as this alone again.
I trotted back to the house. The urgency of my run was satisfied as much as anything besides my mate could satisfy me and I morphed back to human form entering the kitchen. Ariel was sitting at the table telling Tammy about her trip. Our eyes locked and she looked aghast. Tammy pointed to my face, so I wiped it with my hand. Blood stained my fingers. What did they expect, I was a wolf first and foremost, but I went to the sink to clean my face. Then, I turned to Ariel.
“I came back early. Charlie bumped up my flight because I didn’t really need to stay any longer. I’ve got so much here to do.”
Why didn’t she say she missed me? I would have given anything to hear her say that. Keeping myself tightly under control, I said, “I need to talk to you, right now.” She looked nervous chewing her lip as I motioned for her to walk ahead of me, she got up, and walked toward the bedroom.
I closed the door turning to look at her and I think she saw the dangerous look in my eyes, because she backed up toward the bed, held her hands out in a placating gesture, and said, “Blake, let’s talk about this.”
“Time for talk is over.” I quickly closed the distance as she tried to stand her ground. I smiled and something flickered in her eyes. Was it fear, uncertainty? I no longer cared, she was mine now and I would make certain she never forgot it. As I grabbed her t-shirt sliding my fingers in enough that they were below her bra, I pulled hard, hearing a satisfying snap as the bra gave way, and then a tearing sound as the t-shirt ripped open. I slid it off her shoulders then I pulled her in to me for a hard, passionate kiss that sent her a message.
Next, I undid her her jeans to slide them down while I undid my pants, slid them down, pushed her on the bed, and landed on top of her. Right now, I was so consumed with need, I couldn’t wait any longer and I took her right then and she seemed to match my need. When we were done, I saw a tear starting to run down the side of her face which I caught with my finger putting it to my lips. It was salty filling me with regret. This time, I had gone total animal on her, and I guess she was wishing she was anywhere else and with anyone else.
I couldn’t leave things like this, so I finished undressing her and then myself. This time when I started kissing her, I started with her mouth working my lips down her neck. Gently, I stroked her wanting to remove the memory of our violent mating. She responded instantly, like she always did, and I built the need in her to a fever pitch. Instinctively, I knew just when she was ready. This time when we came together, it was a passionate, slow joining that was sweet, bringing us closer together instead of further apart. Why hadn’t I done that first?
Wanting to stay in bed and hold her, I had responsibilities and she did too. Now I looked at her and asked, “Why did you really come back early?”
“Maybe I missed everyone.”
“Or maybe you knew I would be watching that show and I wouldn’t like what I saw.”
She smiled at me looking like a guilty kid. “Maybe.”
“I’d like to stay, but I have to get back to work. Want to come with me?”
She looked surprised. I realized I had never asked her to come with me before. “I could if you really want me to.”
“I don’t want to take you away from your work, but if you’re caught up…”
We dressed and she went with me to the construction trailer on our property. I realized it wasn’t a nice place to hang out in. She didn’t seem to mind, and I saw Phil had called her over to ask about a problem he was having which she seemed to solve. Ariel came back to see what I was doing. “What is that?” she asked pointing to the building plans.
“Plans for a building.”
She gave me an exasperated look. “I know that. Which building?”
“The apartment building.”
She said, “This is all wrong.” She looked at the bottom of the paper to see who we had supply the papers and then got on the phone. “Hello, this is Ariel. I need to speak to Keith right away.”
“Who are you talking to?” I asked.
She put her finger to her mouth to shush me.
“Hi, Keith. I’m looking at the plans you sent to Blake. Yes, it’s one of mine. I’m sorry. I thought you knew.” She gave me a dirty look. “Are you looking at them now? It’s okay… These things happen… Thanks Keith… Yes, we’ll hold off till tomorrow… Bye.”
She hung up and looked at me for a moment. “Keith is correcting the plans. He will be working directly with you from now on. His assistant isn’t cut out for this kind of work. The man didn’t draw up original plans for you, he recycled some old ones. That would be okay, normally. But these are faulty, that’s why they were never used. They don’t meet code, not even here where they aren’t too strict yet. He’ll get you new plans tomorrow. Poor kid, he’ll be up all night.”
“How did you know?”
“Sweetheart, this is what I do.”
I felt a little stupid. At a glance, she knew it was wrong, but I would have approved it. We would have gone forward losing weeks, maybe months. It was time to get out of here. “Let’s go for a ride, I’m feeling restless.”
We loaded up to head down the road towards Eagle Rock then we turned off to the left, heading to Holiday Island. She told me she didn’t really hang out around here much, but if we came into Eureka from the back way, there was a great place we could go to eat. We followed the road where she pointed out a railroad track. It was a very short track, but they had a dining car. I thought we might ride in the dining car sometime. Now we were heading into Eureka where I stopped at a stop sign where my choice was left or right. Left went to Berryville, but we turned the other way. Bubba’s Barbeque was our destination, and I might have missed it had she not directed me. The smell of smoke hit me when I opened the door making me admit I was hungry. It was nestled against a hill, so we had to go down some steps to enter. We seated ourselves and I looked around at the walls which were decorated with pictures of pigs, celebrity photos, and an odd collection of things.
She seemed to know everyone as the waiter greeted her and she customized our order making it easy on me. Our platter came with a selection of things and a side order of fries. Not the fries you get at a fast food place, these were the old-fashioned kind. The waiter stayed a moment to talk. These people were really friendly. Everyone seemed to like Ariel. After he left, I asked, “Is there anyone you don’t know?”
My mate smiled at me. “I know a lot of people, but the places I take you are the ones I’ve gone to for years. This is the best barbeque around. I’ve never had a bad meal here or I wouldn’t bring you.” We each had a beer that went well with food. When the bill came, I intercepted it. She said, “Give them a good tip. They work hard for it.”
“I always do.”
We left and headed back to Ariel’s house. John and Phil were in the dining room talking in hushed tones. What’s wrong now? They both looked up seeing me then they looked at each other, neither one wanting to tell me what was going on. Ariel is next to me, and she is quiet too. Finally, Phil says, “We have a serious problem. They canceled our application for a building permit.”
I asked, “Is it because of the plans?”
John said, “No, it’s because of the company we are using. They are in some kind of trouble. All the permits using them are cancelled.”
Ariel asked, “Have you paid them yet?”
Phil said, “No, we were going to pay them once they start work.”
She said, “Cancel your contract and we’ll do it. They should let you change your contractor with no problems. They are after him, not you. Can you get some more construction workers down here?”
Phil and John look at me. “Yes, how many do you want?”
She replies, “How about ten?”
“I’ll call Drake and see what we can manage.” I went to our room to make the call and I see Ariel head upstairs with Phil and John.
I was in the living room waiting when the three of them finally made it downstairs. “Drake says he can send them in two to three days. Where will you put them?”
She smiled secretively. “I’ll show you tomorrow. Meanwhile, it’s getting late and I’m turning in.”
I waited to talk to Phil and John quickly before I follow her. “What is this going to mean to our schedule?”
Phil replied, “Maybe nothing. Ariel thinks she can correct it in a few days. She did say to be careful when we tell Levi, the old builder, that we are switching. He has a reputation for being vindictive and might try to sabotage the work site. That, and using subpar materials and taking shortcuts is what caused him the trouble he’s in now. She doesn’t like him much and she says few locals do. I sense they have a past.”
“Have some of the guys make rounds. Don’t forget to lock the gates and make sure there are some cameras working. Do anything else you can. Maybe you can have Dennis run by to check on it. He’s on the night shift at the sheriff’s department.” Ariel had found helpful jobs for my people. Dennis and his wife being with law enforcement had already come in handy more than once. She seemed to instinctively know the best place for everyone. She could pull strings almost anywhere we needed it. I wish she didn’t have to take over this project because I knew she wasn’t really ready for it. Her projects would be neglected.
I joined her in our bedroom where she was still awake, and I suspected she was waiting for me. We talked a little and then, I showed her how grateful I was for everything she did for me. After that, I just held her until sleep claimed me easily.
Chapter 9

A Birthday Surprise




(Ariel)

It was morning and I watched him sleep thinking about how young and carefree he looked. Not the strained and overly stressed look he usually had on his face. This move wasn’t easy on him, something the council wasn’t helping much, either. They were constantly calling, wanting to know what was going on, and where he was at on the project. It wasn’t just one of them, several would call him. Didn’t these people talk to each other? He was constantly plagued by them or Drake. On top of that, he seemed to be a marriage counselor, fight mediator, loan officer, judge for bad behavior and disputes, as well as chief advisor for everything, to all these people.
I got one of the girls a job at the bank, so eventually, they would be able to go there. They seemed to be suspicious of regular people in general. The only exception seemed to be the single men socializing with local human girls. So far, at least, they had exercised some good judgment. There had been no trouble in that area. Blake was loathed to admonish them, given his recent past which I couldn’t blame him for. Phil and John had no such reluctance. They said the whelps needed someone to keep them in line. It was their jobs as betas, to do just that. Recently, I realized I had a lot to learn about being part of a wolf pack.
When I asked John what the duties of an alpha’s mate were, he said I was already doing that and more. I would ask Blake, but he was always so busy. When he wasn’t, he seemed distracted. I tried to ease his burden, but problems just kept surfacing. Every time one was dealt with, a new one popped up and I also needed to start on my project for his birthday. I wanted to surprise him, so John and Phil would have to help. Although I had everything ordered and the room was empty and prepared, it still had to be started. I had some of the crew set up for painting tomorrow. It would only take a day actually it would take less, but it had to dry between coats. I had to get Blake away from here, because the room wasn’t far enough from our bedroom to hide the work if he was here.
Phil kept him busy in the morning, but John called to let me know he was trying to get away. I dressed up to head there quickly. As I walked by, all the guys on the crew stopped and stared. Blake almost ran to get to me. “What are you doing here, dressed like that?”
I smiled mischievously at him. “You like?” It was easy to see that he did. My dress was sexy, the stilettos and the dark stockings appealing to men, and I made sure my makeup would be seductive.
“I don’t like you dressed like that here!”
I said seductively, “I only came to take you to lunch. You wouldn’t turn down a lonely girl, would you?”
His attitude softened considerably. What did he think I was doing, anyway? Going on a date with someone else?
“Let me grab my keys and I’ll meet you at the SUV.” He hurried to get his keys after glaring at the men who had stopped work to look at us. After he unlocked the door, he helped me in. Not a bad thing with these shoes on since the running board was so high. “You should call me next time, I’ll come home to get you. That way, you won’t have to come here when you’re dressed that way.”
He was lucky I didn’t want him mad right now. “Darlin’, I know how busy you’ve been, and I didn’t want you to make an excuse not to go.”
“When have I ever done that?”
I said, “You haven’t, but I rarely make demands on your time.”
He didn’t reply, but I knew he was thinking about that. We were nearly to town now. He asked, “Where are we going?”
I told him to go to Eureka. I hoped the painting would get done today because it was one of my biggest problems. The furniture was the next problem. One problem at a time! We hit town and went a little ways. I had him turn at the Rockin’ Pig Saloon. I said, “I’m a little overdressed, but I wanted to impress you.”
“You always impress me.”
I smiled, he made me feel warm and giddy. It was very casual and looked like a country bar inside. The waitresses were friendly, and Blake seemed to like it. I ordered their Reuben sandwich. It was my favorite and I told him Matt liked the burger with blue cheese. He ordered a Reuben like I did, and we both had a beer. He seemed to be enjoying himself, he looked more relaxed than I had seen in a while. We finished eating, we went home, and I hoped everything was done and out of the way.
It was about three when we made it back. No one was around so I planned to check on the paint job when he went back to work. He didn’t seem in a hurry to go back so we sat in the living room. We snuggled up together talking. Tammy came in to say we had a snowstorm brewing and flurries were coming down.
“I need to check on things to be sure everyone is ready for the snowstorm.”
When I headed to the phone hoping Blake wouldn’t question me, luckily, he didn’t, and I called the furniture store to ask them about the delivery. They said they planned to bring it tomorrow. The roads were supposed to be clear. I called Matt and asked him to see that the furniture went into the shed if Blake was home.
“Blake, let’s go for a ride.” I watched as he put on his coat, grabbed his keys, and I followed him out.
I directed him up the road. We turned on another highway, drove a couple miles, and turned on a dirt road. We went a couple more miles, then turned into a small motel with ten cabins, a building the office was in, and a small restaurant. He looked over at me, raised his eyebrow questioningly, then he gave me a saucy grin and said, “Another night at a motel?”
“Hold your horses, mister. You’ve drawn the wrong conclusion. Follow me.” I took him to a cabin and the heat was turned down low. “Pretty nice, huh?” He nodded so I took him to the office where one of our men was staying in the connecting bedroom. Most of these small, out of the way motels had bedrooms next to the offices for desk clerks to stay during the night. That way someone was on call twenty-four seven to handle check ins, check outs, and any problems that might arise. “Hi, George. I brought Blake by to see the place.”
George said, “This will work well for the next people coming down.”
I saw realization dawn on Blake’s face. “You bought this?”
“Yes, it’s lakefront and will help us situate the people we are expecting. There’s a small restaurant too.”
“This is great. Is this why you’ve been acting so sneaky lately?”
“Blake, I don’t know what you mean.” I looked at him, smiling. He was too perceptive. Tomorrow I would have only a week to finish his birthday surprise and my only problem seemed to be keeping it a secret from him. I didn’t know anyone else who had a birthday the day Blake did, but it wasn’t hard to remember the day. His birthday was April 15. That was also the filing deadline for income tax. Filing was the bane of existence for many small businesses. Luckily, I had a good accountant and now that I had more money, I just left it all to her. It saved so much stress, it was well worth it.
We drove back home as the freezing rain began. It hung on the power lines and once we hit the paved road, it was starting to get slick. We didn’t have far to go, and Blake was used to driving in these conditions and handled it well. Also, we were lucky we didn’t meet anyone else on the road because they might not do as well on ice as he did. The freezing rain just kept picking up. The windshield was hard to keep clear and visibility was poor. When we got home, the power lines were down, and we had no electricity. It had just gone out, so I went out back and kicked in the generator. The other buildings could use the leftover energy from the solar panels. Everyone would have the choice of staying in the other buildings or camping out in my house until the power was restored. If the storm was really bad, that could be days or even weeks in places off the beaten path. I felt sorry for George. He only had a portable generator, but at least he had gas heat. I didn’t think the furniture would be here tomorrow after all. Storms this time of the year were rare, but they did happen. 
Tammy made hot chocolate and apple cider for everyone. It made the house smelled heavenly. Everyone was making their way here that lived in the surrounding area including my tenants who had always been welcome when an emergency struck. I pulled out camping supplies so everyone would have a sleeping bag that needed one and I sent a few people up the mountain because the guys had some empty beds there and backup power too. It would be a good thing we had several bathrooms come morning, because there were a lot of people who would want to take a shower. Tammy was cooking piles of bacon, eggs, sausage, pancakes, and I showed her how to make white sausage gravy for those who were asking for it. The strong sense of community was nice, though I wouldn’t want so many people crammed in here all the time.
I went out with the kids and Matt and Danny joined us. We built snow forts and had a snowball war going. Three groups with large forts were all attacking to see who would be king of the snow mountain everyone had helped to build. We were plotting and planning, when suddenly, we were under attack. The snowballs were flying, it was a duel to the bitter end. We were beating them back because we had a pile of snowballs prepared for just such a surprise. Sally threw herself on Matt, planning to take him out of the fight until it was over. I glanced at them, they were just staring at each other, and I recognized the look. My thinking was they would eventually figure things out, so I went back to throwing snowballs. There was a loud yell and I looked toward it and Blake stood there with snow in his hair. He came over to us looking angry and said, “Who threw that at me?”
I couldn’t help myself, I started laughing at him. He turned to look at me as everyone else escaped. “It seems they’ve left you to take the blame.” My mate stepped closer as I remembered how angry Drake had been when he was hit. Still, I stood my ground and Blake said, “Not scared of me?” He pulled me into his arms, gave me a passionate kiss, and said, “Good, I don’t want you to ever be scared of me.” I brushed the snow from his hair, and he grabbed my hand pulling me along with him. “Phil needs me at the work site, and you can come with me.” He led me to his SUV, then we headed over there. Someone had trashed the gate and tried to knock down the fence, I was certain it was Levi. This time he wouldn’t get by with it. Blake had his crew on video. He asked, “How is the best way to handle this?”
“First make a copy, then while Dennis is off duty have him deliver the copy and a settlement demand to Levi. Deputies often do work like that part time because their job doesn’t pay much. Tell Levi he has a day or two to answer, or you will file charges. I think he will do as you ask. He doesn’t need more trouble and he has the money to fix this. Get an estimate to send with your request. John can handle that.”
“What is the history between you and Levi?”
I was speechless for a second not knowing how to answer that, but I knew I had to. “I was using his company because I didn’t know any better. He was sweet and hit on me all the time, but I thought it was just a crush. You would have thought he would do a better job for someone he wanted, wouldn’t you? When I caught some of the subpar materials, I recognized them. My dad had worked in the business for years, so I wasn’t as green as Levi thought. When I called him, he came over to the house we were working on, and I told him he was fired and that I would be suing him. Matt was outside, but Levi didn’t know it. He tried to assault me ripping my shirt off before Matt got to us. Matt beat the tar out of him so I had to pull him off so he wouldn’t kill him. I sent him an agreement for a settlement which he paid. The matter was finished as far as I was concerned, but he harbors a deep resentment for me and my family. He tries to cause problems every chance he gets because he is a hateful, greedy, and bitter man.”
Blake put his arms around me. “I’m sorry I asked.”
“You would have wanted to know eventually. Now you do.” It seemed he was finding out a lot about me, but he was still a mystery to me, and I wondered if I would ever figure him out.
As we headed home, we met a furniture truck leaving. “I wonder what they were doing?”
“Probably lost, it happens all the time,” I replied.
He dropped it and I was relieved. Everything else would be easy to bring downstairs since it was already in the attic. Putting it together might be a small challenge, but I had plenty of help. I did have one more small thing to do, but not for Blake. Tammy’s birthday was coming up just before his and I had a party room at my favorite restaurant reserved and everyone would be there.
The next morning all the snow and ice was gone. It would be a few days before electricity was restored everywhere in our area. Because we were near the highway, ours would be back on tomorrow at the latest. I went out with the crew, and I went with Danny’s because he was hitting some snags. We worked through them quickly and then I took all the guys out for lunch. They were working hard, and they deserved it.
We went to Geraldi’s, a place in Berryville that had pizza, sandwiches, and a few plate specials. The eggplant parmigiana was my favorite, but the guys had pizza. The local girls seemed to know when my crew was in town, and they flocked in. The ones who I knew, would stop by and talk as long as they could. They were casting glances at the men on my crew the whole time. One came up to me to talk, but I saw it was my niece, Kathy. She was sweet, shy, and her friends had dragged her over here.
I noticed some of the guys were giving her a second look and I didn’t blame them. A traditional blue-eyed blonde, she was a looker. The only thing that prevented her from being a target for every Romeo around, was the family that kept a close eye on who was chasing her. She smiled at me, and I heard some of the guys catch their breath because she had one of the loveliest smiles I had ever seen. Her figure was the type that drove men wild. Although she was slim and athletic, her cleavage was generous. When she left, I feared some of the guys would run after her. Matt was shooting dirty looks at some of the guys. One asked, “Matt, is she yours?”
“She’s my cousin and not to be messed with.”
None of the men said anymore, but I needed to talk to Blake. I wanted to be sure they understood that if they were interested in anyone in my family, their motives better be pure, I didn’t mind them messing around with girls who were only after a little fun. They knew the score and most of them weren’t looking for love or anything more serious than a Mr. Right Now. But I wanted them to leave those fragile and innocent souls like my niece, alone.
I left the crew, went home, and I saw Blake was in the bedroom sitting at my vanity. He was making phone calls, and clearly getting frustrated. When I quietly slipped up behind him and put my hands on his shoulders, I started to message his muscles until he relaxed. Somehow, he had known I was there, and he didn’t even move. He hung up the phone and turned to me smiling, giving me a look that made me wonder and hope that he might care. “How are things going at the site, today?”
My heart was in my eyes as I smiled back at him. “Things are starting to move. The temperature has warmed enough that they are digging out the basement for the building. We’re building a storage shed for supplies that will be coming soon. It will be nice enough to keep on the premises once we add some touches. It will work for supplies and landscaping materials. Right now, we need it for concrete and drywall because they can’t get wet. It’s a kit, so everything is premeasured, precut, and it will be finished tomorrow. Then, we will be at the mercy of the supplies and if they arrive on time or not.”
He said absentmindedly, “I’m sure you have everything under control.”
“Maybe not everything.”
“What’s wrong?”
“We ran into my niece, Kathy. The guys were a little intrigued. Matt told them she was hands off, but I’m worried about it.” I didn’t expect the reaction I got out of Blake.
He jumped out of his seat. “Who are you worried about? I’ll take care of it right away.”
“I’m glad you care about my concerns, but this is out of proportion. What aren’t you telling me?”
He ran his hand through his hair, a sure sign that he was worried. I could see when he decided he would share what he knew with me. “The council doesn’t want any unapproved matings with anyone of white wolf blood.”
I was shocked, even though I had worried that they might try to bring the bloodline back. “They can’t be serious. We are not breeding stock to be mated for maximum results. I guess I’m lucky they were happy with you. Who are they targeting?”
“Your oldest brother, sister, any nieces, nephews, and your sons are all on the list. Your other brother is married, so they decided to leave him be for now. The others should be enough to keep them busy although they are compiling a list of cousins, too.”
My throat was dry, and I feared for the freedom my family had always had. “Will they have any choice?” I asked.
“I believe so. They will put them together with selected wolves until they find one acceptable. You have to understand that your ancestor was a gift to our race. She had abilities we have not seen since she was alive. Not every white wolf will have all of them, but if we can bring her blood back to our race, there is hope that eventually one will,” he said.
”What will they do if they mate with someone unacceptable to them instead?”
“I don’t know.”
Going back to work because I needed to work until I was exhausted so I could stop thinking about all of this, I picked a house we had recently bought that had not yet been started on. I ran by the site we were currently on and picked two of the less experienced workers. Little skill was called for on this job. The inside was trashed. What they would need was a strong back and a cast iron stomach. The heat was on low, and the pipes were drained. There was a construction dumpster sitting at the front door and the place was ready to clear out.
My two helpers, Ryan and Larry, and I arrived quickly. The look on their face when we pulled in the driveway was priceless. Ryan said, “A match is the best way to empty this place.”
“That’s why you’re not in charge and I am. This house has good bones, it’s in a good location, has a nice size yard, and has four bedrooms. If you had come to look at this place when it was for sale, you would have probably rejected it. When it’s finished, it will be the nicest house on the block.”
Larry said, “I’ll take a piece of that action if this is a bet.”
I laughed at them and their inexperience. This was what I do, and they needed to learn a lesson. “Alright, what do you want to bet?”
Ryan said, “How bout if you lose, you throw a party for all of the guys and give everyone a day off?”
“Sure, and what do I get when you lose?” I was putting on a long-sleeved heavy denim shirt and some big leather gloves with a protective barrier that wouldn’t let liquid through then I placed some knee pads on the truck bed incase they were needed. Now I looked up at them expectantly while they both thought about what to offer so I decided to help them out. “What if when I buy the next house like this, you two donate a weekend to cleaning it up all by yourselves?”
They both nodded and I was sure they didn’t even know what this job would mean. Neither of them had even been inside yet. The back porch was piled high with refuse, some in old brittle trash bags that would bust open when touched and some just loose. If the temperature wasn’t so cool, the smell would have been almost impossible to stand. The floor was rotted out in places from water and sewer leaks that hadn’t been fixed. If they weren’t wolves, I would have asked them if they were up to date on their shots. I knew I was, these places could give you a variety of diseases if you weren’t careful.
They looked at me like I was overdressed until we headed in the door. The old couple had been hoarders and since I knew their family well, I ask the guys to be careful with anything that looked like an heirloom. I had brought a box for things the family might want to keep. They had told me this place was going to be sold. If they hadn’t, I wouldn’t have known about it. It had been advertised in obscure newspapers. Places that handled repossessions and delinquent tax sales, advertised sales in local papers. It was their option to advertise where they chose, and not all newspapers reached large groups of people. They had tried to slip it past other investors. Someone with influence on the seller wanted it, but only for a real steal. All the family ask me for in exchange for telling me about it, was some of the family items. It was a small thing, but it would mean a lot to them.
Larry asked, “You have any more gloves?”
I nodded. “Behind my seat. Get Ryan some too.”
We went to the kitchen and Ryan started on the floor while I went through the cabinets. There were some nice pieces of fine china that I put in the family’s box. Then, I got a trash can and dumped the rest in it. When it was full, I took it to the dumpster. It took me five trips, even with the large black outdoor trash can. I took a crowbar and ripped the cabinets loose. They were beyond repair. I dragged them out in pieces and dumped them. This was a great way to work through my frustration and worry over all this new information Blake had given me. I would wait to see what happened, but they better not cause my family any pain!
Larry and Ryan had the back porch finished and came in for further instructions. They helped me finish the little left in the kitchen and we went to the bedrooms, the bathrooms, the living room, and finally the attic which was loaded with junk. We had to stop for the day without finishing and I was disappointed. Tomorrow was another day.
We went home and I took a long thorough shower. My muscles ached and I felt bone weary from overwork for the first time in ages. Even after the shower, I still felt an ache in my limbs. I would say I was getting soft, but I had never been able to accomplish that amount of work in a day before. Some things about being a werewolf rocked.
Most people would be happy with the improvements to their endurance, strength, and looks. I guess I needed to push it to see where my limits were. Tomorrow, I would push further to see if I hit them, but for now I went to get a meal. Not because I was hungry, but tomorrow I would work hard, and I needed to reenergize. It looked like everyone else had already eaten and Tammy was in the living room. I got some leftovers out of the fridge to heat up and Blake came in, so I got him a glass of tea and set a place for him too.
He seemed really tired, so I stood behind him and massaged his neck while I waited for the food to heat up. The microwave went off and I turned to get the food out, but he grabbed my hand and pulled me to him as he stood. He pulled me in his arms and gave me a gentle kiss before he pulled back and said, “You didn’t have to stop. I liked that more than I needed food.”
“If you behave, you might get more of that later.” I went to get our food out and took it to the table.
He watched me as I put food on our plates before I sat down across from him. We talked a little while we ate, I cleaned up, he sat, and watched me some more. I decided to turn in for the night and Blake went with me making me sure we wouldn’t get to sleep right away.
I woke up feeling really good. The soreness from yesterday had disappeared and I was ready to hit the ground running. When I looked beside me, Blake was smiling and watching me. “Hello there.”
He said, “Good morning.” Leaning over, he gave me a kiss, slid his arm around me, and pulled me up against him. Oh, ya, that felt so good. Best way to start the day. It seemed he wasn’t stopping there. He started to stroke me as he continued to kiss me. His kisses moved down my neck and back up to my ear where he whispered sweet words and his hot breath was driving me crazy. I started stroking him, kissing his neck, rubbing my body against him, I could feel his need, and it sent a wave of want right through me. The passion was building to a fever pitch and the need was consuming us, driving us faster and faster, until we were consumed by wave after wave of sweet release.
What a way to start the day. Once I regained control, I gave him a kiss and ran to the shower, because I needed to get my day going, so I didn’t fall behind with so many projects going and people arriving regularly. Tomorrow, was Tammy’s birthday and everyone knew about the party except Tammy. I was glad to get the chance to show her how much she was appreciated. She was so good with handling the house that I never worried about things getting done there. We couldn’t have done it without her, and I really hoped she would stay. I knew she would love the party and I thought she would like her gift.
Tammy didn’t like to drive so I took her shopping a few times and I took her to the lovely shops in downtown Eureka Springs once. She had seen a beautiful jewelry box with wolves on the lid and she had loved it, so I went back the next day to buy it for her. I thought she would be thrilled but I would know that night. Meanwhile, I had better get to work or I would get grief from the guys.
Larry, Ryan, and I finished cleaning up the house we were working on and started on the floors. We had to pull out some of the floorboards that were rotten. After that, I decided we would rejoin one of the other projects once we had lunch.
We ate in town and then we met up with Danny’s crew to finish out the day. We came back the next day and we finished up the project Danny’s crew was working on with them. We were ahead of schedule now. I let everyone knock off an hour early because of Tammy’s party and I told them dress nice and behave or else. We headed home and everyone was in a good mood.
It was time to get ready to go but I needed an excuse to get Tammy to go with us. I found her in the kitchen getting ready to fix supper. I asked, “Tammy, would you do me a big favor?”
“Ariel, I was looking for you earlier. I wanted to thank you for sending me that birthday bouquet. It was lovely. What kind of favor do you need?”
“Blake and I planned a dinner party tonight but one of the ladies just called to say she couldn’t make it. We need to keep the numbers even for planned activities. It’s a writer’s event. Would you please come?”
She said, “I can’t imagine that I would be able to do anything. I’ve never been to anything like that.”
“It’s alright. All you have to do is come. It would mean so much to us.”
“I’ll go, but you will have to stick with me in case I need help.
“We will. Thank you so much, Tammy.”
We all dressed up and then we headed out. I deflected questions about the dinner party and what these activities were, all the way there.
She was very nervous and hesitated to get out when we arrived at my all-time favorite place, The Bavarian Inn. We walked up the steps to the door where we were cordially greeted. I walked ahead leading the way to the party room at the very back. Tammy followed me and as we entered, everyone yelled Happy Birthday! Tammy was completely caught off guard. The room was full to the point of overflowing with presents stacked all over the middle of every table. I could see happy tears had come to her eyes as she surveyed all the people, presents, and decorations. Appetizers were already on the tables and my mouth began to water. As I sat down, my friend, who happened to be one of the best waiters in the world, Michael, brought us some of their famous sauerkraut soup. They knew what I liked because I came here as often as I could. The food was perfect as always and the party was a complete success.
Everyone enjoyed the food, and we ate desert while Tammy opened her presents. The dessert here was so wonderful, that I only had a small birthday cake delivered so everyone could get dessert here instead. The cake would go home with us where it would be eaten the next day. After the presents were opened, people started to leave. They trailed by us, giving Tammy hugs and kisses. The bill was paid, and we left as well.
Tammy said, “You really are very sneaky. I didn’t know you were planning this until I walked through the door and saw everyone.”
“I hope you enjoyed it.”
“It was wonderful.”
We got back home, and everyone headed to bed, except me. I went to check my messages. I wished I hadn’t. Cindy had left one. Apparently, she was at the airport waiting to be picked up and had been there a couple hours now. She planned to surprise her mother by visiting, but the surprise had been hers. I went to tell Blake, but he was in the shower, so I asked Ryan to go pick her up. He left right away. I finished my messages and went to the bedroom where Blake was in bed waiting for me. I told him about Cindy, but he seemed glad that Ryan had gone to get her. I was happy that he didn’t seem disappointed.
I put on a nightgown and slid into my side of the bed where I was expecting to go to sleep right away, but Blake wasn’t sleepy. He pulled me into his arms. It felt nice to be held like that where it was safe, warm, and I could easily go to sleep. That was until he started kissing and stroking me. All thoughts of sleep quickly fled.

(Blake)

I felt relaxed now that we were through, sleep would come soon, I kept her in my arms, and it felt so good to hold her. She was asleep already, I could tell by her steady breathing. It only reminded me that she was working way too hard and taking on too many duties herself. I was glad Ryan went after Cindy. She was a real pain and I wish she had stayed with Drake. I didn’t have the time to deal with her incessant complaints and her nonstop demands. Cindy was a spoiled child who would never grow up. I knew Tammy had a lot of regrets where she was concerned. Cindy’s dad had died young, and Tammy had tried to make it up to her. It hadn’t worked out well.
Trying to think, I wasn’t sure why Cindy had come. Maybe she thought Drake would miss her and beg her to come back. I was sure she would be disappointed. He would never do that, and he might even be glad she was gone. I know that once I had time to think about it clearly, I realized I would have never been happy with her. Now I could only hope she wouldn’t cause any problems while she was here. As I took a deep breath trying to relax because I needed my sleep, I decided tomorrow would be time enough to worry about Cindy.
When I woke up, Ariel was gone. I got up, dressed, and headed out for breakfast. Ariel and her crew must have left already. Cindy was at the table with a few people who didn’t need to be at work early that were still hanging around. Cindy said, “I’m sure Ariel didn’t tell you I was waiting to be picked up.” She sounded like a petulant child.
I looked her in the eyes and said, “She told me as soon as she knew. We sent Ryan to get you.”
Now she looked annoyed. “Why couldn’t you come to get me yourself?”
I said, “I wanted some time with my mate. We haven’t been married very long and I can’t get enough of her, I thought you came to see your mother anyway.”
Cindy flushed a bright red, and I was sure it was anger because nothing ever embarrassed her. “Why can’t I be here to see both of you?”
Tammy came over and said quietly, “Watch yourself, Cindy. Ariel will rip your head off if you overstep yourself.”
I had to smile, and I wish she was jealous, it would be a sign that she cared. Or it would just mean she was territorial. After all, I was her mate and I knew if Cindy made her mad, she could indeed make Cindy pay for it. I almost wanted to see her do just that except I would have to step in, that would be stimulating to say the least. To see my mate fighting off an encroacher that was the stuff dreams were made of and I guess I was in close touch with my primitive side. It wasn’t like I would let them fight, Cindy would get the bad side of that. She was all mouth and no backbone.
Cindy said, “What are you smiling about?”
“Nothing. Why did you decide to come for a visit? We aren’t really set up for visitors yet.”
Cindy said, “This house looks pretty nice to me. Nicer than home.”
“This is Ariel’s house,” I said.
Cindy made a face. “How can she afford something like this? What does she do for a living?”
“She runs a construction company.”
“You poor thing. Your wife is not very feminine, is she? Her hands must be as rough as sandpaper.”
“Not at all. She knows how to wear gloves. Her touch is as smooth as silk, and I am very happy with my mate. It’s a shame things didn’t work out with you and Drake. You’d be happy, too,” I said.
She made a terrible face and I wondered if it was her intention to cause trouble. I noticed she and Ariel didn’t like each other. Ariel always tensed when Cindy was mentioned, and Cindy never said anything positive about Ariel. She was the only one that had met Ariel without immediately liking her. I said goodbye and left to get my work done, I could only hope Cindy would behave.
I made a trip to the construction site, but everything was running smoothly since Matt was dealing with problems the instant they showed. Things were going fine on the lake frontage, too. I really wasn’t needed here so I called Drake from the construction trailer in case he had any questions, but he seemed happy with the progress.
He said, “You should let your mate handle all your projects.”
“She has her own projects to handle,”
“She seems more than capable of juggling many things.”
I smiled, he sounded jealous. She was a rare woman indeed and she was all mine. I finished with him but found I had nothing that I had to do. Since Ariel had Matt take over construction, I no longer had worries there. She helped Phil with the lake front permits, so there was no problems there. She seemed to have everything organized and in hand making my life so much easier. I worried that she was doing too much since she was so tired this week and I just knew that Cindy being here wasn’t going to help. I decided I would track her down to take her out to lunch. Walking over to see Matt, he gave me directions to where she was working. She was with Danny’s team today.
This huge house just off the highway was where I pulled up. It wasn’t that far from the construction site. It was a beehive of activity with roofers putting a new roof on. Those weren’t her people, they worked for a roofing company. Some of her people were working on windows. I walked through the door and saw people painting. One of them pointed me in the right direction so I headed up the steps. She wasn’t on the second floor, so I made my way up to the third. I saw someone on a ladder going to the attic and even though I only saw her rear, I knew it was her. She was slowly coming down the ladder carrying a box and her balance wasn’t good. I stepped up to where I would catch her if she fell, but somehow, she made it all the way down.
She seemed really excited, then she saw me, and smiled. “You won’t believe what we just found in the attic.”
I smiled back at her. Her mood was contagious. “What did you find?”
“All manner of treasures are hidden up there. There are antiques, old books, maps, jewelry, and even some odd coins,” she said.
“That’s nice.”
“Don’t you understand that not only might these items have historical significance, but some are surely worth money.”
“What kind of money are we talking about?”
“Thousands of dollars, possibly.”
“That sounds like a good find,” I said. “Let’s go to lunch and celebrate.”
“I have to get this stuff put somewhere safe.”
I said, “Let the guys handle it.”
“I need a shower if we go somewhere.”
I noticed she was sweaty, dusty, and had cobwebs in her hair. “Let me take you home where you can shower, change, and then I’ll take you out to eat.”
She called to Danny and put him in charge of the stuff in the attic. Then, I took her home. Ariel showered, changed quickly, and I drove to Eureka the back way. She directed me to an out of the way restaurant on the way in. Garden Bistro had a casual, friendly atmosphere, and she said they used a lot of local and organic ingredients to make hard to find and gourmet type of dishes.
The lady who seated us talked to us a while and discussed today’s menu and specials. We were able to make informed choices and when the food came, it was delicious. Both of us ordered the New York strip which was perfect. Ariel said it was her favorite, but she liked several of the other choices, too. She had proven her point. There were a lot of great places to eat in Eureka.  Especially when you had a knowledgeable guide like I did.
When we were through eating, we went for a walk and looked at some of the shops downtown. There was a wide variety of things you could get. We went in a store that had food items and she found some European chocolate which she bought. Splitting a bar, we walked around. There was a store that had pewter figurines and I found out that she had a small collection of castles, dragons, and other things. When I wanted to buy her one, she said she already had enough. She would run out of room for them. Several stores carried jewelry and we passed a store that carried lingerie.
Ariel said, “That’s one of my favorite stores.”
“One of mine, too,” I said with a smile.
We decided to head for home before they sent out a search party since we were never gone this long without telling someone where we were. It was a lot of fun, we talked the whole way back. I was disappointed that we arrived so quickly, but I was sure we would do this again.
The first person we saw as we headed in the house was Cindy. She came up to meet us and she looked at me and whined, “Where did you go? I’ve been stuck here all day with nothing to do and I thought you would show me around.”
“I don’t know my way around yet. Ariel has been taking me to some places, but I have been working a lot, so I don’t have much time. Maybe one of the guys can show you around.”
Cindy made a face that was a cross between anger and disgust. “This is a vacation for me, and I wanted to spend some time with you. We never had a chance to talk.”
Ariel walked away and she was in the kitchen with Tammy. I only wanted to get past Cindy to go to the kitchen too. “There’s nothing to talk about. We are friends and I am mated. Happily mated, to a beautiful woman who I want to spend every moment with. Why can’t you understand that?”
“I don’t believe you. You can’t forget what we had so quickly. It was just a rebound when you jumped at the first thing you found. She isn’t even a wolf, but some common human you cling to because you lost what you really wanted.”
I looked at her for a moment, my mouth was open in surprise. How could she misread the situation so completely? When I looked up and saw Ariel walking to the bedroom and she glanced up at me. I couldn’t read her expression, but her body language told me she wasn’t happy. Cindy took this moment to launch herself on me and give me a hug and a kiss. I didn’t even have a chance to push her away. Ariel was on her so quick, it was a blur. She had her pinned to the floor with a knee across her throat. Cindy looked up with fear in her eyes, unable to breathe properly.
Ariel looked down at her coldly and said, “If he wants to leave, I will let him go. But until he does, he belongs to me. You are no longer welcome in my home. Pack your bags and get out.”
She got up and without a look back, she went to the bedroom. I looked at Cindy and said, “You’ve just managed to almost get killed and get my mate pissed off at me. I’ll have Ryan take you to the airport.”
I called Ryan and he was there quickly. He never asked what happened, he just loaded Cindy up to haul her away. Now I had to think about facing an angry she-wolf. I had no doubt she blamed me too. She was hurt and angry and had actually handled it better than I would have. For such a lovely day to end in this way was unthinkable.
Chapter 10

Rome




(Blake)

I wondered if I should give her more time to cool off or take my chances and go to her now, but I decided to man up and take my life in my hands. Hopefully, it wouldn’t be too bad. As I entered the room expecting the worst, I could see she was on her laptop working. She was wearing her robe. When she heard me, she shut her laptop down and walked up to me. I just knew she was going to go commando on me. Instead, she slipped off her robe and put her arms around my neck. Ariel pulled my head down and gave me a kiss as I realized she wasn’t wearing anything under the robe. This surprise, I liked. She pulled me toward the bed, started undressing me, I helped, and then we were in bed where she was aggressive. The wolf in me wanted to take control, but the man enjoyed the rare chance to give up control and see what would happen next.
My mate was on top, in every sense of the word. She was dispensing pleasure, demanding a response, I fought the desire to roll her over, and take control. There was this thought in the back of my mind, if I didn’t give her this control now, I would wake one morning tied to the bed and everything she did might not be this pleasant. As far as punishments go, I couldn’t complain.
Ariel had my every nerve ending screaming for release as she teased me with her mouth and her hands until the aching need was almost unbearable. Just when I thought I could take no more, she slid into place fitting our bodies together perfectly. She was urging, directing, and praising me, whispering delightful words as we pushed for the sweet release, we both sought. It crashed over us in wave after wave and I could only call out her name over and over. When it ended, we were so exhausted we fell into a deep sleep wrapped in each other arms.
I woke with her still in my arms and I thought about doing it all over again, but it was late afternoon. My projects needed checked up on and I had to check for the messages I was sure I had received while I slept. It was worth it to have the time with Ariel, but I needed to catch up now. I saw she was waking up, too and I was sure she would need to check her messages and talk to Matt, Danny, and Andy about the projects they were in charge of. She was doing so much, and she made it look effortless. We both dressed and went to do what we had to, so we could be done by supper time.
When I checked my phone, I saw Drake had called. What now? I just spoke to him a few hours ago, all was well, so I call him to ask him what he needed and there was a long pause. “We may have a big problem in Europe. The world council has informed us that they may need one of our people to help them if the situation continues to get out of hand,” he said.
“What could we possibly do that could help them?”
Drake said, “It involves our golden rule. There is a particular member they have ask to be ready to travel at a moment’s notice.”
Secrecy, damn, that was our golden rule. The one held up before all others. There would always be legends, rumors, and myths surrounding werewolves. That was alright and it had always been that way. But for someone to discover facts, to know and have proof of their existence, no cost was too great and no wolf too necessary not be sacrificed for secrecy. The smallest pups knew from the age they could speak, that secrecy was everything. I had a really bad feeling now, but I asked anyway. “Who do they want?”
Drake took a deep breath. “Ariel.”
I felt sick with a sense of dread that almost overwhelmed me. “Why do they want her?”
“If the story continues to grow and gains credibility, they want Ariel to come in to diffuse the situation,” Drake said.
“How is she supposed to do that?”
Drake said, “They told me she would know how. I have to say that even though I don’t know her well, I would agree that she would know what to do. Tell me you don’t think so too.”
I knew he was right. She handled everything smoothly, she was a born manager, and her writing career would no doubt help her diffuse the situation easily. Just having a famous fictional writer with a new book out, seen in the area would probably cast doubt on the validity of any claims of werewolf sightings. We said our goodbyes and hung up. Once again, I realized that I did her no favors bringing her into my world. She was in a constant demand, and I feared it would only get worse, and I wondered if I should tell her about this latest development. Maybe it would go away on its own.
While I caught up on all my messages and made those decisions that I needed to, it was supper time, so next I headed to the dining room. There was a crowd, but Ariel wasn’t among them. Matt, Danny, and Andy were there with some of their crews. I started to ask Matt where Ariel was, but he interrupted me. “Up in her office getting an update on the new book.”
I nodded, headed that way, and I found her in her office still on the phone to her agent. The door was open, but I knocked on the frame to get her attention. She smiled at me motioning for me to take a seat.
“I thought I had already completed my usual two public appearances. Charlie, I don’t want to do anymore, and I especially don’t want to go to Italy...I don’t care what you tell them…Give me a break…The book is already a best seller, why would I need this?” She looked at me, covered the phone with her hand, and whispered, “Don’t worry. I’m not going anywhere.” Ariel started talking in the phone again, “I know I’m crazy, if I wasn’t, I wouldn’t be a writer…O.k. I will just think about it, but I’m still going to say no...Bye.” My mate looked at me, sighing heavily. “That was unbelievable!”
I asked, “What was that all about?”
“Charlie said some snazzy Italian magazine, Ciao Romano, wants to fly me out there to do an interview and photo shoot. It seems they have some werewolf activity locally, they want to capitalize on it, and draw some subscribers and advertisers in with a little paranormal section in the next issue. They are willing to pay an unbelievable amount to get what they want.”
“You don’t want to go?” I asked.
“They want me to come alone. It will be a whirlwind of activities for three or four days. It sounds too much like work,” she said.
“Don’t you need the money?”
“Not as badly as I need time right now, but I will admit it’s a sweet offer. No one has ever offered me a hundred thousand for four days.”
I was feeling a little suspicious. That was a lot of money for four days of a writer’s time, even if she was at the top of the Paranormal Romance list every time, she released a book. Feeling I needed to talk to Drake to find out if he knew anything, I knew I wouldn’t like it. It was also odd that it came at the same time that the world council was concerned about werewolf stories getting out and I could only think it was connected. I said, “We better get down there before your crews eat up all of the food.”
We ate supper and she headed back to her office. I went to call Drake because I didn’t like coincidences and this one seemed too perfect. “A magazine in Italy just made Ariel an offer to fly her there, interview her and do a photo shoot. Know anything about it?”
“No, but I would like to see that photo shoot,” Drake said.
I felt an unreasonable anger and jealousy. “She is a writer, not a model or star. I’m sure it would be a book related shoot.”
“Is she going to do it?” Drake asked.
“She doesn’t want to, but it is a great offer. They pay all expenses, a hundred thousand cash, and the publicity will help her latest book.”
Drake said, “Sounds like an easy decision to accept.”
“She told me she needs time more than money right now.”
“Are you sure she isn’t saying no just for you?” Drake asked.
“So, what if she is?”
“Do you want her to resent you? This would be a great finish to her series. The pictures from the shoot would be great memories for her later. If it was me, I would encourage her to go. Besides, that is the location the world council is concerned with. Maybe it will take care of that problem as well.”
“They want her there alone with no distractions.”
“So, you can’t let her do something alone that will be good for her?” Drake asked.
He made me feel selfish and I suppose I was where she was concerned. “You’re right. I should be encouraging her, not standing in her way. I’ll talk to her tonight. Catch you later.” I looked at the phone in my hand wishing I hadn’t talked to Drake at all, because I knew if I encouraged her, she would go.

(Drake)

I looked at the phone I had just hung up feeling guilty. Deceiving Blake bothered me, but he would never let her go alone any other way. The instructions from the council had been clear. Use any means necessary to get her to take the job and go alone. As I looked at the plan on my desk, I saw that the photo shoot would be anything but innocent. One of the council members worked in the media. He pitched the interview and the shoot to the magazine. They might not have agreed but he showed them a photo of Ariel at her joining. She was looking at Blake with a look of want on her face that was so appealing any man would have dreams after seeing it. His proposal was immediately accepted, and an elaborate shoot and interview planned. The catch was that money didn’t seem to hold the sway with her like they had hoped for. She had said no in the strongest possible language. They left the offer on the table and her agent asked them to give her a little time to consider it.
I was sure she would take it if Blake encouraged her. We were all surprised when she didn’t jump on it right away. He had to be the reason she didn’t want to go. The women I knew would kill for the chance to go to Italy to be treated like a celebrity. She would be wined and dined, paid handsomely, and get perfect exposure for her latest book release. Cindy would have stepped over my broken and bleeding body for a chance like that. She was a cold-hearted bitch. I had schemed and plotted to be in charge of this pack and get Cindy. Maybe if I had gone to Branson, I would have ended up with Ariel. Life has a way of punishing you and sometimes it’s by giving you what you ask for. Now, I was messing with Blake’s life again. If it turned out like last time, Blake would probably win the lottery or find out his first born was on the way. If that happened, maybe I wouldn’t feel so guilty. At least this time, it wasn’t my fault.
I picked up the phone and made a call. “I’ve done all I can, we should know if it worked soon.” When I hung up and went to the living room to relax, I saw Cindy was back.
She came up to me smiling. “Drake, I missed you, so I came back to see you.”
I figured whatever the conniving bitch planned, it hadn’t worked. “What do you want, Cindy?”
“I don’t like Blake’s new mate and I don’t think she’s good for him,” Cindy said.
“What do you want me to do about it?”
“I know you like her. Get her to leave Blake. Take her for yourself.”
“She’s no good for Blake, but good enough for me?” I asked.
“You can handle her and keep her in line. Blake lets her do anything she wants, and he can’t control her. He’s not strong like you are.”
“So, you made a play for Blake, and not only did he reject you, but Ariel bounced your ass out of the house,” I said laughing.
“I could have taken her, but I was just caught off guard from behind,” she said.
“I’m going to give you a bit of advice. The last advice or help that you will ever get out of me. Stay away from Blake and Ariel. Not just for their good, but also for your own. The world council has plans for them and you might be banished or destroyed if they find out you are causing trouble for them.”
“What could they possibly want with a lowly two bit human that owns a construction company? So, she’s got some money, big deal. She probably spent it all on her house,” she said.
“You are a spiteful and stupid woman. She has a lot more than a little money and that’s not why they want her. She is also not human anymore, she’s one of us and from a lost bloodline,” I said. She made me mad, and I had said too much.
“They want to breed her to Blake. Does he know, is that why he wants her?”
“He knows now, but he didn’t know before he blooded her and that is not why he wants her. I’m sure he wishes it wasn’t true. You lost him fair and square, and you have lost me too, now. Just stay out of my way and theirs for your own good.”
I walked off thinking how lucky Blake was. He no longer had Cindy to deal with.

(Blake)

I was in the bedroom waiting for Ariel and I wanted to handle this right and support her career, but I didn’t want to push her into going. How would I do that? I worked on my emails while I waited, and I hoped I answered them properly because I couldn’t remember what any of them said.
She came into the room and started undressing saying something about a shower as she left a trail of clothing as she went. I was undressed, and ready for a shower, too, by the time I caught up to her. This was more fun than the conversation we needed to have, anyway.
Now we were done with the conversation still ahead of me. At least I was relaxed, and I looked at her and she looked relaxed, too. Looking away, so she could not see that I didn’t really want her to go. “Ariel, I don’t want you to give up on something you really want to do, because of me. I know the trip to Italy will be good for you, for your writing, and I know what that means to you. If you want to go, I would feel bad if you didn’t go because you thought I would be upset.” Yes, that sounded good, now I cast a worried glance at her to see how she took it, but she was asleep. Damn, it had come out so good. I pulled her up against me and put my arms around her. She snuggled into me and said something softly. I could almost pretend it was I love you. When I listened to her steady breathing, at some point, I fell asleep also.
Waking, I looked beside me. She was gone already, and I usually woke when she got out of bed. Today, was one of those days that I didn’t know what to expect. It was my birthday, and I wasn’t sure if someone made plans or not, but I didn’t want anyone to make a big deal out of it. Maybe Ariel didn’t know when it was. She was well known for her surprises so I decided I might as well get up to find out what today held in store. I dressed and made it out for breakfast. Everyone said, “Happy birthday, Blake. There were a few presents, and Tammy had fixed Eggs Benedict for me and everyone else that wanted it. Maybe this would be it, but I noticed Ariel looking at me with a secretive smile on her face. There would be more, I just didn’t know what.
When I finished eating, Ariel came over to grab me by the hand. “I have a little surprise for you.”
We walked down the hall to the nearest guest bedroom. I wondered what she could possibly hide in here. She opened the door. “Surprise!”
“Wow. When did you do all this? How did you do all this?” I looked at the room that was now an office. Not just any office, but an office any executive would be proud to have. It was masculine, with wood and leather. The oversized desk dominated the room, and it had a large leather desk chair waiting for me. She led me to it so I could sit down. It was comfortable enough to take a nap in. She handed me a remote and I realized the chair vibrated and had heat.
“It’s for those tough days when you get all stressed out,” she said. There was a small fireplace with a small copy of the picture of the two wolves from the living room but in a different location. They were near a creek running along the bank. Two chairs were across from the desk, black leather too, and a couch was along the right-hand wall. There was a large TV screen on the opposite wall and a beautiful carved wooden wolf on the wall across from the desk with a clock on it. There were bookshelves on two of the walls which only had some decorative items on them, they were waiting for my books. The office was perfect, everything I would have ask for had I planned it myself.
“You are sneaky. I didn’t suspect a thing.”
She said, “You needed this, because you couldn’t work out of the bedroom or a construction trailer. Even if you have an office in the new building, you’ll still need one at home.”
Yes, this was definitely starting to feel like home. “Sweetheart, this is perfect. Thank you for always thinking of me and being the perfect partner,” I said as I pulled her into my arms to kiss her. “Now, I want to do something for you. I think you want to go to Italy, but you are staying because of me. Now I know this could be a big thing for your writing career so I don’t want you to say no because you think it will be hard on me. I don’t want to hold you back or cause you to have regrets. You can chase your dreams and I will still be here waiting for you, and I won’t get mad like last time, I promise. I won’t misunderstand because I do trust you.”
“Are you sure you want me to do this?” she asked.
I guess Drake was right. She planned to stay because of me. Did that mean something or was she just afraid I’d turn into a total animal again? “Yes, I don’t want you to hold back on your dreams because you think it will hurt me.”
She still looked uncertain, but then she seemed to make up her mind. “Alright, I’ll go. I better call Charlie and tell her.” She left me standing in my perfect office, all alone, wondering if I was doing the right thing.

(Ariel)

“Hey, Charlie. How’s it going today?” I asked.
“Did you give that offer some thought?
“Yes, and I will consider it, but I have some stipulations like I must have my personal assistant with me to keep me straight and I also want no personal questions for the interview and no nudity or offensive presentation for the photo shoot.”
“I’m sure they will agree. They want this badly.”
“Any hint as to why?”
“Their readership has dropped off recently. This is a chance to take advantage of some rumors and sightings near their headquarters. It will bring back lost readers and expose them to a market they have never had. You are a rare prize for them. Everyone knows you rarely do public appearances and you have never done a shoot before. You’re going to have the best time,” Charlie said.
“I hope so.” But I couldn’t shake a slight feeling of unease. I decided to go and find Sally and I found her about to leave with the crew. “Sally, I need you here today.” I told Matt the same thing and that I was going to Italy soon.
Sally looked at me with a worried expression. “Have I done something wrong?”
“No, I need a personal assistant for a four-day trip to Italy and I want you to go with me,” I said. It would sure beat her sitting around mooning over Matt.
“When?” she asked.
I said, “It will be at the drop of a hat. Do you have a passport?”
She said, “I got one last year for a trip to Mexico. It wasn’t necessary for the trip, but it was a good second form of I.D.”
“Do you need anything for the trip?” I asked.
She asked, “How should I dress?”
“That settles it. We are going shopping.”
We went to Branson to two of the malls where we bought everything from lingerie to business suits. I felt good about our purchases and had the bill sent to my agent. After all, didn’t they say all expenses paid? Sally probably never had clothes, makeup, and jewelry like that in her life. That thought made me add a bottle of expensive perfume because she admired the scent and I told her to consider it a bonus for all the work she would be doing before we left. I remembered she worked in an office at one point and those skills would come in handy now. We stopped at a nice Italian place for lunch and then we headed home. Sally was fun to shop with. Everything was exciting to her, and she was so darn grateful for every purchase.
My phone rang and it was Charlie. We would leave in the morning catching a private plane to New York. They would stop there to pick up more people and then head to Italy. That was perfect, no plane changes or stopovers. We went home to pack up. Matt would take us to the airport. All he could do was complain about Sally going with me. “You don’t care that I’ll be gone, as long as Sally stays? Maybe you need to review your relationship with her.”
He flushed. “It’s not like that, she is a hard worker, and I need my whole crew right now.”
I gave him a look that said I didn’t believe him. “Give them an incentive to extend their hours. We can afford it. I bet not one of them will refuse. Young, greedy, and hard working, just the way I like my crews.”
Matt said, “O.k., Mom, you be careful and watch out for Sally. She’s a little green.”
“I will. This should be good for her. She needs to see the world and expand her experiences. It will also be a lot of fun,”
Somehow, everything was ready before supper. Ryan would take over Matt’s crew for the day so Matt could drive us in the morning. I should feel excited about the trip, but I really just wanted to stay home with Blake and everyone else. They were just paying too much for a simple interview and photo shoot. Who does a photo shoot of an author anyway? A few pictures at the interview are expected, but they do not a photo shoot make. What were they up to and why?
We had a crowd for supper. Not everyone could sit at the table so Matt, Danny, Andy, Sally, Blake, and I sat in the kitchen. We talked about my trip and all the construction projects. I had to admit the infusion of cash would be a big help. We were overloaded right now, and we could outsource a few things that we normally didn’t. Certain things, I always subcontracted like roofing, electrical, and sometimes plumbing. Everything else, we usually had our own crews do. Right now, we could catch up if we had the floors done by someone else in two houses. We wouldn’t be behind right now, if not for the building for Blake tying up a crew for an inestimable period of time. They could even use two crews for his building if they were available. Maybe it didn’t matter, Blake seemed happy at the progress so far.
Blake said, “Don’t worry, we’ll be fine. Your boys know what they are doing.”
“I know they do, but they are used to having me available to help with certain things. At least it’s only a few days,” I said. We finished eating and everyone turned in for the night because we all had early morning plans.
We went to our bedroom and as soon as the door closed, he turned and took me in his arms. My head was against his chest so I could feel the warmth of his body and hear his heartbeat as it got faster. He smelled nice, a little like the outdoors mixed with a little of his own musk. It immediately caused my temperature to rise and my heart to beat faster like his. I lifted my face toward him as he lowered his lips to mine, gently teasing, kissing and lightly sucking on my lower lip. He started stroking me with his hands, lightly, so I could barely feel it, making me want more. Blake stopped and I felt a terrible sense of loss and whimpered wanting his hands to continue their work. I looked up to see he had removed his shirt and now he removed mine. Oh, yes. His hands were back doing their work. Stroking and building the tension, dispensing pleasure, and making me want more.
The need was building, growing to an all-consuming crest that threatened to devour me if not appeased. I started to undo his belt and he helped me. He finished undressing and I did the same. Now I could press against his body and feel his warm skin. Our passion continued to rise, I felt almost delirious with it. He pulled me down on the bed and I felt him slide over me. We joined together and it was magical. Two bodies striving for the same conclusion, skin on skin, hands giving pleasure, and lips encouraging a fever pitch. Hotter, faster, and more, until an explosion like fireworks, lighting up my mind, sending me over the edge and taking him with me. Oh, dear Lord, I can’t catch my breath!
“Blake,” I whispered. I wondered if he heard me.
“Mm,” he said.
“Are you alright?” I asked, barely able to speak.
“I’m the best I ever remember being,” he replied as I heard him gasping for breath.
I slid closer to him, snuggling up against him and I needed to sleep to regain my strength Still, I couldn’t believe how incredible that was, but I felt worn out needing some sleep. He wrapped his arms around me making me feel safe.
There is this terrible deafening noise, and it was my alarm. Somehow, we managed to slide all the way over to my nightstand during the night. My alarm is almost up against my ear which I am unhappy about. It does the job, we are both awake now. We dressed and that’s all I really have to do. Everything was loaded last night so I wouldn’t forget in the morning rush to the airport. Sally and I wore something comfortable, jeans and a t-shirt with sneakers. I’m not going to take a long flight wearing a business suit and heels and I thought Sally was glad because she wasn’t looking forward to wearing business clothes either. Matt was ready, so we ate breakfast quickly and I told Blake goodbye.
“Don’t stay any longer than you have to,” Blake said.
“I’ll be home before you have time to miss me.”
“You’re not even gone, and I already miss you.”
He looked serious. “You know how to give my ego a boost.”
“It shouldn’t need a boost after what you did to me last night.” He kissed me.
I smiled and I will probably smile all the way to Italy thinking about that. Matt yelled, so I had to go.
Sally said, “This is so exciting. I’ve never been to Rome before, I’ve never been out of the country before except for Mexico.”
“You’re lucky we are flying by private plane. It will be much easier.” I was still apprehensive, I was certain some complication would arise for some reason I just knew it.
We arrived at the airport where I had Matt drop us at the door. There was no point in him coming in. Parking was a mess here anyway. We entered and a man approached us right away. He spoke with an accent. “Maggie, you look just like your pictures. Who is your lovely traveling companion?”
I said, “This is Sally, my personal assistant. Your name is…”
“Oh, so sorry. I am Roberto and I am here to meet you, escort you to the hotel in Rome, and I am at your disposal for your stay. Anything you need, I will be happy to help you with,” he said.
“Thank you, Roberto. It is a pleasure to meet you.”
“If you will just follow me, we will be going right away. You are the only ones being picked up here,” he said.
We followed him and he had someone else bring the luggage along. I carried my laptop with a small travel bag and Sally had a small travel bag. She had a book to read and some other travel essential. We walked through a metal detector to the loading area before we walked through a screening area and loaded on the plane. Our bags weren’t selected to be searched so the plane took off moments later. Unbelievable, maybe a private plane was worth the added expense. I knew they could be chartered. That left me wondering what this plane cost. There were others on board, just not from this airport.
I let Sally sit by the window. She wanted to look out to see the scenery as we took off and the clouds once we were airborne. Keeping busy on my next new series, I had plenty to do. It was a vampire story, part of the Once Bitten series. The first book would be The Bloody Difference and I was pretty excited about it. I thought it might be as popular as the werewolf books had been. It was just a few pages, but I already knew how it would end and some of the things that would happen along the way. On a long flight like this, I might get a few chapters ready for editing. I glanced at Sally noticing she had my last werewolf book.
“You’re not reading that before the first eleven books, are you?”
“I have always read your books as soon as they come out. No one writes believable werewolf romances. Yours make me think true love is possible and I was shocked when you told me you were Maggie. I’ve wanted to meet you for so long. You have a real gift.”
I smiled at her. “You are the perfect fan. Nothing but enthusiasm and praise, I could get used to that.”
After I set up my laptop, I got to work for about an hour, maybe two. Totally losing track of time as I wrote riding a wave of pure inspiration, I didn’t realize until the plane landed that we were stopping to pick someone up in Chicago. It wouldn’t take long and then there shouldn’t be any more stops until New York. This had been a last-minute addition. Someone had gotten very lucky to get this flight so quickly. I stretched a little as I waited for a flight attendant to bring drinks around. She offered us some wine, it was Moscato, and I took a glass. She also brought a snack tray for Sally and me to share. Now I had a few crackers with meat and started drinking my wine. It relaxed me so I started writing again and I was on a roll, and I didn’t want to stop, but I felt like I was being watched. At first, I ignored it as long as I could, then I looked around, seeing someone I knew. It was Antonio and he was our last-minute pickup. It seemed I had adjusted to his evil appearance. It didn’t frighten me anymore and I returned his stare for a moment and then dismissed him with nod. The look on his face had caught me off guard. It reminded me of the look Frank had on his face all the time.
I whispered to Sally, “There is another werewolf on board. He represents the world council. Do you know him?”
Her eyes seemed to be drawn in his direction as soon as she looked up. She said, “I would have noticed right away had I not been lost in your book. I know him from a council meeting I attended. He makes me nervous, but I don’t know why. He keeps staring over at us, but I think he’s looking at you.”
“Just don’t look at him anymore. He’ll think he’s important to us,” I said.
She said, “It may not matter. He’s heading over here.”
Just my luck, the seats behind us were empty and so were the ones across from us. On this plane, every other row faced the other way. If he sat there, I would be facing him the whole flight so I could only hope he wouldn’t stay. He stopped in the aisle right by me, I fought to keep writing, acting like I wasn’t aware that he was there. Why didn’t he just move on?
“Ariel, how nice to see you here,” he said.
I looked up, startled not expecting him to speak. He grabbed my hand kissing it while looking into my eyes for a reaction as he did so. I kept my face shielded. “I thought that was you back there and I intended to speak to you when we disembarked. It’s just that I have so much work to do.” I smiled like I was happy to see him which seemed to surprise him making me wonder if he hoped to see the fear again, but I wasn’t sure. I wondered why he didn’t move on now.
“Ariel, I hope you don’t mind if I sit across from you. I was very impressed with you last time we met, and we didn’t have much time to talk,” he said as he sat.
I smiled at him apologetically, “I won’t be very good company since I’m so far behind on my work, if I don’t do it, I’ll be a nervous wreck. My agent is a real slave driver, and I have strict contracts. I’m sure you understand.” I continued to check emails and answer them as I talked to him.
“I’ll let you work a little while, but I’m sure you take breaks for meals. We’ll talk more then.”
Sally watched closely, but she didn’t say anything. I knew she would ask about it when we were away from him, and I continued to type like a crazy person using Antonio as inspiration for my bad guy. It seemed to suit his personality. All my readers would hate him, I was sure of it. He made a good evil vampire, because I was certain that he was in reality, an evil werewolf and I thought if things kept up like this, I might end up halfway through a rough draft of my book by the time we hit Italy.
Completely lost in my writing, oblivious to everything, I jumped when Sally touched my arm. I looked up blinking several times trying to clear my vision. “They are bringing meals around. You should put your laptop up for now.”
“Thanks for letting me know.” I smiled at her, and I started moving everything around getting my tray cleared before the meals were brought. The food was better than the usual airline fare. After we ate, lights were dimmed, and Antonio started to speak to me. He was cordial to both Sally and me, but he seemed to want to impress me, so he was trying very hard to be friendly. His position with the world council would normally make him someone that I should be trying to be on good terms with. Why was he the one who seemed almost desperate to establish a relationship? It was obvious that he was interested in me on more than one level, but he knew Blake and I were joined. This was not only a waste of his time to pursue me, but if he did manage to lure me away, we would both be outcasts, unprotected and alone. Maybe he was looking for an affair, but that wasn’t the feeling I got from him. Why couldn’t he just go away?
Infidelity was rare among werewolves. There were exceptions, usually among the male wolves. Besides, joining was usually a strong, unbreakable bond. I knew it could be broken, but most werewolves were not aware of that fact. A joining could be confused by mixing the blood of several wolves with your own. Eventually, all connections would be severed by the inner wolf. It was a painful process which only the most desperate person would consider going through.
He continued to talk to me in a charming and flirtatious manner, but I didn’t relax around him which I could tell he noticed. Antonio certainly won Sally over with his flattery combined with his European sophistication. The poor girl didn’t know what hit her. She thought him sweet, not seeing the danger that lurked just beneath the surface of his smile. He’d managed to overcome her original concerns about him.
The lights were dimmed so people could settle down to sleep. When I told Antonio that Sally and I would have a hectic schedule, so we needed to sleep, he gave in reluctantly, preparing to settle in to sleep as well.
I felt cold. Not just the normal cold, but the kind that seems to reach your very soul and I turned to look behind me for the pursuit I knew was coming. In a forest I was unfamiliar with and tired from a long run, I just wanted to rest. Briars and brambles tore at me, and my fur was full of the signs of a long chase. I could see shadows getting closer, but the cold was almost unbearable. They were close enough now, that I could see the glow in their faces. Yellows and reds, hinting at the evil they brought with them. The wind brought the smell of death to me, as my tired legs gained new strength from the panic that bolted through me. They were drawing steadily nearer, and, in my fear-crazed mind, I imagined that I could feel their hot breath and smell the misery they would give me. I could now see the red and yellow light was shining centered eerily in their eyes. Would they never stop hunting me?
I sat up, my eyes shot wide open, and I was looking right into Antonio’s unusual pale green eyes. I just knew that he was aware of my dream, he knew what chased me and why. Maybe he was even one of them. Calming myself, I tried to slow my breathing to normal.
He asked, “Bad dream?”
I smiled stiffly. “It’s just strange waking in an unfamiliar place.” We both knew I was not being honest, the lie hung in the air between us.
Sally continued to sleep, but I knew without Blake here to hold me, I would be unable to sleep again for a while. “I hope I didn’t disturb you.”
“I hoped to find out more about you. Maybe we could talk since you are awake anyway.”
Now I changed my tactics with him, deciding to be charming instead. I told him some funny stories from home. He seemed to really enjoy the stories about the Pension Mountain Pygmies. Who would have thought such a sophisticate would appreciate local Ozark party legends. Pension Mountain was on the south side of Berryville, and I was sure some serious drinking had led to the outrageous tales of little people up to all kinds of mischief. You could be sure if you were drunk on Pension Mountain without a sober friend to look out for you, something bad was going to happen. Legend or not, I had never braved the mountain to attend one of the famous keggers held there. Although I did take my boys there for a Boy Scout campout once. There was many a hunting cabin hid at the end of some unlabeled road that looked more like a deer trail, gracing that mountain.
The stories of the pygmies’ hijinks made them sound like a cross between leprechauns and trolls. Missing keys, lost days, missing clothes, and all manner of similar stories came from them thar hills. Even an occasional pregnancy was laid at their door, but I was surprised that he would enjoy such rustic humor. I had him chuckling and completely relaxed in no time. He didn’t seem as threatening now, but I knew he was still a danger to me. The predator lay just beneath the surface waiting for an opportunity to strike.
My voice was getting a little hoarse, so he reluctantly agreed to let me get back to my writing. “I could listen to you tell stories all day. You have a rare talent, and I am sure that is why you are so successful,” he said.
“That’s nice of you to say. I better get back to work.”
I pulled my laptop out to get back to my latest project. It was really going well, maybe I should travel more often. It seemed to release a wave of inspiration combined with creativity, I sent three chapters to my editor and picked up where I had left off. We hit some turbulence and I barely caught my computer as it slid across my tray. A bell sounded as the pilot said we would have a little more before we leveled off. That was scary. Sally woke with a confused look on her face, but I calmed her down, so she went back to sleep.
That’s when I decided that sleep might be my best option too. This time no dreams chased me, and I woke as they were serving another meal, feeling rested. Antonio said, “We are less than an hour from Rome. Have you ever been before?”
I wondered if everyone was going to Rome or if he just assumed, I was. “No, I have never been but this is a trip for work so I doubt that I will see any sights or have time to do anything.”
“If you find you have some time to kill, don’t forget me,” he smiled as he said it pressing a business card into my hand. I guess he thought we were friends now, but I was just glad we were going to different places, and I hoped not to see him again.
The time went quickly, and the pilot said we would land soon. My guide, Roberto, found us now that we were nearly there. “I will take you to your hotel so you can freshen up. Then, we can meet with the editor in charge of your interview, or I can take you to eat if you are hungry.”
“Why don’t you give us half an hour to settle in and then we’ll get business out of the way before we dine,” I said.
“They will be happy to see you,” he said. We landed and everyone exited the plane in an orderly fashion.
We went through the airport with no problems and Roberto seemed to be well known. He led us to a limo, we got in back, and he rode up front with the driver. Sally’s eyes were so big with excitement, I thought they would pop out of her head. We got to the hotel which was a very nice one. Roberto said it catered to celebrities. He checked us in and took us to our rooms. It was an executive style suite with two bedrooms. The word that came to mind was plush.
Both of us showered quickly and changed to something more suitable. Sally wore a business suit- skirt, jacket, and classic style shirt. She looked very nice and business like. I wore a little black dress, very classic and just a little sexy. Just in case they wanted to do the interview and didn’t have any thing ready for me to wear.
The editor that Roberto introduced me to was Gina Capelli. She was very glamorous and seemed to be quite efficient. She said, “We want to do your interview in the morning and prepare you for your shoot after lunch. This will be so exciting. The photographer is the best in the business, and he can’t wait to meet you. They already have a wardrobe for the shoot ready for your approval once he is finished talking to you. You can do that today if you’d like. If all goes well, we may be able to get you done a day early.”
I smiled at her since that was good news. “I would appreciate that, I have a lot going on right now.
“I’ll have Roberto take you to meet Lorenzo, the photographer. He is doing a shoot right now and I’m sure he will take a break to speak to you.”
Roberto appeared like magic. “Please follow me, Lorenzo is waiting.”
We went down the hall, all the way to the end of it where we entered a huge studio with windows from ceiling to floor. A photographer was snapping photos and instructing a group of waif thin models to stand, sit, and move where he wanted them. He saw us, he immediately called for a break, came over, and took my hand to kiss it. 
He said, “I have anxiously awaited your arrival and I am so pleased to meet you.”
I was surprised at his enthusiasm. “It’s lovely to meet you, too. You do know that I am just a writer and not a model or movie star, don’t you?”
“I am an artist, and you can be whatever I want you to be. I have seen pictures of you and the camera, it loves you,” he said.
“What pictures? I have never had a photo shoot before.”
He said vaguely, “They must have been from interviews. I will make sure you look perfect. Leave it to me.”
“If you say so. Can I see the wardrobe, now?”
He sent his assistant with me, and she led me to a room. There was a beautiful evening gown that I would wear first. It was a little sexier than I would have liked, but it wasn’t worth fighting about. The choices went down hill after that. It was more like lingerie than clothing. “I can’t wear that for a photo shoot. That’s not decent!” I looked at all of it and the first one was the only one that didn’t show twice as much as it covered. She led me back to Lorenzo and he asked, “You are concerned about what you will wear? I didn’t think American women were so… what is the word? Prudish?”
“I’m not a prude, I’m just conservative and I would die of embarrassment trying to have my picture taken in some of those outfits.”
“You will be beautiful. Some of the pictures will be at night, you will be the mistress of the full moon. You will rule the creatures of the night. We will have wolves and vampires in the pictures. It is like a movie, and you will play a part. You are an entertainer, you can do this. Do this for me. The pictures will be good, you will not recognize yourself. Just try this and if you don’t like the pictures, we will cut them. This is fair, no?” he asked. He was speaking quickly, persuasively with an Italian accent and I wasn’t sure what to say.
Sally said, “You should do it. I wish I could.”
Lorenzo said, “Yes, you can be in it, too. You can be her innocent handmaiden. I will have a selection ready for you also.”
Now Sally was all excited. She turned to me. “Please, Ariel. This is so great. I’ll never get a chance to do something like this again.”
Who would have thought Sally would be so adventurous. I reluctantly said, “I’ll give it a try, but I get last approval on the pictures, right?”
Lorenzo nodded making me hope I wouldn’t regret this. I could well imagine it biting me in the butt later since I knew how angry Blake would be if they weren’t tastefully done. Maybe if I didn’t look like myself, I wouldn’t be so embarrassed or feel so exposed and I had to admit a string bikini would show more, but I wouldn’t be caught dead in one of those either.
Roberto took us to a fancy Italian restaurant, and we shared a lovely meal. Then we went to the hotel to rest because he said we would have an early morning. Sally and I turned in after we arrived.
We were up at dawn, and we met Roberto downstairs for breakfast. We ate and headed to the studio. I needed to be there by seven thirty for makeup and wardrobe and I’ll admit when they were done, the look was sophisticated, sexy, and my family wouldn’t recognize me without a hint or two.
Gina did the interview and she stuck to my writing career and paranormal questions. We got along well and had a friendly and fun exchange. We talked about my werewolf series and the new vampire series I was writing. She set up interest in the photo shoot by saying she heard I could control the creatures of the night. I told her I had sweet blood and they craved a taste. We finished early and she seemed quite happy with the results. Even though it was for a magazine, they had filmed it also. Since it was too early for lunch, she sent us to Lorenzo.

(Lorenzo)

I felt like the luckiest photographer in the world. She came from her interview with makeup on. I couldn’t wait to see what she looked like in wardrobe, but I knew I should feel guilty. Not so much for pushing her past her normal limits with the wardrobe, but for being involved in this conspiracy to do something to her. I didn’t know what they planned, but they said promising her right of final approval on the photos wouldn’t matter, because she wouldn’t be available to do it.
I thought this shoot would cement my career. She was a very popular writer in Italy and her fans were loyal, some were downright fanatic. The female was sexy, though she didn’t seem to know it, but she had an almost innocent outlook. Ariel didn’t have the cynicism most models and stars seemed to have. She was open, honest, and friendly. The female was also easy to direct, and it was easy to get her to smile and even to laugh. We did some basic shots, but tonight would be the main shoot. It would be outside of Rome at the ruins of an old estate. Not really a castle, but at night, you might get that impression. It was not commonly visited, because few people knew of it. It was owned by Gina’s family, and she had happily agreed to use it, it saved the magazine a location fee. Gina was all about the magazine.
Antonio had given me the directions and he wanted her to leave tomorrow. Antonio’s group was generous. They told me that if asked, I should say that a photo shoot with the famous author would be a great thing for the magazine. I should also see that she finished early so no one would expect her back yet and I had done as I was told. It was easy, this would be an incredible shoot. It would be sensually appealing and totally seductive. I was already well known, but this rare opportunity would make me famous. It was almost too easy. The only thing I couldn’t talk her into was the bathtub photos. Too bad, that would have been over the top.
Finishing up at the studio, telling her and her friend to rest up at the hotel, I planned to send a car for them at six. They left and I went to check out the pictures I had taken. When I was done, I was feeling really good. I sent copies to Gina, and it was almost time to go when I went to my office to change for supper. Calling the car service, they were on their way in no time, and I went out to the parking lot where I climbed into my Ferrari. The money Antonio paid me had allowed me to buy it. His group had ensured my business success. All they asked for was a few favors and they paid well for those too. This was the first time I ever doubted them. It didn’t matter, I was in too deep. They were dangerous people to work with, but even more dangerous to let down or betray.
Antonio had given me my instructions, personally. Very unusual, he never did that, but I had watched his face as he had directed me and told me who he wanted to set up. There, I had seen a hunger that might never be assuaged. Maybe he just wanted to keep her a little while. Maybe it was just a personal desire. They said she wouldn’t be harmed, and I had no choice but to believe them.
I met them at my favorite local place. It was owned by a very rich and influential family. They would come over and be introduced. They would act surprised when they found out who she was. A picture would be taken, and publicity gotten. I always ate here when I took out celebrities. My meals were always free because I knew how to work the system. The entertainment business was a tough business. You clawed your way to the top, or you were trampled on the bottom. I chose to survive.
They arrived just after me and I escorted them inside. I felt very manly with two lovely ladies with me, one on each arm. Every man in the room turned to look and I saw one man get smacked by his wife or girlfriend. I guess she didn’t like his roving eye. The maître d’ headed toward us, only to be cut off by the owner himself. Dominic D’Anjoulle headed to us with purpose. He took Ariel’s hand kissing it.
“You are even more beautiful than your pictures,” he said. “Let me escort you to your table.” He took her arm and pulled her away from me leaving Sally and I to follow or stand there watching them walk away. Dom was usually not so forward or easily taken. I wondered what was so special about Ariel that seemed to have all these rich, powerful men panting after her, I would watch and learn. Maybe before this was all over, I would uncover all the secrets.
Dom was helping Ariel into her seat and leaning in very close. He was making her nervous and she was fidgeting, and he hadn’t even acknowledged Sally or me which was not like him. The man seemed a little obsessed with her, just like Antonio was. He even invited himself to sit at our table, or rather he gave the impression that I had invited him to as he helped her with her selections and even had extra foods brought for her to try. Dom was so attentive, it bordered on suffocating, and she was growing more nervous by the minute. The guy kept staring at her neck, so I looked closer, and I saw a small scar. What was the significance of that? He looked like a panther, elegant, dangerous, and ready to spring on his prey at a moment’s notice. What the hell was I missing? I knew it was important even essential information, and it looked like everyone important had it. Everyone but me.
We were through and ready to leave. Dom escorted her out to the car then he stood there holding her hand like he didn’t want to let her go. He was tall, broad shouldered and ruggedly handsome. The two of them would make an attractive couple. She had those emerald-green eyes that changed color paired with hair the color of dark cinnamon. He had gold eyes that right now glowed with sexual interest and wavy hair the color of burnished gold. I smiled as I had a flash of being in the middle of the two of them, being the center of their attention, but I didn’t consider myself a sexual deviant. I just loved beauty in whatever form it chose. Women or men, it didn’t matter to me. My fantasy expanded and took on a life of its own and I was totally lost in it until I heard a loud voice breaking in, making me lose my pleasant thoughts. It was Dom. “Lorenzo, don’t forget to bring her back before she leaves.”
“If I can, Dom.” He gave me a look that told me to do whatever I needed to, but I knew he wouldn’t see her this trip, maybe not ever. As far as I knew, Antonio might have some king of the underworld fantasy going on. Maybe he planned to sell her, rent her out, or use her to pleasure him until he grew tired of her. A twinge of guilt hit me, and I shrugged it off. I couldn’t save her now. No one could.
We loaded in the car, and I sat between her and Sally. Another fantasy to keep my mind off where it wanted to go. After the shoot, I would call in a want to be model and get my needs seen to. There was always someone willing to take care of that in exchange for publicity or a part in a shoot. It was quiet in the car all the way to our destination, and it seemed that everyone had something to think about.
We arrived at location just before sunset. That was good because I wanted some pictures during sunset. The colors would be a spectacular backdrop for the start of the shoot. I planned for her to rise out of a crypt we had set up. She would be lying on her back and slowly rise straight to her feet. We had all the gear set up and time enough for a few tries to get it perfect. I sent both of them for wardrobe and makeup. It wouldn’t take long because my people knew just what to do and she wasn’t the difficult type.
She would do it quickly and professionally if I could read people at all. Her assistant was so eager to please it would be easy. They were back in twenty minutes ,and we did two takes even though the first one was perfect. The red gown was incredibly sexy and was trimmed in black lace. The top portion had ruffled pushup cups and was the only part that wasn’t sheer gauze. The G-string with it covered adequately, but one of the cast had said he hoped she was waxed regularly or it could be a problem. She must because it looked great. She was barefoot and without stockings for this shot, but she would be changing outfits several times.
We had lighting set up in various places, including a couple floodlights. Fans were set up to cause a sudden wind. We had a wolf that had been colored black and a sexy man to play his human counterpart. There would also be a sexy man/vampire. I planned to have them fight for her love. By the time we were through, these pictures would spark many sexual fantasies.
Next, I had her in a pleated mesh teddy. It had a garter, and I had her wear fishnet stockings and stiletto heels. She started to protest. “My goodness, I’m nearly naked!”
I tossed her a sheer gauze robe. “It’s not as revealing as you think. Hurry and you can go home earlier.”
It was as bad as she thought, maybe worse, I smiled. This was the scene with the vampire. That man was a total hunk. He oozed sexuality and he had wavy shoulder length jet black hair and brooding dark eyes. They were nearly black and got darker when he saw her. It would surprise me if he didn’t start walking funny. He had the sharp pointed teeth and the dramatic make up that screamed sexy, irresistible vampire. When he walked up to her, he took her in his arms, and tipped her back for the bite we planned to film. We stopped so someone could go over and put two red dots where the bite would be, and we did a close up as he moved his mouth. It was beautiful. Then he pulled her in and kissed her, but she started to struggle. The model stopped and looked at me. I nodded and we moved on. We had him get on one knee so he could hold her hand. He was swearing his undying love, but she sent him away.
Now we went to the next scene. She wore a deep purple lace chemise with garter straps. The top held everything pushed up tightly, but it separated and plunged low in the middle. Below the cups, it was all black fishnet. The stockings were sheer off black and it had a matching G-string. I didn’t think she realized that they were taking pictures from the back as well or she would be giving me some trouble. A nice handful of butt cheek was clearly visible in almost everything she wore. This time she was playing with the black wolf. It was odd she wasn’t worried about getting bit. Any time I used animals on a shoot, the models always asked if it was safe. The wolf liked her, and they played together easily. When she bent over to pet him, he rubbed against her like a pet dog. I was sure she didn’t know she was giving them an even more revealing view. It was amazing to me how liberating it could be to think that you could reject pictures that you deemed too sexy. She had only refused to wear one outfit. It was the suspender teddy and would have looked incredible on her. That was too bad.
Next the wolf became a man. This man was another sex god. He had light blond hair and dark blue eyes. He was built like you might imagine Thor, the Viking god, would be. All of the women and some of the men on set, drooled when he walked by. Ariel looked like she was going to run. I caught the guard’s eye and indicated he needed to keep an eye on her. She must have a partner to be so nervous around attractive men. A jealous partner, I would guess. Too bad, but if they broke up, she would have no trouble replacing him once this shoot came out. She would have more trouble getting away from men than finding a new one.
Sally wasn’t having any second thoughts or doubts. Her outfits were a little less revealing and her colors not so flashy. She wasn’t in the scenes the men were in because there was no need to be. She was attractive too and it surprised me that she didn’t talk to either of the sexy guys. Maybe she was shy, or maybe she was in awe of Ariel and didn’t want to compete with her. Either way we were almost done and even though I hadn’t checked the pictures, I had a good feeling about the shoot. I didn’t think we would have to do many touchups and little adjusting.
I looked up just in time to see wolf man giving her a hug and trying to kiss her. The vampire came in and they had a staged fight. While they were fighting, she just disappeared. Not the ending I had planned, but it worked. She refused to decide, so she left them both behind. That’s a wrap and we are done. It was late now, nearly midnight. I would take them to breakfast, and I would tell her to sleep till noon and they could catch their plane home in the afternoon. She would be happy until she found out she wasn’t going home. I made a quick call to Antonio so he could set up his plan.
Ariel was angry with me. “I told you I wasn’t a model, or a star and I don’t like modeling lingerie or kissing strangers.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think it was a big deal,” I said, even though I wasn’t sorry at all. “I’ll send you the photos in a week or so and you can pick the ones you like.”
She looked happier now, she agreed to go to breakfast, and she was friendlier. I suppose Ariel wasn’t the type to hold a grudge and she decided to forgive me. It made me feel bad because I liked her. We ate and I took them to their hotel. I would probably never see them again.

(Ariel)

I was still a little stressed out about the photo shoot, so I sent Sally to bed, but I stayed up to work on my book. Writing could excite me or calm me down. It was strange the effect it had on me. When I was stressed like I was now, it would calm me down. Eventually, I would be relaxed enough to sleep. I wasn’t sure there were any pictures taken at that second location, that I would want anyone to see even though I knew by most people’s standards they were just sexy and exciting. But I lived in the Bible belt, and I had a jealous husband. My boys were conservative, and our friends and neighbors were a mixed group that included some deeply religious people that would disapprove heartily. If recognized, next time I made an appearance at church, they would probably lay hands on me and asked God to free me from the demon that had possessed me. They were good, honest, hardworking people with solid beliefs and a desire to help others live a Godlier lifestyle. They would be shocked and saddened to know this was a part of my life. None of them had a clue nor did I want them to.
I would say that one good point of this trip was I had met some people that would enrich my books with characters that were attractive and unique. It would help me write quicker to have physical descriptions and character traits on hand through recent contact. Dom would make a good major character. I wasn’t completely certain if he was good, bad, or in between, but I guess I would make him what I needed him to be. I worked steadily and knocked out a couple more chapters and sent them off to my editor. This book would have twenty chapters. I was now starting chapter eight so I decided to stop and see if I could woo the sandman.
Sally came in and woke me about ten. We went to the hotel’s restaurant and had lunch. They automatically put it on the magazine’s bill. It was a nice time, and we lingered a little over the coffee. We went back to our room and Sally packed while I finished another chapter. Roberto called at one and he was waiting out front in a car. We left the key in the room and a bellboy was outside waiting when we opened the door. I was about to get into the car and Sally was already in it. A man came and told me someone needed to talk to me before I left, and they were waiting in the limo.
I assumed it was someone from the magazine, so I went over to it. The man opened the door, but when I started to get in, I saw Antonio sitting in the back seat and I started to pull back, but the man standing behind me pushed me in and Antonio grabbed me pulling me to him. I tried to get away as I felt the car take off. This man had to be crazy. He had just abducted me in broad daylight, in front of witnesses. I looked out the back window and saw Sally standing in the middle of the road. She was staring helplessly as we turned the corner, and I couldn’t see her anymore.
Chapter 11

Where is Ariel




(Ariel)

I stopped struggling and Antonio relaxed his hold on me. I would have to use my brain to get out of this mess. I said, “May I sit on the seat, instead of on you?”
He smiled, I knew he felt in control. “I like you on my lap, but since you asked so nicely, I will let you.”
Antonio released his grip on me, so I slid to the seat and tried to move away from him. His arm shot out and he pulled me closer. “You may sit on the seat, but you will sit near me.”
I stayed where he wanted me to. He was dangerous and I had always known that. “What is it that you want?”
He looked at me, slowly moved his eyes down, lingering in certain places, and then he returned slowly to look back in my eyes. “I want you.”
“You didn’t strike me as the type of man who would be this desperate for a date.”
He was angry so he pulled me to him to give me a hard, demanding kiss. I struggled and tried to injure him in any way that I could, and I made it difficult for him, but he was stronger, and he ended up on top of me in the seat where he held my hands over my head. I could barely move and when I tried to squirm, I was instantly reminded that he had said he wanted me, and I could feel the truth of his words.
“Behave and don’t use that sharp tongue on me anymore, or I’ll show you how much I want you, right now!”
I gave it some thought deciding I needed information more than anything, so I nodded. He released me and he sat up, though he seemed reluctant to do it. “I’ll be honest with you so you can assess your situation to make the best possible decision.” I nodded again, so he continued. “I am one of the Brave Brotherhood of Wolves. I can see you recognize the name. You call us the Forgotten Ones, but we are neither gone nor forgotten. We have waited for a white wolf to return so we could claim her for our own.”
“Why would you believe that I would join your cause? I know what you represent, you are just a bunch of wicked bullies.”
“You will join us, because you will be mated to one of us.”
“I am already mated, and I want no other.”
He said, “I am aware that you think you love him. But he will turn to Cindy when you don’t return, and he will forget you quickly enough.”
“Our bond is stronger than you think. He has forgotten Cindy and is glad he didn’t join with her.” I didn’t believe it was true, but I wanted Antonio to think so.
“It won’t matter either way, you will never return, and he will forget you in time. The connection will be broken, and you will be mine forever,” he said.
“I will have no choice?”
“You will have a choice, but I will explain to you why I will be the best choice of those available,” he said.
“Right now, I can’t imagine a worse choice.”
“You will have three choices: Victor, Dominic, and I. Victor is cold and cruel. Dominic is not as strong as I am, nor does he have the power or influence I do.”
I asked, “I can see why I might not want Victor, but why would I not prefer Dominic to you. Why would I need someone stronger or more influential in a group that I care nothing for and need nothing from?”
He smiled coldly. “What about the little one. Will you not want to protect him and keep him with you?”
“What little one? What are you talking about?”
He said, “I am surprised you do not realize his pup grows in your belly, now I see you are thinking about that.”
Is it possible? Well, it was possible, but surely not likely. “How would you know?”
“I can smell it. Were you not aware of it?”
“I’m still not sure I believe you. Even if it is true, I’m sure Dominic will say he has as much or more influence as you.”
“You’ve met him. Would you believe him?” he asked.
“Dominic from the restaurant?” I asked. These dangerous people were everywhere.
“Yes, that would be him.”
“He didn’t seem as dangerous as you do.”
“He’s not and that’s why he can’t help you. They will take the child away from you and someone else will raise him and I know you couldn’t deal with that.”
I said, “Is that your whole argument?”
“No, I’ll admit that I only want to join with you because you’re a white wolf. I want my children to have your blood. I would never mate with a human unless they were special. That doesn’t mean I wouldn’t enjoy you for a time and I admire you, I even like you, and I want you, but because you are a white wolf, I want to mix our blood. Therefore, I will protect you and your pup, I am the only choice if you wish to keep him with you.”
“I need time to think, and I am sure they will want me to meet the others. Where are you taking me?”
He said, “Someplace safe and out of the way. I will be staying with you for a while. At least you won’t be alone.”
That made me wonder if I would be better off alone. I had no clue where I was nor was I sure how long we drove before we finally stopped. Once we got out, I could tell we were in the country, because I saw a forest stretching out behind the large Italian style villa in front of us. The forest looked eerily like the one in my dream. He took my arm to escort me to the door. There seemed to be armed guards everywhere. We entered and a servant met us. He led us down a hall to a large suite. Antonio closed the door, and I couldn’t hear a sound besides those we made. Was the room soundproof? It seemed that it was, and I had a soundproof recording studio in town that I used for my audio books, rented out to local bands, and such the rest of the time, so I recognized the lack of background noise. Damn, that would make it harder to know what was going on outside my room and I just wanted to find a way to escape and go home.
Antonio said, “I will be in here with you. There’s clothing here for you and the usual necessities. Do you need anything else?”
“You will think this odd, but I would like a computer and a jump drive so I can finish the book I’m working on.”
He smiled. “You are too organized and in control to stop your work which makes you want to finish what you have started. I can understand that, and I will have someone see to it.”
The wolf left me for now and I was glad for some time alone. This felt like a bad dream, and I just waited to wake up and be free of it, but that didn’t happen. I looked around the room which reminded me of a luxury hotel suite. It was similar to the place I just left. Two bedrooms, a bathroom, kitchenette, and a small living room. Both bedrooms were nice, one had a king and one had two doubles. It looked like a guest suite, but why would you soundproof the place you put your guests? Maybe they had guests here against their will often. There was no windows, one door, and no large vents or any other kind of room access.
I looked for something I could use as a weapon. The clothing in the closet was my size. A belt, it wouldn’t help because it was too flimsy. Those heels might do some damage. Though they were too big too hide. I suppose I could always use the coffee cups. They looked pretty solid, especially that extra large one that said Fill Er Up Cause I’ve Been Up All Night. It looked out of place here in such a sophisticated setting. No silverware, I guess that was brought in and removed daily. The dishes were delicate fine china. The kind that would make you wince if you broke. It was too delicate to hurt the big goons they had around here. These guys looked like wrestlers, they were scary, and I knew I couldn’t outfight them, but if given an opportunity, I thought I might outrun them. Antonio, on the other hand, was long and lean. A little more muscled than the usual runner, but I was sure he ran often. It seemed all I had to do was think of him and there he was.
“Do you like your room, Ariel?” he asked.
“No, I don’t, because I prefer a nice view and a more rustic environment if I stay somewhere for very long.”
“Well, you will be here for a while. Don’t worry, though, you won’t be alone most of the time.”
“That, was the least of my worries.” I made a face at him, and he had the nerve to laugh!
“Have I told you that I find you surprisingly adorable at times?”
The look I sent him said go to hell. He moved quickly and took me in his arms. I struggled a moment and then just gave up. What was the point? I was stuck here with him and as long as he stayed within limits, I would save my strength for any chance to escape. He spoke to me in Italian, and I knew almost nothing that he was saying, but his tone and the look on his face told me the meaning of his words. I could almost feel sorry for him. He wanted something that would never be his. That was clear even though I couldn’t understand why he wanted me so badly. I guess a white wolf was considered a great thing indeed.
My heart belonged to Blake, whether his would ever be mine or not. I thought of that old country song that says, “I’m so lonesome I could cry”. Only I wasn’t just lonesome but terribly homesick. If I escaped this gilded cage, I would be even more resistant to ever leaving home again and I would never, never go without my agent again. Charlie would have known something was wrong. When she was with me, everyone spoke to me, through her.
It made me wonder what Blake was thinking right now. He couldn’t sense me so would he think the worst? Matt and Danny would want to come here. That would be a huge mistake since white wolf blood seemed to be so popular. I could only hope the council would take steps to protect them from the now obvious threat. Antonio still held me, and he seemed to be waiting for a reply. “Why the three of you? Why not the leader, isn’t that the way it usually works?”
“You mean why did our leaders select us for you to choose between?” I nodded, so he continued. “We were selected because of our appeal to the opposite sex.”
I couldn’t help it, I rolled my eyes and laughed. “You’re supposed to seduce me?” I laughed more, but it was a mistake. He looked very angry, and he pulled me hard against him giving me a kiss that bruised my lips.
He regained control of himself. “I didn’t select myself, the ladies of our group gave them a short list which our council voted on.”
“Don’t they know that every woman looks for something different in a man?”
“Everyone knows that all women don’t want the same things, but they used Blake as a guide because you fell for him so hard, that you agreed to become a wolf for him.” I think he saw something in my face that surprised him. “You did agree to be bitten, didn’t you?”
I tried to turn from him to avoid answering. He held my face in his hands. “Answer me.”
No one needed to know Blake hadn’t asked, so I lied. “Yes, of course I did.”
He ignored what I said. “He lost control and bit you, but he is known for his control, Blake lost it with you. I wonder.”
“What do you wonder?”
“Never mind. I wanted to ask you if you saw the same thing when you saw Dom that you saw in me the first time?” he asked.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Don’t lie to me. That’s the second time you have. Do it again and I will punish you.”
I asked, “What do you mean, punish me?”
“I will let your imagination answer that. Now tell me the truth.”
“No, he isn’t like you,” I said.
“You are right. What do you see when you look at me?”
“Evil, but not the worst evil. There are stronger ones in your group.”
“You only see it as evil because you don’t understand it. It is power and strength that you see. It was an ability that your ancestor had. She was also persuasive drawing others to her. You seem to have inherited both of those abilities. No one truly knows what all her powers were. It will be interesting to discover yours.”
“Why does Dom not have it?”
“He is not yet one of us, but his father is our leader. Still, he resists joining. You will save him from us when you reject him. If you choose him, he will be forced to join.” He smiled like my mind was already made up.
I suppose it didn’t matter how I ended up here because I just needed to figure out a way to get gone and I felt bad for Sally. Surely, no one would blame her.

(Blake)

I missed her and I couldn’t concentrate on anything, and no one wanted to be around me. They said I was irritable and hard to get along with. When I looked around to see that everyone was gone. Finding a plate with my name on it in the refrigerator, I realized things were really bad. They had all gone out without telling me about it. Hell, I wouldn’t invite me either after yesterday. We went out for pizza, and I ruined everyone’s evening with my bad attitude.
Matt told me he would find something for me to tear up tomorrow. I wish I had something right now. I finished eating. It could have been cardboard, and I wouldn’t have known. I went to the office to check my emails. Yes, she had sent me one. Coming home early. She didn’t believe in giving too much information, did she? I was pleased she was coming home, but a little annoyed that she hadn’t said more. I decided to go to bed early, even though I doubted I would sleep much.
Breakfast was a flurry of activity with every seat taken. All the crews were busy and some of our people, not usually on a crew, were helping out with the demolition and clean up of a new house Ariel had bought before leaving. Matt wanted to use the extra people as a fourth crew to get a jump start on things and impress his mom. I just wanted to rip something apart. This was the third day, I wasn’t sure exactly when she would be back, but I hoped soon.
We drove out to the site and Matt went with us leaving Ryan in charge of his usual crew. Taking my SUV, all the seats were full giving us a group of eight. The house was north of us on a small ten-acre farm. It would be perfect for a family. Matt told me it was a five-bedroom farmhouse in desperate need of some love. It only had one bathroom which was upstairs, so one of the two downstairs bedrooms would become a second bath. There were some out buildings and one would be converted to a guest house. It seemed Ariel already had it planned down to the slightest detail. We would be tearing out everything and the kitchen and bath would be taken out down to the studs. This would be a complete redo. The floors and walls in the rest of the house were solid. The wood floors would be refinished, even though they looked rough, because Matt said they would look new after his guys were through with them.
It was exciting to take something that looked like it needed to be torn down and turn it into a beautiful home. I was beginning to appreciate the satisfaction Ariel got out of what she called her hobby. At first, I didn’t see much clean up needed until Matt took me to the back porch. I’ve never seen a mess like that before. He took me to the basement, and it was worse. We went up to the attic and it wasn’t messy, just packed to the ceiling with boxes and what looked to me like junk. I would throw it all away and I told Matt that.
Matt said, “You have to sort it carefully. I see at least two pieces of furniture that are valuable antiques. There are also very old boxes that are labeled pictures. If they are really old and local, the local historic society will be happy to get them. I bet we will find some old quilts in here too. We’ve found more things in these houses we’ve been buying lately, than we have ever found before.”
He went to open a window on the side by the driveway and called me over. The dumpster was directly below. Matt called to someone, and they raised some cardboard toward us. They had made a cardboard chute. That would save a lot of time. Matt said, “Save the heavy items for last. The chute won’t handle them.”
He knew what he was doing, and he told me he would give everyone instructions then be back to help me. Matt said, “Don’t throw anything away until I come back. Just sort stuff.”
I went through several boxes with all manner of things in them. Matt returned and started to show me what to keep and what to dump. The dump pile was huge in no time, so I started taking things to the window to toss down the chute. It was relaxing and almost like a game to toss things down watching to see if they made it in. I was doing well and almost everything made it. Even though the dumpster was huge, I wondered if it would be enough as I saw they were piling some things in the edge of the yard. I ask Matt and he told me they would burn those to avoid the need for another dumpster. They were also loading anything metal on a wagon. Matt said metal was paying well at the recycling center and a friend of theirs made his living that way. They would load his trailer so he could haul it off. That was something they didn’t have to mess with, and he made some money. Everyone was happy.
“Couldn’t you make money from it?” I asked him.
“We worked for him when we were kids. Mom never forgets a friend.”
It seemed Ariel had many good qualities. No wonder everyone seemed to like her. We worked hard and time went by quickly finishing the attic by lunch time. We had a cooler of drinks and an insulated bag of sub sandwiches, we also had chips, dips, cookies, and some assorted treats. It was a feast, and everyone seemed to enjoy it. Taking a half hour for lunch, then Matt and I went to the basement. We worked on it and Matt said we’d call it a day when we finished, whether that was late or early. It was late, I was filthy, wanted nothing more than to take a shower, and crawl into bed.
We hit home and everyone made a run for the showers. I went to my room and scrubbed myself clean and thought of Ariel like I always did when I took a shower. When I finished, dried off, put something on, I checked my messages. Sally had called around seven while I was in the shower. I listened to it, and she was hysterical, but I couldn’t understand her, so I listened again, and I felt like a cold hand was squeezing my heart. Now I felt for Ariel, but I sensed nothing, so I listened to the message again. This time I was sure of what she said. Ariel had been taken by person or persons unknown.
Matt came running in. “Did you hear?”
Looking at him like I didn’t understand him made him repeat it. “Yes, I just listened to Sally’s message. I will make some calls and we’ll see what I can find out. You call Charlie but don’t alarm her. We don’t know what they might do to her if someone comes around asking questions.”
He nodded and left to make the call while I called Drake. It seemed he already knew and was working with the world council to find out more. “Drake, I am going to fly to Italy.”
“I knew you would want to go, and your flight is in the morning. You will stay at the hotel Ariel was at until someone contacts you there.”
Giving it some thought, I knew it would be hard to find an earlier flight, so I needed to try to get some rest. Maybe a few drinks would help me sleep. I was physically tired, but emotionally bereft and I felt a tidal wave of pain and loss that threatened to overwhelm me. My feelings were that I wasn’t sure if I could go on if I couldn’t get her back. I didn’t care if she didn’t love me, maybe it would come in time. All I knew was that I couldn’t imagine my life without her, and she had come to mean everything to me even in such a short amount of time. If, at some point, she decided to leave me because she found someone she could love, I would deal with that. Right now, she was gone, but it wasn’t by choice. She had accepted our relationship as it was and for now, she seemed satisfied with it. I would not let anyone take her from me against her will, so I had to find her and bring her back. Once I did, she would never go anywhere without me again.

(Ariel)

It was time to prepare for bed, so I took a shower and wore one of the silky nightgowns they had provided. This was one of the few I found acceptable. It was sexy, but not overly seductive and it didn’t matter because my door would be closed so no one would see it. I wished that I could lock the door, but not even the bathrooms had door locks. When I went to bed, I was so exhausted, I slept right away. I woke in the middle of the night with an arm around me and an obviously male body pressed tightly against me. As I turned slightly, I could see it was Antonio. From the feel of things, he slept in the nude as Blake did. While I tried to slide to my side of the bed, he just moved with me.
“It will do you no good. I will sleep with you, deal with it. I will do nothing more unless you want me to. That is, unless you fight me,” he said.
“I don’t think I can sleep like this.”
“You’ve slept this way for hours. Just go back to sleep unless you want something more from me.”
I turned away from him, trying to sleep. It seemed I had no choice, but I was only too aware of his body pressed tightly up against mine.
When I woke in the morning, he was gone. I dressed and went out to see about breakfast, but I was surprised that Dom was there. I think he had been waiting for me. “Good morning, Ariel. I hope you’re hungry because I am going to fix you breakfast.”
“Good morning, Dom. That sounds great. What are you fixing for me?”
“I know you are from the south, so I thought steak and eggs.”
“I thought you were going to say biscuits and gravy with a side of grits. But I love steak and eggs for breakfast,” I said.
“I don’t know how to fix southern style gravy. Maybe you can teach me sometime. You do cook, don’t you?”
“Oh, yes. I can even make the biscuits if I have a recipe. It’s so much easier to just buy them, that I usually do that.”
He asked me how I wanted my steak and eggs, so I told him and watched him fix us breakfast. I felt more comfortable with Dom than Antonio and I thought we could have been friends under different circumstances.
We talked for a while, then we sat down to watch a show on TV. He put his arm around my shoulders, and I relaxed against him as we sat in companionable silence. I needed a little time with someone who I could be friendly with that didn’t seem to expect anything. It also helped that he was not really one of them. He was a victim, just as I was, and I had no doubt that his controlling father used any means necessary to bring him to heel so the fact that he resisted joining their ranks impressed me.
Dom shifted on the couch. “I need to go now, Ariel.” I stood with him and walked him to the door. He gave me a hug and started to say something just as Antonio came through the door appearing to be angry and jealous. Dom pulled me closer as if he wanted to protect me. This seemed to anger Antonio even more. There was a lot of animosity between them. It was more than the current situation warranted and I tried to pull loose from Dom’s grasp, but he just held me tighter.
Antonio said, “Did I interrupt something?”
Dom said, “Yes.”
At the same time that I said, “No.”
The tension seemed to leave Antonio and he smirked. “It seems she was not as impressed as you were.”
Dom dropped his arms from around me and angrily pushed out the door, ignoring me as I called after him.
I turned to give Antonio an accusing look. “Why were you so mean to him?”
“He needs to know he has no chance with you.”
“Perhaps you need to know that as well.”
He said, “Wait until you meet Victor. Then, you will appreciate me.”
“When will that be?”
“Soon. No later than tomorrow.”
“If they want to give all three of you an equal chance to impress me, why are you here so much?”
“I told you I have more power and influence than the others.”
“Why would a man who is cold and cruel, in an organization that terrorizes people, not have the most power and influence?”
“I do it because I must. He does it because he enjoys it. Even in an organization like ours, most of us have limits to what we are willing to do, he has none.”
I thought about that a while, and I wondered if I would sense the cruel nature in a person like that. Somehow, I knew that Antonio believed what he said was true and I did not look forward to meeting that man. It was lunch time when food was brought in. We ate in silence because I had little to say, and he grew tired of carrying the conversation. We finished and someone came in to remove the dishes. I tried to keep a knife by dropping it on the floor, but they counted the silverware and started looking for it. I feigned disinterest and it was finally found.
Antonio smiled. “I expected you to try to get a weapon and I knew you were trying to hide it.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“You might as well accept that you will soon be mine.” He pulled me into his arms, and I thought it would be a wasted effort to fight him. He gave me a soft and gentle kiss.
“Am I interrupting something?” a cold, hard voice asked.
I looked into ice cold blue eyes, and I couldn’t help but shiver. Antonio pulled me closer as if he could protect me from the evil I could see before me. He was right that Victor was pure evil. This man held no value for the lives of others and scenes of horrific cruelty flashed through my mind and I knew he had done all of it and more. His blue eyes had an unnatural red glow now. Proof of his power with the darkness of the forgotten ones. It tempted me to run, but I refused to show weakness in front of this man. “Victor, I presume?” I looked back at him with a frosty and disparaging look.
To my complete and utter amazement, he smiled. It was still not with the warmth a normal person might have, but it was obviously genuine, and Antonio seemed shocked by it as well. He stepped closer to me, and Antonio tried to pull me away with him, but I stubbornly insisted on facing this cold man. He stepped up to me as I looked him straight in the eyes in a challenging way. He moved his hand to my chin, holding it firmly as if I would pull away from him if given a chance.
Victor said, “Finally, someone with a little courage. You will be fun to break to my will.” He chuckled making my blood run cold.
I slapped his hand moving it off my chin but continued to look in his eyes. It was so hard not to blink. “You will not have that pleasure!”
I saw a sliver of doubt pass over his face but in an instant, it was gone. He grabbed me pulling me closer and whispered in my ear, “One way or the other, I will have that pleasure.” He laughed and then he turned to walk out the door. I looked around and saw Antonio had left at some point, but I was sure he had been gone before Victor had given me his promise. That’s what it had been, a promise for the future.
My escape was now more urgent then ever. One of the guards came in with Antonio. He smiled at me, and I noticed he had a package in his hands. “I’m glad to see that Victor has left.” He nodded to the guard who turned and left. “I have something for you I think you’ll be happy to see.”
“What is it?” I was dying to know. The package was about the size of the box cowboy boots came in. He pulled it out of the sack and then opened the box. It was a laptop, and it had a pack of three jump drives with it. Just what I had ask for. At least I would have something to do.
“Aren’t you going to thank me?”
“Thank you, Antonio.”
He asked, “No kiss?”
I stepped up to him giving him a quick hug. Then I grabbed the box and went to the bedroom to set up the laptop on the vanity. I sat down to start, and I lost myself in my work. It was supper time before I stopped so I fixed myself a sandwich and went back to work.

(Blake)

I was in Italy at the hotel Ariel had been staying at and I sent Sally home, there was no need for her to stay here. The world council was looking for Ariel, but they had no luck at all. Although I couldn’t sense her, I believed deep down that she was still alive. Though I couldn’t say why, I just knew it was so. My third day of no news and no progress was making me frustrated. As I sat at the hotel bar waiting for the world council to update me, I took a drink of whiskey and the burn as it went down made me feel better. Some pain would help focus me so my mind would stop replaying all the things I should have done to prevent this from happening. It was odd that they wanted her to come alone, but then they agreed to an assistant. I thought maybe they just wanted no distractions. What did I know about the world of magazines and books, anyway?
Someone was standing in front of me, so I looked up. Damn, it was Antonio. Of all the wolves in Italy, why did they send him to update me?
“Hello, Blake. I am sorry we are meeting again under such sad circumstances.”
I nodded. “What have they found out?”
“Nothing. No one saw anything. They seem to have just disappeared without a trace.”
It made me angry. How worthless can they be? I thought they were supposed to be good. “How is that possible?”
Antonio said, “Maybe it’s a crazy fan. It was unexpected and the plates Sally saw, turned out to be fictitious.”
“Why would a fan kidnap her?”
“We wondered the same thing, so we checked with some contacts at the magazine, and we managed to get some copies of the pictures from the photo shoot.”
I noticed for the first time that he had an envelope with him. He pulled out some of the pictures handing them to me and as I looked at them, I was hit with conflicting emotions. The pictures were sexy, and I was angry that she allowed them to be taken, but they also reminded me of Valentines and that made my heart beat quicker. I noticed Antonio was looking at them with interest, so I put them on the table face down.
“It is possible someone saw these pictures and became obsessed,” Antonio said.
“This was well planned and expertly executed. I don’t think it was a crazed fan or some pervert. It screams renegade wolves. Maybe even the forgotten ones.”
“What makes you think of them?”
I asked, “Have you forgotten that she is a white wolf?”
“That would be hard to forget, but few know that.”
“We are aware that the forgotten ones have infiltrated many packs. Why would it not make sense that they have council members among their number?”
“That simply is not possible.”
“I think it is not only possible, but a fact.”
Antonio just shook his head in disbelief, finished off the drink he had brought to the table with him, said goodbye, and left. I watched him walk away and wondered if the unease I had sensed from him was caused by a genuine unhappiness at the possibility the forgotten ones might have her, or something darker.
I sat waiting for my next meeting and I hoped he was here then I saw him. A man that looked like ex Special Forces and smelled like alpha wolf sat down across from me. He said, “We are following him now. I see why you would be suspicious. What are the pictures? Anything I need to know about?”
I looked down at them knowing I wouldn’t be able to stop others from seeing them, so I slid them to him.
“Damn, I see why you want her back.”
“That’s not the only reason. She’s my mate, my other half. I need her back Tyne and I need you to find her for me as soon as possible. This is driving me crazy because I can’t even sense her.”
“Are you sure she’s not…,” Tyne trailed off, not willing to finish the dark unwelcome thought.
“I can’t sense her, but I know she’s alive. Besides, if you kidnapped a white wolf, what would you do with her?”
Tyne glanced back at the pictures but didn’t answer. I hadn’t really expected him to anyway. We both got up to leave in different directions, but I knew if anyone could find her, it would be Tyne.
Chapter 12

Coming Home




(Blake)

I waited to hear from Tyne and the world council. The days passed slowly until it was a week that had passed without word from Tyne. My cell phone rang so I looked at the number and allowed myself to hope. “Tyne, have you found her?”
“I think we may have. Someone is being kept here in a remote location. There is a room inside that is reinforced and seems to be soundproof. Our instruments show it’s there but can’t penetrate it. If we check it out and it’s possible, do you want us to attempt an extraction?”
“How do you know someone is being kept there?”
“I can smell her scent once in a while.”
I felt sick to my stomach, but I had to ask. “How and when are you smelling her scent?”
After a long silence he said, “It’s been on Dom and Antonio when they left. But it’s not the strong scent of sex. Only the scent of physical contact.”
“Maybe they are competing for her.” I could only hope that was the case.
“Wait a minute. What the hell. Someone is attacking the guards. I think we might have a chance. Is it a go?”
“Hell, yes. Get her out of there.”
“Will do. See you soon.”
I allowed myself to hope for a moment as I could imagine her coming home, feeling her in my arms, smelling her perfect scent, kissing her soft willing lips, and taking my mate to our bed to spend hours rediscovering each other after this terrible separation. But the doubts and worries started to break through the beautiful dream, and I knew it would be some time before I was told if she was safe or not.

(Ariel)

I spent a lot of time writing. If I wasn’t a prisoner, it would be nice to be so focused on my book. The results were I had two chapters to go to the end. In my usual fashion, I had also started two more books. I couldn’t just do one, sometimes I was hit by a flash of inspiration so strong, I would start another book until I ran cold. Sometimes, I would just write a synopsis to guide me later for when I turned most of my attention to the new book. Rarely, would I go beyond the first chapter until I finished my main work. The new book I was working on now was a vampire book. It begged to be a series although I never wrote a vampire series before. Not because I never wanted to, but because my cousin, Evry Night, was a famous vampire series novelist. Yes, she had a neat pen name that made me envious when I thought about it. She was so talented and knowledgeable about vampires that I didn’t want to compete with her, and she rarely wrote about werewolves, so it was sort of an unspoken pact.
Her real name was Raquel Paulette Elmsworth. She was my favorite uncle’s only daughter, beautiful, intelligent, and crazy about vampires. She knew them, a lot of them, but they didn’t really know her. I used to tease her about being a vampire slut and she told me if you wanted to get close to a vampire, bed was the best way. Roc wasn’t like me at all, she had no desire to settle down, ever. Just a couple years younger than me, she was a real pistol. When we got together, you better watch out. I should have told Blake about her. She had contacts that might have helped get me out of here. Twenty twenty hindsight, I have always had that.
I turned my mind back to my writing and I just started the next chapter when the door opened. This incredible looking man stepped in. Wow, if I wasn’t with Blake, oh boy. He shot me a sexy grin, winked, and said “Ready to go?”
I popped out my jump drive and slid it in my pocket. “I’m all yours.”
He asked, “What would Blake say?”
“Probably, thank you for taking her off my hands. She’s been nothing but trouble since the day I met her.”
I thought it best not to ask him any questions, and just left with him. After we got in the van, it took off.
“Now that we are on our way, who are you and are you taking me to Blake?”
He smiled at me, probably happy that I saved my questions for once we were under way. “My name is Tyne, and I am, indeed, taking you to Blake. We should be there in two hours.”
“Ariel,” I said extending my hand.
He enveloped it with his very large hand, and we shook. “How did you get yourself in such a jam, Ariel?”
I turned red. “I was seduced.”
His mouth dropped open as he stared at me. I realized that didn’t sound good.
“Not sexually, I usually don’t do these kinds of interviews and I’ve never done a photo shoot. Why would anyone want pictures of an author? I told them no, even though they offered a lot of money and I hate this type of stuff preferring to stay at home. But I have several large projects going on and I thought an influx of cash would really jump start them. Blake has a pack split going on and even though he never complains, I know time is an issue. Actually, I wasn’t going to go, until Blake told me I should. I thought maybe he needed us to hurry up but didn’t want to complain. He knew if we expanded faster, we could do the work quicker and I wanted to ease his mind and expedite things. What a mess. I also had right of approval on that damn photo shoot and now it’s too late to do that. He’s going to kill me. Maybe it won’t be so bad. What do you think?”
“Are you the type that wants honesty or reassurance?”
“That doesn’t sound good. Of course, I want honesty since I need to prepare for the worst.”
He pulled out an envelope and put it in my hands. I pulled out the photos and I felt heat flood my face. Oh, Lord, this was way worse than I could have imagined.
Tyne said, “The bright side is, those are some really hot photos. Everyone will want an interview and a photo shoot now. Book sales will be through the roof.”
I turned to look at him in shock. “Blake will kill me, so I won’t live to reap the rewards.”
“He loves you, so he’ll get over it. What choice does he have?”
I could only hope he was right. At least the photos didn’t look like Ariel at all. They were Maggie at her sexiest possible self. It was almost like I was two different people, and I could only hope that Blake would look at it that way too.
We talked and it made the trip go faster. It seemed Tyne was ex Special Forces. Blake and he met when they were young and on the same team. Neither intended to make a career of it. They developed a close friendship and stayed in touch. When I disappeared, Blake called him in right away. There were too many coincidences and they suspected Antonio right away. They tailed him and found the place I was being kept. Someone else was trying to storm the house to get me, so they took advantage of the fight and extracted me with no casualties. My guess was Victor, Tyne agreed. He didn’t like his odds of winning me, so he planned to even them. Tyne said one of the men he saw attacking the guards was known to work for Victor, so I guess it was lucky they attacked, but Blake knowing Tyne was what had saved me.
We pulled up to the hotel, I saw Blake, and my heart leapt with joy. I had missed him so much. As soon as the van came to a stop, I opened the door and ran into his arms, I never wanted to leave him again.
“Ariel, thank goodness Tyne got you out of there.”
“I’m never leaving home again without a bodyguard.”
“You’re never leaving home again without me.”
He took me up to the room after speaking to Tyne for a moment. The time we had spent apart seemed like an eternity and I had never missed anyone so much in my life. He took me in his arms, and I melted against him. I breathed in his scent and felt the heat from his skin. It was like finally coming home after a long time away. His hands stroked my back, I think he meant to reassure and comfort me. It was not the effect it had. My heart started beating just a little faster and his musky, warm scent surrounded me. I moved my head from his chest, and he lowered his lips to mine, claiming them. Parting my lips, I allowed him access as I unbuttoned his shirt so I could stroke the smooth, firm skin underneath. He slid his tongue in, exploring and branding my mouth as his. I sucked his tongue in deeper and he moaned as he pulled me into a tighter embrace.
As I continued with my work, sliding his shirt off, and starting on the button of his jeans, I unzipped them pulling them down as he continued to stroke me with his hands and his tongue building a haze of passion and a torrent of need. He backed me up a couple steps until we fell to the bed. Now the need to remove the remaining barriers between us was overwhelming, so he slid to the side while we removed the offending items quickly. We repositioned ourselves fully on the bed.
Blake slid on top, and I felt him pressed against me. I stretched out to enjoy the feel of him fully. I stroked his skin and teased his mouth with my tongue, once more building a desire that demanded satisfaction. I could feel the hard, firm press of his flesh giving, taking, and there was so much pleasure that even as we strove for completion, a part of me wished it would never end. Finally, there was an explosion of feeling so great, that I thought that the building could not remain standing. Something this strong, would surely level all in its path. Completely exhausted and unable to move, I fell into a deep restful sleep with my mate by my side.
I woke in the middle of the night. Blake was still asleep, so I got up and took a shower. Looking in the closet, I found not only his luggage, but he had also brought mine. That was a relief because now I had something to wear and my laptop. I found the jump drives that Antonio had given me and downloaded them to my computer sending the completed chapters to Charlie and promised her more soon. I gave some thought to my new problems with the forgotten ones and my concerns that they had infiltrated the werewolf councils. Deciding to send my cousin an email to arrange a meeting, because her vampire friends might be able to help more than anyone else right now. Blake and his friend Tyne were the only wolves I was sure I could trust. How could I keep my family safe?
Now there was nothing else to do, so I went back to bed and snuggled up against my mate. I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew, Blake was waking me. We packed, loaded, and left for the airport in a limousine. Tyne came with us. Blake said, “I think we need to hire Tyne to give you and your family some security.” Blake looked like he was expecting trouble from me, but I wasn’t sure why. I saw the need as much as he did, and I would just be planning a little backup for Tyne that no one else would know about.
“Tyne, why don’t you come with us and consider it a vacation? You can scope everything out and then we can discuss it.”

(Blake)

Trouble seemed to follow my Ariel everywhere she went. I was relieved to have her back, but I knew it would be hard to protect her. She was so argumentative and contrary at times, that I wondered what she was up to now that she had been agreeable. I would warn Tyne when I had the chance. She certainly had him wrapped around her finger and I would be jealous, but it was clear, even to me, that she wanted me, not anyone else. Even if she didn’t love me yet, there was a shared passion that drew us together that effected her and me equally. I hoped the time would come that I would hear those three words from her. If I said it first, I couldn’t be sure she meant them. It was possible she would say them just because I did. But what if I said them, and she said nothing at all?
We arrived at the airport, and I noticed Tyne had security hidden among the passengers. How would Ariel feel about half a dozen armed men wandering around our place? He sent four ahead to secure our arrival. Two would go ahead to the farm, but two would stay at the airport watching for anything out of place. Two were here doing the same. They would board the plane with us and go all the way home. Some of them would work Ariel’s construction projects, some would stay on the farm, and Tyne would stick to her like glue. I knew she would resist, so my plan was not to tell her. If she found out, I would catch hell, but it was worth it for the sense of safety it gave me. It was my intention to stay close to her as well.
Loading everyone on the plane with no problems, made me feel better. The plane was nearly full, with at least two stops ahead of us to pick up more passengers. Ariel had her laptop out, typing away like she was possessed. I wondered if this was what she meant by inspired. She didn’t look around or pay the slightest attention to anyone or anything and I thought we would talk about what she went through, how we found her, or how we planned to keep her safe; but she was so far gone, talking to her would be impossible. I looked at Tyne seeing he’d drawn the same conclusion. We talked about security for once we made it home. She never heard a word we said or acknowledged our presence in any way. The flight attendant came by and asked us if we wanted anything to drink. She tried to get Ariel’s attention, but she just kept typing. My mate was lost to the real world until she completed whatever she was working on.
Tyne and I settled down to sleep. We woke up as the meal was brought around and I made an effort to get Ariel’s attention by shaking her arm. She looked at me like someone waking from a dream. “Hey, handsome. What’s going on?”
“Ariel, you need to take a break. It’s mealtime and you’ve been at it for hours.”
“It doesn’t seem that long, and I’m almost finished with my book. I caught a tide of inspiration, so I hate to stop now. It could desert me completely and I’ll be stranded so close to the end.”
“If you know how it’s going to end, why can’t you just write that down? It can’t be that hard to pick the story line back up.”
She looked at me like I was a lunatic. I was beginning to feel like one as she carefully spoke to me as if I were a child. “Anyone can come up with a plot. The hard part is to get from one point to another without losing your reader along the way. You have to go quickly enough that they don’t get bored, slowly enough that they understand what‘s going on, but still remember all the details so you don’t contradict yourself or leave out an important point.”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. Those are all good reasons for me never to be a writer.” I guess she had a point. If it was easy, everyone would be a successful writer, but I was thankful that I had no desire to write, as I watched her try to do as much as she could before her tray was brought. I had thought writing just came naturally and easily to those who did it. I guess I had a lot to learn about my mate’s chosen career. No wonder some writers wrote one book and never did it again. It was stressful, difficult work.
She stopped, eating quickly and when the tray was picked up, she immediately returned to her work. Ariel was so far out of it, that I would compare it to a trance. She finally stopped to take a break just before we landed in New York. My mate looked up confused like she just woke up from a dream. She stretched, leaned over and gave me a kiss, then went to the bathroom. I thought maybe she was through, but when she came back, she put her laptop back on her tray. This time she was reading and seemed to be making corrections as she went. I wanted to find out more about what she was doing, but I didn’t want to interrupt her when she was so focused.
The pilot announced that we were landing so she was forced to take a break. I never saw anyone lose themselves in their work to that degree. Sadly, I had to admit, I had never read one of her books. But her intense dedication while she was writing, made me want to.
We lost a couple passengers but gained even more than that. A stranger sat next to Tyne and watched Ariel in a way that made me nervous. It was a combination of interest, speculation, and desire. There was no doubt he was a wolf and an alpha to boot. Tyne very discreetly took a picture of him when he was distracted by Ariel bending over to set up her computer. Her shirt wasn’t cut that low, but her position made it reveal far more than she probably realized. Tyne would send the photo to his people for identification so we would soon know who he was.
She was back to her reading, not noticing anything around her. Ariel never even paid the slightest bit of attention to the man sitting across from her. That didn’t seem to discourage him nor did the faint but clear mark on her neck that denoted my claim. My hackles were beginning to rise. Tyne didn’t look so happy either. He had developed a protective relationship toward Ariel which this guy was threatening. Ariel was a fast reader and seemed to be done now. She turned to me with a smile. “I’m finally ready to send in the last of the book, leaving it to others at this point.”
She took my hand in hers, pulled it to her mouth, and pressed her lips against it. My mate gave me a look that made me wish we were alone. I had her attention now, but we were surrounded by strangers. We still couldn’t speak of any serious matters, and I noticed she hadn’t put her computer up yet, so I asked her about it.
“I’m not done yet, because I have to check my emails and post to my blog, facebook page, twitter account, and my author pages. My fans like progress reports. They will want to know that the book is at the publishers for copy editing now. I have someone who updates my pages and answers questions, but he couldn’t keep up with all of it without a little help. I love my fans, they are the best. They support me, and I support them. I do giveaways, answer questions, and keep them updated on everything going on with my books and I write several at a time. Some of the hardest parts of being an author have little to do with writing.”
I never realized there was so much involved with what she did, and I thought most of her time went into her business with Matt. It seemed I had a lot to learn about her life and the many parts that composed it. My life seemed dull, even simple, by comparison. She went back to her work while I thought about the man across from her and his blatant interest in my wife. Tyne handed me his phone. He had identified the man. His name was Nigel Carrington, and he was the alpha of one of the largest packs in Britain. They were spread all over the countryside around London. It was surprising that they were scattered like that, but close to such a large population, it made sense. Tyne had also discovered he was headed to Branson like we were. I didn’t like it, the coincidence was too much. He must be coming to see Ariel.
I leaned over to give her a kiss and I just meant it to be a quick peck, but it turned into more. It was intense and made me wish we were alone. If that didn’t send the right message to Nigel Carrington, nothing would. She whispered, “Blake, we’re not alone.” Red tinged her cheeks, her eyes were bright, and she seemed to glow. My mate was even more beautiful when she was like this, full of desire and reacting to my touch.
The man across from her shifted in his seat. “Really, old boy, could you wait for home. Not all of us want to see a show like that.” His cultured, clipped tone dripped with a British accent. He immediately drew Ariel’s attention. I remembered she had told me she liked to travel to listen to different accents and she loved the one British people had.
She started talking to him, but mostly she asked questions so he would keep talking. I think he figured out what she was doing. Her face was animated which showed she was enjoying herself. After they talked awhile, he told her his name was Nigel. She told him she was Ariel. He seemed surprised but hid it quickly. Perhaps he expected Maggie? Tyne was hanging on every word, and I could see he was thinking, drawing conclusions. I didn’t like Nigel and I was ready to land so we could leave him behind. He had gotten more attention from Ariel on this trip than I had.
It wasn’t nearly soon enough when the pilot announced we were landing. Ariel had put her laptop up, so she and Nigel had spent the rest of the flight speaking. She hadn’t said much, but he had spoken a lot. The information should help Tyne find out more about him. He had enjoyed Ariel’s interest even though he might wonder if she was the one he was looking for.
We hurried through the airport. Luckily, we landed at a slow time and the lines were not long. Matt was there to greet us. He told us Danny was waiting outside. They had each driven here since they didn’t know how many would be with us. We started to the door, but Nigel caught up to us. He said, “I just finished speaking to your brother Drake. You are Blake, right?” I nodded so he continued. “He says to have you call him, so he can fill you in.” He waited expectantly.
I dialed the phone listening with growing aggravation as Drake told me Nigel was to be our guest for an undecided length of time. The world council wanted some information on Ariel and her family, so he was here to find out more. I had expected this, but not so soon. Just one more problem and one more person to find room for. At least Tyne would make sure nothing would happen to Ariel.
Nigel was coming with us, but I wasn’t happy about it. Matt took a head count and didn’t look happy either. I know that he was wanting to get his space back. Even though he loved his brother, they seemed to get on each other’s nerves if forced to stay together for long. Danny was the nervous high-strung type. He had seizures like those Ariel used to have and suffered from attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Ariel had chosen to keep him on minimum medication when he was young because of strong side effects and as an adult he didn’t take medicine at all. She did make him drink coffee if he got too bad, but that only helped a little. Physical activity helped the most. He needed it, although he seemed to resist it at those times he needed it the most. Becoming a wolf would fix that for him and I thought he would benefit the most from it. It was too bad that his recent experience with love had left him resistant to any of the advances some of the young females had made. Matt was more popular, but Danny had his share of interest as well.
Matt and Sally matched up well, but Matt resisted pursuing the relationship. It was funny, that when Sally was gone, Matt growled at everyone. How could he be so unaware of what the problem really was? Ariel told me she hoped Matt would go out with Sally. If he didn’t wake up soon, she was going to meddle. It surprised me that she waited this long.
Danny let me drive and Ariel sat in front with me. Tyne and his men rode with us, while everyone else rode with Matt. At least I got away from Nigel for awhile. We headed home and the trip went quickly. It felt good to be back home with my mate. I wanted nothing more than to pull her into our bedroom, toss her on the bed, and rock her world. Unfortunately, we had company so we would have to play host. Matt, Danny, and Ariel went to settle everyone in, and Tammy took a head count for supper.
Danny ended up taking Tyne’s men up the mountain to settle in. Nigel and Tyne went with Ariel to find rooms in the house. Danny took a family of four to his apartment, coming back to take a couple single guys to the motel up the road. At least everyone had a place to stay. Now, I would have to meet alone with Nigel. Since he was a visiting alpha pack leader and representative for the world council, I would have to treat him with courtesy, granting any reasonable requests.
I didn’t have to wait for Nigel long. He made his way back into the living room alone. I escorted him to my office so we could talk, and I offered him a drink from the small cart Ariel put in the room to use as a bar. He accepted, so I fixed both of us a whiskey sour. We sat and I indicated he should start.
Nigel said, “I wasn’t sure when she told me she was Ariel that she was the one I was looking for. The council wants more information on her family. They also want to know which powers have developed. Can she sense the forgotten ones?”
“Yes, but I don’t know about any other powers. I’m not even sure what to look for. She does seem to have a great deal of magnetism.”
“I noticed that I feel very drawn to her.”
I said, “Yes, I noticed that. But I mean people in general, not just men. I think she has always had that effect on people when she has made an effort. She’s a good storyteller, she’s animated, interesting, funny, and enthusiastic.”
“I’ve read all her books. Very good stuff, there is action, suspense, and some great sex scenes.”
He flushed a little when I looked at him intensely. “If you like that sort of thing. I’m sure most of the women do.”
“So, what is your plan to get the information you need?”
Nigel said, “I want to meet everyone in her family, and I will also need to spend some time with her.”
I tried to school my features so they wouldn’t show how unhappy I was about that. “I haven’t even met any of her family except her boys.”
“I need to meet them first.”
I said, “You already have. Matt is the youngest and Danny, the oldest.”
“Why doesn’t she say they are her sons when she introduces them?”
“She’s very private. They work with her in the business. I think she wants to shelter them from anyone who might want to take advantage of their connections.”
“That makes sense in a weird way. I guess I will start in the morning.”
We left the office and supper was ready. It was going to be a long week.

(Ariel)

I don’t know if I was ever happier to be back home. Blake and I had our usual wild night of passion when we went to our room last night, but we still hadn’t talked about what happened in Italy. I didn’t mind, because I didn’t want to tell him we might be expecting a child because I didn’t feel like being limited to the house at this point. Maybe I would wait a month or so, go to the doctor, and tell him then, if it turned out that it was true. He wasn’t pushing for information anyway. Either he was afraid to know about my experience in Italy, or he thought I was too emotional to discuss it. Nigel was another complication at a time that I had several, and I didn’t need it. At breakfast, he attached himself to my side and Blake hadn’t said a word. I knew the council had sent him even though no one told me.
Now, he wanted to know about me, but I didn’t want to tell him anything. I was sure that the information would go to the council and then straight to the forgotten ones. What a stupid name, they weren’t forgotten and even if they were defeated, everyone who knew about them would always remember their evil deeds.
Nigel and I were on our way to one of my new projects. He wanted to know what I did, so I decided he could help me for the day. This one was a nasty cleanup job. I brought two of the new guys with us. They volunteered this time, but I bet they wouldn’t do that again.
We arrived at the house quickly because it was just up the road. I noticed Nigel’s disgusted look before he hid it. The house was a cheap rental for many years and suffered all kinds of abuse. The last tenants thoroughly trashed the house and the yard. They weren’t hoarders, just too lazy to take out the trash or do any cleaning. They stopped paying the rent, so the landlord stopped making repairs in the hope that they would leave. My guess, based the sad state the house was in, was they had lingered a while. It was warm enough that the stench met us as soon as we exited the truck.
My small crew wasn’t impressed with our new project, but the house was still salvageable. We worked hard since the filth was piled high. I had two construction dumpsters for this site because one wouldn’t be enough. Nigel would pay for his time with me by helping with a very tough job. I took him to the bathroom, the worst smelling room in the house. He looked a little green when we stepped in, but he didn’t say a thing when I handed him his gloves. “Do you want to remove the toilet or empty out the tub, Nigel?”
“I’ll take the tub,” he replied with a glazed look in his eyes. I was surprised he didn’t hurl, and he never complained. We had the bathroom cleared out well before lunch except for removing the old, rusted tub. We took a break. Nigel asked, “Is this what you do?”
“It’s part of it. We buy old houses, fix them up, and either sell them, or rent them out. Due to the economy and the people from the pack coming here, we’ve been keeping almost all of them lately. You’re lucky to get in on a project at the start. I have others in varying degrees of completion. We have one almost ready that we’ll check on before we go home tonight.”
We got back to work and when we took lunch, the roofers came. After I got them started, we returned to our miserable job. It was more fun than usual for me. I had the entertainment of watching the looks on Nigel’s and the new guy’s faces. Every once in a while, they would find something they couldn’t recognize and ask what it was. Sometimes, I would identify it but once in a while I would tell them they really didn’t want to know. The day ended and tomorrow would see the cleanup complete.
When we loaded up, we went to Matt’s project. It was nearly finished so I wanted the new guys and Nigel to see what kind of changes we could make. This house was nearly as bad to start with as the one we were working on.
Once we pulled up in the driveway, we saw some of Matt’s crew were taking a break. The yard was perfect, and the dumpster already gone. He only had half his crew because he sent the other half to help Danny for the day. This was the most rewarding part of the job. It was amazing to take a dilapidated wreck of a house and turn it into a beautiful home that anyone would be happy to live in. Matt’s crew was the best. The reason was, that Andy lacked the experience and Danny wasn’t as good a crew leader as Matt. Matt got a hundred percent effort out of his men just like I did. It was a combination of punishment and reward that worked best for any crew. Poor workers didn’t stay. Good workers got bonuses, time off, and other rewards.
Nigel said, “There is no way this house ever looked like the one we just left.”
I pulled out some pictures from the toolbox in my truck because I always carried the latest project photos with me for doubters. He shook his head as he looked through them. “If you were going to be here in six weeks, you would see the results on the house we just cleaned. It might even be four the way Matt’s crew gets work done,” I said.
“I’m not really sure how long I will stay.”
“I thought this was just a quick trip.”
“No, this is for however long it takes to satisfy the council.”
That was something to think about. I knew Blake wasn’t going to be happy. We helped Matt’s crew close up so we could all go home together.
Chapter 13

Four Wheeling




(Ariel)

I had been back home a week now. Nigel stuck to me like glue, and I put him to work often, but I also showed him some of the local sights. We went to some of my favorite restaurants, with and without Blake, and I took him shopping in downtown Eureka. The shops were neat with a range of unusual crafts and other difficult to find items. I especially liked the pewter figurines since I had a collection of wizards, dragons, and similar items. Nigel noticed my interest in them and insisted on buying me a dragon holding a crystal ball. The dragon’s eyes were red jewels, and the crystal ball was shot through with shiny red wisps of color.
We left Eureka and headed home. Nigel watched me as I drove. You would think that I was used to his close scrutiny by now, but it still embarrassed me when I caught him staring like he was right now. I wasn’t really sure what he was here to do. Blake told me that Nigel was sent to get to know me and find out more about my family. What the hell does that mean, anyway? He asked me questions about my past, my likes, hobbies, work, and family. He watched me closely, as if analyzing my features or trying to gauge my emotions. I thought he might be frustrated by my ability to say a lot without revealing a thing. It was a talent that I had perfected.
I glanced at him again, wondering if he was looking at me again, or if he had never stopped looking. It was starting to unnerve me a little, so I decided it was time to to deal more directly with Nigel. Instead of going home, I took him to the bar that Junior ran. We sat in the corner at a table, and I decided to order him beer and me a tomboy. I hadn’t had a tomboy since my old drinking days. It was a beer with tomato juice. Beer wasn’t my favorite drink back then, but the bars I hung out in only served beer. The tomato juice would take off the bitter edge that some of the cheaper generic beers have. I decided to take a more aggressive approach with Nigel.
After he had a couple in him, he seemed more relaxed. “Nigel, what is it you want from me exactly?”
He gave me an intent look that was hard to misunderstand. “I don’t mean personally. What were you sent to find out?”
I saw a lot of thoughts flit across his usually shuttered face. “They need to know what your skills and talents are. They also want to assess your family to see if there are other possible white wolves and they hope to bring the blood back into our race. Not just with you, but also with others. They are especially interested in your first-degree relatives. Since your kidnapping, they are also worried that you could be taken again.”
“You’re my bodyguard?” I tried not to laugh at the thought of this stylish man taking on a crazed minion of the forgotten ones. It wasn’t so much that he wasn’t tall, or even that he wasn’t well muscled as it was that he took extreme care of his appearance, turned his nose up at dirt, and was so mild mannered. Perhaps it was a case of still waters running deep because I was sure if the council had sent him as protection, they thought him quite capable of doing just that.
We finished our drinks and headed home. At supper, I noticed that Blake, Tyne, and some of the other men were very tense and jumpy. What now?
We finished eating before Blake said, “Ariel, Nigel, we need to speak to you in the office.”
We turned out to be Blake, Tyne, and two of the new guys. Tyne said, “We have had some trespassing on your farm, Ariel. My men caught several unknown men on cameras setting up what at first seemed to be game or trail cameras. Upon closer inspection, these are top of the line spy cameras. Considering your recent experience, we can only assume they are trying to get you back.”
“What do you suggest we do?” I asked.
Tyne said, “Maybe you should take a trip somewhere. I want to know if they are after you, or if anyone in your family will do.”
“I have been planning to visit my cousin in New Orleans for a short trip.”
Tyne asked, “Which cousin is that?”
I looked around the room where everyone was watching me with interest. “She doesn’t like attention, nor does she like her information given out freely.”
Tyne asked, “Blake, do you know who her cousin is?”
Blake looked at Tyne, then at me. He remained silent.
Tyne said, “I have to know.”
I asked, “Does everyone in here need to know?”
Tyne sent his two men out. “Everyone left in here, needs to know.”
 “Her name is Raquel Paulette Elmsworth. Her pen name is Evry Night.” I said.
I heard Nigel gasp. “The famous Vampire Romantic Suspense novelist?”
Roc would kill me for telling them her secret. I nodded, unhappily.
Tyne said, “I’m not much of a reader, but I’ve even read a couple of her books. What a talented family you come from Ariel. It won’t make protecting you any easier.”
“The fact that she hangs out with vampires could shift things either way. They might protect her, or they might throw her to the wolves,” I said.
Now Tyne chuckled, showing some appreciation for my quick witted humor. Nigel and Blake just looked horrified. I had always heard that wolves and vampires don’t mix well, I guess it was true.
Tyne took me to look at the video that showed the men who had trespassed, but I didn’t recognize any of them from Italy. They weren’t locals, and I thought they looked dangerous even though their eyes didn’t glow. I was sure they were hired thugs. Tyne agreed saying we needed to plan my trip to see Roc. I told him I had to stay at least a week to finish some projects, so he agreed. He really didn’t have a choice since I was the boss.
Two days had passed since the game cam incident, and I felt suffocated. I was never alone for a moment, and I felt like they were overprotective, but I didn’t say anything. They would just gang up on me. Men can be like that.
We finished a project that needed only a few repairs. One more day and Danny’s project would be done. Andy’s crew had worked on the pack’s property, but now that the exterior was complete, Matt would take over again. I would clean up the new project, Andy’s team would take over, and then I could go to see Roc.
Nigel and I headed out to the new project with two of the new guys that I now knew were Tyne’s men. We pulled down a dirt road that if you described it as a cow trail, it would be kind. It looked more like a dry creek bed with the ruts and exposed limestone that was common to the area. Someone pulled in behind us in an SUV with heavily tinted windows. Normally, this wouldn’t be odd, but this was a dead end road with only one inhabited home, and we were already past that. I pointed it out to the men, but they had already taken note of it.
I suppose I shouldn’t have been surprised when they started riding our bumper. Suddenly, they weren’t happy with that, and they bumped us hard. “You guys want to go four wheeling?” I asked.
Nigel asked, “What do you mean?”
“Should we go through the fields and lose them?”
Nigel had eaten a good breakfast and he looked like he was about to hurl it all over the truck. “Just relax and enjoy it. Be sure to keep your seat belt on because it will be a rough ride.”
None of them looked happy, but I thought it would be fun. I could have those thugs running in circles. Lucky for me, I had left the gate open last time I was here and there was some land with the house. If I ran the fence in the back field, I would be on my farm since this place butted up against it. The twenty plus acres that came with this house, had a lot to do with me buying it because it would put me up over three hundred acres. I was glad that I decided on this house for today. The other one would have been in a less protected location without the home field advantage we now enjoyed.
They hit us again, harder this time. I sped up and slid around the house narrowly missing the root cellar on one side and the hole that indicated the septic tank had rusted out and caved in on the other. They weren’t so lucky. Their SUV overcompensated to avoid the root cellar and didn’t see the hole until they landed in it. The heavy weight of the SUV would no doubt land them, literally, in a world of shit. I didn’t look back to see as I circled the house and headed back home while Tyne called 911 for the sheriff’s department. They would be slow to respond since this was right next to the state line. A hundred feet south and it would have happened in Arkansas. I was sure that it would take more than one tow truck to remove that SUV from its current position so they could abandon it and walk, call back up, if they had any, or wait to be arrested.
I had to admit, I enjoyed playing with them, but now that it was over, I would be a day behind on that project, so I decided to change direction to head to a different project starting on it instead.
“Aren’t we going home?” Tyne asked.
“No rest for the weary.”
Nigel said, “Ariel, you just went through an emotional experience.”
I asked, “Didn’t you think that was fun? Better than those video racing games.”
The guys all looked at me shaking their heads. They didn’t realize that they had enjoyed some mild four wheeling. A muddy riverbank would have been more challenging. Or even running up my mountain after a good rain. The truck would have been coated with mud from all the slipping and sliding. Good times!
We unloaded and worked hard until Tyne was called by a deputy. He wanted us to file a report, but the SUV was left behind and it was empty by the time he and his partner arrived. We quit and returned to the scene of the crime where we each made a statement, signed it, and we were allowed to go. Crimes such as this were rarely solved out in the country. I had no expectations at all, so we went to Junior’s bar to relax before we headed home. Junior brought the drinks to our table and stayed so I could tell him what happened. He monitored the police radio calls, so he already knew the basics. Other people listened in, and it was the most exciting happening this year. At least it would give me something to put in the next book. The one I had yet to start.
Chapter 14

Roc




(Ariel)

Two more days until we headed to New Orleans and Blake, Tyne, and the other security men would go with us. I was spending all my time working and when I came home, I was worn out. Blake was doing the same, trying to get ahead for the trip coming up.
Matt was pissed off at me because I couldn’t explain why I was going to see Roc now, when we were so busy. I felt terrible because he accused me of locking him and Danny out of my life. That night, after supper, I spoke to Blake. “I need to tell Matt what is going on. He knows something is not quite right. If he finds out on his own, who knows what he might do.”
“I’ll call Drake.”
He hung up the phone after he and Drake finished. He looked angry, so I thought Drake said no. I was wrong.
“Drake said you could tell him tomorrow. He also wants you to morph in front of Nigel so he can take a picture of you.”
“I’m not comfortable doing that and you know I have bad luck with pictures.”
Blake’s lips tightened as a cold, hard look came over his face. Stupid me to remind him of the photo shoot. We never really discussed it, even though it came out a few days ago. It was very popular, so the magazine was happy. Their sales were up, and my latest book was flying off the shelves. I still couldn’t feel happy about it, but I suppose I would live it down eventually.
The next morning, we went to a corner of the farm where no one could see us. Nigel, Tyne, and all Tyne’s men came along to guard us. Blake was told he couldn’t come. Nigel had his camera, but I told him I wasn’t very photogenic. “I saw your photo shoot. It’s the stuff dreams are made of,” he whispered quietly so no one else would hear. I felt the heat on my face and turned away from him.
“Whenever you’re ready to morph, I’ll take your picture.”
Feeling self-conscious as hell, I morphed, and I heard gasps from Nigel as well as Tyne and some of his men. So, I was white, what was the big deal? I lifted my head defiantly just as Nigel clicked rapidly, getting several shots. He checked them, appearing quite pleased with the outcome. He indicated I could change back, so I did. None of the men looked at me the same now. Their looks were reverent, and I could only compare it to someone who searched for Bigfoot all their life with no results, and suddenly they came face to face with one. We drove back to the house in silence, and we went to another job to start it. Working hard all day, tonight I would talk to Matt.
Matt was waiting when we got home, and I took him to the office with Blake and Tyne. I was nervous, but I was happy he would finally know. Danny wasn’t like Matt, he just accepted things while Matt always questioned everything. We all sat down in the office, and I started to speak. “I know you realize something is going on. Blake’s people aren’t a cult, they are werewolves.”
Matt started laughing, but then he got angry. “Just say you don’t want to tell me, but don’t make a sick joke out of it.”
I stood up and morphed, Matt’s mouth dropped open and moved like he was speaking, but no words came out. I went to him so I could put my front paws on his leg and lay my head in his lap. My eyes never left his. He reached out slowly and touched the fur on my head. He tickled my ears but still looked stunned. “I don’t believe this.”
I morphed back. “I know it’s difficult to digest.”
“Are they all wolves?” he asked.
“Yes, but there’s more.”
I continued to explain to him about the white wolves, what it meant, and the forgotten ones. Next, I told him that there was a good chance if he mated with a wolf, he would become one. Finally, I told him I needed to see Roc so I could warn her in case someone came after her. He took it well considering everything. I told him I needed him to look out for everyone, especially Danny while I was gone, and I felt a weight lift off me as I saw that he understood and didn’t hate me for dragging the family into such a weird situation. Now that I had that done, I decided to go to the doctor so I could tell Blake while we were in New Orleans, if it turned out a child was on the way.
We were finally ready for our trip, and we decided to drive, since Louisiana was next to Arkansas. For the sake of comfort, we would stop for the night about halfway. I told them I would have to go to see Roc alone. They argued, but I prevailed.
Chapter 15

Roc




(Ariel)

I walked into a seedy bar wondering why she had picked such a scary looking place for us to meet, and I saw an attractive woman from the over forty group, sitting at the corner of the bar where she could survey everyone who entered. She had copper colored hair which went well with her lush figure, and she was wearing leather, like I was, and hers looked so tight I thought she would have trouble breathing. The woman was sitting alone, so the guys in here must be dead or something, not to notice her. This place had an off smell that I couldn’t quite wrap my nose around. It was earthy, but every once in a while, a decaying smell hit me that made me shiver like someone had walked over my grave.
I headed straight toward her. When I was close, I stopped. “Hey, vampire slut.”
She looked in my eyes. “Bitch in heat.”
“Old hag.”
“Shrew.”
We both laughed as she got up to greet me. We hugged and then sat down. I noticed we had drawn some unwanted attention as a man approached us.
“Roc, what is this bitch doing in here? No pets allowed.”
She gave him a cold, hard look that made him step back slightly.
“She is my guest, back off.”
I noticed a man standing in the back, surveying the bar. He was watching with interest and an air of authority. He was slowly moving in our direction.
The first man said, “There is only one thing her kind of bitch is good for.” He pumped his hips obscenely as he licked his lips. Oh, gross!
“Roc, maybe we should leave.”
“Meg, I’ll handle this.”
A couple of his buddies stepped up and the man I noticed earlier moved a couple more steps toward us. He didn’t intend to get involved unless things got out of hand.
“Here poochie, poochie. Be a good dog and we can all play together and have some fun. I hear your kind are great in bed, but I’ve never had one before,” said one of his buddies. They were starting to crowd us, and Roc finally acted like she saw the danger we were in. She might be a tough badass, but this damn place was full of men, and they all seemed intent on taking what they wanted.
Two guys went to hold Roc down and she was giving them hell. The guy in front of me had all his attention on me. He was quicker than anyone I had ever seen, and I didn’t even see his hand until he had me by the throat. Breaking his hold I was managing to keep him at bay, when someone slipped up behind me and grasp my arms. The guy in front of me moved his hand back to my throat and lifted me off the ground. I couldn’t breathe as I felt him slowly crushing my throat. Even though I tried not to, I felt my body morph and my inner beast took over. As I wiggled around so I could sink my teeth into his arm, I tasted the oddest blood imaginable and even though I wanted to spit it out, my teeth were locked in a death grip. He screamed, it was an ear piecing, inhuman sound. His hand dropped from my throat, and I unclenched my jaw releasing him as the man in the background stepped forward and all the others immediately stepped back. When I morphed back to human form, I tried desperately to relax so I could catch my breath.
The man who was now taking charge spoke in a language that I didn’t know, but it sounded Germanic and oddly familiar. Everyone immediately took notice of him, and I could only assume they were following his directions. Someone brought me a drink and I could hear him tell me, “Rinse your mouth out. I am not sure what effect his blood might have on you if it isn’t removed.”
I did as he told me because the blood tasted terrible. Almost like spoiled meat, but much worse. What the hell was wrong with him? Maybe he had a blood disorder? Roc stepped up. “Simon, what is going on? Meg, why didn’t you tell me you were a wolf now? Damien, touch Meg again, I’ll put a stake through your black heart!”
She seemed to relax now that she had said what she needed to say, and she gave the remaining men a hard look making they backed away from her quickly. Simon dismissed the others so only the three of us were left. I said, “Roc, I was here to tell you about my change. Who are these guys? They are a little weird.” My glance went to Simon when I was speaking. He didn’t look offended.
“They are vampires, Meg.”
“You decided to meet me in a vampire hangout? Are you crazy? You didn’t even warn me.”
“I’m sorry, but I didn’t know you had changed. They don’t bother humans. I hang out here a lot and I wanted you to see it.”
Simon broke in, “We need to go now. You two come with me.”
Roc looked at him. I could see a lot of feeling in that look. My cousin was usually casual about her relationships, but this man meant a lot to her. It made me wonder what she meant to him.
He led us to a backroom that looked like an office. He gestured to the seats in front of the desk while he sat in the one behind it. “Who are you and what are you doing here?” He looked at me as he spoke.
“I am Meg, Roc’s cousin. I came to see her and tell her about some recent changes in my life.”
He smirked. “I guess you don’t have to break it to her now.”
“I’m not sure how much I want to share with you.” I looked at him as I spoke.
“The secret’s out. What else is there?”
“Why did you look like you saw a ghost when I morphed?” I asked him.
He smiled like he was remembering something treasured. “Maybe I did.”
“Why don’t we make a deal? You tell me what you know, and I’ll tell you why I’m here.”
“Is there more to it than just telling Roc about your recent change?”
I nodded my head. “You first,” I told him.
He said, “I’m old, very old. I was alive in the time of the last white wolf. You may think she was only a legend to wolves, but she ended a terrible war between vamps and wolves and then brought stability to the entire supernatural world. Beings of all kinds still remember her. She saved us all when we almost wiped each other out. I knew her well.”
I said, “You were lovers, before she met her mate.”
“Yes, and we were friends long after.” Roc listened quietly.
“Your turn,” he said.
“The forgotten ones have resurfaced, and Roc may be in danger. Anyone with white wolf blood will be a target. I hoped Roc might know a vampire strong enough to protect her. They have already abducted me, and I was saved by my mate. They tried again and my great driving talents saved me.”
Roc could be silent no more. “You have got to be kidding, you’re one of the craziest drivers I know.”
“Yes, this time it saved me. I squeezed between a root cellar and a collapsed septic tank, and they missed the root cellar and landed in the septic tank.” Roc and I both laughed till tears came to our eyes.
“Priceless. Did you film it for that TV show? The one that takes funny videos?” Roc asked.
“No camera, sorry.”
Simon said, “I’m not sure you realize how dangerous those wolves are. They are murderous fanatics. Once they get a white wolf under their control, they will try to reignite the hatred between the different supernatural races. They hope to rule us all or wipe us out and rule humans. We can’t allow it.”
Roc perked up. “What do you mean by races? Are their more besides vamps and wolves?”
“Many more. Think about your legends from childhood. The monsters and the good magic are all around you in spades. At least five percent, maybe as many as ten of the planet’s population can be divided among our various kind. The forgotten ones seek to rule them all. They work with renegades of all kinds to plot their takeover. If they get a white wolf to submit to them, no one is safe.”
“What can they do with just one white wolf? Many carry the gene, and several will probably turn. Why do they need just one?”
“There is always one that is the strongest. If they get that one, they have won. It may not be fair, but evil is usually stronger because it will do whatever it takes, sacrifice whatever it must, in order to win. Those who are truly good, are often unwilling to do truly bad things or make the necessary sacrifices.”
I had to agree with him. My mind went to Victor, and I could understand what Simon meant. How can you fight someone like that when all things are equal, except a willingness to hurt and use the innocent? It made me wonder if I would ever be free to find love and happiness with Blake and the rest of my family.
Simon said, “I’ll protect Roc and I know a place where we can get away for a while until we decide what to do.”
“Thank you for that. One more thing, do you know a vampire I can hire for extra protection?”
He passed me a business card with a New Orleans address. I wondered how to spring this on Blake. Everyone at home would know if a vampire was staying with us, but I had no choice. The family would need the extra protection and I would see him before I left this city.
We said our goodbyes and I gave Simon my contact information even though Roc already had it. He promised to keep in touch. I had to get back to Blake before he sent someone in to rescue me. More wolves in a vamp bar would be a very bad idea.
I left and got in the SUV. Blake asked, “How did it go?”
“I think we have an ally. He will watch out for Roc and also help if we need him to. He fought the forgotten ones with the last white wolf.”
“He is old, then. Only a handful of supernatural beings from that time are still alive now.”
We drove to the hotel in silence, both caught up in our thoughts and we arrived in no time. I decided our only night in New Orleans, would be all about honesty. It was time to tell Blake everything I had held back. To hell with the consequences, to hell with waiting for him to say it first. Before I went to sleep tonight, he would know how I felt about him, and I would just deal with whatever came next. We went up to our room and as soon as the door closed, he pulled me into his arms. “Have I ever told you that a woman in leather really turns me on?”
“Maybe I should wear it all the time?”
“Maybe you should be wearing nothing at all?”
We both undressed in seconds, and he pulled me back into his arms. He whispered sweet words in my ear and then kissed me until I was breathless. No one had ever been able to drive me so wild with so little effort. Blake was truly my perfect mate. The only one that had ever or could ever take me to our own private paradise. He pulled me to the bed, all the while kissing, stroking, and building the passion until it reached epic heights before he slid on top of me but stopped to just look into my eyes. I could feel every inch of his body pressed against me as we lay there unable to pull our eyes away or move. He worshipped me with his eyes. It was a look so erotic, I would have blushed if I wasn’t already so full of heat that I was burning up.
Now, he started to move against me, sliding his hot skin over mine. He continued to amaze me with the heights of pleasure he could take me to. The pleasure, the pressure, and the need for more, just continued to build until it burst, taking both of us to that special place, to that intense and indescribable piece of heaven. Wave after wave of bliss washed over us until it was hard to catch my breath.
I finally came back to myself. He was beside me so I turned to him, and he looked like he wanted to say something, but if I didn’t say what I wanted to quickly, I might never say it at all. “I love you.”
He had said it at the same time I did, but I felt the need to hear it again to be sure. “What did you say?”
Blake repeated it. “I love you.”
I so longed to hear that. He had made my life perfect. There was just one more thing to share with him.
“Blake, we are going to have a child.”
He pulled me into his arms kissing me tenderly. “When? Are you sure?”
“I’m sure. I got the results from the doctor just before we left. He thinks sometime in October.”
“You have made me so happy.” He couldn’t stop smiling and I was glad he could forget, even if only for a little while, that we were surrounded by danger. I decided to forget for a little while, too. All I wanted was to enjoy this sexy, incredible male for now and I would let the future take care of itself.
Look for the next book in this series, The Second Son.

We find out more about Ariel and continue follow her struggle to prevent anyone from taking advantage of her family. Matt is faced with the decision to pursue Sally or let another wolf sweep her away. Will he make the decision knowing he will have to become a werewolf, or will he let her go forever? What are the council’s plans for Matt, and can he prevent them from taking over his life? What will Ariel’s baby be, and will she manage to keep the baby safe? The council is watching closely as Ariel’s family tries to keep their secrets. Danny will be forced to make some decisions as well that will change his life. Pack wars, conflicts, spying, and secrecy abound. Anything could happen, but Ariel is determined to ensure the safety of those she loves.
Sign up for all the latest news for Corre Deepe, and Crystal Dawn:

https://www.subscribepage.com/c1j4p4

Sign up for all the latest news for Catty Diva:

https://storyoriginapp.com/giveaways/2392f4da-859a-11ea-8c95-6779ee0f15d0

Connect with the author at:

http://www.facebook.com/pages/Crystal-Dawn/378841472210002

http://crystaldawnauthor.wordpress.com

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94o8Yy0dcEo

https://twitter.com/crystaldawnauth

https://www.facebook.com/groups/217489532086069

https://www.facebook.com/groups/551439408358042

https://www.facebook.com/sciencelove/

If you want to read more books by Crystal Dawn, check out:

Blue Moon Pack Complete Trilogy
Cousins of the Moon Complete Trilogy
Legends of the White Werewolf Series (Complete 12 books)
Keepers of the Land Series (A completed 6 book series)
Frozen Origin Series (Complete 4 books)
Loved by a God series (Complete 6 books)
The Strong Pack (Complete 4 books)
Erotic Fantasies (Complete 6 book Series)
Frozen Origin Quickies 
Planet Amazon Series
The Southwest Illinois Pack Series
The Wilde Pack series
The Red Wolf Series
Frozen Origin Demons
Winged Beast Series (Complete
Witches of Ulyss Series
Supernatural War Series
Sentinels and Spies series

Catty Diva series:

The Mating Games (Complete 10 book series)
Moon Hunters Inc. (Complete 10 book series)
Phoenix in Flames (Complete 10 book series)

The Warriors of the Vinii

by Corre Deepe

Book 1

Xanterie

Can a bad day turn your life around?
Crash landing on Earth seemed the worst thing that could happen to Xan, his crew and their battered ship. It was only the beginning. After nearly freezing to death, Xan’s savior, in the form of a little Earth female is driving him crazy. He doesn’t want to want her, but he can’t seem to help it. Edie wonders if she’s gone crazy when she wakes up looking into the glowing red eyes of a naked, not quite human male. He seems determined to keep her with him, but she’s just as determined to go.

Frozen Origin

Book 1

Zeus

He is the leader of the gods. No, not the Greek gods of ancient times that they are named for, but the god line of genetically manipulated beings said to be so much more than men. They’ve been imprisoned by Origin, the company that created them, all their lives, but now they have a chance to be free.
She leads the team that has come to free them. She and her team always come in first and leave first on every mission, which is a good thing because she is drawn to the gorgeous god. She needs to leave to get on with her life and the career she loves.
She doesn’t want to settle down; he is unwilling to settle for anything less. When they are thrown together fighting Origin and secrets are revealed, will it bring them closer together or place insurmountable obstacles in their path?

The Mating Games
By Catty Diva
Book 1
Razar

Razar needs a mate, but on his planet, there are nine males to one female. Humans look like they are compatible, but if they find out the secrets of his kind, they will refuse to send them mates.
Lista needs money for her mother's operation or she will die. Her sister has volunteered her to be a bride for an alien. If she wins the mating game, she will be free to keep the money and return home. 
Can she outwit him, or will he claim her heart before it's game over?

Red Wolf
Book 1
Reese

Reese is the biggest bad ass in town, and he's feared and respected by one and all. Females fall all over him and he takes what they offer and walks away with no feelings involved. It's all good for him until his eyes fall on the lovely Megan. One sniff and he knows he must have her. What she does, stuns him. She runs from him as fast as she can.
Megan is sweet and the adopted daughter of the Alpha. All her life she has been warned to avoid the overseer who, equal to the Alpha, helps run the pack town they live in. Her whole life changes the day she runs into Reese. She has to escape him because everyone knows what a bad boy he is.

Keepers of the Land
Book 1
The McDougal Pack Alpha

This series is a complete six book series so once you start, you can read it all.
He's a McDougal and they don't fail at anything, but this white wolf thrust into his lap has him 
worried. Will he fail when it matters more than ever?
She's about had enough of the Werewolf Council, pushed from one Alpha to the next, but at least this one is easy on the eyes. He has a gentle touch that makes her want to stay.
Can they overcome everything life and rogues throw at them to make a life together, or does fate have a twist for them they can't get over?

The Strong Pack
Book 3
Judah

He found her alone and he made a beeline for her. She had been driving him crazy for a few weeks now and he had come up with a plan to finally be free of the desperate need he felt whenever he saw or even thought about her. She was leaned up against the wall on the porch just looking out at the darkness surrounding them. She clearly had something on her mind and hadn’t noticed his approach.
Mal looked up, finally noticing him now that he was nearly upon her. Just proof as far as he was concerned of why white wolves were inferior wolves, but he wanted her anyway.
He surged forward, his hands landing on either side of her head boxing her in. He leaned in close, close enough to place his nose where her neck met her shoulder and he inhaled long and deep. He growled, her scent was amazing, it drove his want higher. He pulled back and this time he moved in lips first. She just stared at him as if amazed he dared. Oh, but he did, and this wasn’t all he longed to do. He brushed his lips over hers lightly, but it wasn’t enough. He wondered if it ever would be, but he had to be cured of this yearning. He moved in for a kiss that would seal his fate and let her know what he wanted from her. He kissed her with the desire that had rode him hard since the second he had seen her. He claimed her lips with an enthusiasm that couldn’t be faked or matched. He pulled back, his heart beating like a drum, his breath in uncontrolled pants.
“Let’s fuck this wanting out of our bodies so we can be free of each other,” he whispered.
He wasn’t prepared for the response he received. Her eyes darkened to black which fascinated him and maybe he would have expected what she did had he not been busy staring into those incredible eyes. She punched him on his jaw so hard he moved back at least two feet. He could see the anger that she literally shook with as her look seemed to freeze him in place.
“Don’t come near me again,” she said her voice hard as steel. He stood there staring after her stunned and wondering where he had gone wrong. As for staying away, that was never going to happen.

Cousins of the Moon
Book 3
Frankie’s Forever

Alex thought he was above the need to mate. He had avoided it for centuries because he was smarter than the other males. This would just be a passing thing like all the rest had been. Frankie was just another attractive white wolf and once he’d had her, her hold on him would wane. It might even be because she resisted the need he knew she felt as much as he did, that made her so much more desirable than any other.
Frankie just wanted to smack the arrogant vampire across his superior attitude. She giggled at her joke, she just needed to stay far away from him. He had made it clear what he wanted, all he wanted was some sexual relief. She wasn’t promiscuous and she didn’t have short term affairs. She wanted more than just a fleeting sexual conquest, her feelings had to be involved before she could enjoy an intimate experience. If her feelings were ever engaged with Alex, he would tear her heart out of her chest and stomp on it without even thinking about it.
Would their relationship be heart felt or heartache? They were so alike yet so different, could they become two halves of one whole? Or would one half tear the other apart?

Southwest Pack

Book 2

Dare Me

Will and Dare drove each other crazy. How could they ever make things work? They were both too alpha to give up control and now Nicky was thrown in the mix. Was he intended to be their mate?
Dare’s brother and Will’s sister were in a trimating, but those were so rare. Was it possible they would have one too?
Chasing Chief was enough to deal with but the passion that grew between them was so hard to ignore. Should they just give in and hope that would calm their primitive side? What if they gave in and the passion just grew? The passion ran so hot, it could blow at any time. Will didn’t want to settle down yet, Dare wanted a mate but not a male one, and Nicky had had a mate and never wanted to be that vulnerable again. They each had issues, but could they work them out together?

White Wolf books reading order as written Book name followed by series it’s in publishing order:
The Forgotten Ones, Legend of the White Werewolf
The McDougal Pack Alpha. Keepers of the Land
The Second Son, Legend of the White Werewolf
Evry Night, The Cousins of the Moon
Too Blue, Blue Moon Pack Series
A Council Alpha, Keepers of the Land
Nigel and Bekka, Legend of the White Werewolf
Jericho, The Strong Pack
Caged In, Keepers of the Land
The Prodigal Son, Legend of the White Werewolf
Wilde Alpha, Wilde Pack
Darlin’ Clementine, Keepers of the Land
Falling Rain, Southwest Illinois Pack (ménage)
A Chance for Helena, Cousins of the Moon
Drake’s Desire, Legend of the White Werewolf
Aristotle, The Strong Pack
Crazy for Carly, The Keepers of the Land
Cole’s Comfort, The Keepers of the Land Series
Reese, The Red Wolf not a white werewolf book but set in that world
Boomer’s Beauty, Legend of the White Werewolf
Imogene, White Wolf Matriarchs
Zorth, Witch Way
Cassandra, White Wolf Matriarchs
Sunny, Blue Moon Pack (ménage)
Milton (Legend)
Juan (Juarez Pack book 1) 
Masked Desire, The Erotic Fantasies Series
Dare Me (SW Illinois pack)
Cassandra (White Wolf Matriarchs)
Tanya, Wild White Wolves series
Judah (Strong pack)
Lucille (White Wolf Matriarchs last book)
Frankie’s Forever (Cousins of the Moon last book)
His Harpy (Legend of the White Werewolf)
Wilde Carde Wilde Alpha 2
Secret Desire, The Erotic Fantasies Series
Zorth, Witch Way series
The Doctor and the Daughter, Legend of the White Werewolf
Stanley, Red Wolf series
Bad to the Bone, Wolf Investigations and Securities Inc.
Hidden Desire, The Erotic Fantasies Series
Max, Wild White Wolves series
Sebastian, Big Cats series
Titus, Big Cats series
Dirty Deeds, Tulsa OK pack
Rampaging Desire, The Erotic Fantasies Series
Sealed with a Kiss, Legend of the White Werewolf
Blazing Desire, The Erotic Fantasies Series
Ciaro, Big Cats series
Indecent Proposal (This one goes back in time a lot) The Lost White Wolves
Christmas with the Pack, A Wolfish Holiday Book 1
A French Kiss, Legend of the White Werewolf
A Valentine’s Day to Remember, A Wolfish Holiday Book 1)
Bad Habit, Wolf Investigations and Securities Inc.
Kaleb, Strong pack
Azrael, Big Cats series
Taming Desire, The Erotic Fantasies Series
Alyssa, Sentinels and Spies
Chandra’s Champion, Legend of the White Werewolf 
Channing, Big Cat series 
Kord, Supernatural Lawmen
March, Red Wolf series
Lincoln, The Big Cat series
The Devil She Loves, Supernatural Lovers
Jesus, The Juarez Pack 
Bad Seed, Wolf Investigations and Securities Inc.
Yarrow, Witch Way
James, Big Cats
Toni, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Erica, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Ellie, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Michael, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Vinnie, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Janice, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Adrian, NW North Dakota Pack
Susan, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Valerie, The Children of the White Wolf Matriarchs
Seth, Big Cats
Ethel, The White Wolf Grandma’s Club
Joe, Red Wolf
Dirty Shame, The Tulsa Pack
