THE SEA OF HER
The Sea of Her — Book One



Lynn Robin
THE SEA OF HER
The Sea of Her — Book One

Copyright (c) 2021 Lynnette Robin Slijkhuis

Cover and interior design: (c) 2021 Kimberly Jolanda

ISBN: 9781005057572

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission of the author.

www.lynnrobin.com

Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Epilogue

Upcoming Releases
The Waves of Him

About Lynn Robin
Connect with Lynn Robin
Books by Lynn Robin
Prologue
She feels cold.
Lost.
Loveless.
Thunder rumbles in the distance, clouds swirl overhead, the ocean’s waves tug at her dress, at her limbs, restless, hungry.
Cold.
The water is cold, as cold as she feels inside. Iciness bites into her skin, but it also wraps itself around her heart, whose pounding rhythm seems just out of step, as if it doesn’t know anymore which way to go.
Lost.
And whenever a heart gets lost, the rest of you gets lost as well. It’s not merely so that she doesn’t know where to go anymore, it’s not that she doesn’t know where she is—for she knows this sea she’s standing in all too well, even now when the storm is gaining and churning in its depths. No, she feels like she has actually lost herself, because there are too many secrets and therefore too many lies, and she is a feather floating on the wind, a feather wishing for someone to catch her and keep her close, because she doesn’t know for how much longer she can drift on like this, in solitude and fear.
Loveless.
She’s alone, she’s scared—yes, she can admit that, is brave enough to do so, even though it makes her feel weak and brittle—because all the love she’s ever known resulted in death, betrayal, and then, betrayal once more.
No one should be without love.
Without its safety. Without its protection. Without its warmth.
All she wants is a pair of arms to keep her safe from the darkness of her future, which is staring back at her from a distance in the form of a castle rising out of the ocean, enshrouded by mist and swirling clouds.
All she wants is a body to guard her against the destiny she can’t outrun by herself any longer, someone to shield her from that final blow she knows will break her forever.
All she wants is another soul to keep her warm with promises that aren’t based on lies, with love that is real and not based on gaining power.
All she wishes for is a savior—
A voice behind her says her name.
Her breath catches and her eyes widen, but she doesn’t turn around, she only stares ahead at the advancing storm, trembling all over because there is an even worse storm now behind her.
A storm of emotions.
Of lies and betrayal exposed by truth.
She should run. But she can’t, because she cannot unhear the ache in that voice, the pleading, the wanting, the need, the craving.
The voice is closer now.
Then, two strong arms come around her and air gets caught in her throat when she’s pulled into a hard but warm chest, the arms tightening around her. Aching, pleading, wanting, needing, craving.
His voice slips into her ear: “I had to come back.”
The storm rages around them, but they’re two pillars in the sea, caught in their own hurricane.
His breath brushes her skin: “Please—forgive me.”
Tears gather in her eyes and then they slip and they pour and they fall.
Like pearls. Pearls of heartache.
His plea shatters the pieces of her heart, causes the sea of her to rise and crash down, drowning her in waves: “Please.”
The Weeper of Pearls
01
Three weeks earlier

The sea is restless tonight.
Leilani can feel it deep inside of her, this strange connection she has had to the ocean for as long as she can remember. Which isn’t that long, only ten years or so—whoever she was before she awoke on this island as a young girl will probably forever be a mystery to her.
She thinks she’s a twenty-year-old woman. She thinks she’s an orphan, since she has no memories of parents, of family. She thinks she must have come from another island, somehow fell into the sea, and that the waves, or perhaps fate, carried her here for some reason.
Yet she doesn’t know anything for sure.
What she does know, however, is this: the ocean is trying to get her attention tonight. She gazes out the window of the restaurant, studying the sea’s azure shade that’s slowly taking on a lilac hue as the sun is setting below the horizon, its waves deceptively calm.
No, the restlessness comes from deep within the ocean, and now the wild waves are reaching and frothing inside Leilani instead, warning her.
As if it knows something is coming.
Or rather, someone.
“Could I have a refill, dear?”
Blinking, Leilani tears her gaze away from the ocean view to find one of her only three customers smiling at her, pointing to his glass. It’s Mr. Kahala, who often comes here with his wife, an elderly couple who have to be in their eighties at least. Wrinkled, gray-haired, and sweet-faced, they are some of the few who still come here to dine ever since Han’s death, the previous owner of restaurant “the Hibiscus”.
Some of the few who do not resent Leilani after finding out about her secret three years ago.
Shaking off her unease, Leilani smiles and retrieves a bottle of red wine from behind the kitchen counter. Making her way over to the Kahalas, she quickly glances around the restaurant to make sure her other customer isn’t wanting for anything: a girl sitting in the back, a young freelance photographer called Hina, with bleached strands in her dark hair, and wearing so many shell necklaces they always click together whenever she moves. Absorbed in the book she’s reading, she absent-mindedly stuffs some seaweed leaves into her mouth.
These three make up tonight’s customers.
The Hibiscus, placed upon a cliff overlooking the beach on one side and the town on the other, used to be a popular restaurant frequented by the locals. Leilani can still clearly recall those days—she also remembers the joy it brought to Han, how bright his eyes looked on busy nights, a white bandana tied around his hair and a towel slung over his narrow shoulder as he sweated over the stove.
He taught Leilani how to cook. He taught her to love this island and its people.
At first, they all loved her back.
Until three years ago.
Until Han died.
Until she exposed her own secret.
Han would be devastated if he knew how empty his restaurant is these days. It’s not the first time Leilani thinks this, and it’s also definitely not the first time the thought causes a lump to rise in her throat. She forcefully swallows it down and blinks away the burning sensation in her eyes, smiling at Mr. Kahala as she tips the wine bottle to pour him a new glass—
From the corner of her eye, she catches a disturbance in the fish tank in the heart of the restaurant, as if the fish have been startled by something.
Then, the doors fly open and a cool sea breeze breathes against her skin.
Leilani stiffens, the wine bottle clutched between her hands, her mouth dry, her heart skipping a beat.
Mr. and Mrs. Kahala’s eyes have widened.
Hina glances up from her book and stops chewing.
Slowly, Leilani turns around, lowering the bottle down on the wooden table. Yes, the sea had already been trying to warn her tonight. For them:
She takes in the young men now standing in the entrance.
They’re seemingly in their mid-twenties; seemingly, for their appearance hasn’t changed in decades, Leilani’s been told. Bronze-skinned and black-haired, both of them tall, dressed in identical clothes: long, marine-blue coats that nearly reach the ground, embroidered with tiny silver starfish, and loose pants. The one on the right wears his coat buttoned up to his chin and his hair pulled back in a bun atop his head; the other one lets his coat hang open and has his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, exposing thin but toned forearms. His long hair falls in wild waves over his shoulders. They look identical, yet are night and day.
Akamai and Haku.
Everyone’s greatest fear.
The rulers of Hibiscus Island.
Also known as the Twins.
Leilani has been told they simply arrived here one day, about sixty years ago, two young men from one of the neighboring Crown Islands, looking for jobs and ending up working on a fisherman’s boat. Then they fell into the sea and were gone for hours.
Everybody thought they had drowned.
But then they emerged from the ocean… changed—and in possession of the mystical Crown, that used to belong to the King of the Ocean.
They were wielding powers no human being should have, and ever since, they have taken control over Hibiscus Island, demanding payment from every shop and restaurant owner, and punishing anyone who makes the mistake of breaking their rules or simply getting in their way.
The Twins are responsible for many deaths.
Like Han’s.
Leilani clenches her fists at her side, curling her fingers into her loose, long skirt. Every few weeks the Twins come barging in, threatening to kill you or your loved ones if you don’t pay up. It’s the reason why some people get desperate and try to stand up against the Twins and fight them, or try to flee from the island.
Every single one of them ends up dead.
Drowned.
Now, Akamai’s lips curl into a falsely pleasant smile as he folds his hands in front of him, glancing around the restaurant. “I have to ask you all to leave,” he says softly, stepping forward. Behind him, Haku’s long, wild hair slides from his shoulders as he jerks his chin up. Akamai’s black gaze locks onto Leilani, running down the length of her body.
A violent shiver tears itself free from her spine.
“We are here,” Akamai continues, “to speak with our bride-to-be. The Weeper of Pearls.”
02
A breathless hush has settled over the restaurant.
I shouldn’t have opened up tonight. Leilani swallows, hard. I felt something wasn’t right.
After all this time, I should have known better.
Still, nobody has moved.
While Akamai’s eyes keep roving over Leilani’s face and body, making her feel sick, Haku turns to the customers. “Leave,” he says, his voice a little deeper than his brother’s. “Now,” he snarls when still no one responds.
Mrs. Kahala gasps softly and hastily reaches for her cane, while her husband takes her arm protectively and starts pulling her away, shooting Leilani an apologetic glance as he shuffles past her. The Twins step aside at the very last moment to let them through, Haku’s gaze burning into their backs.
Hina’s necklaces click and clack as she moves, her book tucked under her arm. Leilani sees she meets Haku’s eye head on, an act of silent rebellion, though only for a moment—a cool ocean breeze slithers into the restaurant, tugging at a strand of hair framing Leilani’s cheek before moving on with a hiss, causing Hina to stiffen as if it’s a dark whisper worming its way into her ear, speaking of wicked things.
Pressing her lips together, she lowers her face and hurries past Haku.
He closes the doors of the restaurant, the fabric of his coat straining around his shoulders.
Now alone with the Twins, Leilani forces herself to take a steadying breath. Without a word, she turns around and walks into the open kitchen, retrieving a cotton sack from under the counter.
All the while, she feels the Twins’ eyes on her.
Leilani weighs the sack in her hands for a moment. It is filled with pearls.
The payment for her “freedom”.
Tightening her hold on the sack, she moves to step away from the counter—only to bump into a wide chest.
Akamai smiles down at her, settling his hands on her bare shoulders to steady her as she stumbles back, her heart racing. His fingers are cool and dry, his grip loose yet powerful. His skin is impossibly smooth from up close, his eyes unsettlingly dark, and his voice a purr: “Don’t be so nervous, Leilani. It doesn’t have to be like this. You do not have to fear us.”
His hands are still on her shoulders.
His eyes cling to her lips, awaiting her answer.
It feels vile, as if his attention is a physical thing that has gotten stuck to her skin—something slimy, something oily, that could seep into her very soul.
It takes every shred of her self-control not to shake off his hands.
“Just take it,” she manages hoarsely, holding up the sack between them.
“Leilani,” he breathes, crinkling his brow and cocking his head slightly. His fingertips brush over her collarbones, then slowly start to trace them as he tightens his grip, his thumbs making their way toward the hollow of her throat. “If you’d just stay with us, we wouldn’t have to come to collect our due payment. If you’d just agree to marry us, no more threats would be needed.
“Why don’t you consider our offer? Hmm?” His hands travel up as he brushes the sides of her neck with the backs of his fingers.
Leilani grows rigid under the sensual touches.
So deceptively soft.
She remembers their “offer” all too well.
“Just, for starters, come live with us for a few days in our castle,” Akamai now reminds her unnecessarily, “and allow us to show you… how kind we can be.” He steps closer to her; her stomach twists. “Don’t you want some kindness, Leilani? The island’s entire population shuns you. That must make you feel terribly lonely.”
Leilani stares at his chest, studying the shiny buttons of his coat while keeping her expression in check. Lonely. Yes, she is lonely. But she will never admit that to the Twins.
Akamai leans in and his cheek brushes hers while his breath caresses her ear as he whispers: “Surely, a girl your age has certain… wants and needs. Don’t you?” he adds, moving so close his teeth graze the shell of her ear.
A shiver crawls down her spine and this time, she can’t suppress it—her breath hitches.
He pulls back and looks down at her, smiling as he cups the back of her head with his hand. “I promise you,” he says softly, “I am gentler than my brother.”
As Haku breathes out a chuckle, Leilani’s gaze sweeps to the side.
The other brother smirks at her.
Her heart pounding, she turns back to Akamai and wordlessly holds up the cotton sack filled with pearls again.
His eyes narrow briefly, but then he steps away from her and accepts it. He opens it nonchalantly, checking the contents, while the creaking of the floorboards pulls Leilani’s attention back to Haku. He’s looking around the restaurant, and Leilani can’t help but do the same, taking it all in:
The natural wooden tables, the wooden stools—although those have all been painted in various pastel colors, such as reds, blues, pinks, and purples; she can easily recall her and Han’s laughter as they dyed them—, the wreathes of cotton hibiscus flowers hanging on the walls, the framed paintings of colorful ocean creatures, the photographs of better times, the starfish sculpted from wood suspended from the ceiling on strings like a constellation, the large fish tank in the middle of it all.
“Why do you still bother with this?” Haku asks, frowning. “The place is practically empty. It doesn’t earn you anything. Not,” he continues, lazily striding over to her and leaning against the counter, “that you actually need to earn a thing. After all, your tears are priceless.”
It is true—literally true.
It is one of the reasons she doubts anything she thinks she knows about herself is accurate; no normal person should have the gift she has.
The gift that turns her tears into pearls, the very currency used on the Crown Islands.
It is why the people here resent her. She could cry enough pearls for everyone to be able to pay the Twins—but the thing is, she doesn’t share her pearls with anyone.
For a reason, though. For their own good.
But they refuse to believe her and prefer to treat her like a traitor instead.
Haku lifts his hand and strokes Leilani’s cheek, as if brushing away a tear. She can still feel Akamai’s touch lingering on her skin, coating her with filth that may or may not be all in her mind—so when Haku’s finger runs down the side of her face like a velvety snake, she recoils from him before she can stop herself.
She immediately knows it’s a mistake.
Haku’s hand freezes mid-air. He stares at her.
His gaze darkens.
The sound of water sloshing and lapping against glass makes Leilani glance over her shoulder, and her pulse quickens when she finds the water in the tank starting to swirl and the fish shooting in each and every direction, desperate to outswim the sudden disturbance.
“Control yourself, brother,” Akamai says quietly.
Haku scowls and then he’s right in front of Leilani, bracing his hands against the counter, caging her between his arms. “You,” he hisses, “will become our Bride, no matter how long you keep pushing off the wedding.”
She can’t speak. Her heart is racing.
The only reason they can’t force her to marry them, is because the Crown’s power will abandon the brothers, according to the stories, if she doesn’t give herself willingly. The old tales all claim the same; whenever his last, beloved wife died, the immortal King of the Ocean chose a new Bride, always a young mortal woman from one of the islands… but she had to choose to accept him in turn.
All the Twins really want to marry Leilani for is her pearls.
She won’t ever agree to it.
Yet, she suddenly isn’t so sure it will protect her from their other wants much longer—Leilani’s breath catches when Haku grabs her arm and yanks her closer, until their noses nearly touch and their breaths mingle.
Behind him, Akamai hangs back and watches, casually picking a pearl out of the sack and rolling it between his thumb and forefinger.
Water bubbles and spills, splashing onto the floor.
Leilani wants to turn and look, but Haku grabs her shoulders and then already spins her around so she’s facing the fish tank in the heart of the restaurant. He wraps an arm around her, braced against her throat as he pulls her close, forcing her to watch as the water spills from the tank, from under the lid.
Somehow, the water turns into a wave that rushes through the restaurant, shoving aside tables and chairs, slamming against the walls and shaking the paintings and framed photos. Water gathers around Leilani’s ankles, and still, it is rising, sliding up her calves like cool fingers climbing up her legs and lifting her skirt.
“I could easily fill this whole place from floor to ceiling,” Haku pants in her ear.
There is a pounding in her throat and fear turns her blood to ice as she watches the chairs starting to float every which way, as she sees the fish swimming around frantically while the water level in the tank lowers and lowers; soon, they’ll be gasping for air.
The fear makes her feel cold—but there’s something else, something kindling inside her at seeing the restaurant getting destroyed, something hot, something raw.
Her voice trembles, but her words are steady: “If you drown me, I won’t ever be able to become your wife.”
Haku slowly leans away and grabs her chin, turning her face toward him. He raises an eyebrow in challenge—
“Enough, Haku,” Akamai says calmly.
But he doesn’t let go, his fingers tightening around Leilani’s chin. A muscle in her neck strains as he keeps forcing her to look at him. “There is no way off this island for you,” he whispers. “It is pointless to fight us.”
Leilani doesn’t say anything.
She nervously glances at the rising water from the corner of her eye. It’s already past her knees now. If Haku doesn’t stop, if he’d really try to drown her… it would expose her other secret.
They already know she can cry pearls.
She doesn’t need them to find out the rest of her.
“Brother,” Akamai murmurs.
A muscle in Haku’s jaw ticks. But Leilani can feel the water beginning to recede, faster even than it rose. Soon, it’s down to her ankles, and it’s only her drenched skirt that now clings to her legs. Tables have been knocked into each other. Chairs are scattered. The fish are restless but settling down.
All that’s left are puddles on the floor.
Haku releases her and steps away, tugging at his jacket’s open collar to straighten it. He exchanges a glance with Akamai, who steps around the kitchen counter and makes his way through the chaos of furniture. As he walks over to the doors, silently followed by Haku, he holds up the sack with pearls. “We’ll meet again soon, Leilani.” His other hand rests on the doorknob as he looks at her. “But, really…” He sighs. “You should stop wasting our time as well as your own and just agree to the marriage.
“If you wait any longer, my dear,” he adds, “I might have to come back on my promise of treating you gently.”
He smiles politely at her. Haku smirks.
Exhaling a shuddering sigh, Leilani watches the Twins leave the restaurant like a violent wave pulling back.
Only to return with even more force the next time.
03
Mopping up the puddles on the floor, Leilani can’t stop glancing at the doors, fearing they’ll swing open again any moment, before letting her eyes wander back to the fish tank. She has refilled it and first spent nearly an hour with her hands in the water, carefully caressing the fish that flocked around her, rubbing their smooth, scaled bodies against her fingers, reassured by her touch.
“I’m sorry,” she kept whispering to them. “I’m so sorry.”
And she was certain they could understand her.
Her inexplicable connection to the ocean stretches to its creatures as well. Just as she can sense the restlessness of the water during storms, tonight she was able to sense the fear in the brightly colored fish, so helpless against the violence of the Twins.
As far as her memories go, Leilani’s mood has always been a fickle thing. She can stare at the ocean and be overcome by a wave of despair and bone-deep sorrow, that can make her cry for hours on straight. And yet, sometimes, she can also be overfilled with a joy that makes her feel like she’s floating.
It makes her wonder what truly lives in the depths of the sea surrounding the island. Whether that mystical life force truly vanished when the Twins stole the Crown.
Or perhaps she’s simply mad and looking for explanations, while in truth it is just her own warped mind.
“You’re not crazy,” she remembers Han telling her one day, holding her as she wept, unable to stop, unable to understand where her sorrow had come from that tore the sobs from her chest. “The ocean is alive; a breathing creature all on its own. And the sea has sent you to this island as a present, as a beacon of hope for us all—so why shouldn’t you be able to feel its emotions? You’re not mad, Leilani. You’re just a sensitive person—and I genuinely believe those are the strongest of us all.”
Leilani. Only Han could say her name with such warmth, such fatherly affection.
After all, he was the one who found her unconscious on the beach one morning, a young girl with no memories of where she came from. She didn’t even have a name. But Han gave one to her.
Leilani.
She can still recall his voice as if he’s standing right next to her, grinning cheekily after he’d concocted yet another new recipe and wanted her to taste it.
Leilani’s motions slow down until she’s just staring at the mop in her hands, the floorboards still damp beneath her bare feet. The lamps suspended from the ceiling drench the restaurant in soft lighting—which is just enough to study the framed photos on the wall by from where she’s standing.
Han’s frozen face smiles back at her, widely and seemingly without a care in the world, wearing a white bandana, his thin arms folded across his chest as he stands before the restaurant on a sunny day, his lanky body relaxed.
Next to it is another photo, this one of him and her together. Both of them had warm brown eyes and almost the exact shade of fairly pale skin, as well as the same thick, straight, black hair. Some people used to think she was his daughter by blood. They treated her as such, with kindness and love. Back then, they didn’t care she had somehow reached this island while that should’ve been impossible; they didn’t care she was an enigma.
Her attention drifts to several group photos. Some are from back when Han was starting up his restaurant. Others are more recent and she easily spots herself in them.
To belong somewhere had made her feel happy and warm.
But she doesn’t belong anywhere anymore. Not since Han died and they all blamed her for it. As well as the endless misery that has followed since.
Her sight turns hazy, transforming the photos into the faraway dreams they are—memories lost to an ocean of sorrow—and she tries to swallow down the lump in her throat as she thrusts the mop into the bucket with a loud clang, feeling too tired, her arms too heavy to do anything more.
It all feels so pointless.
The restaurant is already lost.
She is lost.
As she climbs up the stairs, she tries to force back the tears and ignore the sharpness in the back of her throat—yet, her tears still slip from the corners of her eyes, spilling down her cheeks and chin, moist and salty at first, until they fall and transform. She hears the soft, thudding noises on the steps; shiny, perfectly round pearls roll away from her, down and down the stairs.
She ignores them and keeps on walking, dragging herself past several rooms until she reaches the last one; her bedroom, a place that used to feel like her very own sanctuary. Now, however, it is just a void. Empty space surrounded by walls. She barely notices the trinkets she’s collected over the years, doesn’t care anymore about the peach-colored walls, the shade Han let her choose herself before he painted them, while forgetting to cover her bed with sheets before getting to work—the paint splats are still visible on the wooden frame.
She doesn’t see those anymore either.
Or rather, she chooses not to. In this home, a memory clings to every single thing. And memories bring nothing but pain when your present is empty and hollow and dark.
Trying to get her breathing under control and not give in to the sobs tearing their way out of her chest, she shakily sinks down onto the chair at her desk, biting down on her lower lip and blinking rapidly to clear her vision as she looks out the window, the curtains billowing lazily in the breeze.
From her room, she has a wide view overlooking the town. She lets her gaze drift over the houses and streets—the houses mostly made from wood and some painted in soft pastels, the streets a mosaic of white and pale brown stone—until her eyes focus on the town square in the heart of it all.
As well as the castle looming at the edge of it.
The Little Shell Castle, it is called. There’s nothing “little” about it, except that it’s noticeably smaller than the Twins’ other castle that rises from the sea, always surrounded by a shroud of mist, even during a clear, sunny day.
Her gaze quickly drifts away from the structure, not wanting to look at the dreaded thing, and instead she stares at the statue in the middle of the square. It looks small from here, but it’s twice Leilani’s height if she’d stand next to it.
The statue is older than the castle.
Older than the Twins.
Older than anyone can remember.
It depicts a jellyfish, a manta ray, a turtle, and a whale, all swirling around a tall man wearing a large, three-pointed crown.
The King of the Ocean and his faithful servants.
The jellyfish is called Kaholo, the manta ray Ori, the turtle Luana, and the whale is known as Maleah. The four of them make up the legendary Ocean Spirits, destined to serve the King.
Apparently, the King used to be the great protector of the Crown Islands… that is, until his Crown was stolen all these years ago and he became weak and trapped at the bottom of the sea.
Only a mere touch is needed, all the stories say, for another soul to claim the Crown and for the Crown to switch allegiance. Just the brush of a fingertip, and the ocean’s powers will be stripped from its bearer instantly and transferred to its new master.
That’s exactly how the King fell, and how two new Kings were born.
People used to invoke the true King’s help and protection in the old days by throwing a message in a bottle into the sea, their pleas and wishes scribbled on pieces of paper. The Ocean Spirits would bring those messages to the King, and then he’d rise from the waves to come to your aid.
He hasn’t responded once since the Crown got stolen, they say.
Full of childish hope and fascination, Leilani even tried it herself once when she was younger. Then later, in a moment of desperation, after Han’s death, she sent out a second letter.
It proved to be useless.
Both her pleas went unanswered.
And yet. Something keeps tugging at her every time she thinks about it.
“I think the King sent you,” Han used to tell her when she was younger. “He brought you to us in order to give us hope. Maybe one of your messages would awaken him,” he added with a laugh, tapping the tip of her nose.
Laughing. He was always laughing. But there was something grave in his eyes whenever he said that. As if he’d truly believed it.
Her exhales shudder as she keeps staring at the statue in the distance. Han made her believe that her connection to the ocean was important and sacred; he made her feel like the King was truly out there, slowly healing until he’d one day be strong enough to leave the ocean and avenge himself.
A fairytale. That’s all it is.
Her eyes sting.
She is a prisoner. Of this island. Of Akamai and Haku, ever since they claimed her and ruined her life. She will never be able to leave, not as long as they reign. But she can’t fight them—all she can do is cry pearls.
Which is the very reason the Twins want her, and the people hate her.
She needs help. She can’t… can’t do this anymore. She doesn’t have the energy to prolong this violent game, she doesn’t have the strength to live on in fear and solitude much longer, without even a shimmer of hope in the distance.
Leilani sucks in a breath.
Then she snatches a sheet of paper lying on a pile on the corner of her desk, grabs a pen and starts writing feverishly, the words pouring out of her, all of her emotions—all of them dark and twisting together into a tangle of pain—flooding onto the paper:

“King,

Ten years ago, I asked you to save this island and the people from the reign of the Twins. You ignored me then. Three years ago, I begged you to do so again.
Now I am writing to you once more. And this time, I am not begging for anything. I am done begging.
I need you to come here.
I feel lonely. I feel cold. I feel scared.
Maybe you think I’m weak for saying this.
But I just need you to come here, to leave the sea, and…”

She hesitates. Then writes: “And save me.”
04
Save me.
The wind tugs at her hair, blowing strands across her face as she kicks off her sandals in the sand and then comes to a stumbling halt in the surf, the water lapping at her ankles. Overhead, the seagulls cry out and spread their wings, making sharp turns as they change direction. Could they leave, if they wanted to? Or are they also prisoners of this island, and are their cries really just pleas for help?
Save me, they might be calling out.
The thought helps. It makes her feel less pathetic. Leilani has read plenty of books about powerful heroes who refuse to sit tight and wait for a savior to sweep them off their feet—it made her believe, for a while, that fighting was always the best answer.
But fighting against the Twins only means a sure death.
And while this life isn’t a life at all, she’s not willing to die either.
Strange, how desperately a soul clings to a beating heart, no matter how tired and weary that heart may be.
Leilani tightens her hold on the corked bottle in her hand; she’d rolled up her letter and slid it inside.
Now, slowly, she lifts her hand.
Strands of her hair swirl in front of her eyes, yet she can make out the silhouette rising from the ocean in the distance: The Great Shell Castle, the true home of the Twins. It suggests a structure with thin, spiraling towers, sometimes even a glimpse of light from the windows can be caught, but the building is forever swallowed by mist and shadows.
No one has ever come near the castle—at least no one who made it back alive.
Fleeing the island by sea is impossible. Leilani can’t see them now, but apparently if one crosses a certain line, the Twins’ malevolent sea creatures will rise from the water and block your path.
And drown you, if you refuse to turn around. If you try to fight.
People have tried. The stories are true.
Fighting is not an option. All anyone can do is wish and beg to be saved.
Save me. Leilani raises her arm up higher.
“Save me,” she whispers—and flings the bottle into the sea.
The momentum makes her stumble forward a few steps, and shells dig into her bare feet. She watches the bottle fall into the water and then be swallowed by the waves. It reappears for just a moment before it’s dragged down again, vanishing from sight completely.
She exhales shakily, the wind gaining in strength and the ocean moving restlessly around her. When one seagull cries out louder than the others, she glances up at the dark sky.
It’s almost as if the bird is trying to warn her. To remind her.
After all, it will be midnight in less than an hour.
Which is when everyone makes sure their windows and doors are closed; which is when the Twins’ creatures haunt the streets, leaving trails of water and trembling limbs in their wake.
No, this night isn’t over yet.

• • •

She wishes she could just curl up in bed and go to sleep—but even without trying, she already knows that as soon as she’d close her eyes, her mind will conjure the faces of Akamai and Haku, their words and threats and dark promises will echo in her ears, and her skin will remember their touch.
In the dim lighting of the restaurant, she’s on her knees at the foot of the stairs, collecting the pearls she cried earlier one by one, putting them in a wooden box inlaid with velvet.
These days, she hates the sight of them.
They symbolize everything that is wrong with her life. They symbolize the Twins.
No one even knows what they truly want all those pearls for; why do they wish to be so wealthy, while they already own everything—and more?
Why are the pearls so important to them?
Leilani has never asked them. Never dared to…—
A noise makes her pause mid-movement, a pearl pinched between her thumb and forefinger, and she holds her breath.
It’s a noise she’s been expecting. Waiting for.
She hears it every single night, as soon as both hands of the clock point to twelve.
It sounds… slimy. Wet. Like water dripping on the ground.
Leilani rises and turns to glance at the clock on the wall. Midnight.
To her right, a dark, blue glow leaks inside through the window—and there it is: a large jellyfish gliding through the air as if through water, emanating strange, dark colors. It leaves a trail of ooze and water on the ground outside, its thin tentacles swirling lazily.
Like a ghost from the ocean.
It pauses in front of the window, as if it can feel her gaze. Leilani stares back, unmoving.
Is it the creature watching her now? Or is it Akamai? Is it Haku?
She never can tell.
Its tentacles are briefly frozen in the air, but then they swirl and whirl, and the creature glides on and out of sight.
Swallowing, Leilani makes her way over to the windows on the other side of the restaurant, from where she can look out over the town—only to find what she expected: more sinister jellyfish gliding through the streets, floating past windows, pausing in front of homes.
Then, a terrible rumble shakes the ground and walls.
It sounds like a groan.
Kitchen utensils jangle and chime, the woodwork starfish suspended from the ceiling shiver, and the fish in the tank startle—even though they should be used to this.
Leilani squeezes her eyes shut before stepping closer to the window, dreading the sight awaiting her, yet also morbidly fascinated. Another groan vibrates through the floor, up into her very bones, and she gazes up. A gigantic shadow soars above the town, veiling everything in darkness, emitting another outstretched groan.
A living whale.
Staring up at its belly, she sees the waterdrops first before she hears them fall, crashing down on the roof, tapping against the windows as it transforms into heavy rain. The leaves of the palm trees sway wildly, and in the distance, the ocean roars.
These creatures roam the island every single night, until, suddenly, they just disappear at daybreak—only to return the next night, like guards on patrol. Some believe they are the Ocean Spirits who served the King, but that they became cursed under the Twins’ rule.
Whatever the truth is… the sight of them fills Leilani with dread and a sorrow too powerful to fight.
These sea creatures are sick.
She can feel their illness, their wrongness—it calls out to her, tugs at her, fills her entire body with heaviness.
And her eyes with tears.
She can’t resist them as they slip down her cheeks, falling to the floor as ivory pearls. She’s been crying for as long as she can remember.
Maybe one day she’ll cry enough to fill the sea and drown this darkness for once and for all.
Yet that would mean she’d be a savior.
While she knows that, in truth, she’s the one who needs to be rescued.
05
Ten years ago, a local man found a young girl on the beach.
She had no memory of who she was. She did not even have a name.
The man took her into his home above his restaurant.
He only realized the girl was special, perhaps not entirely human, when she began to cry—and saw, with his very own eyes, her tears turning to pearls.
At first, he picked them up, speechless and amazed, his face bright with wonder at this miracle before him, the very solution to his problems. But then he looked at the girl again and saw her genuine sorrow. And his heart broke for her.
These pearls could make him a rich man. These pearls could save him from the Twins.
Yet they felt tainted to him.
How could he possibly enjoy wealth born from such sadness and pain?
He collected the pearls and carefully put them away, then brushed the fresh tears from the girl’s cheeks before they could shape themselves into valuable marbles.
“Never,” he said, “let anyone see you cry. Especially not the Twins.”
The man took her in, gave the girl a name, and cared for her as if she were his daughter. He hoped to ease her heartache so she wouldn’t have to cry anymore, yet the tears came day after day.
The pearls that fell—he hid them all and never spent them.
On happier days he taught her how to cook, and the girl eventually made friends, though she always took care to keep her distance.
After all, no one could find out about her secret.
The people of the town loved her, welcomed her with open arms, while the Twins eyed her with suspicion, because they couldn’t figure out where she’d come from.
But she gave the people hope, because they figured that as long as the girl had found a way onto the island, it surely meant there was also a way to get off it… even though she claimed having no memories of how and why she washed ashore.
Although the girl cried often, swept up in the ocean’s grief, she lived a happy life.
It lasted seven years.
One day, the Twins came by. The doors of the restaurant flew open by an unseen force and the man offered them his sack of pearls, swearing it was all he had for them this time.
The Twins were not satisfied.
So, as the sun was setting and all was drenched in violent oranges and reds, they ordered their guards to drag the man to the town square, gathered a crowd, and put on a show to fill them all with dread:
As punishment, they summoned one of their cursed sea creatures. Its thin tentacles swirled in the air before the kneeling man, then it began to glow a vibrant blue that clashed with the sunset—and with that, the man began to cough and doubled over, as his lungs suddenly filled with water.
The girl pushed through the crowd and stumbled onto the town square, begging the Twins to stop, screaming that she had more pearls, many more, if only they’d allow her to get them from the restaurant.
She wanted to save the man.
Back then, she still believed she could be a hero.
The man, lying on the ground and choking on the ocean in his lungs, shot her a look, a warning in his now bulging eyes.
He’d rather have gazed at her with the fatherly love he felt for her during his dying moments, he’d rather have told her to live a happy life, to not cry for him—but death at the hands of the Twins was violent and there was no time for love, no time for parting words.
All he could try was warn her silently.
It was the very last thing he did.
The girl sobbed his name and fell to her knees before him, pushing away the cursed sea creature as she crept closer to her father, grabbing his hand and begging him to come back.
But his eyes were staring and empty.
She had seen the warning in his gaze before—but no warning could guard her against the tidal wave of sorrow that crashed over her then, nothing could stop her from weeping, her shoulders quaking under the weight of a breaking heart.
Tears streamed from her cheeks and pearls rolled over the ground, and a deep hush settled over the crowd.
Her secret was no longer a secret.
The Twins walked up to her with quiet steps. Akamai took the girl’s chin between his fingers, lifting her face up to him as he stared at her tears in wonder and shock. Haku crouched down next to her, picking up a pearl and squeezing it between his fingers as if he were trying to crush it.
“If it were possible,” he said quietly, “we should kill the man all over again for keeping this secret from us.”
The townspeople stared at the girl in confusion.
Some were fascinated.
Some were scared.
Most felt betrayed.
“Han never had to worry,” they said. “The girl is a goldmine!” they hissed, pointing. “He could have helped us all, but kept all this wealth to himself!” they spat.
The girl shook her head, sobbing, and tried to explain that the man had never used her pearls—the pearls he gave to the Twins were all hard-earned.
But nobody listened.
And her words fell to deaf ears especially when the Twins, not many days later, declared that the girl would become their Bride.

• • •

The man had died.
But the girl’s life ended all the same—no matter the fact that she was still breathing.
And weeping.
06
Leilani opens the front doors of the restaurant, and the constant rush of the rain intensifies instantly; the dull noise of waterdrops crashing onto the roof hasn’t let up, even though the sun has risen and the shadowy sea creatures have vanished.
It’s promising—or rather, threatening—to be a stormy day, the air moist yet cool, the blue sky hidden by gray clouds, palm trees bending in the wind. She steps out onto the wooden porch and hurries to pick up the potted plants and bring them safely inside, before the storm can drag them away or steal their leaves and flowers.
She really should’ve done this last night.
Picking up the final one, she pauses to adjust her grip, peering through the sheets of rain and into the distance. The sea has lost its vibrant blue hue and has taken on a murky shade instead, and the sand on the beach is gray rather than white, and…—
She narrows her eyes and takes a step forward.
There is… Someone’s there: a person lying in the sand, in the rain, unmoving. As if washed ashore.
Whoever it is, they still haven’t moved.
Leilani waits for several seconds, watching the figure, expecting to see a limb twitch, at least a sign of life.
Nothing.
Who is that?
Glancing down at the heavy potted plant in her hands, she hastily steps inside and lowers it to the floor, safe and sound, before rising and peering into the distance some more.
Still no movement.
After a final hesitation, she pulls on the single pair of boots she owns—it doesn’t rain often—and shrugs on a jacket before exiting the restaurant, leaving the cover against the rain as she descends the stairs of the porch, and minding her footing as she starts hurrying down the hill toward the beach; there are muddy puddles everywhere, some deeper than they appear to be. She keeps an arm lifted to shield her eyes as the rainfall drenches her clothes. Strands of her hair stick to her face and the wind whistles in her ears.
Once she reaches the beach—fringed by palm trees leaning into the storm—and her boots sink down into wet sand, she’s out of breath and slowing down her pace, until she finally comes to a standstill.
It’s a young man.
Mid-twenties. Maybe older.
His clothes—a dark T-shirt and army-green pants—are soaked, and his black hair, that appears quite long and must reach his shoulders, is plastered to his forehead and neck. A lean, narrow face. Tanned skin. Slim but muscular.
Frowning, Leilani inches forward, then bends over to see it better: the pink scar that runs down his left cheek… and a smaller one above his left eyebrow.
She has never seen him before. He’s not a local from this town. Actually, she’s fairly sure he’s not from this island at all.
And he still isn’t moving.
Blinking the rain from her lashes, she glances at the ocean; the waves are raging, capped with white foam, their roaring even louder than the rain’s. Did he… really wash ashore? But how? The sea creatures should’ve stopped him, wherever he came from. So how…—
She remembers herself standing on this very beach last night.
Flinging a desperate message into the ocean.
Growing still, she turns back to the young man, studying him once more. He seems very human. Not at all like an ancient king from the depths of the sea.
Her gaze falls on an object lying in the sand not far from him; a drawstring backpack. It must be his.
She lowers herself onto her knees in the sand and touches his cheek. “Hello?” she calls, trying to rise above the noise of the rain and the raging waves. “Can you hear me?”
His expression remains slack, his face is relaxed as though he’s asleep. He looks so peaceful; the scars marring his skin seem out of place.
Is he even breathing?
Sweeping her long, wet hair aside, she leans in and lowers her ear to his mouth. Now that she’s so close, she can sense his body heat, but she can’t feel or hear his breath. Carefully moving down, she hesitantly puts her cheek to his chest, listening for a heartbeat—
His body jerks.
The world spins and then her back is slammed to the ground, knocking the air from her lungs. Blinking rapidly, Leilani finds herself pinned to the sand and the man’s body crouched over her, his weight pressing into her.
And their faces mere inches apart.
Gone is the slack expression, replaced by a feral fierceness. Gone is the peacefulness, and now the scars fit perfectly, almost beautifully.
His eyes are wide open, and blue-gray like the sea during a storm.
And just as wild.
Everything has quieted down around her. She barely hears the rain, the wind, the sea—instead she hears his heavy breathing. She barely feels the wetness of the rainfall or the breeze cooling her skin—instead she’s highly aware of every place where their bodies touch, his hips pressed into hers and his strong fingers curled around her wrists as he pins her arms over her head.
His voice is rough and raspy: “Who are you?”
Her lips part slightly, and for a moment she can only stare at the raindrops glistening and sliding down the sharp line of his jaw—until her mind finally catches up with the moment.
“I’m… Leilani,” she manages.
He still breathes heavily, his brow drawn low. His eyes search her face, almost frantically, as if he’s looking for something but can’t find it.
“I—I just found you here,” Leilani continues hurriedly, finally finding the words. “But you didn’t respond, and I thought you weren’t breathing, so—”
His weight suddenly lifts off her and then he staggers away, before crashing back into the sand onto his hands and knees, doubling over and coughing up water.
Pushing up, Leilani watches him with a pounding heart. His broad back is heaving, his sodden shirt clings to his skin and outlines his muscles, the line of his spine. Gasping, he tries to catch his breath.
She moves over to him and reaches out a tentative hand. “Are you—”
His gaze snaps up, and—just as fast—his hand knocks hers away.
She stares back at him, cradling her hand to her chest. He’s looking at her as if he’s ready for a fight, his eyes dark, his expression positively savage.
As if he thinks she wanted to harm him.
What…?
He blinks, falters, then averts his face. “I’m fine,” he grinds out. After looking around he finds his bag, snatches it up, stands, takes a step—
His knees buckle and he crashes back to the ground, coughing.
Leilani rises, trying to keep her motions slow, feeling like she’s trying not to spook an animal. “You need some rest,” she says, raising her voice as a large wave crashes down behind them. “You can come with me. I live over there,” she adds, pointing to the hill. “I could call for a doctor. You nearly drowned—”
“No,” he snaps, jerking his face up to her again, “no doctor.”
Not an animal. A wild beast.
She flinches slightly. “All… All right. Fine,” she recovers. “Then… come with me at least? Just to get your bearings.”
He shakes his head roughly.
“I can’t just leave you here,” she points out, gesturing around them, narrowing her eyes against the rain.
At that, he looks at her again, his gaze hooded, the lines around his mouth tight. The wind shrieks and sheets of rain wash over them, but Leilani doesn’t dare move now that she has his full attention—and he doesn’t break his stare either, on his hands and knees before her, taking her in as if he’s finally truly seeing her.
For some reason, his eyes widen somewhat.
As if he’s surprised.
“Why?” he asks, his voice still rough. “You don’t know me.”
His words make her hesitate. He’s right. He is a stranger. He could be anyone.
Could be dangerous.
But…
“I don’t care,” she says.
He keeps staring at her, as if puzzled. His gaze remains dark and hooded.
Then, he dips his head in a reluctant nod.
Only now does she realize she’d been holding her breath. She nods back and steps toward him, offering a hand.
“My name is Leilani,” she tells him again, when he makes no move to accept it.
His expression doesn’t change.
But then, his fingers wrap around hers. He pulls free as soon as he’s standing, and though his shoulders are slightly rounded and his back somewhat bent, she can tell how tall he is, how powerful his physique, making her feel small.
He winces as he slings his bag over his shoulder, looking down at himself for a moment as if he can’t believe his weakness.
Then those stormy eyes flicker back up to meet hers at last.
“Keanu,” he merely says, barely more than a whisper.
07
She’s never brought a stranger to the restaurant before.
In fact, she has never met a stranger since she lived here.
After telling him to take a seat, she brought him a towel and then gave him a glass of water, which he’s now gulping down eagerly, resting an elbow on the table and keeping his bag close to his feet. It’s almost as if he’s scared it could be snatched away at any moment.
“Would you like some more?” she asks after a hesitation as he sets his empty glass down.
He studies her, his expression unreadable. Then nods.
Taking the glass, she walks to the kitchen counter in the back and runs the tab. She tugs at the collar of her shirt; her clothes are drenched. She really should change, but… When she returns to him, she finds him looking around cautiously, taking in the restaurant—and perhaps, looking at his tight shoulders and guarded eyes, even searching for exits.
“Here.” She sets the glass before him and steps back. Unsure what else to do with her hands, she picks up a cloth and starts wiping the tables, peeking glances at him from the corner of her eye. Now that they’re out of the storm, she finally notices the shell necklace he’s wearing. His bicep flexes as he picks up the glass and takes a few gulps.
He sets it back down abruptly as he catches her gaze.
Leilani quickly averts her face—trying to ignore her burning cheeks because she’s been caught staring. “You’re… not from here, are you?” she asks.
She must’ve wiped this table at least three times by now.
“No,” he says.
Silence.
“Then where are you from? One of the other Crown Islands?”
“Anthurium.”
Hibiscus, Anthurium, and Cosmos—those make up the Crown Islands, all of them named after the local flowers. Leilani has only ever heard of them. Apparently, a long time ago, people used to travel from island to island frequently.
Leilani stops wiping the table and frowns, finding him looking back at her watchfully. “How did you get here?” she asks, shaking her head.
He hesitates. “I was… on a boat. Then a storm came in and I went overboard.” He looks away. “That’s all I remember.”
But the sea creatures… they should’ve drowned you.
She swallows down the words, searches for others. “You didn’t encounter any… big fish?” she asks carefully, watching his face.
It’s like he’s been hewn from stone. “Not that I recall,” he replies, flat.
He’s not telling the truth.
But his voice is so icy, his posture so rigid, that she just nods and hurries over to another table to wipe it clean.
She pauses abruptly when he asks: “This is the island, isn’t it? Ruled by the Twins? Hibiscus,” he adds, low, when she turns to him.
The intensity in his gaze catches her off-guard—because he looks almost hopeful.
Who in their right mind would want to end up here?
“Yes,” she says after a silence, her brow furrowed. “The worst island you could get stranded on.”
His expression shutters, and he breaks off eye-contact, downing the last contents of his glass. Pursing her lips, Leilani once again takes in his stiff posture, his drenched clothes, finally noticing the goosebumps puckering his flesh.
“Would you… like a shower?” she asks, faltering when the sound of her voice immediately makes those wild gray eyes focus on her.
There is chaos in them. Such turmoil, so many things all at once that it’s impossible to pick them apart and give them names. That guarded expression clouding his face becomes even darker, almost as if he thinks this might be a trap, and Leilani finds herself pointing to the ceiling hesitantly. “The bathroom’s upstairs. I might have some dry clothes for you as well. I mean… you must be cold, right?”
He stares at her, unblinking, and outside the storm rages on like a howling ghoul, the rain lashing at the windows and the wind’s shrieks wrapping themselves around the building. Leilani looks back, unconsciously holding her breath. A line appears between his eyebrows, and it’s like he’s trying to figure something out, solve a mystery he can’t wrap his mind around.
Then he finally blinks.
“Thank you,” he says—and somehow the words sound strange slipping off his tongue, as if he’s not used to saying them, a slight lilt of surprise in his voice.
“All right.” Leilani offers him a small smile, still feeling like she’s dealing with a feral animal rather than a man. “Come,” she adds, leaving the cloth on a table and walking over to the stairs. She hears his footsteps coming up behind her as she climbs the wooden steps.
“It’s over here,” she says with a glance over her shoulder, finding him looking around the small apartment above the restaurant, taking in the paneled walls and framed photos, the doors all painted in different pastel colors and leading to different rooms, the small table and flower vase in the corner, the stained-glass lamp suspended from the ceiling depicting turtles and fish.
Pushing open the blue door leading to the bathroom, Leilani flicks on the light and pulls a couple of rolled-up towels from the shelf, putting them next to the sink and near the shower.
“I’ll…” she starts, turning around—
He’s standing much closer than she expected, his eyes wandering through the bathroom one moment, only to fix on her the next. He’s clutching his bag in his hand. Leilani stares back up at him. There’s a dimple in his chin. And his dark eyelashes are quite long.
But that look in his eyes—it remains wild.
Who, exactly, did she invite into her home?
“I’ll get some clothes for you,” she says, recovering, quickly stepping around him and leaving the bathroom.
She swallows and gives a shake with her head as she folds her fingers around the doorknob of Han’s room, hesitating briefly. She barely goes in here. His room hasn’t changed a bit in the past three years. She hardly touched it, hardly moved anything.
Opening the door, she strides over to the wardrobe next to the bed, stripped bare of sheets, without looking at anything too closely. She picks out a pair of jeans and a white T-shirt. Han was much lankier than Keanu, who is noticeably muscular, but his baggy clothes always hung on him anyway—they should fit Keanu well enough.
After a final hesitation she hastily searches the drawers, grabs the first pair of boxer shorts she can find, and then makes her way over to the bathroom before she can think better of it.
Her steps falter.
Broad shoulders. Sculpted muscles. Tanned skin, smooth, except for a scar marring his chest.
Keanu just drops his sodden shirt on the floor, but then stops. His eyes settling on her is like a weight and her heart pounds out an uneven beat.
A silence falls and she can’t stop her gaze from dropping down and then move back up, unsure whether to focus on his scars or simply… well, him.
“I’ve…— Here are some clothes,” she says, her mouth dry.
He reaches for them after a hesitation, and his fingers brush hers.
Her skin tingles.
“Right. I’ll be downstairs.” She nods, turns around and leaves the bathroom without looking back, trying to shake off this feeling she’s trying hard not to dwell on. After a hesitation, she first hurries into her room and changes into some dry clothes, from where she can hear the bathroom door closing. When she’s halfway down the stairs she can hear the shower tabs being twisted open, and when she starts wiping the tables in the restaurant—the same ones again—she listens to the dull rush of running water.
What should she do now?
After finishing up cleaning the tables, she glances out the windows as she makes her way over to the open kitchen. The storm isn’t about to let up any time soon. The palm trees lean sideways, smaller leaves of other trees swirl through the air, and when she looks out another window, she sees several people struggling against the wind in the streets of the town.
After the Twins’ visit last night, she hardly expected to see any customers today. Those who still come are very loyal, but they’re wise enough to stay away when they should. Now with this storm raging about, she’s pretty certain the restaurant will be quiet.
Possibly a good thing, with a stranger here. No one should find out about him. For his own safety. Whoever he is and however he came here.
Leaning a hand on the counter, Leilani looks over the grocery list she’d made yesterday. That’ll have to wait until tomorrow. The market won’t be open anyway in such weather.
And she can’t very well leave with him here.
She needs to keep her hands busy, so she starts cleaning up all she hadn’t the energy for last night, scrubbing pots and pans, plates and glasses.
About fifteen minutes later, with her back turned to the restaurant, she only realizes the shower is no longer running when she hears the stairs creak softly.
Keanu pauses at the bottom step, meeting her eye.
He’s barefooted and wearing the clothes she’s given him. They actually fit him better than they ever did Han; the shirt might be a bit tight, but it only compliments the broadness of his shoulders. The white fabric contrasts with his tanned skin and somehow deepens the shade of his eyes, and for a moment Leilani’s gaze wanders down to his collarbones and then to his muscular but slim arms, the blue veins running to the backs of his hands. He’s still wearing his shell necklace.
Blinking, she turns back to the dishes, but then pauses to look out the windows. No one to see.
“What are you looking for?”
His voice is unexpectedly close; he’s come over to the counter, watching her.
“Just checking whether anyone’s near the restaurant,” she tells him after a beat, plunging her hands back into the water and scrubbing at a stain on a pan. “It’s better if no one sees you—word about a stranger on the island would spread like wildfire, and no doubt reach the Twins’ ears before nightfall.”
“That would be a problem?”
She actually laughs, though humorlessly. “Yes.”
“So, you’re basically trying to hide me?”
Leilani doesn’t need to glance over her shoulder to know he’s frowning. Still, she does turn around to meet his eye. “The Twins,” she says slowly, “are dangerous. They try to control every single person on this island.” She clenches her jaw. “They actually do.”
Keanu leans an arm on the counter. “I know. I’ve heard the stories.”
Leilani frowns, then wipes her hands on a towel. “What you’re saying is that everyone knows what is happening here on Hibiscus?” She shakes her head. “And yet no one reaches out a helping hand?”
He blinks once, his expression unchanging. “Apparently, this island is guarded by malevolent sea creatures who can drown you within mere seconds,” he says tonelessly. “Helping is impossible.”
And yet, you are here—and alive.
For some reason, a rush of irritation washes over her and she starts drying off the plates. “There is no way off this island,” she states, her motions sharp—and somehow, saying this gives her a sense of satisfaction, as if he is somehow to blame for all this, while she knows he isn’t. Still, she can’t help but add: “You’re trapped here now.”
Just like I am. Just like all of us.
She doesn’t find out how he’s about to reply, or even if he’s going to say anything:
A noise tears the conversation to shreds, the sound of breaking glass suddenly filling the restaurant—and Keanu is with her just as sudden, dragging her away.
08
Leilani’s heart is pounding, and for a moment, that is all she feels as she stares at the broken window above the kitchen sink. Seizing its chance, the wind howls inside instantly, whistling as it sweeps into the restaurant. Shards of glass now fill the sink, shimmer on the counter, and glisten on the floor.
Her gaze settles on the rock that has skidded away.
“You okay?” a slightly rough voice asks, breath brushing her ear.
She blinks and finally grows aware of Keanu’s arms wrapped around her waist, her back pressed to his chest, his body heat seeping through her thin blouse, his fingers pressing into her ribs.
Suddenly she feels so small.
She’d seen the strength in him. But now she can feel it.
“I—I’m fine,” she manages.
He releases her almost instantly, pulling his arms away and stepping to the side. She swallows, feeling unexpectedly cold as he widens the distance between them. He doesn’t look at her as she watches him pick up the rock, weighing it in his hand. His hair, still damp though now from his shower, covers his brow, but she can see his frown in the tense set of his mouth. He starts to move to the window.
“Watch out,” Leilani rushes out, grabbing for but missing his arm, “the glass…” She glances at his bare feet, but he has sidestepped the shards and now peers out the window overlooking the town. He lifts his chin as if seeing someone.
Carefully, Leilani leans toward him, lifting an arm against the incoming rain. There, bracing himself against the storm, is the silhouette of a man striding away, down the hill, towards the town.
Her chest constricts as she recognizes his gait, the line of his shoulders, the anger in his body language.
She knows exactly who it is.
A wave of nausea rolls over her.
“Get back,” she says, her voice faint as she tears her eyes away from the man, gesturing for Keanu to step away. He does, the rock still in his hand, and glances from her back out the window, only to settle on her again as she retrieves a broom and starts sweeping up the shards.
Cleaning up the mess. Dealing with the rage of others. Drowning in sorrow. It’s all she’s done for the past three years.
Quietly, Keanu places the rock on the counter while she can feel his eyes following her every motion. “You’re… very calm,” he remarks.
She briefly closes her eyes, then sweeps on. “It’s nothing.”
There isn’t anything to break the silence but the shriek of the wind and the patter of rain—and yet, it’s like she can hear his disbelief through his unspoken words. It makes her pause and look up. “The people… have their reasons to target the restaurant. Me, I mean.”
He studies her, his expression unreadable.
She averts her face. “Why don’t you just sit down? Have some fruit, there’s plenty,” she adds, pointing to the small basket at the corner of the counter, filled with apples and peaches. “You must be tired.”
He doesn’t say anything.
Instead, she catches him making a sudden motion from the corner of her eye—and before she has turned toward him, he’s already doubled over and clutches the edge of the counter to keep himself from crashing to his knees as he coughs violently, his shoulders trembling. Spitting up water, he tries to gasp for air.
Leilani’s eyes widen and she rushes over to him, touching a hand to his back. “Are you—”
He stiffens and then staggers away from her, roughly shrugging off her hand. Leilani presses her lips together and hesitantly curls her fingers into a loose fist. Dragging himself up to a standing position while leaning heavily against the counter, his gray eyes dart back up to her face.
Once more, he reminds her of a wild animal.
Is he… afraid? Does he honestly think she wants to hurt him—him, tall and muscular and undoubtedly strong enough to easily outfight her?
Or is there something so repulsive about her that he can’t even bear a brush of her hand?
She tries to shake off that last thought—as well as the unexpected pang of hurt it brings—as she meets his gaze. He has caught his breath and now wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. He tries to hide it, but she can see he’s trembling all over.
“You need to rest,” Leilani says. Breaking off eye-contact, she steps around him. “Come on, you can sleep upstairs.”
Although he doesn’t say anything, she can sense and hear him following her up the steps. For a second time today, she goes into Han’s old bedroom. She pulls a pillow case and sheets out of a cabinet and swiftly makes up the bed, not once glancing in Keanu’s direction.
When she’s done, she finds him lingering in the doorway; again, clenching his drawstring bag in his fist.
He’s studying her with a slightly furrowed brow, but also with an intensity that briefly halts her movements. His eyes drift over her, from head to toe, though never lingering anywhere.
Almost as if he can’t quite believe what he’s seeing.
But that doesn’t make sense.
They’re just strangers. And really, as far as she’s aware, there is nothing that special or outstanding about her. Next to that, he’s been pushing her away from the moment they’ve met on the beach this very morning.
She folds open the bed. “Just try and get some rest. I’ll be in the restaurant.”
He doesn’t say a word when she steps around him. All he does is angle his body to the side to give her space, and she’s not sure whether it’s true or just her imagination that his gaze keeps burning into her until she’s out of sight, as if—for some reason—still bewitched.

• • •

Cleaning up the mess and closing the gap that used to be a window with a slab of wood and some nails make the hours pass by quickly. Still, the passage of time does nothing to ease the sharp sensation in her throat or the weight pressing down on her shoulders.
Today wasn’t the first time that the restaurant was targeted and damaged. She’s had to deal with several broken windows and even graffiti on the walls.
As if no one remembers to whom this place used to belong.
Han. He absolutely loved his restaurant.
She can still remember the day she asked him about the restaurant’s name, “the Hibiscus”.
“Well, one day,” Han had said, grinning sheepishly, “I hope that people from other islands can finally come here and visit my restaurant, and then tell each other: “I’ve been to the Hibiscus on Hibiscus Island; the food was great!”.”
Leilani had laughed. “That is terrible! Couldn’t you truly have come up with something more original?”
At that, Han’s grin had only grown wider. “It’s easy to remember, right?” he’d said.
Leilani bites down on her lower lip, glancing at the broken window. She’s glad he doesn’t have to see how people are treating the restaurant these days; it would break his heart—
There’s a sharp knock on the door, knuckles hitting wood.
She stiffens and whips her head around. Two figures stand at the door; she catches sight of broad shoulders and familiar coats. Dread twists her stomach.
They’re the Twins’ guards. Two of many.
Leilani winces when they slam their fists against the door.
Her hands grow cold as icy fear seeps into her blood, and she quickly glances at the stairs. Keanu is still in Han’s old bedroom. Hopefully this didn’t wake him. If he’d come down now…—
Another bang. “Open up!” barks one of the guards, peering in through the glass.
Dragging her feet over to the doors, she exhales swiftly before opening them. The earthy scent of the storm intensifies instantly. She takes in the men before her, both of them tanned, their hair plastered to their skin, and their coats—simplified versions of those of the Twins’, white instead of blue and without the embroidered starfish—drenched by the rainfall. And yet, they stand tall and proud, exuding a kind of authority that settles on Leilani’s chest like a weight.
“You are expected to be at the Little Shell Castle tonight at nine,” the left one says while holding her eye, his gaze filled with practiced indifference, “as there will be a ceremony at ten, which the Twins wish you to attend.”
A ceremony.
It hits her like a bolt of lightning, paralyzing her where she stands, air catching in her throat. A ceremony. Leilani feels her heart beginning to pound, and her cheeks suddenly feel numb.
It sounds so innocent.
But she knows it’s not.
Ceremonies usually mean public punishments for a citizen breaking the rules.
Or worse.
Leilani blinks, hard, forcing herself out of her stupor. “This ceremony,” she begins, aware of how hoarse her voice sounds, “what is it for?”
The left one falters, a flash of emotion crossing his face, but his colleague replies instead, unperturbed: “Shun Kama is to be executed tonight.”
Shun Kama. Leilani freezes, her voice now barely more than a whisper: “Why?”
The men stare at her, but then, without a word, their gazes drift off to the broken window behind her in the back of the restaurant.
Shun Kama. In her mind’s eye, she sees him running away only this morning, bracing himself against the wind.
“No.” She shakes her head, claws of panic grabbing her by the throat. “No, but—I don’t care about what he did,” she rushes out, “I haven’t even complained, it was just an accident, he doesn’t need to be punished for this—”
“That is not your choice to make,” the guard on the right cuts her off stiffly.
Still, she can see his unease.
“We will come to collect you.” The other guard lifts his chin. “Be ready to leave at nine.”
They turn around and stride away, slightly leaning forward into the wind.
Her heart pounding, Leilani keeps lingering in the doorway, staring after them, feeling weak, feeling sick, desperately trying to come up with something, anything to prevent the ceremony—
A voice behind her cuts through the cacophony in her mind:
“Why are the Twins asking for you?”
09
Leilani closes her eyes, feeling nauseous.
The wind picks up, blowing drops of rain into her face and tugging at her hair. Still, it does nothing to cool off the feverish heat burning in her cheeks, or the sweat gathering in the palms of her hands.
And it doesn’t chase away the panic screeching in her chest either, trying to claw its way up to her throat to be unleashed in a sob or even a scream.
“Shun Kama is to be executed tonight.”
Clenching her jaw, she struggles to take a deep breath and then forces herself to move and close the doors, shutting out most of the storm.
She’s highly aware of Keanu’s presence behind her.
“The Twins and I…” she begins hoarsely, but stops when she turns around and looks at Keanu, who is studying her with a furrowed brow. She presses her lips together and can’t help her attention from snagging on the scars on his cheek and above his eyebrow.
He’s like a story she can’t seem to find the first chapter of, a book that will only open halfway and give you a glimpse of its contents, the pages stuck together and not giving away its secrets. It’s not that strange, really—she’s only known him for a few hours, and he knows as little of her as she knows of him. And yet, looking at those scars, the restless, stormy look in his eyes, as well as recalling the manner in which he flinches away from touch… she can’t help but wonder what darkness he’s carrying with him, what violence and pain live in his heart.
He doesn’t need hers.
Her darkness. Her violence. Her pain.
She gives a slight shake of her head and brushes past him. “It doesn’t matter,” she says. “You don’t need to know. Just get some more rest. Don’t worry about any of this.”
As she strides over to the kitchen—not sure what she’s even going to do—she glances over at the clock. Just after five in the afternoon. Less than four hours to go.
The floor creaks and she turns, finding Keanu still standing at the foot of the stairs, watching her as though he’s trying to figure something out. Probably her.
He looks so wild. He looks… dangerous, even—although she can’t imagine anyone being deadlier than the Twins.
Muscles mean nothing.
Strength is worthless.
When it comes to the Twins, every soul that crosses their path is a victim.
Which is why she opens her mouth again, which is why the warning slips off her tongue, which is why her voice trembles slightly, which is why she holds his gaze directly and doesn’t let go, silently begging him: “No matter what, stay inside tonight. Do not go out.”
He stares at her, his eyes slightly narrowed.
When he doesn’t respond, she turns her back to him and randomly starts moving things around in the kitchen, her shaking hands aimless, her heart pounding in her chest. She glances back after a minute, just in time to catch him quietly climbing up the stairs.
Good. Just stay there.
She doesn’t dare imagine what the Twins would do to him if they’d find out a stranger has managed to get on the island—alive.
Or what they’d do to her when they learn she’s the one who found him.

• • •

Even though her heart is racing, Leilani holds herself absolutely still; she barely moves a muscle as combs are drawn through her hair and deft fingers apply make-up to her face, turning her from the girl she sees in the mirror every day into a stranger she loathes as much as she does the Twins.
Because this is the face of the Bride.
The face of the woman they force her to be.
As promised, the guards returned to the restaurant perfectly on time to escort her to the Little Shell Castle at the town square, where the tall structure loomed over her as they arrived, as if mocking the name it has been given. Even though it was already dark, the wind still howling and raindrops swirling down alongside loose leaves and flower petals, Leilani’s gaze had clung to every single detail of the castle, as it always does when she’s summoned by the Twins: to the shells and fossils of fish embedded in the rough, pale walls, to the arched windows that only reveal shadows inside—even on a sunny day—, to the balcony situated just below the spiraling tower, that appears to be holding a huge pearl as an offering to the sun or moon.
Crackling torches framed the entrance as she was brought inside, entering a grand hallway with a smooth polished floor, and illuminated by paper lanterns that spread a soft, orange glow. Leilani was then ushered up a flight of winding stairs by a few women, the steps sandy and the banister made entirely from shells in brown and soft pink shades, that also cover the castle’s walls.
It could’ve been a place from a fairytale.
But Leilani—and everyone else—knows enough and has seen enough to know that the beauty and magic are a lie.
A mask to cover the snarling beast’s face that is this castle.
She’s now in a room where, over the past three years, she has spent more hours than she dares to count, the occasional shriek of the wind and the rustle of fabric and quiet footsteps all that break the silence. Five women are in the room with her, helping her dress and prepare for the ceremony that can’t be more than several minutes away now.
The women are just locals, just like the guards, chosen by the Twins to serve them. No one wants such a position, but not a soul is brave enough to decline it either.
The Twins’ wishes are not to be refused.
Even as the women are constantly hovering around Leilani, not one of them looks her in the eye, careful to gaze just past her or down at their feet.
In turn, Leilani has long stopped trying to speak with them.
They are all scared. After all, she’s the Bride; anyone who touches her will be punished by the Twins. It doesn’t feel like protection. It simply makes Leilani fear for everyone’s life who dares to come close to her.
Her mind flashes to Keanu and her stomach twists into a knot. She has to figure out what to do. She can’t hide him inside the restaurant forever, but…—
The women suddenly step back, startling her out of her thoughts. They keep their hands folded in front of them and their faces turned down.
They look so ordinary in comparison to her now.
Somehow, they always manage to turn Leilani not just into someone, but even into something else.
Unearthly beautiful.
Taking a quiet but steadying breath, Leilani rises from her stool, gazing at her reflection in the large mirror to her left, oval-shaped and framed by shells and pearls. Her coral-pink dress falls all the way to the floor, pooling around her feet, and leaves her arms and back bare. Her black, thick, straight hair is glossy as it cascades down her shoulders, and clips with tiny starfish hold the bangs out of her face. She stares into her own eyes, accentuated by kohl, shining honey-brown in the lanterns’ glow lining the walls and ceiling and even the floor. Her skin looks smooth, and a subtle blush darkens her cheeks.
She loathes this girl, this creature before her.
The Bride.
Leilani feels sick just looking at herself; the Twins want to make her look pretty before a man who is about to die.
Because of her.
“It is time,” says a soft but commanding voice.
She stiffens and her gaze darts to the reflection of the arched doorway behind her, where two figures in dark blue coats are awaiting her, looking just as polished as she does.
As she turns around, Akamai smiles at her, deceptively pleasant. Haku is next to him.
Wearing the Crown.
It has three long, sharp points and makes him look taller than he already is. Leilani never can tell what material it is made from; from a distance it seems dull and silver-grayish, but from up close, it appears to be made from countless tiny shells all melded together, a pearl embedded in all three points.
The Twins always alternate in who is wearing the Crown. One never can predict who gets to play King.
Haku merely jerks his chin up, almost impatiently—and yet, he takes his time looking Leilani over, his dark eyes climbing down her body and then back up again, lingering in all the places she doesn’t want him to look at.
For a brief moment, she curls her hands into fists.
Then, she eases them in quiet defeat as she makes her way over to the brothers without a word, past the women who still keep their eyes trained on the floor, past the rows and rows of paper lanterns, until she reaches the Twins. Above them, shells in darker shades depict a gigantic octopus spreading out its many arms above the doorway as if it’s about to reach out and pick her up, drag her away into the deepest of seas.
If only it could.
Akamai and Haku both offer her an arm, and Leilani only hesitates for a second before accepting them. A few guards fall into step behind them as they cross an empty hallway, into another room with crimson walls, a thick carpet on the floor, a couch and several armchairs, sparkling glasses and a bottle of wine chilling in a bucket filled with ice already waiting on the table. As if there is cause for some kind of celebration.
They don’t sit down, however—instead, the Twins pull her along to the balcony. As soon as they step outside, Leilani breathes in the earthy scent of rain and storm. They stop at the balustrade and gaze down at the town square, lit by similar lanterns that have been strung above the heads of the crowd. Dozens of faces gaze up at them, gathered around the statue of the King of the Ocean—the regal man surrounded by his Spirits, looking so strong as he gazes blindly into the night—and forming a half-circle around two guards pressing their hands down on the shoulders of a man sitting on his knees, his head lowered and his posture tight.
Leilani swallows with effort.
Her feet drag as the Twins force her to step even closer to the balustrade, and she can immediately feel all eyes fix on her as hushed conversations die down and an unnatural silence descends upon the crowd. She hates how she must look to them.
Like a doll.
The Twins release her arms, though Haku keeps his hand pressed to the small of her back, needlessly reminding her there’s no way out. She stiffens when his fingers begin to wander slowly, finding the bare skin of her back and tracing her spine. Gritting her teeth, she glances at him from the corner of her eye, but he’s stone-faced and staring at the people below them.
She wants to shake him off. But she doesn’t dare.
Akamai leans his hands on the balustrade. “Here before you is Shun Kama,” he speaks, his voice raised and powerful. “A man who thought to take matters into his own hands. A fool,” he continues, “who has threatened the life and safety of our bride-to-be.”
Once more, all attention is dragged towards her.
Leilani tries to keep her hands and legs from trembling—and then stops breathing when Akamai goes on: “Perhaps, however, we should not be surprised by this. After all, Shun Kama’s very own eldest son wasn’t wise enough to stay away from our Bride, as he once tricked his way into her bed, telling her that he loved her so, only to use her for her tears to obtain pearls.”
Even as Leilani is standing there, memories yank her back in time, and she blinks hastily to chase away the face that keeps haunting her nightmares.
Yet there is nothing she can do to stop herself from feeling the complex emotions twisting themselves around her heart, a suffocating embrace of betrayal, guilt, sorrow, and shame.
“This happened two years ago, and he was punished and executed for his crime,” Akamai reminds the crowd—knowing full-well they’ve never, not even for one day, forgotten it. “And now, sadly…” he continues, pausing briefly, “his father is to meet the same fate. Rebellion seems to run in this family’s blood.
“Which we cannot tolerate,” he adds, glancing at his brother.
Haku’s fingers still in their path down Leilani’s spine, and she exhales a shaky sigh when he finally removes his hand and stands up taller, the Crown casting a huge shadow behind him. But Leilani quickly forgets all about him and how his lingering touch seems to stick to her skin like slime, when a figure stumbles forward from the crowd.
“Shun!” the woman screams.
Two boys, no older than sixteen and fourteen, hurry to grab her arms and keep her back as the guards look up sharply. The younger boy is sobbing. “Dad…” he manages, his grip on his mother’s arm weakening.
Shun Kama slowly lifts his chin from his chest, though not to twist around and look at his family.
Instead, he tilts his head back and looks up—and while he’s too far down below for Leilani to see, she is convinced that his face is tight with anger as the wind stirs the gray locks in his black hair.
His gaze focuses on her.
Without words, he is blaming her, telling her this is all her fault.
Well. Maybe it is.
If she’d never exposed her gift to the Twins, if her tears were not cursed, if she’d never even ended up on this island, if, if if…
If.
“You are punished for your crime, Shun Kuma,” Akamai speaks, his voice ringing out over the crowd. “And your punishment is death.”
His wife cries out, struggling against her sons, but the oldest boy wraps his arms around her and his younger brother, keeping them close, his eyes fixed on his father as he visibly braces himself.
“The honor’s all yours, brother,” Akamai murmurs, without taking his gaze off Shun Kama, “my fellow king.”
Next to her, Leilani hears Haku utter a short, breathy chuckle—right before he lifts his right hand in a graceful fashion.
At first, nothing happens.
Leilani closes her eyes for a moment—and there it is: the noise of something slimy moving, the sounds of water dripping. Holding her breath, she opens her eyes again, just in time to see the ground bubbling before Shun Kama’s knees.
Out of the pool rises a huge jellyfish, its tentacles long and swirling in the air, glowing a deep blue with an occasional flash of purple. It illuminates Shun Kama’s face as she stares up at the creature floating before him, frozen in fear despite his defiance.
“Go ahead,” Haku whispers.
At that, the creature moves forward and its motions are almost lazy as it lifts its tentacles and wraps them around the man’s throat—then, they tighten and begin to squeeze, so hard that it nearly lifts him off his knees. Shun Kama’s hands shoot upwards and his fingers claw at the tentacles, trying to wrench himself free, his eyes widening, opening his mouth to gasp for breath.
But instead, he begins to cough and makes a terrible gurgling noise.
One Leilani recognizes all too well.
The sound any man or woman makes when all air is squeezed from their chest… and their lungs are filled with ocean water.
10
When Shun Kama’s body begins to spasm, begging for oxygen, Leilani looks away.
She feels ill. Heavy. Faint.
The crowd has involuntarily moved back as one. Some women press their faces to the chests or shoulders of the men who hold them close, while others seemingly force themselves to watch instead, as if wanting to confront their eyes with this horror to somehow harden themselves.
No one wants to be here.
No one but the Twins.
And they love an audience.
Refusing to look, Leilani can’t do anything to shut out the noises as Shun Kama struggles, clinging to life, coughing and gasping.
Then, the sounds weaken. Become softer.
Until there is nothing left but water dripping on the ground and then a thud, as the cursed jellyfish releases the man and lets his limp body slump down.
Cautiously, Leilani turns back to Shun Kama’s unmoving figure.
Everyone is staring at the man, the glowing sea creature still hovering over him, its tentacles swirling. Shun’s wife has crashed to her knees and is sobbing breathlessly, and her sons hold her in a tight embrace, their shoulders quaking.
Leilani’s lower lip trembles, her eyes burn, and a lump has wedged itself in her throat—still, she holds back the tears; if the people see her weep pearls now, in this moment, they’ll only resent her more.
“Stop fighting it,” Akamai murmurs, moving closer to her.
She blinks, furrowing her forehead.
He looks at her sideways, holding her gaze. “Don’t hold back your tears, my dear,” he says just as softly. “The people need to see it. Need to see the power…” he now whispers, and suddenly his fingers lightly run down her arm to the inside of her wrist, “of our Bride.”
A shiver slithers down her spine and she jerks away from him. Peering into the distance without focusing on anything or anyone, she forces herself to block out the sobs of Shun Kama’s broken family and clenches her jaw.
She will not give in.
She won’t—
Haku moves next to her—and she gasps when he roughly grabs her arm and something sharp cuts into her flesh, breaking skin.
The blade of a small knife glistens in the corner of her eye.
Leilani recoils and the blade slips out of her upper arm, the cut tingling and burning as blood slowly oozes down her skin.
The shock of the sudden pain causes a tear to slip from her eyes.
Akamai is quick to draw her close, his grip on her much too firm, opposing to the sickly gentle way in which he wipes his thumb across her cheek, carefully brushing away and collecting her tear as it is already solidifying.
Pinching the pearl between his thumb and forefinger, he holds it up for all to see.
“Leilani,” he calls out over the crowd and everyone stares up at him, “deserves better treatment from you all! Look,” he continues and he pulls Leilani closer, as if he’s consoling her, “she even cries for the man who tried to harm her today. Such a pure, gentle soul; how can you—”
He cuts himself off when Haku stiffens next to them, at the same time that the audience’s attention drifts away from him and his false speech: all gazes are now locked on the jellyfish as it has drifted over to the crowd, as if pulled in by something. People back away quickly as it raises its tentacles to push them aside, and parents drag their children behind them. The crowd splits like an ocean and the jellyfish sails on, leaving a trail of water and slime on the ground.
It finally comes to a halt before a man with a hood pulled low over his brow.
“What is this…?” Akamai murmurs.
“A stranger,” breathes Haku.
Leilani’s heart misses a beat as she studies the hooded man. His broad shoulders. His powerful yet cautious stance. There’s something alarmingly familiar about him.
No, no, don’t let it be true—
“Sir,” Akamai says, his voice raised and composed once more, “step forward, would you?”
Haku makes a vague gesture with his hand and the jellyfish floats aside. As its blue glow leaves the stranger’s face, darker shadows veil his features. The man takes a step forward, and as he starts moving closer to the castle—his gait calm and confident despite the situation—the jellyfish glides after him, as if magnetized.
Everyone is watching with bated breath.
The stranger comes to a halt before the town square’s statue, not too far from where Shun Kama’s family sits huddled together.
“Show your face,” Akamai orders, finally releasing Leilani to lean his hands on the balustrade; his knuckles turn white as he grips it too hard.
The man reaches up.
Leilani’s pulse is racing. Please don’t let it be—
…him.
Pulling his hood down, he reveals wild dark hair that nearly reaches his shoulders, and under his sweater, Leilani spots the white T-shirt he’s wearing. The one she has given him herself.
She curls her fingers into the skirt of her dress.
His eyes slide over to her—and for a beat he seems to falter, though he recovers quickly and is soon staring at Haku, taking in the Crown.
Akamai’s tone is smooth as he pleasantly asks: “And who are you, Mr. Stranger?”
Another shiver crawls down Leilani’s spine.
“Keanu,” he replies.
“Your full name, please,” says Akamai, smiling tensely.
“Keanu Alana.”
The Twins exchange a glance over Leilani’s head, and as a brief silence settles over them, her attention drifts over to the statue at Keanu’s back, the man surrounded by ocean creatures gracefully gliding and dancing around him.
Her mind flashes back to last night. The bottle in her hand. The message inside it.
How she flung it into the ocean.
Save me, she begged.
And then, this morning, she found Keanu on the beach…
Could he be… Could he truly be…?
“Never heard of you, Keanu Alana,” Akamai finally speaks up, his words sharpening.
Leilani’s heart is pounding, and she barely feels the sting of the cut in her arm as she rushes out: “Maybe he’s from out of town; from another region of Hibiscus—”
“We know every single soul who lives on this island,” Haku cuts her off quietly, his eyes dark with warning. “Every. Single. One.”
She swallows.
“How did you come here?” Akamai demands.
Keanu waits several beats before he answers, the wind tugging at his wild locks. “I was on a boat. A storm came. Next thing I remember, I woke up on the beach.”
Leilani can’t help but notice he keeps his attention trained on the Twins, never letting it wander to her.
“Is that so,” Akamai muses out loud.
“That’s all I recall,” Keanu says.
“You fell into the sea… and you just,” Akamai pauses, “washed ashore?”
“You do know which island this is,” Haku finally speaks up, bracing a forearm on the balustrade as he leans over, “don’t you, stranger?”
Keanu doesn’t even flinch, his gaze steady. “Yes.”
“And yet here you are.” Haku lifts his chin. “Alive and well.”
This time, Keanu doesn’t respond and merely stares back.
“It’s not possible,” Akamai whispers so only his brother and Leilani can hear. “He should’ve been killed.”
Haku clenches his jaw, not answering.
Akamai straightens, as if having made up his mind. “We cannot allow a stranger to simply walk around our island unsupervised,” he begins, loud enough to reach all ears. “Perhaps, Mr. Alana, we should bring you along to our castle in the sea.”
Leilani stiffens.
“Or we could kill him,” Haku whispers.
At that, the jellyfish hovering near Keanu starts into motion, gliding closer and its tentacles swirling almost eagerly—
Her heart missing a beat, Leilani grabs Haku’s arm and then puts her other hand to his chest, pressing him back. “No, please, don’t. H-He can stay with me, he…”
Annoyance flashes in his gaze, while at the same moment Akamai reaches for her, his fingers closing around her elbow, as if he’s about to drag her inside.
She only has one chance. And she has to be fast.
But she needs the audience as a witness to make this work.
“He can stay with me,” she rushes out, so loud she’s almost yelling. Akamai tenses and then narrows his eyes at her. Seizing the opportunity, Leilani steps back to the balustrade, her arm slipping from his grasp. “He can stay with me—the Bride,” she calls out to the crowd.
Keanu stares up at her, too far down for her to read his expression.
“And I…” Leilani continues, turning back to the Twins, her heart beating so fast she’s feeling breathless. “I will make sure he won’t escape or break any rule.”
11
All eyes are on her, though not for the first time tonight.
And yet, this moment makes it feel all the heavier.
For the first time in three years, she has openly admitted to be the Twins’ Bride. She’s using her position now to see how much weight it truly holds.
Will the Twins relent and show the crowd Leilani’s power as their bride-to-be?
Or will they simply overrule her?
Her heart is pounding as her gaze moves between Akamai and Haku, only half aware of the warm blood still leaking down her arm and the cut throbbing in time with her pulse.
Then, a smile tugs at a corner of Haku’s mouth. “So desperate to save lives, huh?” he says softly, leaning towards her so she can feel his breath on her face. “Or do you merely hope to find a person in this stranger who doesn’t resent you?”
A stranger, who doesn’t know who she is.
A stranger, who doesn’t hate her.
His words cause a sharp pang in her chest.
“If only you’d agree to the wedding,” Haku goes on, shaking his head. “You could live in the Great Shell Castle in the ocean, far away from these people. Far away from those… wanting to hurt you,” he adds in a whisper, leaning back a bit. His lips twitch into another smile as his eyes rove over her body.
Leilani clenches her fists.
Noticing it, Haku lets out a breathy chuckle. “We should take him to the castle and question him,” he turns to his brother. “Something’s not right about this.” His gaze cuts over to Keanu who is still peering up at them, unmoving.
Leilani’s stomach sinks and she almost opens her mouth to protest, to try and gather even more courage even though she’s shaking all over—but she catches herself when she sees the frown furrowing Akamai’s brow.
“We’ve already punished and lost several citizens lately,” he murmurs back, “which will cost us pearls in the long run. Maybe… we should give this new face a chance. To find work. To earn money. More pearls.”
His words make Leilani grow absolutely still.
Wait, is he saying that… they’re killing too many people on the island? The mood has been grim lately, here as well as in the other towns. If they’d keep this up, at one point there won’t be many people left. And that’d mean—
As though he’s reading her mind, Haku narrows his eyes at her before throwing Akamai a dark look, who immediately presses his lips into a thin line.
They both realize they’ve said too much.
Things they don’t want Leilani to know.
Whatever they need the pearls for, it must be something very important to them. And she can’t help but think it might have to do with more than simple wealth.
The brothers exchange another look before recovering smoothly. Akamai pauses to study Leilani, holding her eye.
“Fine,” he says quietly. “We’ll let you keep this one.”
Her heart stutters as both relief and nerves flutter in her stomach.
Akamai turns to the crowd, gesturing for a couple of guards who immediately step forward and flank Keanu. “Mr. Alana, you will stay in our Bride’s care,” he says loudly so everyone can hear. “However, do understand that you are not allowed to stray. We will be watching you.
“That is all for tonight,” he tells the crowd.
As people reluctantly begin to move away from the square, throwing glances in Keanu’s direction or that of the Kama family, Haku’s body heat suddenly brushes Leilani’s skin as he comes to stand close to her, whispering in her ear: “And that goes for you too, my Bride. We are always watching you. So be careful what you do with this new boy of yours.
“Remember that you are ours.
“No man can ever have you and walk away alive.”

• • •

The Twins let her go quickly tonight.
They don’t force her to drink their wine with them, instead telling her to go home—she can only guess there are things they need to talk about they don’t want her to hear.
It’s a relief.
She hastily shrugs out of the dress and puts on her own clothes again, before practically running down the winding stairs and dashing out of the Little Shell Castle, where several guards await her.
And Keanu.
Keanu Alana. She hadn’t even thought of asking his surname.
Somehow, the full name sounds too elegant, too ordinary for the wild man she met this morning.
Escorted by the guards, they walk through the streets of the town until the beach comes into view, and then they climb the steep hill where the restaurant is situated on top, all in utter silence.
The storm is letting up and as the clouds break apart, a silvery beam of moonlight washes over the lone restaurant; the faded red roof, the brown wooden walls, the sign above the doors stating “the Hibiscus” painted in white letters and surrounded by the pink and red flowers the place borrows its name from.
It looks so innocent.
And it once was—a place of innocence. Where all seemed bright, even though life on this island never was. But Han could make anyone smile.
Even Leilani, a girl destined to weep.
As the doors are unlocked, Leilani simply pushes them open and walks inside, not once breaking her stride as she makes her way over to the kitchen counter in the back. As soon as Keanu closes the doors, she can hear the guards’ footsteps fading away.
It won’t be long, however, until the midnight guards arrive to take their place.
Clenching her jaw, Leilani twists open the tap and starts splashing water onto her face, scrubbing her palms over her eyelids and cheeks to rinse off the makeup. Her breaths quicken as she tears the clips out of her hair and drops them to the floor—she’s too rough and yanks hairs out of her head, but she doesn’t care and angrily blinks back the tears.
Finally, Keanu speaks up behind her.
“You’re the rumored Bride of the Twins,” he states, somehow managing to sound surprised despite the toneless way in which he says it. “The Weeper of Pearls.”
Leilani pauses, her hands braced against the kitchen counter, her gaze locked on the water running from the tap. The Weeper of Pearls. That’s what the Twins began calling her after discovering her gift.
A rush of anger washes over her and she twists the faucet shut before turning around to Keanu. There are no lights on in the restaurant and she peers at his silhouette, sensing his gaze on her.
“How?” she manages hoarsely. “How do you even know about this? Hibiscus is off-limits; no one leaves and no one comes in.” Well. Except you, apparently, she almost adds, but she bites it back and just brushes away a drop of water trickling down her cheek instead.
“Stories travel,” he says after a silence. “Tales know no boundaries and always find their way into the ears of those willing to listen.”
Leilani slowly lowers her hand. “So, everyone on the Crown Islands knows about me? You know what I can do?”
A dip of his head is his only response.
She stares at him for a moment, her eyes adjusting to the shadows, and she can finally make out the sharp lines of his face. “How unlucky you are,” she says, smiling humorlessly, “to have been found by the island’s pariah.”
Not expecting him to reply, she stills when he says: “Without you, they would’ve taken me to their castle and tortured me to death.”
There is no fear in his voice, no tremble, not even the slightest infliction that betrays any feeling of unease. It doesn’t seem natural, the plain, almost clinical way in which he said that. She takes him in again, now able to distinguish the scar running down his cheek.
Something tells her he is no stranger to violence.
“I don’t know what you’ve been trying to escape,” she begins, “but you really should never have stepped onto that boat. You should’ve stayed on your island. Where you were safe.”
He shifts his stance.
“Safe?” he repeats, his rough voice soft. He slightly lifts his chin and gazes past her out the window. “Nowhere is safe. I can’t remember how it feels anyway.”
12
Leilani furrows her brow, trying to figure out his words.
The meaning behind them.
Clouds shift and moonlight spills in through the windows above the kitchen counter—except for the broken one, the slab of wood blocking the silvery beam—and Leilani briefly holds her breath at seeing the sudden faraway look in Keanu’s eyes.
A metallic tang drifts up into her nose, and she finally grows aware again of the blood sticking to her arm. Tearing her eyes away from Keanu, she opens a drawer and picks out an old cloth, drenching it in water before she starts wiping her arm clean.
She winces when she brushes over the cut, pain biting into her flesh, and inhales sharply.
The floorboards creak.
Leilani stills when she looks up, finding Keanu unexpectedly close to her—and then touching her arm, his warm fingertips gently grazing her skin as he inspects the cut.
She barely blinks, staring at him.
He looks so wild. But his touch is surprisingly soft. Tender, even.
“It’s not so deep that you’ll need stitches,” he observes, “but you can’t leave it like this.” His eyes flash up to hers, and at finding her studying him, he falters and releases her arm.
The warmth of his fingers leaves a tingling sensation. Leilani swallows.
“Got a first aid kit somewhere?” he recovers, avoiding her gaze.
“Uhm. Yes. Under the counter,” she points.
“Sit down,” he tells her, crouching and reaching for the kit.
She hesitates, then hits the light switch to illuminate the restaurant before sitting down at one of the tables, watching Keanu as he makes his way over to her and pulls out a chair. He sits next to her, his legs spread wide so he can lean closer to inspect her cut after rummaging through the kit.
Gritting her teeth as he takes her arm in one hand and begins to disinfect the wound, she shifts slightly in her chair—growing still when her outside thigh brushes his knees.
“Sorry,” she murmurs, but he doesn’t say a thing as he reaches for the roll of gauze and the pair of scissors he’s laid out. He cuts off a strip and takes her upper arm in his warm hand again, holding the gauze in place as he begins to wrap it around. “You’re quite good at this,” she remarks, watching him work. “Have you… done this often?”
Again, her gaze flickers to the scar on his cheek, as well as the one above his eyebrow half obscured by his hair, while recalling the third on his chest.
A half-shrug is the only answer he gives—when he speaks, it doesn’t have anything to do with first aid: “Which of them are you supposed to marry?”
Leilani’s stomach twists and she takes a deep breath, pushing back the nausea. “They share the Crown. They are both King. So…” Her voice wavers. “Both of them.”
Keanu’s hands still and he looks up at her again, his gaze narrowed and his mouth tugged in a downward slant as he studies her. “Both,” he repeats stiffly.
He almost sounds disgusted.
She presses her lips together, looking the other way. “They found out about my tears three years ago. Ever since, they’ve been pressuring me into becoming their wife.” She hesitates. “The only catch, though, is that the Bride of the King of the Ocean needs to be willing. If not, they’ll lose the Crown’s power.”
Keanu slowly wraps the last piece of gauze around her arm. “And tonight, they tried to convince you to marry them by killing a man who broke your window?”
“I… I think they’re rather trying to scare me into it.”
He’s silent for a bit, securing the bandage in place. One of his hands remains loosely wrapped around her arm as he stares down at it. “How would that ever make you willing to become their Bride?”
“If the fear is great enough, it would. If they’d ever threaten to take someone away from me who is too important…” She falters as guilt, heavy and sharp, wells up in her. The words spill from her mouth before she can think better of them: “I could’ve saved that man’s life tonight. I could’ve saved so many lives they took because of me, if only I’d agreed to marry them, but I…” She exhales shakily. “I can’t seem to give it up; my freedom, I mean. And I don’t even know why.” A weak smile tugs at her lips. “My life… ever since I lost Han… my father…—”
My life has been terrible ever since.
“I just can’t give it up,” she whispers instead.
This final shred of freedom she has left.
“It is instinct,” Keanu suddenly says, and Leilani looks up slowly. He doesn’t meet her eye. “A life is still a life, an existence, no matter how dark it may be. Even a bad life can be hard to give up on. Because your heart is always insistent on beating on, your lungs on drawing breath. It is instinct,” he repeats, finally lifting his gaze, “to stay alive. And hope for something better.”
She holds his eyes—and she sees something other besides the wildness, besides the restlessness. She catches a glimpse of sorrow.
But what causes her heart to skip a beat, is the longing.
The craving.
For something. For someone.
He blinks and it is gone, and she momentarily feels like she’s falling when he releases her arm; her skin feels cold now that he’s no longer touching her.
Yet, he doesn’t widen the distance between them. He remains seated on his chair. Her thigh is still pressed against his knee. She’s careful not to move away. She doesn’t know why.
“It probably won’t even leave a scar,” he says, nodding to her bandaged arm.
Except on the inside, as it stands for yet another lost life. She keeps the words inside and dips her head in a nod. “Thank you.”
Keanu hesitates. “What they said about that man’s son tonight… was it true?”
Leilani opens her mouth, closes it again, then folds her hands together in her lap, staring at her tangled fingers. “Jin,” she says quietly. “His name was Jin Kama. He… He made me think that he didn’t hate me. Said he didn’t believe I betrayed everyone. He kept visiting me and talking to me for months. He listened to me. Held me close when I needed it.” She squeezes her hands together, pain and shame tangling in her chest. “I actually believed he truly did love me. But after… after I finally dared to let him come closer…” and spent the night with him, “it turned out he only wanted to use me for my pearls,” she adds, forcing herself to look up and smile, laughing faintly. “I should’ve known better. I was so stupid.”
Her smile fades the instant Keanu locks eyes with her.
And holds her gaze.
She’s absolutely still as he looks at her, really looks at her, and only now does she realize how much she has revealed of herself to him, how vulnerable she’s making herself.
To a complete stranger.
Perhaps it’s because she’s been alone for so long.
Or maybe she just needed to say all of this aloud, because there’s been no one around to listen to her all this time.
And yet, she doesn’t find herself wishing she could take back her words, despite the fact that her cheeks are burning with embarrassment and she can’t help but wonder what he must think of her now. Does he think she’s weak? Gullible?
His expression is tight and grave, yet his features seem to soften as he takes in her face, though there is also a flicker of another emotion in his eyes, almost like… anger?
“You—” he begins softly.
And she both longs and dreads to hear what he has to say, this wild stranger from the sea; she stops breathing so she won’t miss a word, because she simply needs someone to tell her, yes, she was naïve and foolish, or, no, it wasn’t her fault—
She never gets to hear it.
A deep, blue glow washes inside through the windows, drowning the moonlight—but it’s the terrible groan echoing through the sky outside that cuts off Keanu’s words. The floor shakes, the glasses and plates behind the counter tremble and jangle, the wooden starfish and lamps suspended from the ceiling sway left to right, and soon Leilani can feel it shivering in her bones.
Her breath catches.
Keanu looks around wildly. “What the hell—?”
Leilani twists to glance at the clock as the noise is slowly receding. A quarter to twelve. “It’s not even midnight yet,” she murmurs.
Keanu stares at her, his dark eyebrows drawn together.
“No one is allowed outside after midnight,” she explains, “until sunrise.”
“But what was that noise—”
“Just look outside.” She slumps down on the chair, suddenly exhausted. There’s another groan, and she closes her eyes. She senses Keanu rising and hears him walking over to the windows.
He swears under his breath.
She knows exactly what he’s witnessing: large jellyfish drifting through the streets, possibly even past the restaurant now, as she notices the blue glow intensifying through her closed eyelids. And the dizzying large whale floating over the island, uttering deafening groans.
No. Moans.
It’s moaning.
In pain. In despair.
A familiar wave of sorrow washes over her and Leilani clasps her hands together even tighter, squeezing her eyes shut to keep back the tears.
But her breaths still shudder.
“Hey. Are you…?”
She looks up, finding Keanu having stepped away from the windows and staring at her. She hesitates only briefly.
Since he already knows her darkest secrets, he might as well find out about this.
“Ten years ago,” she begins, “a man called Han found me on the beach. I still don’t know who I am, what my real name is, or where I came from. Like you, I simply washed ashore one day.
“All I do know, though… is besides being able to cry pearls, I feel a connection to the sea no person is supposed to feel. And after tonight’s execution…” She shakes her head. “The ocean has claimed another unjust life today; and now, the sea is in pain. And I can feel it. Actually feel it. My moods are dependent on the ocean’s,” she adds in a whisper. “And right now, the sea is mourning because it has been forced to kill, by men who should never have been able to wield its power; who never should’ve been able to control its creatures.
“These jellyfish, that whale, they seem demonic and appear to be the enemy—but in truth, they’re just puppets who’ve never had the choice.”
Like herself.
Her throat constricts and her vision blurs.
Biting back a sob, she rises from her chair. “Sorry, I—need to go,” she manages, her voice thick with unshed tears, and Keanu reluctantly steps aside as she hurries away from him and up the stairs. She doesn’t want him to see her cry, doesn’t want anyone to witness this private, painful moment.
She’s shaking once she reaches her room and closes the door. She leans back against it, gasping as the tears begin to fall.
Then, the Weeper of Pearls sinks to her knees and cries for the ocean’s sorrow.
And all the lives it has unwillingly taken.
Wild Stranger from the Sea
13
Two years had passed since the local man found the girl on the beach. He’d given her a name, a home, and did his best to give her a life filled with warmth and laughter too—and yet, he often caught her crying, though she always tried to hide it. Even from him, the only one who knew her secret.
He knocked on the door before he came into her room, finding her sobbing on the floor, her back pressed to her bed, her forehead to her knees.
All the while, pearls fell to the floor and rolled away from her.
He carefully brushed them aside as he came to sit next to her, wordlessly putting an arm around her and tucking her close.
His sudden warmth helped loosen the knot in the girl’s chest, yet her tears kept on falling. Gasping for breath, she leaned into him. “I—I can’t stop it,” she hiccupped.
“I know. It’s all right.” He held her closer, pressing a kiss to her hair. “Would it help if I told you a story?”
The girl looked up at that. “About… the King of the Ocean? The true King?”
He’d already told her many stories, but she never tired of them—either because of her own inexplicable connection to the sea, or simply because of the way he told them, his words weaving images in her mind so vibrant she felt that she could step into them and live in that other world, that history in which the Twins did not yet exist and the Crown still belonged to its rightful owner.
The man sat up a bit straighter, and the girl bit down on her lower lip to keep in another sob, waiting for him to begin tonight’s story. “You know how the King came to one of the Crown Islands every few decades, to choose a new Bride when his former mortal wife had died?”
She nodded.
The King had to choose a new wife over and over again; he did not have the luxury to mourn or love only one single woman, because otherwise he’d lose touch with the mortal world, and would forget about the people and no longer come to their aid when they’d send out their messages, often asking, begging, crying for help.
“One day, he chose yet another new Bride,” the man began, and the girl closed her eyes to be swept away by the tale, “and the woman happily agreed to marry him.
“There was another woman, however, who also wanted to marry him, perhaps even more than the other—but as the King had already chosen a new wife, he could not accept her offer. Yet even after he left, the woman kept sending him messages, throwing them all into the sea, begging him to meet her. To choose her.”
The girl furrowed her brow, sniffling. “But he was already married.”
“He was. And so, he returned to tell her once more that he could not take her hand in marriage. Instead, he made her another kind of offer, which would still enable her to be at his side.”
“What?” The girl opened her eyes. “How?”
“He offered for the woman to become an Ocean Spirit.”
“One of his servants?” whispered the girl, surprised.
“Yes.” The man paused. “And she agreed to it.”
“What did she look like? What creature—”
“Hey, who’s telling the story here?”
The girl pressed her lips together instantly.
Fighting a laugh, he continued: “She became a graceful dolphin, destined to serve the King of the Ocean together with the other Spirits. She thanked the King and told him how happy it made her, and at first, she seemed as loyal as the others.
“Until she killed his wife.”
Pushing upright, the girl leaned back to stare at him.
The man nodded gravely, his gaze distant. “It appeared she’d only agreed to become a Spirit in order to get closer to him—as well as to his wife, only so she could take her life. She hadn’t expected to get caught in the act, though. Her plan to become the King’s next Bride fell to pieces instantly.
“The King, heartbroken and enraged, cast her out of his kingdom in the sea. He took away the powers he’d given her, so she was once again a human woman forced to live on land… however, he did not take away her immortality, so that she’d forever roam the world yearning for him—while knowing she would never have him. It was the greatest punishment he could give the woman.”
“She’s… She’s still alive?” The girl hesitated. “What is her name?”
But the man shook his head. “No one knows. The fifth Ocean Spirit has never been eternalized in any statue or any official painting. Her story only made it into few books. There is only Kaholo, the jellyfish; Ori, the manta ray; Luana, the turtle; and…”
“Maleah,” the girl finished softly, “the whale.”
“The fifth Ocean Spirit has vanished from almost all tales,” the man said just as quietly. “She is nameless. And aimless, roaming the Crown Islands, yearning for a love that has never been—a love turned toxic by her own hands the day she took the Bride’s life.”
The dull rush of crashing waves broke the silence when the man stopped speaking, and as the girl thought, replaying his words in her mind, she wrinkled her brow. “That is awful. Was this story really meant to cheer me up?”
At that, the man laughed only the way he could; his head thrown back, his eyes squeezed shut, his laughter almost deafening and yet, to the girl, so soothing. “It’s not a very pleasant tale, is it?” he chuckled. “But still,” he added, tapping the tip of her nose, “you did stop weeping.”

• • •

Back then, the man could often find a way to dry the girl’s tears.
Yet with his death, he became the very source of her pain.
She no longer only carried the ocean’s sorrow with her—but also her own.
14
With a sigh, Leilani lowers her hands from her hair, and meets her reflection in the bathroom mirror.
Wearing a bright red blouse and a white skirt, her thick hair collected into a loose bun on top of her head and with a healthy blush on her cheeks, she doesn’t look at all like how she feels.
Only her eyes betray her.
Usually a warm honey-brown, they now look dark and dull, the skin around them still slightly puffy.
If she wanted to, she could literally count the tears she has cried last night.
And still there’s this ache in her throat, this wobbly sensation in her chest, this shaky feeling in her hands, as if the slightest thing could push her over the edge and cause fresh pearls to roll down her cheeks all over again.
The sea isn’t done mourning yet. And neither is she.
They never are.
Swallowing thickly, she brushes a shorter lock of hair behind her ear—only to fall back again—, then takes a deep breath and forces herself to step out of the bathroom and face the new day.
The small hallway is dim, though a wide beam of sunlight caresses the floor as it spills through her bedroom window at the end of the hall; she’d left the door wide open out of habit.
She starts walking in its direction to close it—
The sound of someone coughing makes her pause, and she turns her head to the left, staring at the closed door of Han’s old bedroom. Hesitant, she steps over and listens, her hand hovering above the doorjamb.
Keanu is gasping for air, then coughs again.
Leilani hesitates. Then, she knocks and opens the door, cautiously coming inside. The curtains are still drawn and filtered sunlight streams into the room, casting the bed in soft shadows—and Keanu sitting next to it, doubled over on his hands and knees, coughing up water.
He’s trembling violently.
Leilani presses her lips together, feeling torn. Her instinct is to go over to him and touch a comforting hand to his back—but she can’t possibly forget the way he’d brushed her off and even recoiled from her yesterday.
Yet she can’t just watch him struggle alone, either.
Quietly, she lowers herself to her knees, watching him stiffen as he notices her. He keeps coughing, now thumping his fist to his chest, his eyes squeezed shut. After spitting out more water, he lowers his hand back to the floor, his arms shaking.
“Breathe in through your nose,” Leilani murmurs, again fighting the urge to reach out, “out through your mouth.”
She half expects him to turn away from her, or tell her to leave. Instead, he does just as she says, trying to even out his breathing.
“Are you okay?” she asks after a minute, keeping her voice soft.
Clearing his throat, he slowly looks up at her.
His face is unreadable as he studies her, as if searching for something, just like he did yesterday.
She can’t even guess what he might be looking for, and suddenly she grows aware of the weight of his gaze, how his attention seems to cling to every single one of her features—and she can’t decide whether he’s seeing perfections or imperfections.
And only just now does she actually notice he’s shirtless.
“Why don’t you go freshen up,” she says, rising and turning away from him, “and then I’ll go downstairs and make us some breakfast. I think you’re still recovering from nearly drowning. Your body needs to rest and strengthen,” she continues, because she can’t stop talking, distracting herself and keeping her traitorous eyes from taking peeks at his bare skin, still mesmerized by the muscles she saw a day ago, the raw power of him she’s never seen in a man before, especially not this close—
He cuts her off, his voice raspy and quiet: “You’ll make me… breakfast?”
Snapping her mouth shut, she turns to him. He’s standing now, though his shoulders are hunched, and he’s staring at her with the same look he did yesterday, in this very room, when she made the bed for him.
Almost as if he’s surprised, confused, in wonder, not quite believing what he’s seeing.
It really makes no sense for him to be looking at her like this.
Really, none.
Leilani furrows her brow a bit at him. “Of course. We both have to eat, right? And it’s no problem.” Not that I’m hungry, she thinks to herself.
Yet, whenever the ocean’s sorrow swallowed her up once again and she didn’t want to eat, Han always pointed out to her that she should still keep her strength up. And, according to him, anything could be fixed with a decent meal.
Her chest constricts at the memory of him.
She misses his optimism. His laughter. His kindness.
Shaking it off, she throws Keanu one last glance—at his face—before stepping out of the room. “I’ll see you downstairs, okay?”
Without waiting for a reply, she hurries down the steps—perhaps a bit faster than necessary—and opens some windows to let the fresh air in, glad to see the storm has moved on to haunt other islands and seas.
Moving around through the kitchen as she searches for ingredients, she briefly pauses in a shaft of sunlight streaming in through a window, her face lowered so she’s not blinded, her eyes half-closed as she follows the dust particles swirling through the air, dancing in the light. The warmth of the sun is pleasant on her skin, and she inhales the scent of flowers and moist earth wafting in from outside.
The peace of it carefully lifts the heaviness she feels in her heart.
Just a bit.
On mornings like this, nights like yesterday’s seem very far away. But she can always feel it cling to her, like a shadow licking her skin and whispering in the back of her mind.
She gets to work, and soon the hiss of the eggs frying on the stove fill the kitchen. She can still hear the telltale creak of wood when Keanu comes down, though, and turns to find him watching her at the bottom of the stairs. There’s some faint stubble on his jaw, he’s wearing the jeans and shirt she gave him, and she notices he hasn’t put on his shell necklace this morning. The sunlight falling onto the floor reflects and brightens his eyes, and for a moment he looks so mesmerizing, so captivating, Leilani can’t tear her gaze away from him.
Then, she does, swiftly so.
“Just sit down. I’ll be done in a minute,” she tells him, grateful her voice sounds steadier than she feels.
Dividing the rice, fried eggs, and a couple of bread slices over two plates, she puts them and two glasses of freshly squeezed orange juice on a tray before carrying them over to the table he’s chosen, one next to the wall.
She can’t help but notice he’s situated himself in such a way he can keep his eyes on all windows and the doors.
All exits.
He stares at his plate when she sets it in front of him, not reaching for his knife and fork, not doing anything.
Leilani almost moves to get up from her chair across him. “Is there something you don’t like to eat? I can make you something else—”
“No.”
It comes out quickly, and Leilani lowers back down hesitantly as his eyes flick up to her. “No,” he repeats, softer now, “it’s fine.”
A silence settles over them. Leilani’s lack of appetite only grows more lacking because of it, still she makes herself take a bite, keeping her attention wholly focused on her own plate. At least, she tries—she’s highly aware of Keanu scooping up a bit of rice and can’t stop herself from holding her breath until he takes a next bite. And another one, another one, until he’s eating eagerly, his head bowed down.
Smiling faintly, Leilani relaxes; she feels just like Han must’ve felt whenever he saw people enjoying his food. There’s just something about it that makes her feel… good.
It still doesn’t make her feel any hungrier herself, however, and as she pokes at the remains of her fried egg with her fork several minutes later, she steals a glance of Keanu as he takes a sip from his orange juice, noticing his throat bobbing up and down as he swallows.
His gaze meets hers.
Her breath catches and her first instinct is to look away, but she stops herself—and as she studies his face instead, the sharp lines and smooth skin that makes him look young, save for the scars, and the guarded, grave look in his eyes that makes him look so much older, she opens her mouth after a hesitation: “Can I ask you something?”
He tenses visibly, lowering his glass.
His expression has hardened in a heartbeat; though not in anger, but rather in caution.
Leilani feels her courage crumble, looks down and stabs her fork into her egg. “You don’t have to answer. I just wanted to know how old you are. But if you don’t want to tell me…”
Or can’t, because he’s an ancient King of the Ocean…
“Twenty-three.”
Hearing his voice, she looks up in surprise. “Oh,” she says.
He frowns slightly. “What?”
“Nothing. You just seem older.” She offers him a swift, faint smile. She takes a bite and chews, but stops when he asks:
“What about you?”
“Uhm…” She swallows, then shrugs. “Well, I think I’m twenty. I’m not entirely sure, though, since I can only remember the past decade of my life, and Han just kind of decided I was ten years old when he found me, so…” She shrugs again.
When she looks up, she finds Keanu looking her over, studying her face. “That seems about right,” he says softly.
She blinks, feeling warm under his attention.
“What does?” she manages.
“Your age,” he clarifies, slightly raising one of his eyebrows.
Oh. Yes. Of course.
She nods and purses her lips together, fixing her attention back on her breakfast.
“How is your arm?”
She straightens at his question, glancing at the bandage. “Fine, I think. I haven’t looked.”
He brings his glass to his lips again, but then lowers it. “I could take a look at it for you again. To make sure it’s healing well.” He pauses. “If you want me to.”
“Yes, that’s… I’d appreciate that. Thank you,” she adds, then picks up her own glass. Finishing the juice, she finds his glass also empty, as well as his plate. “Did you like it?”
He dips his head in a nod—and then, somehow, his gaze softens somewhat. “It was really good,” he says.
She can’t stop herself from smiling. “I’m glad.”
Rising, she begins to stack their plates back on the tray. Keanu looks from her half-eaten breakfast to her, though not saying a word. “I’m not really hungry,” she tells him, “and I should get going anyway; I need to get some grocery shopping done.”
Picking up the tray, she almost turns to carry it to the kitchen sink.
“Could I come along?”
Leilani looks at him, unable to hide her surprise.
“I should get to know the island. Now that I’m stranded here,” he adds.
“I… I’m sorry about that,” Leilani says after a hesitation.
“What for?” he asks, standing up. “None of this,” he continues quietly, taking the tray from her hands, “is your fault.”
Her head snaps up at that, but he has already stepped around her and is carrying the tray to the sink.
None of this is your fault.
No, it isn’t. He’s right. And yet, she’s been blamed for so much, she almost feels like every bad thing that happens is her responsibility.
But it isn’t. Maybe, this time, it isn’t.
15
These days, the buzzing noise of the market is a sound that always plucks at Leilani’s heartstrings, causing a twinge of nostalgia in her chest.
The voices, calling out the day’s special deals.
The murmurs of the people doing their grocery shopping, the occasional squeal or wail of young children.
The constant rush of the ocean in the distance; which can be easily spotted if you just turn your head, the clear water a blend of blue and green so vibrant it challenges the azure, cloudless sky above it.
Leilani slows down her steps, taking in the rows of market stalls before her, the fresh fruit and vegetables laid out on counters or in crates and baskets. She inhales the scents of bread, spices, and even candy. All wares are carefully kept out of the sun, and there’s an elderly woman swinging her cane at a few sea gulls, muttering at them to go away, then glaring at a little boy when he feeds them some bread crumbs. His mother quickly drags him along, apologizing profusely.
A breeze picks up, stirring the leaves of the palm trees fringing the market square, and Leilani exhales a soft sigh. Han always used to bring her along, buying her sweets even when she was already a teenager and rolled her eyes at him, telling him, embarrassed, that she wasn’t a child anymore.
She wouldn’t complain now.
She would no longer take his presence for granted.
Leilani glances to the side, finding Keanu taking in the busy market.
It’s like last night never happened. Everyone acts as if all is well. Not because they’ve forgotten—but simply because they’re just eager to move on, wanting to relish the respective normalcy of their lives.
And who can blame them, living under the Twins’ rule?
Picking up her pace again, Leilani weaves herself into the market crowd, her shoulders relaxing as she briefly feels like one of them again, just a girl doing her grocery shopping on a warm, sunny day, her skirt swirling around her legs, a cotton tote bag dangling from her arm.
But it’s a lie.
She’s not one of them, and neither is Keanu, and it’s painfully clear in the way that eyes first skip over them only to return a second later, the way in which gazes cling and burn, the way in which heads bow together and lips move in whispers. Fingers point and are then hastily shoved down, people recoil and walk the other way, others instead drop whatever they’re doing and openly stare, features tight and brows drawn low.
Leilani’s muscles tense again and unease twists her stomach into knots.
Keeping her head down, she makes her way over to one of the stalls selling vegetables. She senses Keanu hovering nearby as she waits in line and has to remind herself to keep breathing.
You have a right to be here, she tells herself.
Only it doesn’t feel that way.
The man in front of her leaves with his groceries, and Leilani takes a steadying breath as she steps forward, into the cooler shadow of the stall. The seller, a woman with round cheeks, falters when she meets Leilani’s gaze, her smile fading almost instantly.
Her name is Maya. She used to welcome Leilani with open arms.
Once upon a time.
Leilani swallows, then lifts a hand to point out the beans she’d like. “Could I have—”
“You cannot,” a brusque voice cuts her off. “Don’t sell her a damn thing, Maya.”
The woman looks up as her husband is suddenly at her side, at least two heads taller than her. There is a scowl on his weathered face, though Leilani knows that Ken can’t be older than thirty-five.
More eyes are drawn in Leilani’s direction.
Keanu is behind her, statue-still.
“I’m sorry,” Leilani says softly, barely meeting Maya’s husband’s gaze, “I’m just here to buy some food and ingredients for the restaurant, and then I’ll be gone—”
“Restaurant?” Ken barks out a laugh. “What restaurant? No one comes there—save for some traitors,” he adds loudly, and his gaze cuts to someone behind her, causing Leilani to glance over her shoulder. She stills when she finds Mr. and Mrs. Kahala, startled by the sudden attention and then fidgeting nervously under the dark looks shot their way.
Leilani’s face hardens.
“Keep them out of this.” She turns back to Ken, shaking her head. “They don’t deserve—”
“Shun Kama also didn’t deserve to get killed,” Ken hisses.
Her mouth immediately snaps shut, and her shoulders sag as the weight of guilt slams back into place, pulling her down and squeezing her heart.
In her mind’s eye, she sees his face as he gazed up at her last night, quietly defiant and accusing. In her head, she hears his wife screaming his name and then his family sobbing after he’d drowned right before their eyes, his body lifeless, unmoving.
Dead.
“But she did save you.” Ken has turned to Keanu, sizing him up. “Our mysterious stranger. How the hell did you even get on this island?”
“Darling,” Maya murmurs, putting a hand on his arm.
He doesn’t even seem to feel it, his eyes fixed on Keanu who merely stares back, his body tensed, his face unreadable. Ken steps around the stall and into Leilani’s space, forcing her to move back. He comes to stand right in front of Keanu. Ken is taller than he is, broader too. “You’re just like her, aren’t you?” he snarls, inclining his head toward Leilani without looking at her. “Can you weep pearls as well, then? The two of you must have quite the fortune. But no, you won’t share, will you? You keep it all to yourself and let the rest of us suffer,” he adds in a hiss.
Ken raises his hands and gives Keanu a push against his chest, shoving him back.
Leilani expects Keanu to merely step away, perhaps even recoil.
She thinks probably everyone does.
Instead, something shifts in his expression in the blink of an eye—and, just as fast, his fist flies forward in a blur, slamming into Ken’s jaw. The man staggers back in surprise, but before he can recover his balance, Keanu sweeps his feet from under him with a low, swift kick.
Before anyone grasps what has happened, Ken is lying on his back and Keanu is crouched over him, gripping his hair in his hand as he forces him to look him in the eye.
“I cannot weep pearls,” he says softly, deadly, “but I can make you weep blood.”
16
A hush has descended upon the market.
Everyone is staring.
Ken looks up at Keanu, breathless and speechless, his eyes wide.
Leilani can feel her heart pounding, and her cheeks are tingling as all blood seems to have been drained out of them. She blinks, still trying to comprehend what she just saw. Keanu isn’t short, nor is he skinny, but Ken… he’s twice his size, heavier, and not a minute ago, he was still towering over Keanu.
And yet, all of that meant nothing.
She blinks again—and that finally breaks the spell. She inhales sharply and steps forward, noticing how Keanu’s grip on Ken’s hair tightens as if he’s about to do something, like hurting him even more. “Just—let him go,” Leilani rushes out, her voice trembling. “Just stop. Please. Keanu,” she begs, because it’s as if her words are bouncing off an invisible wall, as if they’re falling into a wild ocean intent on drowning them.
But as she says his name, his fist holding Ken’s hair loosens suddenly. He’s absolutely still for several beats, but then he drags his gaze up, meeting Leilani’s.
Her breath catches in her throat.
His eyes—they’re as wild as they were yesterday when she’d just found him on the beach.
He blinks… and finally, his gaze clears, the feral snarl sliding from his face. His muscles relax somewhat, though the tendons in his neck are still strained. Slowly, he releases Ken and rises, stepping away. He flexes his hands at his side.
“We’re leaving,” Leilani says hoarsely, though she’s not even sure whether she’s telling the crowd, Keanu, or simply herself. Avoiding all eye contact, she turns around and begins to walk away from the market, her legs unsteady and feeling slightly numb. After a beat, she hears Keanu’s footsteps coming after her and she sees his shadow stretch out beside hers.
Quickening her stride, she doesn’t dare slow down until she has turned a corner and knows the market is out of sight. Still, she keeps on walking for a full minute, taking a different route than with which they came here, choosing the quiet streets lined with houses; children are at school, most people are at work.
She can’t meet anyone’s gaze right now.
She can’t…—
Her steps falter and then she stops, staring down at her feet before she dares to turn around.
Keanu stares back at her.
Expressionless. Emotionless. There’s not a hint of remorse.
There is absolutely nothing.
“You…” She shakes her head slightly, searching for words, not sure what, exactly, she actually wants to say. But then: “Do you realize what you’ve just done? You—You have turned yourself into a pariah. An enemy. And what you did,” she goes on, her hands growing cold, “will certainly reach the Twins’ ears.”
Even though she should know better by now, she actually expects to see a flash of shock in his eyes, or at least the smallest hint of unease.
But again, there is nothing.
“And then what?” he shoots back, low, impossibly calm. “They’ll drag me off to that castle of theirs?”
The flippant way in which he says that—
“That…— Don’t you understand how terrible that would be? You’d never come out alive again. You must understand that,” she adds desperately. He seemed to do last night, as he’d pointed out that she had saved him from certain torture and death.
He doesn’t reply, and his gaze wanders past her, peering into the distance.
Leilani stares at him for several beats.
It seems that he doesn’t understand at all. Not truly. Perhaps last night’s display of the Twins’ power and bloodlust wasn’t enough for him. Or maybe he is one of those people who get a kick out of danger, who relish violence.
She doesn’t know anything about this man.
Not a thing.
Except that… he both scares her and lures her in.
“I’m going back home,” she says. She doesn’t wait for his answer or a nod of acknowledgement, and just turns around and begins to walk, clutching her empty grocery bag in her trembling hand.
Behind her, she hears his shoes scrape over the brown pavement—and then how he gasps for air right before he begins to cough.
She whirls around, finding him having fallen to one knee, his shoulders jerking as he coughs wetly, a hand pressed to his chest. “Again?” she whispers, hurrying back to him. It takes less effort now to keep herself from touching him—she now knows how wild he truly is—but she remains near him until he has caught his breath.
“Maybe,” she begins carefully as he drags the back of his hand across his mouth, “you should really go see a doctor—”
“No,” he says before she can finish, his voice rough, avoiding her gaze.
Leilani sighs and briefly closes her eyes.
Wild, violent, stubborn, and stupid.
“Can you walk?” she asks then.
“I’m fine.” He forces himself to stand and straightens his back, still not meeting her eye, and moves to step around her.
He staggers. His breath catches.
Wordlessly, Leilani wraps an arm around his waist to support him. He grows rigid and she senses him looking down at her, but now she refuses to glance up, while telling herself not to notice the firmness of his body, nor how she can feel the strength of his muscles, or his body heat seeping through his shirt.
“Come on,” she just mutters, taking a step forward.
Reluctantly, he moves along—and then, after a final hesitation, slightly leans onto her as he drapes his arm over her shoulders.

• • •

Sunset draws near, and a ray of light brushes the pages of the book in Leilani’s hands. She’s sitting on her bed, leaning into the pillows she has set against the wall.
Sighing, she gives up and closes the book, letting it rest on her stomach as she slumps down on her bed until she’s lying on her back, exhaustion weighing her down. There’s only so many times you can read the same sentence over and over again.
The song of cicadas screeching into the sunset and the rush of the sea make her take a deep breath and close her eyes; they feel tired and they burn slightly. She has wept for over an hour this afternoon, unable to keep the deep-rooted sorrow in. Swallowing, she turns her head to the side and opens her eyes again, her gaze catching on a few stray pearls she has missed as she scrambled around earlier to put them in the box she kept.
Her head is pounding. She’s so tired, it makes her feel sick.
Sorrow is like an illness.
It is a thief that steals all hope and light, leaving behind an abyss of emptiness and exhaustion. The feeling as if nothing matters anymore. And yet, it does.
Everything matters.
And that, time and time again, gives Leilani hope—only for it to be stolen once more.
Just like the Crown has been stolen from the King, and so, the true King stolen from the sea.
Leilani gazes up at the ceiling. Not so long ago, she heard Keanu leave Han’s room and go outside. She doesn’t know where he went. She didn’t dare check on him, either. She’s seen what he’s capable of. She already suspected, tasted a bit of it when they met, but…
He frightens her, in a way.
Does he truly need to be protected from the Twins? Or could it actually be the other way around?
Again, she recalls herself writing the letter two days ago. Again, she recalls herself throwing it into the ocean. Again, she recalls finding Keanu the next morning, this inexplicable stranger who suddenly appeared as if… summoned.
Don’t be ridiculous.
He’s just a man.
She huffs out a sigh, then glances at the clock. Time for dinner. She’s not hungry and she doesn’t have much food left—but Han’s voice is never far from her mind, scolding her. Leilani drags herself off her bed, tucks a few loose strands of hair back into her bun, and goes downstairs. Reddish sunlight streams into the restaurant and hits the wooden starfish suspended from the ceiling, who in turn throw shadows on the walls and the floor. The windows are already open, still Leilani wanders over to the doors to open them as well. She pauses to gaze outside at the beach, a breeze stirring a lock of hair curled against her cheek.
Seagulls cry and swoop down to snatch fish from the water. The palm trees are nearly motionless, tall and majestic against the blue-purple-red sky. The white sand takes on a soft, pink shade in the palette of the sunset, and…
Leilani’s gaze swerves back.
There are clothes lying in the sand, as if carelessly discarded. She steps onto the porch, narrowing her eyes, searching the beach and then the sea for the person the clothes might belong to. But there’s no one.
Her gaze snags on the clothes again. She’s too far away, she can’t possible tell for sure, but it… kind of looks like the jeans and the white T-shirt she gave to Keanu yesterday.
The same he wore today.
Her heart skips a beat and again, she searches the beach, then the sea.
There is no one.
17
He almost drowned yesterday—
He’s still coughing up water—
Leilani has rushed outside and only once she’s already running down the hill does she realize she has forgotten to put her sandals on. But she keeps on going, barely aware of the rough and sometimes rocky earth beneath her bare feet, anxiety and panic quickening her pulse and motions.
She nearly trips over the hem of her skirt, but she recovers and runs on, and soon her feet sink down into the soft sand of the beach. She hurries past a palm tree, staggers closer to the water, then comes to a halt near the clothes. She picks up the shirt.
This is Keanu’s.
Breathing hard, the evening cicadas turn into a dull screech in her ears, while the rushing ocean waves transform into a roar as she gazes out at the sea, searching the clear water, catching glimpses of colorful fish.
She doesn’t see him anywhere.
But he should’ve gotten up for air by now, he—
Not allowing the thought to finish, Leilani hastily undresses until she’s in her underwear, then wades into the warm water. Shells dig into the soles of her feet as she tries to walk as fast as she can, until it is deep enough for her to start swimming. Underneath her, sand gradually gives way to rocks, and small fish flit by, startled by her presence.
Then, without bothering to take a breath, she dives under the surface.
The world turns quiet instantly, as if she has entered a bubble of silence, a distant world where there are no voices, no music, barely even a thought as she lets her eyes roam over rocks, vibrant coral, and fish in colors too bright to even describe.
And she breathes in.
Out.
And in again.
Besides being able to weep actual pearls, besides having no memories of where she came from, this is the third thing about herself that reminds Leilani, time and time again, that there is something other about her. Something she can’t explain.
Her being able to breathe under water is the one secret the Twins don’t know about.
She’s determined to keep it that way.
Moving slowly, she allows herself to float down until her feet touch the ocean floor—but then she looks to her right and her gaze immediately snags on a figure lying on one of the rocks.
Keanu.
He’s on his back, his eyes closed.
Jolting back into motion, Leilani pushes away from the ocean floor, hard, then swims toward him as fast as she can, her heart in her throat. Her motions are graceful, swift, her lean body almost moving like a fish as if made for the water.
As if born for the sea.
She grabs his arm and prepares herself to drag him up, already worrying she might not be strong enough—
His eyes fly open.
Their gazes lock.
Surprise briefly softens his features as he stares at her, but she wastes no more time and pulls him along. He breaks free of her grip and with a single, powerful stroke of his arms he has easily caught up with her.
They reach the surface at the same time, and sounds return; the rolling waves, the crying gulls. Blinking water from her eyelashes, Leilani takes a moment to stare at Keanu, her pulse still racing. “Are you okay?!” She takes in his face, again and again. “I saw your clothes on the beach— You were down there for so long, and I didn’t see you come up, and I thought you’d drowned—”
Cutting herself off, she gives a shake of her head. “Come on, let’s get to shore,” she says, but then pauses. “Can you swim—”
He’s already moving. She falls into the same rhythm of motion beside him, and only stops once she can put her feet back down on the sand. She straightens and stops, dragging a hand through her wet hair to slick back some loose locks, the water now reaching just below her waist. “Honestly,” she pants, “what were you doing?”
Keanu turns to her, his hair plastered to his neck. “Just felt like going for a swim,” is all he says.
Her lips part. Then, she raises an eyebrow. “You nearly drowned a day ago,” she points out, speaking slowly, “and yet you felt like going for a swim?”
Can’t he hear how idiotic that sounds?
He doesn’t reply and just looks back at her. Droplets of water cling to his body, glistening in the red light of the setting sun. His tan skin looks almost golden, and she can’t stop her gaze from tracing the sharp lines and ridges of his muscles, dropping down to his abdomen, then back up his powerful, wide chest, moving in time with his breathing.
Catching herself, she forces her attention not to linger on the scar marring his skin there, and so her gaze leaps up to his face.
Only to find his eyes are on her.
Tracing her collarbones. Sweeping over her breasts. Wandering to the dips and curves of her waist and hips.
She instantly recalls she’s only wearing her underwear.
They both are.
Her throat has become dry and her skin burns under his attention—it’s a soft, pleasant tingle, even while her stomach flutters nervously. She can’t stop herself from trying to read his expression, to figure out what he might be thinking, what he might be seeing, even.
“When you live on an island,” he suddenly says, immediately distracting her, “you can’t afford to be afraid of the sea.”
At that, she recalls him lying on the rock again, looking… so calm, now that she thinks about it. He wasn’t unconscious. He hadn’t drowned.
Once more, she remembers herself throwing a message into the ocean.
She shrugs off the thought. “I’m just glad you’re okay,” she says, shaking her head.
His brow furrows.
“What?” she asks, frowning slightly herself.
“You really were worried.” He sounds taken aback. Confused. He hesitates, then adds: “You don’t even know who I am.”
Is that necessary in order to worry about someone having drowned or not? She doesn’t think so, but suddenly she’s once again too aware of how close they are to each other—she moves to start wading back to the beach.
His voice halts her motions: “Aren’t you afraid of me? After what you saw me do today.”
Hesitating, Leilani runs her fingers through the water lapping against her hips, the gentle waves pushing against her, sparkling in the sunlight. Yes, a part of her is scared of him. And yet, she can’t bring herself to tell him this. Because another part, for some reason, is more afraid of hurting his feelings somehow.
“What happened at the market… it’s all my fault, really,” she says instead. “The only reason that Maya’s husband challenged you was because of me; because I defended you last night. That immediately made you an enemy in everyone’s eyes.”
She wants to stop at that, but then she can’t keep herself from adding: “Also, I don’t have the right to judge anyone. I’m… different myself as well.”
Keanu’s silent for a bit. “You’re talking about your tears turning into pearls?”
“Yes, and… I can breathe,” she says quietly, and she’s not even sure why she is telling Keanu this of all people, “under water.”
She peeks a glance at his reaction, and to her surprise, his eyes have actually widened somewhat.
This is what draws a response out of him? Not the threat of the Twins torturing and killing him—but this?
It doesn’t make sense.
Nothing about him does.
“Anyway,” she continues, shrugging, “all those things about me… I can imagine that might frighten anyone else too. People would be scared if they knew of all the things I can do.”
“All the things?” Keanu studies her. “What else is there?”
Instead of answering, she closes her eyes… and focuses again on the waves lapping against her body, but then her mind dives deeper, into the water, into the very sea, and her throat almost closes up when its sadness washes over her. She slowly runs her fingers through the water again, as if caressing it.
Hush, her touch whispers, I’m here now.
Something stirs to life.
Like sunlight hitting the waves.
A flicker of hope.
A careful rush of joy.
She hears Keanu inhale sharply. His hand suddenly closes down on her arm and he tries to pull her away. “Watch out—”
Leilani opens her eyes.
And a smile curves her lips at the sight of the jellyfish that are drifting toward them, as if attracted to her. Because they are. Her smile grows and a weight slides off of her, her heart lifts, her entire body softens as quiet delight runs through her veins; as wordless elation colors her soul.
“Don’t move,” she tells Keanu, gently tugging her arm free. “It’s okay. They’re sweet, these creatures.” Not at all like the ones that the Twins control.
He throws her a bewildered look.
So, the wild stranger does have emotions.
She focuses on the jellyfish instead as they lazily swirl around her and Keanu; the palm of her hand would perfectly curve around them. And they do, as soon as they’re close enough, and she gently strokes their smooth, umbrella-shaped bells.
Each and every one she touches, takes on a pink or purple glow.
They brighten.
Like lanterns of the ocean.
“You see?” She can’t help but smile at Keanu, her features lit up, highly aware of the genuine joy glowing on her face. “As I told you… the sea and I, we are one. I respond to the ocean; and it, in turn, responds to me.”
18
Bobbing to the surface, the jellyfish nearly seem to beg for her attention. Their pink and purple light reflects softly against her hands as she is petting them gently, and she stifles a giggle when their thin tentacles brush her legs, harmless.
There is no burn. No pain.
These creatures are beauty, serenity.
Joy.
Feeling light and calm, Leilani is still smiling—but only truly realizes she is doing so when she looks up at Keanu, finding the purple and pink light shimmering in the droplets of water clinging to his skin.
He sees her smile.
And he stares at her, his face softening instantly, his harsh features growing slack as if surprised or even mesmerized.
Her cheeks grow warm and she quickly looks away, still caressing the jellyfish. “This is what I meant to tell you last night; my moods are dependent on the ocean’s. The sea was sad today,” she adds softly, “but it’s feeling a bit happier now.”
Its broken heart, possibly forever fractured, is mending just a little.
“Because you are here?” Keanu asks.
She nods after a beat. “Yes, sometimes… it does seem like me being in the sea somehow comforts it.”
Keanu slightly shifts his stance. “The Twins wear the Crown,” he says after a silence, “but you’re the true Queen of the Ocean.”
That makes Leilani look back up at him, only to find no humor in his eyes, not a trace of it on his face. He’s serious. She shakes her head, smiling faintly now. “There has never been a Queen, you must know that,” she tells him, allowing her tone to be a bit teasing. “Only the King and his Brides. Until the Twins stole his Crown and stripped him off his power,” she adds more solemnly, and she can’t help herself checking Keanu’s expression.
But he doesn’t respond to her words, instead eying the jellyfish floating around them a bit cautiously.
She wants to tell him they won’t poison him; they won’t as long as he’s with her, and she won’t ever tell them to hurt anyone. Instead, she just grins at him. “Shall we go back?”
He nods, but hesitates, moving only when Leilani does and the jellyfish begin to drift aside for her, clearing a path. She murmurs her goodbyes as she caresses them for a final time, feeling a warmth inside her that softens the lingering sorrow some more until all that is left is joy.
Back on the beach, Keanu picks up his discarded shirt and jeans, shaking them. A small crab falls out of it, then hastily skitters away. As Leilani gathers her own clothes, she can’t help but steal another glance at him—catching him doing the same, looking at her, his eyes tracing her body.
She grows still.
It makes her feel warm, her skin tingly. So different from when the Twins look at her like that. This, too, steals the breath from her lungs—but she doesn’t feel like covering herself up, she doesn’t feel the need to run away and hide, her skin crawling and a sick sensation in her stomach.
No, this fills her with a fluttery feeling instead, excitement and maybe a little bit of insecurity, too, because once more she can’t help but wonder what he sees when he looks at her.
And why, exactly, he’s studying her like this.
Their gazes cross and they both look away at the same time, though neither of them bothers getting dressed again; there is no one around, the sun is warm, and it’s just a minute of walking to the restaurant.
Following Keanu’s gaze, she finds him now staring at the sea. Above it, the sun is shifting closer to the horizon, setting the sky aflame. The reds and oranges touch the water as well, but they can still see the purple and pink orbs that are the jellyfish.
The sight of it makes another rush of joy swell in Leilani’s chest.
“Let’s go inside,” she says. “I’ll make us some dinner.”
Keanu turns toward her—for some reason looking puzzled. “You’ve already made me breakfast today,” he points out tonelessly.
“Yes,” she says slowly, “but you can’t live on breakfast alone, now can you? It won’t be anything special, though,” she adds quickly. “I really need to do my grocery shopping, so…”
The reminder causes Keanu’s jaw to tighten and he looks away.
Leilani hesitates. “I’m going to visit another town tomorrow to go to the market; there, the people don’t know who I am. I mean, they don’t recognize my face. The only downside is, I’ll have to travel by bus and drag my grocery bags with me all the way.” Another hesitation, watching his body language carefully. “Would you mind coming with me and lending me a hand?”
His attention snaps back to her face.
“You sure?” he asks after a pause, his brow furrowed.
“I know today didn’t go really well, but…” She shrugs, shaking off the memory, and smiles at him. “But you said you wanted to get to know the island. This way, I can show you around for a bit. I’m pretty sure no one would recognize you, either. We won’t run into any trouble.”
He seems to think for a moment, then dips his head. “All right.”
“Great! Let’s go inside and eat,” she adds, and with her clothes in her arms, she moves to cross the beach and start climbing the hill.
But she stops when she hears his voice behind her, and turns to him. The wind pulls at her wet hair, brushing against her bare skin. Again, she can’t help but notice the words he says seem strange for him to say, as if he’s not quite used to them:
“Thank you,” he says.
His voice is quiet.
He suddenly seems younger.
Perhaps, she muses, the stranger is not as wild as he appears to be.
19
The sun is pleasantly hot on Leilani’s skin, and the breeze warm; the world feels soft today. Gentle and hopeful.
Joyous, as if she’s still standing in the ocean, surrounded by sweet, glowing jellyfish.
When she visited her hometown market yesterday, the sight and sounds and scents of it had filled her with an aching melancholy, as she was still carrying the sea’s sorrow with her—today, however, as she roams a different market from a nearby town, everything simply sends a rush of energy through her.
Moving from one stall to the next, Keanu walking quietly at her side, she’s relieved to find strangers smiling back at her. Whenever she’s not in the middle of a purchase, she eagerly takes in the scents, the sounds, every single detail:
The stalls are wooden carts, placed at either side of a long path that curves slightly, in between streetlights and trees. Colorful birds fly overhead, from branch to branch, their screams piercing through the low murmur of the crowd. Dappled sunlight covers the ground, the white specks moving in time with the wind. Small salamanders hop onto crates and baskets, and children gather around them, fascinated and squealing in either shock or delight when long tongues dart out to catch flies.
Stepping away from yet another stall, Leilani glances at Keanu. Earlier, he wordlessly took the grocery bags from her hands, and he’s been carrying them ever since. She knows she asked for his help, but she hadn’t meant for him to carry everything.
“I think that’s it,” she says, folding her grocery list. She flashes him a smile. “Let’s get something to drink before we head back.”
She doesn’t bother to hide the spring in her step as she leads him away from the market and to a café, where they pick a table on the elevated, wooden terrace, ordering some cold lemonade as they settle in the shadow of a parasol.
Sipping from her glass, Leilani lets out a contented sigh as she gazes out over the street below, lined with small shops, the walls covered in ivy and flowers. Hibiscus shrubs are planted between the buildings, and butterflies flutter around them.
Although she notices Keanu’s constant caution—she’s pretty certain he’s not taking in the beauty like she is, but is rather scanning the street and terrace for danger—, she sees his grip on his glass relax somewhat.
“I didn’t think…” he begins, then pauses. He only continues when she looks at him. “That it’d be so peaceful here.” His brow furrows. “The stories we heard about Hibiscus on the other islands made us all believe it had turned into a dark place.”
“Only when the Twins are around,” Leilani says softly, peering into her glass of pale-yellow lemonade.
“Why do you stay at your restaurant?” Keanu suddenly asks. “Yesterday… The people clearly don’t want you there. But here, no one even seems to know who you are. Why not move?”
Snippets of other conversations on the terrace drift toward her, but Leilani barely hears it, clicking her nails against her glass as she tries not to give in to the darkening of her mood. “Because,” she replies at last, “the Twins won’t let me leave.”
She gestures around them. “They allow me to leave my town for a day, but if I stay away longer than that, their guards will come to take me back. Their human guards—but also their non-human guards,” she adds meaningfully, and Keanu’s features tighten.
His toned forearms braced on the table, he leans a little closer toward her. “You tried?”
She nods, pressing her lips together. “After Han’s death, I tried to run away a couple of times. I simply wanted to abandon the restaurant. To live somewhere quietly. I even tried to run to the forest, but they tracked me down at night, and…” She stops, suppressing a shiver at the memory.
“They want to keep you there, to make your life miserable.” Keanu narrows his eyes. “So that you’ll eventually cave and surrender to them.”
“That’s right,” Leilani sighs, then quickly takes a sip of lemonade to distract herself.
Keanu is silent for a bit. “But why bother doing your shopping in your own town—except that it’s a hassle to travel by bus? It must be… easier here,” he decides.
“I just,” she begins, peering down in her glass again, “want to support the people in my town. Paying them for their products is the only safe way I can give them my pearls.” She drops her voice to a whisper: “I’ve once tried just giving them away, to help people out… but they were all executed by the Twins, for false reasons they told the citizens. That’s—That’s why I don’t do it anymore. But no one understands. No one believes me.”
A thick silence falls between them, and as she feels Keanu studying her, she half-expects him to ask her why she would even want to support people like them, while they resent her so and treat her badly. She has asked herself the same question several times.
It’s just that she can’t bring herself to hate them.
Her memories of before—before Han’s death, before her secret got exposed—are still much too strong. She’ll never forget how they welcomed her, how they smiled at her, how they made her feel she was one of them. How they gave her a home.
But Keanu doesn’t say anything and instead finishes his glass. She does the same and then they spend some more time simply gazing down at the people roaming the street below the terrace, both of them lost in thought. In the end, Leilani pays the tab, and she notices Keanu’s gaze lingering on her pearls. He only speaks once they’re leaving, his voice low so only she can hear him: “What do the Twins even need all those pearls for?”
“No one knows,” Leilani says, shaking her head. They descend the wooden stairs and she leads him through a narrow alley, to a quieter backstreet. “I’ve… heard the Twins say something strange, though, that night,” she begins after a hesitation, throwing Keanu a sideward glance. “Haku, he—wanted to execute you.”
His steps barely falter. His grip on the grocery bags merely tightens.
“But Akamai stopped him, saying they couldn’t afford to take too many lives. He pointed out they had to spare some, because otherwise they won’t have enough pearls. Which is the sole reason they decided to let you live,” she adds, trying to ignore the sickening lurch in her stomach.
“It sounds like they need the pearls in order to survive,” Keanu observes.
Leilani shrugs. “I guess.”
They make their way to the bus stop in silence—except for the one time Leilani asks him if she should carry a bag, to which he just shakes his head—and once in the bus, they sit next to each other and gaze out the windows as they pass by rice terraces, some small houses, and people wearing broad hats working in the fields. It always looks like hard work to Leilani, yet there’s something so peaceful about it.
Or perhaps that’s just Hibiscus Island. The sunny days, the balmy breeze, the bright colors of plants and flowers, it has such a dreamy quality to it, that makes it seem impossible to fathom it is all ruled by the Twins.
Dark souls like them don’t belong in such a bright place.
“What is Anthurium Island like?” she asks, not looking away from the view.
Keanu remains silent for so long she starts to think he’s not going to answer, but then: “It’s bigger. There are actual cities, with tall buildings.”
“Like skyscrapers?” she asks, turning to him, realizing too late she’s sounding much too eager. It’s just that she has never seen them, and only read about them in books.
“Yes.” Keanu studies her for a second, almost with something resembling faint amusement. But then he’s already looking out the window again. “It’s very different from here.”
As he says it, his gaze turns distant. But not in a dreamy or wistful way. Once more, Leilani notices something hard in his eyes. Something cold.

• • •

The sound of coughing startles her awake.
Leilani’s eyes fly open and for several beats, she peers into the shadows of her bedroom—which briefly turn a deep blue as a strange glow washes inside, penetrating the curtains.
Slimy, wet noises pass by the window. Reminded of the dark sea creatures patrolling the streets at night, Leilani nearly pulls up her sheets to cover her head.
But the coughing hasn’t stopped.
The last, heavy traces of sleep finally leave her.
Again? She pushes up, dragging her hair away from her face. This can’t be normal. After a brief hesitation, she gets out of bed and steps into the hallway, rubbing her eyes.
Soft light leaks out from under Han’s—Keanu’s—bedroom door, which spills over her bare feet as soon as she opens it, finding him on the edge of the bed, doubled over and clutching the front of his shirt.
“Keanu?” She hurries over to him, bending so their faces are level.
As he coughs into his fist, Leilani’s gaze drifts down to two sheets of paper on the floor. They must’ve fallen. She frowns. They look like letters. One appears to be quite old, the edges curling and slightly torn, as if it’s been unfolded and refolded many times. There are even faded crayon drawings on it, child-like, of fish and flowers, and…
She stills.
Slowly, she picks up both letters. The handwriting on the newer one looks more familiar. Still, she also recognizes the older letter all too well.
Her name is signed at the bottom of both.
“But…” she whispers, and only now does she realize that Keanu has stopped coughing and that he’s watching her, catching his breath. She shakes her head, the paper crinkling in her hands. “These letters are mine.”
Leilani looks up. “They’re the letters I’ve sent to the King of the Ocean.”
20
The oldest letter is from when she was ten years old, a few months after Han had found her; a few months after her life began.
Leilani’s eyes drift over the words, written in the slightly jumbled hand of her child-self. It’s an innocent letter, full of hope, in which she asked the King for his help.

“I love Han so much, he’s my new father and he’s great. And I love this island, it’s so beautiful. I just wish everyone could be happy, and I’m sure they will be if the Twins would be defeated.
They have your Crown, don’t they? You should just take it back. I’ll even help you, if you want me to.
I know I can.”

Faded crayon drawings of hibiscus flowers, turtles, and butterflyfish float around the words.
As Leilani stares at the letter, she’s only half-aware of Keanu watching her, absolutely motionless. She can’t tear her eyes away from it, rereading it a second time, then a third. It… amazes her. The innocence that pours from the words, but also the surprising strength. She seemed so confident, so certain that everything could be fixed.
I was confident because I didn’t know anything yet.
Because I had never been hurt yet.
Breathing shakily, she reads the other letter. This one is from three years ago, just after Han’s death; just after the Twins declared her their bride-to-be.
There is such pain in this one. Such desperation. It’s so raw, as she begged the King of the Ocean for help.
This letter, Leilani reads only once—because, as she does, she suddenly remembers how she wept while writing it. How cold and alone and scared she felt. How she kept on scraping her pen across the paper, even though she could barely see through the blur in her eyes.
Feeling faint, Leilani lowers both letters.
“Where is the third?” she whispers.
Keanu, looking ragged and his hair disheveled, merely frowns at her.
Leilani’s head is spinning.
“How,” she manages. “How did you get these? Why do you have my letters?”
“I found them.” His voice is rough from coughing, but steady. He levels his gaze on hers. “The first one, around ten years ago. The second—”
“Three years ago,” she finishes for him, then swallows.
“Somehow,” he says, his eyes wandering to the letters, “they both found their way to me.”
“Both. You found them both,” Leilani repeats, confused, “and kept them.”
“The first one…” He hesitates, and something softens about his demeanor. “I found and then kept the first one, because the words… were hopeful. And I needed that—a little bit of hope.” His eyebrows knit together. “I’ve read it so many times, I can recite it from memory. It made me believe that… not all was dark. Not everyone was rotten.”
Leilani listens to him, speechless.
Unsure what to think. What to feel.
“Then, after seven years,” Keanu continues, his eyes now on the other letter in her hands as he rises from the bed, “I found a second message in a bottle. The handwriting had changed. Matured. And the voice too. The words weren’t hopeful anymore. They were dark. But the name signed at the bottom… was the very same.”
He steps closer to her. “You’re Leilani. This Leilani.” He carefully brushes a hand over the letters, waiting for her to meet his eyes. They aren’t so stormy right now—rather, they’re dark and still, like the calm that descends before a storm. “Aren’t you?”
Is she imagining things, or is there really a flicker of hope in his gaze?
Does she truly see that silent yearning?
Those emotions under the surface, carefully held in check?
All she does is nod.
“Leilani,” he murmurs, and something about the way he says her name makes her shiver, as if it’s a secret that only belongs to the two of them. “So it is you,” he whispers faintly, as if not entirely believing it.
She’s still speechless, but she feels she has to say something, and so the same words spill from her tongue again: “But how did you find them? I mean, did they just… wash ashore at the beach of Anthurium? Both of them, only to be found by you? Twice? What are the odds…”
She trails off, her thoughts racing, swirling, intertwining while her mind tells her it’s not possible—and yet, she’s reminded of the girl she used to be, the girl from that first letter… and it’s like that very girl’s heart has suddenly reawakened in her chest, pounding with hope.
Leilani is trembling as she takes in Keanu’s face, momentarily losing herself in his gray eyes. Outside, something blue and glowing passes by the window and then drifts away, and a thundering groan echoes in the sky, shaking the walls and shivering in her bones.
But all she truly sees, all she’s truly aware of is the man before her.
The wild stranger from the sea.
An enigma.
“Are you him?” she whispers. “The true King?”
It almost looks like he has stopped breathing as he holds her gaze, unmoving.
“Did you receive my letters… and finally listen?” she adds, her whisper so soft she can barely hear herself.
His face is unreadable as he stares at her; she can’t even guess at what the look that flickers in his eyes means.
“What if I were?” he asks.
Steadily. Calmly. Quietly.
The letters shiver in her hands as they start to shake even more, and her voice is uneven. “Then… Then I want to ask you… Can you defeat the Twins? Can you stop them? Or,” she adds a bit fainter, her eyes burning and her shoulders sagging, “could you at least save me and take me away from here?”
21
Leilani holds her breath, waiting for his answer, her heart pounding in her throat. The silence between them is heavy, merely disturbed by another deep groan from the sky.
All Keanu does is stare back at her, his features tight, his gaze alive with something she can’t read. As usual.
“Can you?” she whispers.
The shaking of her limbs grows worse. She doesn’t know what to believe. Could he truly be the mythical King from the depths of the ocean? Or is it all just a fantasy?
She wants to hear his answer. Needs to hear it.
And yet, when his lips part, when he finally opens his mouth to reply… she finds herself swiftly averting her face and then pushing the letters into his hands. “No, never mind. It’s okay,” she rushes out. “You—don’t have to answer that.”
Even if it isn’t true… the mere thought of him being the true King strengthens her. And gives her some hope.
No matter how fragile.
She turns around and hurries over to the door.
“Wait.”
Her heart skipping a beat, she instantly jerks to a halt. She looks back at him, nerves fluttering.
He holds the letters up. “Would you… like them back? After all, they’re yours.”
At that, the near-hysteria swirling through her stomach and climbing into her chest settles down, leaving her feeling faint. She takes him in, looking at the careful way he’s holding the letters. He looks so wild, so dangerous, so violent—but he holds them gently, almost reverently.
“No,” she says softly. “I really think they’re yours now.”
Whoever you are. Whatever they truly mean to you.
She crosses the threshold, then the hallway, somehow managing not to trip over her trembling legs. She closes her bedroom door behind her, dragging a hand through her hair, staring off into nothingness, until a faint blue glow lights up the curtains.
Quietly, she makes her way over to the window and tugs the fabric aside, gazing at the dark town stretched out below the hill, where cursed jellyfish drift through the streets, glowing in the shadow cast over the island by the flying whale high up in the sky, blocking out the moon and stars.
She swallows, watching the creatures with the strangest of tingles in her chest.
“Maybe,” she whispers, pressing her hand to the cool glass, “one day we can all be saved, after all.”

• • •

Feverishly scrubbing the kitchen sink, Leilani glances up at the broken window above it, replaced with a board of wood. She still needs to get it fixed.
Considering everything that has happened, though, it just feels so unimportant.
She blinks, her motions faltering, then twists open the tap and starts rinsing the sink with water. Although she’s spent the last couple of hours cleaning the kitchen, she’s not expecting any customers. She just tries to keep herself occupied, to keep herself from thinking about…
About Keanu.
About the King.
About whether they truly could be one and the same.
Sighing, she wrings out the sponge and closes the faucet. Just as she turns to dry her hands on a towel, a broad-shouldered figure fills the doorway as he steps inside, his shadow stretched out on the floor as the sun illuminates him from behind.
Keanu comes to a halt as his gaze crosses hers, dragging a hand through his half-long hair. He went for a run. He’s been gone for over an hour, and Leilani spots the sweat stains on his shirt. She’s given him more of Han’s clothes, since they fit him well enough and it appears he hasn’t brought along much in his bag himself.
The same strange silence from breakfast this morning falls over them like a hush.
A hush of unanswered questions.
Desperate to break it, Leilani flashes him a smile, grabs a clean glass and fills it with water, offering it to him over the counter.
His warm fingers brush hers as he takes it.
A brief touch. And yet, it lingers.
“Thanks,” he says.
She just nods—and hastily tries to find herself something else to do, so she can’t get distracted by the sharp angles of his face, more pronounced since he has shaved himself this morning, his skin tanned and smooth; or by the sheen of sweat coating his collarbones; or the way his bicep flexes as he lifts the glass. But even as she’s not looking at him, she can’t stop thinking about what he told her last night; how, apparently, her first letter gave him hope. How he read it over and over again. How it helped him believe in something—something more.
Maybe… she should have let him answer her question last night. Whether he really is the true King, or—
The sounds of footsteps and voices drawing near interrupts her thoughts. Keanu whirls around and Leilani looks up, just when there’s a knock on the doorpost. Leilani’s eyes widen in surprise at seeing the girl now standing in the opening, with bleached strands in her dark hair. Apart from her many shell necklaces, she’s also wearing a camera around her neck.
“Hina,” Leilani says, stepping around the counter.
She grins at Leilani, then turns around. “Come on, you two! Hurry up, will you?”
“Yeah… we’re… nearly there,” wheezes a voice.
“I should really exercise more. My legs…”
Leilani’s face brightens when she sees another girl and a young man come up behind Hina, their cheeks flushed. The girl is fanning herself, while the guy tugs at the collar of his tank top, trying to catch his breath.
Hina grins at her again, hesitantly this time. “Is it okay if my friends and I grab some lunch here?”
There’s something cautious about the way she asks it, as if she half-expects not to be welcome. After all, the last time she was here, Akamai and Haku ordered her and the Kahalas to leave, which they all did. Hina tried to rebel, but in the end, all she could do was hurry out of here.
Knowing the Twins, Leilani could never blame her for that.
“Of course.” She smiles, then gestures around at the tables. “Please, sit down.”
“Don’t mind if I do,” the girl moans, collapsing on a chair.
Leilani hesitates. “I’m sorry, I haven’t prepared a menu for today. I hadn’t expected…—”
“That’s totally fine, we’ll eat anything. It’ll taste great anyway. Right, guys?” Hina turns to her friends, who both give a thumbs up. Pulling her camera over her head, Hina puts it on the table, but instead of sitting down, she moves closer to Leilani. “Are you okay?” she asks softly. “After the ceremony… and I also heard what happened at the market yesterday…”
At that, her gaze drifts over to Keanu who is still standing at the counter, watching the newcomers carefully. Soon Hina’s friends are staring at him as well, and Leilani is pretty sure they’re all noticing his harsh, guarded expression and the stiffness of his posture, as if he’s about to leap forward and pounce like a great cat from the depths of a forest. Hina shuffles back a step.
This isn’t going very well.
“I’m fine,” she tells Hina quietly, then smiles reassuringly at seeing her frown. “This is Keanu,” she then introduces him, making her voice as airy as possible.
Hina’s friends merely blink at him—but Hina inclines her head to Keanu, while nonchalantly sliding her hands into the back pockets of her shorts. “Hi. Nice to meet you.”
“See these photos?” Leilani walks over to the wall and points a few of them out to Keanu. “These are all taken by Hina. She’s a freelance photographer.”
Keanu wanders closer, studying them. “They’re good,” he says after a beat.
“Thanks,” Hina says, looking pleased. She exchanges a brief look with her friends. “Care to join us for lunch?” she then asks him.
Keanu tears his gaze away from the photos only to stare at her as if she’d just asked him something very complicated. As too many seconds crawl by in silence and Hina begins to look unsure, Leilani hastily steps in. “We both will. Why don’t you go freshen up while I prepare some food?” She turns to Keanu, giving him a faint but encouraging smile.
As he goes upstairs, Hina sits down with her friends and Leilani steps back behind the counter, pulling open several cabinets and the fridge, gathering all she needs. As she takes a minute to bring them all a glass of water—which Hina’s friends eagerly gulp down, jokingly complaining about the hill being an actual mountain—, Hina briefly grabs her arm to stop her from walking away, excitedly showing her the latest photos on her camera.
Back in the kitchen, Leilani listens to the easy banter between the friends, smiling and laughing whenever they ask her opinion or tell her a story. Even when Keanu comes back, they keep up their chattering. He doesn’t say a word, merely listening—and Leilani only realizes he must’ve been watching her progress instead, because he rises the moment she’s done making lunch to come and collect the plates, carrying them to their table.
She sits between him and Hina as they eat, carefully listening to every word being said, paying close attention to every single detail, soaking up the mood, this feeling.
And, for a little while, she’s able to make herself believe that nothing has ever changed. That the last three years have never happened. That she still has friends on this island. That Han could come inside any minute now, dragging over a chair and stealing food from their plates without even blinking an eye, and they would just grin and let him.
She wishes she could ask them to stay longer, she almost offers to make them dinner as well, just to prolong this magic—but she keeps herself from doing so, doesn’t give in to the desperation bubbling in her chest, and just smiles as Hina and her friends get up to leave. Although they offer, she refuses their money, telling them it’s on the house. She always does.
Hina’s friends wave as they step out onto the porch, but Hina pauses after readjusting her camera around her neck. “By the way,” she begins, “I’ve talked to Mr. and Mrs. Kahala, and they asked me to tell you they’re planning to come for dinner tomorrow.”
“Really?” Leilani is unable to keep the surprise from her voice; they were terrified when Akamai and Haku ordered them out of the restaurant that night, and then on the market they were shunned by everyone.
Why take the risk of making it worse?
“Yeah, and be prepared,” Hina continues, unaware of her thoughts. “They’re bringing their grandchildren along as well. And, you know, they’ve got many of those. Like, fifteen.”
Leilani can’t hold back a laugh. “I really think they’ve got just five, Hina.”
“They make enough noise, though.”
“Thank you.” Leilani lowers her voice and smiles warmly. “For coming.”
“Anytime.” Hina hesitates, then gives Leilani’s arm a squeeze. “You don’t deserve all this.”
 Usually when Leilani cries, she weeps tears of heartbreak and sorrow.
Now, however, her eyes burn with bittersweet happiness.
She doesn’t dare say another word, swallowing hard as she nods her goodbye to Hina and her friends. She lingers in the doorway, watching them descend the hill, Hina occasionally pausing to take a picture, freezing sun-drenched memories everywhere she goes.
Leilani turns, finding Keanu having wandered over to the wall, studying the framed photos. He leans closer to a particular one, as if mesmerized. She quietly draws near to see which one has caught his attention.
It’s of a waterfall crashing into a clear river, shimmering in beams of sunlight that stream through the canopies of trees. There’s even a bright yellow butterfly, the winged creature having fluttered before the lens at perfect timing.
“It’s pretty, isn’t it?” she says.
Keanu startles a bit at her sudden nearness, and Leilani bites down on her lower lip—but he doesn’t flinch away from her, and then nods. “Yeah.”
She cocks her head to the side. “It’s actually in a forest not that far from here. If you’d like, I could take you there, so you can see it for real.”
He looks at her, his expression as unreadable as always.
But she’s feeling too light, too bright, too delighted by today to let it discourage her. “What about tomorrow?”
His eyes flicker back to the photo. A sense of serenity seems to settle over him, suddenly, and his voice is soft: “I’d like that.”
22
The mighty roar of the waterfall is deafening as Leilani gazes up at it, Keanu standing at her side. The forest floor trembles with the force of the water. She breathes in the scents—of the plants, of the flowers, of moist earth, even of the water, somehow, and perhaps also the breeze. It simply smells like nature. Like life.
After some time, they carefully pick their way through ferns and shrubs, walking past the wild river until they find a quieter place. There, Leilani jumps onto one of the largest rocks jutting out of the water and sits down. Keanu follows her easily, but remains standing for a bit, gazing at the waterfall and then around him, taking in the green canopies of the trees, the bright flowers, the large ferns swaying slightly in the wind.
Leaning back on her hands, Leilani tilts her head back and looks up at the patches of clear blue sky visible from here, squinting against the sunlight. It’s hot, still the air remains moist and seems to cling to her skin.
“Just like the photo,” Leilani says when Keanu settles down beside her. “Right?”
He’s silent for a bit, looking almost pensive. “Even better,” he then says, so soft she barely hears him.
Smiling, Leilani unties and pulls off her boots and then inches closer to the edge of the rock so she can dangle her legs over the side. Her bare feet skim the warm water of the river, clear enough for her to see the smaller rocks and the plants growing at the bottom, as well as the colorful fish that immediately flock toward her, with blue bodies and wide, flaring fins in reds, silvers, pinks, and other shades of blue. They circle around, and some even come up to softly nudge her toes.
“Even here?” Keanu frowns at the sight, but Leilani finds his features surprisingly gentle with wonder. “I thought you said you had a connection specifically to the ocean.”
“I do.” She smiles when another fish nudges her toe. “But in the end, all this water ends up in the sea, right? It’s all connected.” However, she’s never met any other water creature yet that began to glow magically like the jellyfish.
Keanu lifts his chin, but doesn’t say anything.
The roar of the waterfall is a mere rush from where they’re sitting, allowing Leilani to hear the insects buzzing and screeching in the bushes, birds crying out in the sky and the trees, the occasional rustle in the plants. She narrows her eyes at the sunlight reflecting on the water, constantly moving, sparkling in her vision.
“Do you come here often?” Keanu suddenly asks, still watching the fish flocking toward Leilani.
“I used to. Before Han,” she adds, pausing. “I actually tried to run and hide here. But as I’ve already told you, the Twins then tracked me down at night, and ever since…” She heaves a quiet sigh. “I guess I stopped doing a lot of things that make me happy. I just… felt like I didn’t deserve it anymore.” She tugs at the frayed edges of her shorts, then presses her hands to her bare legs and spreads her fingers, studying them without really seeing anything.
“The other night,” Keanu begins, “you said something about a third letter?”
Leilani hesitates, curling her fingers into loose fists. “I threw it into the sea the night before I found you on the beach.” She dares a quick glance at him. “You didn’t… get that one, then?”
“No.”
She tries her best to ignore the stab of disappointment.
“In your first letter,” Keanu says, and she looks up slowly, “you didn’t ask to be saved. You even offered to help the King yourself. You seemed really… determined.”
“You mean different?” she offers, smiling weakly. “Strong?” she adds—because she was stronger back then. She did not beg for help. Instead, she was willing to fight. To be a hero.
But he shakes his head. “No, that’s not it. I meant… innocent,” he decides, meeting her eye. “As though you hadn’t met darkness yet. Or pain. Or violence.”
She looks back at him, finding herself unable to speak.
Her attention briefly drifts off to the scar on his cheek and the smaller one above his eyebrow, telling a wordless tale of the pain and violence he must’ve met himself. Her gaze soon wanders back to meet his, and this time, she can’t look away as his stormy blue-gray eyes hold her prisoner. They’re not cold or harsh right now, but he rather seems to be gazing at her with sorrow—as though he’s mourning the girl he met through that first letter, the girl Leilani misses every single day as well.
Yet, his eyes are still wild, restless.
With longing. With yearning.
And he still doesn’t look away from her, still doesn’t let go.
Her heartbeat quickens and her throat turns dry. She still knows nothing about him. And yet… she can’t bring herself to truly care. He’s wild. She’s aware she has only caught just a glimpse of what he’s capable of that day in the market. There is a sense of danger about him and she knows it should scare her away. In a way, it does.
But he also pulls her in.
And that pull is stronger than any thought or emotion.
He’s the one who received her letters. Maybe because he is the true King of the Ocean. Or maybe not.
Does it matter?
In this moment… no, it doesn’t.
It doesn’t.
She has grown completely still—just a minute ago, she’d lazily swayed her legs back and forth, but they’re motionless now as she realizes he’s slowly leaning closer to her, his eyes still filled with that soulful expression.
Something else slips into them, however, as his gaze traces her face and fixes on her lips. She parts them slightly to free the air trapped in her lungs, then forgets to inhale as it makes his gaze darken even more with a look she’s seen in them before, but wasn’t brave enough to acknowledge.
Desire.
Naked, unshielded desire.
For… her.
Her pulse begins to pound. With the same want, the same need. Still, she doesn’t feel courageous enough to move toward him, a part of her maybe still a bit scared of this wild stranger, but she doesn’t lean away either as he slowly inches closer—
An explosion of sound shreds the silence in two, causing them both to stiffen and jerk back. Leilani’s eyes grow wide as she looks up and her breath catches in her throat at seeing the flock of colorful birds fly overhead, having left their fruit-bearing trees to soar into the wide, blue sky.
They’re a vibrant red that should clash with the azure shade. But nature would never make that kind of mistake.
Its art is perfect.
As they turn into distant, moving dots, Leilani drags a hand through her hair and blows out some air, her pulse slowly settling. She turns back to Keanu the same time he does, highly aware of the sudden distance between them. She laughs at him shyly, and though he doesn’t smile back, his features soften.
“That… was quite the shock,” she says.
A corner of his mouth briefly tilts up.
She presses her lips together for a beat, turns away from him, then back, before settling at watching him from the corner of her eye. Waiting, hoping, dreading, no, yearning for him to lean toward her again and finish whatever he was about to start, wherever it would lead.
He doesn’t. He pulls up one of his long legs to brace his forearm onto his knee, gazing at the waterfall.
Her mind finally clears.
And she forcefully shoves back the sting of disappointment, and instead focuses on the relief she equally feels. Because this is for the best. This is the wise choice.
They can’t get too close. It’d be too dangerous.
“It’s peaceful here,” Keanu murmurs, dragging her from her thoughts. “It’s strange.”
“Strange?” she repeats, lifting her legs and tucking them close so she can wrap her arms around them.
“Yes.” He keeps staring at the waterfall. “I’ve never known this kind of… tranquility.”
She takes him in, once more lingering on his scars. “Then I’m glad,” she says softly, “that I can share this with you.”

• • •

If her heart had a voice, Leilani is convinced it would sound the same as the sweet, high-pitched voices of the children now sitting in her restaurant. As promised, Mr. and Mrs. Kahala arrived just before sunset, bringing along their grandchildren.
After visiting the forest with Keanu this morning, she spent all afternoon preparing, cleaning the kitchen thoroughly once more—Han had always been adamant about that, perhaps a bit obsessed—and choosing the kind of recipes she knows that kids like. She even drew up a menu on a chalkboard, with colorful drawings of hibiscus flowers and fish. Seeing it, the children had beamed in delight.
Once more, Keanu wordlessly slips into the role of waiter, helping her carrying glasses and plates to the table while she works in the kitchen. One of the little girls gazes up at him in adoration and blushes heavily as she holds her glass up to him, asking for some more juice.
“I think someone’s in love,” Leilani teases when he joins her behind the counter.
He opens the fridge, but falters to throw her a somewhat bewildered look. “What?”
Leilani laughs and nods in the girl’s direction, who is busy tucking back loose strands of hair behind her ears, while the other children and her grandparents chatter over their dinner, oblivious. “She likes you.”
Keanu merely frowns and refills the glass.
“Thank you, by the way,” Leilani says quickly, making him pause. “For helping me out,” she adds. Her gaze strays back to the family. “This… it really means a lot to me.”
She turns back to him to flash him a radiant smile, feeling light and tingly with joy.
He stares at her—
The sound of heavy footsteps makes the both of them instantly turn toward the open doors. A shadow falls on the floor as several figures suddenly fill the restaurant’s entrance, and Leilani’s gaze skips over white uniforms, with long pants and high-collared coats, and, in their midst, two men wearing the same clothes, although in a marine-blue shade.
Leilani grows tense.
All conversations die instantly.
The guards move aside, and the Twins step forward, their dark eyes taking in the scene. Akamai’s coat is buttoned up to his chin and his hair is gathered in a neat bun as always, while Haku has his sleeves rolled up, his long, untamed hair falling over his shoulders.
“Oh my,” Akamai drawls. “Such a cozy gathering.”
23
Leilani already moves before she can think better of it—she hurries around the counter and then forward, as if she’s actually planning on shielding the Kahalas with her own body. All she can think of is placing herself between the Twins and their guards, and the children and their fragile grandparents.
But Haku clicks his tongue, and then one of the guards shoves her back against her shoulder. Leilani stumbles backwards, her heart pounding, and only realizes Keanu has followed her when her spine hits his chest. He steadies her, then lets her go, his eyes on the Twins, his body tense.
Ignoring them both, Akamai turns to Mr. and Mrs. Kahala, who stare back, frozen. “You come here quite often, don’t you?” Akamai’s gaze slides over to the children. “Do their parents even know their little ones are here tonight? I’m fairly certain they wouldn’t be too happy if they’d find out their children were eating in the traitor’s restaurant,” he adds, his eyes cutting over to Leilani.
She looks back, feeling sick.
Mr. Kahala rises from his chair—and Leilani’s breath catches; did he always look this thin, this vulnerable?—, gathering his wife and grandchildren close. The little boys and girls huddle against them, the youngest sobbing quietly. “We,” Mr. Kahala begins, his face fierce although his voice is trembling, “have every right to be here.”
“Oh, but Mr. Kahala… I don’t agree with that.” Akamai sighs. “Also, I’ve come to understand that the customers here don’t have to pay for their meals. Isn’t that right?” He turns back to Leilani.
Her heart skips a beat.
How… does he know that?
Another pair of eyes settles on her and then she meets Haku’s gaze. A faint smirk pulls at his mouth, like he’s fighting to keep back his laughter.
Leilani’s hands turn icy.
It seems that they somehow find out about everything. Are they truly constantly watching her…?
“On our island,” Akamai continues, “nothing is for free.”
“Just…” Leilani shakes her head, glancing at the Kahalas. “Just leave them alone—”
A wet, bubbling noise cuts her off, and she tenses at seeing the tight expression on Akamai’s face… as well as the way he slightly raises his hand. She immediately looks at the floor, panic gripping her by the throat as she finds the floorboards moving, shimmering, morphing into a pool of water. A large jellyfish rises, glowing blue, its tentacles swirling lazily as it floats higher and higher.
With a mere incline of Akamai’s head, the creature starts drifting over to the Kahalas, dripping water all over the floor—
A breath of air rushes over Leilani as Keanu swiftly moves forward.
He doesn’t say a word, but the jellyfish freezes instantly, as Akamai’s focus has swiveled over to him. Haku straightens his back, his eyes glittering with equal interest and irritation.
“Ah, Mr. Alana. We’ve heard of the… incident at the market a few days ago.” Akamai clicks his tongue again, shaking his head. “Not a very wise move, now was it? Tell me, how do you expect to find a job this way? To earn money? To pay us?”
At that, Haku folds his arms.
“As I said earlier,” Akamai continues, calmly and smoothly, “nothing on this island is for free. You have to earn your place.”
“He works here,” Leilani rushes out—
She clamps her mouth shut when Haku snaps his fingers, starting the jellyfish into motion. It drifts over to her with unexpected speed, and Leilani recoils, staring into the blue glow emanating from its umbrella-shaped bell, as water rains down before her feet.
“I’m afraid that won’t work, my dear.” Akamai heaves another sigh. “Because, the thing is… after tonight, this restaurant will never see another customer again. So, Mr. Alana,” he turns back to Keanu, who Leilani can barely see as the jellyfish is still hovering before her, “what is the plan? How will you earn your place on Hibiscus Island?”
A thick silence settles over them.
“I’ll find a way,” Keanu eventually says, his voice low and steady, as if he isn’t the least bit impressed. Leilani takes a small step to the side so she can see him—just in time to catch him lifting his chin.
As if in challenge.
She winces. “Keanu,” she hisses, “don’t—”
Don’t challenge the Twins.
But already, they take control of their cursed sea creature, and it drifts over to Keanu fast enough to even make the guards flinch back. Fear hits Leilani like a lightning bolt as she watches Keanu recoil, at the same moment that the jellyfish lifts its tentacles, wraps them around his throat, squeezes…
And fills his lungs with water.
Struggling, Keanu staggers before crashing to his knees, clawing at the tentacles.
Leilani starts forward, his name caught in her throat.
Then, she falters.
Keanu is still struggling, trying to fight off the creature, his face reddening. He fights for air as the jellyfish is strangling him, but…
…he’s not choking on the water.
Is it true, is he really the King—
They can’t find out about this.
“Just stop!” Leilani screams, stepping forward. “Please, just stop!” She’s almost relieved as that draws the attention of all the guards toward her, then Akamai’s.
And finally, Haku’s.
But dread coils in her stomach as she meets his eye. She freezes at seeing the anger, the fascination, the challenge in his gaze, his lips curling into a wicked grin that betrays his thoughts.
Oh no.
He’s going to do it. Give her the impossible ultimatum, as he and his brother have already done several times.
In order to save Keanu’s life, he’ll tell her she will have to marry them.
To finally agree.
No. No, he can’t ask her that question, he can’t, because she has no idea what to do, which choice to make. Nauseated, she almost opens her trembling lips to ask him not to, please don’t do this, please don’t—
“That’s enough, now,” Akamai says softly.
Leilani startles, then looks at him, her heart pounding—and her legs grow weak with relief when she realizes he’s speaking to the jellyfish. The creature’s tentacles loosen their hold and it drifts back. Gasping, Keanu collapses forward onto his hands, reaching one up to massage his throat.
Akamai looks down at him, his expression cold. “Do not challenge us again, Mr. Alana. We are King on this island. And you?” He bends forward, bringing his lips close to Keanu’s ear, though he speaks loudly enough for everyone to hear: “You are nothing.”
He straightens, nods to his brother, then turns around and strides outside. After casting a lingering look on Leilani, Haku reluctantly follows his twin, and soon the guards file out as well. The jellyfish drifts after them, leaving a trail of water.
Leilani closes her eyes, swallowing hard.
24
She’s still shaking.
The Kahalas have left over twenty minutes ago, apologizing over and over again, while Leilani told them—fighting back tears—they weren’t to blame. Her heart broke as she heard the children sob, recalling how happy and carefree they still were not so long ago. She watched Mrs. Kahala lean on her cane, two of the boys clutching her skirt, and Mr. Kahala keeping the other children close as they shuffled down the hill.
They’ll never come back again.
She closed and locked the doors after that, and supported Keanu as she helped him up the stairs and into Han’s bedroom. He sank down on the edge of the bed and she clicked on the bedside light, leaving only to return moments later with a glass of water.
He still hasn’t said a word, but he already seems to be recovering, save for the bruises forming on his throat.
Leilani sits beside him, clasping her hands together to try and stop the trembling, but it’s no use. She almost tells him she’s sorry, though it’s not as if she planned for this to happen. Still, a sense of guilt burns in her chest.
Because she should’ve known better.
Life was too bright these last couple of days. Too gentle. Too peaceful. She should’ve expected the Twins to pay them a visit. She should’ve realized something wasn’t right when they didn’t appear on her doorstep immediately after the market-incident.
Why, actually, did they wait this long?
She’ll never know. It’s probably all a part of the games they play.
Maybe they’ve somehow seen her smile. Maybe they somehow knew how her heart was healing after Shun Kama’s execution. And they waited, waited just a little longer, knowing they’d hurt her worse after she was mended.
Again, she almost tells Keanu that she’s sorry, but she doesn’t; simply because the words won’t come. She looks at him from the corner of her eye, her mind trying and failing to piece the puzzle of him together.
“You…” She releases a shaky sigh, turns to him. “You didn’t drown. The water—it didn’t affect you at all.”
He grows still, staring at the wall in front of them.
“It didn’t, right?” she asks faintly.
He doesn’t reply. Doesn’t look at her. She studies his profile. He has angled his head down a bit, and his hair covers his eyes. His mouth is set in a tense, grim line.
“When I found you in the sea a couple of days ago,” she goes on, because she can’t stay silent anymore, “I found you lying on that rock… I thought you had drowned. But you hadn’t. And when we reached the surface, you were barely out of breath.”
All he does is lace his fingers together, his hands linked between his knees, his forearms braced against his thighs.
“You’re like me. You can breathe under water,” Leilani whispers.
His fingers tighten.
She takes a steadying yet trembling sip of air. “Are you…” She hesitates, her head spinning, her voice faint. “I’ve asked you before, but… I really need to know the answer now. Are you,” she begins again, angling toward him on the edge of the bed, “the true… the true King?”
He’s so still, he reminds her of a statue.
Like the King’s statue in the town’s square.
Her heart is pounding so hard, it steals the air from her lungs—but she forgets all about the importance of inhaling and exhaling when Keanu slowly straightens his back. Her world suddenly only revolves around the tightening of his jaw, how he angles his body toward her, how his stormy eyes flash up to her, brimming with something wild, something fiery.
Then, a rustle of movement, the warmth of his body heat—
—his lips on hers.
Her eyes widen. His hand cups her cheek, and her mind spins with the sensations of his callused fingertips brushing her skin, his other hand lifting to the side of her neck, his thumb tracing her jaw—and his lips, pressing against hers before they take her lower lip between them.
A single brush of his tongue causes any thought left in her mind to shatter.
Opening her mouth for him, her eyes fall closed as he immediately deepens the kiss. He buries his hands in her hair as he draws her in, and suddenly her own hands have lifted and are resting against his chest, sliding up and down, exploring the hard muscles underneath the cotton of his shirt.
A soft groan slips from his throat.
He pulls back briefly, breaking the kiss, only to crush his mouth back to hers a moment later, one of his hands sliding down, skimming her shoulder blades, tracing her spine, pressing into the small of her back as he guides her closer, closer, and Leilani nearly moans at feeling the strength in his touch, her body trembling with a feverish need to feel more, to explore more of him.
She has never felt like this before.
So out of control.
Filled with such want.
Not even two years ago…—
The sudden thought is like a splash of cold water, as a wave of horror crashes down on her.
Kisses in the shadows.
Bare skin in the night.
Water.
Drowning.
Death.
She pulls back abruptly.
Her eyes fly open and so do Keanu’s. She pushes against his chest and his hands slide away from her. Her heart is racing, her head is spinning, her lips feel swollen, the taste of him lingers on her tongue. Hastily, she backs away from him and then rises, stepping away from the bed and putting a hand over her mouth, her eyes wide as she glances out the windows.
The sun has set. All is dark. There is nothing to see.
But that doesn’t matter.
“We can’t do this,” she manages hoarsely, turning back to Keanu. “If the Twins somehow see this, find out about this, then…—”
They somehow found out about me and Jin as well, and then—
Water. Drowning. Death.
She’s trembling all over—and she can’t tell whether it’s terror, or the need still burning in her body, a wanting that only grows stronger when her eyes settle back on Keanu, who is watching her, his breaths heavy and his gaze dark with desire.
He doesn’t say a word. He merely stares at her.
Then, he abruptly gets up, and Leilani takes a quick step back as he walks around the bed and strides over to the windows. With sharp motions, he yanks the curtains closed. Leilani holds her breath as she stares at him, the soft glow of the bedside light the only illumination, casting his face in shadows.
Silently, his steps smooth and unfaltering, almost predatory, he comes back to her. She stares up at him, highly aware of how tall he is, how much broader than her—and how much stronger, when he cups the back of her head and wraps his other arm around her waist and draws her close.
Not allowing her to pull back again.
He kisses her hard, curling his fingers into her hair, sliding his tongue between her lips to brush against hers. Feeling unbalanced, she finds herself leaning against him and wrapping her arms around his neck. She kisses him back, more hungrily after she closes her eyes and darkens the shadows that are already around them.
No one can see them.
No one.
She lowers her arms and slips them around his waist to feverishly let her hands roam over his back, relishing the feel of his muscles, the lean strength of him. She feels small when he tightens his arms around her, safe and shielded, even though her heart is pounding in her throat.
Still kissing her, he walks her back to the bed and lowers her down. She inches back so her legs are no longer dangling over the edge, and he positions himself above her, his forearms braced on either side of her. His breath warms her skin as he pulls his mouth away from hers, and she clutches at the back of his shirt as his lips and tongue find her jaw, her neck, her collarbones. He eases down the strap of her tank top and her breath catches in her throat when his teeth softly sink into the flesh of her shoulder before he kisses her.
The weight of him presses into her when his lips capture her mouth again, his body covering hers, and then he’s kissing her neck once more. She arches her back, tries to pull him even closer. One of his hands travels down her side, following the curve of her waist. His fingers slide under her shirt and she gasps softly as he caresses her bare skin, climbing higher, to her ribs, until he’s cupping her breast.
At that, she stills.
She opens her eyes. Stops answering his hungry kisses. She releases the back of his shirt.
Silent fear sings in her blood.
Growing aware, Keanu stops kissing her and slowly slides his hand down, pushing up on his other elbow to look down at her. His breathing is labored, his body still tensed with need.
Not saying a word, he looks into her eyes.
She swallows. The first and last time she was this intimate with someone… it did not end well. For neither of them.
She’s terrified.
And not ready, not brave enough to risk it all again.
“It’s just…” She searches for words.
“Too fast?” His voice is husky.
Leilani nods. “I’m s—”
He cuts her off with a soft kiss, a mere brush of his lips. “No,” he whispers against her mouth. “Don’t apologize.”
Cold air rushes over her skin as he moves away from her, making her pull her lower lip between her teeth, and blink back the unwelcome burn of tears as she pulls her shirt back down, then moves to get up and… she doesn’t know what, but she can’t just stay here now, and she doesn’t know what to say, doesn’t even know how to look at him anymore, doesn’t know what to think—
He gently grabs her arm to stop her from getting up. She moves to twist around and look at him, but he’s already pulling her close and then she finds herself lying on the bed again, her spine pressed to his chest, his arms around her, his breaths stirring her hair.
“Just stay,” he whispers behind her.
The rising tears pull back as the wild sea inside her settles down, and she releases a shaky breath as she eases against him.
They don’t say a word as they lie in the shadows. They don’t say a word when Keanu eventually reaches over and kills the light. Not a word when Leilani turns around and snuggles closer to him, resting her cheek on his chest so she can listen to his heartbeat.
Whether he truly is the King or not, and despite the dark, violent side of him she’s seen a glimpse of… she feels strangely safe with him.
She closes her eyes.
And even when hours pass by and midnight strikes and the cursed whale’s haunting moans fill the sky, she doesn’t open her eyes and just holds on tighter to Keanu.
She can’t remember the last time she did not feel alone.
In this moment, it feels so far away.
25
Drifting out of a dreamless sleep, Leilani stirs and then blinks against the soft, filtered daylight streaming into the room.
Not her room.
Han’s.
Keanu’s.
She grows still as flashes of memories wash over her; the Kahalas, the Twins, the cursed jellyfish, Keanu having crashed to his knees as he struggled against the creature.
But mostly… mostly, she remembers…
Kisses, growing hungrier as lips kept touching.
Hands, exploring each other’s bodies.
His hard muscles underneath her fingertips; his fingertips brushing over her skin, making her tremble and sigh.
How she pulled away.
How he drew her close instead and then held her quietly, with a gentleness, a tenderness she never thought existed inside this wild stranger from the sea, who seems so violent and unpredictable and dangerous.
And yet… he had made her feel safe.
His arms are still around her now.
Growing fully aware of his nearness, his body heat mingling with hers, she blinks and focuses on his face on the pillow next to her.
He’s awake.
And watching her, his gaze unexpectedly soft, almost as if he’s in wonder at seeing her. Stubble grazes his jaw, his eyelids are still heavy with lingering sleep, his lips slightly parted. He’s so near, so close, so real.
And so are the memories of last night.
Real. It has all been real.
She grows hot at the thought and her stomach flutters, but next to the excitement is a rush of fear that makes her gaze dart over to the windows nervously. The curtains are still drawn.
Relieved, she briefly closes her eyes—
But they fly open in a heartbeat when Keanu brushes her cheekbone with his index finger—and before she can think of it, she flinches away.
She holds her breath as she looks at him.
He stares back at her. Pulls back his hand. His features tighten, and he seems to have stopped breathing too, as he keeps on looking at her. Although she watches him just as intently, it takes her several long seconds to translate his expression.
Hurt.
He looks wounded.
Her heart trips over itself and she gets up with a jerk, out of his arms. Cheeks burning, she quickly scoots off the bed and rises, too much of a coward to glance back to see whether he has already recovered, or whether that raw, aching look is still on his face.
“I—I should get up,” she stammers, readjusting her clothes. “I still need to clean the restaurant after last night, and…”
She doesn’t continue, doesn’t look back, and Keanu doesn’t speak a single word as she hurries out of the room.

• • •

Leilani can’t stop looking out the windows, searching the sun-drenched world outside.
For the Twins.
For their guards.
For their sinister ocean ghosts.
She expects them to come striding, marching, gliding toward and into the restaurant, to drag Keanu away and onto the town square, where he’d be forced onto his knees and be strangled and killed for everyone to see.
A part of her, a deep-rooted, scared part of her, is convinced that they know. That they’ve somehow found out already. Somehow saw them last night. Have somehow felt Keanu touching her.
Touch. The thought triggers a flash of a memory and she barely suppresses a shiver at remembering the feeling of his powerful arms around her, his hands so sure and unfaltering as they traced her dips and curves.
His kisses had been rough with passion, and yet… there’d been a quiet tenderness in the way he held her, a surprising gentleness.
She’d never expected him capable of that.
In all honesty, she barely understands what has exactly happened last night.
Only a few days ago, he flinched away from her touch over and over again. He was so cautious and aggressive, as if everyone was an enemy out to hurt him—including her.
And then, last night he kissed her, held her, caressed her, as if hating every single inch of space between their bodies and determined to erase them.
Her throat feels dry as she recalls it. Again. And again.
With a single shake of her head she forces herself to snap out of it, steps away from the window and turns to the mess of pots, pans, plates, cutlery, and glasses on the kitchen counter, still waiting to be cleaned.
She stiffens when footsteps descend the stairs. She hastily turns on the hot water—simply to look busy—when the floorboards creak behind her.
“I’ll—I’ll start on breakfast in a little while. Or you can fix something for yourself, if you’d like,” she adds, trying to sound airy, not once glancing back, pretending as if nothing has happened, nothing has changed.
Maybe, if she pretends hard enough, it will be true.
Or perhaps he’ll just play along.
But he doesn’t; she falters when his voice comes from behind her, slightly rough: “Last night… Are you regretting it?”
The faucet runs steadily, but Leilani has stopped scrubbing at the stains in the pan and simply stares at it for a few beats, half wishing she could just run away, disappear, vanish completely. Taking a shaky breath, she presses her lips together and twists the tap closed.
Turning around, she finds him standing at the other side of the wooden counter dividing the restaurant from the kitchen area—just in time to catch that expression on his face again, that wounded look that surprises her yet again, and seems to cut straight into her very soul.
He covers it up quickly, his usual harsh, cold look settling back in place.
It’s too late, though. She knows the truth.
For some reason he tries to hide them, but he does have feelings.
And those very real emotions have allowed her to hurt him this morning.
Her chest aches.
“I… I’m just scared,” she half-whispers, her shoulders sagging.
His expression remains stony. “Of me?”
He can keep his face in check all he wants—but the roughness of his voice betrays him all the same.
“No,” Leilani says—and she’s relieved when she realizes it’s the truth. “I’m afraid for you.”
Keanu’s brow furrows.
“I’ve told you about Jin.” Leilani swallows. “As soon as Akamai and Haku found out about him and me, they didn’t hesitate to kill him. I am their bride-to-be, Keanu. They have claimed me. No man is allowed to have me.”
“But you don’t want them.”
“No. But what I want doesn’t matter,” she adds, looking the other way.
“It should.”
She smiles faintly at that.
“It does to me.” He hesitates, then tightens his jaw. “It matters to me.”
Something warm envelops her heart, but she casts him a pleading look. “Just forget about me. Forget about last night. It’s safer for you.”
“How,” he begins after a silence, stepping closer, “would they ever find out? I closed the curtains. No one was out there. No one,” he repeats quietly, “could have seen us.”
She swallows. “But still…”
“How did they find out about you and that other guy?”
Leilani stiffens at the question, wavering under his look as he keeps watching her, demanding an answer. Releasing a shaky sigh, she allows herself to lean back against the kitchen counter and stares at the floor as she dives back into the memories stirring to life in her mind. “Jin… The morning after, I felt so happy. Safe. Secure,” she begins softly, and she notices Keanu coming a bit closer so he can hear her better. “Then, however, he suddenly asked me if I could give him my pearls. He told me he needed them for his family. I said I couldn’t. I explained to him what happened the last time I’d given pearls to other people; that they all ended up being executed, for false reasons given by the Twins.
“But Jin didn’t want to listen. He didn’t believe me, and… he became angry.” The memory of his voice cuts through her, every ugly word he called her, destroying all sweetness of the night they’d spent together, the first time she had ever been with a man. Leilani curls her fingers around the edge of the counter. “That’s when I realized it was all a lie. His feelings for me… They’d never existed; he had just been using me. All he wanted was to get close to me, so I’d give him my pearls.
“He left. And in his rage, he began telling stories about me in town. How I had seduced him. How I had promised him my pearls if he’d give himself to me.” She still feels nauseous thinking about it. “It didn’t take long for the Twins to hear of it. After that… well. You know the rest of the story,” she says faintly.
A silence stretches on after she finishes talking, in which she struggles to push back the waves of those memories rippling through her, coated in shame, sorrow, anger, hurt, regret.
“Goddamn bastard.”
Keanu’s voice is almost as quiet as the silence between them.
Leilani looks up to find his face tight with anger, his gray, stormy eyes blazing with an emotion that’s barely held in check. He gives a rough shake of his head as he meets her eye.
“He deserved to die,” he says.
Leilani flinches—although not because of his words, not because she’s shocked by what he says.
But because the same thought has been living inside her mind for two years. And she hates it. Is ashamed of such darkness in her soul, and so she keeps telling herself that Jin merely wanted to help his family; could she truly blame him for that?
“Do you regret it?” Keanu suddenly asks. “Last night. Do you regret it?” he repeats.
Opening her mouth, she isn’t sure what to say. She knows what she should say.
“No,” she whispers instead, her heart pounding as she admits the truth, ignoring the screaming voice in the back of her head. “I don’t.” Because how can she regret those kisses, how can she regret every single touch, how can she regret the relief and security she felt when he kept her close for all those hours, as if shielding her from the rest of the world?
The tightness in Keanu’s shoulders eases visibly and some of the coldness leaves his eyes, chased away by something warm, hot, burning. “I would never,” he begins slowly, “do what he did to you. I swear. And I would never,” he continues, “let those two assholes who call themselves King find out about us.”
His words hit her with a force that steals the air from her lungs.
They hit her deep enough to summon a sharp lump in her throat, to cause her eyes to burn as utter relief washes over her, but also another feeling, something warm and vulnerable she doesn’t dare give a name to.
“Thank you,” she whispers.
“Come outside with me.”
She startles, the shock instantly chasing away her tears. “What?”
Keanu uses his chin to gesture around them. “You can’t stay inside forever.”
She’s already shaking her head. “I think it’s better if we’re not seen together, just in case—”
“No one,” he cuts her off, pointing outside, “is there.”
“You can’t be sure.” She shakes her head again. “And the Twins must be watching you. They’re expecting money from you, remember? They are not going to let that rest. And I wish I could just give you my pearls, I really do—”
“I don’t want your damn p—”
“But I’m afraid they’ll somehow find out, and then—”
“Leilani.”
She snaps her mouth shut at hearing him say her name.
He has never really used it. Not like this.
It sends a shiver down her spine.
His gaze burns into hers. “Don’t be like this. Don’t allow anyone to trap you. To scare you. To keep you… in a dark world. I don’t,” he continues after a brief hesitation, “want you to live like that.”
Looking back at him, absolutely speechless, she can’t help but feel there is something more to his words, that there’s a hidden meaning tucked away in them, but she can’t quite grasp it.
“Come outside with me,” he says again.
The wildness of him calls out to her.
She takes a reluctant step forward.
His warm hand closes down on her wrist, callused fingers pressed to her skin, and she follows him as he leads her out of the restaurant and into the sun, both of them barefoot as they start descending the hill. She keeps her gaze fixed on his broad back as he tugs her onward, until they reach the beach where he lets her go and strips off his clothes save for his underwear.
Blinking, she takes in his tanned skin, all the glory of his muscles before her, his lean physique caressed by the morning sun. She’s snapped out of her daze when he tips her chin up with his finger, forcing her to look him in the eye. Her cheeks burn.
“We’re going into the water,” he tells her. “You need to be where you belong. So,” he adds, lowering his voice as he leans toward her, “I’d take off that dress if I were you.”
She can feel the heat of her blush spreading to her ears and neck and even lower down, and tears her gaze away to quickly slip out of her dress she put on this morning, now standing before him in nothing but her underwear. He doesn’t bother to hide the fact that he’s taking in every single inch of her, before he nods for her to follow him.
As they wade into the warm sea, deeper and deeper until the water reaches their waists and their feet find smooth rocks on the ocean floor, Leilani releases a sigh as relief floods through her; colorful fish start to flock around her and she can feel their aliveness; Keanu is right.
This is where she belongs.
The sea—it isn’t the Twins’.
It is hers.
Keanu’s hand is warm as he cups her cheek.
At first, she leans in. Then, she recoils, throwing him a wild look before she quickly glances around, searching the white beach for anyone watching. “Don’t,” she hisses when Keanu reaches for her again. “Don’t you understand? The Twins have eyes everywhere—”
“Do they have eyes under water, too?” he cuts her off.
Leilani barely has time to meet his gaze, to register his words, let alone to remind him of the cursed sea creatures roaming the island at night, that may or may not slumber in the ocean during the day.
For he has already grabbed her waist and pulled her down, under the surface.
26
All sound mutes, the sunlight shimmers and dances from above, the water is everywhere and so are colors, in the plants waving around them, in the coral growing against the rocks, in the fish that are so bright, their yellow and blue and red shades almost seem impossible to be real.
But Leilani doesn’t look at it for long, because the true wonder is in front of her.
His hands are still holding her hips as he’s crouched down, his hair floating up just like hers, weightless and swirling. He only releases her to take her wrist and tug her along, pushing away from the ocean floor, deeper into the sea, until the water rises and the floor slopes down and they’re swimming, feeling weightless. Keanu turns around and takes her elbow so they can look at each other, bubbles escaping from their lips as they exhale.
Leilani can’t tear her gaze away from him.
Because he inhales. Just like her.
Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Another inhale.
She was right.
The realization makes her feel lightheaded, it causes her thoughts to spin as she tries to find an explanation, as she struggles to believe what she really wants to believe, and that her letters truly have summoned him; that he truly is the—
His lips cut off her thoughts as if they were actual words.
Weaving his hands into her hair floating up and around her, Keanu pulls her closer as he claims her mouth. Still, she can feel the reluctance in his kiss, the silent question, the expectation of being pushed away again.
But the world seems so far away here.
So very far away, even, it barely seems to exist—and it makes her grow bold, it makes her able to shed off her tainted memories and fears as if it has all been a second skin she’d been wearing for those two long years.
It makes her give in to all that need roaring to life inside of her.
She slips her tongue between his lips, desperate to deepen the kiss, to taste him again. She shivers all over when he kisses her back hungrily and wraps an arm around her waist, pulling her closer until there is only a sliver of air—no, water—between their bodies.
He slowly pulls away and then he’s tugging her along again, swimming deeper into the sea, diving down so that they can run their hands through the swirling grasses and plants growing on the ocean floor, while schools of tiny fish dart out of them and then weave through the water, moving as one.
As one.
Leilani feels like the two of them are just the same as they swim aimlessly, surrounded by colors, an entirely different world, the sea filling their lungs with an abundance of oxygen.
It’s like a dream.
She sees Keanu letting himself sink down to the ocean floor and she immediately follows, her toes skimming the rocks. Reaching for her, he tugs her to him and into a kiss.
He traces a hand down her spine, then presses it into the small of her back, and she marvels at the sensation of his hard body against hers, firm and powerful. Her own hands tremble slightly as she gathers the courage to let them slide down his biceps, then to his bare chest, before she lets them wander down his flat stomach, carefully exploring every defined muscle with her fingertips.
Keanu pulls away slightly, breaking off the kiss.
Bubbles drift away from her parted lips as she stares up at him, her head tilted back slightly, her hands growing still on his body. He watches her for a brief moment, his eyes stormy, before he pulls her close again, trapping her hands between their bodies. She slides them up to his chest the instant his mouth finds hers again, twisting his fingers into her hair.
A glow of color makes Leilani briefly open her eyes, only to confirm what she already sensed: the jellyfish have found them and they float in a loose circle, their pink and purple light pulsing lazily, their long, thin tentacles swirling in the water.
They’re all around her and Keanu. As if they’re shielding them from sight.
Weaving her arms around his neck, Leilani loses herself in yet another kiss while his hands slowly explore her body, every curve and angle.
She feels no reluctance. No fear.
Because the sea, her sea is keeping them safe.
Her sea is keeping their secret.

• • •

It’s been hours, but Leilani still feels as if the water is rippling over her skin, as if the waves are rolling through her, as if she’s weightless and could simply float away.
She is at her desk in her bedroom, leaning forward as she touches her colored pencil to the paper. She’s drawing a wild collage of hibiscus flowers and fish, trying to match the colors she’s seen in the sea today, though nothing could ever get close.
Han actually taught her to draw. She’d forgotten how much she enjoys it.
A knock on the doorpost behind her makes her look back. She straightens her spine, and smiles at seeing Keanu standing in the doorway, his hair damp from his shower. She just went before him after they had dinner and did the dishes together. She’s suddenly highly aware of her flimsy shirt and equally flimsy cotton shorts.
Keanu steps into her room—has it always been such a small space?—and she watches his face when he comes to stand beside her, eying her drawing. Her heart makes a leap when an actual smile, though faint, tugs at the corners of his mouth.
“You drew the same things on your first letter,” he says.
Leilani blinks—realizing only now she’s been staring at his lips for far too long, the soft feel of them still fresh in her mind. She quickly answers his smile when he turns to her, nodding.
“You’re still there.” He pauses. “That girl from back then.”
His words cause her to sober instantly, as they remind her of reality, of who she is these days. “I… suppose,” she merely says, then looks back at her drawing. She has also sketched some pearls, which she still has to ink. The sight of them suddenly brings a knot to her stomach.
“Keanu,” she begins reluctantly, “I think we should really talk—about the Twins demanding money from you last night.”
While his eyes remain fixed on her drawing, he sinks down at the corner of her desk, folding his arms. He’s wearing a loose-fitting tank top and Leilani can’t help her eyes from straying to the corded muscles of his lean forearms and the blue veins running over them. “Last night,” he repeats, sounding pensive, “neither of them wore the Crown.”
“They only do so during ceremonies,” Leilani explains, forcing herself to focus on his words instead. “Where nobody can touch them; where nobody can be brash enough to make a grasp for it. The moment anyone would lay a single finger on the Crown, they’d lose its powers.”
When Leilani was younger, she didn’t understand why the Twins would ever wear the Crown if it could be so easily taken from them—until Han explained to her that if they would stop wearing the Crown for too long, its powers would waver and they wouldn’t be able to control the ocean and the cursed creatures anymore.
 “The Crown is a wild, fickle thing,” Han used to say. “It doesn’t have a master. Not truly.”
That thought used to give Leilani hope—before Han was killed. Before she understood the way in which the world works.
It sounded so simple to her back then, and it actually still does: Whenever she’s with the Twins, all she’d have to do is reach out to the Crown in order to take it and strip them off its powers.
But being brave, taking risks, isn’t as easy as it sounds.
His brows slightly knitted together, Keanu merely nods, still looking as if he’s lost in thought.
Leilani raises an eyebrow. “What, you’d rather attempt and steal the Crown than try and look for a job?”
“Who would hire me?” he counters, finally meeting her gaze.
She grimaces. “Well… after the market… It wouldn’t be likely.”
“I’ll handle the Twins when the time comes. Until then…” He sets a hand down on the desk to lean closer to her, his fingertips grazing the edges of her drawing—but his eyes are only on her now, their meaning clear.
“I’d rather spend my time here. With you.”
A tingle of nerves rushes through her, causing her pulse to leap with excitement. She still feels his attention on her when she rises and steps away from the desk, over to the window. She closes the curtains, taking a deep breath as she holds them together, shutting out every inch of the outside world.
Then he’s behind her and his hands are on her shoulders. She slowly releases the curtains and swallows when his breath brushes her skin, right before his lips and tongue travel down the side of her neck. Tugging her shirt down slightly, he starts kissing her shoulder. Closing her eyes, she releases a sigh.
He pulls back to wrap his arms around her, drawing her to his chest. She leans her head back against his broad shoulder, staring at the closed curtains.
“Aren’t you scared at all?” she asks quietly.
“No,” he whispers back. “Are you?”
“Terrified.”
Terrified, of the Twins and what they will do. Terrified, of this, him and her.
As if he senses it, he merely holds her closer, and when he finally tugs her toward and then into bed, he simply gathers her into his arms, not saying a word, once again surprising her with his unexpected gentleness that seems so at odds with the man she met only days ago.
As she buries her face in the crook between his neck and shoulder, curled up against him, she silently wishes they could just escape to their own world.
Like the ocean became today.
27
Days go by in a peaceful haze which Leilani knows, deep inside, must be a lie, can only be the calm before the storm—and yet, she relishes it. The Twins remain out of sight. Everyone avoids the restaurant… but, for the first time, Leilani doesn’t mind.
Her days are now filled with her wild stranger from the sea.
She’s aware she still knows next to nothing about him. There are many times she cannot read the look on his face. She often cannot fully grasp the meaning of his words. The scars on his body are nothing but a tale of secrets, a story that whispers of violence, and the whispers become louder when she discovers the scars on his knuckles.
And yet, none of that seems to matter whenever he kisses her and his hands explore her body; she doesn’t care when, late at night, she caresses his face in the shadows and finds him growing very still and barely breathing, just watching her as she runs her thumbs over his cheeks, traces his eyebrows with her fingertips, and softly kisses the scars marring his skin. Nothing matters whenever he looks at her like a beautiful wild beast who can barely believe someone is touching him so gently—which does make her wonder why he might feel that way, what kind of life he has lived; that of a human. Or that of another, mystical creature altogether.
No, she barely knows this man.
But she simply doesn’t care. She likes how he draws a newfound courage out of her, and how he moves through life without fear, despite the threats hanging over his head.
They spend their days going out and exploring the island. They often return to the waterfall, where they hastily strip off their clothes and dive into the water, to swim but mainly to hide under the surface, breathing in and out. Not just air, but also each other, unable to stop kissing and discover each other’s bodies.
Every night, he comes into her room, often without a word, and pulls her to him and kisses her some more. He holds her tight and doesn’t let go until sunrise, though never demands more, silently waiting until she tells him she’s ready.
He makes her feel safe. Protected. Precious.
Vulnerable yet bold.
She makes him breakfast, lunch, and dinner, loving the fact of having someone around to care for again and to simply to share life with. She gazes out the window whenever he goes out for a run, watching him as he crosses the beach, his strides light and unfaltering.
Some mornings and some nights, she finds him coughing up water again. But when she touches him now, he doesn’t flinch away; instead he takes her hand in his, wordlessly assuring her he’s fine. She doesn’t ask him what’s wrong anymore. He doesn’t tell her either.
There are secrets between them.
They are strangers.
They barely know each other. And yet… she needs him. And she can tell that he—somehow, for some reason—needs her as well.

• • •

The market of the nearby town is as busy as it was the last time they visited, and Leilani squints against the sun beating down on them as she tilts her head up for a bit, shifting her stance from one foot to the other. There’s quite a line at this particular fruit stall and while she knows there are others, she doesn’t bother to look for them, fairly certain there’ll be equal queues of people waiting there as well.
She turns toward Keanu standing next to her, catching herself just in time before she leans her head against his shoulder. They’re in a public place now. It’s too great a risk. But during the last week she’s grown comfortable around him and although the kisses and touches have been endless, she still finds herself insatiable, constantly longing for his closeness.
Aware of the constant chatter of voices all around them, she settles for giving him a smile instead.
His gaze flickers past her, however, and his features tighten in alarm.
Her heart missing a beat, she whirls around.
Iciness washes over her and dread coils her stomach: at least ten uniformed men have made their way onto the market, their white coats swaying as they march past the stalls. People hastily step aside, and conversations die down as they nervously watch the guards, as if all afraid to somehow summon the wrath of the Twins by simply blinking the wrong way.
Keanu takes her arm and subtly pulls her away, guiding them out of sight, first deeper into the crowd and then into the shadow of a tree. A parrot cries from a branch above them, before picking at some fruit.
Cautiously, they peer past the bodies of people to watch the guards march by, their gazes stern and pointed straight ahead.
“Does this happen often?” Keanu asks.
Leilani swallows with effort. “Only when the Twins are hungry for a spectacle. Then they simply begin to search for a victim to punish.”
“I thought you said they were careful nowadays? They didn’t want to end too many lives, needing the pearls,” Keanu counters quietly, not taking his eyes off the guards even though they’re nearly out of sight.
“When it comes to the Twins,” Leilani begins, “everything can change in a heartbeat.”
And there it is: the fear piercing through the peaceful haze, the rough wakeup call Leilani has been expecting, dreading, ignoring for a week.
Once again, it simply could not last.
“We should leave,” she urges, barely keeping herself from grabbing Keanu’s hand. “Let’s get out of here.”
He merely nods. She’s careful not to touch him or walk too close, highly aware that the guards must be near even though she can’t see them anymore. They weave through the crowd and soon leave the market, and end up walking in the grass next to a dirt road, the wheels of passing cars grinding over small, loose rocks.
“Could there be a ceremony coming?” Keanu suddenly asks.
Leilani’s stomach flips unpleasantly. “I don’t know.”
He frowns. “I thought you were always supposed to attend them. How could you not know?”
“Because the ceremonies are random,” she explains in a hushed tone, her eyes darting left to right, still looking for guards. “It all depends on the Twins’ mood.”
Keanu is silent for a bit, tightening his grip on the half-filled grocery bags as he walks next to her. “But one of them always wears the Crown during such a ceremony?”
“Yes,” Leilani says slowly.
“And that’s the only time you would be close enough to take it?”
The moment she fully grasps his words, her steps falter, and she has to stop herself from slamming to an abrupt halt. “T-Take it?” She throws him a bewildered glance and starts walking faster instead; he easily keeps up with her. “What are you saying? Are you suggesting I steal the Crown from them?” she hisses. “I’d end up dead in a heartbeat, Bride or not. They’d kill me—and I can’t fight them.”
“Maybe I could.”
She slows her pace instantly, staring at him.
He subtly nudges her arm to keep her moving, his expression smooth, unreadable.
“Why do you keep bringing this up?” she asks weakly, remembering last week’s talk.
“Your letters.”
She furrows her brow.
“In your letters, you said the Crown needed to be taken from the Twins.” He looks at her from the corner of his eye. “You asked for a savior.”
She did. She asked for a hero, and offered him her help.
She asked for a hero, and told him how scared she was.
And in the third letter, she asked for a hero… and begged him to save her.
Keanu never got the third. But he did receive the first two.
Yes, she asked for a hero, she wished to be saved.
But the thought of Keanu… the idea of him risking his life…
The possibility of losing him—
It frightens her more than she expected.
Panic claws at her throat, fear floods her chest, and it takes everything not to grab hold of his arm. “Please,” she whispers instead. “Just let this go, Keanu. I don’t expect anything from you. Please, just… don’t.”
He looks at her for a moment, and, once more, she can’t read his eyes.
Then he just nods.
They don’t say a word as they walk on, and remain silent even as they reach the bus stop—nothing more but a wooden pole in the grass next to the road. The bus has just arrived and the people waiting start into motion.
Everyone freezes, however, the instant the doors slide open and a guard steps out, his long white coat swaying with his motions.
“I want to see everyone’s ID,” he barks.
Voices quiet down to nervous murmurs as people timidly form a line, handing the guard their ID cards which he takes his time checking over before nodding for them to get on the bus.
Reluctantly, Leilani joins the queue with Keanu. She fumbles for her purse and takes out her card, nerves swirling in her stomach. The fact that the Twins have ordered their guards to do this, must mean they are looking for something, a reason to torture, or worse. Their last visit to the restaurant hasn’t been enough, then, to satisfy their thirst for violence for more than a week.
Maybe they’re careful to take lives nowadays, but that doesn’t mean they can’t terrorize people. Often, Leilani feels that the Twins simply thrive on fear and pain.
The guard nods to the woman standing in front of Leilani and Keanu, and she ushers her children onto the bus. There’s still a line behind them, and Leilani can nearly taste the restless mood like a bitter tang in the air as she steps forward and holds up her card for the guard to see.
He leans in, narrowing his eyes. “Leilani Mahina,” he says out loud, and she stiffens when she feels everyone’s attention settle on her—some people in the bus even lean out of the open windows, with surprised and puzzled looks on their faces.
“But…” someone murmurs.
Another voice: “Isn’t that what the Twins’ bride-to-be is called?”
The guard lifts his gaze up to her face, his features hardening. “The Weeper of Pearls,” he says softly.
Yet everyone hears him perfectly.
28
Leilani’s pulse quickens and her ID card nearly slips from her fingers that are suddenly slick with sweat. Slowly, she turns and looks around, wincing slightly every time she meets the eyes of everyone watching her.
Not everyone knew her face.
But everyone knows her name.
And now that they know that her name belongs to her face, she finds the very same expressions darkening the gazes around her which she has been seeing for the past three years in her hometown.
Fear.
Unease.
Anger, perhaps even a shred of hate.
Her breaths start coming out in tiny gasps and her legs tremble with the need to run, to hide, to make herself disappear so that no one is looking at her anymore, so that no one is even thinking of her, so that no one—
Her panicked thoughts scatter the instant she realizes the attention is shifting away from her.
Over to Keanu.
Without her realizing, he has stepped closer to her as if he’s trying to shield her with his body, while casting a dark look around that makes most people hastily glance the other way. But some don’t; some boldly hold his eye.
Because they realize Keanu belongs with her.
She almost opens her mouth to hiss at him to step away, to not challenge anyone, to widen the distance between them, to not even bother to stand up for her, for his own safety.
But it’s all too late.
“You must be the stranger we’ve heard about,” says a man, lifting his chin. “You’re still alive thanks to the Bride, aren’t you?”
“She let another man die,” comes a voice from the back.
“And yet she saved him.” A hand is lifted. A finger points.
At Keanu.
The crowd stirs and now more people are leaning out the windows of the bus to stare, and more voices speak up.
“Is he the same as her…?”
“I heard she just washed ashore one day, and so did he…”
“That’s not possible. The creatures should have killed him.”
“They didn’t kill her, either.”
“But does that mean…—?”
“You summoned him, didn’t you? With your dark magic,” the first man spits, his attention now back on Leilani. “What is he? Another helper for you and the Twins to kill us all?”
Leilani shakes her head, stumbles back a step. “N-No—”
“Maybe we should kill them instead!” another man calls out.
Shoulders are being pulled back, spines are straightened, chins lifted, and several step forward, all men, ignoring the pleas of their wives or girlfriends.
Leilani throws a glance at the guard.
He’s just watching—obviously conflicted, caught between his duties to Akamai and Haku, and his true thoughts, his true desires. There is an eager glint in his eyes, as if he’s half hoping these men will act on their words.
And she can almost see him thinking: There are too many. I won’t be able to stop them anyway.
He doesn’t want to, either.
“Keanu Alana, wasn’t it?” one of the men calls out.
Leilani whips her head around, and grows still when she finds Keanu lowering down the grocery bags and squaring his shoulders as he faces the men slowly moving closer.
“What about it?” he asks quietly.
No one replies. The men size him up, some are flexing their fists, some exchange glances.
There is such anger among the people, such frustration and desperation. And fear; they’re all terrified their lives will only become worse, will only become darker.
They are convinced she and Keanu are the reason.
The source of the disease of violence infecting this island.
The man who first spoke up suddenly takes a determined step forward, his gaze fixed on Keanu, who braces himself. The man pulls back his hand, curled into a fist—
Shock and fear collide in Leilani’s chest like two waves crashing into each other—and the impact drags up another sensation from deep inside of her, a rush of bravery that makes her stand up taller and speak evenly:
“Stop.”
Her voice is commanding enough that the man immediately freezes.
Everyone stares at her, startled.
Keanu turns to look, confusion and surprise on his face.
“Step back. All of you,” she adds louder, and her heart skips a beat when some actually do take a step back. “I am the Bride,” she continues, “and if anyone hurts me, the Twins will punish you all. And if any of you lays a finger on Keanu… I promise you the same will happen.”
Faces blanch, eyes dart away nervously, and the man who was about to attack purses his mouth into a thin line before he glances around, looking for the other men to back him up again.
No one does. No one dares.
“Step back!” the guard suddenly barks. “Let the Bride and Mr. Alana get on the bus!”
The Bride. Something cold slithers down her spine at hearing the title, but she doesn’t let it show as she steps onto the bus, Keanu following close behind. The driver shoots her a dark look, but she forces herself to keep her head lifted and pretend it doesn’t feel like a stab to her heart—and all she does is clench her jaw when people get up and hastily leave the bus, muttering things about “cursed” and “wicked” and “the Twins”.
She does not give in to the ache in the back of her throat, and blinks the burn from her eyes as she strides all the way to the back of the bus and tucks herself away in the corner, her heart racing. Keanu sits down next to her, setting the bags on the empty seats opposite to them.
The doors close and the bus pulls up. There’s hardly anyone left, save for an old man and a young woman sitting separately, and Leilani refuses to look outside to find everyone standing at the bus stop, staring after them.
Keanu shifts forward slightly, trying to catch her gaze. “You okay?”
“No,” she whispers, her eyes wide. She can feel her heartbeat in her throat. “What did I just do? I just… used my power as the Bride. I don’t even want to be…” She trails off, drawing a shaky breath.
“Do you think this will make it back to the Twins?” Keanu asks.
“Without a doubt,” she says, feeling sick.
A silence falls between them, merely disturbed by the bus’s engine, the other vehicles on the road, and the occasional shrieks of birds or the babble of water as they pass by creeks.
“Why,” Keanu begins at last, “did you do that?”
Slowly, Leilani lifts her face. She has to squint against the sunlight to see his face. “I didn’t want them to hurt you,” she says quietly.
“Hurt me?” He looks at her pointedly.
She reaches up and runs a finger down the scar on his cheek. He grows very still, watching her without blinking, his gray eyes somehow nearly green in the sunshine.
“I don’t want you to fight,” she whispers. “You’ve already done so more than enough, haven’t you?”
His lips part, but he doesn’t speak.
Leilani quickly lowers her hand and slightly turns away from him, staring out the window without actually seeing the road, the cars, the trees, the fields stretching out in the distance. And it all turns into an even hazier blur when Keanu’s hand suddenly finds hers on the seat between them, his fingers interlacing with hers.
He doesn’t let go.
She doesn’t pull back.

• • •

Streaks of red mar the sky as the sun reaches out, clinging to the final minutes of daytime before sinking below the horizon. The last rays of light glint in Leilani’s eyes as she glances out the window, her motions automatic, thoughtless as she works her way through the dishes. Keanu is beside her, quietly drying the plates and pans she hands him. They’ve just eaten a simple, light dinner, though neither of them had much of an appetite.
Once more, Leilani looks out the window, half-expecting to see the Twins arrive, Akamai smiling, Haku smirking, their voices taunting. “So… you are our Bride when it suits you, then, Leilani?” she can almost hear them say.
Keanu breaks the silence. “You’re expecting them?”
She bites down on her lower lip, halting her motions. “Any moment now,” she says hoarsely.
“What are you afraid of?” He drops the dishcloth onto the counter, bracing a hand against the edge as he turns to face her. “What do you think they’ll do?”
They’ll drag you out of here.
They’ll take you away.
They’ll imprison you in their Great Shell Castle in the sea.
They’ll torture you and make me watch.
They’ll force me to marry them—in exchange for your life.
All those words, all those sentences, all those truths are running through her mind, yet none manage to reach her tongue and fall from her lips. Again, her eyes begin to burn as desperation sweeps through her, already mourning the end of these sundrenched days they’ve spent together.
It’s all over.
But they’re not here yet, comes a whisper in the back of her mind. They haven’t destroyed anything yet. You still have time.
She grows still and her breathing grows shallow as the desperate but hungry whisper kindles a flame inside of her, a fire that roars like the ocean during a storm.
Waves of heat wash through her.
Want. Need. Desire.
For a change, she wants to have it all.
And the whisper, the fire, the sea is telling her to cast aside her fear and just claim it.
Claim it all.
Before time has run out.
Pulling her hands from the water, she doesn’t bother to dry them off first before grabbing the collar of Keanu’s shirt and cupping the left side of his face, tugging him closer while she pushes herself up on her toes, pressing her mouth to his. He answers reluctantly, and doesn’t commit to the kiss, doesn’t drag her back when she leans away to meet his eyes.
His brow drawn slightly, he studies her before letting his gaze wander over to the windows.
It should stop her. Make her think straight.
Instead, she inhales a steadying breath, takes his wrist and begins tugging him along. He follows her without a word, up the stairs and into her bedroom, and still doesn’t speak as he watches her closing the curtains.
If they are coming, she doesn’t want to see or know until the very last moment.
Until then… she just wants it all.
She turns and steps up to him, standing close but not touching, his body heat seeping through her dress. He looks down at her, silent, his gray eyes slightly wide as he searches her face. He releases a quiet sigh when she reaches up and caresses his cheeks, and he folds his hands over hers to keep them in place.
Leilani moves closer and angles her head back and slightly to the side, sliding her mouth over his. He immediately catches her lips, his kiss firm but asking, searching. She answers with a brush of her tongue, and then his fingers slide into and become coiled in her hair so he can pull her closer, deepening the kiss. A soft moan escapes from the back of her throat as more heat sweeps through her.
She needs more.
Keanu pauses and pulls away slightly, his heavy breaths tickling her lips as she runs her hands down his chest and stomach, relishing the hardness, the firmness of him and grabbing hold of the hem of his shirt, tugging it up. He steps back and raises his arms for her so she can pull it over his head, and she lets her gaze wander over him as she drops his shirt to the floor, her heart pounding and her thoughts hazy as she takes in his lean, muscular build.
Running her hands up his abdomen, she starts kissing his chest, no longer feeling shy or reluctant, finding herself falling in love with the strength of him that makes her stomach flutter in nervous anticipation. He shivers under her touch, but tugs her closer and tips up her chin, guiding her mouth back to his.
She wraps her arms around his waist, letting her hands now explore the muscles of his back, his shoulder blades, tracing his spine until he groans into her mouth and his fingers tighten in her hair. She starts walking backwards, pulling him along and onto her bed, not letting him go so that he comes to lie on top of her, wanting to feel the weight of him pressing her into the mattress.
His lips find her jaw, then wander down to her neck—but it’s not enough, not anymore, so she takes his hands and guides them down to her hips, under her dress that has hitched up slightly.
He grows still for just a moment.
Then his kisses grow more feverish as he once again claims her lips, easing his hands up and up, tugging her dress up higher, his thumbs caressing her hipbones and soon her ribs, the undersides of her breasts. She arches up and into him, curling her fingers into his hair, kissing him hard—
Suddenly, he breaks away.
Her eyes fly open to find him looking down at her with a strange look, one she can’t read. His hands are already retreating and he’s pushing up onto his elbows, lifting his weight off her.
Shaking her head, she pulls him back. “It’s okay,” she whispers against his mouth. “I want this—”
But he’s already pulling back again, moving away so he’s sitting next to her. The shadows in the room have darkened, hiding his eyes from her sight. A dull stab of hurt pierces Leilani’s chest as she sits up as well, her heart still pounding, feeling warm all over. She stares at him, confused, and can’t help her voice from sounding small when she asks, unsure: “Don’t you… want me?”
Keanu utters a breathy laugh, dragging a hand through his hair, letting it come to a rest on the back of his neck as he closes his eyes, as if he’s struggling with something. “Yes,” he says in a rough voice. “Yes, I do want you.”
She hastily blinks away her tears. “Then why—”
“Because I can’t keep this up anymore,” he cuts her off. “You deserve so much better.”
“What…” She stares at him, something icy wrapping itself around her heart. “What are you talking about?”
“The lies, Leilani,” he whispers. “All the lies.”
29
Leilani begins to tremble, despite having no idea what he’s talking about, but an ominous sensation creeps over her all the same as she watches him in the shadows. His head is still down, his back bent as if a terrible weight has descended upon him.
Her hands are shaking when she starts pulling her dress down, curling up her legs under the skirt, suddenly feeling cold. “What lies?” she manages, sounding faint.
Keanu swallows audibly and doesn’t look up. “You think I am the King, don’t you? The true King you’ve written to all this time.”
She doesn’t answer. Her breaths become shallow.
Finally, he lifts his head. “I’m not him.”
Several things happen at once—she feels like she’s falling, as if his confession comes as a genuine shock; she feels a sigh of relief flow through her, because it somehow would’ve been too difficult to accept it as the truth; she feels a stab of disappointment, as if the younger version of her truly had believed it.
But lastly, and mostly, she feels a dull sense of calm. No surprise. Nothing.
Because, of course, she knew.
Deep down, rationally, she knew fully well that Keanu couldn’t have been the true King of the Ocean. After all, the Twins should have recognized them if he were, shouldn’t they?
And yet—some things don’t add up.
“Then how?” she whispers. “How did you reach this island? How did you not get killed by the creatures? How can you…” Memories flash before her mind’s eye, of colorful fish, blue water, sunlight shimmering from above, their hands touching and lips meeting in their own secret world, “…breathe under water?”
Keanu takes a moment before he replies, then rubs at the inside of his elbow. “They’ve injected me with something. Some kind of serum. I can’t drown.” He pauses. “It’s the reason I keep coughing up water. I guess it’s a side effect of sorts.”
Leilani blinks, trying to take it in, to make sense of his words. “Injected?” she repeats. “Who? What are you talking about—”
“As I told you, I’m from Anthurium Island,” he interrupts her, though he talks softly. “It’s different from Hibiscus. And even though there are no Twins to terrorize the island, there are other… dangers. Other people trying to rule.” He sits up straighter. “There is a woman, called Madam Deep. She steals children from their parents and claims orphans from the streets—all to turn them into soldiers, an army that robs and fights for her.
“I am one of those children. I’ve been part of the Deep for nearly fifteen years. That’s… a long time. Most don’t survive that long.” He stops and his features tighten, and for a second his eyes dart to the corner of the room, but Leilani doesn’t see anything but shadows.
Keanu inhales, then hesitates before saying: “Madam Deep wants the Crown. Its power will allow her to become the absolute ruler of Anthurium, but also of Hibiscus and Cosmos. And she chose me. She sent me to claim the Crown for her.”
Although she’s nearly motionless save for her chest moving in time with her breaths, Leilani feels like she’s running to keep up with his story—his story about another island she’s never seen, his story about another life she never imagined.
“To… steal it?” she asks at last.
He nods. “I was given the serum so I could reach this island. I left on a boat and once I came too close, the sea creatures began attacking me. I fell into the water,” he continues, holding her eye, as if he’s trying to say I told you the truth, it wasn’t all a lie. “I pretended to drown, and the creatures pulled back and left, thinking they killed me. As soon as they were gone, I began to swim. But eventually it exhausted me, the water grew too cold and too wild as the storm came in, and I lost consciousness.
“The next day, I woke up.” He seems to want to reach out to her, but doesn’t and clenches his hand into a fist instead. “And you had found me.”
Yes, she found him on that stormy morning.
Several hours after flinging her desperate wish, a cry for help into the sea.
“What about the letters?” Her voice is shaking. “This doesn’t make sense. If you’re not the King of the Ocean, then how did you find them—two of them?”
He opens his mouth, closes it, then releases a sigh. “I can’t explain. I found your first letter on the beach when I was thirteen. I took it with me, smuggled it in and kept it a secret from everyone in the gang, always hiding it, afraid someone would take it from me and destroy it.” He shifts a little closer and the mattress dips slightly. Leilani stares at the space between them, trying to remember to breathe. Keanu goes on, his voice hoarse and low: “Your letter did something to me. Touched me. As if… it woke me up. For years, I’d been brainwashed. Raised to be cold, emotionless. To fight, to steal, to hurt. I…—” He falters briefly. “I’d been taught not to care about anything or anyone. The Deep makes machines of us all. Puppets. But, somehow, your letter shook me awake. It made me think. It showed me another world. A kind of world I had been born and living in, before I was taken.
“And then, seven years later, when I was twenty, I found a second message in a bottle on the same beach, in nearly the same spot. I couldn’t believe it when I saw your name signed at the bottom.” He hesitates. “It almost made me wonder… whether it could be destiny. That there must be a reason for me finding both of your letters.
“And then,” he repeats, shaking his head, “you were the one who found me. When you told me your name, I couldn’t be sure, but… you turned out to actually be the girl from the letters. It can’t be a coincidence, Leila—”
“Just stop.”
Keanu draws back, staring at her.
Her chest constricts when she takes in the look on his face, resembling the same one he’d given her the morning after he held her that first night and she flinched away from him.
Hurt. Wounded. Vulnerable.
But she feels just as hurt, just as wounded, just as vulnerable as she starts fitting the pieces of his story together—and right now, she doesn’t want him to talk about destiny, doesn’t want to hear sweet words about her letters somehow opening his eyes.
She barely understands the story he has told her about his life.
However, there is one thing she does understand.
“You’ve slowly began opening up to me. You made me believe that what we shared was real. I knew I didn’t truly know you, I knew you were keeping things from me, but… Tell me. Just tell me.” She curls her fingers into the fabric of her skirt, her cheeks burning with humiliation, anger, fear. “Do you care about me at all? Or did you just grow close to me in order to come closer to the Twins? To the Crown,” she adds in a half-whisper.
Keanu hesitates.
“No.” She shakes her head at him, fighting the tears in her eyes. “No more lies.”
30
Keanu’s jaw tightens as he watches her in silence, as if trying to trap the words inside.
Waiting, Leilani presses her lips together.
“At first,” he finally begins, his voice rough, “yes. I planned to use you. That night when I discovered you were the Bride and you took me back here… I figured I should come close to you in order to fulfill my mission.”
Leilani brushes her trembling fingertips over her arm; the cut made by Haku almost two weeks ago has long healed, and the only reminder is a soft pink line. “That entire day, you’d been flinching away from me. But that night you suddenly offered to bandage my arm. And you began asking me all those questions.” Her lips curl up into something resembling a smile, though it feels ugly, warped, wrong. “But it was just to win my trust. All for the Crown.”
“At first, yes,” he says again, but shakes his head, “but all that changed soon after—everything changed when I found out you were her. The girl from the letters. Leilani.”
She briefly closes her eyes, trying to shield herself against the raw desperation with which he says her name. “Everything changed for you then?” She smiles again, that same misshaped thing. “And yet you made me believe you really were the King.”
“I never answered when you asked me—”
“You allowed me to believe. To make a damn fool of myself,” she rushes out, and she sees him blink at her choice of words. She doesn’t care. “Why did you do that? To win my trust, right? To make me believe you could be my savior, so I’d do anything for you. So you could obtain the Crown.”
He casts his gaze at the ceiling, as if looking at her has become too hard. “I shouldn’t have done that, but… I just…— You seemed so hopeful. And I thought of your letter, especially your first. I meant what I said; I can quote it, word for word. I know how much you used to believe in him. You were certain he’d come to rescue you. And I… a part of me… I wanted to be the King for you—”
“Just stop it,” she cuts him off, feeling weak.
“Leilani,” he nearly groans, raking a hand through his dark hair. “I don’t want to hurt you. Not you. I—I really…” He struggles for words, throwing her a tormented look that hits her right in the chest; in her heart. “You’ve given me a taste of a life I never thought was possible. I only know violence. I’m used to having to be on my guard, constantly, even when I sleep. Having to fight for everything. Always having to prove myself in order to stay alive.
“I’ve never met a girl like you before,” he goes on, the words rushing out of him now. “I didn’t know things could be this way. Everything about you is real. And sweet. And safe. You don’t hit, kick, or cut me—instead you smile at me, you hold me, you kiss me.” He stops, roughly running a hand through his hair again. “I don’t expect you to understand. I don’t even want you to; I want you to stay away from the world I come from, as far away as possible.
“Instead, I… want to stay in your world. I don’t want to lose it. This. Us,” he adds, shifting closer on the bed. “I can’t tell you how sorry I am, but I really—”
“No. Don’t apologize.”
He grows still and stares at her, searching her face. She looks back at him and her gaze lingers on the scars on his cheek and above his eyebrow, then briefly dips down to the cut on his chest, remembering what he just told her.
In her head, she’s been calling him her wild stranger from the sea.
It’s fitting.
Because he is a stranger. A total stranger.
He is a secret she’s certain she will never unravel.
She doesn’t want to.
“It’s my own fault,” she says, turning away from him on the bed. “I still haven’t learned a thing after Jin. I’m an idiot.”
Once more, she has let herself be lured in by warm looks, soft touches, pretty gestures, and beautiful words. The shaking returns to her limbs, and her chest feels full, tight, overflowing with a waterfall of anger, shame, hurt.
“You’re not—” Keanu begins.
“Just go,” she cuts him off quietly. “Leave.”
He flinches back. Actually flinches, and the final remnants of his mask crumble away, revealing a look so vulnerable, he reminds her of a child who is lost and scared. It’s that wounded look again, but rawer, sending an ache straight into her soul that nearly makes her take back her words, because a part of her still just wants to wrap her arms around him, to have and keep and cherish all of him.
But she catches herself.
“Just go,” she repeats weakly.
His mouth tightens and he begins to shake his head. “Leilani—”
“Go,” she says again, and it sounds like a gasp as a sob threatens to tear its way out of her throat. She can’t look at him anymore, can’t hear him say her name like that anymore. “Just go. Just go!”
She throws out a hand, shoving his shoulder.
She regrets it the instant she does, but refuses to look at him and curls up instead, wrapping her arms around her legs, hiding her face behind her knees. “Go,” she whispers, squeezing her eyes shut.
A tear rolls down her cheek.
A pearl falls next to her onto the bed.
And a part of her—a part of herself she’s ashamed of—half wishes for Keanu to wrap his arms around her and screams at her to just let go of the betrayal, to simply forget about it.
But his weight suddenly disappears from the mattress as he rises. She hears the rustle of fabric as he picks his shirt up from the floor and shrugs it on. She listens to his fading footsteps as he walks away, into another room. A couple of minutes later, they descend the stairs. The doors of the restaurant open. Then close.
Silence is all that follows.
Slowly, she lifts her head, breathing shakily. Just as shakily, she unravels and gets up and walks to Han’s room.
Keanu’s bag is gone. So are her letters.
There’s still that part of her, screaming at her, urging her to run down the stairs, to hurry outside, to stop him from going, to throw her arms around him, to beg him to stay.
She doesn’t.
Keanu is gone. He left, like she asked of him. She should not forgive him.
Her wild stranger from the sea was really just a liar.
Not a King.
Not a savior.
A liar.
The Nameless Girl
31
After the man had found the nameless girl, who’d somehow made it safely out of the sea, wherever she came from, he told her many stories about the true King of the Ocean.
Sometimes he wondered if it would trigger a forgotten memory, buried deep in the girl’s mind. Later, as she got older, he would even tell her that he believed she had a connection to the sea and its original ruler. But the girl listened to all his stories, wide-eyed and her face lit in wonder, like a child hearing a fairytale for the very first time.
One sunny day—one of many—he took her down the hill and to the beach, where he pointed to the sea. “There,” he told her. “Right there.”
She threw him a confused look.
“There used to be a gate that rose from the sea,” he explained, grinning at her puzzled expression. “The King used it as one of his portals to enter the land; it would cast a spell on him, which enabled him to breathe air.”
“A gate?” The girl frowned, staring at the blue-green ocean stretched out before them. “Where is it now?”
“It vanished, not long after the Twins stole the Crown.” He paused. “All portals did, even those of the other Crown Islands. They sank down into the ocean floor, and not a trace of them has ever been found.”
“What did they look like?”
“I’ll show you,” the man told her, and he took her back up the hill and into the restaurant, where he sank down at one of the tables and began to draw on a sheet of paper, his sketch lines certain and straight as he drew a wooden gate that resembled a T, but then with two legs instead of just one. It seemed to be made of driftwood, from sunken ships that were long forgotten, overgrown with shells as if it were plants and flowers.
“That’s beautiful,” the girl beamed, clapping her hands together. Then she cocked her head to the side. “But… how do you know what they look like, if all the gates disappeared so many years ago? You’re old, but not that old. Right?”
“Well, thank you,” he said drily. “My father used to draw it for me. He was about twelve years old when the Twins claimed the title of King, but he could still remember what the portals looked like.”
“And now you are drawing it for me.” The girl shot him a sudden solemn look, all glee drained from her face. “But I’m not really your daughter…”
He patted her head. “To me, you are.”
She stared at his drawing, linking her hands together behind her back, shifting from one foot to the other. “Why aren’t you married? Why don’t you have children?”
The man studied her. “Because,” he began at last, “as long as the Twins control this island, I don’t want to raise children in such a dangerous, dark world.”
“Was everything better when the true King was still King?” the girl asked quietly.
His mouth stretched out into a tired smile. “I think it was.”
The girl shifted her stance again, still looking at the drawing. “You told me before that the King is immortal and he had to remarry again and again, because he outlived all his wives. What about his children? Did they all die as well? Did he sometimes take them with him,” she continued, tapping the drawing of the gate, “so they could play on the island?”
“The King never had any children.”
She raised her eyebrows. “He didn’t?”
The man shook his head. “No. It was just the King, his Ocean Spirits, and his current mortal wife. They all lived in his castle under the sea.”
“You mean… that one?” She pointed outside, and although they couldn’t see the spiraling building from here, they both could easily conjure an image of it in their mind; the Great Shell Castle, forever veiled by mist, even on the clearest, sunniest day.
“Yes. It did not rise from the ocean before the Twins took the Crown.”
Looking pensive, the girl considered the drawing once more—then suddenly picked up the pencil the man had used and made her way over to the stairs, her steps determined.
“Where are you going?” asked the man, surprised.
The girl paused to look back at him—and in that moment she looked like a creature from the sea, wild and free, her eyes bright and her face hopeful. “I’m going to write the King a letter. I’m going to help him,” she said, “to come back and reclaim his throne.”
There was not a single doubt in the girl’s heart that day.
She was pure. She was strong.
She knew nothing of disappointment.
Knew nothing of heartache.
Not yet.
32
The days crawl by. The restaurant has become an empty place. Customers stay away.
Keanu is gone.
Leilani is alone—even the Twins don’t come to visit her. She still hasn’t seen them or even heard from them.
But she’s waiting, every single day.
She no longer feels scared of their impending visit. All she really feels is heaviness, a weight on her heart that is more than just the sorrow of the ocean mourning its true King for many decades; it is also her own.
Her own heartache. Her own wounds.
Life is empty. She’s aimless. All she does is hide in the restaurant, in her room, sensing but not caring about the time slipping away from her. She doesn’t set foot on the beach anymore, doesn’t even glance at the sea. She cannot heal the creatures there, cannot bear to forge a connection with them again.
The sea had become his and her world.
A dream for them to share and hide in.
It hurts to remember it, to even think of it, so she chooses not to and simply waits; waits, for the inevitable to happen as the dull ache in her heart spreads out to her entire body, causing her chest, her stomach, even her limbs to ache.
But day after day, there is nothing.
No ominous knock on the door.
No voices ordering her to come out.
Even at night, the cursed sea creatures seem to keep their distance, no longer hovering around the restaurant, no longer drifting past the windows and casting her room in a deep-blue glow. She doesn’t wonder what it means. She doesn’t care. She tries not to think about it.
About anything.
Like this, nearly a week has gone by, the days nothing but a blur of shadows despite the blue skies and shimmering sunlight.
But today, a storm seems to be arriving, as if the disease of her broken heart has finally seeped out of her and is now leaking into the outside world. Leilani lowers her watering can, looking up the moment a gust of wind starts tugging at her hair, clothes, and the potted plants on the porch she’s just been taking care of. She peers at the gray clouds gathering above the sea, dyed red in the sunset.
A storm is coming.
She should bring the plants inside, just in case.
It’s an automatic thought, just like her motions are as she moves to crouch down and lift one of the heavier pots—
Leilani grows still when she catches sight of someone from the corner of her eye.
A figure, climbing up the hill.
She turns—and, for a moment, just for a moment, she thinks it might be him, it could be Keanu, and hope stirs in her chest and makes her come alive. She catches her traitorous heart beating faster, and with every beat she comes closer to admitting to herself how much she has missed him, even though her head angrily tells her that she shouldn’t.
But she doesn’t care anymore, and she’s already nearly sobbing in relief; she already nearly runs down the steps and—
Leilani freezes.
All hope and joy and relief die in her chest, and the weight of the past week slams back into place. There is not just one, but three figures coming toward her. Two guards, flanking a young man.
One of the Twins.
Haku.
Growing even stiller, Leilani’s gaze sweeps left to right and then looks over the guards again, confused. Where is Akamai? They never come alone. They’re always together.
Her attention shifts back to Haku as he comes closer. She straightens.
At least, she thinks to herself, the wait is over now.
Haku stops in front of her, at the foot of the porch steps, angling his head back to look up at her. He smirks, while the guards keep their faces carefully neutral, their gazes pointed straight ahead, staring at nothing.
“Surely,” Haku drawls, “you were expecting me?”
She meets his eye. “Where is your brother?”
He points to his head, though he’s not wearing the Crown. “He is King today; for the moment, I am his servant.”
Leilani slightly furrows her brow, studying him. There’s something… strange about his behavior, almost as if he’s trying to evade her question. His reply seems oddly off.
Haku raises an eyebrow as the wind picks up again, pulling at his wild, shoulder-length hair. “Let’s go inside.”
She merely turns around and steps into the restaurant. Behind her, she hears Haku telling the guards to stay outside and wait until he’s finished. The floorboards creak as he steps through the entrance, and the soft roar of the wind grows softer as he closes the doors behind him. Leilani watches him as he takes place at one of the tables.
“Please,” he says, gesturing to the chair across from him, the hint of a smirk still lingering on his lips. “Sit.”
Without a word, Leilani sinks down.
“I assume you know why I am here.”
“It’s been nearly a week,” she says, not meeting his gaze.
“Yes. We had other… issues to deal with. However, my brother and I,” he continues smoothly, “were quite surprised to hear you had once again openly admitted to be our Bride and to use that title in your favor—to, once again, come to Keanu Alana’s aid, as you did at Shun Kama’s execution.”
Keeping her eyes fixed on the table, Leilani doesn’t reply.
“I’m actually looking for Mr. Alana. Where is he?”
Leilani forces herself to speak around the sudden, unwelcome lump in her throat. “He’s gone.”
Haku’s fingers, that had just been drumming rhythmically on the table, grow completely still. “Gone?” he repeats tonelessly.
“Yes. He left.” She finally looks up at him. “I don’t know where he is.”
His eyes narrow as he studies her, searching for a lie. But the thing is, there is no lie. Leilani really doesn’t have a clue; she hasn’t even caught a glimpse of Keanu since he left. Haku leans back on his chair, gauging her expression, and she holds her breath, waiting for him to start demanding the truth—his truth.
“The pearls,” he suddenly says, looking past her and slouching down nonchalantly. “I’m here to collect them.”
She’s not sure whether it’s a good thing that he drops the issue so easily, but she doesn’t dwell on it and simply gets up and retrieves the new sack she’s been keeping behind the counter. Haku practically snatches it from her hand, sitting up straight again as he peers inside, roughly running his fingers through the contents.
Clicking his tongue—eerily reminding Leilani of his twin brother—he starts shaking his head. “That’s not enough.”
A tiny spark of fear lights up the heaviness in her chest, but she manages to keep her voice steady: “It’s the same amount as usual—”
“And it is not enough.” He lowers the sack onto the table, rougher than he should, and a few pearls spill out and roll to the floor. “I know you have more, Leilani.”
She stares at him. He tries to hide it, but… there is a certain desperation to his demeanor, leaking into his words. His dark eyes somehow don’t catch the light in this moment, rendering them dark, endless pools. Why, why are the pearls so important to the Twins? The question burns on her tongue.
But she doesn’t ask. She merely nods and goes upstairs to get him the pearls he wants so badly, because in all honesty, she just doesn’t care anymore. She just wants him to leave, she just… well. She doesn’t actually really know anymore.
Maybe she wishes she could turn back time and return to those days with Keanu again.
Or perhaps she’d like to travel back even further, when she was still Han’s daughter and he protected her from the Twins, who knew nothing of her gift.
In her room, she opens the drawer of her desk to take out the box where she keeps her other pearls. She pauses to stare down at it, running her fingertips over the delicate carvings decorating the lid. Those days with Keanu… she hardly cried.
That week, the sea had been at peace. Like her.
Shaking it off, she turns to go back downstairs, but freezes in the doorway of her room when she sees a shadow on the floor of the hallway; Haku comes up the stairs. He shoots her a single, dark look before he strides over to the door of Han’s bedroom and flings it open. He disappears inside, then comes out again and moves over to the bathroom, clutching the cotton sack in his hand.
Her heart begins to pound and she steps over the threshold and into the hallway, watching him moving from room to room, his marine-blue coat swaying, his jaw tight.
Finally, he emerges from the small living room and comes to stand before her, his breaths somewhat labored, his shoulders rising and falling, his hair wild and partly obscuring his eyes.
“I told you,” Leilani says, “he’s gone. I’m not hiding him,” she adds, handing over the box.
He pulls it from her fingers and only breaks off eye-contact to check the contents. “You must have more,” he says in a rough voice.
Leilani’s eyes widen. It still isn’t enough…?
“Bring it to me,” he snarls.
“But this is much more than I usually give you—”
“Bring. It. To. Me.”
Her legs begin to shake, but she braces herself. “Then I can’t guarantee I’ll have enough pearls for next time—”
“Then I’ll give you a reason to cry,” Haku cuts her off in a hiss.
She only has a second to register the gleam in his eyes.
He thrusts up his hand—and a sudden, roaring noise thunders into the space around them. Leilani winces, but freezes when she sees something shimmer, move, stir behind Haku’s shoulder at the other side of the hallway, near the stairs.
Water.
A wave.
The floor trembles and a dark blue glow paints the walls and ceiling; a gasp gets stuck in her throat when she sees two jellyfish emerge from the water, their tentacles swirling.
Time seems to slow down.
For just a second.
The wave comes rolling toward her, slamming against the walls and causing everything to shake, making her stumble back. The lamp suspended from the ceiling sways wildly, the flower vase is knocked from its table—but she doesn’t hear it shatter, she doesn’t hear anything but the roar of the water.
There is no time.
No chance to run.
She doesn’t think. She throws her arm out, her palm facing the advancing water that neatly splits in half around Haku, protecting him from harm, and she can already feel the spray of it on her skin, prepares herself for the impact…
But it never comes.
The wave stops right in front of her, inches away from her outstretched palm.
As if frozen in time.
33
Leilani stares at the wave suspended before her.
She’s not sure whether the water is still roaring, or if it’s just in her ears.
In her mind.
A surge of strength sweeps through her and her gaze wanders over to the large jellyfish trapped in the frozen wave… and it’s like she can feel their agony, sense their suffering, as they’ve been forced to serve their false Kings for so long.
I’m sorry, she whispers in her mind.
And blue changes to purple, to a shade of pink, and the jellyfish no longer look sinister and devilish, but dreamy and angelic instead, like the sweet, dear creatures she has often met in the sea.
Breathless, she turns to Haku.
He stares back at her with wide eyes.
Suddenly he doesn’t look so menacing anymore. His uniform doesn’t seem to fit him, as if it’s much too large. He’s like a child, playing dress up.
All her fear for him, for his brother, melts away.
She grits her teeth—and while she barely understands how she is doing it, she allows the power she feels rushing through her to take over, and with that, she senses her mind slipping into the water, merging with it, becoming one.
The wave grows larger, higher, until it’s pressing against the ceiling.
Then, she pushes it away.
Heavy tremors pulse through the hallway as the wave comes back to life, and this time, she doesn’t see the water split around Haku—instead, it slams into him and he’s carried backward until he collides with the wall.
The water rushes on, rolls violently through the apartment, and spills off the stairs, dragging the jellyfish with it until they simply vanish.
Leilani looks at the stairs, at the pools of water on the floor.
There is incoherent shouting from outside. The guards?
Leilani starts into motion and hurries past Haku, who is on the floor, slumped against the wall.
As she’s halfway down the stairs, water splashing underneath her bare feet, she falters and grabs the banister to steady herself. Everything is shaking, and she looks on as furniture and kitchen tools are spilling outside through the windows and the doors, that must have been slammed open by the force of the water; tables are being dragged out by the wave rolling through the restaurant, as well as the chairs, and even the lid from the fish tank has been lifted, and she watches the fish spill out as they’re carried away by the water, outside, down the hill, to the sea.
The guards are yelling and clinging to the porch, their arms wrapped around the wooden posts as they stare at the wave rolling out of the restaurant.
But Leilani also finds the water spilling in the other direction, an infinite wave streaming out of the windows above the kitchen sink—the wooden board covering up the broken glass has been dragged away—, and it’s like a waterfall crashing down the hill and into the town below.
The water, the wave—it doesn’t stop, as if it has a bottomless source, rushing through the restaurant and destroying and stealing everything in its path.
Something wild is beating alongside Leilani’s heart.
Her lips are parted, her face is slack. How did she…?
“You,” says a gravelly voice behind her.
Before she can turn around, Haku’s hands have grabbed her shoulders and then he’s already pushing her down the stairs, where he roughly presses her against the wall. She quickly throws out her hands to prevent her face from slamming into the wooden panels and turns her cheek to the side, stiffening when Haku’s breath is hot against her ear. “What have you done?” he snarls. “How?!”
She doesn’t answer, breathing shakily.
I don’t know. I really don’t.
Growling, Haku twists her around and she winces when the back of her head slams into the wall. His gaze is not just wild, it is savage, as he makes a gesture with his hand.
A deep-blue glowing jellyfish rises from the water on the restaurant floor; the flow finally seems to diminish, leaking outside, the wave growing smaller. The creature drifts over to them hesitantly, and Leilani briefly catches a flicker of purple and pink, but Haku makes another gesture and the jellyfish becomes his puppet once more.
It raises its tentacles.
And water suddenly bubbles in the back of Leilani’s throat, spilling into her lungs when she inhales.
Haku is watching her, obviously waiting for her to start coughing, choking, drowning.
But nothing happens. Leilani breathes through it.
Air or water—to her body, it is all oxygen.
Haku’s face falls, and for the very first time since Leilani has known him, a flicker of fear tugs at his features.
“What,” he near-whispers, “are you…?”
She levels her look on him, her heart pounding, her hands shaking, the same question echoing in her mind.
A nameless girl, washed ashore.
A nameless girl, maybe sent here for a reason.
“The Weeper of Pearls,” is all she says.
His nostrils flare and for a moment she thinks he might hit her, he might start screaming into her face, he might find another way to hurt her—but he suddenly blinks, as if shaken from a daze, and turns around.
A second jellyfish comes drifting down the stairs, leaving a trail of wetness, carrying a sack and a box in its tentacles. Haku snatches the pearls from the creature, and hastily checks the contents. His mouth tightens.
“I…” He falters when he looks at Leilani, but recovers with a snarl, standing up straighter and rising above her. “I will come back,” he says softly.
Leilani presses herself closer against the wall as he brushes past her, crosses the restaurant and strides outside. The jellyfish glide after him, and only once they have left does Leilani manage to force her trembling legs back into motion.
Haku is already halfway down the hill, his guards and sea creatures in tow. Leilani is shaking all over as she looks around the ruined restaurant, that seems so much larger now that it’s so empty, but she snaps out of her stupor when she hears faint voices coming from the distance.
Stumbling over to the kitchen windows and gazing out over the town below, her breath briefly catches in her throat. There is water in the streets, and people are moving about frantically, some of them looking up at the restaurant.
Stepping back, Leilani lifts her hands and stares down at them. Such power.
And yet… it will only cause her problems.
She’d been trying so hard to hide the fact that she can breathe under water from the Twins—but now they have not only discovered that. Instead, she has revealed a part of herself she didn’t even know was there.
Yes, it feels like power.
But she senses the cold hand of fear wrapping itself around her heart instead.
Because what will they do with her, now that they know she has powers to challenge theirs?

• • •

She feels cold.
Thunder rumbles in the distance, clouds swirl overhead, the ocean’s waves tug at her dress, at her limbs, restless, hungry.
She feels lost.
Standing in the water, Leilani watches the storm advancing, knowing she should get out of the sea, it’s much too dangerous with those flashes of lightning illuminating the dark, dark sky. But she doesn’t know where to go, and so she lingers here.
The restaurant has been ruined. The apartment as well, save for her bedroom where the water never managed to reach. She has nothing left. Not a home.
No one.
She’s alone, and all what’s left for her is to wait. She stares at the castle rising from the ocean in the distance, veiled by fog and stormy waves that are crashing and spraying. Should she just begin to swim and make her way over there, to sacrifice herself? She’s growing tired of all this.
So, so tired.
There is no one to save her.
She is loveless.
There is no one to hold her, no matter how much she craves a pair of arms—but she also feels no love for herself anymore, nor for life. Everything is gone. It’s over.
This is her destiny.
It has been since the day that the Twins claimed her as their Bride.
The power she discovered tonight doesn’t give her hope or strength. She barely knows how to control it, and then again, what would she be fighting for?
She’s alone.
And she still would be even if, somehow, she’d win the battle. If she’d claim the Crown, no one would want her as their Queen. If she’d give it away, perhaps even gave it back to the true King—if he’s even still out there—, she would have nowhere to go. The people want her gone from this island.
But no other island would ever feel like home.
Because she’s alone.
The water is cold, as dark and gray as she feels inside, drenching the skirt of her dress, and the wind whips around her, whistling and roaring.
No one should be without love.
Without its safety. Without its protection. Without its warmth.
Without its hope.
All she wants is a pair of arms to keep her safe from the darkness of her future.
All she wants is a body to guard her against the destiny she can’t outrun by herself any longer, someone to shield her from that final blow she knows will break her forever.
All she wants is another soul to keep her warm with promises that aren’t based on lies, with love that is real and not based on gaining power.
She wants someone to be with.
Someone to call home.
Then, and only then, would she have a reason to go on.
All she wishes for is a savior—
“Leilani.”
The voice comes from behind her, faint, as the wind grabs it and tries to steal it away.
But she hears it, loud and clear.
Her breath catches and her eyes widen, but she doesn’t turn around, she only stares ahead at the advancing storm, trembling all over because there is an even worse storm now behind her.
She should run. But she can’t, because she cannot unhear the ache in his voice, the pleading, the wanting, the needing, the craving.
“Leilani,” he says again, closer now.
There is a faint brush of warmth behind her—
Then, two strong arms come around her and air gets caught in her throat when she’s pulled into a hard but warm chest, the arms tightening around her. Aching, pleading, wanting, needing, craving.
His voice slips into her ear: “I had to come back.”
The storm rages around them, but they’re two pillars in the sea, caught in their own hurricane.
His breath brushes her skin: “Please—forgive me.”
Tears gather in her eyes and then they slip and they pour and they fall.
Like pearls.
Keanu’s plea shatters the pieces of her heart, causes the sea of her to rise and crash down, drowning her in waves:
“Please.”
34
He’s holding her so tight she can barely breathe. There’s an insistent, angry, hurt voice in the back of her head telling her to push him away, to tell him to let go.
But his arms—
She had forgotten how it felt to be held by him, how small she feels when she’s so close to him, how… safe.
Still, despite everything, she feels so protected.
“Please,” he whispers once more into her ear, drawing her close, and Leilani isn’t sure whether she’s the one who is trembling, or that it’s his body that is shaking.
What she does know, is that he sounds as lost as she feels.
She sobs quietly and stops fighting it; she collapses against him and closes her eyes, leaning into the warmth and strength of him. She hears and feels him exhale a shuddering sigh, before he releases her so he can turn her around and they’re facing each other, his hands on her quaking shoulders. And then his thumbs are brushing away her tears, and then he’s kissing them off her cheeks, whispering her name over and over again.
“I… Haku… Haku came,” she manages.
Keanu grows still and leans back. “What has he done?” he asks, so soft the sea and the storm nearly drown out his voice, his eyes suddenly bright and clear and cold.
Like that of a predator smelling blood.
Leilani shakes her head. “No, I… I did something. That wave—I was controlling it, and then it grew, and…—”
“That was you?” Keanu glances in the direction of the town. “I saw it. It’s why I came back here. I needed to know you were okay.”
“I did that.” She looks down at her hands. “And Haku saw.”
“Where is he now?”
She hesitates, then glances back at the castle in the sea. She’s not even sure he went there, though.
“It’s okay. It’s okay,” Keanu repeats soothingly, but his fingers grip her arm a little bit too hard as he studies the sky and a flash of lightning illuminates his face. He begins to tug her along. “We have to get out of the water. Come on.”
Feeling weak, she walks after him wading through the waves, the skirt of her dress heavy and weighing her down. He keeps pulling her along even once they’ve left the surf and her bare feet sink down slightly into the sand, but she stops and tries to slip her arm out of his hold. He releases her.
“Aren’t you… surprised?” She stares at him. “By what I did?”
He studies her as the wind blows strands of his dark hair across his eyes and forehead, that familiar unreadable look grazing his sharp, harsh features. “No,” he says eventually.
“Why not?”
“Because it’s you.”
The nameless girl. The Weeper of Pearls. The girl who shares a silent language with the sea, with water, and all its creatures.
Perhaps she shouldn’t even be surprised herself.
“Where have you been?” she asks after a silence.
There is a quick flash of an emotion in his eyes, a faint rendition of the hurt, wounded look he’d given her before she sent him away, which has been haunting her ever since.
“With the Kahalas,” he replies. “They found me wandering around town. They secretly took me in and I’ve been keeping a low profile ever since.”
He steps closer to her, so that she has to tilt her head back a bit to meet his gaze. “Can we talk?” he whispers.
She looks at him, seeing the rare vulnerability in his expression, the unusual softness in his body language.
All she does is nod.
They make their way up the hill without a word, fighting the storm as they climb, and Keanu takes in the ruined state of the restaurant in absolute silence, before following her up the stairs. She doesn’t look back at him to see his reaction at finding the apartment also partly destroyed, and she ignores the pearls she sees lying around on the floor, having spilled from either the sack or the box.
She brings him into her bedroom, the only room that has remained intact and untouched, and sinks down on the edge of her bed, shivering slightly in the wet skirt of her dress.
Sitting here, she tries to push away the memories of what happened in this room the last time, as well as the raw emotions stirring to life in her chest. She’s been trying and succeeding not to feel them for an entire week.
But it’s hard now that Keanu is standing across from her, in the middle of her room, his eyes solely on her.
“You wanted to talk,” she breaks the silence, her voice slightly hoarse, her eyes still burning with tears threatening to surface.
“I want you to know who I really am,” he says softly.
She swallows, folding her arms to hug herself for a bit of warmth. Or maybe it’s to brace herself. “Then who are you?”
“My name is really Keanu Alana.” He takes a breath. “As a child, I was… difficult. I often got into fights. There was a side of me, a violent side that I… could not suppress. My mother hated it. Said it was the one thing I should not have inherited from my father. She warned me. Tried to teach me to become a better person.
“I did not want to listen, and eventually my behavior managed to attract the attention of Madam Deep. I told you about her and her gang the last time…” He pauses, searching for words. “One night, her soldiers came and took me out of my house. My mother was screaming, begged for them to leave me alone. That is… the last time I saw her.”
Leilani sits up a bit straighter, though she doesn’t say anything—but she catches her heart aching for him and her body wanting to pull him close, to comfort him, because in this very moment he looks like a wild child instead of a wild man, lost and full of regrets.
“Madam Deep claimed me. I was nine years old at the time. She likes to recruit her soldiers young,” he goes on, his eyes on the floor, “In a way, I was brainwashed. I was taught violence and nothing else—”
“Violence?” Leilani can’t keep quiet anymore. “You were nine.”
His gaze is heavy and grave as he looks at her. “The first few years I was taught how to steal, mostly. But as I said, I was difficult; at first, I tried to run away. I rebelled, and every time I did, they locked me in a room for several days straight with no food, or they hit me until I could barely think straight. I quickly learned to obey.”
Leilani tries not to stare at the scars on his face. “Who are “they”? Who did that to you?” she whispers.
“The older children. Madam Deep’s soldiers.”
Leilani’s eyes widen and she has trouble keeping up with his story—it all sounds… insane. Impossible. “They do that to each other? Because that Madam Deep orders them to? She controls all of you?”
Keanu merely nods, a curt dip of his chin.
“So… none of those children were friends?”
“Friendships are… discouraged.” He allows a silence to settle between them, and somehow that says so much more than words could. Keanu hesitates and then glances into the corner of the room, but all Leilani finds are shadows. “There was one guy, though,” he murmurs. “He was older. He was like a brother to me. One of the few who wasn’t entirely brainwashed by Madam Deep. But he’s dead now,” he adds tonelessly.
Outside, the wind roars, and a flash of lightning briefly lights up the room.
Leilani struggles to come up with something to say. “I’m… sorry about that—”
“I’ve never had any real relationships. I wasn’t allowed to feel,” Keanu suddenly continues, his eyes distant, “none of us were. We’re meant to be soldiers. Puppets. I’ve been with some women, but… it was just physical. Nothing else. This, Leilani, you…” His gaze sharpens as he looks at her again. “I’ve never known this. I don’t even think I’ve ever talked with someone as much as I have with you. This connection, it’s… It is new for me.”
That raw, aching expression is back.
Leilani’s heart clenches and all of a sudden, she just wants him to stop this tale of darkness and pain, she doesn’t want to hear any more—and yet, the world he comes from, however far away from her, is as real as her own. Even if it’s difficult to listen to, she’s aware she does need to know more. Needs to at least try and understand it.
“This Madam Deep,” she begins faintly. “Who is that woman, really? How can she have such power—how can she lead an entire army of children?”
“It’s… more of a street gang,” Keanu says, his brow slightly furrowed as he seems to think of his answer. “I’ve been with the Deep for almost fifteen years, and to be honest, I still don’t know anything about Madam. I don’t know how she does it. Some say she has magical powers. And maybe she does. It’s like she… climbs inside your mind. Everything becomes blurry and distorted when she does, as if you’re under water. It’s how she makes you think things that aren’t truly your own thoughts. It’s how she feeds your emotions—all of your anger, she lets it grow until it just… consumes you.”
“Isn’t she human?” Leilani frowns.
“They do say she doesn’t age.”
Leilani tilts her head to the side. “You can’t tell?”
“No. She always wears a mask. A white mask, with red lips,” he says, sounding distant.
An ominous, cold sensation creeps up Leilani’s spine, but she tries to shake it off. “If she already has such power, why does she also want the Crown?”
Keanu chuckles humorlessly. “Those who have power, always long for more.”
She can’t help but think of the Twins. The new ways they come up with to torment the people. To fill their hearts with fear and despair.
“But what does she want?” she asks.
He wavers, casting his gaze down. “The night she ordered me to steal the Crown for her,” he begins, “she told me she wants to become the very first Queen of the Ocean… and rule all three Crown Islands.”
Growing still, Leilani listens to the rumbling thunderstorm for several seconds, almost too afraid to voice her question.
“Would she… be as bad as the Twins?”
Keanu looks at her. “Worse,” he answers gravely.
35
Worse.
Leilani tries to imagine a greater tyrant than the Twins, a more violent one, a hungrier one, but her mind soon conjures a shadowy monster instead of a masked woman, and it feels like a fantasy rather than a possible reality, a nightmare she’d rather not dream.
“Leilani.”
She’s startled out of her thoughts and focuses on Keanu. Hesitant, he steps closer to her bed and then kneels before her, so that he’s looking up at her instead of the other way around.
“Your letter from ten years ago,” he says, his voice sounding rough, “saved me. My mind. My life. Reading the letter from the child you were back then… it helped me remember. Who I used to be and who I was supposed to be. Not a soldier, not a puppet, but just a kid. I already felt… so old. But your letter… it made me realize that life was still worth living, that the world had to be a brighter place than I thought if there were souls out there like yours.”
She thinks of her round, swirly handwriting, her naïve words, her colorful drawings.
A weak smile pulls at her mouth, surprising herself. “My letter must’ve seemed so childish to you.”
He shakes his head, still kneeled before her. “It was the only bit of light in my life.”
Leilani’s lips part, though she doesn’t know what to say.
But as she looks at him, she realizes that the hurt and betrayal she felt before have grown faint. He was sent here to steal the Crown. He simply wanted to fulfill his mission in order to survive, because who knew what punishment would await him if he’d fail?
Is it really that strange that he wanted to use her to get closer to the Twins—in order to save his own life?
And yet, the thought still hurts that, at first, she was just a pawn.
“I’ve spent years fantasying about meeting you one day.”
“What?” she asks, shaken from her thoughts.
Keanu falters and then throws her a look that—it nearly seems impossible, and yet—is almost bashful. He then quickly averts his gaze, clenching his jaw.
Leilani feels both her face and heart soften.
“In your fantasies,” she begins gently, “what happened when we met?”
He hesitates.
“Nothing,” he says hoarsely.
“Nothing…?” she repeats.
“The older I got, the more crimes I committed,” he says, “and the more I began to doubt a girl like you would ever want to be with a man like me.”
Studying him, she grows perfectly still—and an ache starts to fill her chest as she recalls pushing him away that morning after they first kissed, then how she angrily told him to leave and stay away from her the last time.
That wounded look on his face… that emotion ran so much deeper than she could have known at the time. With her actions and words, she only confirmed his fears and insecurities.
Is she still mad at him? Does she still feel betrayed?
Can she still not stand the sight of him?
No, no.
And no.
Warmth seeps back into her heart that had felt so cold and closed-off during the past week, and the knots in her stomach ease and unravel.
“You were wrong, then,” she says quietly. “I do want to be with you.”
He grows absolutely motionless, staring at the floor before her feet, but then he lifts his head and even in the darkening shadows of the room she can see the spark of hope in his eyes. Then, it dims in a heartbeat as he shakes his head. “You don’t know half of what I’ve done.”
“It doesn’t matter.” She stretches out her hand toward him. “I only care about what you do from now on.”
Keanu holds her eye, searching her face.
She releases a silent sigh when he finally takes her hand and she feels his callused fingers wrap around hers, instantly remembering the touch of them on her skin, causing her stomach to flutter.
“Leilani…” He stops briefly to fold his other hand around hers as well, cradling hers between his, still on his knees before her. “Before, you asked me if I could defeat the Twins. If I could stop them.
“I promise you that I will try,” he says.
She stares back at him, speechless.
“Before,” he repeats, “you asked me to save you. To take you away.
“And I will. I swear that I will, no matter what. I will save you.”
Her eyes burn.
“I am so sorry about everything. I never… never wanted to hurt you. I should’ve told you the truth sooner—”
“I didn’t give you much of a chance—”
“I should’ve tried harder.” His thumbs brush the palms of her hands, then the insides of her wrists, and she barely suppresses a shiver. “And to make up for it, I wish I could tell you that I’d gladly forget all about the Crown… but I am still going to steal it.”
Leilani blinks. “You’re…?”
“To destroy the Twins,” he explains, “so I can take you away from this island and its goddamned people who don’t deserve you. Together, we’ll go far away. Beyond the Crown Islands. We’ll both become someone new. We’ll leave behind our old lives… and start a new one. Together,” he repeats, then falters. “If you want to.”
A new life.
Flashes of memories fill her mind, of sunny days in forests and near waterfalls, of underwater worlds where they could kiss and touch without anyone seeing them, of dark nights in rooms with closed curtains where they kissed and touched even more, of a soft bed where she lay in his arms and his heart was a steady rhythm under her ear, of shared meals and quiet conversation.
Her heart aches for it. For him. For all his words.
She can’t stop a sob from escaping, and tears fall from her eyes, but Keanu is already there, kissing them away before they can turn into pearls, his hands now cupping her cheeks.
Whoever tried to turn him into something cold and heartless has failed.
His touch is gentle and his voice is fragile when he whispers: “Can you forgive me?”
Taking a breath, she puts a hand to his chest and leans her forehead to his cheekbone. “No,” she says, and he stiffens immediately before she adds: “Because there is nothing to forgive you for.”
He leans back to look at her.
She blinks away another tear, allowing a faint smile to curve her lips—and then his are pressed against her smile, a soft brush, but the kiss grows deeper as soon as she pulls him closer and wraps her arms around his neck.
Pushing up higher onto his knees, he places his hands at her waist and squeezes when her tongue brushes against his, a deep moan emerging from the back of his throat.
And suddenly, it’s like the past week has never happened, as if they’re sent back to that night in her room when all she could think of was him and how she wanted more. And yet, on the other hand, she can feel the past few days like something physical, something you can touch and hold, because the truth and all she knows about him now makes this moment feel all the more real.
Back then, he was a stranger.
Now, he is…
“Keanu,” she whispers in between kisses, pushing him away gently before he can claim her mouth again. He looks at her, breathing hard, but grows completely still when she takes his face between her hands and caresses his cheeks, brushes his hair away from his eyes, traces his eyebrows with her fingertips, drinking in every single detail of his face.
He gazes back at her, leaning into her touch as she cups one of his cheeks, releasing a sigh that makes his shoulders sag as if he’s finally letting go of something heavy.
Despite all that he has told her, there is still so much she doesn’t know about him.
But she will learn.
She will discover all of him.
And as he’ll take her away from her life, she’ll take him away from his, and together they will find a world without violence and pain and terror, like a beautiful blue ocean where they can breathe freely.
Holding his eye, she lets her fingertips wander down, and then tugs his shirt up. He shrugs it off and settles his hands on her thighs, the warmth of his fingers seeping through the thin fabric of her dress, their clothes still soaked through from the ocean water. She leans forward and kisses him briefly before pulling away. He moves to press his lips back to hers, but she leans away instead, making him follow her, until she’s lying on her back and he has to climb onto the bed.
He crouches over her, his hands braced on either side of her, and leans in. Yet instead of kissing her, he first brushes away a wayward lock of hair from her face, then grazes his lips over her chin, her jaw, until she tangles her fingers in his hair and he finally crushes his mouth to hers.
The kisses grow wilder, and they begin to stray when his lips travel down to her neck, her collarbones, her throat, leaving a burning path in their wake. She feverishly runs her hands up and down his body, once more exploring his muscles, while he starts doing the same. This time, neither of them hesitates when he slips her out of her dress and then her underwear, kissing her until she’s trembling all over.
Lightning flashes illuminate the room as the storm draws closer, the rumble of thunder a deep growl in the sky, and yet all she truly sees is Keanu and all she truly hears is her own pounding heart and their shallow breaths. The final layers of clothes have been shed and everything looks soft in the shadows; she feels soft as she looks up at him and he down at her.
Nothing has ever felt this right before.
They don’t say a word. He doesn’t ask. It’s no longer needed and soon she has wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. He rocks his hips, and she gasps softly as she follows his lead, falling in the rhythm he sets for them; he, losing himself in the sea of her, she, losing herself in the waves of him. Bracing his forearms on both sides of her face, his muscles taut, he looks down at her, locking her gaze with his.
Breathless, she whispers his name.
His eyes grow stormier, and he buries his face in the nook between her neck and shoulder, groaning, his lips and teeth grazing her skin. Her left hand is clutched in his hair, while her right roams over his back, still haven’t had enough of exploring the hard muscles, but with a more powerful rock of his hips she finds herself nearly digging her nails between his shoulder blades, her head spinning with the sensation of him, on top of her, inside of her, everywhere. Closing her eyes, she holds on to him, her legs tightening around his waist until the waves settle down and the sea becomes still, leaving them to catch their breaths and for their heartbeats to slow.
Rain lashes at the window when they untangle and lie together, the sheets pulled over them to keep them warm, his thumb drawing lazy circles on her shoulder, her fingertips tracing the scar on his chest.
“Your scars,” she says softly, the first to break the silence. “How did you get them?”
Keanu stares up at the ceiling, and swallows. “They’re from fights. Madam Deep earns a lot of money with all that we steal for her, but also with illegal street fights. I’ve been doing them since I was about thirteen…” He cuts himself off and his thumb stills on her shoulder.
“It’s all right. You don’t have to tell me everything,” she whispers.
All he does is draw her closer and pull her into a lingering kiss, until once again the world is forgotten and all that exists is their own.

• • •

An echoing groan shakes Leilani awake.
Her eyes fly open and her gaze immediately falls on the window above the bed. The rainfall intensifies and the night darkens as a shadow travels over the land.
It’s just the whale. It must be midnight.
She heaves a sigh and wants to snuggle closer to Keanu’s warmth, relishing the feeling of his arm draped around her waist, holding her close—but it’s only then that she notices the tension in his muscles.
Right before a deafening bang shudders through the building.
It sounds… as if the restaurant’s doors are forced open.
Heavy footsteps rush inside.
Leilani’s breath catches in her throat and once again she stares out the window, then at the open curtains, and finally, she sees the telltale deep-blue glow illuminating the night.
A jellyfish floats in front of the window.
It hovers and doesn’t move away.
As if watching them.
“No,” she whispers.
36
“Quick,” Keanu hisses, bolting upright and dragging her with him. “Get dressed.”
He yanks the curtains closed, but the sea creature keeps hovering in front of the window. Leilani’s pulse is racing as she hastily slips her clothes back on. Keanu doesn’t bother with his shoes and leaves them, grabbing her hand and pulling her out of the room.
“If the coast is clear,” he rushes out, leading her in the direction of Han’s room, “we’ll climb out the window and—”
“There!” barks a voice.
Leilani and Keanu slam to a halt. Her eyes widen when she sees the guards barging up the stairs, blocking their path, and Keanu moves in front of her. She stumbles back when the first guard rushes up to them and Keanu lashes out lightning-fast—she can barely register it, his fist a blur as it slams into the guard’s jaw. The man rears back, but then a second guard already attacks, roaring, and Keanu throws up his arm, warding him off.
But this guard is faster and his other fist slams into his ribs. Keanu groans, then retaliates. A third guard steps in. Leilani can’t tear her gaze away from it all.
And only realizes that the final two guards have hurried past the fight when they roughly grab her arms and start dragging her to the stairs. “No!” she screams, struggling, but they’re too strong and she stumbles over her feet until they’re practically carrying her, pulling her down the steps.
“Leilani—?!”
Keanu’s shout ends in a muffled groan and she wants to twist around and see what is happening, but they’ve already reached the bottom of the steps, and the guards start dragging her through the ruins of the restaurant, out the door, down the porch steps, until she’s brought to a halt at the top of the hill, where the wind yanks at her hair and the giant shadow of the cursed whale hovers above her head in the sky.
The sounds of a struggle come closer and then Keanu is beside her, barely held in check by three guards—the first one has recovered, though his jaw already looks slightly swollen.
But even Keanu grows still when two jellyfish, pulsing blue, drift over to them. Leilani rears back when the thin, long tentacles of the one closest to her reach for her, but the guards hold her in place and only let go once the jellyfish has bound her in place, her arms pressed to her sides and forced onto her knees.
Boots crunch on the gravel.
Leilani stops breathing when she looks up at the Twins now standing before her and Keanu. The wind tugs at Haku’s wild hair and open coat, but Akamai looks as immaculate as always, his hair pulled back into a tight bun and his coat buttoned up all the way to his chin.
And yet… he doesn’t seem entirely himself. His posture isn’t as straight as Leilani is used to. He looks tired. Older, even. There are shadows under his eyes and prominent lines have appeared around his mouth.
Her gaze flickers over to Haku. He came to visit her alone today. He was so desperate for more pearls.
Is Akamai somehow… unwell?
Is it related to the pearls, and the amount of them they claim?
Haku is wearing the Crown and it casts a long, spiky shadow on the ground. He shifts his stance, stands up taller, but it’s Akamai who speaks, his eyes focused on Keanu: “How dare you… touch our Bride?”
“She’s not yours at all,” he spits back.
“You’re wrong about that, Mr. Alana,” Akamai replies coldly. “Very wrong.”
“Go to hell,” Keanu hisses.
“I wouldn’t challenge us, if I were you.” Akamai raises his chin. “You’ve already crossed the line. You took our Bride, while we have already claimed her years ago. She is ours.” His eyes slide over to Leilani and she stiffens. “My, my, Leilani… how easy you are with men. Pray tell, why do you insist to play so hard to get with my brother and I?”
“Because you don’t deserve her,” Keanu says, low.
Akamai frowns, while Haku’s face darkens in annoyance. “I’ve had enough of this,” he says.
“Go ahead,” Akamai replies nonchalantly, trying—and failing—to cover up his wince when he steps back by folding his hands behind his back, “my King.”
Haku moves forward—and the blade of his knife flashes dully in the night. Fear slams into Leilani’s chest, but before she can say anything, before she can even think a thought, Haku has already grabbed Keanu’s hair and yanked his head back, exposing his throat.
“You should have learned from Jin, Leilani,” Akamai murmurs. “See what happens to any man you allow to touch you?”
Keanu holds himself perfectly still as Haku slowly presses his knife against Keanu’s throat.
“No—” The words rush from her mouth: “No, stop, please don’t—”
“It’s too late, Leilani,” says Akamai.
“No, please—”
Keanu sets his jaw, keeps his eyes trained on Haku.
The muscles in Haku’s forearm flex as he tightens his hold on his knife, about to draw back in a slicing motion—
“I’ll be your Bride!”
Akamai’s head shoots up and then his hand shoots out, coming to a rest on his brother’s shoulder. Haku has frozen and whips his head to the side to stare at Leilani.
Keanu looks at her from the corners of his eyes, all tightness gone from his face.
“If you’ll let Keanu live—and only then…” Leilani tries to swallow, but her pounding heart is in the way. It’s almost as if it tries to keep her from speaking at all, but still she forces the words out: “I’ll marry you.”
37
“No,” Keanu protests, hoarse. “Leilani, don’t. Leilani—”
“I’ll become your wife,” she says, louder now, holding the Twins’ gazes and forcing herself not to glance at Keanu.
Akamai’s hand tightens on his brother’s shoulder, and Haku throws him a look. A silence stretches out in which Leilani hears the wind swelling and roaring, the jellyfish dripping, Keanu hissing her name once again. The guards standing behind them remain quiet, and even the Twins don’t say a word, as if they’re having an entire conversation solely by looking at each other.
Then, Akamai’s head dips in a slight nod.
Haku pulls back his knife. Releases Keanu’s hair. And steps back.
“How delightful, Leilani.” Akamai smiles tensely at her. “I’m sorry it took you so long to come to this decision. However, I am glad you’ve finally seen reason.”
He makes a gesture with his hand, and Leilani immediately feels the hold of the jellyfish loosen, until its tentacles slide away and the creature drifts back. Still Leilani remains sitting on her knees, not quite daring to move.
Next to her, Keanu is still bound.
“Let him go, too.” She swallows with effort. “Please.”
“In a moment. Rise, my Bride.” Akamai grabs her elbow and pulls her up. He doesn’t let go, his fingers tightening around her arm. “I need you to step away and come with us. We can’t risk Mr. Alana… defiling you any more than he has already done.”
Leilani’s eyes begin to burn, but she pushes back the tears, tries to shove down her emotions. “Where to?” she asks.
Haku smirks… and there is a heavy, sloshing sound as in the distance, behind his back, the sea begins to move.
To the left and to the right.
The ocean splits and churns, shaping a tunnel of water that runs straight through the sea, clearing a path that without a doubt reaches to a castle veiled in mist.
Leilani’s pulse roars in her ears.
“Come now,” Akamai murmurs, pulling on her arm.
She takes a step forward.
“Leilani.” Keanu’s voice is rough, and she can’t decide whether he sounds angry or pleading. “Don’t do this—”
He cuts himself off when she turns to him, forcing a faint smile onto her lips that soon turns genuine and soft when she takes in his face, recalling the feel of his jaw, his cheekbones, his eyebrows beneath her fingertips. “Remember me,” she says, “and live that life you spoke of. Leave your past behind. And live for a world where there are souls like mine—and yours,” she adds.
Because, no matter what he thinks, he is beautiful.
To her, he is.
She reaches to caress his face one last time, one final loving touch—
Haku grabs her wrist, and twists her around.
A sob threatens to tear out of her throat, but Leilani bites it back and instead turns to Akamai to her right. “Let him go—”
“As soon as we’re at a safe distance, my love,” he drawls, linking his arm with hers. Haku does the same, and the three of them start descending the hill. Leilani tries to look back, one last time, but the jellyfish that bound her in place earlier is right behind them now, blocking her view.
The wind swells and rain is blown into her face when they reach and cross the beach, passing underneath the swaying leaves of the palm trees, to the water where the tunnel is churning, waves crashing against its liquid walls.
Once again, she tries to turn around for a final glimpse of Keanu.
Akamai merely clicks his tongue, and Haku tugs on her arm.
They’ll allow him to live—they won’t give her any more than that.
They step into the tunnel.
The roar of the storm and even the stretched out, deep moans of the whale in the sky all quiet down, and all she hears now is the sloshing noises of the water tunnel and the tap tap of the dripping jellyfish, whose blue glow illuminates their path from behind them as it rises higher into the air.
Leilani tries to draw in a deep breath.
All she manages is a shallow inhale as panic stirs in her chest, as she starts to realize, truly, what she has just done—
A motion to her right makes her look up. It’s not Akamai; he strides on beside her, his arm still tightly linked with hers as if she’s a prize he desperately wants to take home.
It’s… the sea.
Something stirs in the liquid wall of water, a shadow, the shape of a human, the silhouette of… a man.
A whisper reaches her ear, sounding hoarse, ghostly:
Be strong.
Her lips part. She stares at the shadow.
Be strong, repeats the voice, and trust the sea.
She blinks and the man is gone, and she quickly looks at Akamai, then at Haku, but they keep their gazes trained straight ahead and their steps don’t even falter.
They didn’t hear it.
Did she?
She starts to doubt her eyes and her ears when she looks ahead again, and catches a glimpse of the castle at the very end of the tunnel as a flash of lightning illuminates its shape. She doesn’t want to get closer to it. She doesn’t want to find out what the castle, always hidden by fog, truly looks like.
All she wants is to turn around and run.
Back to Keanu.
But to keep him alive, to keep him breathing, to give him a new chance, she can’t. And so, with every step, she’s one step closer to the castle. One step closer to her cursed destiny. One step closer to becoming the Bride.
With every step, she’s a thousand steps away from her wild stranger from the sea.
Epilogue
His breaths are heavy.
Keanu clenches his fists at his side, shaking all over, unable to catch his breath as he peers into the distance, his eyes locked on the castle half-hidden by swirls of mist, nothing but a silhouette as lightning forks through the sky.
The moment he saw Leilani enter the tunnel of water with the Twins, the sea creature had finally released him. The guards didn’t stop him as he began to ran, his bare feet slipping in the mud and rain puddles. He ran as fast as he had ever done, his gaze fixed on Leilani’s retreating figure, looking so small walking between the men.
He ran and ran, his strides long and hurried, silently wishing for her to suddenly summon whatever powers she used today that resulted in the great wave that came crashing down onto the town, startling people out of their homes and stores.
But she didn’t do anything.
Didn’t even try to fight.
All to save him.
This was never the plan. Never. He’s not the kind of person who should be protected by a girl like her; sweet, vulnerable, pure. He doesn’t deserve it. It should be the other way around, him sacrificing himself for her, so that the rotten life he has lived up until now will finally serve for something good.
It never works that way, does it?
He ran and ran, but the instant he reached the beach, the tunnel began to collapse behind Leilani and the Twins, and was quickly swallowed by frothing waves that reached for the clouds.
And now he’s standing here, the surf repeatedly retreating and then lapping over his feet and ankles, and he’s staring at the water and at the castle. But it’s too distant for him to make out anything.
He can’t stop shaking.
With the all too familiar rage boiling in his veins.
The peacefulness he experienced tonight is gone, when he held her in his arms as his pulse slowly settled down, her body soft against his, her skin smooth underneath his fingertips; no, not a damn shred of that lazy, gentle mood is left, and he’s back to the person he’s always been, feeling wild and restless.
Dragging a hand through his hair, he paces to the left, needing to move, to do something, anything—
He stills when his foot hits something. Something hard and smooth.
A bottle, washed ashore.
An eerie sensation of déjà vu washes over him and for a couple of moments he can’t do anything but stare at it, his hands growing cold, his inhalations shallow, his throat dry.
He picks it up. Removes the cork. Tugs out the letter that is tucked inside. His heartbeat quickens as he rolls it out, unraveling the words written in a familiar, swirly scrawl.

“King,

Ten years ago, I asked you to save this town and the people from the reign of the Twins. You ignored me then. Three years ago, I begged you to do so again.
Now I am writing to you once more. And this time, I am not begging for anything. I am done begging.
I need you to come here.
I feel lonely. I feel cold. I feel scared.
Maybe you think I’m weak for saying this.
But I just need you to come here, to leave the sea, and…
And save me.”

Keanu slowly, slowly lets his eyes wander down and his stomach tightens when he finds the name signed at the bottom.
“Leilani,” he breathes.
His gaze sweeps up again, snagging on the words: I feel lonely. I feel cold. I feel scared.
She wrote this the night before he arrived here.
Lonely. Cold. Scared.
The thought that she ever felt that way—it feels like a stab to his chest and it makes him tighten his hold on the letter, crumpling the edges.
For years, the idea of her had given him hope.
And all the while, she had felt like this.
Once more, he reads the letter, the third and last, the one she’d mentioned to him. And, once again… He looks up, barely able to feel surprised. Once again, the sea has brought her message to him.
Whatever connection she has to the ocean, it always links the two of them together. And whatever the reason is, he doesn’t care.
All he knows is that he will listen to and answer her pleas.
He will be her King of the Ocean.
He will come and save her.
Even if it means he has to dive back into the darkest depths of the sea he was about to escape from.





End of book 1
To be continued in book 2: The Waves of Him
Did you enjoy this book?
Thank you for reading The Sea of Her! I hope that the start of Leilani’s and Keanu’s story has managed to capture your heart, and that you’re looking forward to the continuation of their tale! This is only the beginning…

If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review on Goodreads, BookBub, or your favorite retailer! Reviews are the most important things for authors, as they can help new readers find out whether a book is for them.

Thank you so much; you rule :)

Warm wishes,
Lynn

The Waves of Him
(The Sea of Her — book 2)
To save Keanu’s life, Leilani has sacrificed herself and agreed to become the Bride.

As the Twins take her to their castle in the ocean, Leilani soon discovers truths and secrets about both the brothers and herself which she never imagined.

When the Twins announce that the wedding will take place in two days, Keanu gives in to his raging anger and slips back into his dark past in order to be the savior he promised Leilani he’d be—while receiving unexpected help from a mysterious force in the ocean.

But perhaps Leilani can be a hero herself, as the powers of the sea grow stronger in her veins.

The waves are rising.
The ocean is awakening.

It seems that not only Leilani’s letters bind her and Keanu’s destiny together.

So do the Twins.
And so does the Crown.


Coming Soon: August 24th, 2021
Find your purchase link here
About Lynn Robin
Lynn Robin (1992) is an author of Paranormal Romance Dark Fantasy novels.

Born and raised in the historical city of Leiden in the Netherlands, she has felt the urge to write stories ever since she was little— preferably ones with ghosts and other spooky things (probably because her parents let her watch Stephen King film adaptions when she was nine).

Next to that, she likes to add a healthy dose of romance to her books; star-crossed lovers and forbidden romances, preferably about monsters hiding in the bodies of young men, and girls blessed with angelic powers—or at least humans touched by magical abilities.

She made her debut in 2017 with her Dutch series entitled the Schimmenwereld Serie (the Phantom World series), containing six books about ghosts, angels, demons, music, dance, art, and—of course—love. She won the Best Book of 2018 award with the fourth installment, Schimmendroom (Phantom Dream), chosen by the jury of The Dutch Indie Awards.

In 2019 she debuted internationally in English with the Insomnia Saga. In 2020 and 2021, she published the highly romantic Kissing Monsters series. The Sea of Her is her newest series.

Besides being passionate about writing, she’s also a rather dedicated running/fitness/yoga/martial arts enthusiast, and likes to spend time with her family, play videogames, or freak herself out watching documentaries about haunted houses (for research, she claims).

Visit her at:
www.lynnrobin.com
Connect with Lynn Robin
Would you like to stay on top of future book releases, and are you interested in regular updates and looks behind the scenes? Then please subscribe to Lynn’s blog!

lynnrobin.com/lynns-blog

You can also follow her on:

Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Goodreads
BookBub
Books by Lynn Robin
— THE SEA OF HER SERIES —
The Sea of Her (The Sea of Her 1)
The Waves of Him (The Sea of Her 2 / coming soon)

— KISSING MONSTERS SERIES —
Kissing Monsters (Kissing Monsters 1)
Kissing Shadows (Kissing Monsters 2)
Kissing Scarlet (Kissing Monsters 3)
Kissing Ghosts (Kissing Monsters 4)
Kissing Nightmares (Kissing Monsters 5)
Kissing Flames (Kissing Monsters 6)
Kissing Secrets (Kissing Monsters 7)
Kissing Passion (Kissing Monsters 8)

Kissing Monsters Collection #1 (books 1 to 4)
Kissing Monsters Collection #2 (books 5 to 8)

— INSOMNIA SAGA —
The Insomnia Files: #1 Jodi Collins (Insomnia Saga 0.5)
INSOMNIA (Insomnia Saga 1)
The Insomnia Files (Insomnia Saga 1.5)
NOCTURNE (Insomnia Saga 2)
The Nocturne Files (Insomnia Saga 2.5)
ORIGINS (Insomnia Saga 3)
The Origins Files (Insomnia Saga 3.5)
