


					






 “The Black and White Knight - Part 1”



By:  Honey Myers

A Novel of Life, Love and Justice.



Book 1 of The Elleghane Saga






Smashwords 6th Edition



Copyright 2011 R. A. and H.W.  Honey

Dedication
This book is dedicated to all the decent caring men and women that work in every  public safety agency in The United States of America and throughout the world.  
Thank you for making this world of ours a safer place.

+++++

This is a work of historical fiction.  Literary license notwithstanding, we have attempted to maintain the overall historical accuracy as much as possible.  In general:  besides those referenced in the Historical Persona and Historical Notes; names, characters, places and incidents contained herein are the product of the authors' imaginations or are used by in large fictitiously; and, resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, circumstances, events and/or locales may be entirely coincidental.

+++++

Dear Reader,
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment.  We would like the whole world to join The Family Elleghane where love and justice prevail.  We appreciate you purchasing the eBooks for your own use; and, thank you for respecting our earnest efforts by doing so. Coupons, updates and sneak peeks can be found on fB at HoneyMyersBooks and soon at HoneyMyers.com.
While all due care has been taken in the preparation of this book, the authors and publishers are not responsible for any errors or omissions.  However, any and all errors or omissions that are found will be rectified as soon as possible.
Thank You & Welcome to The Elleghane Saga,
The Authors

+++++

Cover Print Format by Rebecca Ann Honey
Cover Background Layout by Michelle Lee Designs 
Table of Contents
In this book you will find the brave men and magical women of The Elleghane Saga.  They strive to preserve the best principles of humanity for us all, throughout all time.

Prologue
 A Dance in the Darks
 Little Miss Trouble
 The Twins
 Man of Mystery
 Ghost 
 Pages 
 Spy
 And Then There Were Two...
 Back From The Dying
 Revelation 
 Missions
 Reconnoiter and Recollection 
 Breaking Fast
 A Visitor of a Different Stripe
 The Covenant
 Intrigue
 Love Promised
 Legacy
 Dreams
 Over The edge
 Hope Returns
 Edinburgh
 Family
Epilogue
About The Elleghane Saga
Connect with Honey Myers
Preview 
Historical Persona
Major Persona
Minor Persona
Ancestral Persona 
Creatures
Historical Notes

+++++

The Black and White Knight - Part 1
Prologue
The Borders of Scotland  1134 AD  

“Heatherlyn, it will frost soon and we have to finish gathering the winter's supply of plants and herbs for our medicines.”

“I know Enarrah, I know, it's been on my mind to go do just that, but this constant rain makes the task a miserable outing at best, the rain should let up in the a few days time.”

“I'm not complaining dear friend, we've all been busy preparing for the winter, you as Stewardess in particular.  I have real concern that I may run out of the medicines I need, and even though it seems slow, I think Sir William's health is improving.”

“To my way of thinking Sir William will find his legs again in his own good time, but I'll not take away from the help that your tonics have been to him. We will get the gathering done dear lady.”

Walking away Enarrah thinks, “Yes...we...will.”

+++++ 

Luke Wynnewood sat in the arched hall by a huge oak door and heard the ever so soft footfalls approach.  He could now see that his guide was  none other than Lord Damien. His ramrod back and cold eyes exuded an aura of menace and it clung to him like the stench of decay.
The words spat out like venom, “Come with me Knight”.

Silence.
Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco stood and looked down into the whirlpool dark eyes of the speaker and saw there arrogance and worse, malevolence.
This was the first hostility toward him since arriving at Edinburgh Castle, but not his first ever.  No matter, his keen senses in mind and body had become a second nature to him.  Fine honed, he now embraced his gifts of insight, called upon them and trusted them.
While rising from the bench outside the main chapel he let his left hand drop to the top of his longsword scabbard.  Two inches of moon grey steel glinted in the brazier light by the time he had stood fully erect.
“Lord Damien, how may I be of service to the King’s Advisor.”
“Then you know me.”
“Let us say I have heard about you.”
“You will follow me to the King’s chamber for your audience.”
“Young Kendall, Sir Erlich’s Page was to be my escort, we had matters of chivalry to discuss.  Where might he be ?”
“Chivalry indeed...  He is occupied elsewhere performing other duties, I trust you will have no complaints that a lord leads you instead of a mere page.  Now come, the King suffers no slackers.” 

 It was then that Damien noticed the sword and stared at it.  “I see you don’t trust me, you would draw your weapon upon a defenseless old man ?”
Wynnewood made a show of following the man’s gaze, and watched his pale complexion turn worse and a hint of fear shown in those furtive eyes.  Well and good.
“Oh, you mean this,” Luke said, gesturing with his sword arm toward his scabbard “This is a habit knights and warriors pick up early on, and never loose.  Every time we change body position we check that our sword will clear the scabbard.  Quite routine.”
“Oh... oh...” Damian stammered, now mollified and regaining his aloof composure, “Thank you for the explanation, now we must go.”
“As you say.”
Arrogance seemed to fill Damien, his posture reflected he had been slighted and worse, snubbed.  It wasn’t snobbery, it was caution.  Luke had no desire to be caught up in Damien’s games.  His type were the ne’er-do-wells who clung to the coattails of  power to advance their own personal plans.
Soon they arrived at the designated entryway, Luke stood with calm indifference and waited for the next verbal jab from the little man.  It wasn’t long in coming.
	
A gnarled hand swung through the air and one bony finger pointed straight at Luke. “Who are you and what do you want here?” demanded Damien.

The door opened, “The King will see you now Sir Knight.”
Damien looked away and the accusing hand retreated into the folds of his robes.
As Luke stepped through the portal, it closed and he locked eyes with Damien’s malicious glare.  An old adage came to mind, 'The goodness of a man can be measured by the number of his enemies'. 

This King had a long list of enemies, men who wanted not just coin; they wanted kingdoms, and used evil savagery to get them.

+++++

“Heart of my heart, will the Protectress arrive soon.”

“Yes, Mighty One, soon.”

“Time grows short and the balance of all things will be in peril.”

“O Great Winged One, across the eons all has been foretold and I will welcome the grand-daughter of Alicia the Kind.  She will bring with her a warrior of the ages, this time he will come from The Lothian and upon their arrival together all will be made right.”

+++++

In the king's private chamber torches and braziers were lit all about and fine rugs covered  the stone floor.   Tapestries depicting great battles hung on the walls from a vaulted ceiling.  Predominate was an immense horseshoe shaped desk-work table behind which, in a high-backed chair, sat the king. He was a striking visage, calm and collected with all the goings-on in his court and his country.  His relaxed persona belied the fighter in him.
Luke watched the king lay parchment atop a stack on his desk.
“Step forward.”

“By your command King David, I am here,” Luke said as he bent to one knee.

“You are indeed, Wynnewood, rise up and stand easy.  How do you find life here at Our court?”
“Fine Sire, comfortable and peaceful in some ways.”

“Peaceful is it, compared to the tumult of Crusade We can well imagine that it is.  In this case however all is not what it seems.  You have freely given your fealty to the Crown.  You bring  honor and decency with you, two things which this country is in need of.”
“Thank you Sire for giving me a country to call my home.”
            
“Black and White Knight, We are the envy of every civilized kingdom.  The Saracens openly regret they could not convert you from Christianity during your stay with them. This surprises Us not in the least.”

“Your Highness, there are good and decent men everywhere. They gravitate to those like themselves, to advance the tenets of  freedom and justice.”

“We know the truth of that, hence your summons.  There is a mission for you, Sir Luke, a quest.”
“You have only to ask it of me, your Highness.”
“Hmmm, perhaps...  You have been with Us this short time and it may be that you would prefer to remain longer.  Be that as it may, both Myself and the Queen find you more restless of late.  Your socialization has been desultory with Our Knights, and rare with the ladies of the court, who act quite disappointed I might add.  You have arrived here in the wake of a great tumult.  Continents and ideologies clash throughout the world, you and those like you are needed now more than any other time in our history.

A myriad of thoughts went through Luke’s mind, and heart.
Ahhh, I see you know of what I speak.”

“Yes Your Majesty, in light of my recent travels, I do.”

“Travels  indeed!  Legendary feats so say monarchs. We have accounts concerning your chivalry and dedication to the Code of Honor from knights who were there at the same battles in Jerusalem.  Each one holds you in the highest esteem for your courage and fairness.  The lay-crowd however are fond of bandying about the notion you are a conjuration of war, emerged from a mist, a Ghost shrouded in mystery and therefore to be suspect.  The crux of the matter is that these are difficult times in which we live, the old ways of the Earth Mother are fading and fewer heroes now walk these hallowed halls.”
Luke bowed his head and said, “I am here Majesty, in flesh and blood, at your service. The lands of my fathers’ are either forfeit or are under control of my brothers.”

“We had not heard about the forfeit of Lamasco Lands, but it is possible.  Discontent and  political intrigue are rife across the Continent.  In any case,  your being here at this particular time works to Our advantage.  With gratitude We accept your fealty and your sword.  A place will be found for you upon these isles with lands to call your own.  Rewarding good men gives Us great satisfaction.  There is something We wish to be found.  The elements surrounding its’ existence are like you,  adrift in a sea of mystery.  It must be located and secured without delay.  There are sinister forces aligned against Us who would use this artifact and what it represents to usurp the throne, assassinate The Royal Family and institute draconian rule.”

Luke Wynnewood liked this man and the liking came from the concern King David had for his family and his people. His title The Saint was given, but it was also earned.  He had done much in his reign to staunch poverty and make the country a better place, and so had the Queen.
“Be not quick to answer until you have heard what it is that you must do.  There is no doubt the journey you make will be twisted and dangerous.” The King wrote on a small piece of parchment and handed it to Luke.  “Read this, say nothing and hand it back.”
The paper was offered, upon its’ return the king went to a brazier and threw the parchment into the flames.
Solemnly Luke said “Can this be true?”
“Our enemies believe that it is.  Therefore, if there is a chance, We must as well.”
Sir Luke stood thinking for a few moments.  It seemed as if he were deciding to accept the quest or not, his true thoughts were already miles ahead on the paths he must travel, and where they might lead.
“I do accept Majesty and am thankful for Your confidence.”
	
“Good!  If anyone can do this thing, it is you.  We know of your talents in addition to the warrior in you, they will be useful.  The only clue to its’ location is that it is to the west, which is fortuitous because you may find an additional reward for your efforts in that direction. There was a shipment of two score casks of supplies 'lost' at sea. You will know if you find them, for they are unique.
		
“Then west I will go.  Do you require periodic reports?”
	
“I do not.  Spies and schemers are all about.  When you have learned the truth, report to The Crown. Keep your own colors, the wearing of mine would serve to bring unwanted notice.”
	 
“There are, unfortunately, many knights wandering the land looking for hearth and home.  It will seem to others that this is the reason for your journey.  It is a personal quest by the Queen to remedy this situation but societal change is oft times slow.  Let us be clear.  If for any reason you need to invoke the name of The King, do so with conviction.  I will be ever there at your back my friend, as long as I still draw breath, and in My stead, The Queen as well.”
“As you command Your Majesty, I will leave straight away.”
	
“So soon, eh?  To be better at it quick, to have it done; very well.”  
“This will take care of the costs of your journey,” the King said as he handed Luke a purse. Our steward has been notified, see him for whatever provisions you may require...”
“Then by your leave, Your Highness.”
	
Before he could turn to go the King said, “A word Sir Luke, before you depart.  Pray tell, what is the one thing that tells best, or worst, of these Crusades.”
	
For several minutes the king stood as Luke looked around in the great chamber;  the blood and carnage of war depicted on the tapestries hung on every wall.  His gaze rose higher until he looked at the tall windows beneath the massive timbers of the roof.  Night had fallen and he could see stars in the heavens shown against the dark sky.

“Sire, I will tell you a thing.  There is no greater enemy to be faced than one who fights for freedom in his own land.”  Silence filled the chamber.

“We were told you were wise beyond your years,  now We know to what extent.  Sad, young knight, that all the statesmen, emissaries and ambassadors with their thousands of words could not know insight into these terrible Crusades as you do.”

Replacing a sad tone, the king admonished:   “Now be off with you Sir Knight!  You have a long road and the night wanes.  God speed and return  safely Sir Luke.  We would have it no other way.”

Bowing, Luke made for the great oaken door.  A courtier waited in the antechamber to guide him where he wished to go; “the knight’s bailey,” he said; thinking how Shahjeen would soon be himself again.
Little did Luke know that even at that moment seeds of mistrust were being sown by a jealous and vindictive man.

+++++

As the king sat down and pondered the words from the remarkable knight that had so impressed, and in truth, awed him; his mind was filled with knowing the worth of such decency and caring in this one man, and others like him, and what good it boded for the kingdom and indeed the world.
He was rudely interrupted.
“Majesty” (loud whisper).
Ignored.
“Majesty” (louder insistent whisper).
Ignored.  (surely he would not a third time...)
“You Highness, please, I beg you?” (a dog whining for a bone)
After a few moments:  “What is it?” (calm, composed, no inflection)
The man stepped from the shadows from the far side of the room and approached the king, now sitting nonchalantly, parchment in hand.
“Your Majesty, I was waiting in the adjoining map room to discuss other matters with you but the door to your chamber was ajar and I could not help but hear that you have placed some important task upon this upstart of a man who claims knighthood.  I beseech you Great King, do not do this thing, we know nothing of this man’s time before he came here, it is not even proven that he is a knight.”
“Go on Damien.” (calm, composed)
“Is it perhaps ill-advised to entrust a matter of such seeming importance to a mere pup, one known to be so indiscriminate as to disregard life.  Would it not be of greater benefit to entrust a much older more experienced knight or lordship with such a quest?”
There it was, the one word he had hoped not to hear. Damien had listened to everything. Thank heavens he had remembered the parchment passing; he had seen his brothers, the previous kings, use it often enough.
The man they call The Saint sat reining in his building anger. He waited some minutes and busied himself with ink and parchment before he cut through the pile of stinking garbage that this devious little underling had been spewing forth, and said;
“Ah,  what was it... oh yes, you were questioning the actions of your King, did We get that correctly?”
Damien blanched even whiter than his pale pasty complexion already was and he stood with his chin on his chest in supplication.
“Yes we see that We did get that correctly.”  (calm, matter-of-fact)
“Damien, you have been a fixture here for some years, even unto my brother’s reign before me.  Do not ever mistake me for him.  Since you have not seemed to take sufficient notice previous to this point in time let me make this clear; when your advice is wanted it will be asked for, until then do not give it.
And; if for any reason you ever again ‘accidentally’  listen to any of Our private audiences, the dungeon will be your permanent residence. Do you understand?”

(muffled apologies, deep bowing, simpering tone) “Yes Your Majesty, yes Your Highness ...”
“Now, get --- out --- of --- my --- sight.”

+++++

If Luke had known of Damien’s evil machinations, it would have troubled  him little... In his purview, Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco would have dealt with such a man in the same way he had dealt with other such conniving men who had tried to force their evil tragedies upon the unsuspecting.
Justice was his purpose, he had known it from the first moment when he had seen its’ precepts trampled upon.
	
Justice: a demanding mistress, she breached no fools and wavered not one single stripe; she was harder than the hardest steel and, he was hers’, body and soul; so be it...  the heart and spirit of Lamasco the Ghost would not waiver.
Or so he believed …

  
A Dance in The Darks

The rain had stopped, yellow and orange rays shone under an overcast clouded sky as the sun was going lower.  She knew she wasn’t supposed to be here, she knew for certain she wasn’t supposed to be here.  She only needed a precious little time.  
If she had asked for guards they wouldn’t have let her leave, and she had to be here. As soon as she saw the rain stop and the sun peak through she grabbed her two helpers and hurried out.  She was old enough, she could take care of herself... she ran the daily routines of the castle nearly single-handed, didn’t she... She is the Mistress of Strathenham and she had made her decision. 
They needed to gather enough herbs to last through the winter, and there wasn't nearly enough; it was well into the fall season and so here she was in The Darks, gathering them.  She had done the gathering dozens of times before, it would be alright... she hoped it would be alright.
It wasn’t the most inviting of places even in broad daylight but now dusk was growing closer and she could feel the dread of the place. But she also knew of no other place this late in the season where she could get the quantity and variety of plants that were needed.
They simply called it The Darks, not the dark woods or the dark place,  just The Darks.  It was a superstitious place and she wasn’t inside of it really, just on the fringe. It intrigued her though she didn’t know why, maybe because it was a place full of strange feelings.   Despite all the self-assurances, the real truth of it was that her inner feelings told her this was not a safe place.
All manner of stories and myths were told of it:  that wandering lost spirits traveled and lived here, that huge black wolves ruled here as their domain,  that sunlight could not penetrate the thick canopy even on the brightest of summer days; and, that all manner of sorrowful moans and voices could be heard here in the middle of the night.  She pushed these thoughts away.
She had her two housemaids, Elsbeth and Mairi with her and they were gathering all the herbs they could.  Just a few more...just a few more. Feelings of uneasiness began to come over her, premonitions had been coming more frequently and at the oddest times.  Her grandmother had said that they would do this as she grew more into womanhood.
Her mind wandered back to her youth. Continuing to pick the plants, her grandmother Alicia’s voice came back to her...
“You will have the sight, you may sense when things are going to happen, you will know the evil of men. Keep these things close to yourself, speak of it to no one.  As time passes you will know when it is right to use your abilities.  You will know, and the good of a  hundred ages of time will guide you.”

She could hear the soft lilt of her grandmother’s voice even though the sweet lady had been gone for these many years. Her mind was brought back to the present as Elsbeth’s muffled scream reached her conscious mind.
On bended knee she lifted her head to peer through the bushes and to her horror saw Elsbeth struggling on the ground with a large and ugly man.
Several of his dirty companions were looking on and she heard an unknown accent  order the others;  “...to have their fun over with on get on with the work at hand.”

She ducked back down just as one of the men turned to look her way. She stifled a scream. She didn’t know where Mairi was but prayed the girl had hidden herself.
All of her senses became acute. Her nerves felt as if they were stretched to the breaking point. She could sense their terrible evil intent. It chilled her to the bone. Footsteps crushed through the brush, she had been seen... She felt the fingers of fear close around her heart. Her skin went pale and she began to tremble. She had seen the aftermath of women who were forced, the damage was unforgettable, usually permanent and oft times fatal.
“Here’s another wench, can’t be the one we was sent for, we can have us some more sport.” A gruff voice croaked in her ear.
A big hand grabbed her shoulder and then it was gone; and a splash of hot wetness hit her cheek and neck. There was a half a grunt of pain and out of the corner of her eye she saw the terrible brute fall. He had no hand. She dared to look up.  He had no head.
The sight before her was something she never could have imagined. She had seen the terrible results of battles before. She had treated arrow and knife and crushing wounds and had seen skirmishes outside the castle walls.
But there, before her was a sight like no other.  A man, a knight, dressed half in black and half in white, moved as if the winds of fury guided him. Each hand held a sword, one long, one short. They whirled and arced though the air. She blinked and when she looked again there toppled one man after another, each without a sound and without a head.

The first to come under his terrible wrath had been the brute pinning Elsbeth to the ground. The poor girl trembled uncontrollably as his still body lay near to her, turning the ground red with his blood.
In no longer a space in time than it took to blink and shake her head in disbelief, five men lay dead and a sixth wounded sitting on the ground. At sword point ahead of him, the knight approached the stricken man.
The rapist's wound was grave, as his life blood seeped from him there was little doubt that his time on earth would end soon.
With a guttural screaming roar the killer cried out, “Who are you?”

In the blink of an eye the knight shifted his hand to the fore hilt of his greatsword and held it in the face of the wounded man as if it were the Holy Cross.
The warrior bent over and whispered, “ I am The Ghost.”
Though she strained to hear the words the strange knight spoke but couldn’t make them out, and saw the look of stark terror cross the man’s face.
In a whisper the dying man said, “No, No, it can’t be, you’re... you’re...”
“Aye, but I’m not.” With a movement to fast for the eye to see the knight stepped back, and swung his greatsword in a circle, the downward arc slicing the man’s cheek.
The knight bellowed: “Who are you to have done such a thing as this to defenseless women and where are you from...  I’ll not ask again, I’ll merely leave you here for your painful death.”
“No, no”, the man gasped;  “not that, anything but that, I’ll tell ya; we are Lord Alexander’s men. He sends us here to wreak havoc and... and... other such things at Strathenham, whenever the whim stirs him.”
A single exclamation escapes her lips, “No,” and her mind finishes the thought;  ‘Alexander of Kraigsleigh is rumored to be a stern, and harsh man, but there is no way he would bring harm to Strathenham, could he?’
The knight turned towards her, his back to the villain.“What is your name fair lady?”
Before she can answer the wounded man begs,  “Will you not end my suffering now?”
The knight turns cold black eyes on the would be murderer and from shear fright the wounded man slumps over to the ground, motionless.
The Lady of Strathenham helped her maid Elsbeth to her feet, she and the trembling girl both welcomed the comfort of each others embrace.
The knight turned back to her and said, “Lady, what may be your name?”
“You, you killed them...”  She said, the paleness in her cheeks was replaced by the red of outrage as she felt the anger overcome her fear.
Feeling the indignation rising in her at having seen such butchery so close at hand she hollered “You killed them all!!”  
“Of course. They would have killed all three of you elsewise.”
She took a frantic look around, “Where’s Mairi, where has she gone?”
“There was a girl running toward the castle.”
Just then, the sound of mounted men crashing through the underbrush assailed their ears. In a second the two swords which had been neatly slid into their scabbards, the long sword at his side and the short sword on his back, came by swift magic into his hands. 
Ivar Thorgoodsson, Captain of the Guard, brought his destrier to a halt  in front of the knight. His voice loud and bellowing as he surveys the carnage. “What goes on here?”
Before the knight can answer, the lady speaks up and says, “This interloper has killed all of these men!”
Ivar looked at the knight. “’Tis true?”
The knight answered, “It is, I slew the killers.”
She spat back at him. “You do not know that they would have killed us.”
Seeing the familiar look of judgmental authority, the knight looks at the Captain and states, “The Lady knows not of what she speaks.”
She sputtered her protests as Ivar’s voice commanded, “Gawain take our men and escort the Lady and her maid to the castle.”
She stifles her protests knowing she is going to receive a dressing down for being out in the Darks with no guards.
The knight sheathed his blades as Ivar dismounts. 
Taking his measure of the man Ivar says,  “I would know more of what happened here.”
With a confident ease the knight spoke, “Captain, you have a serious enemy in Lord Alexander,  the last of these men to die said that it was he who sent them all.  And you must look at this.”  
The knight bent down and picked up one of the blades of the attackers. “Have you seen such a weapon as this before?”
“No, I have not.” responds Captain Ivar, staring at the foot long black curved weapon.
“It is called the devil’s tongue.  It is the weapon of a paid killer. All of those lying here carry one; after being abused, your women would have been put to death in the most horrible of ways.”
As the knight sheaths the wicked dagger and hands it to the Captain he says, “Be forewarned, the blades are deadly sharp and usually dipped in poison.”
Ivar looked at each of the attackers, seeing that they all carried the same blade, “I must show this to the lord of the castle. You are welcome to accompany me; after such work you must be thirsty and hungry. Where are the rest of your men?”
“There are no others.”
Ivar looks about and whispers, “Only one, only you...”  He tries to take a moment to wrap his mind around this concept, but before his thoughts can go that far, he hears a shrill whistle and looks up to see a huge charcoal grey stallion trotting through the trees.  The big animal calmly comes to a halt beside the knight. He has never seen an animal of such color, all the darkest grey, not a hint of other coloring anywhere except for coal black hooves and the white blaze of wings upon his forehead.
He hears the voice of the knight saying “Have your men take all of the belongings from these killers, they are by rights the property of your Lordship. You’ll find their horses tethered about a quarter mile to the West.”
Ivar asks, “How do you know there are only these six?”
“Six horses, six men and I have seen the sign of no others. Bury the bodies where they will not be found. And the men who accomplish this are to equally share in any coin they find. I saw at least three of the six carry purses.”
Ivar looks at the knight with a question in his eyes. But the returning gaze reflects nothing but blue steel hardness.  By rights the knight could claim the monies of these men as his own, but has deigned instead to bestow it upon the castle guardsmen who must accomplish the gruesome task of the burying.
“It will be done as you say.  Let us away from this evil place.”

  Little Miss Trouble
As they ride toward the castle, Ivar thinks to himself:  ‘I am a fighter with a score of years behind me and yet I have never seen such a sight as the deaths of those men’.  
They depart the forest and the castle looms ahead as night settles across the countryside. With a command from Captain Ivar the gate opens and they pass through into the bailey.
“Captain, by your leave, I’ll stable my horse. Collect the killers’ knives, to show your lord, and then it would be wise to have them secured.”

+++++.

Enarrah returned to find the castle in an uproar. She no sooner got through the gate when Mairi runs up to her exclaiming, “Thank the Lord you both are safe, my Lady.”
Enarrah still had her arm around Elsbeth but upon seeing Mairi, the maid rushed into her sister’s arms, sobbing. Still flushed with anger, Enarrah says under her breath. “He killed all of those men in cold blood and...”
Elsbeth interrupts her; “No, my lady, no. They were going to kill us. The one who accosted me told me we were to die and our bodies never be found.  Truly my lady, the knight has saved us.”
Unable to let go of her anger with such ease, Enarrah thinks to herself that these are the thoughts of an hysterical girl.  She motions to the serving girls to take the baskets of herbs, then walks to the staircase to get to her room. She is blood smeared, bedraggled and her hair is undone.  Although she routinely dresses in somber clothes, she does not wish to appear unkempt to the rest of the castle.
Heatherlyn calls from the doorway, “Back safe and sound I see lass, well and good then, well and good.”
Heading for the stairs,  Enarrah hears her cousin Philburt’s  voice, “Why have you been out alone? What problem have you caused ?”

She turns to face him, stands tall and meets his harsh gaze. Still flushed with anger over the slaughter she has just seen, she states, “It was necessary to have the amount of herbs needed to last through the winter months, in order to tend the many illnesses that plague us during this time of year.”
She has tread this fine line between obedience and arrogance with Philburt often in the last months. He steps closer to her, saying,
“Be careful of what you say. Be careful of what you do.  Soon I may be lord here and you will be married to whomever I choose. It would be in your best interest not to antagonize me Enarrah. Get yourself cleaned up,  father has been asking for you.”

As she hurries toward her room, her youngest cousin, Thomas, passes her in the hall. She moves to the side but he jibes at her as she passes, “Little miss trouble again,” he says with a smile; “Always the contrary one.”
The youngest of the brothers and the closest to her age they have been lifelong friends.  She says just one word, “Don't!” 
At her room she bolts the door behind her and pauses to take a deep breath. She tries to take in all that has happened.
All that fills her mind is a vision of the savage knight as he whirled with death. She keeps seeing the image of him lithe and graceful, as he did his killing dance. She wasn’t sure if she actually believed it now, even though she had seen him with her own eyes.  And it was not just the actions of him. It was the look of him. There was no doubt that he was a knight. Of that she was sure, but his colors were so strange.

During the course of the comings and goings in the castle she, as much as any girl, had longed to hear the stories of the knights and their battles. But his colors, black and white, alternating black and white...
She had never heard of, or seen such a knight. 
With a new dawning upon her, she sat down hard in the chair that was behind her.  The absence of feeling washed over her... her mind and feelings were wrapped in a soft warmth.
There was no sense of evil that emanated from him.
She sat there dumbfounded. 
She had seen him kill the men in cold blood, hadn’t she?  Yet, she felt nothing evil about him or his actions. How could this be?
Had her powers of insight failed her this one time?  No, that couldn’t be. Ever since she had started her courses, her powers of insight and intuition had been becoming stronger, deeper and truer.  
So why then was it that she had no negative feelings or intuitions about this knight?  And truth be told, when she concentrated her heart upon, she felt goodness coming from him...
By all of the earth and heavens, it was goodness...  

Could he be the one? 

Could he be the slivery knight shimmering in the mist that visited her dreams at night?

 The Twins

Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco walked his horse into the stable. As he stopped in the center he heard the scurrying of feet, hushed whispers and of all things, the flapping of wings. He called, “Hello in the stable, I need a place for my horse.”  
There was silence for a moment, little feet scurried again. As he turned two small shapes appeared before him, several feet away.  
With exaggerated bows, two boys of no more than ten years said to him, “Great Sir the stableman is not here but the big stall in the back is empty.”
The knight bade them stand with his kind words as he hunkered down on his haunches to be at their level. “Ah, twins I see. Thank you for your honorable greeting lads, the gestures are well noted. What be your names?”
Straightening to their full height, the one replied, “I’m Ashe, he’s Broox, Sir.”
“What was the flapping of wings I just now heard?”
The lads looked at one another, Broox nodded his head and Ashe said, “That was Simon Peter, the hawk, he's the onliest one left.  He must a takin' a likin' to ya' cause he stayed long enough ta' give ya' the once over, he n'er does that.
Then we have something in common, my horse is 'Shahjeen', it means 'White Falcon'.  See the white blaze on his forehead that looks like a bird in flight, that's how he got his name. They smile at that.
The boys were thin and gaunt with baggy clothes and no shoes. Their faces are smudged with dirt hiding bruises that were just now healing.  
Broox speaks up, “Can we care fer Shahjeen, Sir Knight?”
Still squatted down, the knight looks into the boys’ eyes and sees a glimmer of yearning and hope, and the sheer wonderment of  innocence as they look back at him. He has seen these eyes before, but where? How? They reflect fearlessness and courage, the eyes of these lads. He has seen it before, he is sure of it, a memory flickers then fades, and is gone.  There is something special about these twins, special indeed; and so special they will be treated...
He rises to his full height and says,  “Not just yet, we will have to make the introductions first”
The great stallion, a full seventeen hands high, thumped the stable floor with his hoof.  Stepping away the knight says, “Broox and Ashe this is Shahjeen;  Shahjeen, this is Broox and Ashe.  Animals get to know you by your scent, lads. Can you stand still to let Shahjeen near?”

Broox, the taller of the two brothers begins to tremble and his cheek twitches. The knight extends his hand and beckons the boys closer, placing a big gentle hand on both boy’s shoulders. The trembling stops and Broox looks ahead, calm and trusting. 
The boys nod their heads, unable to speak because of the excitement.  They have never had something so incredible happen in their lives as a knight introducing them,' yes them', to such a great and fearsome warhorse so close and near. 
As if  understanding all that is happening the horse steps forward.
The knight says, “now extend a hand,  palm downward.”  The boys act without hesitation and Shahjeen bows his head and extends his nose to sniff the boys proffered hands and gives a slight nod in approval.
“Well, Ashe and Broox, it seems you found a friend. When I am not here to tend to him myself, you can help keep a watch over Shahjeen. For now be good lads and fetch him some oats and water.”

The boys eyes grew wide with amazement, they stared first at the horse who stared right back and then at the knight who simply smiled. 
Standing even straighter, Ashe pumped out his chest and with all solemnity said in a clear voice,“Yes Sir.”
In a whisper Broox said, “Great Knight why do you carry two swords?”
“Ah, since you are now friends of Shahjeen, I will tell you.  This, my longsword was of my own choosing but the scimitar was a gift.”  Saying this the knight pulled the curved blade from the scabbard over his shoulder. “This is 'OShaYen' which means peace in the old tongue.  See here on the fore hilt The Holy Cross, The Star of David and The Crescent Moon.  This sword is ever to be wielded in the cause of justice. And now some water and grain for Shahjeen.”
“Yes Sir Knight,” they both said, and went to task.
As the knight settled his great stead into the stall, he heard the commotion of the returning castle guards. They had put the attackers horses into the fenced corral along with their own and piled the saddles and belongings onto the floor of the stable. The knight said, “Take all the weapons that were found and give them to your captain so that the lord of the castle may see them.”
“Yes, Sir Knight.”
As the men walk away he hears mutterings much to the affect that “The lord of the castle will never see these.”
The knight wonders at that but lets it pass and says,  “Send your leather smith to me, I will be waiting here.”
The soldier answers, “As you command, Sir Knight.”
The twins come back with the oats and water. The knight asks, “Where are your parents?”
Taking turns with their words, as if of one mind, they answer. “Da  went  off on, ‘cades and,  ma does the kitchen.  But we nar get to see her.” 
There is a short pause. Feeling more and more comfortable with “their” knight. They look at each other and say. “Neeley makes us stay here and work, he won’t let us see our ma.”  Being quiet now, they have placed the oats and water where Shahjeen can reach them and they stand, each at a side, stroking his neck.
At the sound of footsteps, the boys disappear.  A hunched, older man, in a leather apron says, “Sir Knight, I am Gavin, the leather smith and you are, no doubt, the great man who has summoned me. I see by your fine boots that you are a man of quality.”
“Thank you Gavin, have you been here a long while?”
“For many years.”
The knight stops currying his horse, steps from the stall and closes it. He says as he walks toward the pile on the floor.  “Come, I would have you look at this.”  He points to the saddles and the leather items on the floor and says, “Can you tell who made these saddles?”
Gavin steps over to the pile and starts looking through and in a short time he says,  “Some of these pieces I know were made at a castle hear here. I know this is the work of a friend who I haven’t seen in a great while.
“What castle?”
“Kraigsleigh.”
“The lands that adjoin these?”
“Yes, Sir Knight”.
Luke reaches beneath his hauberk and holds in his hand a gold coin. Gardner’s eyes grow wide. The knight says, “This is only a little for your knowledge.”
Gavin says, “That is a fortune my lord.”
“Be not so quick, I have three years work for you.  You know the two lads who scurry about here, the twins?”
Taken a little aback, Gavin says, “Why, yes. They are good lads, they sometimes do errands for me when I can pry them away from old Neeley”
Holding the gold coin between his fingers the knight says,  “Every year for the next three years I would have those lads a new pair of boots and a leather vest each.”
Gavin looked at the man standing before him, looked him up and looked him down. He stepped back and with a deep bow said,  “It will be exactly as you say.”
The knight places the coin in the palm of Gavin’s hand, closes the gnarled fingers around it and says with a smile’, “Thank you Gavin, I expect it to be just so.”
The leather smith turns to leave and the knight says, “Gavin...”
“Sir...?”
“Leave the saddles and the armaments and take the rest and see to it that the clothier of the castle distributes it to those here that are in need it the most.”
“Yes, Sir Knight, it is the Mistress of the Castle that takes care of such matters, that is one her many duties.  I’ll tell her as soon as I see her.”

+++++
	
The knight walks out to the watering trough and takes off his broadsword. Looking down he takes off his blood spattered and dirt stained gambeson.  He is already weary of the intrigue evidenced all about him. He was not supposed to be here, he was supposed to be attending to matters at another place. However he well knew the mysteries of fate that had played a hand in the actions and events in his life.  He would not question them now. He would right the wrongs that must be dealt with here and be on his way as soon as possible. But there were questions that had to be answered.  His nagging thoughts kept returning to the flaxen haired girl dressed so plain who had been outraged at him for his earlier actions. The sight of her standing there, indignant, cheeks flushed red and pink pouting lips would not leave his mind. And the eyes of those two incredible boys, the twins, why did they stir him so?

His thoughts were interrupted as his senses became alert. He heard the whistle of the cane through the air, raised his hand and grabbed it as it came near to hitting his head.  
A gravel voice demanded “Who are you to wash in this stable yard. Why are you here?”
As the knight turned a look of surprise came onto the man’s craggy face. 
All the stableman saw were the cold eyes of death staring back at him. The stick was jerked from his hand. Luke said,“You are the stable master here?”
“Yes, I am Neeley and I’ll not have any vagabond or ruffian in my yard.”
“You’d have done better to use a proper manner in addressing a guest of this castle.”
“Why you I’ll.....”
The stableman could not utter another word for he stared in disbelief as the knight took the thick stick, one hand at each end and snapped it in two. 
Still holding the pieces the knight brought both ragged ends slamming into the man’s ears. With a shriek, Neeley fell to his knees, the words rasping from his throat, “Who are you?”
The knight unsheathed his scimitar held it by the forehilt and for the second time in the same day held it as if it were the Holy Cross and said, “I am your Maker, truly met, and you will never again strike man or beast.”
Still holding his bloodied ears the stable master said, “What, did you say?”
The knight brought the pommel of his sword down atop the man’s head.  “I said cretin, that you will NEVER  again strike man or beast!”  
He jerked the befuddled man to his feet. 
Neeley collected himself somewhat, gathering his wits about him as the knight turned back to wash.  “One more thing...” the knight said, “ Do not enter the stall at the rear of the stable where my horse is kept, he will kill you if you do.  Now, begone.”

  Man of Mystery

Captain Ivar Thorgoodson had just finished describing the knight and his unique heraldic colors to Philburt and Seneschal Bertram Longwillow.
“Who is this man?” Philburt flustered.
“I truly do not know my lord. But I have seen no fighter like him. He dispatched these six killers as if it were nothing and never suffered a scratch. He declares these men were assassins as is evidenced by these daggers that they carried”, Ivar exclaimed.
Philburt looked down at the weapons, “I have never seen such a thing before.”
“I have never seen such a thing before either, but the knight declares that these men would have killed the women with them.” (They are long curving S shapes, more than  a handspan in length, black as coal and the edges gleam razor sharp.)
Reaching to pick one up Ivar deflects Philburt’s hand away,  “Careful my lord, they are poisoned.”

“And how would you know that?”
“The knight told me that.”
Philburt turned to Bertram, “Who Is This Man !”
The seneschal shrugged his shoulders, “There are many unknown knights roaming the land sire, this may by one of them.  He certainly is no vagabond or rogue, his colors evidence that.”
Philburt looks at him, and says with great intensity, “No ordinary knight could do what this man has done. Find out who is is... No wait, better yet, I’ll find out myself.  Where is this knight?”
“Stabling his horse, my lord.”
“And why would he be doing that?”
“I thought it was the least courtesy we could extend to offer food and rest after he saved our women.”
Philburt looked at him with reproof, “You overstep your bounds Captain Ivar. For all we know this man is a spy himself, sent here to to us harm.”
“If that were the case, he could have easily slain all of my guards.”
“Surely you exaggerate.”
“Verily, my lord, I do not. If you had seen the carnage he wrought of the six men, you would understand.”
“How so.”
“Five were without heads, three without hands and arms as well. The sixth he gut wounded and questioned before the man died.”
Philburt’s eyes grew wide. “In the name of God, who is this man?”
Ivar turned away saying under his breath, “In the name of God, indeed.”
He had not even told Philburt that the knight carried two swords, not one, and that they were unique. Emblazoned through the steel on the forte of the broadsword was the holy cross.   And they were the darkest gray metal he had ever seen, yet even in the twilight of the late afternoon they gleamed and shown as if the sun radiated from them. Nor had he mentioned the man’s incredible steed.  No ordinary knight indeed...
Philburt was headed to Enarrah’s room when he was accosted by Neeley and his hysterical stammering. Philburt looked annoyed for a moment and then noticed Neeley’s red and swollen ears. Neeley was his best source of information for goings on in the castle. The man was a sneaky, underhanded bully.  He overlooked this because of the information Neeley provided. What concern of it was his anyway as to Neeley’s personality? As far as he knew, animals and children needed to be beaten didn’t they?
The stableman kept blustering, and Philburt, whose patience was ebbing away cuffed the man on the shoulder, “Speak up man, what are you talking about?”
Neeley straightened up, becoming full of himself and said, “He has taken over the stable my lord. He beat me just for asking who he was. Mark my words, he is evil. He has been sent from the devil to do terrible things here. You have to throw him out. Yes sir, that’s what you have to do, you have to find a way to throw him out.”
Neeley looked at Philburt through slitted eyes knowing this lord was only a substitute, and a poor one at that.
Philburt did not have time for this, he had to get to Enarrah’s room and hear first hand what had happened in the forest.  Philburt waved his hand in disgust, “Go away, begone, I’ll deal with you later.”
As he turned away, he could still hear Neeley’s mutterings, “Mark my words, he is evil, my lord, surely evil.”
As he strode up the hall toward Enarrah’s room, Philburt was halted by Thomas, his youngest brother, “Have you seen the knight and his great steed?”
Thomas looked like a child who had gone to festival, all smiles and cheerful. Philburt threw up his hands. More about this knight. He was sick of it already, but he resigned himself. The more he knew the better he would be able to deal with it. He gave a big sigh, and said, “Okay, lets hear your story.”
Thomas looked a little chagrined,  “No story really. I just saw the knight as he came in through the bailey to the stable with his horse.  He cuts quite a figure and his horse is an Arabian.”
“You must be mistaken.”
“I most certainly am not mistaken, you know I know horses. Not only is it an Arabian, it is a Pure Arabian Grey, The Horse of Kings.”
Philburt forgot where he was going. Feeling somewhat inundated with information about this knight whose name he didn’t even know. He said to his brother, “Thank you Thomas, I’ll talk to you later.” And he strode off to Enarrah’s room.
As Enarrah sat brooding over her conflicting feelings, she heard an urgent knock and somebody tried the door. Only Philburt would do this, as was his want to do because of his conception of his position at the castle.   She stood to go to the door and heard his voice.
“Let me in.”
She unbolted the door and swung it wide. He strode through the doorway and attempted to shut the door. She stood in front of it knowing full well it was not a good idea to be alone with Philburt with the door closed.
He blustered, tossing his hand in the air and walking to the center of the room. “Fine, fine, leave it open. Have your propriety.”

She could see he was agitated. Not upset exactly but more bewildered than anything else. She knew from his mood, what tone to take, and asked, Do you want to hear what I have to say?”
“Yes, tell me what happened in The Darks,” he said.
As she opened her mouth to speak, he held up his hand, “No, wait, think, I want to know in detail what you saw.”
She composed herself for a moment, ”We went out to gather herbs and plants that I needed for the winter.”
Before she could say anything else, he cut her off.“Yes, yes, yes, I know all that. That was fine. Tell me about the knight. Tell me what you saw.”
She hadn’t expected this particular question. She hadn’t expected to have to describe it. Especially since she had been questioning in her own mind what she had seen, and felt...  
She started again, “He came from nowhere. He was just there in the midst of  them. The man who had grabbed  me fell dead.   As I looked, there were swords and daggers waving in the air and he was dancing between them, killing them all.”
At the word dancing, Philburt looked at her but said nothing. She continued, “All except the last man, whom he wounded. Then he questioned this man. I didn’t hear everything they said. They spoke in whispers at first as the knight held up his sword in front of the frightened man.”
She rubbed her forehead in frustration and said, “No, no it was not fear, it was terror... The man was terrified. The knight asked why they were there and who sent them. The dying man said that Lord Alexander had sent them here to cause trouble.”
”Do you think he was telling the truth?”
She really didn’t have to think about this. She believed, without a doubt that the dying man was telling the truth and she said as much to Philburt. Then she added, “How can that be? Lord Alexander has always been a friend to Strathenham.”
Philburt said, “That may be true but in these troubled times, friendships change.  You said one of these men had grabbed you? Do you know why he grabbed you?”
“They had Elsbeth on the ground to possess her and when the one found me hiding in the bushes he laid hands on me and said that ‘here was another one to have sport with’.”
Philburt stood thinking as he watched her. He had no doubt that the men intended great harm. Ivar’s description of the attackers’ clothing and weapons left little doubt. He looked at her, but before he could speak, she interjected, “He killed them, he just killed them all without mercy. He shouldn’t be allowed to say here.”
Looking intent now, Philburt said, “You may very well be right. However, one thing seems to be certain., the men came here to create havoc.  They would surely have killed you and your maids. If not for the knight you would be dead Enarrah.  Listen to me carefully, do not ever again leave the castle without guards.”  This last, he spoke in a caring tone.
She looked up at him in surprise at this, and he added, “Please get cleaned up and attend Lord William.”
She nodded her head in acquiescence and he left, leaving her standing there even more confused than before.

  Ghost

Alexander Alltimont, overseer and self proclaimed Lord of Kraigsleigh Castle  paced back and forth in front of the big hearth of the main hall like a nervous cat.  There was a waning fire upon the grate.  A chill passed through him.  It was getting colder every day.  He would have to spend more of the monies on this decaying castle. He longed for it. This is to be his palace. Caution held him back from premature action for if a large crew of workmen were formed, unwanted attention would soon follow.  He had been careful for far too long to let that happen.  He could endure the waiting now, for the prize was in sight.  All the injustices of his life would be avenged.
After tending his brother’s terrible illness and death he bolted and lived a warrior’s life in seclusion.  He was very good at it. His pilgrimage had started at the stones of Carnac near his home in Brittany and from there to The Dance of the Giants in Cornwall.

It was in Ireland he had faced the scrying stone of the faerie ring. At that place he had fasted for four days without food or drink.  Then, in a vision, the hole through the center of the mammoth stone turned to crystal and beckoned him to enter.  He was the chosen, the vision made it so, and he thrust his sword hand into the shimmer of crystal.  He was racked with unspeakable agony and passed out from the pain of his vision quest.  
When he came to his senses the hand stayed blackened for weeks.  When it regained its' normal color he thought all was well.  It was not, not by any stretch of the imagination.  The hand seemed to have a life of its' own, a vile and evil life, especially when he had his sword in hand.  It moved, swung and thrust the blade with a ferocity that was not his own.  
Then the terrible headaches started and the living nightmare began.  Vile hideous creatures of death and destruction rampaged through his dreams during the few short hours he managed to get any sleep.  The shakes, tremors and twitches of the hand during his time awake drove him to distraction until all he could do to cope with it was try to ignore it. 
Four isles later he had come to Sunkenkirk in the lands of Elleghane. The headaches subsided, he found solace here, and so he made himself believe that here was where he was destined to find greatness... and revenge.  He could feel it in his bones, he could feel it come from the hand; this was the place. 
His mind now wandered... while Kraigsleigh was rebuilt he would be bathed in the comfort of Strathenham and all its amenities, not the least of which would be Enarrah... he and no one else would have her, no matter what it took...  
Where was that blasted captain of his, he should have returned from his ‘meeting’ by now.
His mind returned to his musings:  He,  Alexander,  had taken Kraigsleigh Castle from that old fool Lord Carleton, soon he would have Strathenham as well; and even the legacy of Elleghane itself would be his, and all the power that went with it.  That would lay a path open to control all The Borders, from sea to sea.
The great doors of the room came open and slammed shut as Captain Erick Shafterly strode toward the man standing at the hearth.
“You’re late,” the voice taunted.
“Not entirely without reason My Lord.  Our sneaky little friend needed some extra comfort, both for his bruised ego as well as his purse.”
“Speak plain man, what is the news?”
“It seems there has been quite the commotion at Strathenham.  Some unknown knight has appeared alone, seemingly from nowhere, and has succeeded in killing six of our men and at the same time foiling our attempt to capture the elusive girl.”
Alexander’s gaze turned cold.  “One man you say, one man slew six of your trained killers. Not possible.”
With great care, Shafterly continued, “Great lord, I only relate the story as told to me at my recent meeting. The little worm of a man insists that this knight comes straight from the devil himself, also, that the knight alone killed the six men, while rescuing the girl and her two maids.  He said he saw the proof himself.  Weapons, armor, clothing and saddles all piled in the stable and your six horses grazing in the nearby paddock.”
“What have you done about this?”
“Four men have been sent to track the first six to gain any further information about their movements, and two others of less conspicuous variety have been sent to find out about new arrivals in the area. These last two will start at the village first... using all due discretion.”
“It had better be with discretion Shafterly.  We do not want Philburt nor his inept brothers Randolph and Thomas to get wind of our intentions, now do we?”
“No my lord we do not, inquiries will be made with the utmost care.”
“Who is this knight?”
“I know not, but from the description he can only just recently have returned from the crusades.”
“Why do you say that?”
“He bears multiple crosses upon his clothing as well as on his sword.  Our spy was thoroughly distressed when the knight thrust the blade of that sword in front of his face and showed him the Holy Cross branded through the fore hilt.  The wretch went on and on about hell and the devil as the origin for this knight.  Actually the knight apparently put the fear of God into him.  Oh, and this after boxing the man’s ears with his own whip. I settled his nerves with the same promises, added more coin to his purse and he went away quite satisfied as usual, promising to give us more information on the morrow.”
“What did this knight look like?”
“Of medium height and build with the look of youth about him.  Light hair with the colors of black and white all about his clothing.”
“Black and white... there is no man would wear such, no man...” Alexander muttered almost to himself, trying to remember something.
“That may be true, but if there is, then he is here and he is a ghost.”
At this last word Shafterly could see the color come onto Alexander’s usually pasty white face.
A flash of memory struck Alexander like a lightning bolt. “Ghost??  Ghost!!  Hold your tongue. It cannot be, it is not possible. I was not there but my brother Terrell was, and he told me the story from his sick bed.  He spoke in reverence of a knight heralded in no colors; in only black and white!   A man who fought with two swords at the battle of Jerusalem.  Did this man have two swords?”

“Our spy spoke of only one.”
“My brother also said that the knight disappeared without a trace in the midst of a  melee of  thousands of battling men. He has never been seen or heard from again.  After that day they simply referred to him as ‘The Ghost’.  Now this same man might somehow have appeared here?  We must find out who this knight is and who is helping him.  I have sources that can help with that,” he said, as he strode from the great hall.
Captain Erick Shafterly watched the dying fire in the hearth as he heard his lordship’s footfalls recede into the castle. He was thoroughly fed up with this pest hole of a keep.  The stink of decay clung to his clothes and his very body, night and day.  He longed to be away, back to the bright meadows and peaceful valleys of his homeland. He was getting too old for this unending high drama.  He had been persuaded by Alexander’s constant flow of coin, and promises of even greater wealth and property.   It wasn’t until his arrival and first meeting with Alexander that he was fully apprised of his ‘duties’.
He fully expected to be the instrument of Alexander’s mayhem and even murder.  However, he was not prepared to be the only visible presence of authority.  Alexander was specific that he personally was to have no direct contact with anyone outside Castle Kraigsleigh, “until the time was right”.  
It was no wonder for that, not when, at their first meeting  Alexander had stepped from the shadows. He cut a gruesome figure, overly tall, severely thin, with a face that looked as if it had been carved from stone.  He dressed all in black including a full length hooded cloak.  When he threw back the hood it revealed raven black shoulder length hair that emphasized to an even greater degree the man’s large head perched on a long whipcord neck.
If there had been anyone ascended from Hades, it was Alexander; his eyes looked as if darkness and flames lurked behind them.  This specter of a man reminded him of stories from the continent made up to scare the wits out of children.  It worked, a horrible beast of a man called ‘The Wraith’ was the character told of, his acts of viciousness unparalleled. 
Shafterly had no trouble following Alexander’s orders insuring his privacy, nor any of his other orders either.  Like ‘The Wraith’, this Alexander was not a man to get on the wrong side of, ever.  This particular fact was made even plainer the first time Shafterly had seen the sword.  The next day, in order to make a very distinct point of conversation,  Alexander had furled his cloak aside with a flourish.
That sword must have a name, but Shafterly would not ask what it was.  Hung at his slender waist off a wide black belt was a gold tipped scabbard no less than five feet long.  The hilt protruding from the top of the scabbard was a foot long, and the cross guard was ornately inlaid with gemstones.  With the man’s overly long arms it put his sword swing at about eight feet.  A full foot farther killing radius than any swordsman Shafterly had ever seen, and he had seen hundreds in his time as a fighter.
	
Coin had been brought forth, without end, from the man’s bottomless coffers, for anything and everything that Alexander wanted...  Now, months after schemes and planning, Shafterly was anxious to take what wealth he could get, pay off his men, and go home. But deep down he knew this was not to be. It was supposed to be a simple thing, take over Kraigsleigh by easy force, await the impending death of Strathenham’s Lord William Northerlund and give the maid over to Alexander.  

But, there were complications, Lord Carleton of Kraigsleigh was a tricky matter, finally resolved by devious rather than direct means and the man had just disappeared.  Lord William had not succumbed to his illness, and his sons had shown more backbone than was thought to exist.  This last, in spite of the steady string of bad luck that Shafterly's men had “plagued” upon Strathenham and its' people.
	
Now there was a knight, a battle hardened knight; where there had been no real threat before.  A knight with some mysterious reputation, or more likely several knights, in residence at Strathenham, with six of his men dead to prove it.   And the crosses of the crusades everywhere.  Shafterly could see the free ride was over, he was going to have to start earning his money from now on.

+++++

He awoke to the creaking of the ship's wooden hull against the timbers of the dock.  The voyage was finally over.  He made it, in spite of the storms, the pirates and the sickness.   Gathering his belongings he stepped out into the hot sun.
With his language skills it was a matter of a few minutes and he had been directed to a place where information might be found.  His hopes rose a little.
“State your business, what do you want here?” asked the knight with a huge red cross on his chest.”
“I seek a Christian who came here to fight.”
“Thousands of Christians fought here, and died here.”
“I've come hundreds of leagues to find him.  I was told by asking here I might find him or someone who knows of him.”
“His name?”
“Luke Wynnewood.”
The knight laughed and said, “Ha, The Ghost?  So would we all. And who might you be, his brother?”
“Yes, I am, one of his six brothers.”
The knight was taken up short, “I am a Templar and this is a holy place,  if you tell such a lie here it will go badly for you, but of a fact I have known that Wynnwood did have six brothers.”
“I swear I speak true.”
“Wait here.”
With the huge door ajar he heard the knight bellow, “Terrell, you needs come down, a lad here says he's the brother of  Wynnewood!”
The moments went by like hours and he could hear his heart pounding in his chest and his pulse beating in his ears, and still the moments passed.
Loud deliberate footfalls echoed down the stairwell. A tall slender broad shouldered man with the same gambeson appeared.  He stood in the doorway like a spire of granite with his visage ethereal in the shadows.
And he could see the dark eyes look him from head to foot.
“What is you name?”
“John Wynnewood of Lamasco.  I am here at the behest of my grandfather, and before he passes on would know the fate of my brother Luke.  We have not heard of him since he left our home.  Truth be told I seek his fate as much for myself as for our grandfather.”
“Describe your brother, how he looks”
John complied with the request.
The great knight came from the shadows descending the stairs until he stood on the same step as John Wynnewood.  All the while as he came closer his smile broadened  wider and wider.  
He thrust out his arm and Wynnewood glasped it, now smiling himself.
“You favor him.  I am Terrell Alltimont of the Knights Templar, I have seen your brother and know of him well.  He disappeared about a year ago and has not been seen since, but constant sightings of him come from everywhere and everyone, even our enemies. 
Your brothers' good friend is the comrade that saved my life, I leave today to find him.  If anyone knows the whereabouts of  The Black and White Knight it is Robert Verregon of Rangeley.”
“My brother, Luke Wynnewood, is a Knight?”, John stammered.
Terrell laughed out loud, “Your brother, Luke Wynnewood, is more than a knight  He is a legend.  Come with me now, to Britain, and on the journey I'll tell you all I know of  Wynnewood The Brave.” 

 Pages

Enarrah stood and listened at her maids’ well wishes as they left her room.  The sisters had brought her fresh water and linens and had laid clean clothes for her on the bed.  It did not miss her understanding that both had come when assuredly one would do, as had always been before.  They were there to reassure her in no uncertain terms that they were recovered from there forest ordeal and to make certain that their Lady was too.
The conversation had been light but poignant:  “Oh, what a terrible thing to have nearly happened...”
“Why yes it was, but...”
“Oh, what a blessing that the knight had come along in the nick of time and saved us all from terrible fates...”
“Well, yes I suppose he did, but...”
“Oh, my goodness,  wasn’t he ever so handsome...”
“Handsome, yes, I guess he was handsome, but don’t you think...”
“And Oh, isn’t it just so wonderful that he is here with us in this very castle... there are your clean things mistress... we have to go now mistress... Lord William is waiting...”
She stood and without thought removed her clothes, she tried to catch hold of the torrent of thoughts and feelings that flooded through her mind and body... 'saved us all'  (warmth spread through her limbs)
“Blessed knight of goodness and wonderment.”  (an aching tightness made her feel the size and shape of her breasts).  “Handsome, young and handsome” (her fingers felt the soft curves of her body).

Enarrah’s eyes opened, she saw the pile of clothes at her feet, she looked up and there in the mirror was a naked young woman, hair undone as if tossed by the four winds, the girl looking back at her was flush with heat, one hand resting upon her breasts, the other gently nestled on the mound above the cleft between her legs.  The hand between her legs pressed upon the soft mound beneath it...
It was like a bolt of lightning had struck... complete with the sound of thunder in her ears.
The water in the wash basin had grown cold and she was ever so thankful for that... she moved with purpose to wash and dress and pin up her hair just so... and in just a few minutes was traversing the halls to the upper castle where Lord William waited in his chamber.  As she passed the rounded corner of the tower balustrade that overlooked the courtyard below she was stopped in her tracks by a piercing cry that made her blood run cold.  As a healer she had heard every cry of pain, remorse, anger and hurt... this was something different, it was guttural and mind numbing.  She turned her head just in time to see a flash of black and white blur in the corner of her vision as someone leapt over the balustrade on the opposite side of the courtyard.
Someone!  Him!

+++++	

The cascading water washed the grit from his hands as the knight’s thoughts jumbled and raced through his mind... what a wondrous girl.  He grabbed up his tunic and long sword and strode back into the stable and put them with the rest of his gear in Shahjeen’s stall.  His short sword nestled in the scabbard at his back he called to the stable boys, “Come on young lads, it’s time to find food.”
The twins seemed to appear from nowhere.  The slightly shorter and stouter of the two, Ashe, said, “We’ll tell you how to get to the kitchens Sir.”
“Come then, lead the way.”

Fear crept into Broox’ eyes as he stammered to the knight, “We can t-t-tell you wh-where it is sir, but we’re not allowed to go there cause it’s at the kitchen where our mama works!”
Luke bent down on one knee and put a guiding hand on the shoulder of each of the young boys.  I am Luke Wynnewood, true and noble knight and you are my helpers; and the care givers to the great Shahjeen.  From this day forward there is no place I go that you cannot.  And on this day at this hour you both will come and sit by my side and we will eat together at your mother’s table.”
The twins hugged the knight’s hands to their cheeks.  Luke pulled the boys to him and guided by his heart, embraced them both.  The boys held tight to the knight’s strong arms and shoulders and while Ashe stood steady; Broox, an inch taller, ten pounds lighter and frail, trembled.  
No one spoke as the moments passed.  
Ashe stood taller, and as Broox trembling stilled, the two boys drew strength from their great knight.  Like many other things that his heart had drawn him to that he had never questioned, Luke Wynnewood knew beyond any shadow of a doubt that these boys would be an integral part of his life from this day forward.
As their silent tears fell upon his black and white tunic Luke rose up and with a big smile declared, “I’m hungry as a bear, let’s go eat!”
Winding their way through the castle from one end to the other took some minutes as smiles and waves greeted the knight and the boys.  Luke marveled at the fact that ever since he had encountered the three maids his mind and heart had been flooded with memories, remembrances and intuitive feelings.  

He was of a sudden remembering that the twin lads had talked of the guards eating place being near the kitchen, and the significance struck him. He had been at only one other keep where the guards and workmen ate at that particular location.  It had been a novel idea of the lord of that castle, far away in Persia.  Done not only so that the guards had hot food but also to maintain a greater degree of civility and propriety amongst these raucous men.  It had worked, and worked well.  It was also an efficient and sure remedy  for those guards who committed minor infractions and where made to take their meals in some far outpost of the keep.  After a week of cold food and limited camaraderie infractions were rarely repeated.

The smell of wonderful food met his nostrils, he was famished, having hardly eaten for more than a day.  The trio entered a large doorway where several men were sitting a long table on which were laid out a big pot of stew, platters of bread and cheese and pitchers of wine and ale.  The smell of good food beckoned him, not a proper cooked meal for weeks...
They were met with slight smiles and wondering looks.  A big hulk of a man with a full black beard and sparkling eyes stood up and announced, “Welcome, welcome Sir Knight. Men, this is the fine and noble man of whom I just spoke to ye of, he that has saved our Lady and her maids from the most terrible doins’”.
(Mercy – the man was going to make a speech! - hopefully a short one... Lady? )
“I would take your hand in thanks Good Knight, if you would have it?  ‘Twas I by our good captain himself put on that messy cleanup detail in the Darks. I tell ya’ plain Sir Knight, ‘ner such sword work have I ever seen; and the thanks I be ‘ta given ye’ are for your share of the coin we found on the killers, just as you said it would be there – and our families will be all the better for it for many a long month.”
The big Irishman took the knight’s hand, bowed and raised it to his forehead as the knight replied shaking the man by his shoulder; (the praise and good words caught Luke off guard for rarely did such kindnesses occur and truth be told his mind was on the food!).
“Well and good then, hard work and well earned pay. Thank you friend, I am a guest of your castle by Captain Ivar’s graces and these are my Pages; newly appointed;  we have come to find out if the rumors are true about a marvelous stewardess here that makes the best food in the kingdom.”
“Aye, this then that you have come to is indeed the right place, came the stout reply.  Heatherlyn’s cookery is known far and wide, as these young laddybucks with you do  well know. Sit ! Eat !”
A loud assent when up from the men around the table.
(Yes by St. George, Yes...!!)
Heatherlyn heard a commotion in the guards room a few minutes before while she was in the midst of sorting out a half dozen details with the kitchen help. That done with for the moment she grabbed up a tool of her trade (one never knew) and went to find out what the noise was about.  As she headed down the short corridor from the kitchen she caught herself up short... Silence.  Silence? Hardly ever silence from that room; as a matter of  fact, never was there silence from that room. 
She stepped through the doorway to a most incredible sight. A dozen men, heads bowed down, a knight, striking in appearance and demeanor sitting at the head of the table, her two young sons sitting to either side of him their small hands gently grasped in his large ones AND this magnificent knight was just finishing saying grace...
“...and bless this food O Lord, Amen.”
“Amen.” came the chorus from around the table.
Yellow and green vegetables floated in a thick rich brown gravy laden with big chunks of tender meat, falling apart; the spoon was almost to his lips when our good knight heard a joint exclamation from the twins...  “Utt...Ohh...  !!”  
The dripping spoon stopped midair.
He must be seeing a specter...  lack of food maybe...  there in the doorway stood a woman, a very tall woman, with striking auburn hair, all askew; and, even under the kitchen clothes and apron it took no imagination to discern the curves of an ample well proportioned figure. 
A pillar of womanhood... and she was carrying the biggest butcher knife he had ever seen...  
She postured, waving the knife like an instrument of instruction and in a loud whisper said, “Broox and Ashe, away from here. You’ll be gone from that miserable Neeley soon; but for now we must make no waves and cause no stir, now go!”
The knight stood and took a knee as the stalwart woman, the twins’ mother, approached.  “Dear Lady, by your leave... “
 A shiver went up Heatherlyn’s spine, then that was replaced with waves of goodness washing over her as she looked at the regal knight bowing in respect before her.  
She lost her voice...(He couldn’t know, he couldn’t possibly know.)
By your leave Good Lady, I have taken these two lads, Broox and Ashe, as my Pages; under the protection of my swords and my coat of arms.  Sweet Mother, where ever I go they may also go.”
She stares away and says in a soft whisper, '...by my leave...' yes, they are my sons and we are only guests here, Neeley has Lord Philburt’s ear and I wish no trouble, please...”
From the far end of the room a low rumble started and broke into the heavy Scottish brogue of the highlands as a man the size of a small building with a rug-size  tartan draped cross his shoulders stood,
“’Ere, ‘ere now ‘Eatherlyn we’ll be havin’ none ‘o that Lassie.  This ‘ere is the he-man knight courageous what has saved our very own sweet Lady and ‘er maids from certain doom.  Every man jack here would follow ‘im and ‘is colors straight to the portals of Hades if need be.”
The twins speak up as well,  “It’s all right Mama... he’s really nice... and besides we got duties... we take care of Shahjeen.”
Slightly overwhelmed;  healer par excellence, cook, mentor to the Mistress of the Castle and friend to all – Heatherlyn sunk down onto the bench by her sons.  “Oh my... Pages ? To a knight of the realm... Who is Shahjeen?  Oh, My Goodness!!  The stableman forbade them being here,” she said as her voice trailed off.
“Heatherlyn, your boys no longer answer to the stableman Neeley for anything, they answer to me. And we are all very hungry !”
Surprised and not a little astonished Healer Heatherlyn had seen many remarkable things in her life, but by far, so far, this was the most noteworthy.  And as was her want and way to do so well in the past, she went with the flow...  
“Hungry !! Yes eat, please oh please do.  And Pages, my fine sons your Pages... by your leave Sir Knight, yes,” she said with a curtsy,  “By The Grace of Almighty God.”
Luke and the twins started in on the stew as she disappeared through the doorway in a flurry of flying skirts; only to return minutes later with two serving girls in tow all with arms full laden.  In no time fresh pitchers of ale were being poured, the boys had mugs of watered wine and a huge platter of little custard pasties was put upon the table.  At the appearance of this last, the guards, enjoying the treats and the good companionship, lifted their mugs in a silent toast to Luke. Heatherlyn watched with a smile.
“Mama”, the twins said, “we have to get back to duties.  Shahjeen doesn’t like being alone”.
At this she raised her eyebrows.
“My horse.”
“Ahhh” she said.
“Yea Mama, he’s the smartest horse in the world, he talks to us.”
She looked at her sons about to retort...
Ashe:  “Well, almost Mama, it’s kinda horse talk ya know?
Broox:  “We gotta go, okay ? (with a perfunctory nod).
Luke looked at Heatherlyn; she nodded;  and he said, “Off you go lads.”
“Amazing, they haven’t been this happy since... since...” and she disappeared toward the kitchen, tears streaming from her eyes...
Angus the Scotsman’s bass brogue broke the tenuous silence. “Er man, Brookman, went off on crusade all of what?  Six years ago now, and ‘as not been 'eard from since.”
“May God protect him and grant her Peace.”
“Aye, Amen to that Sir Knight.”

Spy
	
Luke lingered and finished his meal. His stomach was full and his spirit felt more at peace than it had in a long time.  He wondered at it.  This place, this castle, these people; it was a kind of peace for his spirit, in spite of, or maybe because of, the brutal events which had occurred.

His thoughts abounded:  ‘He had introduced the twins to the guards and their own mother as his pages without so much as a single hesitation.’
‘Shahjeen had never taken to anyone but somehow these twins were kindred spirits to the great animal – incredible.’
‘Six lethal men attempting to rape three helpless girls, rare; but, all six carrying the weapons of hired fighters --- that spoke of money and organization.’
‘Not at all what would be expected to be found  in the hinterlands of the Scotland border.'
'And above all else a mere slip of a girl, full of attitude with fire in her heart.  All clad in soft brown and green with no presumption; and if anything the sight and smell of The Earth Mother all about her... He remembered the lion from his dreams and that same heady aroma of the earth. His mind was now more neatly wrapping itself around the looks and sounds of her when:'

“I would a word with you Sir Knight,” Ivar said. 
Luke stood, and as he did every man seated at the dining table rose to their feet, he gave them a quick smile, “Be well men”, and turned to the doorway where Captain Ivar waited.
As the guardsmen and master craftsmen of Strathenham sat back down at their table, there was silence.  
The men looked each from one to the other and then to all the others still; first one man, and then all,  raised a clinched fist salute of allegiance and solidarity to their knight, to their castle and to each other.
Words were not spoken.  Words were not needed.  They all gained greater decency and  confidence in giving their respect to this great man.
A few paces along the long enclosed hallway Ivar stopped, “There is much to discuss Sir Knight, walk to the stable with me.  All things are not as they seem here. For openers Neeley is railing to anyone who will listen that you, my friend, are the devil incarnate ascended up from Hades itself.
“And?”, the knight replied.
“And Sir Philburt is in a fit state and seeks you out to demand who you are.”
“I was just coming to look for you,  it’s good you found me.”
“How so?”
“Even in my short time here I’ve seen complex changes going on that you all need to be made aware.”
Frowning, Ivar stopped their progress at the foot of the long stairway to the parapet wall up over the main gate and portcullis; and turned to face the man.
The knight saw the Captain’s face, “ No, please do not misunderstand, these are insights I’ve had that are important to us all.  And there is one change that has occurred that needs to be addressed with the Lord and Lady of the castle.”
“Change?  Here let us go up the less traveled way said Ivar,” as he motioned toward the stairs. It was full dark now, sconces and torch poles were lit through out the castle.
“In point of fact the Lady Heatherlyn has given her blessing for her sons to be my Pages.”

Ivar stopped, took a deep breath, slowly let it out and said, “Change eh; Sir Knight that might more be categorized as an incredible event, wouldn’t you say?”
“Well actually, when you put it quite that way, yes”, said he knight.
“Is there any other way to put it?”
“Well actually, no.  Try to see it from my perspective, this is one of many roads I’ve  been led to travel caused by forces beyond, and most certainly above, my control.”
“For the sake of all the Heavens, why does that not seem to surprise me even one little bit? ”
“Its been that way for a long time.  I can’t say, by any means, that I’m used to it but it has been the normal way of my life. I do what feels right to do.”
Ivar said, “Well, throw into the mix one seriously worried Lord’s son who, by the way is keenly interested in finding out your name (no thanks to my lack of asking it at our first meeting, Ivar thought to himself) and you have complications.”
“Just because I haven’t given you my name doesn’t mean I don’t have one.”
Seeing the knight’s wide grin Ivar smiled back and was going to ask but was struck dumb by the change that occurred before his eyes. The face before him turned to stone, the smile changed to gritted teeth, the violet-blue eyes turned almost black and the knight’s head pivoted as his entire body went into motion.
At that instant the crack of a whip and stifled cry reached Ivar’s ears.  He turned his head towards the sound and saw what the knight has sensed or seen just moments before.  There on the lower walkway below, huddled in a shadowy corner are two children, one huddled over other.  Neeley is shaking the boy’s body and raising a whip to strike again.
Hissing through rotten teeth Neeley croaks, “Pages of a knight are ya’?  Stinking lyin’ little bastards ya’ are and you’ll be breathin’ no more when I’m done with ya’ .”
Ivar attempts to speak but is drowned out by the fierce knight’s shrill battle cry that echoes through the entire castle.  He watches as the warrior in black and white launches himself over the balustrade fifteen feet to the walkway below.
Before the vile whip falls upon the children again Luke Wynnewood slams feet first onto the shoulders of the stable master, driving him head downward into the stone walkway, turning Neeley into a broken whining heap.
Ashe regains his feet and says:  “I wouldn’t let him hit Broox anymore.  He always beats him harder cause it hurts him more.  I let 'im hit me instead, then he gets wore out  and quits.  Broox, you alright?”
In a soothing voice Luke says: “All will be well, he will never hurt anyone again.”
There is no sound from the huddled shaking figure in the corner and the knight places an arm around Ashe’s shoulders.  The lad nods and beckons with his eyes towards his brother.  
Luke bends down,  “Broox, ’tis I, my strong laddie, ‘tis Luke, your knight;  you are safe now, come to me lad.”

+++++

Enarrah ran around the upper wall of the bailey and stood next to Ivar as they looked down on the incredible scene below.  She sees the knight, the magnificent man she has called murderer, bend down and pick up the boy curled into the corner. She can tell that it’s the twins and that the one encircled in the knight’s massive arms is now clinging to the man who holds him. She herself had protected the boys more than once. 
Now here he was safe in the arms of a stranger, being comforted and cared for. In a melodic voice she heard the knight call for the boys mother and saw her appear on the walkway from around the corner of the stonework, her hand flying to her mouth to stifle a cry of anguish.  Ashe ran to his mother and she embraced him.
Heatherlyn’s eyes met the knight's and she was stilled by the calm and the serenity that she saw there.  Still watching Heatherlyn Luke spoke to Broox  whose head was nestled upon his wide shoulder.
“You are the bravest of lads.  You will one day be the bravest of men.  Can you stand now with your brother and go with your mother to give her strength?”
The whispered words were heard by no one else and when Broox lifted his head and nodded Luke set the boy upon his feet.
	
Ashe was at his brother's side in a wink, the two held each other as their mother hugged both of them to her and led them away.  

Luke watched them go and caught a glimpse in the shadows of a tall dignified man in guards clothing walking with the mother and her sons and thought how familiar he looked. 

But his mind was elsewhere, in a place that no one could ever imagine, in a place where no one would ever want to be, not in their worse nightmares.

Enarrah saw Heatherlyn and the boys walk away and thought that she would go to her friend.  She looked back at the Knight, was about to speak but couldn't as the scene below her unfolded to its’ end.  
All she could do was hold fast to Ivar’s arm with both hands and fight back the nausea and fright that tried to take hold of her.
The clinched hands holding tight on Ivar’s upper arm did not go unnoticed and he too was about to speak but found his mind wrapped in a thought that sprang straight from myths and legend.
“Justice lives and breaths, and is garbed in crosses of black and white.”
Ivar must have said it aloud because the hands grabbed tighter on his arm; or, maybe it was the transformation that they both witnessed that ran a hardening grip through Enarrah’s body and mind.
Even from a distance of twenty feet in flickering light the change was evident.  Every muscle in his body corded and rippled as the Knight turned towards the crumpled body of Neeley. 
The Knight bent onto one knee.  
Neeley was still alive and conscious.  He couldn’t move and he could barely breath; shoulder, arm and rib bones all broken asunder.  Through  his blood frothed lips came a whisper, “Who... are... you?”
“Repent,” The knight said.
“Who... are... you?”
“Repent.
“A snarling growl answered,  “Go to hell.”
With deft precision The Knight picked up the lash whip and bent it double. For the second time in as many hours Neeley heard the sound of his whip being snapped  in two and smiled in a pain filled haze waiting for his ears to be boxed.  
What he got was upended, with these few words filling his mind as he was flung over the parapet to the jagged rocks below:  “I am the Reaper and you are my due.”
The knight called out, “Priest !  Attend ! Priest of the castle ! Attend !

+++++

Father Dunkin was just leaving his chapel headed for the main hall when the summons reached him; a commanding urgent summons that spurred his small feet to move faster.  As he entered the open bailey a voice called down to him.  “Good Father, outside the main wall you will find a man crushed upon the rocks; death has just now come to him.  Use all your powers of prayer for the soul of this poor wretch as it passes from this life. Guards open the gate.”
Without hesitation Father Dunkin hurried to the gate and looked at the guards.  They looked up at Ivar with raised hands as the knight commanded, “Open the gate and let the priest do his work or I will come and open it myself.”
Ivar gave a wave of approval and the guards stepped to the task.
When kneeling down Luke had pulled a leather pouch from Neeley’s belt.  He turned and tossed the pouch up to Ivar who caught it with ease.  
Luke and Enarrah’s eyes meet; both are locked into a place where only they exist as a flood of emotions races between them. They are transfixed, one with the other, sharing a warmth and beauty neither has ever known.  
Philburt,  having heard a commotion and an unknown voice booming orders, appears next to Enarrah unaware that his lackey is dead. He calls down: “Who are you to give orders to my guards?”

Shaken from his eye contact with Enarrah and annoyed by it, with tinges of rage still upon him and in no mind for pleasantries Luke called back, “And who might you be?”
Even at this distance in the flickering torchlight Philburt sees the piercing eyes that shift from Enarrah and are now staring back at him.  A shiver runs through him as he stammers,  “I am Philburt, Lord of Castle Elleghane.”
With this pronouncement Enarrah and Ivar look at each other; both knowing full well that this is not true.
Luke’s calls back up: “Then you are the lord who pays his stablemen in gold.”
Ivar remembers the pouch in his hand holds it out and says, “Philburt you had better look at this.”
The young lord blusters and is about to speak out but is stilled when Ivar says in a hard voice: “Philburt, this is the knight who saved our Mistress, we found Neeley beating two children to their death and the knight killed him.”
“He... He... what?”
Ivar opened the pouch and dumped the contents onto the flat stone wall in front of Philburt.
Philburt is about to speak again but hesitates when he saw gold pieces laying in front of him shining in the torchlight.  He looked down at the coins.  
He may have but a rudimentary grasp on the real workings of a castle but he does know money, lying before him are four minted Frankish pieces of gold.  Dawning appears in Philburt’s eyes.
Seeing the look on Philburt’s face Luke says, “Ahh, I see you know who has been paying the spy in your castle...”
Philburt stood in a daze for several moments trying to take it all in, he jerked his head to say a retort, but where there was a man before,  now was only thin air.  
Frustrated, Philburt turned to Ivar, “Did you find out who he is?”
“I was just about to, his next words to me were to be his name.  However, that was just as we came upon the scene below.  I am certain that he has given his name elsewhere in the castle.”
“Elsewhere? What do you mean elsewhere?”
Not wanting to add to Philburt’s already angry state by revealing that the knight, had, from this very castle,  taken not one, but two lads as his Pages, Ivar says, “In the kitchen I believe.”
“In the kitchen!” Philburt blurted, “I don’t care who he is get him out of this castle now, before the hour is up.”
Silent all this time Enarrah begans to protest, but all she can get out are a few words; “Please Philburt, please, but he...”
He cut her short: “It was your idea to have him gone!  So be it!”  Storming off his last words were, “Ivar make sure of it.”
Enarrah stood there, her emotions in a tangle, her feelings flying in every direction. She had just seen this bold warrior display unbridled tenderness and caring for the twins and their mother, then take yet another life, entreat the priest to pray for his soul and to top it off,  have a verbal showdown with Philburt!
Her heart raced and she felt a need far within her she had never known before.  It was his eyes, those violet eyes looking deep into her very spirit that beckoned and called to the core of her.  She knew he too felt the emotion that flowed between them. 
Of a sudden she felt lightheaded and weak and stretched out her hands to steady herself on the stone wall in front of her.  She would never be the same again, inside those beautiful eyes she felt a depth of strength she had not  known existed.
Ivar said, “I must ask him to leave My Lady, and I believe that he will do that.  But I also believe that he will not go far.”
Enarrah regained herself, and with hopeful eyes asked,  “I hope you are right good Ivar.  I pray for the safety and goodness of this man and for the life of me I do not know why.”
Turning away and then cocking his head over his shoulder Ivar said:  “Yes, My Lady, I believe you do know why; if you look within.”
Turning away Enarrah barely notices that this is the first time the captain has addressed her as 'My Lady'. She prays for the safety of the magnificent Black and White Knight as she walks towards Sir William’s chamber.

And Then There Were Two...
  
Ivar walked back over the portcullis stairway knowing where he would find the great knight.  Sure enough, sitting by the fire in the kitchen with the twins and their mother was the mysterious man.  The boys sipped on mugs of warm watered wine and were watching their knight with keen intensity.  Ivar overheard his words.
“...and you’ll never see him again.”
“Has he gone away?” Broox asked.
“You are my pages now, Luke responded; there are many things that you will see and learn to become good squires and honorable knights.”
“Yes Sir Luke,” they both said, with rapt attention.
“The first thing that you learn this very day is that an honorable knight will speak the truth even if it means his death.  So I will tell you the truth now; Neeley is not just gone, he is dead.”
Several moments went by and the boys both nodded, looked at each other and gave their mother and then one another hugs of relief.
Having heard this and knowing what he must do Ivar could not help himself from thinking that this truly was a good man, a great asset to any castle... and he, Ivar, most certainly did not want this man to leave.  For the love of all the saints, this man by his right actions had prevented terrible death and untold tragedy for a place whose name he did not even know.  Ivar felt the dread build up inside him like a stone block in a fortress wall.  His duty was to ask this man to leave but his conscience would not let him find a way to say the words.
He just didn’t happen to think of a third option but it presented itself.
Luke saw the boys looking over his shoulder and had expected it to be Capt. Ivar.
Heatherlyn hugged her sons’ shoulders to her. “Sir Luke, how is it that you choose my sons?”
“Because they both have true hearts and both know the importance of their duty; and right now their duty is to bring to the stable the bag containing a days worth of food for me that I will need for my journey.  And during the short time I am gone they are to do their best in the stable to set things right.
So his name is Sir Luke.  Ivar found himself awash in admiration.  This young man half his age had been intuitive enough to understand that his leaving would hurt the twins feelings, so in the same breath he gives them greater responsibilities to bolster their pride.
“Your duty is clear, right lads?”
“Yes Sir Knight,” they both said.
“Good. Be off with your mother and give her help if she needs it and Captain Ivar and I will be on our way to the stable.”
Ivar let out an audible breath as Luke turned and approached. “Is part of your title also Solver of Mysteries?” he asked.
“Philburt sent you to oust me did he not?”
“He did just that and with all due haste I might add.”
“I figured as much, your Lord makes decisions in haste that belie his true worth; and, I sensed you might be in somewhat of a predicament.”
“And thankful I am for your insight,” Ivar said.
“The least I could do for a friend.”
“A  friend you say,”  replied Ivar.
“I have no doubt of it Captain.  Knowing friend or foe is one ability I have that has not failed me since I grew to manhood.”
“And pray tell, what might this ability involve?”
“I can recognize a man of true heart,” Luke said.
“I have noticed that about you, quite a gift; and it seems to extend to women and children and no doubt horses as well.”
“It’s a blessing, and has saved my life more than once.”
“So what, perchance, do we do now?” asked Ivar.
“As you have come to understand, this castle and all within are in grave peril.  Be constantly on your guard Ivar; and double the men on watch for where there are assassins and spies there soon will be battles and war.”
“I see the truth of it and will do as you say.  What of you?”
“I will go, but I will be back soon, just as I told the twins.”
Before he could catch himself Ivar said, “The Lady Enarrah will be glad to hear it.”
“And Lady Enarrah would be?”
“The satin haired spitfire dressed plain as day whose lovely life you saved just a short time ago and the same lady whose heart you looked into just minutes ago.”
“Ahhh...  Enarrah... Her name is beautiful, as is she herself.  Your Lady sees me as a killer.”
“Actually, Sir Knight, my Lady sees what she has never seen before.”
“And that might be?”
“A man with a true heart, as you would say; but also one who not only knows what justice is, but is the essence of justice itself.”
“That’s a tall order.”
“Your modesty becomes you as do your actions.  You are the most forthright man I have ever known.”
“She is young.”
“She carries the look of youth into womanhood.  She has a keen mind and extensive abilities.  Not only does she oversee the day to day workings of this castle she is also a healer, having learned the art from our Heatherlyn.”
“Now that  is an altogether interesting and complicated woman, your Heatherlyn.  Though she is a most wonderful cook I surmise that she belongs in apron strings about as much as I do,” Luke said.
“Again you are most correct.  You formally addressed her as Lady, did you not?”
“I did for a fact, it seemed natural to do so.”
“It gave her quite a start.”
“How so?”
Ivar stared at Luke without answering, Luke stared back... finally Ivar looked around as if he were inspecting the stonework.”
Luke got it then. “Now I’m the one not surprised.  You can see the strengths and determination there. And few know about the Lady in the kitchen?”
“Very few.”
“Understood, take my hand on it.”
Ivar clasped the forearm of that extended to him  and said:  “And I, Capt. Ivar Thorgoodson would be honoring the hand of Sir Luke....?”
“Wynnewood, Good Captain; and duties aside, I would wish to see the Lady Enarrah before I go.”
Ivar turned to leave and said:  “I will see if can be done.”
Luke made his way toward the stable.  When he is almost there a voice calls to him.
“You may have to leave this place, but you won’t have to leave alone.”
Turning towards the voice, a face appears from the shadows along with a hundred memories that go with it.
“Robert !  By the grace of all the saints above !  Robert Verregon, the hero of Acre !
The man smiles as each clasps the other arms in a fierce show of friendship and respect.
“Indeed, ‘tis I Sir Ghost.”
“Indeed is it?  You are one of the few whom I would let call me such. Thankful I am that it is in private that you did so.  But wait, what is this?  Where are your colors and how came you here?”
“Upon my return to Britain I wandered.  It was this place that found me as much as I found it.  I am needed here.  As for my colors, a poor knight gains little work but a guard is paid for his strong arm. Here I am just Robert the Good.”
“But what of the King’s court?  Surely there...”
“I have had my fill of intrigue, thank you very much.  I’ve been trying to find you ever since I heard of the knight dressed in black and white that saved Enarrah.  I knew it was you, but every time I made my way to some part of the castle where you had been seen,  you had already left there.  And it was I came with Heatherlyn to fetch the rescued twins from you, but t'was not a time for words.  I’ll collect my gear now and go with you.”
“Wait good friend, it is good to see you and it would be even better to have you at my side for the next day or two, but a greater need presents itself.  Elleghane is on a dangerous path and you would better serve by staying here. This was not my original destination but all that has happened since my arrival reflect that great harm is soon to come here.  I would do all that I can to help these good people. Besides that, now my pages are here as well and I would ask a boon from you that you watch over them until my return.”
“You are right, as usual.  There is a foreboding that hangs over this castle, and it bodes nothing but ill. And of course I will watch over the twins while you’re away, they are special to me as well.  Even without hearing of The Black and White Knight with two swords, having heard the story of your compassion for those two lads, I would have know without a doubt that it was none other ‘cept you about whom they talked.”

“Thank you for your kind words Robert, now I must make haste.  Before I do I must tell you what fills my heart.  You know I was the unwilling guest of Calif Al Jafar at his opulent palace for weeks.  He is a good and decent man.  We spent hours in conversation and meditation together.  
One day he stood looking at that which he loved most in all the world and he said to me, 'She is every woman I thought I'd ever have and she is every woman I thought I'd never have.  Anam Cara'.  I was speechless and in awe of his words.  
He said to me, 'If you were truly blessed you will be enlightened'.  
Since looking into Enarrah's eyes a few minutes ago I can think of nothing else.”
“Anam Cara; powerful words and I know them well,” Robert said, “they are ancient and Celtic in origin. They mean you are one with each other, that she will go through all of time with you.”
Luke whispered as he walked away, “would that it were just so, for I believe she already has.”
Robert called, “Wait, just a short time more, there are things you must need know.”
Luke replies from the darkness of the corridor, “Time has gone and so must I be, least Captain Ivar or any others come under the lash of Philburt’s tongue on my account.  I will return tomorrow or the day after and all will be told.  Keep my trust, and stay well my brother.”  
And he was gone.
A soft spoken prayer followed him, “God be with you Wynnewood the Brave.”

+++++

Entering the stable Luke hears talk between his pages, Shahjeen's hooves on the stable floor and the sound of cooing and flapping wings.  He expected the lads to be here ahead of him due to delays on the way.  He didn’t quite expect cooing, wings and the subject of there conversation.  
His horse is blanketed, bridled and stands idly in the center isle as a beautiful goshawk,  all browns and blacks and whites sits on a stall nearby. The twins banter back and forth and the two animals seem to be a natural part of the conversation.
“Aw, come on Ashe, you know he likes me better.” (flutter of wings) 
“No he doesn’t brother, he likes me better.” (hooves on the floor)

“Well, maybe some of the time but not all.” 
“All right, maybe some of the time, and me the rest of the time.”
“Okay, and you the rest of the time. Let’s ask him.”
“Okay.”
Luke thinks he is ready for the question but soon discovers he is not the solver of all mysteries.  Young boys are a mystery unto themselves...
“Shahjeen, who do you like better, Broox or me?”
The great horse has been nudging the boys as they move to and fro, each taking turns patting his neck or flanks; but, upon issuance of the question stands stock still, not even blinking.  Luke laughs out loud.
“My good Pages, when he stands like that it means he won’t answer.  Ask him in a different way.”
“You try Broox, I asked already.”
“Okay.  Shahjeen you like me and Ashe best most of the time right?”
At this the grey stallion nods his head up and down, his long mane flying.
“And this must be Simon Peter” Luke said.
 
“That's him alright, he's stayed when all the other hawks flew away.  We had to let 'em all go 'cause Neeley was mean to 'em and would na' let us care for 'em.” Broox said. 

“Yea,” Ashe said,  “he's our good friend and Shahjeen's too; and he must be yours  'cause if he di' not like ya' ya' would not see him at all.”  

“Sir Luke, The Black and White Knight, let it be my honor to present Simon Peter”, said Broox with formality.

Luke bowed to the great bird, “A pleasure Simon Peter,” and to his amazement the creature extended his wings to their full width, fluttered them, then refolded his wings  along his sleek body.

Smiling both boys say, “Yup, 'e likes ya' fer sure now.” 
They stand one to a side of Shahjeen each with an arm draped up on Shahjeen’s neck as Luke throws his saddle up and adjusts the straps.  He dons his brigandine, doublet and broad sword and sees the question in both boys’ eyes.
“You both would be of great help to me on this journey but this time it will serve better that the two of you be here at the castle, to be my eyes and ears while I am gone.”
The Pages look a little less forlorn as Luke continues, “Besides, you both have castle duties as well, there are new horses to be tended and there will be more.  I expect a full report from each of you upon my return.  I will not be long and when I get back there will be a great many things to be done.”
At this last pronouncement, they both exclaim,  “Yes Sir Luke.”
“Good lads, now be off to your beds, it’s been a hard day.  Give your mother my thanks for the food and say your prayers.  We all have much to be thankful for this day.”  

He places a hand on each boys shoulder and ushers them towards the door.  It is Broox who turns back first, just an instant before his brother; and they run back to Luke hugging themselves to him.  He embraces both, “Thank you my trusted pages, now off you go, so your mother won’t be worried that you’ve taken to the road with me.”

As they go they stop and turn for one last wave and then are gone.  Luke turns to look at the great bird once again but Simon Peter has gone, without a sound. 
Luke sends up a silent prayer for them all, hoping beyond hope that he will see Lady Enarrah before he leaves.  What will he say?  What can he say?  He doesn’t know, she has stirred within him feelings he thought were impossible to feel.  Maybe he will know when he looks into those beautiful emerald eyes again... Anam Cara
Luke rechecks his gear, slowly.


Back From The Dying

Enarrah was a few steps from the chamber door and stopped.  She had to wait for a few moments to settle her beating heart, she tried to convince herself it came from hurrying through the halls and not from seeing the amazing knight.  He had some great goodness all about him, as if it were a part of him. His acts of violence seemed to pale in comparison with his acts of kindness, even when they were intertwined. She was more confused than ever and she resolved to set him out of her mind and concentrate on her patient.
As she readied herself to see Sir William, familiar footsteps behind her tell her of the presence of Ivar.
	
“My Lady, the knight  wishes to see you before he leaves.”
	
Her heart skipped a beat. “Why does he wish to see me?”  'Her mind races from one possibility to another, not finding an answer.'
	
“I know not, but it must be a matter of some importance or he would not have asked to see the ‘Lady of the Castle’.”
She tenses and rings her hands.

“It can only be a matter that bodes for good My Lady.”
She looks at her hands and slowly puts them down to her sides.  “I cannot.”

Captain Ivar waits.
“No, no, I cannot, I must attend to Lord William, I am already late.”

“As you wish, I will ask his purpose.”
She can only nod her head as Ivar turns and walks away.  She takes several deep breaths and steadies herself.

+++++

Luke was checking his gear, for the second time.
“Lady Enarrah regrets she cannot see you and asks that you relate the purpose of your request.”
Shahjeen sidled over, shifting his weight.

“Ivar, you are a man of men and so I will tell you it is just as well your fair lady has refused to see me, for I am awash in a sea of emotions.”
“Thank you for your trust Sir Luke. She is a remarkable woman and her heart has known little but anguish these long months. I would do all in my power to see that she suffered no more it.”

“I‘ll take that to my heart. Now I must be gone.”
	
Luke took three gold coins and handed them to Ivar as he led a now relaxed Shahjeen from the stable.
“What are these for?”

“The matter I wish to discuss with your lady. The first two are to secure the twins as my pages from this holding. The last for new clothes. They will never wear rags again and Gavin is working on their boots and vests.”
A smile cracked the corners of Ivar’s wide face. “This is not the reason I thought of your purpose to see Lady Enarrah.  I will relay your wishes to her and, you have my respect and gratitude.”

“One final thing Captain, among your ranks is a man known as Robert the Good, you know of him do you not?”
	
“I do indeed, he’s the best of the lot, bar none, no mere guard that. Each time I  try to advance him, he has refused.”
Luke smiles and Ivar asks, “You know this man?”
	
“He is a Knight, a great and noble knight.  If need be, Sir Robert Verregon of Rangeley will fight by your side to the death to defend this place.”
“As you say.”

Luke clasps Ivar by the forearm and says, “A plan well made and deeds well done, I am away.”
Sir Luke mounts his horse and rides through the gate into the darkness.
	
Ivar thinks to himself: 'There is hope for Strathenham.  Luke Wynnewood is his name.'

+++++

As Enarrah entered Sir Williams chamber she leaves the door ajar to let in some of the fresh air.
She busied herself organizing for a few minutes, trying to calm down and concentrate.  She straightened linens on a dresser and curtains on one window.
	
She turned back to the bed and Sir William was propped on his pillows breathing softly.  Thinking him asleep she went about her routine.
With a rustling of bed clothes she turned to see that he was watching her. Good, she thought, 'he’s awake'.  She went to the side table to mix the brew of fresh herbs that she gave to Sir William each day.
	
“You’re late.”

She glanced at the table opposite, next to his bed and saw that his supper had barely been touched.
Trying to organize her thoughts she said, “You have not eaten, was it not appealing?”
	
“You’re late, you are never late.”
Trying to rein in her raging emotions and downplay the excitement of the day she steadied herself,
	
“There were some outlaws apprehended outside the castle.”
“Come fix my pillows lass.”
	
She helped him lean forward and fluffed the pillows behind his back so he sat straighter.
As his eyes watched her movements, in a whisper he said “No, not that... not that surely... that wasn’t it.  I could not have heard sounds from outside the castle walls.  A war cry from my past ran through my head. I must have been dreaming of my days in the crusades and the din of battle.”
	
She froze.

“Ahh, there is something. I can see it in the very look of you. You look as nervous as a cat on a hot rock. To top it off, Philburt has not been in to pester me all day. What’s going on my Cornish lassie?”
Enarrah turned back trying to think of what to say.  He would have none of that and gently grasped her arm and said, “Sit down girl.”

She didn’t know whether to run or to scream so she did the next best thing.  She sat down on the edge of the bed, dropped her head into her hands and began to weep.
“There, there my wee lassie, what’s all this. Everything will be fine, Uncle William will make it so. “
Her sobs started over again, “Oh,  I’ve made a terrible mess of things. What am I to do?”
	
She realized her hands, face and dress were wet with tears. The next thing she realized was the goblet of wine being pushed into her hands. When she opened her eyes,  there standing before her in his dressing gown, hair tousled, was Sir William.
“Here young lady,  you need this more than I do.”
	
She looked up into his eyes and he smiled down at her, “You're... you’re standing. You can walk. It’s a miracle.”
	
“Nay gelle, ‘tis no miracle. I never said I couldn’t walk. I just chose not to. The same as I chose not to live life as I should these long months. The same as I chose not to leave this room, because of the pain in my heart that I  am unable to bear or to face.”
“Then,” stammering, “then --- you’re not dying?”
	
“Well, yes and no. My heart has been dying a little each day since I came home to find my sweet Violet gone.  But my body, it seems, won’t let my heart give up. Enough of that. What is it has happened that has caused  you to be in such a tizzy? Take a sip of the wine to settle yourself and start at the beginning.”
“It was so terrible, he killed those men and Neeley too. But he’s just so wonderful and caring, but it was so terrible. Oh, I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what to think.  He looks at me with those midnight eyes and my stomach gets warm and my knees get weak. Oh, Sir William it is all my fault, what am I do do?”
	
“What man has done all this ?”

“The knight that came to my rescue when we were attacked in The Darks.” 
“A knight you say?  What is his name?”
“He never gave it Uncle William, not to me anyway and I never had time to ask. The second time was when Neeley was beating the stable boys and the knight crushed him and threw him over the parapet.” She shuddered remembering the gruesome event.  None of this would have happened if I had not gone outside the castle walls without an escort.”
William remembers.  “Then it was a war cry but Lord in Heaven surely not the one I believe it to be.”

“War cry,” she said, “It was a sound I thought no man or beast could ever make.  It chilled me to the bone.”
	
Getting himself a glass of wine William says, “Describe this knight to me.”
	
“He is tall and handsome with violet eyes that turn to black when the fury is upon him and he has light colored hair.”
“Like the sun?”

“Yes, yes, like the sun.”
“Tell me how he acted when first you saw him.”

“He whirled between the six men who attacked Mairi, Elsbeth and I.  It was all a blur, all at once; and even though I saw it I still can’t believe it.  He... he... danced among them and they were all dead. It was horrible and graceful all at once, and the confusing part is that I could sense no evil in him whatever.”
Enarrah looked away realizing what she had said.
	
“What colors did he wear?”

Thinking that Sir William had missed  the last part of what she said, she replied ,“They were not really colors, just alternating black and white with a cross on every square.”
	
“And did he have two swords, one long and one shorter that was curved?”

“Why yes,” she replied, not able to hide her surprise. “How did you know?”
	
“Because,” he said. “There can be only one man in all the world as you have described. I know this man, your knight, very well.”
She stared at him, speechless and in disbelief.

“I tell you this Enarrah, there is a reason for your knees to go weak and belly warm when your thoughts turn to him.”
Afraid he will not continue she entreats, “Please, I pray you, go on.”

Your divining skill does not deceive you.  Because you see, my dear young lady, there is no evil in him whatever.  There is no kinder, more decent man anywhere.”
Now on her guard, she says, “My  ---  divining  --- skill?”

“Now don’t be gettin’ all skittery on me lass, I know of your special gifts.  I’ve  expected you to have them.  Your mother Pauline had them and to a lesser degree your Aunt Violet.  It was your Grandmother Alicia the Kind who was truly blessed.  She could divine the motives of men by hearing their words and the manner of their presence. And if they touched her hand she instantly knew if they were good or evil and to what degree.  An amazing woman she was.”
“Aunt Violet told me as much, Uncle William, but I never knew that you had the knowledge of it as well.  I often have deep feelings of Grandmother”

“It’s no small wonder that, for you favor her in many ways.  She was revered and respected by all of us who knew and loved her, and; she was reviled by people of deceit and treachery.  Do not shun your gifts dear girl, embrace them.  But, enough of that for now, your secret is safe with me; right now we have other matters to attend to.
	
“This knight is full of kindness.  He held young Broox the stable boy as a father would hold his own son.  Uncle, what is his name?”

“Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco, the youngest man to have ever been knighted by the hand of King Baldwin The Jerusalem.”
	
‘Luke Wynnewood’, his name feels like a warm summer wind, drifting through her mind and around her heart.
They sit in silence, sipping their wine.

“Where is he now lass?”
“Oh no, it is all my fault,” Enarrah said and the tears begin again.

“Easy lass easy. What is your fault?”
“Oh, Uncle William, after the attack in The Darks in a rush of indignation I told Philburt to send him away.  Later on, after he killed Neeley,  Philburt was furious and did sent him away.
	
“Stableman Neeley,  pile of offal more the like... more than once I had thought to leave this room and put an end to him myself.”
Tears running down her cheeks as a whisper passes from her lips, “Luke is gone.”
	
“No, no he is not. If he is not here right now,  he is not far away.”

“Do you really think so?”
“As the good Lord is my Maker, I know so.”

“Tell me about him Uncle.”
We lived and fought together in the Holy Land.  He was knighted after his first battle and the king assigned me to mentor him in the ways of battle and court life.  He is no longer a specter in the mist or a whispered legend, he is back!”
	
“A specter?”

“Yes, he disappeared from the Battle of the City of Jerusalem.  Since that day whenever a soldier or warrior has spoken of The Ghost; it has been of Luke Wynnewood that they speak.  Since he has journeyed this far through Northern Britain others know as well that our Black and White Knight is alive and well.”
“What can we do?  The killers that attacked my maids and I were sent from Lord Alexander and Neeley was his spy inside these walls; all this was revealed by Sir Luke.  Philburt told the knight that he, Philburt, was Lord of Elleghane and ordered Captain Ivar to send Luke away.  He asked to see me before he left but I refused.”
	
“Fear not Enarrah; there is a great deal we can do.  The first thing is for you to say nothing about myself and Sir Luke.  I wager that with Philburt bandying about his mother’s surname that Luke doesn’t even know I am here.”
	
“Actually Uncle William, Philburt told Sir Luke that he was the lord of this castle.”
“Did he now?  The young upstart; we'll soon change that.”

There came a quiet knock at the door.  The voice without inquired:  “Lady Enarrah, this is Captain Ivar, I need speak with you.”
“I’m going to enjoy this... go to the door and tell him to wait just a minute,” instructed Sir William.
Going to the door she tells the Captain to wait and watches in amazement as Sir William scurries around sets goblets aside, scrambles into bed, pulls on the covers and feigns sleep. He nods to her and says, “Bid him enter and make sure he is alone.”

A small smile played on her lips as she understood what William was up to; she opened the door a crack and asked Ivar, “Are you alone?”
The Captain saw her smile and was perplexed.  He looked up and down the corridor and said, “Why yes, I am.”
	
She opened the door and said, “Come in.”

“All I need is a word, I don’t wish to disturb Lord William.”
“Please come in!”she said in a loud whisper.
	
He hesitated and was amazed when she reached forward and pulled him through the door.  Ivar stared at Enarrah; the dear Lady of the castle had never laid hands upon him before.  To the proper Captain it was dissembling, as he stared at her, speechless, she shut and bolted the door.
He was watching her still, trying to recover himself when a voice from behind him said: “You’re going to have to do better than that lassie, if we’re going to make this all work.”
He turned to see Sir William Northerland sitting straight up in bed waving a wary finger at Lady Enarrah.  She walked the few steps forward and gave a curtsy flowing her dress to the sides as she did and saying sweetly, “Yes Uncle William.”
	
Captain Ivar looked first at Enarrah then at Lord William and managed to say, “Lord, you are well?”
“Very nearly so... well, I’m working at it anyway.  Pull up a chair Ivar, we have to talk and I believe you have a message for this young lady, do you not?”
	
“Yes, Lord William, as a matter of fact I do.”
And it is from the Black and White Knight, is it not?”
“Indeed it is my lord.”

“Then, pray tell man; give her the message and take a seat, you look positively pale.”
“Yes, my Lord, thank you.”

Ivar took a chair from nearby, brought it to the bed and sat, taking three coins from his pocket as he did so.
“Sir Luke regrets that Lady Enarrah would not see him in person and told me the reason for his request.”
	
Ivar handed the three gold coins to Enarrah and said, “Two of the coins are for the twins page ship as recompense to the castle and the third coin is for their colors and new clothes.”
“There’s been no pages here in eighty years.  Just like him” William said,  “He does us this great honor and knows not that I am even the Lord here..”
Enarrah stared down at the three coins in her hand. A small fortune.
She looked at Sir William who said, “This is Luke all over... a proper knight and gentleman.”
“I told him just the same, my lord,” and his voice trailed off. Ivar could speak no further because of the sight of his good Lord in such improved health and good humor.
	
“Enarrah, give our good captain here some wine before he swoons. You young lady are going to be busy. No one else is to know of my improved condition, just yet. I will reveal myself in my own good time. And, no more giggles.”   He looked at Enarrah.
With a straight face and perfect posture, Enarrah curtsied, giggled said, “Yes, my lord.”

“Firstly, have my bath filled. Secondly, have Bertrand sent up to me and lastly, have Heatherlyn send up two of her little meat pies and some of your Honeyspice wine.”
	
Enarrah held out her hand containing the coins, “What of these?”
“Put them away, we will soon set all accounts to right.”

She put the coins in her skirt pocket and headed to the door to accomplish her tasks.
“Ivar, tell me all that has happened and leave out no detail.”

Ivar related all the incidents involved around the arrival of Sir Luke. There was  admiration reflected in the voice of the captain.  After an hour of discourse, Ivar left with instructions on castle security; and, to tell his sons they were summoned.
Feeling he had somehow in some way been redeemed, Ivar said, “Is there anything else you wish me to do for you Sire?”
	
Lord William gave him a long look and said, “Ivar, you have been a good and trusted Captain.  I will tell you this, with Wynnewood here, there will be a reckoning.
Heatherlyn herself came up from the kitchen with the pies and the wine. She set the tray down on the table next to the bed as Sir William watched, feigning sleep.  Before turning away she folded her arms across her ample chest and said, “It is good to have you back my lord.”
	
Opening his eyes William said,“Not a word Madame Stewardess.”

“Not a word my lord.”
“Congratulations about the twins.”

Sir Luke is a Godsend Lord William, he saved the lives of my boys. “
“Dear Lady, I am even more indebted to him for that; prepare for a banquet in one weeks time, a grand one, with all the frills.”
	
“As you wish Lord William,” and she left.

Sir William sat sipping wine with his mind on many things. Not the least of which was knowing full well that Enarrah was directly in harm’s way.

Revelation

Philburt wandered through the castle trying to organize his thoughts. He  fingered the pouch containing the gold coins.  Neeley had been a spy for Shafterly,  Alexander’s hired thug.  So the activities in the castle were all known to Lord Alexander.  But to what end?  What could there be here that could interest the lord enough to pay solid gold coin to a miscreant like Neeley?  What could Neeley possibly tell him that was of such importance?
Philburt felt pangs of conscience about telling the knight that he was lord of the castle and felt even worse for sending him away.  After dispatching seven enemies of the household the knight was not a threat, but the Acting Lord could not come to grips with the man’s arrogance at giving orders to the castle priest and his guards. Where in heavens' name had this man come from?
He was brought out of his own thoughts with the clomping of feet and the clatter of weapons. He looked round to find that he had walked into the bailey and groups of guards were moving to and fro, many with bows and full quivers.  He had given no orders for bowmen or increases in the number of guards on duty. He stopped a passing group of men and asked, “Where is Captain Ivar?”
“In the armory, Sir Philburt.”
“In the armory? Are  you sure?”
“Yes, Lord Philburt, just now.”
Philburt strode through the bailey from the barbicon to the base of the north tower. As he entered through the armory door, more guards came out. He was becoming agitated. 'What in the name of blue blazes was going on?'
 As he caught sight of Ivar he exclaimed, “I gave no orders for more guards or archers.”
“No, Lord Philburt, you did not,” Ivar stated.
His face reddening with anger, he shouted, “Well, then who did?”
As calm as before Ivar stated, “The Lord of Strathenham Castle, and he wishes to see you.”
Philburt went pale. In a barely audible voice he questioned, “father?”
“Yes, the very same, and  it was by his order that we are fortifying the castle defenses.”
With a sudden flash of thought, Philburt said, “Wait, did the knight do this? Where is that knight? You should have sent him away.”
“Yes, Sir Philburt, Sir Luke is gone from the castle.”
“Sir Luke? His name is Sir Luke? Sir Luke what?”
“Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco,” Ivar stated.
Philburt turned away thinking to himself.  'My father did this? My feeble, on his deathbed father, did this?'  Philburt strode through the bailey up to the staircase, half way up he met Enarrah coming down, her arms full of black and white linens.
Philburt stopped her and asked, “What is all of this? Have you taken over the laundress duties as well?”
“Why no Philburt,” she answers politely. “These clothes are for the Pages.”
“Pages? There are no Pages at Strathenham. Of whom do you speak?”
Hiding a smirk Enarrah quipped, “Why I speak of the two stable boys,  Heatherlyn’s twins, Broox and Ashe.”  She waits, there is no response.
Philburt is struck dumb.

Finally, in a low irritated tone he says, “There was no petition for Pages from this castle.”
Enarrah says, “No, there was no petition made to you.”
His anger peaking again and unable to stop himself Philburt blurts out, “Then who is responsible for this?”  And at that very instant he knows the answer.
Before he can stop her reply, Enarrah says.  ”I am afraid that is something you will have to take up with the Lord of Strathenham.”
Philburt moans as he turns away hearing the final words, vaulting up the steps three at a time. He is running by the time he gets to his fathers chamber door. Before bursting in, he gathers his wits and knocks. The voice that greets him from within is not weak and is not feeble and is one that he has not heard for a long time. A voice that he thought never to hear again...and it says one word, “Enter.”
To stop his trembling hand, his knuckles turn white as he grips the latch and opens the door. He walks in and with an intake of breath takes in the sight before his eyes. As he has been want to do every time he has entered this room during his fathers illness he looks at the bed first. It is empty, and neatly made. The room is orderly with candles lit everywhere and the smell of flowers fill the air. There, sitting at his writing table is his father. He is washed and shaved, dressed in an immaculate scarlet tunic trimmed with white ermine and blue piping. The Elleghane colors. His cheeks are flushed and hardy as he sits scribing upon parchment.
Feeling as if he were a child again waiting for a lecture. A small voice says, “Father?”
William looks up and Philburt sees the penetrating eyes that look right inside him, as they always did. Watching, he sees his father get up, walk across the room to the casement window, close it, and draw shut the heavy velvet drapes.  As he walks back to his desk he slaps Philburt on the shoulder and says, “Not to worry lad there is nothing that you have done so serious that it cannot be undone.”
As William sits, Philburt sees the lithe grace of movement that are his fathers trademark. Philburt feels the floor falling out beneath his feet and says, “But, you were ill... you were dying?”
William answers, “Ill yes. Sick at heart yes. Dying? Well, yes even that. But I am recovering.  I am almost as surprised as you.  All thanks to sweet Enarrah and her new friend.
“New friend?”
“Why yes, I believe he saved her life as well as the lives of several others in this castle.”
Filled with anger Philburt almost begins to retort but thinks of the words that his father has spoken, realizes their truth and he says nothing.  All pretext fails him and he says, “I must sit down.”
The voice is back and replies, “Before you do that go fetch your two brothers and bring them.”
As Philburt turns William says, “Have a glass of a wine before you go son, a little refreshment always does a body good.”
Philburt drains a cup and stares at the bottom feeling confusion sneak up in him.
A reassuring voice says, “Son?”
“Yes, father?”
“This castle is in the midst of a hard way. I need you to gather all your wits and strength to help all of us.”
Hearing the words that he has never heard before Philburt says “You need my help?”
“Yes, son, I do.”
A real strength comes from deep within Philburt, the strength of his youth and he says, “Then you shall have it father!”
Passing down the hall Philburt encounters Enarrah. He stops and says, “You knew.”
With a broad smile she says. “Yes.  He became himself just a short while ago.  Oh, dear Philburt, I could not thwart your father’s plan to tell you of his recovery himself.”
Philburt muses. “It is almost like he was never ill. He is his old self.  It is like he is young again, as if we were his boys again.”
Enarrah hears the note of change in Philburt’s voice and she says, “He has his faith back.”
“Yes, it seems he does, as do I as well.”
“I am glad of it Philburt, truly glad, for I love your father dearly.”

“Thank you little cousin,” he says with a smile and slight bow.
They pass on.
Recognizing her knock upon his door William bids her enter. He is still at his desk writing.  She sees the man she looked up to as a little girl, and who has been in her care for these many months. Ever the brooding hen she says, “You have just come back to us from a long trial, please Uncle William you must not overtax yourself.” She walks to her medicine table and begins mixing, “I’ll fix you a tisane to help you rest.”
“T’were my choice I would have none of your foul concoctions ever again. In truth, to you, I am weary and your tonics do make me feel better. Leave me your mixture and as soon as I have seen my boys I’ll drink your foul stuff and go to bed. You young lady must also need rest. You have had the longest day of your life and there will be many long ones to come.”
She nods her head, “Thank you, Uncle William, sleep calls me, I am to my bed.”
“Good gel, on the way then, and tell Heatherlyn that we break our fast in the great hall at first light.”
“Yes, Sir William.” She says as she goes.
As she heads to the kitchen to relay William’s message her mind and her heart keep going back to one subject – Sir Luke Wynnewood.  She prays and hopes, that her knight will soon return.  She didn’t know how long she had been thinking of him as her knight.   It just felt right.  Her knight...

Missions

Heading downstairs through the bailey, Philburt knows that he will find Thomas in the stable.  His thoughts are racing but his father’s entreaty for his help is forefront in his mind. He stands looking around the great castle. It somehow looms larger than it did that morning. The great stones of the masonry and the big hanging tapestries seem to loom over him. Yet, he doesn’t feel smaller or lessened, a greater feeling from his young adulthood washes over him. It was an ingrained sense of purpose but one that had been reinforced to himself and his brothers by their father’s teachings. 
They were all a physical part of this vast structure and the bonds between family were as important as the mortar between the stone to keep the castle strong and able to endure. It had been years since  he had thought of these things and now they seemed all great and new again.  His conscience nagged at him for sending Sir Luke away.  As he walked into the stable yard he wondered how his brothers would react to their father’s return.
Thomas was standing next to rail fence as Philburt approached. He said to his youngest brother, “We have been summoned.”
A look of surprise caught Thomas’  face. “Summoned? Summoned by whom?”
“By father.”
Caught off guard Thomas stutters, “Our father... is he??”
“He is hale and hearty.” Philburt said, not able to suppress the smile that quirked the corner of his mouth at the look at Thomas’ astonishment.
Coming back to his senses Thomas replies, “Surely, you jest.”
“I do not.”
Thomas stands for a few moments then grabs his brother by his shoulders and shakes him saying, “Is it true? Is it really true?”

Philburt’s smile broadens and he reaffirms, “Yes, it is really true.”
Catching himself Thomas unhands his brother looking a little chagrined at his overt show of affection. He says, “Then we must go to him, oh, wait, we must find Randolph. He will be even more amazed than I am.  I loath to say it but Randolph had thoughts that he would be forever squashed under the thumb of you, his overbearing big brother.
Philburt replied, “It is a time for awakening and change. From the look on father’s face Randolph may soon find himself extremely busy.”
“You have seen him? What’s he like? Is he truly himself?”
“You shall see for yourself. Let’s find our middle brother.”
“I think I know where he is.”
Philburt extends a hand. “After you.”
Through the castle toward the east tower they move with a purpose.
Thomas exclaims, “I can’t believe it, I just can’t believe it.”
They round a bend in the wall and find Randolph with two of the guards checking their weapons. He looks up, takes a diminutive half step backwards and says, “Oh grief and bother, the two of you together, that doesn’t bode well. Captain Ivar has had me inventorying and categorizing our weapons and I am to give him my report on the morrow.”
Keeping a straight face Thomas defers to his older brother who says, “You have been summoned.”
Looking Philburt up and down and then looking Thomas up and down Randolph says, “By whom?”
With steady calm voices they both answer, “Father.”
Without missing a step Randolph launches into a verbal tirade waving his arms. “I knew it. He’s dying isn’t he and he wants to see us all before he goes.  I just knew it.  I talked to the cute little serving girl that brought him his breakfast and she said that he was listless and weak, I‘m in for it now. I like you well enough Philburt but with father gone you’ll make my life miserable.”
Looking very stern and having toyed with the thought of letting his brother think his rantings were true Philburt decided to tell him the true state of things.
Before he could speak, Randolph was off again, “I knew it. I am going to be  miserable for years to come. I’ll never see that cute little princess at court again and I’ll be stuck here ‘til I’m old and gray...”
Before he could go on Philburt interrupted saying, “Ahhh, no.”
Startled, Randolph looked up into his brothers eyes and asked. “No! What do you mean no? No what?”
Philburt couldn’t resist the temptation. He let the silence of the moment linger on and watched as his all too often quick to judge brother squirmed like a fish at the end of a hook.
Thomas couldn’t stand it any longer and urged. “Go on Philburt, tell him.”
In a whisper Philburt confided as he leaned forward, “Father is well and has summoned the three of us.”
Philburt watched with intense inner amusement as the moments passed by and Thomas  extended a hand under Randolph’s chin and closed his gaping mouth.
Randolph looked at his little brother and Thomas said, “Tis true; Philburt has seen him.”
Randolph turned back toward his oldest brother and Philburt urged, “We must go.”

+++++

Sir William reread the last of the letters he had written.  He folded it, placed his wax seal upon it and laid his hands upon it in front of him on the desk. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes and his thoughts returned to a time long before. It seemed a lifetime ago that he had first met the young and brash soldier that had become the talk of the king’s court in Jerusalem and in all of Persia.  Luke’s exploits in having saved the Calif’s son from certain death and being accepted into the household of that wizened old tribesman were the stuff that legends were made of.  Indeed, it is a legend Wynnewood had become, several times over.
He had become entranced of Princess Aramina, Calif Jahar’s daughter. Jahar had used his vibrant personality and wily ways to deftly replace Luke’s affections for the Princess with gifts, as well as his freedom. For no Christian could join with any Muslim without terrible consequences.  In order to preserve the young lady’s reputation and to reward Luke’s skill and courage in fighting, Shahjeen the warhorse and a unique scimitar had been his reward. He was then ushered from the Calif’s palace with a veiled warning never to return.
Luke Wynnewood had been honored by the king not only for his valor but also for his political savvy in not creating a major incident between the two warring factions. Luke being the king’s youngest adviser he was given into wardship of the kings oldest adviser, Sir William Northerlund himself.  It had been both a glorious time and a terrible time to be in service to God and King.  Months later in a vicious battle Sir Luke Wynnewood disappeared and had not been seen since.
Now here he was, in Scotland, on Elleghane lands, apparently enamored of the Lady Enarrah, and she of  him.  He and Luke’s actual time together had been short but their experiences and adventures however, filled a lifetime. The bonds between them were forged in the heat of battle. They had become true and best friends based on their mutual beliefs in truth and morality.  The difference however, was that where William and most other men had to find their faith, Luke was simply born with it.  In witnessing this true spirit of goodness, those that knew him loved him because of this.  There were also those that hated him because of it, not being able to possess it themselves.

In Jerusalem when Luke disappeared, William thought that he had lost him forever. The blow that had taken an even worse toll was when he arrived home to Elleghane and found his beloved wife, Violet, had died from a terrible fever just prior to his return. She had ministered to the sick and dying and in doing so had contracted the illness and she herself passed away. 
William had then gone to his bed and would not get up. He felt no will to go on.  With his sons squabbling between themselves and the castle in disarray, in spite of himself he turned back toward life and hope a little more each day. This was due to Enarrah’s love and attention. He had wanted to tell her how thankful he was a dozen times over and also tell her the true story behind her grandmother and family.  The time had never seemed right and no doubt he’d found other excuses to remain silent. Well, the time for silence was now over.  His thoughts were interrupted by a knocking on his door.
“Who is it?” a barely audible voice feebly asked.
Outside the door came the reply, “Your sons.”
“And no other?”
“And no other.”
A solid boisterous reply came from within, “Come in lads!”
The brothers stared at one another in wide eyed wonder. Philburt grabbed the handle on the door with a smile on his lips and with a wave of his hand and a flourishing bow Philburt ushered his brothers forward.
Philburt was not prepared for the sight before him, even having seen his father just a short time before. There, standing next to his writing table was their father in his finest clothes, neat and proper.
“Easy boys.” he said as he approached Philburt and offered his hand. Philburt took his hand and arm. The grasp was firm, his father looked thin but his complexion was ruddy (perhaps with a little help from the wine).
He shook hands with Thomas who uttered, “Oh father.”
Before anyone else could speak, Randolph clasped his fathers other arm and said, “Is it really you?”
“Aye, young son, it is truly me.”
He bade them all sit in the three chairs that had been placed before his desk. William sat in the great chair behind his desk saying, “I have tasks for you all, but before I go into that there is something I must say.  Listen well, for I’ll not repeat it.  I had my own reasons for going to war for the Holy See, and they are a matter of conscience between myself and God alone and are not for discussion. However, I will tell you this. It was a time full of greatness and a time of great sorrow. It was my good fortune to meet some of the finest men in the world and to live and fight side by side with them. Sir Luke Wynnewood was one of those men. 
Take particular attention to what I tell you now. No matter what anyone may ever say to you the truth is this; that even though the Saracens took back the city of Jerusalem it was we knights who kept it intact and saved the population from certain destruction. So, whatever great and simple minds may look upon it as a defeat we who were there and fought the fight will always look at it as a victory.”
Philburt interrupted, “But we thought...”
Before he could finish William held up a hand and said, “Perhaps I should have explained sooner but in that respect I erred on the side of misfortune. I had thought my best friend was lost to me forever and on top of that when I arrived home your dear mother had passed on.”
Dead silence filled the room as the three young men looked upon their father. It was his teachings throughout their lives that had given them all the reason to do what was right and good and to ever strive to alleviate suffering.
Sitting straight and tall Philburt said, “tell us what you would have us do.”
“And it will be done.” As Randolph finished his sentence.
Rubbing his eye as if to rub a speck away William spoke, “Firstly Randolph, I hold in my hand a missive that you are to take personally to Sir Leonard Carr, the Legate of the King in Edinburgh. Your journey there and back should take less than a week, sooner I hope. Sir Carr will give you documents with which to return. Say nothing of this to anyone.  Preparations are now being made and you will leave first thing in the morning.  Thomas will help you prepare. Go fully armed and make all haste during your journey.  I cannot stress enough the great responsibility that this is.  Our future and our lands depend upon the importance of it.”
As his father looked at him, Randolph solidly affirmed, “Yes, father.”
“Now, young Thomas that brings me to you. It has come to my attention that our stableman has met his most well-deserved demise. (In his mind Philburt could still see the crumpled whimpering body being effortlessly tossed over the parapet.)
Jumping to conclusions, as it was his wont to do Thomas blurted out, with no small measure of dismay. “Father, do you mean to make me the stable master?”
“No Thomas, however, you do have a vast knowledge of husbandry, a great deal of  natural talent and a fine eye for horses and stock breeding.”
Sitting straighter after his fathers accolades Thomas says, “Yes, but?”
William raised his hand for silence again and said, “You are to be, for this castle and all its properties, The Master of Horse. We have a moderate size herd of horses with several good brood mares in the lot. That herd has this very day been increased by six.  Thomas, with your ability I know you can increase our family wealth and prestige.
Thomas feels himself filling with pride and says, “Yes, father, thank you.”
Just then there comes a knock on the door. William quickly holds a finger to his lips to his sons and in a raspy voice says, “Who is it?”
“Ivar”, comes the reply from the other side of the door.
William calls out briskly, “Come in, come in.”
Once inside the room with the door shut. Williams says, “Ivar your timing is perfect as ever it has been.”
Seeing that Ivar is not the least bit surprised by Sir Williams condition Randolph and Philburt exclaim, “You knew!”
Ivar replied, “Only for a short time young Sirs, it was truly a surprise to me as well.”
Thomas turned to his father, “Are we the last ones to know?”
Williams replies, “Not everyone knows, the four of you, Enarrah, Heatherlyn and Bertrand of course. Ivar, I am sending Randolph  to Edinburgh with a letter for the King’s Legate. Can we spare six good men for his escort?”
“Yes, I believe we can plus there is one here that  you might wish to send with him.”
William asks, “As I have assessed the threat against us, the six guards can be spared and there is no other that I can think of that should go.
“Meaning no disrespect there is a man I believe you need to meet.  He arrived here after you were taken abed. Only this very day he was given over into my confidence by Sir Luke.”
The brothers exchanged glances and Thomas says, “I thought The Black and White Knight was gone from here.”
Ivar replies, “Gone for now yes, but on this you may depend. He will return.”
Without thinking first, Philburt speaks up, “How can you know this?” And then it dawns on him and he says aloud, “The pages!  His pages are here.”
William says, “All will be told to you in good time and soon. This much I will tell all of you now. If it were not for The Black and White Knight, the man they call the Ghost and my friend, I would not be here today. He saved my life in battle and he has now saved my spirit in peace.”
“But father, does he even know you are here?” Philburt asks.
“No, but that is of no import. He knows that there are wrongs being committed here and he will stay until they are all put right or he will die trying. That is his way.”
Silence again falls upon the room and William says, “Ivar, put the man that Sir Luke recommended in my anteroom and go with Randolph and Thomas to prepare to the trip to Edinburgh.”
After the door is closed, Philburt turns to his father. “It is true then about his dance of death?”
“About the six men you mean? Undoubtedly so.  Philburt there are many things in this life which are hard to believe and I will tell you this. I know Sir Luke Wynnewood very well. When he and I were first met as brothers in arms he was not yet a knight. At that time twenty of us, including Luke, were put on an escort duty for the King’s sister. Half way to our destination we were attacked and outnumbered ten to one.  Surrounded, we thought all our lives would come to an end there in the desert.  When the battle commenced Luke simply whirled among them, dancing like a deadly sirocco wind. In a short time he had single-handedly slain half there number.  
Philburt you will one day become a good leader and a good lord, so there are things which I will tell you and no others. One thing is this. Certain men in battle will have the blood lust overtake them. You know the stories of Cuchulain of Ulster, Percival with the Grail and especially King Arthur with his champion Lancelot.”
“Yes, father but everyone knows they are only myths and legends, passed down as children’s stories and fairy tales.”
“No son, they are not. The blood lust is real, it is a wild, violent insanity that overtakes some men in battle.  It is only brought on by intense excitement and anger and it does not end until every ounce of the blood lust has been sated. With Luke it is a different thing, it is an innate part of his being. I have given it much thought and have come to this conclusion. As is the spirit of God born in Luke Wynnewood so is the wrath of God.  It is not an insanity with him it is an instinct.  Philburt, you must learn to judge men by the rightness of their actions and not merely by appearances alone.”
Looking pensively at his father, “I have much to learn. I am sorry that my actions in the past months were not as they should have been. I have not done well, but I have tried. I did not know about what had happened at the battle of the City of Jerusalem only that the Turks had won. All that ever reached us was a story of defeat and surrender and disgraced knights.”
“Now you know the truth, take it to heart. I have things to be regretful for during these last months as well. Together we will do better. We must do this so that our family and property survive and the people who are dependent upon us will not perish.”
Philburt emptied the leather pouch taken from Neeley, poured it on his father’s desk and said, “After everything that has happened today it distinctly appears that Lord Alexander is plotting against us. These coins are Frankish gold.”
“Gold you say; then all the recent  incidents would seem to point that out. God knows he has enough cause.”
“What cause could he possibly have?”
“He means to take Enarrah, this castle and all our lands; by force if necessary.”
At the mention of Enarrah, Philburt looks totally bewildered. “What could Alexander want with our little unassuming country cousin?”
“She is anything but that.  A perfect example of things not being what they seem.  She is wise in the ways of healing, has a great intuitiveness for what is in the hearts of men and is your grandmother’s mirror image.  By royal proclamation your grandmother, Alicia of Elleghane was deeded these lands. Upon her death she ceded this castle and all of these lands to her oldest daughter Pauline, Enarrah’s mother. When Pauline died giving birth to Enarrah, the deedship went to your mother. When she passed away that left Enarrah as the only female heir.  
Because Enarrah’s father was taken by plague when she was still a babe the trusteeship of Elleghane was left to me and I have kept that trust close and quiet for these many a long year.  To put it plainly son, this castle and all of Elleghane are to be Enarrah’s when she reaches the age of five and twenty or is suitably married.  I thought that your mother would have told both you and Enarrah of all of this, but alas, she never got the chance, so I’m telling you now.
“Then Enarrah has no knowledge of this either?”
“Exactly so, but she will soon be told, soon; that is my task, so not a word Philburt.”
“As you say father, you have my word on it.  A great deal has happened since the Black and White Knight arrived here and I have much to think upon.”
“Indeed.  A very busy time for my first day of life renewed.  Just between we two I grow tired and I must yet see this man that Ivar has brought.  Keep ever alert son, we will break our fast in the great hall after sunrise.”
Philburt turned to leave and said, “Father, please don’t think to harshly of me, for today I used mother’s family name as the lord here.”
William dismisses this with a wave of his hand saying, “Posh and bother lad, posh and bother.  Your mother’s family name is as fine as it ever was.  She would have been proud of the tribute you gave by using it.”
Philburt leaves and Sir William Northerlund thinks to himself,  “little did you know laddie that after half a century this will again be The Lands of Elleghane, for a fact and not just in words.”
William walked to his antechamber door, thinking that he must tell Enarrah on the morrow of her true position.  As he muses to himself he opens the door and bids the man to enter.  He turns and walks back to his desk, sitting down he takes the prepared tisane to hand .  As he drinks and looks up at the man standing before him he exclaims, “I know you.”
“Yes you do, Sir William, I am Robert Verregon.  I fought with you and Luke in Jerusalem.”
“Yes!  I remember, you were the castle guard and were made a knight before the great battle.”
Myself and many others, it was a most incredible event.  I have been a guard here for these many months.  I spoke with Sir Luke before he left, he bade me help secure the castle and watch over his Pages.  I tried to tell him of your presence here but he was in such haste to depart, there was no time.”
Sir William extends his arm and Robert takes it and bows.
“Just like him, he is away to gather intelligence no doubt.  All to the good, and your presence here Sir Robert could not have come at a more opportune time.  Your courage and dedication to the Old Code are gratefully accepted.  I will personally look over the well being of Heatherlyn’s lads, and Philburt has taken our security to his heart; for I have another task for you.”
“Pray tell, Sir William.”
“Do you have your vestments and a worthy battle sword?”
“I do for a fact, they are safe here within the castle.”
“Good, I bid you wear them from this day forth.  Tomorrow, with all haste,  I wish you to officially escort Randolph and six worthy guards to the king’s legate in Edinburgh.  Randolph will have in his possession letters of vital importance to us all and he will be returning with documents of equal import.”
Robert nods his head, “It is an honor to be in your service, and thank you for your concern of Heatherlyn’s boys, they are dear to me.”
“Good, very good Robert.  Randolph is a capable enough fighter and his weaponry ability is superior but he lacks the skills of battle.  I am confident that you will get him there and back safely.”
William produces a leather pouch from his desk saying, “Here is the coin you will need for your journey.  A quarter of its’ contents are yours.  Henceforth you will be paid as the knight you are.  Now, Sir Robert I bid you go and prepare and I will retire for the day.”
“As you say Sir William, Good Night.”
As Robert leaves and the door closes a shadowy figure appears from a dark corner of the room.  “Come Sir William, to bed.”
“Ah, Bertrand, ever the vigilant one.  Between your gentle chiding, Enarrah’s tonics and the reappearance of my comrade Luke I am nearly whole again, but in truth I am sorely weary old friend. Thank you for all your help and support these many long years.”
As Bertrand helps his Lordship to prepare for bed Sir William asks,  “What do you think of all these goings-on?”
“Me, Sir William?  I believe a maelstrom of change follows in the wake of young Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco.  Son Philburt has gained years of wisdom in these past hours and sweet Enarrah will very nicely fulfill her destiny as Lady of Elleghane. And to top it off Sir Robert the Good may well find his future in the castle kitchen.  Now sleep for you Sir William.”
Feeling the effects of the tonic William eases into bed and Bertrand pulls the coverlet upon him. “Bertrand, your precise evaluations never cease to amaze me.  Robert the Good you say.  How came he by that moniker?”
”Twas Heatherlyn’s twins, Broox and Ashe, gave him that name.  The entire castle knows him by it, and from all I have seen he has lived up to it.  Good sleep my lord.”

Reconnoiter And Recollection

Enarrah felt the coins against her leg beneath the folds of her skirt as she walked towards the kitchen, it was a small fortune.  She suddenly felt a wave of awareness wash through her, and she smiled.  It was right then as she was passing by the guard’s dining room door, a familiar voice called to her.
“Lady Enarrah?”
Grinning now, she turned in the doorway, seeing Heatherlyn’s boys seated at the table.  Instinctively picking the name of the twin that came into her head first, she said, “Yes Ashe, what can I do for you?” She was gratified to see the smile on Ashe’s face that she had chosen the correct twin.
As if of one mind Broox immediately replied, “ Have you heard that we are Sir Luke’s Pages?”
“As a matter of fact Sir William has just now officially accepted Sir Luke’s petitions for your new positions.”
It was Ashe’s turn as he shouted, “Ma!  It’s ‘fficial, We’re Pages for Sir Luke and Shahjeen.”
Enarrah watched in fascination as the two brothers shook each others’ hands, slapped each other on the shoulder and ran to their mother in the kitchen.  Broox, who had looked frailer in the past, already looked hardier.  His complexion had returned to a natural ruddiness and by evidence of the large empty bowl in front of him, his appetite had improved.  He would be getting his health back in no time (thanks to Luke).
It was astounding to her that the harsh and violent acts that this knight had committed in dealing with evil men had, of themselves,  produced such good results.  Not the least of which was that she herself was still alive. Amazing too was Sir William’s open affection for this curious man who wore black and white. The Ghost, Sir William called him; he who dispensed justice by his own inborn sense of good and evil.  She kept remembering his rippling muscles, his lithe and graceful presence and she couldn’t help it, her heart longed to see him.
Heatherlyn’s voice interrupted her thoughts as she heard the cook say, “You boys have had a long day, time for bed!”

“Heatherlyn, I have already starting gathering their clothes together, as befits their new station, all properly paid for by Sir Luke.  Jenny says that she has had so little mending to do lately that she will gladly sew the boy’s colors tonight.”
“Wonderful Enarrah, and Gavin told me he had been paid well to make the lads’ boots and leathers, for the next three years no less!  And the knight did this within the first minutes he entered the castle.”
Broox chimed in, “Aww, Ma, can’t we stay up to see our new clothes?”
“No you may not, come give me a kiss goodnight and it’s off to bed with the two of you, right now, straightaway.  I’ll be in to say your prayers with you shortly.”
The twins hugged there mother tightly, gave her a kiss on the cheek and scampered off.
“Heatherlyn, Sir William, the family and all the castle will be breaking fast at first light.”
“Very good my Lady.  He’ll be making his proud and decent presence known to one and all then.  That ‘ll stop these incessant wagging tongues I’ve had to contend with all the many months.”
“Yes, yes it surely will.  Heatherlyn, have you had any word about your husband John?”
“No My Lady, I have not.  I seek news of anyone who might have information from over there and have not heard a thing about the fate of my husband.  So much time has passed that I fear his sons have all but forgotten him.”
“Be of good heart and we will pray that news will come soon.”
“I will do that and my prayers will include a multitude of thanks for the many blessings I have received this day and all of them at the hand of Sir Luke Wynnewood.  He is the most extraordinary man I have ever seen.”
Feeling a flush come to her cheeks Enarrah said, “Yes, yes he is isn’t he? There has been more of a blessing than you already know.”
“How so?”
“I did not really want to tell you Heatherlyn, but if I do not, you will hear of it nonetheless.  Neeley the stableman was also a spy for Alexander of Kraigsleigh.”
Heatherlyn’s intact of breath was plainly audible and Enarrah continued on.
“But I have given it much thought and I do not think there is anything known to him about you and the twins.  If there was, I believe there would have been a sign before now, and since Neeley is gone for good there is little chance of it.”
“The creases across her forehead reflected the older woman’s worry as she said, “I pray you are right Enarrah, with all my heart I pray that you are right.”
Taking Heatherlyn’s hand into hers’, Enarrah said, “The best news of all is that Sir William assured me Sir Luke will soon return and all things here will then be set aright.  In truth, to you alone my friend, I long for his return.”
“I will take that to heart, and thank you for the telling, I would not have wanted to hear it in gossip. And I am glad you have that longing in you for Sir Luke, for truly, save for my John, I have seen no better man.  Now I must go settle my sons and find my own bed.  It will be a busy day tomorrow, you had best do the same dear Lady, goodnight.”

+++++

Shafterly strode across the great hall kicking refuse and rotten rushes from his path. He felt miserable. He  never should have gotten himself tangled up in such a far fetched scheme. Grasping at straws, he thought perhaps some significant gain might still be made from his shaky alliance with this grotesque man, greater wealth perhaps.  At one point he had thought that if all else failed he would find out where Alexander kept his hoard of gold, kill the thoroughly fixated man and go home to the continent. However, he had discounted this particular option after catching a glimpse of Alexander’s true nature.
Stores from the winter supplies had gone missing and the newly hired guard turned thief had been caught red handed.  On his lordship’s orders the man had been brought to the great hall bound tight.   Alexander walked into the vast room wearing his ever present floor length black cloak.  It accentuated the strange man’s great height in a macabre and sinister way.  In the previous months Shafterly had never even seen the extent of the weaponry the man carried.
He would never forget what he saw that day and was sure that it had been Alexander’s intent that he nor any man in his hire should ever forget.  The lord had strode to within three long paces of the helpless thief, slowly turned his back to the man and had removed that cloak, carefully placing it on a nearby trestle table.  Dressed completely in black, that sword of great length hung in black leather.  On his thin waist two daggers were strapped.  A ruffled shirt rose up above the neck of his gambeson so that it appeared that his head was disembodied and perched in mid air with long jet black hair hanging down to his shoulders.
It was then that the screaming started.  Alexander used his sword as if it were an extension of his very being, precisely thrusting, cutting, jabbing;  muscle, tendon, ligament and bone, but none of the man’s vital organs.  After more than an hour of this, there was no thing the man ever knew that Alexander did not.  And when he was satisfied of this, with one ferocious slash the black lord reduced what had once been a whole man into a pile of blood and gore.  
Alexander’s only comment to Shafterly had been at the end when he put on his cloak and stated, “Remove that.” As he walked away he kept muttering to himself over and over, “The hand, the hand.” 
The remains were carried from the hall in several sacks and thrown outside the walls by other guards. The word spread throughout Kraigsleigh Castle like wildfire, Lord Alexander was not to be crossed, in any way, or a horrible death awaited.
Any plans that Erick Shafterly might have had involving the demise of Lord Alexander by his own hand were summarily discounted, if the beast that he had witnessed was part human, there was no telling which part.  And he certainly would not under any circumstances face this creature in a showdown of single combat. As these dark thoughts whirled in his mind, they were interrupted by Alexander’s irritating voice demanding what new information he had about Strathenham.
Putting his temper in check,  Shafterly answered, “The four men I sent out two days ago to watch the castle and the village still have not returned. The talk of the village still resounds with the echoes of Neeley’s death. The warrior has not been see, or if he has, no one will say.”
As he spoke, Shafterly could see the veins in Alexander’s neck bulge and his face turn red with anger. He screeched when he commanded, “Then send out more men, now!”
	
Folding his hands Shafterly said, “I fear sending out more men will result in their disappearance as well. What we really need is information from inside the castle. First hand knowledge of where the girl is and how we can lay hands on her.”
	
At the mention of the girl, Alexander seemed slightly appeased, agreeing, “Yes, I will have her. I will bend her to my will.”
	
“What if she does not bend?”
	
As his sword hand rested upon his cheek an evil smile crossed his face.  In a hoarse guttural whisper he promised, “Then she will break.  In either case, Elleghane will be mine.  As for your inside information, you will pay a visit to extend my condolences concerning the illness of William Northerlund.”
	
Shafterly looked up with reassurance, agreeing, “What a good idea.  Do you wish me to escort you to Strathenham?”
“No, I do not. Let my presence here remain a mystery the better to confound them,  I will revel myself in my own good time.”
	
Shafterly bit back a retort and said, “Yes, Lord Alexander. As you will.”

Alexander reached inside his huge cloak and flung a heavily laden pouch towards his captain. Shafterly caught it as the lord commanded, “Hire more men. Get me information.”
Shafterly turned away, weighing the pouch in his hand. He thought to himself, “This man pinches pennies on firewood and servants but has pounds of gold to spend on armed men.” He hefted the pouch one last time and walked away.

+++++

A short time after he left, Luke turned his mount to the East and began a slow route around the entire area. He spent the next several hours studying the terrain and watching for signs of activity. The night was chill and full of stars. The half moon shone brightly as he emerged from the thick forest that everyone in the castle called the Darks.  His only inclination that anyone else was about in the night were several long low howls from a wolf pack far off. As he approached the sweeping meadows and glens that led up to the high peaks of the mountains to the north he became aware of several marshes and bogs in this area.  As Shahjeen walked beside him instead of behind him, the smart animal kept the two of them on solid ground. He had known the horse could do this from his sojourns in the deserts, where seeps existed among the dunes that could swallow man and horse in a matter of seconds.
His mind wandered back to those other times. He remembered his friends and his comrades who had fought with him and some who had died. He sent up a small prayer to the almighty for finding Robert Verragon. He realized that the night was half over and how hungry he was and decided to stop in a small glen surrounded by odd shaped stones. 
He remembered the stories from his youth that described fey and faerie rings looking such as this. It was then that the thoughts of Enarrah came to his mind again. She was a striking beauty and her inner beauty shone more brightly than any woman he had ever seen. He caught himself musing that somehow his memories of the little folk and spirit mists had led him to think about Enarrah.  Perhaps that was the quality that he needed to label about her. She seemed magical. She seemed part of a greater fineness and goodness than just of this world.
He was hungry. He reached into the sack tied to his saddle and was surprised to find a second bundle wrapped in linen. He set it down beside him as he rested on one of the flat stones and unwrapped it. Inside he found small loaves of fresh bread, wedges of cheese, and wrapped in their own linen, three of cooks meat pies. This bundle was from Heatherlyn and had been put in with his gear by the twins. 
The spot where he sat was positioned at the top of a sloping valley. He realized that he could smell the salt breeze from the sea, miles away. He liked the smell and the feel of this entire place. As he ate he wondered if this was somewhere he could call home. The land of his fathers on the far away continent that he knew as a boy, were like this place in some ways. The deep dark forest, the rolling hills and the craggy mountains in the distance. But his parents were gone. Being one of the younger of six brothers he doubted if he would ever see his homeland again. Although, not unkind his older siblings had treated him somewhat with disdain because he had been their mother’s favorite.
As soon as he was of age, he was fostered out to a fortified keep lorded over by an acquaintance of his fathers,  Lord Reichsburg.  In the space a a few short years the man had proven himself insufferable by forcing his drunken rages upon family and servants alike.  
Luke had to leave, and a greater purpose called to him. So acting on the feelings in his heart he left for the Crusades. It had taken him several years just to travel the distance. Along the way he had found his natural skills as a swordsman and grown into manhood. His being made a knight by the King of Jerusalem was the culmination of his search for his own identity.
He re-wrapped the remainder of his traveling fare and was preparing to mount when Shahjeen’s uneasiness encroached on his memories.  His rambling thoughts were  replaced by a keen attentiveness as he stood stroking the big horses neck.  He watched as Shahjeen’s ears pricked up and he looked toward the west. Luke turned his gaze in that direction to see four riders a mile away dropping over the edge of a crag headed down into the valley. He took his horses' reins and strode the hundred or so paces to the apex  where the valley met the top of the ridge.
When he reached the chosen spot, he left Shahjeen well back, so as  not to be back lit from by the moon. He crept towards the edge. 
Shahjeen stood waiting. From their first days together he had never tied the horse or reined him. With his reins hung over his neck the wise animal knew what was expected and never disappointed. 
By the time Luke crept to the edge of the yawning valley, he was laying flat on his stomach.  He watched and waited.  After a few minutes his diligence was rewarded. The four riders came up the center of the valley.  Stealth was not called for here.  Luke walked back to his horse and mounted, then rode Shahjeen toward where the men would be approaching. He pulled his great grey cloak around himself to ward off the chill and did not have long to wait before the four riders crested the ridge. As the grey upon grey of the cloak and the horse melded with the earth and the sky the riders were only three paces away, talking, as they came upon him.
Luke sat waiting. From their horses, their dress, the direction from which they came, there was no doubt these were Alltimont’s men. The direct line that they headed was towards Strathenham and left little doubt as to their ill intent.

Reining up and shifting their horses in circles, one of the men brought his mount under control and exclaimed. “What then is this, a specter?”
Luke and Shahjeen stood perfectly still.
“No, ‘tis a statue, a resemblance.”

Another man, getting his horse under control exclaimed, “It is, it is a ghost.”  In saying this the man drew his sword, the others following suit.
The solid base timbre of Luke’s voice cut through the eerie darkness.
“I have been called The Ghost, and here I walk.”

Luke chose that moment to furl his cloak from around his torso.
At seeing the stark white cross blazoned on the field of black and white, the men exclaimed, “It’s him, kill him.” They spurred their horses forward.
Before their horses could take one step both swords lept into Luke’s hands. He tightened his legs around Shahjeen’s girth and as the evil doers approached, Shahjeen reared up and caught the lead horse full in the head with his deadly hooves.  As the stricken horse fell to the side, it toppled into the animal next to it and both riders and horses were flung to the ground.
As the next killer, still on horseback, slashed out with sword passing by; Luke’s swords flashed. One parrying the death stroke aimed at his head, the other cutting through the middle of the man from his navel to his spine. As the cut man’s horse came to an abrupt halt, the surprised henchman wiggle wobbled in the saddle, looked down at himself and fell to the ground dead.  
As Luke had struck this first parry and blow, he dismounted and walked to the two killers to his left who had fallen from their horses.  One was on his feet swinging a battle axe on the down-stroke at Luke. To the man’s surprise and instant death, Luke’s short sword ran up under the attacker’s chin and into his brain. The leather girded man was shoved to the ground in this manner as Luke dislodged the short sword and turned to parry a blow from the other would be killer.
The man’s attack was unprepared and feeble and before he could recover Luke  separated his head from his shoulders.

The fourth man now facing Luke several paces away, bellowed his rage.  “You killed my comrades, so be it, the price on  your head will be all mine.”
In saying this the man pulled a short spear from behind his saddle. He arched his arm back to throw, and as the spear was loosed, Luke’s swords whirled in the air and the spear fell to the ground in two pieces. 
This last henchman did not wait to see the result of his spear throw, he spurred his horse forward, sword drawn and arcing high in the air.  An evil smile curled on his lips as he saw Luke’s Broadsword drop point first into the ground. Thinking himself the victor, he screamed a battle cry as his sword descended its arc.  “Ayeeeeee!”
As the point of his broadsword embedded in the ground Luke pirouetted in a complete circle.  Before the last of the would be killers could finish his outcry Luke’s short sword sang through the air and found its target as it entered the man’s body just above his breastplate and continued on through, the point protruding  just below the nape of the neck. The killer’s sword completed its path by arcing through the air.

Under his breath Luke whispered, “May God grant you peace, because I will not.”
Without a moments hesitation Luke reached up his Broadsword, strode to the mortally wounded horses and put them out of their misery. He spent the next several minutes rounding up the two remaining horses, the men’s weapons and armor. He tied all this to the gathered horses. He had thought to take the bodies to the small cave that he had come across on the North side of the castle a short time before. He retrieved his short sword but before he could implement his intent Shahjeen was beside him trumpeting a loud call.

Not thirty paces away arrayed in a large semi-circle, their feral eyes glowing in the dark, was a pack of wolves.  They were black as night and huge. Luke could see there were several females and yearlings at the back of the pack. The lead male, a full head taller than the rest, with accents of white in his fur stepped forward a few paces. Growling he bared huge fangs menacingly. Luke was nearly looking him eye to eye across the meadow.
As he was want to do on occasion by his own volition and for no other reason than his own, Shahjeen braced one foreleg forward and bending the other foreleg, bowed his head. Taking his cue from the great horse, Luke slowly unsheathed his swords and slowly turned them in the air and held one in each hand by the fore grips, so that the pommels faced up and the sword points faced down. He put one leg in front of the other, bent his knee and bowed to the great wolf. He held the swords in front of him at arms length.
The moments passed as if they were eons of time.  Luke raised up his head to see every wolf calmly sitting. He and Shahjeen rose to their feet. Luke sheathed his swords and mounted his horse. He took one last look at the circle of wolves.
The big white male looked intently at him and cocked his head as if to say, “Why do you stay? Your work is finished, leave now.”
Luke turned his mount and thought to himself, “His will be done.”
	
Neither man nor horse looked back.  As they angled their journey toward the village of Castle Strathenham and back toward the Darks, the need for rest overcame them. Luke settled himself and his mount a couple of leagues from the village under some huge pines. He made himself a quick bed of some boughs and a blanket and laid down to rest the few hours before dawn.
+++++
	
It was a remembering dream at first.  He was again the  “guest” of Calif Jafar in the resplendent castle at the desert oasis.  He was there at the insistence of the Calif, and his men.  For having saved the man’s son from an assassination attempt he was lacking no luxury whatever.  Fine food, clean clothes and an abundance of water and wine were his for the asking.  Servants attended to his every whim, but he could not leave.  That was made abundantly clear by the presence of the Calif’s guards who were everywhere.  
Everywhere that is except when he per chanced to come upon the Calif’s daughter Jasmin, as she walked in her private garden. They had been alone and had talked openly, she of her world, he of his.  He was to find out later, this was a death sentence for any Christian.  But he was not just any Christian to the Caliph
The blush of youth upon them both, their mutual attraction did not go unnoticed by the Calif and now the great leader had a terrible problem.  He should have killed the Christian who had been alone with his daughter, but he could not kill the man that had saved his only son.  So he did the next best thing, he sent his daughter away and he bestowed great gifts upon his son’s savior.  These gifts were a magnificent grey Arabian stallion and a scimitar emblazoned, just past the hilt, with Holy Cross, Star of David and Crescent Moon.  He then freed this man, this brash young knight, and bade him never to return. 
Luke Wynnewood returned to Jerusalem to the disbelief and amazement of everyone.  Everyone that is except the King, who, in private audience told Luke of the fierce Code of Respect practiced by men of quality, one for the other.  This Code breached all boundaries, even those between enemies. Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco never forgot this talk with the king nor did he ever forget The Code of Respect.
Then Luke’s mind and spirit wandered from memory into darkness.  A darkness thick with whorls of mist and the lush scent of forest and earth.  Standing there, in the heart of that darkness, as it had many times before during his travels in sleep, stood a huge lion.  
The great cat stood watching him, just standing and watching. From the look of his massive chest his breathing was slow and easy. The animal was enormous. The top of his shaggy mane was as tall as a man. It looked as if he might weigh a hundred stone. But it was the eyes, always the eyes. The red fire watching him, ever watching him from the dark. 
Luke stood resolute, not knowing what to say or do. The great beast shook his shaggy mane, as if it was expecting something.
+++++

With a pounding heart Luke awoke. He was full alert, it was not the dream that had awakened him. He stilled his racing heart and his senses became more aware. Shahjeen stood stock still next to him where he lay.  His breathing was just audible. The horse let out a long breath and Luke opened his eyes to slits. Seeing his master awake the steed moved away several paces.
It was then that Luke heard the whispering voices and the movement through the trees. There were two of them, attempting to move quiet but making a poor job of it. Luke concentrated on hearing the words.
“That’s ‘im ain’t it? ‘ees lying ‘ere, ripe for the pickin’.”
	
“’Ats ‘im awright, can’t mistake ‘em colors.  ‘Is ‘orse is just lazin’ about.  Alls we ‘ave to do is sneak round an stick ‘im an take ‘is foin mount for me own.”
	
“Yea, what luck ‘at.  E’ll save our bacon, ‘e will.  We was in for it comin’  back from the village wit no news from the folk there as to when ‘at little tart was goin’ to be back there to do her healin’ and such.”
As the two assassins moved in from behind him, Luke could tell by their slurred speech and noisy behavior that the two had been in their drink. As was his custom as he slept, he had laid both swords by the sides of him, and they were covered. As the men moved to attack him from behind, his hands being out of sight, his fingers slowly grasped both hilts. The men prattled on.
“We’ll be in ‘is ‘igh an mighty dibs good graces for a long time to come. Well as fattening our purses by 10 pieces of silver, bringin’ back his ‘ead.”
	
“’Ere you takin’ ‘im or an I?”
“We both better. They say ‘e took out six o’ our men all by ‘imself.  It’s a pity we couldna’ snatched the little Missy on one a' 'er village forays and got ‘im too.”
	
“Yea, but this ‘il do for now and don’t fergit, the ‘orse is mine.”

“Lets get ‘im.”
	
From all their talk, Luke knew exactly where they were.  With no stealth their footfalls approached and he could feel the distance between them lessening.
Just as one of them whispered, “Now;” in a blur of movement Luke rolled and both swords shot upward.  Both men were struck straight in their hearts. Their crooked shaped daggers fell from their hands. Luke jumped to his feet, retrieved and re-sheathed his swords. He found their horses a short way away, secured their weapons and usable armaments. He now had five horses and the weapons and gear from six men. He would deal with the disposition of the horses and gear in the light of day. He pulled the bodies under an overhang of the dry creek bank nearby and caved the outcrop over them, the dirt and sand burying them.  As he laid back down to rest the last little while before daybreak his thought was that he must return to the castle that very day to forewarn them of Alexander’s vicious plans. The rival lord would no doubt not take to losing a  baker's dozen of his men in a single day.
And he must get back to protect Enarrah...  sweet Enarrah...  his Enarrah...

 Breaking Fast

The great hall was rift with murmuring and whispers.  Serving girls and lads were scurrying between the tables setting out platters of fresh bread, cheese and fruit as well as flagons of ale and warm wine.
“Is it true?  Is it really true?  Sir William is up and about?”  asked one girl excitedly.
Another answered, “He is, I have the word of Jenny the Seamstress on it. She made Sir Luke’s Pages their colors last night and showed them to the lord this morn’.  She said he bustles about, hale and hearty.  And that’s not all, Jenny’s to pick as many new sewing girls as she needs to accomplish the new banners and vestments that Lord William wants made straight away.”
In her modest chamber Enarrah fussed with her hair in the looking glass. Mairi and Elsbeth had just left to take their places in the great hall.  They had helped her put on her best dress of dark blue linen, adorned with white lace at the neck and sleeves.  Her bodice felt tight against her bosom and she attributed this to the flood of anticipation that whirled inside her.  In a single day her life had undergone one incredible incident after another.  She pulled the pins from her hair, shook her head from side to side, and let the tresses fall about her shoulders. Taking one last look in the mirror she smiled at what she saw, nodded at herself once in agreement and thought she might just as well be ready for many more wonders to come this very day!  She straightened her skirts one last time and headed for the door.
It was Heatherlyn the Healer when needed; it was Heatherlyn the mother of twins (and now the mother of Pages as well) around the clock; it was Lady Heatherlyn in secret (hopefully) and right now it was Heatherlyn the Stewardess and Cook!  She bustled through the kitchen, directing the cooks and the helpers with a myriad of details; all of which she neatly had well in hand.  She was after all Heatherlyn, the one of wonder.  She was determined that the first grand meal to be held in Strathenham Castle in nearly a year would be a resounding success.
	
She stopped and sat down for one minute to catch her breath and to insure not the smallest detail had been overlooked.
In a rush of unbridled excitement her sons burst into the kitchen,“Ma you got to come look!” they both exclaimed, their faces bursting with smiles.
Not a little irritated, but careful to hold back an even sterner voice of reproach; she stood up, put hands to her hips and said, “I told both of you how busy I’d be this morning and so far you two have been good lads.  Now what is it you’re up to!?”
Grabbing at their mother’s hands and attempting to pull her towards the great hall they both said in unison, “Come quick Ma, out in the hall!”
“Be off with ya’ you two little rapscallions, it’s nearly time to eat.”
“But Ma, ya’ gotta come look, it’s Robert the Good!”
At the mention of Robert, she turns her full attention to her sons.  “Why what do you mean?  I’ve seen Robert before.”
“No, no ya’ haven’t, not like this Ma, he’s all decked out, sword and everything!”
A little confused, she takes a step with the boys who have not loosed her hands and says,  “There’s nothing strange in that,  many a time have I seen Robert with his sword.”
Broox cocks his head with a wry smile and says, “No Ma, not like this one you haven’t!”
Her curiosity peaked, Heatherlyn strode through the short entryway to the great room. She surveys the scene, it is a scene of suppressed excitement with the very air itself full of expectant energy.
The boys standing at her side, point across the room to the dais. She glances that way and sees what is without a doubt a knight, his back towards her, talking with the lords’ sons as they stand behind the table on the dais.
She says to the boys, “Oh very well and good, we have another knight here,” and turns away.
Broox grabs his mother’s hand, points and says “Momma, look;” and at this Ashe puts two fingers to his mouth, purses his lips and his short shrill whistle is heard throughout the hall.
Knowing that whistle all too well Sir Robert Verregon turns with a smile as Ashe ardently waves.
Heatherlyn is struck dumb. She meets the eyes of her friend who had been nothing more than a soldier. She sees standing before her a knight resplendent, wearing a tunic emblazoned with a huge blue cross and small blue fleur de lis surrounded by green wreaths embroidered with silver.
She feels a flush come to her face and she is light headed as his eyes meet hers.  He gives her a smile and the briefest of nods then turns back to speak with the brothers.  She turns back toward the kitchen, a tear falling down her cheek.
Watching his mother Ashe says, “What is it momma? Why are you crying?”
She wipes away the tear and composes herself saying, “Its nothing my little laddie, its nothing at all,” and says in a whisper, “he’s just such a good man. And now to see him as I always had pictured he might be. Come quick you two, time to take your places.”
Each twin is dressed with a doublet that is a page-size version of the Black and White Knights colors. A black field rampant, cornered with squares of white. A white cross over all, with smaller crosses in each corner, front and back. The boys proudly walked toward their table to be seated near the dais.
Randolph says to Sir Robert, “You seem to have admirers.  And to think that it was only this morning that Ivar told the three of us that we have another knight in our midst.”
Sir Robert answers, “For a while I didn’t even know those good lads were here.  Neeley kept them in the stables.  It was only of late that I came to find out that they were being beaten by him who has now met his just rewards. Truth be told the day the Black and White Knight dispatched him with such justice I was seeking Neeley for the same purpose.”
The three brothers were hushed. Philburt looked into the eyes of his younger brothers. Thomas,  into his teens, couldn’t help himself and he asked, “You would have killed him?”
Sir Robert Verregon of Rangeley looked with intense dark eyes at the youth, and said, “It would have depended upon his actions when confronted, just as they did with The Black and White Knight.”
Randolph says, “You speak of him as if you know him, this Sir Luke.”
“Aye, that I do.”

As one, the three brothers caught their breath. A few precious moments go by and smiling Sir Robert says. “However, that is a story for your father to tell and I’ll not steal his thunder from it.”
Enarrah comes upon the four men, there are smiles all around.  Randolph and Thomas  say their good mornings almost in unison. Philburt pauses and smiling broader greets Enarrah, “It is very good to see you this morning my Lady.”
Enarrah is surprised and joyous all at once. Without thinking she extends her hand toward Philburt and thinks to herself, ‘he has never so honored me before.’
Philburt, in a natural gesture clasps Enarrah’s hand between his two big calloused ones. Their eyes meet and two words like a whispered song escape her lips. “Thank you.”
Warmth showing in his eyes Philbert replies “No sweet Lady Enarrah, it is I who thank you.”
Still smiling he releases her hand, placing one of his on Sir Robert’s shoulder, and eloquently continues. “I don’t know that you have been formally introduced to our Sir Robert. Lady Enarrah of Elleghane may I present Sir Robert Verregon.”
	
“I know of Sir Robert the Good very well, thank you Philburt”
“He is guardian of the flame, keeper of the faith and friend to Strathenham. Sir Robert, Lady Enarrah.”
From bended knee Robert rises saying, “My sword will defend this place and all who reside here. This, I have sworn to Sir William and so swear to his sons and to you dear Lady.”
Enarrah’s velvet skirt brushes the floor as she rises. “It is an honor to meet you Sir Knight.”
Randolph catches Enarrah’s glance and says. “Sir Robert and Sir Luke are well acquainted.
A look of excitement moves across Enarrah’s face. As she is about to speak as a sudden hush comes over the room. They turn in unison to see Sir William standing behind them. He smiles as the four part and stand two each side of him. The room comes to their feet.  William steps forward and the family move to their places at the table; Philburt, Enarrah, Father Dunkin and Bertrand to his right; and, Randolph, Thomas, Sir Robert and Captain Ivar to his left.
A strong and steady voice reaches to every corner, “Greetings to you one and all. I give thanks to you all for aiding in my recovery.  All of you, even to the lowest stable boy, have shown your support of Strathenham by helping my sons and your Lady keep, hold and safeguard this place.  You have made me proud to call this place my home. There is much you need to know and some you already do. Speaking of stable boys, where are those two new pages?”
Surrounded by the big guardsmen, the boys raise their hands and yell, “We’re here.”
“Come up here lads, you sit up here with us.”
Seeing the boys’ mother in the doorway he calls out, “Heatherlyn have your girls set the twins’ places here, one at each end.”
Without hesitation the twins scamper up to the dais. Two of the castle boys get some chairs and the serving girls set their places at the head table.
William continues:  “What you already know is that these are the new pages of the Black and White Knight. What you do not know is his full name, it is Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco. He is my cherished friend and he will be back here soon.”
Murmurs echo through the room. Sir William’s hand had been resting on the table and at this last pronouncement Enarrah reaches for it and hangs on.
“Most of you know this man seated here as Robert the Good.  He is in truth Sir Robert Verregon of Rangeley and he has been a respected guard here.  Now he is the valiant knight that he ever has been and has sworn his allegiance to Elleghane, Castle Strathenham and all its’ people.”
Smiles had been contagious throughout the great hall during Sir William’s discourse.  Nearly as one the people gathered there sent up a cheer of exaltation. William raises his hands and once again a hush falls over the great room. “This home of ours is under threat from outside forces. I shall count on all of you to continue to do your best to help preserve our hearth and home.  Good Father the benediction if you please.”
Father Dunkin rises from his chair, “Let us bow our heads; thank you dear Lord for this day and keeping all of us safe and healthy.  Please continue to guide us in your way of truth and decency.  Bless this food of which we are to partake. Amen.”
“Amen” is echoed around the room.
As the first sharp brilliant rays of the dawn cascade through the windows into the hall. Sir William flings wide his arms and proclaims, “Let us eat.”
The assembly was seated, the meal was both hearty and heart warming.

+++++

The guardsmen and castle folk finished their meal and went about their tasks of the day. The men at the head table discussed the upcoming trip.
To Enarrah it was mostly a blur of smiles, pleasantry and good fellowship. She did remember the twins, Broox and Ashe scampering back and forth from one end of the table to the other until they finally settled together with Sir Robert. Sir Luke Wynnewood filled her mind...
The twins lead out the two mounts for Randolph and Sir Robert. Last minute preparations were finished and Sir Robert stood for a moment with his thoughts to himself, his mind far ahead on the road before them.
It was just then that he overheard voices of the twins.
“I liked Mum talking about Da’ last evenin'.”
“Yea, said Ashe. “It makes her feel good to talk about him.”
“Yea, said Broox as he launched into an imitation of his mothers brogue. “Aye lads, your Da’, Johno, had a heart as big as the world, and as much good and decency in ‘im as any knight.  He is truly a fine and decent man.”
The rest of the conversation escaped Robert. There had only been one man he had ever known in his life that had gone by the name of Johno... Upon Luke’s  return there would be even more to talk with Wynnewood about.

+++++

Enarrah had a full and busy day ahead of her. With purpose she straightened herself as the men left the table, determined to make great accomplishments that day. She resolutely attempted to put the name of Sir Luke out of her mind. Even though she told herself this, she had felt his name lingering near the pillars of her heart. She stood rersolute, knowing that her first task was to straighten the great hall and to open the twenty rooms in the West wing of the castle, as Sir William had bade her to do as he left the room.
She looked up to see Heatherlyn standing in the doorway across the great hall. She walked over intending to help with the assignments of clean up duties. But as she approached Heatherlyn the words that came out were not what she thought she would say. “Dear teacher I am so confused.”
“With all the action and activity a little confusion is to be expected my Lady.”
“Oh, bother... its not that. Oh, I don’t know what it is.”
“Might it be havin’ somethin’ to do with a certain knight who wears the colors of black and white would it?”
Enarrah’s eyes flashed to her longtime friend and mentor. She leaned close as she said: 
“I have feelings in me that I have never felt before, whenever that man is near, whenever his name is mentioned or whenever I think of him.  My feelings race inside me like bees around a hive in spring.”
Heatherlyn looked introspective, trying to gather herself together. She had her own feelings to properly arrange.  Although Sir Robert was a most incredible man, she knew full well that nothing would come of it other than their friendship. Her heart would always belong to her beloved Johno.
Her gaze softened and her eyes sparkled, as Enarrah awaited an answer.
“While now is not the time or place to have such a discussion, dear Lady. Think on this ‘till we can talk again.  The days of you as a girl are done. The blush of womanhood is full and well upon you .” 
Enarrah had felt the truth of that all right and now she understood as well that all the matriarchs before her had truly been entrusted with the sanctity of the earth.  It all seemed very complicated and very simple.  In the depths of her heart and soul, Luke must be the one, her true and forever love.

A Visitor of a Different Stripe

The finishing touches were being put on the clean up of the great hall and preparations for the evening meal were being made.  Enarrah nearly jumped when the guardsmen in the tower cried out, “Riders coming, they fly the banner of Kraigsleigh Castle.”
Ivar’s booming voice could be heard, “Where away and how far?”
“From the East, twelve riders, two longbow distance away.”
“Keep alert.” On seeing Enarrah, he strode to her and said, “Go advise Sir William of our impending visitors. Hurry lass.”

She saw the intensity in his eyes, and was away in a flurry of blue skirts.
Ivar’s commanding voice could be heard again. “Chief guard to the front.”
From the four corners of the land these were Britania's finest, seasoned loyal men from the four corners of the kingdom. One and all had sworn their allegiance to Elleghane. 
Fourteen men formed two perfect lines at the entrance to the portcullis. Before the gate and doors were opened, Ivar said to his men, “Look sharp, listen for my word, if there is trouble be prepared to defend.”
The doors swung open as Captain Shafterly sat his steed at the gate.
Ivar bowed his head ever so slightly in respect to his counterpart at the neighboring castle and with a flourish of grace said, “Welcome  Captain. How may Castle Strathenham be of service?”
Ivar had always attempted to find the good in any man, but he just could not find anything likable about Captain Shafterly.  But Ivar had to give the man one credit, he never presented himself as anything other than what he was, a hired mercenary.
Slightly unnerved from seeing the number of armed guardsmen, Shafterly just managed to keep his composure;  “I am returning to Kraigsleigh on an errand for Lord Alexander and would ask water for my men and my horses.”
Ivar made a quick movement of his hand and the huge portcullis began to rise. Just then Philburt descended the steps into the bailey.   Shafterly saw his opportunity open to gain  information, and called out, “Ah, the Lord of the castle comes to greet me.”
Without missing a beat Philburt replied, “Yes, I believe he does.”
Not quite getting it, Shafterly continued, “I would ask water for my men and horses and would ask to speak with you about your fathers condition. Mayhap a healer known to Lord Alexander can help...”

At that particular moment a strong clear voice resonated from the top of the steps. “Captain Shafterly, how good of you to come. Feel free to ask of my health in person.”
For several stunned moments Shafterly could not believe his eyes. He was told just days ago that this man was lying on his death bed and that the guardsmen here were slack and undisciplined. He caught himself up short.
+++++

Bertrand had taken his place three paces away from his liege lord. They had stood the test of time, being inseparable from more that ten years, except for Sir William’s time on Crusade.  With the death of Lady Violet, Bertrand had been nearly as heartsick as Lord William.  It was she who had found him in the village, a wanderer, lost and forgotten.  He had been entreating others of food for small chores and sleeping in the open fields. It was she who brought him to Castle Strathenham and to the attention of Lord William.
The two men had taken to each other and finding out that he could read, write and cipher, Lord William had put him to work looking after the accountings of the keep and its’ lands. They were small tasks at first:  keeping an accurate count of cattle and livestock bought and sold as well as the same for the stores and supplies of the castle that were expended and replenished.  
As the months went by his responsibilities increased until in less than a year he was Seneschal of Castle Strathenham, trusted man of Lord William. It was the following year that Lord William learned of his other talents.
Slight of stature and frail looking Bertrand had been the brunt of scorn and ridicule his entire life, he had no skill with swords or bows, axes or pikes but short blades were a different matter. From his youngest days he had practiced the handling of knives and daggers. His strong arms could deliver deadly accuracy at a distance of twenty paces or more. 
A year and a half into his tenure at Strathenham, Bertrand had been afield with Lord William to make an accurate count of a cattle herd some distance from the castle.  They and a small group of guardsmen with them had come upon three reivers pushing a group of stolen cattle toward the moors and the frontier. 
Two of the robbers had been killed in the ensuing skirmish and the third disarmed and taken prisoner. Before the man could be restrained and in a single moment of the   guardsmen’s relaxed attention,  the prisoner had launched an attack upon Sir William with a secreted dagger. Before the man’s killing blow could fall Bertrand had stopped the man dead in his tracks with a leaf bladed knife thrown from ten paces into the thief’s eye. From that day on where Sir William went, Bertrand was never far away, in particular if the lords’ guardsmen were not in immediate attendance.

+++++

Captain Shafterly extolled, “Why Sir William, how good it is to see you. I see you are recovered.”
“Yes, completely. It is quite good to be seen actually. Would you and your men wish to rest and eat?”
“No, slaking our thirst would do, thank you. Tell me how fares the Lady Enarrah? She is engaged elsewhere?”
“Yes, in point of fact she is. I will leave you in the capable hands of my son Philburt and Captain Thorgoodson. You will excuse me as I have other matters to attend to.”
Sir William turned now from his brief encounter with Lord Alexander’s Captain.  Seeing Bertrand, William said, “Ahh, as ever, my Shadow is near, ensuring my safety.”
“Lord William it is so good to have you back,”  Bertrand said as he folded his cloak back around himself with skill, concealing the four leaf bladed knives and the two serpents tongues at his waist belt. The later two an erstwhile gift from young Randolph, the Weapons master.
“Thank you for all the goodness you have brought to Strathenham and to me,  good Bertrand, it’s good to be back;” and with that the friends smiled and parted company.
Shafterly had just turned away from telling his men to make haste watering their horses and depart. It was then he saw two boys in black and white tunics.

Ivar was watching as Shafterly walked his horse to the watering trough. The twins were there holding the reins of other horses.
Shafterly asked, “And who are you two boys?”
Without missing a beat the reply comes back. “I’m Ashe, he’s Broox.”
Shafterly’s anger flared, “No you!!....” but he caught himself and softened.  “I see,”  he said, “The coat of arms you wear as pages are for whom?”
Broox stands straight and puffs out his chest and says, “We are pages for the Black and White Knight.”
Ivar steps to where the twins can see him but Shafterly cannot as the Kraigsleigh Captain asks, “Who is the Black and White Knight?”

Ivar shakes his head and before Ashe can speak he elbows his brother in the ribs and says, “He is the great knight of this castle.”
Still keeping an eye on Ivar, Broox sees the captain gesture with his hand to be away so Broox frowns and says, “Pardon, sir, we must tend to our duties.” He pulls Ashe away and they hurry in to the stable.
Ivar turns aside just before Shafterly glances over his shoulder at the captain.  Shafterly struggles to keep his rage in check. He gives orders to his men to depart. He turns to Philburt and says, through clenched teeth, “Thank the lord of the castle for his hospitality.”
Philburt, never letting his eyes stray from Shafterly, said “I will relay your message good Captain.”
The gates are closed and secured. Ivar releases the honor guard back to their duties, complimenting them as they go.
Upon their departure, Philburt says, “So Ivar, I don’t believe I have ever seen anyone having such a difficult time hiding their surprise and irritation.”
“Irritation I should guess, disguised rage more the like.”
“I believe you are right, if you need me I will be with father.”

The Covenant

Luke dismounted from Shahjeen a short distance from the village. Standing in the cold morning air, he sees little movement. Even for a cold pre-winter day the place is overly quiet. It is this inactivity that causes him to stop before he enters the village. He whispers and bids Shahjeen to stay until he is needed.  Shahjeen nuzzles his shoulder in understanding.  Luke walks around and into the village. By the number of daub and waddle  houses he estimates the size at near fifty souls.
He steps between two houses and finds himself on the hard packed road leading through the village.   A voice calls to him a short distance away. “A man with so sure a step must have a purpose.”
Looking to his right Luke sees an elderly man bundled in well worn but serviceable clothing, sitting a short distance away. As he walks toward the older man, he speaks again, “Light footed, self assured and fearing no man.”
As Luke approaches, the man’s turns his face him with colorless, sightless eyes.  “You see many things that others with eyes only guess at,” Luke says, as he stops in front of the oldster.
The old man chuckles, “You must be the knight that they search for.”
“Who might you be and who might they be?”
“My question first.  Are you the knight of no colors, only the white and black of holy good and holy wrath?”

Luke had never heard such a description of himself but could not deny its' accuracy. “Yes, that I am.”
“Then you are the warrior who’s coming has been foretold.”
“You speak in riddles. What are the answers to my questions?”
“I, brave knight am Theodore Sinclaire, a name not spoken for many a long year; and they? They are the thugs of Alexander.”
“Alexander, the lord at Kraigsleigh?”
“Self appointed lord, he is the  usurper who overpowered the good Lord Carleton. Alexander Alltimont sequesters himself away from the rest of the world the better to hide his dastardly personage,” Sinclaire said.
“Were there two of the ruffians?”
“Why, yes, they were here last eve, drinking the village dry and trying to bully answers out of us.”
The man turned his head and pointed to an ugly purplish bruise covering the side of his face.
“They left me with this remembrance of them. They were unmerciful, even though we had nothing to tell. Only from legend and until this moment, we knew nothing of you and we know not when the Lady Enarrah will visit us. She comes and goes as she pleases unless she is called here.  Her healing skills are held with high regard here and abouts.”
As he leans back against the house where he sits, Theodore says, “I am weary from the nights goings on and I must rest.”
“Good Sinclaire, I can tell that you are learned and wise, so know this, the two men who terrorized this place will never return. I will make every effort to see that none of the rest of their band do either.”
The old man’s head rested against the side of the small house, and he said. “I thought I smelled the scent of blood about you, but I could not tell for sure because of my recent knock to the head.”
“It is as you say. They have already met their Maker. Can you tell me, is there a cart maker in this village?”
“At the end of the lane, towards the pasture lands. He is a good and decent man, Orlando by name.”
“Well and good then, now rest wise-one.  When you are able, tell the rest of the folk here what I have said.  Peace be with you.”
Luke turned to walk back to his horse and heard the man exclaim. “Wait! Before you go may I touch your sword?”
Luke  detached the sword and scabbard at his side and reached it down to the mans hand. His fingers felt the weapon and he said, “No, the forte.”
With his thumb Luke pushed the sword a few inches from its scabbard. The old mans fingers found the cross shot through the steel. He slowly retrieved his hand and a smile drew across his lips, “It’s true, The Covenant is true.”
At that the old man drifted asleep with a smile upon his lips.
As Luke walked the to the end of the lane, he was greeted by the early dawns light, full in the sky. In the windows and the doorways and the alleyways of the neatly kept ville he was greeted with shy smiles and waves. He tried to gesture, smile or wave to everyone in return. The words of Sinclaire, 'The Covenant' bring forth all too vivid memories of the recurring dream that has been with Luke since his youth...
The cartman stood outside his corral.  “How may I help you Sir Knight?”

“Orlando, I need some of your time for the completion of a task.”
“You have but to command me Great Knight, he said with a bow.”
Sir Luke returned the bow with a nod and taking two silver coins from his purse, he held them out. “Orlando, take this for proper payment for a job to be well done.  Just outside the other end of the village, at the end of this lane, a short walk into the trees you will find a string of five  horses. Several are laden with arms and gear. I would that you lead these animals to Strathenham and tell Captain Thorgoodson that the Black and White Knight sent them.”
Orlando nodded his assent, saying, “Right now, Sir Knight,” then he turned and strode up the lane.
Luke turned and looked up the lane into the village.
The sides were lined with men, women and their children. They were all doing the same thing. The mothers and fathers were gesturing toward Luke, telling their sons and daughters in hushed and reverent tones of the legend that stood before them.  
“Always remember they urged, always, as long as you shall live; see and remember what the face of justice and truth looks like.”
Luke waved his open hand high above his head in farewell. As he turned Shahjeen came up to his side and Luke deftly mounted his great steed, he waved one final time and rode into the forest.
His first thought:  “...must make an end to this ugly business and continue the king’s quest.”
His next thoughts:  '...thirteen evil men dead by his hand in less than a day, ambitious  lords, kidnapping, murderous plans, haunting memories, legends, a great red-eyed lion, prophesy; and... Lady Enarrah'.

Intrigue

Erick Shafterly knew well that Lord Alexander would not take the news of his very short trip to Strathenham in good humor. He had better play-up the role of outraged
underling lest Alexander’s wrath be turned upon him.  As he and his men rode up to the Kraigsleigh gate a man sitting horseback was waiting.
The Captain asked, “What is your business here?”

“A message for Lord Alexander.”
Alexander was slacking his great thirst as he stood waiting. He was surprised at the short length of time that Shafterly had been gone.  It did not bode well that his Captain was back so soon. Just then the doors burst open. Captain Shafterly blew into the room like the devil’s own wind. Emitting a guttural roar, he stormed to the table, grabbed the flagon of ale and downed it. He slammed the empty mug onto the table, grabbed a second mug and downed half of that and set it hard onto the table.
“Well?  Report!” Alexander exclaimed.
Reining himself in Shafterly stated, “I entered Strathenham fully expecting to find an invalid, near death; instead I found Lord Northerland hale and hearty.  It was like seeing a specter from the mist. He greeted me himself, very polite and very arrogant.  He was haughty and full of himself as were Philburt and that upstart Ivar.  I thought to impress them with the ten armed men that I brought with me.  Ha. Near twice that number were there on guard,  on full guard and alert mind you, between myself and the great Lord William.” Shafterly knew he was treading a fine line, timing was everything here, to save perhaps his very life.
The gravel in Alexander’s voice had turned to a growl, “Go on!”
“Not only that, his men were wearing our men’s weapons and gear.   His open ridicule was worse,  your six horses were on display with his herd in the paddock.  The wench was nowhere to be seen, busy with matters elsewhere I was told. It was a stinging insult and a direct affront to you my lord.”
	
He watched as Alexander’s fists clinched and unclenched, and the veins in his neck protruded like purple cord ropes.  The man was about to explore into one of his tirades.  At this auspicious juncture, as he stared into Alexander’s anger filled eyes in a low and steady voice he said. “And there is news my lord.”
Shafterly caught him on an inhale and he saw the  look.  A force of blue steel resolve and composure, washed over Alexander’s countenance. Three words came from his lips, in a rock hard whisper. “What is it?”
“There is a messenger.”
Alexander raised a single finger in front of his captain’s chest and said, “Gather your men and horses with provisions for several days and be prepared to ride hard. Where is the messenger?”
“In the anteroom to your study, with one of our men.”
Before Erick could finish, Alexander was striding away. In moments he was pushing through his study door. Without ceremony, he said, pointing to the messenger. “You come with me.” Pointing to the soldier he said, “You report to your Captain, now.”
As the messenger followed Alexander into his main study, the lord turned and shut the door. The room was immense with a dozen or more brazers and torches burning from monolithic stone pillars. The centerpiece desk was massive. Parchments, books, maps, drawings, and sketches littered the expanse of it.  A large drawing of Britannia was spread out on one ornate table separated by itself with braziers all about it.
The lord strode forward to his desk. He pulled off his great coat threw it in a chair and opened a bottle of wine from the selection on the sideboard and poured it into a huge goblet. He drank it down, breathing deep and steady, accentuating his hard razor like appearance.
“What message do you have?”
The man stood straight, reached inside his doublet and removed a small rolled parchment and handed it over.
Alexander took it and strode to the fireplace. He stood ten paces away, flooded in full light as tree branches burned in the hearth. He deftly broke the seal and read the contents. With his back to the messenger, he allowed a feral grin to spread across his face. He strode to a sconce and threw the note into the brazier and watched as it incinerated. He strode back to his desk and said, “Stand by the door.”
He sat down at his desk, snatched a small piece of parchment and with quill and ink wrote but one word and two letters:  “Yes, AA.”  He rolled it, applied wax and seal, got up and walked toward the messenger. On the way past a stone pillar he stopped. He held the wax seal on the cold stone to harden the seal. He handed it to the messenger with one silver coin.
“Tell Captain Shafterly that I sent you to get a fresh horse, return this message from whence you came.”

Without a word the man concealed the small scroll and the coin on his person and left.
Alexander strode to the map on its lone table.  He gazed down. His own introspection calmed and soothed him. He had been in an angst since capturing this castle and that had consumed his waking thoughts. He was trying to figure a way to deal with Sir William Northerland, the Lord of Strathenham.  As if by fate, he was given the means to destroy  Northerlund, take the castle and have the girl; all handed to him on a solid plate of gold. He had put years of his life planning to some glorious end. Soon it would all be his. Soon all who had scorned and ridiculed him throughout his entire life would pay and pay dearly, some with their very lives.  His fingers idly traced the outlines of the sections of Northern Britannia and Scotland, smiling like a boy with his first practice sword.
He strode to the huge oak doors of his study and slammed the bolts into the locks.  He then made his way into the dark recesses in the back of the large room.  In a three walled corner his hands found the correct  levers and catches. Soon he was descending stairways and hallways deep in the substructure of the old castle. From the treasure trove with chests of silver, gold and precious stones that he had been given for this task he secured two pouches containing one hundred pieces of gold and one hundred pieces of silver.  Within minutes he had made his way back, unlocked the well-oiled bolts to his study, swung the door wide and was almost but not quite surprised to see his captain standing there.

“This is what you will do Captain,” he explained, “Your men number two score.  Leave me five good men, take the rest and find me as many more men who will follow my orders without question, as you can. Tell your men that for every such man that they find, that new man will be given a gold coin. The man that recruits him will be given a silver coin. You have as short a time as possible. Our men are to receive their silver when they return to the castle. Here is one hundred gold pieces and here is a bag of silver to buy as many horses, arms and provisions as you can. If you are half as successful as I believe you will be, I will put twice the amount of all you see here into your hands upon your return.  When I am finished, Strathenham will be mine!”
As Alexander spoke, Shafterly became more and more alert and focused.  He had escaped Alexander’s wrath, this time.  He said with resolve, “All that you want, you shall have. We leave within the hour.”
At that, he strode away.

Love Promised

Randolph saw little of Sir Robert the first day of their journey. They all had ridden hard and Robert lived up to his namesake by ranging through the forest, up the road and through the countryside, ever on the alert. He was often accompanied in these tasks by one or more of the guardsmen who were both scouts or trackers.  After altering their course through most of the first day, on the morning of the second they returned to the main road. 
Since then, the traveling became easier and quicker. It was just mid-morning and the sun shone bright, warming the crisp late Autumn day. Sir Robert had finished a circuit of the road ahead and sidled his horse beside Randolph’s and they rode in silence for some minutes, side by side.
Just as Randolph was going to breach the quiet between them one of the guardsmen galloped up, reined his horse beside Sir Robert and said as he pointed. “Look there Sir Knight, a rider pushing hard across the glen, about three long bow shots away, going norwest with an extra horse.”
“Good eyes Harold, head up the road and scout our way for a short time and return;” Robert said as he watched the rider in the distance.
The observant guardsman spurred his horse to the task as Robert observed aloud, “He rides for Strathenham or Kraigsleigh perhaps, it is a messenger.”
Randolph asked, “How do you know he is a messenger?”
“Look and learn, young lord. See the steed he rides? It is an animal of speed, not of war or a working animal. The rider himself is slight of build, is little encumbered and his clothes fit snug. You can see that they do not blow in the breeze as he rides. This is to decrease the wind resistance and his position hunched over the animal does the same. Hence, a messenger.”
“I wonder to where he rides?”
“I would send a man to follow and find out but we cannot spare even one. I know not what the letters you carry contain but I do know that you and the importance of its’ delivery far outweigh any passing gain that might be earned by our expenditure of valuable time. We must press on.”
“Why would you think it is Strathenham or Kraigsleigh, and not farther to the Douglas and the shore?”
“The second horse is sheened with sweat, he just changed mounts.  Also, his pace reflects the distance; to the Douglas or farther at so ardent a pace would require a rest or an additional mount.”
A short time further, the guardsman, Harold, was returning at a gallop. He pulled up, breathing hard, “Sir Robert, riders coming this way at a steady pace, perhaps a dozen.”
Robert replied, “Two bowmen away, each side, within ear shot; the rest of you by me and around the young lord.”
They kept their horses at a brisk walk. A few minutes later, as they topped a small rise, in the distance they could see the banners waving in the wind. The King’s banner shown in the breeze and Randolph said, “I wonder what this could be about.
Robert replied, “We will soon know.”
As the entourage came nearer Randolph could see the figure of a woman riding amidst a half score of knights. As the group came closer Randolph recognized Annabella, a member of the King’s Court.  Her mother and the queen were sisters.  A broad smile crossed his face.
Robert noticed the smile and said, “I see you know who is approaching.”
“Yes, I do.  We met at court some months ago. I was sent there in Philburt’s stead, while he took care of matters at the castle.”
She sat straight and tall in her saddle with wisps of her short cropped chestnut hair seen under the hooded cloak of dark forest green that cascaded down the sides of the horse.  She looked barely out of her teens but carried herself with a woman's grace.
She spoke without any of the affectations attributed to ladies of the Royal Court, her shining blue eyes looking at Randolph, “Hail Northerlund!”
“Hail DelaCroy; it is good to see you. I see that little has changed since I last saw you, legions of men still keep your company.”

She laughed aloud, “And you have changed little yourself Randolph Northerlund, you still make me smile whenever I see you.”
Robert took measure of her escort. They were thirteen good knights and true, all wearing coat of arms and a myriad of weapons of their choosing.  As the two groups closed to one another, the knights and the friends faced one another.  With his arm raised and hand open Robert hailed the knight in a sign and recognition of respect and honor.  The rugged mountain of a man astride a black destrier returned the hail.

At this exchange Annabella turned her gaze to Robert and said, “Sir Knight, who may you be, I know you not.”
Robert hesitated only for a moment and Randolph spoke up, “Lady Annabella DelaCroy may I present Sir Robert Verragon of Rangeley.   He and my father fought in the crusades together and we are fortunate to have him with us at Strathenham.”
“Good day to you Sir Robert.  Lord William is the reason for my journey. The king is concerned about him and I convinced his Majesty that it should be a member of the Royal Family who inquires in person as to the state of his health.  I also with discretion requested that it should be me who made the journey, fortunate for me a choice also favored by the Queen.”
“Tell me Randolph, how fares your father?”

“Very well thank you. I am en route to the King’s Legate to entreat an audience on my father’s behalf.”
“You say he is well? It has been reported that he was in poor health and declining.”
“Your description is accurate up until yesterday when, due to a series of incredible events, my father regained his health and his vigor.”
“How so?”
“It is involved and somewhat complicated and is a tale better suited for Sir William to tell. But there are a few things that I will say. Let us talk more together in private.”
At this, the two young nobles led their horses a few paces away, and as they pulled up Annabella loosed the ties from the front of her cloak and let it fall to her sides.
Randolph could not help himself from looking at her from head to toe, she was beautiful.  The vambraces and snug leathers she wore accentuated her lithe slim figure. A short sword and dagger were sheathed on either side of her gambeson belt and she looked every bit the warrior woman.  She carried herself with dignity and reflected a sense of purpose.  Prior to this he had only ever seen her dressed in lavish gowns and court finery.
“You’re staring Randolph,” she said with a smile.
“In admiration and respect Anna.”
“You know, young Lordling,” she said; “you are the only man other than family I allow to use that name, so please do so with care least wagging tongues find gossip of us.”
“Sweet Lady, the honor of it touches my heart; were it up to me I would say, sing and whisper your beautiful name day and night, for all the rest of time to come.”
“I will tell you a thing, Randolph Northerlund.  I love my king and I love your father, for their friendship is my purpose in undertaking this journey; but truth be told, I have longed to see you again. No man has ever touched my spirit as you have done.  Now, here you are riding away, and once again I know not when I shall see you.”
“Worry not my sweet Lady, you will still be at Strathenham when I return.  This is an expedient trip to the viceroy and I will be coming back with all haste to return vital documents into my father’s hands.  Did you send a messenger to father to advise of your arrival?”
“No, not I, my Captain was to dispatch a rider to announce my arrival at Strathenham, but that will not occur ‘til the 'morrow.”
“Anna, there has been much trouble here abouts these many months.  Our livestock has been robbed, unexplainable fires have occurred and villagers have disappeared.  Yesterday, open hostility erupted when six men attacked Lady Enarrah and her two maids just outside our own castle walls”
“Please!  Randolph!  Please tell me she is alright!”
“Yes, yes she is; she had a bad scare but was unharmed, thanks to Sir Luke.”
“Sir Luke Wynnewood, knight legend of the Crusades?”
“One and the same; you know of him?”
	“Indeed I do for until just a short time ago he was in residence at the King’s Household.”

“Then you have met him Anna?”
“No, he was almost a recluse while there, but the Queen held audiences with him and speaks of him with high praise. It is true then, that his goodness knows no bounds, and he doles out justice as if by God’s own hand?”
“All true, for a fact I have not met him either, but father knows him well.  It was father that was his mentor during the Crusades in the Holy Land when Sir Luke was made a knight.  He should be back at the castle about the same time you arrive.”
“I’ll be the talk of all the gossip mongers of Edinburgh for having met him.  While at court he was pursued by numerous ladies there and avoided them all.”
“Annabella, you have this day made me the happiest man alive with your words of trust and the feelings in your heart.  I swear by all the Saints above that as soon as these arduous times are past, you and I will be together, if you so wish it.”
“Randolph, I do so wish it with all my heart, but I pray you keep this between us alone, for the intrigues of court are felt throughout the land, even in The Borders.  Now, let us be away, for the sooner we are now parted, the sooner we will see each other again.”

+++++

A huge Fleming Knight carrying a Longsword at his belt and a battle axe in scabbard by his saddle, rode up to Sir Robert.  He was garbed in tartan plaid and a pastel green tunic with three white stars above a crowned scarlet heart emblazoned thereon.  His smile and easy going manner bespoke volumes of his confidence and ability.
”I am Edward Douglas of the King’s Court and lead these knights to escort the Lady on her errand.”
“I am Robert Verregon, we have had serious trouble in these parts of late, it might bode well for you to send outriders on watch while we are here.” 
In saying this Robert moved his horse closer to Edward’s, his hand resting at ease toward the edge of his doublet. “You and your men are of a fine cut. For myself, I have come from the West and am traveling East.” He said this last almost in a whisper and in saying so he upturned the corner of his doublet in a slight flourish to draw attention to the symbol emblazoned there.
Sir Edward followed the motion of Robert’s hand and there stitched on the reverse side was a small perfect pyramid with an all seeing eye at the apex. Robert smoothed his doublet back over.  As he did so,  Edward, with a wave of his hand in a signaling motion, sent  four men to range the area.
As he proffered his hand in friendship, Edward said “We are well met, brother. How may I be of service?”
Robert said, “The trouble of which I spoke involves the neighboring lands of Lord Alexander.  Hard evidence would seem to indicate that he has severe designs on Castle Strathenham.  Young Randolph Northerland there is Sir William’s middle son and we go to Edinburgh to get help with plans to resolve this tense situation.”
Edward said, “I will keep an even closer watch on our charge and our surroundings between here and there. Is there anything we can do to help the situation?”
“Yes forsooth, there is.  Upon reaching the castle, you will find a knight. His colors are black and white and his name is Sir Luke Wynnewood.”
Edward’s eyes narrowed and he looked up into the azure blue sky.  He pondered to himself for several moments about the wonders of the world and  Almighty God, safe in His Heaven; while mere mortals, specks in the universe, strove for goodness and decency in a world of hardship and strife.
Edward Douglas lowered his eyes and looked at Robert saying with reverence' “You speak of the man that they call ‘Black and White Knight, The Ghost’ do you not brother?
“One and the same.”
“You are telling me that I will find this man at Castle Strathenham?”
“On the lands thereabouts yes,” Robert said,  “and at present he, with the score of guardsmen at the castle defend and protect its’ people and all the Elleghane lands.  Yesterday, in a matter of hours, he saved the life of the Lady of the castle by slaying six killers, and the lives of two children by revealing a traitor in our midst. This I know of first hand. By now his tally may be even greater.  He has pledged his sword to the Lady Enarrah and Lord William Northerlund.”
Edward replied, “Away on other matters I am just a week back to court but I was told he had been there just before I returned. It was said he was seen by few, did not stay long and not a soul knew of his whereabouts. Wynnewood the Brave is spoken of in hushed and reverent tones, and to my way of understanding, rightly so.  He is revered by men and women alike, and many believe he is in truth blessed by God. He is called “The Ghost.”
Robert continued, “I know not from whence he came before yesterday, but there is no doubt that it is him, for he is known to me.  We fought together in the terrible conflicts, as did Sir William.”
“Yes, The Douglas' know the stories well from kith and kin alike.  As it was told to me, Sir William Northerland was mentor to the youngest man in Jerusalem ever to be made a knight. Upon our arrival at Strathenham I will ensure that both know that I and my men will be at their service in the name of King David, Queen Maud and Lady Delacroy.”
Edward, regarding kin; a recent discussion passed betwixt young Randolph and I concerning the destination of a messenger we just saw headed towards the coast. I determined that he was bound for Strathenham or Kraigsleigh and not to The Douglas of the West, whom I discern your clan to be.”
“Aye Robert, those are my people, and I know of no message carrier en route to my kinfolk.  Although truth be told, I am not privy to all the goings on of the clan.  I have been away many a long year and had thought it perhaps possible to pay respects to my father while in these parts.”
“I would hope that your good intentions bear fruit brother, for family I have none, save the Northerlunds.”
“From my heart, I thank you for that sentiment Good Robert.  How can my men and I aide Wynnewood?”
“Sir Luke was not there when I left and does not know of my departure nor the mission on which we ride.  He should have returned to the castle close on to the time you arrive. Tell him that we were well met and well regarded and that I will return as soon as I can with the young lord. 
Edward, this is a grave and  disturbing matter, give no quarter to any who would approach you with ill intent from here to the castle.  Lord Alexander has hired mercenaries, their numbers are unknown to us.  But this we know for certes, they are ruthless men and without honor.”
As Sir Edward turned to speak with his knights, Randolph and Annabella returned to the group. Randolph said, “Robert, I have advised them to make all speed to gain the safety of Strathenham.  Lady Annabella said the King’s Court sent no messenger and she knew of none being sent by anyone else and with certainty none were sent to Strathenham Castle.
“Then young lord it would do us well to make haste. The sooner we reach our destination, the sooner we may return.”
“My sentiments as well Sir Robert.”
“Sir Robert, you have related the seriousness of this situation to Sir Edward have you not?” asked Lady Annabella.
As he turned on his horse to address the girl he noticed that her cloak had slipped to her sides, revealing her armor and weapons.  His estimation of the girl’s worth rose several notches. 
In recognition of this Robert spoke with respect, “My lady, all information and care has been noted and well received.  Please relate to Sir William that a messenger, riding hard and fast was just this morn headed toward Kraigsleigh Castle. We are away, fare well.”
“Thank you Sir Knight, our meeting here and all it concerned will be relayed to Lord William.  Sir Edward, we must be gone from here.”
Sir Edward Douglas signaled for his outriders to come in. He, Annabella and their knights set off at a fast trot.
Moments later Randolph, Robert and the guardsmen put foot to horse and were again on their way.

Legacy

As she sat Enarrah could not remember there ever being a time in her life before today when she felt so tired and so content all at once.  The day had been filled with activity and accomplishment.  
Midway through the day while cleaning and revamping the West Wing, Lady Violet’s Wing, Sir William had come and said he was moving back into the great chamber in that section of the castle. The wing and the chamber had been unused since Lady Violet had passed on and when Sir William had returned from Crusade he refused to go there.  Out of respect for him, everyone in the castle had stayed away from there as well.  
He could not endure the memories where he and his true love had spent so much precious time.  His three sons had all been born there and it was also there that Lady Alicia had held forth as the matriarch.
Enarrah reflected on the many changes and surprises that had abounded throughout this day.  Each one a goodness in its’ own way.  Each breathing greater life into the castle itself and giving greater purpose and fulfillment to all those within its’ walls.  Even the guards had pitched in and helped, most of their own volition and on their own time.  As if a castle guard could really be said to have his own time. 
Philburt directed the moving and placement of the heaviest and most cumbersome of the furnishings; and Bertrand along with Father Dunkin, helped oversee the monumental cleaning tasks. It was the best labor of all, that of pride in accomplishment.
The twins had been indispensable.  Early in the day, under Thomas’ watchful guidance Broox and Ashe had turned the stable, paddock, corral and practice field from a mismanaged hodgepodge into an organized equestrian showplace. Throughout the rest of the day the lads were a constant moving blur of communication; running messages and errands for Sir William, the sons, Bertrand, Ivar, their mother and Enarrah herself.
What an incredible day.  Her bones ached to the marrow and she felt exhausted and elated all at once.  She whispered another prayer for the safe return of Luke Wynnewood.  All the day long and when she least expected it, her heart pined for this man she had barely seen, hardly knew, had not formally met and had falsely accused of terrible doings.  
She was now certain beyond all doubt that she had been wrong about him.  The snippets
of conversation and outright comments made about Luke all during this day by people all around her helped her see things much better. The real truth of it was that the goodness she felt in him and of him, she also felt for him.

Right at that moment she wished more than anything else to be able to look into those penetrating eyes of his and tell him so. She put it from her mind, and centered her thoughts on the myriad of details to be finished on the morrow.  Of a sudden she felt hungry and remembered that she hadn’t eaten since dawn.
	
As she was gathering her strength to seek out the kitchen her thoughts were interrupted by a soft voice and she turned to see her dear friend standing beside her.  
“It would seem by the intent look on your face, other than outright fatigue of course, that you might have been thinking on what I mentioned about your now being a woman grown, Heatherlyn said.”
“In my own way, after a fashion; just so, yes.”
“It’s a fine job you’ve made of it with Lady Violet’s wing.  There are now two dozen more rooms of living space.  You know Enarrah, she would be most proud of you, as are we all.  I have my suspicions that we will be needin’ those fine skills of yours and the extra room as well.”
At this last comment Enarrah looked with a question in her eyes at her friend and mentor.
“Not to worry your pretty head my dear young lady.  I can’t grasp the particulars of what I say, it is just a feeling I have, that’s all.  The Earth Mother tuggin' on the threads of my memory.”   
Now on to greater things.  Your day is not over yet.  Sir William entreated me to see that you are cared for and well supped, he has seen that you’ve been running yourself ragged the day long and that you didn’t stop for food.  
After you are pampered quite nice, which I must say will be my particular enjoyment in doing, you are to see him in his chambers. Now, dear friend, your repast and your hot bath await you in your new chambers.”
“My new chambers?”
“Why yes, my dear Lady of the Castle,  your new chambers.  While you were engaged in your efforts in the west wing,  Sir William was immersed in activities of his own.  All of your belongings have been moved into the chambers in which he has, up until today, been in residence; and within which a few appropriate changes have been made.”
Ever so unladylike, Enarrah’s jaw dropped and her mouth fell open, and the only words she could manage to get out in a soft whisper were, “Oh my goodness.”
As Heatherlyn helped Enarrah to her feet and they walked through the corridors the words came out in a distinct exclamation, “Oh--My--Goodness--Gracious!”
Enarrah caught her breath as they entered through the all too familiar doorway and into the chambers beyond where during the last year she had spent more time than in her own room.  Expecting the dark richness and deep hues of forest colors, she instead was confronted with a cavernous expanse filled with light and softness.  Pastels and whites greeted her everywhere.  The tapestries, drapes, bed linens and even the rugs bespoke a distinctly feminine presence.
Mairi and Elsbeth stood near the fireplace giggling back and forth.  A table there was laden with sumptuous food and drink. Sconces and candelabra were lit throughout.  “My Lady,” Elsbeth said, “Heatherlyn and we two put our best efforts into this for you, all with Philburt’s help and guidance.”
“Philburt?  All with Philburt’s guidance.  How amazing.”
As she walked across her new chamber, her sense of smell became aware. There were white fall roses, in vases, on tables, on the dressers and desks.  Their smell was intoxicating. The chamber was warm and cozy as she sat to the table and was served supper by her maids.  
Heatherlyn gave her goodbye and was off on other duties. Mairi scurried to secure the door and Enarrah’s mind soared.  She had finished eating and sat for a few moments watching the firelight in the hearth, dancing to and fro, with poise and grace. It was at that very moment that she felt the beauty and the happiness of her life enfold her, and so it was her thoughts returned again to Luke.
Luke the Brave, Luke the Good, handsome and fearless.  Those burning dark eyes saw into her spirit, into her mind and into her heart.  At that very moment she knew that she loved him.
The feeling swept over her in warm soft caresses and she felt serenity enfold her spirit.
As she languished in the hot tub the waves of tender emotion caressed the shores of her heart. 

She could not stop smiling. 

She was aware of everything as if for the first time.  The land, the castle, this room, her heart and especially her body, all of her body was new and wonderful. Now she understood it was Luke that made her so aware of it all.  It was then she remembered this day of wonders was not over yet.

+++++
	
William Northerland had watched his lady niece all the day long. A dozen different times he had seen her expressions, her movements and her interactions with others.  He was looking for a sign, but he didn’t know what.  Something, anything... What he saw was her efficiency, diligence and unbridled efforts for all the tasks at hand.  
He had faced down blood thirsty Saracens, errant knights and pompous royalty.  Now, as he paced the floor of his chamber he could not think for the life of him how he was to explain to this darling sweet little lass that she must marry Luke Wynnewood.  A man whom she had blatantly, though misguidedly, called a killer.  
Without thinking he called to his wife. “Violet, what am I to do?”
His sweet Violet had come to him in his dreams last night. 
It was the first time this had happened since he’d been home. In his dream they were standing in the meadow in early summer, during their courtship. The green of the rolling glen was contrasted by the incredible lavender of flower blossoms covering everywhere like a carpet.  He had held both her hands in his and she had given him that incredible, beatific smile of hers' that she had since the first day he saw her in their youth.  The 'this is a beautiful life, all is well, all is right with the world smile'!
Other than the subject of his talk with Enarrah for this evening, that dream had been with him all the day long.  Somehow, someway it was as if the two events should go together.  How; he did not know, yet the feeling was there and it was strong. So, as he posed the question to his dear wife’s spirit he stopped and waited, half expecting an answer. 
As the moments went by and all that responded was the crackling of the fire in the hearth and an intemperate wind at the windows, he grinned. Maybe the dream was the answer, just the shear beauty of it.  
With that realization he stopped pacing, sat in his old comfortable chair by the hearth, and the fire was radiant. He let his mind settle on that. Yes, that was the answer. It would all go well with Enarrah.
Now that his mind was settled with this, his thoughts wandered to other events of the day.  

His talks with Philburt were many. The two of them had spent several hours going over in depth and at length about the current situation with Alexander and the security of the castle and the village. 
They had examined the gold coins found on Neeley and three more of the same found hidden in the stable with the rest of his belongings.  Ivar had removed all traces of the man from the castle.  
During the course of the day the conversations had included Captain Ivar, young Thomas and Bertrand. 
The so called random unlucky events related by his two sons and the Captain that had occurred during his convalescence were in large part, if not as a direct result of Alexander and his henchman Shafterly. There had been attacks by reivers of livestock,  fires of unknown origin that had occurred in the fields and several incidences where villagers had been beaten or vandalized and some of them had just plain disappeared.
Judging by the surprise and the suppressed rage that he had seen on Shafterly’s face during his impromptu visit just that morning the man fully expected Sir William to be at death’s door if not dead already. The pretext for his arrival being in order to require water for his horses and his men was blatantly a lie.  
Thomas had reported that his horses drank not at all, and his men sparingly. Somewhere, from some unknown source of knowledge and authority Alexander had learned of Enarrah’s legacy. The sooner Luke returned the sooner a greater sense of safety would prevail upon the castle. For although his guardsmen were hardened fighters, they were no fit match for hired assassins and mercenaries.

+++++

There was a knock upon William's chamber door. He knew it to be Enarrah’s from all these past months of hearing it thrice daily. This time there was something different about it. Although it was clearly identifiable as hers, there was something different about it, that he could not quite place; confidence perhaps?  
As he walked to the door with this thought on his mind he was not prepared for the sight that he beheld. Standing there was not the girl who had given her erstwhile ministrations to an ailing man but a woman in full bloom and full of life.
He stood there staring, awestruck. He looked at her from head to toe and back again. 
There, standing before him in a pastel green gown of fine linen, adorned with a scarlet belt and matching wristlets, flowing waves of hair swept back beneath a small lace cap with shining eyes and radiant smile stood not Enarrah the girl, but Enarrah the Lady of Elleghane.
The silence was broken by the soft timber of her voice saying.
“Sir William, I am here at your behest.”
Yes, yes,” he flustered. “Come in my dear young lady, come in.”
In saying, he took her by the hand and took her across the room to the two chairs by the fireplace. He led her to the smaller of the two. 
When he bade her to be seated she protested, “Lord William, I mustn’t, this was Lady Violet’s favored place.”
“Go on, seat yourself lassie, I am sure that she would want it so.”
As he himself sat down he could not help but think how beautiful and poised she was. Indeed her curling tresses and sparkling eyes reminded him so very much of Lady Alicia the Kind, her mother Pauline and Violet, his own lady love. Could it be? Could it possibly be that the look of love was on this incredible woman? Maybe it could. He offered her a glass of warmed wine, took a small drought of his ale and began.
“As the Lady of Castle Strathenham there are things that you must know and be made aware of.”
He paused, and as he did so she said, “You are very gracious uncle but I am only lady here because you have no lady of your own.”
“In point of fact Enarrah, you are the lady of this castle by right of birth ever since Lady Violet has been gone.”
She looked into his eyes. “How can this be? You are the lord of this castle. I have no claim here.”
“Verily, I say to you, Enarrah, it was your Grandmother Alicia whose claim this was, and her families’ before her. By royal proclamation it was given down to Lady Alicia after the passing of her father and therefore to your mother Pauline, she being the eldest daughter.  

It is not an overly rare thing,  it has happened many times down through our country’s history.  However, what accompanies such a situation, as well, is a great deal of secrecy. 

This secrecy is an overall practical matter of device and design in order to protect the Lady as well as her lands from hostile takeover by greedy, devious and sometimes murderous means.  As the surviving sister your Aunt Violet held the claim and since she has been gone you are the rightful heir and Lady of this place. My place here is as your trustee and protector and only that until such time as you come of age or are lawfully married.”
Enarrah, 'healer and helper', was now 'Lady Enarrah of Elleghane'.  She watched the flames licking at the logs in the fire, her brow furrowed and she asked, “Dearest Uncle William, what does this all mean?”
Throwing caution to the four winds Sir William replied. “It means my darling niece that somehow, someway, Lord Alexander has found out about your inheritance.   A curious thing in itself, because other than at court it is not widely known, and even there only those close to the royals would know of it. Every indication is that Alexander means to take you by force to get it.”

“Enarrah, before Lord Alexander can seize you, this castle and these lands; which surely seems his intention to do, you must marry.  It is my intention that you should be married to Luke Wynnewood.  He is the one protector who, without question, can preserve both your safety and the sanctity of Elleghane lands.  The wedding itself and the immediate announcement should foil Alexander's plans.”
William took a deep breath, held it for some moments and waited. He expected an outburst of protestations from the girl healer turned Lady Woman. He expected tears, he expected consternation, but what he got was what he least expected and should not have been surprised to hear.
Strong and clear Enarrah said, “ Sir William I did not know myself before this very evening; that being the lady wife of Sir Luke Wynnewood is the greatest wish within all my heart.”
	
William was amazed and relieved. He exhaled the deep breath, watching the smile widening on her face. 
Returning it with his own beaming countenance he said, “I believe then it will be made to be so. I see by the look of you that you not only admire him, but you do love him as well, don’t you lass?”
“Yes, ‘tis true, I believe I do, and you are the first to know of it Uncle William.  I only knew myself  just before coming here to see you.”

The silence lasted for several awkward moments with neither knowing where to take the conversation. Then Enarrah spoke up, “Thank  you so much for my beautiful chambers.”
“Aye, you’re most welcome lassie, ‘tis only right for your Ladyship; and besides, I had the great need to be back here where I belonged.  In this room is where my deepest love for your Aunt Violet has always been, and indeed it feels good to be back here.”
 
He stood while saying this, having a look about the chamber. Without preamble, Enarrah got to her feet.  She took the short step and flung her arms high about Sir William’s neck.  Her head buried in his shoulder with tears streaming down her cheeks she said, “I love you so much Uncle William, I love you so very much; you’ve been the whole world to me, just as my own father would have.”
“Sir Melvin an' Lady Pauline a been rightly proud of you, they would; to see what a fine lady you’ve grown to be.”
As he held this delicate flower of womanhood, great Sir William Northerland of Elleghane, the grizzled veteran of wars, enfolded his niece with his battle scared arms.  His heart went out to her and he patted her back saying, “Everything will be well my lass, everything will be well.”

The young girl in her sprang forth and sputtered, “I know... I think I know... I believe I know, but... but what if Luke doesn’t love me? What if he doesn’t even like me?  He thinks I am a scatterbrained castle girl who believes him to be a cold blooded killer. He took no notice of me, and must think me to be an irritation.”
William held her away from him at arms length and looked deep into her eyes saying as he wiped the tears away, “Well, as to that, knowing the man as I do; and, from what our good Captain Ivar has to say, Sir Luke may very well have deep feelings for you as well.”
“But how can you know this? You haven’t even seen each other yet? He might not even come back here.”
	
“As I say. I know the man. He has seen the wrongs being done here and will not leave until they are all made right, even to the very end of himself.  Also, I know for a fact that he was in the village earlier today for he sent Orlando the cartman here with five horses and a number of supplies and weapons.”
“Weapons?”
“Yes, he had another run-in with some of Alexander’s men no doubt.  A good warrior will leave nothing behind for his enemies to use against him again if circumstances and time will allow him to do so.  Hence the horses and weapons he sent back here.  
He will return soon.”
On saying this he guided her back to her chair and continued, “Come, rest yourself, I will tell you the full of it, as I will tell Luke.” 

As he passed her a linen and lace hand cloth he said, “Now dry your tears Lady, have a few sips of wine and I’ll tell you the heart of all this...”
	
He sat himself and took a slow drink of ale from the ornate table that sat between the two of them. After a few minutes he continued, “When I left for the Crusades many years ago my good friend Lord Carlton held the lands and castle at Kraigsleigh. His sons had left for the East and perished there some years before that. He was very old when I left but still hearty and not ill of health. Some way, at a time after my leaving he was said to have succumbed to a mysterious illness.  
Lord Alexander took over Kraigsleigh. I believe him to be responsible for my friend’s fate.  He is also responsible for the long string of  mysterious bad happenings that has befallen Strathenham.  I know not the true extent and perhaps never will.  From what I can gather from my sons, Ivar, Bertrand and even Heatherlyn, Alexander’s and Shafterly’s rampaging influences have been extensive.”
At this Enarrah looked up at him, “Heatherlyn? What has she to do with all of this?”
	
“A great deal, you see although Heatherlyn grew up here at Strathenham she was born and spent her early years at Kraigsleigh. About three decades ago after Lord Carleton’s wife passed away he became overly fond of one of his wife’s maids who had been a great comfort to him when his wife died. 
Truth be told, the way he talked of her, I think he actually loved the girl. They had a daughter together, she is the only surviving heir to Kraigsleigh Castle. That is our Lady Stewardess. 
I believe Heatherlyn knows, her mother telling her before she passed away.  That is why her mother sent her here. So that no reprisals would be taken against her as Lord Carleton’s daughter. I believe she suspects that I know but we have never spoken of it.  As you know she met John Brookman here and they were wed.  I fear he too has perished in this terrible war as so many others have.  
I tell you this so that you may know that when Lord Alexander and his evil intentions are defeated, that if the King so wishes it, Kraigsleigh Castle and its lands could be deeded to Heatherlyn and her sons.”
Enarrah was awash in emotions. Not only had she found out that Strathenham was her legacy but her best friend was rightful heiress to Kraigsleigh Castle. She had known for a long time that her friend was in fact ‘Lady Heatherlyn’  but she never knew what she was lady of.   Enarrah sipped her wine.
	
“Sir William what do we do now?”
	
“We wait for Luke’s return and prepare to meet all hostilities that encroach upon your castle, dear Lady of Elleghane.”


Dreams


As Enarrah made her way back through the halls to her chambers she was filled with all manner of emotions. Her mind was awash in the tumult of events from the last two days. 
Her 'other' sense seemed to be reaching out into the darkness of the night. Just as it had seemed to do several times during the day. It was stronger now and felt as if it had greater purpose. As before the feelings and thoughts seemed to be wrapped around Luke Wynnewood.  
She was sure in her heart that she loved him. What would he say? What would he do when he found this out? What if he didn’t care for her as she did for him? What if he only looked at her or thought of her as a simple girl? Lord knows she had thought of herself the same way before. But not now. She knew them for what they were.  She was a woman now, with a woman’s responsibilities, desires and longings.  
She was in the midst of these thoughts and new feelings when Captain Ivar greeted her. His rugged face wore a  smile as he asked, “Does my Lady approve of her new chambers?”
Seeing that he had caught her unaware he said, “Sorry my Lady, I didn’t mean to give you a start.”

She answered, “That’s quite alright Captain, my mind was elsewhere.” Without preamble she asked, “Do you think Sir Luke will return soon?”
	
In the torchlight he noticed a greater bearing, a poise and dignity about her. She stood straighter and the dress that she wore more accentuated her feminine figure than he had ever seen before. Her tresses caressed her shoulders.  Her beseeching eyes looked deep into his own with an entreaty that was both alarming and heartfelt. He could swear that she had an actual glow about her.  All these thoughts of her occurred in an instant as he said, “Why, yes My Lady, perhaps on the morrow.”
“Do you really think so? Has there been word from him?”
	
“Not a word as such but I know that Sir Luke was in the village earlier today for he sent the cartman from there with captured horses and arms. They are no doubt from his recent foray about the castle lands, it would be my estimate that he would return soon.”
Enarrah bade him thank you and good night and went toward her chamber.
Captain Ivar called behind her, “Goodnight My Lady.”

She saw that the fire in her hearth was banked for the night and she disrobed.  She snuggled into the soft downy bedding and as she drifted off to sleep the handsome face of Luke Wynnewood filled her mind.
	
+++++
	
Enarrah stood in a place of absolute wonder and magic.  All her senses were inundated with a magnitude of beauty and sensitivity that she was certain could not be imagined.  A dream?  A most incredible dream?  A real dream?
Looking up she saw stars shining bright in the night sky and across the dome of the heavens all the colors of the rainbow shone in brilliant hues. The stream of colors  was moving in great waves of diaphanous light.  Hanging with majesty on the horizon was a silvery moon, big and bold.  
She stood wearing a low cut gown of shimmering white satin adorned with hundreds of small pearls, a perfect fit that hugged every curve of her body.  The intricate lace shawl draped over her shoulders was nothing like anything she had ever felt before; it caressed her skin and it too was of the purest white.  
She looked down at the incredible sight of her, she was wearing a gold necklace and on this loop hanging betwixt the fullness of her breasts was a dazzling pendant of gold.  The pendant was a detailed lion’s head with flowing mane and eyes of red rubies that shone from the reflection of the sky colors.  She should have wondered at the warm sensations that emanated from it, the feeling seemed natural and comforting.
She pulled the hem of the full length gown from her feet to see that she was wearing white satin high heeled slippers, every inch covered in the same intricate lace of which her shawl was made.  The shimmering ice on which she stood was mirror smooth and as she gazed at her own image she saw the mass of soft reddish blonde curls that framed her face.   Looking into her own eyes the incredible beauty reflected there made her heart beat faster.
Everywhere all around there were mountains of snow, ice and billowing frost clouds. She felt no cold. There before her, a short distance away, emerging from a  huge powder blue and white cloud, was a glorious castle made all of ice and snow, it seemed to be miles long and hundreds of feet high. Offset to either side of the castle were dozens of huge caverns with ornate carved entrances, no two of which were alike. She stared in awe at the wonders before her. She couldn’t help thinking that she was not cold.  As a matter fact she felt warmed and... and... at peace...  at home.  
Soft breezes wafted an intoxicating nimbus with the flowers of rose, jasmine, and peony; and the flavors of cinnamon, cloves, ginger.  She closed her eyes.  She could feel the delicate scents with every breath and taste the tangy spices on her tongue.  
She felt a shudder in the air, all around, as if by the beating of colossal wings and she heard the voices.  They were soft but audible.  The first sounded like rolling thunder traveling through rain clouds.  The second was light and melodious,  like feathers floating on a breeze.
(Thunder)  “Mione, it is the one you spoke of is it not?  The one foretold?”
(Feathers)  “Yes Miownlee, not to worry, she is one and the same. The Mistress of the Covenant of the Lion, she is here on search.  It is my place to welcome her as guest here.  Stay with the Younes dear heart, for the sight of you might give her a fright.”
(Thunder) “As you say, for your knowledge of such things surpasses my own.  I will attend the Younes but I will be on watch over you, as ever I am.  If it does not behave as of true heart, it will be dispatched as any other false one would be.”
(Feathers) “Oh mighty spirit, Eternal Protector, attend with your keen sight and you will be calmed by the goodness of her.  I will not be long for the bridge will not hold.  My love is yours Darlingest One.”
At this Enarrah looked from one part of the vast expanse to the other.  The shimmering ice was everywhere, reflecting the rainbow colors of the sky.  She noticed the slightest of movements our of the corner of her eye and turned to look. A shape appeared within the frosty mist and the crisp sound of hooves upon the ice reached her ears.  

She blinked, once, twice and a third time.  Emerging from one of the massive caverns of ice, walking through an ice cloud, was the most mythical creature of all the ages, a Unicorn.  Enarrah could feel in her heart that throughout heaven and earth this was the true matriarch of magical creatures.  Colossal in size, goodness and grace seemed to emanate in gentle waves from the Unicorn as she came forth.  

Born of legend and nurtured in the bosom of humankind the magnificent creature walked straight towards Enarrah.  Her long brilliant white mane shimmered silver in the moonlight.  Coal black hooves and yard long gold spiral horn became clear first.  Then her entire presence emerged from the center of the ice cloud.  She was of the purest most beautiful white and as the Unicorn approached she strode with dignity and grace.
It was then that Enarrah heard the feathery voice again, soft, like music, “I see you have grown to become a beautiful woman, Enarrah of Elleghane, I know why you are here.”
Enarrah heard the voice, not with her ears, but within her own mind.  This seemed right to be so and without hesitation her own thoughts replied, “I can hear you in my mind.”
The beautiful creature had come to a halt and with astounding grace sat down upon the ice on both her front and rear haunches.  In sitting thus the Unicorn now looked Enarrah eye to eye and said,
“Of course you can Lady Enarrah, I’ve always known that you could, as you yourself have always known.”
“Then you know me?  Have I seen you before?  Please tell me, by what do I address you?”
“You saw me just a short time ago, when you were young.  As to my name, well; I have had many down through the ages.  However, to you, being the one of The Covenant, I have a special name; and that is Mione.  It is very kind of you to ask, and it is my honor to gift it to you; but, what is most important is that my name is not what you seek.”
It seemed natural for Enarrah to be carrying on this conversation without speaking, she continued; “Mione, you have said that you know why I am here. Pray, tell me.”
“Why... the answer, young Mistress.”
“I certainly have many questions.  What is this beautiful place?  What are those magnificent lights in the sky?   Who was it I heard talking with a voice like thunder in the rain?”
At this last question, a rumble of laughter reverberates through every cavern, and  Enarrah smiles.
“He likes you, that is very rare.  This place is The Ice Sanctuary of Asgarrd and for The Eternal Protector, who laughs, and myself; this our home.  The colors in the sky are the Aurora.  And you sweet Enarrah are here for the answer, in front of which you stand.”
“But I stand in front of you, are you the answer ?”
“No, the answer is in this place.  It is another whom you will guide here, the answer will reside in him, and it will be his responsibility to give it to you if he so desires. That is all I can say.”
“The Palace is so beautiful, it looks as if it were carved from a single huge mountain of ice.”
“And so it was, but not all of this place is ice.”  Upon saying this Mione rose up to stand to her full height again. You must leave here soon, you will return and the answer will become known.”
”But Mione, I don’t even have the question.”
“All in good time Dear Lady, all in good time.  Sir Ron is ever steadfast. 
Now you must go, the threads to this realm grow thin and the bridge weakens, fare thee well Lady.”

+++++

“Mione, heart of my heart”.

“Yes,  my Great and Fearless?”

“You were right about her, she has a purity of the ages, as did Alicia the Kind.
“Yes Miownlee, she is a marvel of womanhood to behold.”
“Listen to the music. You have been away but a few brief moments and the Younes call to you with melodious singing.”

“They are amazing.”

An echoing roar resounds, a ball of fire shoots into the skies and the colors of The Aurora brighten and multiply.

“Of course, they are us.”

“I will go to them Miownlee, for you have a task to accomplish.   Seek out the king of wolves and tell him that his dark pack will need to be well fed, rested and ever vigilant. There will be a battle soon.”

+++++ 


Enarrah awoke.  She sat straight up in bed, wide awake, flinging the covers away from her.
She ran to the window and searched the starry night skies.
There, in the faraway distance to the north, faint but visible, shown the rainbow colors of the Aurora and to the west a silvery moon hung low in the sky.  
Her hand went of its’ own accord reached to her chest between her breasts, thinking she would feel the lion’s head necklace still there.  It was gone, and as she placed her hand flat on her chest over her heart she could feel the warmth of it as if it were still there.
 'Sir Ron is ever steadfast' ?   
She could not sleep
In a whisper she said, “Luke, dear one, my love. Return to me.”


Over The Edge

Lord Alexander looked puzzled, “Why are you here and not out getting the men I want?”
Shafterly couldn’t resist playing this out a little longer, rarely was he able to keep ahead of Alexander’s wants and demands.  This was one of those times.  He had  by intent not told the guard he sent to Alexander the reason for his early return.  “I ran out of coin Lord.”
He knew he couldn’t continue this game for much longer or Alltimont’s mood might in a heartbeat turn from irritated to outraged, so he added, “How many fighting men do you want?”
“How many do you have?”
“The hundred you asked for, most are here now, the rest will arrive during the next two days time.  Do you require more than these?”
Alexander couldn’t hold back a satisfied grin, “Yes, another hundred if you so manage it, and by no later than weeks’ end.”
“That would not seem to be a problem, your incentives are most motivating. I have not given them all their pay as yet, by the look of some they would take it and run.  So they see some of the others have received the coin and believe in the promise of theirs’ before the battle. There are wagons of supplies on there way here as well as horses, for all who would ride them.”
Alexander looked hard at Shafterly. “All who would ride them? Do I take your meaning correctly?”

“Yes Lord, there are at least three score of picts and goths among those recruited.  You did ask for men that would obey without question, did you not?”
Alexander smirked, picts and goths;  they are murderous even to each other. These tribes showed neither fear nor back up in any situation even when outnumbered.  Some  refused any contact with horses to the point of believing the four legged animals to be evil.  Even Norsemen and Danes respected the savagery of the picts.
	
“Be very certain you keep these groups at bay Shafterly. We don’t want to disseminate our own ranks before we even begin this fight.  I will make you responsible for any, shall we say, incidents.”

“Duly noted Lord Alexander.”

Alexander turned to leave the hall when Shafterly called him back, “There is another matter.”
“What matter is that?”
“I have a new spy within Strathenham.”
Alexander looked at Shafterly, “Go on!” he bellowed.
“A guard actually, apparently a friend of Neeley the stableman and one who is quite against the knight who killed him. He awaits without.”
“Get him in here.”
“As you say my lord.”
A scruffy unkempt man in guards clothing was presented.  Lord Alexander, who was hooded and had stayed in the shadows walked out and with great ceremony folded his hood back to his shoulders.  The man had been relieved of his weapon and three of Shafterly’s guards stood just behind him. He wore a small patch of color on his jerkin that identified him as a guard of Strathenham.
Alexander eyed him. “Well, what can you tell me?”
Drool dribbling from the corner of his mouth filled with broken teeth, the man sputtered, “I don’t know.”
Alexander looked at his captain in disquiet.
This rube had one thing going for him, thought Shafterly, he made no sign whatsoever when he saw Alexander that the Lord’s grotesque abnormal appearance was even the least bit out of the ordinary.
“A moment my lord, he’s a bit slow witted but he catches on quick.  Ask him specific questions, he’ll answer with alacrity.”
Alexander tried again, “tell me about the knight at Strathenham.”
Again the man sputtered, “Which knight me lord, Sir William or Luke or Robert the Good?”
Before Alexander’s patience ran out, Shafterly interjected, “Lord, please allow me.”
“Niknarr, you have the gold piece I gave you, isn’t that so?”
The man gave an ugly smile, “Why yes, your Captainship, I does.”
“I gave you that gold coin because you know things about Strathenham that I want you to tell Lord Alexander, isn’t that also so?”
“Yes, your Captainship.”
“Tell us about the Black and White Knight, Luke you said his name was.”
“Aye, your Captainship that’s ‘is name all right. Luke Woodford  of somethin’ or other, he’s the one what kilt my pal Neeley.  Most gruesome he did to, I was there on the  parapet a watchin’ I was.  
Neeley told me just that day this here poppin’  jay was a devil spawn, and he was too.  Saw ‘im drop from the bastion I did. Forty feet he dropped and crunched his boots all atop poor Neeley without himself sufferin’ so much as a scratch.  But me mate, he wasn’t dead see,  just all busted up. 
Then this ‘ere Black and White Knight whispers somethin’ to poor Neeley then bongo, he upends the poor bugger and throws ‘im over the wall to 'is death on the rocks below.  
And that ain’t all, then ‘his ‘ere high and mighty knight starts shouting orders to the guards and the priest.  Well, the young lord of the castle didn’t like it not one little bit that some bloke just out of the woods should be given orders in ‘is very own castle.  So he orders the bloke out even though that same bloke did that very mornin’ save the sassy  lil’ miss Enarrah’s pretty hide by killin’ off six of your lordships’ men.”
Alexander stood transfixed, with slow deliberation he raised a hand high in the air, very still, it seemed to reach all the way up to the vaulted ceiling.  To his own credit Niknarr shut his mouth.
Shafterly watched his lord with great care, he had never seen him look so intent, so focused, not even in his most violent of rages.  Alexander asked in a low slow monotone, “Was the man’s name Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco?”

“Why, yes your Lordship, ‘ats it ‘xactly.  Just how Sir William intoned it when he said it, interdusin’ ‘im like, even tho’ ‘e weren’t even thereabouts.  Sir Will said that this showoff was his friend, like Robert the Good sittin’ next to ‘im was and how this ‘ere Luke was not now there at the castle but seems ‘ow ‘ed be back right soon.”
“Neeley was beatin’ the two o’ them whelps for going round saying they was pages to a real knight. Then this ‘ere Luke saw Neeley wailin’ on them two youngins and kilt ‘im. Though comes to find out at break of fast next day them lads was sure ‘nuff wearing that knight’s colors o’ black and white.”

Alexander turned cold eyes on the man and Niknarr quieted.
He then turned those same eyes on Shafterly who, in spite of himself shuddered and said, “I saw those Pages when we stopped on our 'visit' Lord Alexander.  Niknarr, who is Robert the Good?”
“Why for months now ‘es been a guard like all the rest of us ‘cept ‘es been Cap’n Ivar’s fair ‘aired boy ‘e ‘as.  Got all the plum work while the rest of us got the pits.”
Four upraised fingers of Alexander’s slow crooked hand beckoned to Shafterly.   
Shafterly’s eyes never left Alexander and he demanded more information,
“What else can you tell me about Robert the Good.”
The Guard Niknarr drew a ragged breath and spoke, “’Es a big man ‘n tall thou not as tall as you m’ lord, with dark rusty like hair.  Hard as an oak ‘e is, and never beaten by any man in contest that I knows of.  ‘Es sweet on the cook ‘e is and ‘er youngins.  'Ya see, thems the two Neeley had under his boot and whipped on occasion, ‘cause they was haughty ‘n always wantin’ to run under there mama’s skirts.”
Again Alexander’s open hand raised straight up. The informant again shut up and Shafterly watched as his lordship’s hand descended down the length of his body, Shafterly knew the wordless entreaty.

“What were this Sir Robert’s coat of arms, his colors?”
“Why your Lordship (even though Shafterly asked the questions Niknarr knew it was the lord he must address) they was white, bright white with a big blue cross a Jesus on it and lil’ three petaled flowers with green wreaths round ‘um. “
His eyes never leaving Alexander, Shafterly watched the lord raise his hand with one finger extended pointing towards the door. 
Without preamble Shafterly ushered all out of the room, last at the door he heard two words, “You stay.”
Shafterly shut the door, and watched, and waited. Alexander put his hands behind his back, clasped them there and walked to the hearth where a banked fire crackled.  The apprehensive Captain Shafterly did not think it possible to be stunned anymore with his lord’s ever changing emotions. He was found quite wrong when the man addressed him by his given name for the first time.
“Erick, we have here a once in a lifetime opportunity.  The knight 'Robert' that this guard describes; red-haired wearing white with a blue crucifix rampant and fleur-de-lis circled with green wreaths is Robert Verragon the man who left my brother Terrell to die on the field of battle in Jerusalem.”  
Alltimont's sword hand trembled and shook as he continued, “Terrell’s comrades tried to tell me that Verragon fought off attackers so that Terrell could be gotten to safety but I didn’t believe it then and I don’t believe it now.  I will see Verragon and all that he holds dear dead at my feet.”  
The lord paid no heed to his fiercely shaking hand. 
During his time with this Lord Alexander, Shafterly thought he had seen every reaction that Alexander had, but he was wrong. Even with all his rantings and ravings nothing compared to the voice he now heard.  

Being glad that Alexander faced away from him Shafterly shuddered again when he realized the voice that spoke was that of a madman.

Alexander continued, “The other, why the other is the ‘Ghost’ himself, knight, ha! Coward more the like; after seeing his squire cut down in battle, he blazed a swath of blood across the battlefield with his two swords, walking on the dead as he left.  Ahh, and never to be seen in the East again, but reported to have been seen in a dozen other places.” 
“He is here, he is here now, and I have him.”
“You know Erick, as Terrell was weeks in delirium dying from wasting and fever he told tale after tale of what it was like over there. The horrible deaths, the King and His court, the intrigues, the Saracens and their strange ways and customs.  When Terrell went into death throes I went mad with rage.  Weeks later I regained my senses at the Stones of Carnac.” 
Some of his stories were about Wynnewood.  That second short sword that he carries on a scabbard behind him was a gift from the Calif whose son he saved.  After his return to the city from his captivity by the Calif and debauchery with his wench daughter; a group of knights, under the leadership of a Frenchman by name of Jacques were berating Wynnewood for having two swords when all any real man needed was one broad sword.”
“One huge hulk of a Frenchman wanted to impress this point about weaponry even farther by taking a mighty swing at a palm tree. The broadsword embedded deep into it and with several feverish pulls the knight retrieved his blade.”  
Wynnewood walked into the center of the circle of these men holding a silk scarf, which  he tossed into the air, drawing his scimitar he held it motionless.  As the thin gossamer cloth descended and made contact with the blade it cut neatly it in two pieces without a whisper of a noise. With a swift arc he then cut those two pieces in half in mid air and four fluttering pieces of silk lay in the sand.” 
“No man ever chided Wynnewood about having two blades again. This is the man I have in my grasp.  By account of all the men who are missing he has killed thirteen of our fighters.”   
“This is the legend whom I will defeat in single combat.  Then all the glory of his death will be mine.  I will be the most feared and respected man in the all of Christendom.”
After several minutes Shafterly managed to say in a controlled voice, “Yes my lord.”
As if waking from a reverie Alexander growled , “I want that girl, I will have Enarrah of Elleghane and I will have her now!  Do you understand me Shafterly?”
“Yes my Lord, I do have a plan and I will put her into your hands before the end of the week.”
“You do that, and the next batch of men let them be savages.  Let them all be picts for all I care, but make you sure that all know to a man, do you hear me Erick, to a man, that Wynnewood is mine and mine alone!”

+++++

They stood at the bow together watching the land grow larger as the ship cut through the rolling waves.

“Britainia,” John said.

“Yes, Britainia”, replied Terrell Alltimont, “ I have comrades here, many from my homeland in Brittany.  It was there that I spent long months recovering from the crusades.  My comrades took me home to die you see.  
I almost did, more than once, but the breath of life stayed with me.  It was during one of these close brushes with death that, thinking the last of life was gone from me,  Alexander disappeared.  I vowed if I survived I would find my brother and go back to find Robert Verregon, the man who saved me from certain death.  
Departing home I sent missives throughout the continent inquiring of his and my brother's whereabouts.  Good fortune that I did because I returned to Jerusalem I waited months to hear word and it was that very morning of your arrival at the Templars I received word that Robert was here in Britain.  There had been no hint as to the whereabouts of Alexander.”

“Terrell, You have told me amazing things about my brother Luke.  It is had to believe.  I was just a callow youth when last we were together, he was always my hero.  I do know that even then he had an intensity in his manner and his intent as you have described.  Do you believe he is here as well? John asked.

“If Robert is still here your brother may be as well.  It's as good a place as any and better than most.   If not, Robert will know where Luke can be found.  I hope they are both here, for I would be hard pressed to part company with you.  You a learned and worthy man.  Our time spent discussing Socrates, Aristotle and Pliney, as well as talking in any one of six languages on the spur of the moment have restored my sense of purpose.  If you are a reflection of the generation to come there is hope for us all.”
John Wynnewood smiled.  “Your words do me great service Sir Terrell. You are a venerable man.  At every twist and turn of our journey you interceded more times than I can count, putting your life and your honor on the line as a man of truth and justice.  Why did you not wear your colors on this trip? You are a true Templar Knight whose entire existence is dedicated to foster peace and maintain good order in our world.”  

“I do not wish my station in life known until it is the right time.  As for the other, thank you for your good words, Templar Knights who abide their oath give up all possessions.  We cannot be bribed or influenced because we own nothing. We are impartial. We are justice in an unjust world.  
But let us not say our farewells just yet young Wynnewood.  After good food and a days' rest we go overland norwest to the Borders of Scotland.  
There by God's good graces we will find our answers and mayhap our future as well.  
For I say to you man of Lamasco, finding my brother Alexander would give me back my faith.”    


Hope Returns

For the rest of the day after leaving the village Luke had ranged the country and lands between Strathenham and Kraigsleigh; while he saw no more men, in he late afternoon he came across the tracks of horses and men headed to Alexander’s stronghold.  
As dusk passed into dark he made his makeshift pine bough bed, let Shahjeen have his rein, ate sparsely and laid himself down to rest.  Luke was restless all through sleep; Enarrah, the red-eyed lion and riddles within conundrums surrounded by mystery shared his dreams. Early in the morning he made his final route back to Strathenham from the north where the postern gate would be; it was overgrown  and shown decades of disuse. He walked with Shahjeen around the wall perimeter to the main gate.

+++++

Enarrah did not attempt to sleep the remaining hours of the night. She couldn’t have slept if she wanted to,  at first she paced and twice she had returned to the window to stare at the north sky.  The glorious lights of the Aurora in the sky had faded into the expanse of star filled sky .
She busied herself with stoking the hearth, making the huge bed and getting her clothes ready for the day.
In the midst of washing she stared at the face that looked back at her from the reflection in the wash basin.  It was hers, but it wasn’t.  Then Mione’s words came back to her, ‘you have grown into a beautiful woman’, she looked again at her reflection.  Yes, she really was beautiful and now she knew too that only a woman could have the aching desire that she felt.
She ran her fingers over her face and hair and neck without haste, and at last her right hand lay flat between her breasts.  It was warm there. The skin was actually warmer. 
'Or was it?'
She walked to her writing table, sat down and drew a fresh piece of parchment from the drawer. She dipped the quill and began to make notes of her dreams. Every detail she could remember was written down; often she would stop, close her eyes, and concentrate. Everything about the dream was so real, every color, every sound, the dazzling ice palace and the incredible Unicorn. But it was the voices that she saw in her mind that stirred her heart the most.
She actually saw the low thunderous words of the deep voice, what man or creature could have made such sounds?  The Unicorn spoke as if she expected Enarrah visit to there, and knew of her, what did Mione call it? ‘her realm’.  Her voice, the lilting melodic sound of Mione’s voice reminded her of something, of someone – of her grandmother Alicia’s voice! Soft, vibrant and full of life and love. That was it, full of love.
Her thoughts were yanked back to reality.  There he was filling her mind! – Luke! – He was nearing the castle – he was coming back!  She could feel him approaching.  He would be here soon. She could write no more.  She dressed with haste and needed to see Heatherlyn to tell her of the dream.
She headed down the corridor to be met by the twins.  Except for early morning on-duty guardsmen, the twins were often the first ones up this early in the morning.  They greeted her and she had an idea.  
“Good morn to you as well Broox and Ashe.  There is something I wish you to do for me.”  She bent down and whispered to them; they beamed with excitement, nodded and ran off toward the ramparts.
She went to the kitchen to talk to Heatherlyn, smelled the cooking aromas and realized she was hungry.  As she reached the kitchen and was about to enter, Luke filled her mind again and she stopped in her tracks.  She became aware she was not hungry only for food but also for him.  
She burst through the kitchen portal, greeted Heatherlyn and with hushed urgency told of her dream. Realizing how excited she had become, she tried to calm herself and fully tell Heatherlyn about her dreams and Luke.

She had bread, cheese and a sweet custard. She washed all this down with  warm spiced wine. Seeing the flush to Enarrah’s cheeks Heatherlyn chided, “You  would do well to have dreams of unicorns and palaces more often, it improves your appetite well enough.”
Enarrah got up and headed into the bailey.   He was coming.  
Her Luke? Her Luke?  Yes, her Luke!!
Ashe’s shrill whistle sounded from across the bailey, high on the rampart, his voice calling, “He comes round the wall Lady Enarrah, he’ll soon be at the man-gate.”  She hurried to the gate.
The guard on watch smiled at the youth thinking that the lad played a prank.  When one of them stopped and took a minute to look down the wall, a booming bass voice proclaimed, “ ‘tis him, ‘tis our knight. Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco returns!!”
Luke heard the guards pronouncement of his name and stood stock still, stared at his horse and said, “I didn’t give them my full name, did you my trusted friend?
“No?”
“Then I wonder who did? Robert perhaps.”
As if in answer, the great horse shook his head and stooped one hoof.  Luke sidestepped as if to avoid the deadly leg and Shahjeen shoved at Luke with his great head, almost knocking him to the ground.
Luke burst out laughing, “Easy old fellow, easy!”
At this remark Shahjeen braced both fore legs and snorted.

Luke recanted, “Alright, alright, my apology young stud,” and Luke laughed even harder.
Enarrah thought she might be having another dream, she had thought that maybe... no, she was certain of it, she heard boisterous laughter coming from beyond the gate.  Laughter?  And why not laughter, and it grew louder.  She smiled, what a beautiful sound, she thought, and her smile grew bigger and unable to help herself, she giggled.  What an extraordinary man. Soon to be her husband?  She would soon find out.
As the man-gate opened they both stood laughing and smiling, and their eyes met and sparkled with merriment,
“Luke! She exclaimed.”
He had never seen a more beautiful smile, anywhere, at anytime,“Enarrah!”
	
“Yes, yes... Lady Enarrah”, he said trying to regain his composure and bowing a little his eyes never leaving hers.
“Indeed, Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco, I believe;” the smile never leaving her lips.
The gate rose up from between them and they found themselves standing very close.  He started to ask, “How did you...?”; but before he could finish the question he found himself being accosted by the twins, who could not contain their excitement.  They rushed forward and hugged themselves to him, one to each side.
Castle folk began to gather and Heatherlyn watched her sons’ unabashed adoration with a smile.
Ashe and Broox spoke first one then the other, giving their report:  “Master Thomas said you’d be back soon;”

“... and Captain Ivar too.  We been helping watch over the castle’”
“... since we’re your Pages and all.”
“We fixed up the stables right proper, and even Sir Will said you are the Knight of the castle.”
“Just this morn Lady Enarrah said you were on your way here,”
“...so we watched and scouted for ye’...”
“and we saw you coming first,” they both exclaimed with beaming smiles.
“Did you now?” Luke said, as he continued to look into Enarrah’s sparkling green eyes.
Right then Luke realized what the boys had said and he continued, “Sir Will?  Sir William?  And what Sir William might that...?”
But he didn’t get to finish this inquiry either, for at that moment Shahjeen thought that he should be a more integral part of this festivity and with a shove of his head, pushed Luke forward.  Luke and Enarrah went into each others’ arms.  To keep from losing their balance and falling, they embraced each other.
The world stood still for Luke, time stopped and all he could feel was the Enarrah’s soft velvety warmth enfolding him.  She was beautiful.  All he could hear was the beating of their two hearts as a wave of happiness washed over him.  With reluctance he came to the rest of his senses; lucky that, he thought.  For it was only the proximity of the growing crowd of castle folk that kept him from entwining his body around this incredible woman even tighter and kissing her senseless. 
'Was she the one he’d been searching for all his life?'
Enarrah’s mind exploded in a kaleidoscope of colors and soaring clouds.  Sensations of heat and light coursed through her veins like molten fire.  She felt Luke’s arm and chest muscles ripple and cord as she held him close.  Her heart lept and the rush of goodness and wonder that caressed her spirit was all but overwhelming.  
The seconds ticked by, or maybe they were minutes, or maybe they were hours; she held him and didn’t want to let go, dared not, lest the spell be broken.  People were everywhere, and a sense of decorum crept upon her.
She felt flushed and her breasts ached as they pressed against him.  His leg brushed against her thigh and the heat of wanting enveloped her. 
The crowd of well-wishers grew.  Her family and friends were there; Heatherlyn, the Twins, Ivar, Bertrand and Father Dunkin.  She felt the warmth of hope and happiness wash over them all.
He looked deep into her eyes and she saw what they said, 'forever.'

They stood apart.  They were still smiling into one another’s eyes and they turned and smiled to one and all present.
The twins scooted off to help their mother and Enarrah began to lead Luke through the crowded barbicon and into the bailey.  Guardsmen, castle-boys, liverymen and maids filled the busy work area. All were giving a collective sigh of relief and thankfulness with hand clasps and slaps to his shoulders, welcoming ‘their’  knight... home.
An exaggerated loud “Ahem!!” sounded over those assembled and a hush fell over the crowd as a voice intoned:  “Wynnewood the Brave, I see your timing is still impeccable and your multitude of abilities still find their way to the place most needed!”
The Black and White Knight froze stock still, every eye upon him.  He turned and there coming through the crowd was a sight for him to behold. 
“William! William Northerlund! Is it really you?”
They strode towards one another, Enarrah still holding Luke’s arm as he went; whisking her along the floor.
“Aye, that it is lad, and none other.”
At this they clasped arms and shook each other as a cheer went up across the bailey.  Luke attempted to go down on bended knee but before he could complete the gesture of honor to his friend and mentor, William raised him up.
“Here now lad, your action is most heartwarming but come, walk by my side as an equal should.  If that is, the Lady Enarrah will unhand ye long enough to let us share some few moments of conversation. Well, what do you say lassie?”
Blushing, she said, “Yes, Sir William of course,” as she let loose of Luke’s strong arm.
As she released her hold and the physical connection between them broke; Luke  wished it back.  They looked into each other’s eyes and she knew it for what it was, longing, kindness, affection, caring, passion... love?
The welcoming castle crowd dispersed to attend the chores of the day amid nods of satisfaction and mummers of contentment.  Their knight was home and their Lady adored him.

+++++

Off behind a corner of the buttery at the far end of the bailey one man did not cheer.  He skulked in the shadows.  He watched and he waited.  He would be a rich man soon, a bag full-o-gold all his very own, and he wouldn’t be beholdin’ to any man ever again.  All he had to do was lure the little miss healer off to do her workings – outside the castle walls.

+++++

Bertrand stood at the steps to the entrance of the great hall and said, “Sir William, a morning repast awaits in your solar.”
“Bertrand, my good friend, I had been under the weather for so long I almost forgot what a joy it is to have you attending to the everyday pleasantries of life.  Let me  introduce Sir Luke Wynnewood,  Luke this is my good right arm, Bertrand Longwillow.”
Luke extended his hand; “Bertrand, any man who holds the high regard of the Lord of this castle also holds mine as well.”
“Thank you for the gracious words Sir Knight, the honor of this meeting is mine, we are all in your debt for the goodness and decency you have brought here.  And now good Sirs I will get on with my duties.”
“Bertrand, a word,” Sir William said, “I would have you set your abilities to a task for the day.  See that as many provisions as possible can be collected and stored within the castle walls for the days to come; and have Ivar come up to break fast with us.”
“I will see to it straightaway Sir William and report to you at the end of the day regarding the provisions.  Good day gentlemen;” and with a slight bow he was gone.
“Let us go,” William said, “good food awaits!”
“William, your Bertrand seems a fine man,” Luke said as they walked,  “It always was a particular solace to me that you surrounded yourself with good men.  I should have suspected that you were here when I found out that the guard's eating room was next to the kitchen,  just as it was in your castle in Jerusalem.”
“In truth, it was my Lady Violet who found Bertrand.  God rest her soul.”
Luke stopped in his tracks, ‘Oh Sir William, my friend, from my heart, deepest sympathies for your loss. I remember well the longing and love in your voice when you talked of her and of home.”
“Thank you lad.  When I returned here after Crusade and found Violet had passed on, a sickness of heart came over me that lasted nearly a year.  I was wasting away in mind and body and left the tasks of running this castle up to my sons.  The greatest burden being upon Philburt to act in my stead.
“That explains a great many things.”
“I returned to my senses just a day and a half ago; when I found out from Enarrah that it was you had saved her from certain death.  It is you,  young Wynnewood, that I have to thank for my new lease on life.”
The words struck Luke to the core, William was more a father and mentor than any man he had ever known.  
“I came to these isles to find you, and so I have William.  Enarrah is a remarkable woman.  It was providence that put me at this place and time to come to her aid.  Her attackers were ruthless, it was my sole purpose to prevent needless suffering.”
“As ever it is your role in this life to do Wynnewood, that has been your destiny.”

+++++

Philburt and Thomas had risen later than usual, they had been up most of the night, Philburt trying to come to grips with Sir Luke’s impending return.  He did not know how he could face the man after the rudeness he had heaped upon the good knight.  
For the first time in his life he had talked to Thomas as brother-to-brother, bearing his worry and dread about what he must do.
Thomas had never been anyone's confidante and so he listened with care and deliberation to his oldest brother.  He tried to be supportive, saying father had told them that he needed them to help with the impending crisis from Kraigsleigh Castle.  
Philburt had said that that was all well and good, but after the problems had been resolved he would still have to atone for his wrongful behavior.
When the brothers had heard the cheers of the castle-folk coming from the bailey, they both knew that Sir Luke was back.  They dressed and prepared for whatever the day would bring.  As they left their chamber and headed for the great hall, there, just outside the solar, were Sir Luke and their father. 
Philburt knew what had to be done, he would face it, the sooner for it to be done with.  He would take the punishment for his posturing and rudeness to Sir Luke no matter what form it took.  Maybe he could return to Strathenham after a year of penitence...
Thomas’ heart went out to his big brother, as he saw the forlorn look on Philburt’s face.  They approached the two great men, and Thomas said, “Resolve big brother, resolve.  Have faith, all will be well.”
Sir William saw his sons approach and said, “Ah, here is Philburt and Thomas, just in time for break of fast.”
“Sir Wynnewood,” Philburt said without preamble, “I would a word with you, with father’s permission.”
	
William Northerlund had never seen his son look this intent before, “Go ahead Philburt, say your peace.”
	
With bowed head on bended knee the oldest son of Strathenham, just two days past its' Acting Lord, took a deep breath and spoke, “Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco, I would seek your forgiveness for the grievous way in which I have treated you and ask you to accept whatever punishment father deems appropriate for my wrongful actions.”
For the first time in his life, Luke Wynnewood found himself without words.  He looked at William with beseeching eyes.
	
“Luke!  My friend!  I have no knowledge of this.  The lad has done this of his own volition and at the direction of his own heart.”
Luke looked back at Philburt, the man’s head was still bowed down, supplicant, and the look of remorse that covered him was as a funeral shroud.
Moments were suspended in time, and with warmth and sincerity Luke said, “I believe that I will do no such thing Philburt Northerlund.”
Luke was about to continue, but Philburt, hearing only the words said, “Then I have no recourse but to be a disgrace to myself and my family and I shall leave this place when the current crisis has passed.”
Hearing the terrible regret and pain that Philburt felt, Luke extended a hand to the man’s shoulder.

At this Philburt lifted his head and looked into Wynnewood the Brave’s dark azure eyes, the sight froze him in place.  He saw warmth, peace and love there, deep bottomless pools of it.
	
Luke spoke with the same warmth and sincerity, “Philburt, I will not forgive that for which no forgiveness is required or needed.  In just these last few minutes with your father I have learned that his illness forced you and your brothers to bear all the burden for the safety and welfare of the castle and these lands.  A position to which you were ill suited only by lack of years and experience.  Yet you and your brothers did so willingly and to the best of your ability.  Lesser men would have shunned these responsibilities, you did not.”  

“With my arrival you were faced with an unknown quantity and circumstances for which you had no prior preparation.  But even at that, with specific regard to myself, a stranger in your midst who had created mayhem and unanswered questions, you erred on the side of caution.  There is nothing to forgive.”  

“So rise up, take my hand Philburt the Watchful, and you as well young Thomas, so that I may call you family and brothers and friends, for as it is with your father, so it also is with you.”

Hearing the words wash over him like a warm summer rain, Philburt stood in absolution.  He grasped the hand still on his shoulder and held it tightly.  Thomas grasped Luke’s other hand, now outstretched and looked on in amazement as his brother’s eyes filled  with tears. 
Philburt’s voice grew in strength and he said, “Father told me of you, of your courage, your sense of justice and your Godliness.  I listened and I believed, for he is my father and I love him.  But, not until this very moment did I realize what he has known for so long, that by all that’s holy, you truly are a man of greatness.  Yes!  YES!  Let it be family and brothers, I pray you.”
Lord Sir William threw one arm around the shoulders of his sons and one across Luke’s and proclaimed,“Good, then it is done, you are well met and well made... brothers and friends it is. Now let us go in and eat.  And you, Wynnewood the Compassionate, my dear friend, I believe that there is not anyone of decency or worth that has met you and is not the better for it, in heart, in mind and in spirit.” 
“Pity that Randolph is not here as well, but he and your friend, Knight Robert are on a mission to the king's legate. ”
Luke looked with question at Sir William.
“Not to worry lad, Sir Robert with reluctance gave over the task of protection of your pages to me on my request so he might insure Randolph's safe passage.  A few more days should see them back safe and sound.”
They walked the last few steps to the entryway into Sir William’s solar.  As they reached the oak door it was opened wide and there stood Father Dunkin.  With a flourish of his hand and a slight bow he beckoned the men forward saying, “Enter and be seated good Sirs, your victuals await,  I will say grace and then be on to my duties for the day.  Ah, and I see we have Captain Ivar with us as well, all and good, all and good.”

Sir William spoke up, “Father Dunkin, may I present Sir Luke Wynnewood.”
Extending his hand, the Father replied, “That you may, that you may.  An honor Sir Wynnewood, and may the good Lord bless you for the deeds you have done.”
Luke took the offered hand and was surprised at the strong grip of the slight built priest.  It was evident that he was no stranger to hard work.  “Good to meet you Father, thank you for your blessing, if it is convenient I would visit the chapel oratory later today.”
The men seated themselves at table and the priest replied, “I like all of that; bravery, goodness and manners as well.  You Sir Luke may visit my chapel day or night and if needs be, any of my humble time that you might require is yours.  
Now, gentlemen one and all, let us bow our heads in prayer. 
Great and Merciful Lord in Heaven,  give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us, lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil,  may the light of Your wisdom and justice guide us through the trying times ahead and bless all those who act in Your Name... in nominee Patri et Filii et Spiritus Sancti, Amen.”
“Amen,” came the five man response.
	 
A chunk of bread and small goblet were sitting in front of the priest, he ate the bread, drank the wine and with a flourish of brown robes turned away saying as he departed,  “A prosperous day to you fine Sirs, I must be to my work.” And he was out the door and gone.

Without further ado, the men all set to enjoying the breakfast feast. There were meat pies, bread, cheese, ducks’ eggs, roast goose and custard pasties, with plenty of wine and ale to go around.
“This meal was worth coming back for Sir William, this is as fine a fair as set at the King’s own table,” Luke said.
“Better, to my way of it.  We will however, not let him know that.  For if he did, be sure that before you could turn around and say ‘farthing gale’, his honor would be stealing away Seneschal Bertrand, whose diligence provides this fine food and, Stewardess Heatherlyn as well, for her mastery of the preparation.”

Laughter erupted around the table.
“Your good Father Dunkin seems quite efficient.”

“Single-minded more the like.  He is of the absolute belief that every man, woman and child carries the goodness of the Lord within; and he is ever incessant about bringing it forth, by whatever earthly means he finds necessary.”
Ivar added, “You gave him quite a start, night before last, when you commanded his attendance after dispatching Neeley the traitor.  He told me he felt as if the voice of Saint Michael himself commanded him.  He prayed over that wretch all  night, prepared the body for burial with his own hands, and put him to ground the next morning.”
“I applaud the seriousness he gives to life and humanity,” said Luke; “I have been fortunate to meet such men of The Cloth.  I have known and learned from others of Father Dunkin’s like, be they Christian, Muslim, Hebrew, Sufi or Templar.  There are decent and caring men everywhere.  Us and them like us will be ever ready and steadfast to defend the good.  All the laws of decency transcend every barrier between humanity’s races, and must be cherished if war is to end and peace is to reign in our world. ”

Edinburgh

Since the meeting on the road with Lady Annabella and her escort of knights, a feeling of urgency had been building within Robert Verregon.  They had pushed hard through the night and now, as they approached the city of Edinburgh, the foreboding of some fearsome dread had come over him.  He couldn’t shake the feelings off and the only thought that assuaged them was that he must return to Strathenham with all speed.  But, he could see no real solution to accomplish this and still keep his promise to Sir William to insure Randolph’s safe return.

As they passed through the city streets en route to the Viceroy’s stronghold, the city-folk came and went on their everyday tasks with little heed to the group of armed men riding through their midst. Other than the occasional stare or guarded conversation they went their way unnoticed.

It was the multitude of children everywhere that brought Robert up short.  Those with parents were clean and clothed, but orphans and castaways with dirty faces and ragged clothes far outnumbered the fortunate ones.  He thought of the twins and how much he cared for them, and for Heatherlyn.  The threat and mortal danger from Alexander at Kraigsleigh was real and the foreboding of dread he felt increased.
He was shaken from his thoughts as they arrived at the gate of the massive curtain wall of the keep. Randolph was stating his name and position, requesting entrance from the guards to see the Legate.  The recalcitrant men were attempting to put him off, stating that no one saw the Viceroy without prior notice.
With his nerves frayed Robert’s patience ran out.  He urged his steed forward, glared at the guards and growled, “What is the name of your post?”
One of the men returned a snide reply, “The Widow’s Gate, who wants to know?”
In a booming voice Robert shouted at the top of his lungs, “Captain of the Guard to the Widow’s Gate by Order of a Knight of the Holy See!”
In less than two minutes a burly bearded hulk of a man smart dressed in regalia trimmed with furs and wearing a Longsword at his side arrived at the gate with four pike carrying guardsmen in tow.  His graying hair bespoke long years of public service.
“Captain, I am Sir Robert Verregon of Rangeley and this is Randolph Northerlund of Strathenham, you will direct us to the presence of the Legate on urgent business, or the King will know the reason why you do not!”

The two men had looked into each others eyes and Robert saw that the old soldier had taken his measure.  Without ceremony the Captain of the Guard pushed aside the gate guards and ordered the gate opened.
He turned back to Robert,“Your guards must stay here as well as your horses, dismount Sir Knight,  you and young Northerlund follow me.”
With the Captain leading in front and the four pike men following behind they were led past the gate through doorways and corridors to what should be the Legate’s chambers.  They turned a final corner and there in front of a large iron reinforced oaken door stood a tallish slender man in a light brown floor length cloak unadorned except for the silver clasp at his throat representing his officialdom.
He looked with reproach upon the two dusty and road weary men and addressed the Captain. “Why are these men brought here?  No one sees the Legate without prior authority, from me alone.”
“They invoked the name of the King, Lord Searlan.”

His words dripping with contempt the cloaked figure stated “Did they indeed.  We shall see, we shall see.  What is your business here?”
Randolph spoke up with authority, “My name is Randolph Northerlund, this is Sir Robert Verregon, a knight in service to my father, Lord Sir William Northerlund.  I bring urgent documents from my father to the Lord High Legate.”
Lord Searlan said with sarcasm, “Do you now,” and he  made a quarter turn as if to address the Guard Captain, when suddenly his hand darted up and grabbed the strap of the leather missive bag hung from Randolph’s shoulder, “Then I will take them!”
To Randolph’s credit he held the bag hard to his side and attempted to back away.  Searlan then began yanking hard on the strap, pulling Randolph off balance.  It was at that instant, in a blur of motion, that the devil’s tongue dagger Robert had by his side swept from its’ sheath to hover a hare’s breath from the petty official’s extended forearm.  The look of arrogant defiance was plain in the man’s eyes as Robert heard the sound of the Captain’s Longsword leaving it’s scabbard.
Robert didn’t blink. Never taking his eyes off those of the lackey whose hands still clutched the leather strap, Robert said in a hushed breath of frozen determination, “Look down.”
His voice full of malice, Searlan replied, “So that you may take advantage of me, I think not.”
Robert Verregon had met men like this weasel before, subordinates who used what little authority they had to cajole and terrorize any and all who came under their control.  Through clinched teeth he said, “Look down fool!  If you want to live!”
The man still looked defiant and opened his mouth to speak, but Robert cut him off, “One scratch from my poisoned blade and you die an agonizing and horrible death, unless of course you have the good Captain here chop off your arm above the elbow and then thrust the ragged stump into that lit brazier over yonder to keep you from bleeding to death; now leave go of the strap!”
The man’s eyes turned downward and on seeing the long black snake-shaped blade so close to his arm, the color drained from his face.  He blanched even further as Robert leaned forward and shouted, “Leave Off!  Now!”
Searlan’s voice became small and squeaky, “Please, I...”
“NOW”!! Robert boomed.
Gathering his shattered wits about him the man unclenched his hands with care from Randolph’s leather strap and eased his arm away from the wicked black dagger.  He backed up two quick steps with his back to the huge oak door and growled like the cur he was, “Captain, arrest these men!”
Just as the Captain was about to speak the massive door swung open slamming into Searlan from behind and propelling him at Sir Robert.  Without a pause Robert flipped the dagger into an overhand grip and hammered his other fist into Searlan’s chest, stopping his momentum.  The tip of the poisoned dagger was less than an inch from Searlan’s hooked nose.  His eyes crossed as he stared at the blade, and then he fainted dead away.
The pillar of a man who came through the door, with long silver hair and full beard, dressed in full tartan carrying a Claymore Sword looked down at the brown covered heap on the floor and blandly said, “Ah, Searlan, up to your tricks again, eh?  Wondered what all the noise was about.  Met a man who didn’t take kindly to you’re posturing I see.  I’ve a good mind to let you lie there.”
“Didn’t run ‘im through with that pig sticker did ye Verregon? No, I see ye did not, no blood on it... just as well I suppose.,” and he winked at Robert.
As he sheathed his blade Robert looked at the regal man with surprise.

“Yes, Sir Robert, I’d know those colors of yours anywhere, and who’s this then?  Ah, young Randolph is it, and all grown up.  Well, come in lads, come in.”
With that the huge man turned on his heel and strode back into his chamber calling over his shoulder in thick brogue as he went, “ Well Sir Lars, ye’ thick headed Viking, get the dolt up off my floor before he soils himself and shut the door would ye’.  I have business to conduct.”
Inside the stone vaulted chamber the Legate Chief of Dunkeld said, “My apologies to you both.  Lord Searlan is somewhat of an anomaly here. His family is promised certain considerations for their past service to The Crown.  Alas, I cannot in good conscience relieve him of his position here as no replacement so openly readable is to be found.  However, I am not bound to defend the man for his own arrogance either!
As the adrenaline subsided in Robert’s veins he inquired, “Have we met before, Lord Carr?”

“No, we have not, but I feel as if I know you from the stories that my sons have told since their return from Crusade.  Thanks be to the good Lord and you, that I have them back.  I’ll be shakin’ your hand for that laddie buck!”
After exchanging hand clasps, Robert stood thinking on this and Lord Carr seeing his questioning look continued, “Names oft time get lost in the heat of battle, but ye can’t mistake the sight o’ the three of ‘um. Alton the oldest is medium height and rotund, Paul the middle one is short and thin and Lawrence the youngest is something of a man-mountain ye might say, kind o’ like me.”
Recognition dawned on Robert, “I remember those men, boys then, still in their teen years, they always fought together, a triple threat, but as if of a single mind. They fought very well that way, because they each knew each others every action and movement.”

“That’s them all over, it is.  Still thick as thieves, the three o’ them.  I’ll wager I’ve heard the story about how you saved their bacon at the Battle of Acre a dozen times.  Turned into real jesters these days, they have.  Bandying about the notion, behind the old man’s back of course, that if ever the time comes for the passin’ of my lands down to them, that all three of them will act in concert as the lord.  Ha, and I wouldn’t put it past ‘em either.  Make a fine sticky mess for the Royals it would, or my name isn’t Viceroy Sir Leonard Carr!  
By Odin’s beard, here I am rattlin’ on and don’t the two of you look worn and weary. Take seats gentlemen, take seats,  Herbert! Bring mead!”
It seemed before he had even finished calling out, a short stout man appeared with a tray.  It was burdened with flagons.
“Take up lads, take up; to Saint David, long may he reign.”
They drank to the king, the icy cold mead was sweet and delicious, it slacked their  thirst.
“Young Randolph, tell me, how fares your father?”
“Very well Sir Carr, he is recovered from his illness and is quite himself again.”
“Outstanding!  Best news I’ve had in weeks!  Now, what can the Legate of Dunkeld do for Castle Strathenham?”
Randolph took the leather bag from his shoulder, pulled the precious documents out and handed them over to the viceroy saying, “These are from father, all will be explained.”
Sir Carr sat down in his great chair behind a massive desk and broke the seals on the parchments.  Herbert had reappeared and refilled their flagons.  The men from Strathenham sat drinking as the Viceroy read the letters.  
Robert’s emotions had boiled over from anger to impatience and now the weight of dark foreboding had returned heavy on his heart.
After a few minutes the Viceroy looked up, “This is a matter of no small importance.  Even under the best of circumstances the necessary letters will take some time to sort out.  A special dispensation of marriage involving such large tracts of land must be dealt with delicately.  What other men are with you?”
“Six guards, Sir Carr; waiting outside your Widow’s Gate,” Randolph said.
“Herbert of Stensill,” the voice boomed again, “Please see to the comfort of the six men of Northerlund who are at the Widow’s Gate.”
While the Viceroy continued reading and making notes on other parchments, Randolph sat talking to himself, (he thought). “Marriage, what marriage?”

The Viceroy looked up, “Ah, the good Sir William didn’t find it it his purview to tell you lads.  Well, the cat will soon be out of the bag. The marriage in question is that of one Lady Enarrah Henry, daughter of  Elleghane, to Sir Luke Wynnewood no less.  By Saint Andra I know that name well enough.”
Robert saw his opportunity.  He put a hand to Randolph’s shoulder and spoke, “Chief Sir Carr, Sir William entrusted me with the safety of Randolph.  I know that here under your roof he is safe and well enough.  I know not the arrangement of your forces here but I would ask a boon of you.”
“Ask away Knight of Rangeley, and if it is my power to grant, I will.”
Randolph heard the tone of anxiety in Robert’s words, looked at him with genuine concern and asked, “Sir Robert, what is wrong?”
“I must return straightaway to Strathenham.  I know not why these feelings of dread I have weight so hard upon me, I only know that I must return with all speed.  However, my duty is for your safe return Randolph.  I would ask that if it were possible, Sir Carr would send three knights with you and our guards on your return so that I may leave now.”
Before Randolph could answer Sir Carr spoke up, “Three stalwart knights to provide the same protection as one Robert Verregon, I think not.  Six a more likely number.  And Robert, we will not look upon this as a boon granted, but think of it more as a small favor bestowed by a grateful father.”  
“Herbert!”
The man appeared as if from nowhere.
“Herbert, take Sir Robert hence, see him provisioned for a long hard ride with two of my fastest horses.”
For such a man of small statue, Herbert’s deep baritone voice resounded throughout the chamber, “As you command Chief Sir, so it shall be done!”
Sir Carr stepped from around his desk and attempted to lighten the gravity of the moment as he clasped Robert by the arm with earnest, and said with a wry smile, “I would lay eyes on you again Robert Verregon, and hale and hearty as well.  See to it that my horses are returned in fine fettle and none the worst for wear.”

“It will be as you say Lord Carr, and my best to your sons.”
At this Robert turned to Randolph, grasped his shoulders and bade him farewell, “Be ever on your guard my friend, keep well, and I will see you soon.”
Randolph could not help but feel a weight upon his heart as well, one that he had never known before. This man was his friend, his best friend, and he would miss him.  As Robert crossed the room to leave, close on the heels of the ever vigilant Herbert, Randolph said, “God be with you Robert the Good.”
Robert stopped just as he had reached the door and turned saying, “ Those are the exact same words I spoke to the Black and White Knight when last we parted.  Thank you young lord.”  And he was gone.
After a few moments the Sir Carr spoke, “Not to worry lad, not to worry, all will be well. This Black and White Knight of whom Verregon spoke might be he of great renown, Luke Wynnewood, as if I needed to ask?”
“It is Sir Luke, he fights for us at the castle,” Randolph answered.
“The same man Sir William wishes the Lady Enarrah to marry?”
“One and the same, he has other names as well, to his closest friends he is ‘The Ghost’.  He saved Enarrah and slew the six men attempting to rape her and her maids. He then killed a spy within the castle who was being paid by Lord Alexander.  All of this he accomplished within two hours of his arrival.”
“Fascinating, your father makes specific reference to this Alexander at Kraigsleigh in his missive.  It is a name I do not know, but be rest assured I soon will.  I have however heard mention of ‘The Ghost’, mainly from the rumors of so-called lords and ladies who gossip as do fish mongers.  In truth I thought him a myth, conjured by the vicissitudes of war.  Tell me of this man, have you met him? ”
“No, I have not formally met him.  There is no one I have ever known to whom Wynnewood the Brave can be compared.  He is the most right-acting man that I have ever seen.  His motivations are pure of heart and he wears decency and goodness all about him as other men wear clothes and armor.  Father calls him a living legend.”
Sir Carr sat in his chair, took a long drought of ale and said, “Would that the ties of office did not chain me to this desk Randolph; but each to his own duty, and this be mine.  It would be my sorest wish to follow on the heels of Sir Robert.  Knowing my sons, I expect they will do just that.  There will be others wishing to make the trip as well, and that I believe is all to the good.  This Alltimont seems to be reeking havoc up to the gates of the Royal Palace itself, and that we will not have.  
As to you Master Randolph, you need food and rest.  I will devote my full attention to your father’s request and speed your return to Strathenham as best I can. There should be no serious delay, your father and I have a long and tight, if somewhat checkered history.  I well know that since he has made such a request as this, that it is in the best interests of the Crown.  I’m sure the King will see it the same.”
“My sympathies at the passing of your dear mother, she is sorely missed. The news of it was hard felt at the house of Carr for she and my wife were true friends.  I have no doubt my Lady Katherine will want some of your time before you leave.”

“Sir Leonard, thank you for your good words about mother, I will relay them to father when I return.  It would be my honor to attend your Lady prior to my departure.”

“Herbert,” he called, and the man was instantly there, “See to the comfort of our guest; then track down my boys if you please, and tell them they are requested to the presence  of their father with all due haste.”

Family
Luke related the details of his trip to the village and about Alexander's two men who had been there asking about Enarrah.  With everything else that had happened the conclusion was that Alexander sought to take Strathenham. 

Philburt sat listening to his father, Luke and Ivar exchanging knowledge and making plans at the table, and although he heard every word, his mind was traveling a different path.  It wasn’t everyday that a man gained a new brother and found his own absolution, and even praise, from the same man.  He felt good, he felt as if he had a new lease on life just as his father did.  All of this thanks to Luke Wynnewood.
His shame was replaced with peace of mind and a greater sense of self worth.  He had a great deal to learn to become Lord of Strathenham, but his father was a good teacher and he would be an avid student. The thought of it made him grin.  He turned to Thomas sitting next to him and said, “You were right little brother.”
Thomas had been caught up in thoughts of his own.  He screwed up his eyebrows, smiled back and said, “About what?”
“About having resolve and, that all would be well.”
“It seemed like the right thing to say at the time.”
“Right, and true as well.  It is an extraordinary beginning to an incredible day, is it not?”
“Indeed Philburt, indeed; and to think, it’s only mid-morning.  Imagine what the rest of the day will bring.”
“I’ll drink to that Thomas, and to you and the family and the future.”
“May we all live to see our grandchildren,” Thomas added.
“Aye to that!”
Thomas set down his mug, his mind a whirl of feelings and emotions.  He had always been the prankster and jester, more out of defense as the youngest of his brothers than anything else.  That part of him was gone.  
Last night, his big brother, the Acting Lord of the castle for months, had poured out his heart to him, Thomas, the baby of the family.  His response had been to be supportive, empathetic and mindful to Philburt of the fairness of their father and the compassion of Sir Luke.  
Now, this morn, not only had all things been set aright, he had a new brother as well; and him a living legend no less.  Here he was sharing food and company with the four men he most admired in all the world. He felt the days of his youth fall behind him into the past. How incredible, here he sat, a man among men.
It was then that the brothers heard their father say,  “Luke, you now have the story of my illness and recovery and understand our trials as Alexander has risen to power.  Tell us how it was you came to be here with us.”

For some moments, Sir Luke Wynnewood stared into his cup of ale.  When at last he spoke his face and voice mirrored an ocean of grief.  In low and somber tones he began his story.
“Although I had not believed it so before this day, for I had no description for it, I too suffered a sickness of spirit for having to endure the loss of a loved one.  It wasn’t so much that I lost faith as I lost part of myself, just as you did William.  I had known the man that they called my Squire for only a few short weeks, our kinship seemed to exceed all boundaries, encompassing all places and all time.  It was by fate that I met him, a short time after returning from Caliph Jafar’s palace.”
“I returned from that Islamic stronghold despondent and brokenhearted.  I received with due gratitude the accolades of kingly praise for my 'fine use' of deportment and diplomacy with the Saracens; but, it was my friend who brought me back to my sense of life and living.  
The excitement of my return to the city had abated in a few days, the war continued. I found I could not long endure the company of others. 
The pleasantries and camaraderie of my fellow men gave no solace for bearing the loss of the woman dear to me.  I practiced the arts of war alone and as was my want to do at that time, I would take my weapons and a skin of water, walk a good part of a league into the desert and spend hours there seeking solace.”
“One day as I walked to a place in the desert, far from others, I saw another man in the distance.  As I approached, he  himself was practicing his battle skills.  Many of the traits and mannerisms I saw in him I recognized as like my own.  Watching his fluid grace and natural style I was drawn to approach him.  
That was our first meeting.  His name was John.  It seemed as if we had known each other all our lives.  Prior to this I had received entreaties from men to become my Squire.  They wanted to learn from me how to emulate what they called ‘my style’ of fighting.  The trouble is,  there is no way to teach a warrior to fight as I do because it is not something I learned and therefore can not pass on.  It is a part of me I was born with,  so I am as I am in combat because I can be no other way.  It also became clear that some who asked for Squireship did so to gain the notoriety of association with me. I would have none of it.”
“From that first meeting we became fast friends, his combat ability was superb.  We spared together daily, he was an avid warrior and took to the actions of defense and battle with precision and alacrity. His combat ability like my own seemed a  part of his inner self, not something learned.  
We said maybe a dozen words a day to each other, there was no need for more; a sound, a smile or gesture spoke volumes between us.  It was a needful time, a healing time.  I felt closer akin to him than I had to anyone in my life.  Closer even than my own brothers by blood and because of our companionship others assumed I had taken him as Squire.  The assumption was easy enough to make and there seemed no need to either confirm or deny it.”
“On the day of the great battle the fighting was intense and we stayed at each others’ backs.  We fought well together.  In the midst of a terrible melee I heard his gasp of pain, I turned to see that he had taken an arrow through the neck and into his spine. I caught him as he fell and by the time I had lowered him to the ground he was dead in my arms.  
I never knew where he was from or even his surname.  A blind raging fury took over my mind and body, and I do not know by what manner or when I left the battlefield.  The next thing I do remember after his death was lying in an oasis pool staring into the cold night sky.  I could not move and if Shahjeen had not nudged me out of the water I would surely have drowned.”
“The Sufi found me, more dead than alive, took me to their encampment and nurtured me back to health.  They are a fierce nomadic Muslim people who adhere to the strict old ways.  That is, they treat all men with decency and courtesy and expect the same in return, measure for measure.  It made no matter to them that I am a Christian, only that I am a good man.  I was in and out of consciousness for days.  They treated me and Shahjeen as their own, nursed us back to health and we regained our strength and sanity.”
“It was not even a month ago when I completed my journey back from the holy land unadorned and traveling as a returning pilgrim.  When I left the east to return, I made up my mind to come to this land, because it was this country and these people that you  spoke so well of William.  
In Edinburgh, good and faithful knights that I had known on Crusade recognized me and brought me to the Court of the King.  He bid me return to  the duties of a knight and to stay at his castle, which I did.  It was comfortable and peaceful for a time, but it did not last. 
King David saw a restlessness in me and he bade that go on quest.  In return I would receive a modest place and lands so that I might call these isles my home.  I was on this quest when I came upon the six men attacking Lady Enarrah and her maids.”
“I must be away from here as soon as possible.  It is not the promise of lands that gives me haste.  It is that there are forces at work to depose the king.  He believes the completion of my quest will help defeat his foes and so do I.  This is a good and just man, he rules with decency and grace and I would do all that can be done to preserve his reign.  It is ironic,  I accepted the quest in part to escape the intrigue at court only to be caught up, pell mell, in the intrigues of The Borders.”
A silence had fallen over the room as Luke spoke.  They saw before them not the prodigal son, or the brother or the comrade.  They saw the man, who had struggled through adversity and grief to find a place in the world.
Sir William was the first to speak, “You have saved me once again, this time from myself, and we all would have succumbed to Alexander’s devious plans had you not arrived when you did.  My dear friend, your travels have been long, fraught with pain and despair, but you are at Elleghane now, and you are needed more than you know. I  have the reason Alexander Alltimont is on this path he follows.”

“As ever, Sir William, I am where I should be, but this threat must be dealt with straightaway.  Alltimont has designs for this castle and it seems would stop at nothing to achieve them.  Plans must be made to avoid a terrible ending here.  I will do anything for you and Elleghane that is in my power to accomplish.” 
“His design, Luke Wynnewood, is to force Enarrah into marriage and seize all of  Elleghane which is her birthright.  To thwart his scheme you must marry Enarrah yourself, and the announcement must be quick and widespread right after the two of you take your vows.  
That should take the wind out of Alltimont's sails long enough to get reinforcements.  I have sent Randolph with your friend Sir Robert Verregon this very day with papers to secure a special dispensation of marriage from the Chief Legate of King David.”
While William spoke Luke looked from Philbert to Thomas, and as William finished he said, “I will”. 
He smiled to himself. 'Anam Cara'.

Epilogue


Luke felt like he was on the very edge of life.
Where a full life is lived for the betterment of all.
He wanted to rejoice for all the good things in his life, more good than he has ever known.  It was heady and exhilarating. Even the threats of danger all around the castle could not dispel his happiness.  
He walked down the big hall and stopped at a casement. Below in the bailey the twins were tending horses as their hawk perched nearby.  
Luke saw the yard next to the stable where a practice area would fit in well. This as well as a dozen other thoughts of how to improve this place and these lands went through his mind.  
He sensed her and heard her soft footfalls all at once.
Luke turned with a smile on his lips; and, Enarrah walked with lithe grace into his arms.  They encircled her and his hands folded around the curves of her body.
“Hello My Beloved Lady.”
Enarrah thought she would be ready when next they touched, she was mistaken.  She melded into his body and he wrapped her in an embrace of tenderness and love, oceans of heat and light flowed through her.
“Oh Dearest Luke, you are the one.” 

The End 


+++++


Here is a Preview from the next book in the series: 
“The Black and White Knight - Part 2”

“Let The Sleeper Awaken...”

Niknarr made his way to the stable, he was running out of time. The alarm had been sounded but it was going well. He would have the horse out of his stall and be gone in minutes. He must be gone, if found out his life wouldn't be worth anything. 
“Guardsman, you cannot take that horse, it is Sir Bart's steed.” 
(Niknarr could not believe his luck; money, a fine horse and now he would have revenge on Luke for killing his friend Neeley.) 
Niknarr took a quick side step and brought his closed gloved fist hard against the boy's head. Ashe saw the blow coming and tried to turn from it but couldn't quite get out of the way as the fist slammed into him. Ashe bounced off a support beam and he fell in a heap to the dirt floor. Without a second thought the traitor picked up the boy and threw him full force to the back of a hay-filled stall. The crack of the body against the hardwood planks echoed in the quiet. 
As he turned a screeching scream of a growl came from behind him and he felt searing pain at his shoulder. Only his new acquired leather wear kept him from being gored. Dazed, he turned to see the other twin standing with a short curved sword grasped in both hands. 
“You killed my brother.” Broox said as he swung the sword again. Niknarr parried the blow with his good arm and kicked out, sending the boy sprawling to the floor. 
“And now I will kill you as well foolish little boy and don't you fret none, soon your mother will get hers.” The injured and dazed page lay still as the traitor approached and raised his boot to bring it down on his neck. 
His twin brother dead, his mother threatened and his entire world turned upside down he looked into the killers eyes and the man froze. 
Niknarr looked down to see black eyes staring up at him, piercing him through and through. 
The entire inside of Broox' mind went red and as Niknarr paused Broox was hot quick and brought the sword straight up through clothing behind leather and the blade hit flesh and bone just above and inside of the man's knee.  
Niknarr cursed as pain shot up his leg and he swung it away kicking the boy in the ribs. 
Broox rolled with it, the momentum bringing him to his knees and then his feet. He faced the cold-hearted brute and everything in his mind was in slow motion. He saw the whirling grace of his father on the practice field, his sword carving neat arcs through the air. 
Niknarr pulled a dagger from its sheath and hissed through gritted teeth. “You're mine now boy,” as he lunged forward. 
Broox became what he saw in his mind. As the man lunged the boy side-stepped and brought his sword up under the killing blow. Niknarr's arm muscles were all severed. 
Trying to keep his balance the traitor hobbled like a giant brown bird flapping his wings. 
Still within his own mind, Broox whirled and with each of four blows growled his revenge. 
“You!” - a slash to the upper thigh. 
“Killed!” - a slash to the lower leg, (Niknarr fell to his knees). 
“My!” - a thrust through the mans side.
“Brother!” - a hacking blow to the hip. 
Niknarr fell over on to his back, a whisper of a breath escaping, “Noooo”. He looked up through pain filled eyes to see the blade hovering over him. 
As the crescendo of the fight flowed through him, Broox stood over Niknarr and raised the scimitar to plunge it through the killer's chest. Battered and bruised with tears streaming down his cheeks, what strength and hatred Broox had left, drained away.
“I, I can't...”,  Broox said as OShaYen slipped from his hands and fell to the floor. He turned his head toward the hay filled stall, “Ashe, my brother, my friend, my life...”
Broox' eyes rolled up and he collapsed into unconsciousness across the body at his feet.  
These words escaped his lips, “Not Ashe, no, not Ashe.  Ma, I'm so sorry...”

+++++

Sir Bartholomew James was a huge pillar of a man and he felt old. The look of youth stayed with him because of his close cropped blond hair and weathered face that always had a ruddy look about it.  He had been a knight for twenty-odd years. He had no lands of his own but he felt he led a good life as protector of the weak and helpless; especially children. It was always the children his heart went out to.
He had been married once with two fine sons. And even after a decade had gone by since all three had been taken by the plague he oft times pined for them. In his youth few men could ever match his speed and strength. Now, plagued by past injuries, and the passage of time he was slower and more cautious. 
The younger knights had jumped up and raced to the rescue of Lady Enarrah and Princess Annabella. They were gone in a flurry of hoof beats and thunderous recriminations.  Big Bart, as his friends called him, moved with deliberate careful purpose, gathering his many armaments about him as he walked to the stables to get his horse and follow after. 
He strode across a silent bailey and was taken up short by a sound he could not identify. It was a high pitched keening growl, something like an attacking wildcat might make.  It stopped... He stopped... and stood stock still and waited.  The sound came again. It was coming from the stable. Drawing his broadsword he moved with care into the dark recesses of the low-roofed place and came upon an eerie scene.
A guard lay with a dagger gripped in his hand and the life draining from him. A small body lay over this much larger one.  Blood was everywhere. 
A groan came from the boy and the big Viking bent down and picked him up into his arms with great care. It was one of Luke's pages. Which one he could not tell. 
The lad mumbled and murmured without sense, then seemed to awaken. He began flailing in Sir Bartholomew's arms, kicking his legs and pounding on the big man's chest with his small fists. 
“Easy laddie, easy now” Big Bart said. 
Then a sound came from the boy, a strained reply, harsh and weak. “My brother, he killed my brother.”
“What? What's that you're saying lad? Your brother? There is no one here except you and I and this dead man.”
A strangled whisper came from Broox. “The hay, behind the hay...,” and then he passed out.

+++++

 “Allll-Faaa-ther-Odinnnn!!”
The guttural entreaty of violent outrage went up through the inner bailey and into the  heart of the castle.  
Heatherlyn ran to the doorway and was faced with the sight of carnage from her worst nightmares as she saw a huge knight with both her precious sons' bloody and unmoving bodies laying over his arms.
She never heard the piercing scream that came from her, nor the terrible sound it made with yet another war cry from the huge Viking...  

+++++

We would like thank you for purchasing this book.  Every effort has been made to make it as fine a reading experience as possible.   The writing of it is a pure pleasure.  
If you liked our book please leave a review at:
 http://facebook.com/HoneyMyersBooks or your favorite retailer.

+++++

About The Saga

The Elleghane Saga by Honey Myers consists of twenty proposed volumes covering a time span of 1050 years from 1134 to 2184 AD.  
Following books will take you across the Continent, The New World and modern day America; and finally, in Book Twenty, to the far side of the galaxy.
The ultimate historical romance series, “The Elleghane Saga” is a skillful cross-genre  blend with elements of folklore, fantasy, mystery, action-adventure, religion and mythology.  Our books are heart felt.  We strive to entertain, enrich and capture your heart with  love, romance, goodness and hope.
We cordially invite you to join The Family Elleghane and continue the journey through time and places with the brave men and incredible women of The Elleghane Saga.

The Next Books of The Elleghane Saga:  

“The Black and White Knight - Part 2”

“Freedom for Lady Annabella” 

“Caledonian Ocean and The Princess of Tara”

“Lady Elizabeth of Kraigsleigh”

“Sir Philburt and the Borders' Maiden”

“Lord Carleton Returns” 
and 
“Faerie Princess of Cornwall”.
+++++
Connect with Honey Myers
http://facebook.com/HoneyMyersBooks
Historical Persona
Saint Audra 
Patron Saint of Scotland
Brother of Simon Peter, Disciple of Jesus Christ of Galilee

David I The Saint  
King of Scotland.
Leader of the Davidian Revolution.

Matilda (Maud) of St Liz  
Queen of Scotland.
Countess in Huntingdon.

   Baldwin II  
King of Jerusalem.

and

The Black Douglas


+++++

Major Persona
Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco  
The Black and White Knight.   
   Born in Anjou.  Survivor of The Crusades.

 Lady Enarrah of Strathenham  
Protectress of  'The Covenant of the Lion'.
Granddaughter of Lady Alicia “The Kind” of Elleghane.
 
 
Sir William Northerlund  
Lord of Strathenham,  Principle Castle and Village of Elleghane.  
Trustee of all Elleghane Lands.

Philburt Northerlund:  Sir William's Oldest Son.  
Acting Lord of Strathenham.

Randolph Northerlund:  Sir William's Middle Son.  
Metallurgist.  Weapons Master of Strathenham and Elleghane. 

Thomas Northerlund:  Sir William's Youngest Son.  
Master of Horse of Strathenham and Elleghane.

Lady Heatherlyn Brookman 
Daughter of  Lord Richard Carleton of Kraigsleigh Castle. 
 Stewardess & Chief Healer of Strathenham Castle.  
 
Broox Brookman:  Youth. 
Identical Twin Son of Lady Heatherlyn.  Page of Lamasco.  
Keeper of “OShaYen”(Peace), The Damascus Scimitar.

Ashe Brookman: Youth. 
Identical Twin Son of Lady Heatherlyn.  
Page of Lamasco.

Captain Ivar Thorgoodson  
Confidante of Sir William Northerland.  
Captain of the Strathenham Castle Guard -
 Twenty Strong.

Sir Robert Verregon of Rangeley 
Man At Arms of Strathenham and Elleghane. 
Friend and Comrade of Sir Luke Wynnewood. 

Lady Annabella DelaCroy   
Niece of Queen Maud of Scotland.
Ward and Envoy of King David I The Saint.  
 

Sir Edward Douglas  
Barbarian. Knight Banneret.  
Lady Annabella DelaCroy's Captain of The Guard - 
 Thirteen Knights of House Dunkeld.

Sir Bartholomew James  
Knight of Lady Annabella Delacroy. 
Survivor of the Crusades.  Rescuer of the Lamasco Pages.

Sir Keith Erricksson. Sir Russell Bergamot
and Sir David MaHenry:  
 Knights of Lady Annabella Delacroy.  
Survivors of The Crusades.
 
Alexander Alltimont 
(“The Wraith”) 
 Lord of Kraigsleigh Castle.  Usurper. 

Captain Erick Shafterly  
Frankish Mercenary.  
Alexander Alltimont's Henchman and Alter Ego. 
Captain of Kraigsleigh Guard -  Two Hundred Mercenaries.
and
Sir Ron.

+++++  
Minor Persona  
Viceroy Sir Lord Leonard Carr
Chief Legate to the House of Dunkeld.

Lady Katherine Carr 
Wife of Sir Leonard Carr.

Sir Alton, Sir Paul and Sir Lawrence Carr:  
Sir Leonard Carr's Three Sons. Survivors of The Crusades.  
Comrades in Arms of Sir Robert Verregon.

Bertrand Longwillow 
Seneschal of Elleghane. 
Trusted Advisor to Sir William Northerlund.

Father Gerald Lee Dunkin 
Priest of Castle Strathenham.

Sir Terrell Alltimont  
Brother of Alexander Alltimont. 
Poor Knight of the Temple of King Solomon.

John Wynnewood of Lamasco 
Brother of Sir Luke Wynnewood.
  Seeker of Truth.

Neeley:  Stableman at Strathenham.

Niknarr: Strathenham Guard.   Neeley's Friend.

Theodore Sinclaire:  
Seer.  Wise Man of Village Strathenham.

Mairi and Elsbeth:  
Maids to The Lady Enarrah at Strathenham Castle.

Gavin:  Leathersmith of Strathenham.

Damien:  King David's Aide.

Herbert Stensill  
Private Secretary to Viceroy Sir Leonard Carr.

Lord Searlan  
Adviser to Viceroy Sir Leonard Carr.

Gawain Tailor  
2nd in Command of the Strathenham Castle Guard.

Lord Reichsburg  
Foster Father to Sir Luke Wynnewood.
 
Orlando: Cartman of Strathenham Village.

Sherylann:  Midwife of Village Strathenham

Al Jafar:  Calif of Jerusalem.
Saracen Leader and Warlord.

Aramina: Daughter of Caliph Jafar. 
Enamored of Sir Luke Wynnewood.

and

Altair: Son of the Caliph Jafar. 
Rescued by Sir Luke Wynnewood.

+++++ 
Ancestral Persona

Lady Alicia of Elleghane 
Alicia the Kind.  Matriarch of the Clan.
 Protectress of  'The Covenant of the Lion'.

Lady Pauline of Elleghane 
 Daughter of Lady Alicia.  Mother of Lady Enarrah. 

Lord Sir Melvin Henry 
Father of Lady Enarrah.  Husband of Lady Pauline.    

Lady Violet of Elleghane 
Aunt of Lady Enarrah. 
Wife of Sir William Northerlund.  Sister of Lady Pauline.

Lord Sir Richard Carleton 
Rightful Lord of Kraigsleigh Castle   

and

John (Johno) Brookman:  Husband of Lady Heatherlyn. 
Squire of Lamasco in The Crusades.


+++++

 Creatures

Shahjeen (“White Falcon”)  
Arabian Grey Stallion.
Warhorse of Sir Luke Wynnewood of Lamasco.

Simon Peter 
  Goshawk Raptor Bird of Prey.
Last survivor of Strathenham Falconry. 
Friend of Ashe and Broox Brookman.

Mione  
White Winged Unicorn.
Guardian of The Ice Sanctuary of  Asgarrd.
Keeper of the Legend for 'The Covenant of the Lion'.

Miownlee  
Ancient Dragon of the Cosmos.
Eternal Protector of The Ice Sanctuary of Asgarrd. 
and
The Lion of the Covenant.

 +++++

Historical Notes
From the years 1099 to 1147 there was a forty-nine year period of peace between the First and Second Crusades.  There were very few knights of The First Crusade that were still alive in the year 1134.
The  year 1134 was been chosen for this book specifically to honor the monarch who reigned at that time:
 David I The Saint King of Scotland.  He was founder of the Davidian Revolution.
King David's precepts of consideration and protection for all the people are the template  for modern civilization. The feudal knight system was his idea, and he implemented it. 

King David's brothers were in reality Kings of Scotland before him.
The heraldic emblem of Sir Edward Douglas described as “...three white stars above a crowned scarlet heart emblazoned...” in similarity is dedicated to the last Chief of Douglas' Heraldic Arms of the year 1761- 
His Grace Archibald Douglas First Duke of Douglas. 
 
Some events and circumstances have been borrowed from nearby history 
with reference to background information:
The Siege of Jerusalem 1099 
The Battle of Jerusalem 1187 
The Battle (Siege) of Acre 1189-1191  
The building of castles and keeps began in earnest in the 1300's
as did the institution of heraldic arms.

The stone circles, monuments and displays referenced: The Stones of Carnac in Brittany, The Dance of The Giants (Stonehenge) in Wales and innumerable stone configurations throughout Ireland and the British Isles are real. 

Pax Vobiscum

