

The Darkness
Book One of the Fallen–Fey Chronicles


S. L. Gavyn
Copyright 2015 S. L. Gavyn
Discover more information about S. L. Gavyn’s books at http://www.slgavyn.com, like her on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/slgavyn or follow her on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SLGavyn.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any person (living or dead), business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

The Darkness

All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2015 S. L. Gavyn
Cover Design © 2015 S. L. Gavyn
Poem Darkness by Katie DesChenes © 2008

This book and its content are protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited without the express written permission of the author.

First edition: October 2015


Available Books by S. L. Gavyn

The Forged by Magic Series
Brimstone 
Iron Made 
Dragon’s Flame 
Ange Noir: A Forged by Magic Prequel Novella

The Avery Tywella Series
Darkened
Deadened
Deceived
Craven: An Avery Tywella Companion Novel
Damned
Devoted

The Fabled Series
The Fabled
Fable City
Fabled Lost

The Fallen–Fey Chronicles
The Darkness
The Cursed
The Light
The Broken
The Driven


Content

Acknowledgments
Darkness: A poem by Katie Deschenes
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Also Available


Acknowledgments

I would like to say a little somethin’ somethin’ about the peeps who helped me on this long, winding journey to authorism. The first is my family, of course. They’re there for me, even when I really wish they weren’t.

Next, I’ll thank my editor Wendy Jo. Oh, how far I have come because of you. I tip my hat to you, the most tolerant woman in the world.

I would also like to say thanks to Katie DesChenes. In my search for a bit of poetry that didn’t sound like Dr. Seuss, I found just the Darkness I was looking for. Thanks.


Darkness

When darkness descends upon your skin
Don’t let it fill you, don’t let it in.
Don’t turn to look or let it know
That you’re willing to let the light go
When the light is gone, darkness will embrace
Those who wish it to take light’s place.
When you find a passion in the dark of night,
Be watchful of a love that blinds your sight
For darkness has a beauty that hides all lies
Tricks you to think love is before your eyes.
There is something that lurks in the dark
Longing to drink in your spark.
Be careful of what you see or feel
For you may be its very next meal.

Katie DesChenes © 2008
Find out more about this author at: http://www.katiedeschenes.com


Chapter One


Foreboding filled my gut as I rushed to pack supplies into my bag. I hoped I wouldn’t be gone long, but if I was, I could buy any necessities. Otherwise, I really only needed two things—my gun and the spellbook I had already added to the pack. I would only use the latter as a last resort. None of the spells would work on the being I was trying to find anyway, except to make him stronger.
My aunt’s words ran through my mind warning me that it was only a matter of time before they came here and that I would need to be prepared when they did. We were the only ones who knew what they were and possibly the only ones who could stop them.
Why did she have to die on me? Why did they wait until I was alone to come here? I would have been quite contented to train another to do the fighting once I was a more experienced Witch. Instead, I was running off to fight a fight I didn’t want but had been preparing for as long as I could remember. It was better when I was younger and still had the delusion of my aunt’s protection to soothe me, but she was gone now. A plane crash had taken her from me. The strongest Witch I knew, but even magic had its limitations. She was the one who taught me that. Though we could regenerate our cells to stay youthful for millennia if we choose, we couldn’t put our body back together after it had been practically incinerated in a fiery explosion.
I couldn’t harp on that now. I should have already been in my car. I should have already been there, fighting, protecting others like myself, and preventing this world from going to hell. My hand shook as I put the key in the ignition, and I pulled it away before taking a deep breath and steeling my resolve. I would do this. I could do this. I had to. Despite my attempts at bravado, my mind turned to other options: I could run. There were other dimensions out there similar to this one. I could use the stored magic I possessed to open a portal to one of them. It would give me time. How much, I wasn’t sure, but I was sure it would be more than I would have if I started this car.
Could I leave others to die? The Humans on this plane were very strong with their advanced technology. They should be able to wipe any threat off the face of this planet, but I knew they wouldn’t stand a chance. A spell beat technology every day of the week, and this adversary undoubtedly had enough magic to demolish this entire plane, after they took what they wanted.
I looked at my cabin getting smaller in the rearview window as I drove down the long, winding dirt road that would take me to civilization. The sky was just starting to turn the dark purple that would soon become dawn, leaving an otherworldly glow on my home. I would miss my cabin in the swamps terribly. I rolled down my windows and listened to the frogs, cicadas, and crickets serenade me on my journey away from my sanctuary. For just a moment, a smile graced my face as I pretended I was on my back porch watching the fireflies and swatting the mosquitos.
A deer crossed the road in front of me, pulling me out of my reverie. I hit the brakes and came to a stop as he, too, paused just on the side of the road facing me. He wasn’t looking into my headlights, though. He was looking directly at me. I stared back into his black eyes for a moment before nodding. His head lowered slightly, showing his full set of antlers. I smiled and started on my way again as he ran back into the forest. The smile stayed in place as I continued on my way. There was nothing quite like a good, old-fashioned omen to put things into perspective.
I headed east, leaving Louisiana behind, passing through the southern tips of Mississippi and Alabama, and entering Florida. Jacksonville is in the northeast part of the state, within minutes of the Atlantic to the east and Georgia to the north. 
When I pulled into the drive of the historical home that belonged to the local Coven Mother, I could feel the anxiety and trepidation leaking out from within. They were scared, and they deserved to be. I took a deep breath and looked at my reflection in the mirror. I worked on my expression until none of my own fear showed. The Mother would still know, but I would make sure the members of her coven didn’t. I was their last hope after all. I should be some badass who was used to killing beings like this every day, not someone who was barely a woman and used to spending her days as a hermit in the Louisiana bayou. My aunt’s words resonated through my brain. “You only get one chance to make a first impression, Riya love.”
As I stood on the porch, I stopped to feel the wards on the house. They were strong, which was to be expected at a Coven Mother’s home. I raised my hand to knock but didn’t get the opportunity before a girl answered and ushered me into the house. She smiled softly at me, and I realized she wasn’t a girl at all. She had the stature of a young teen, but her face made her appear about my age, probably in her mid-twenties. She was short, though. I was rather tall for a woman at five nine, and she was a good head shorter than me. Her olive-toned skin and dark hair and eyes were the exact opposite of my blonde hair and light green eyes. Luckily, my aunt had taught me an easy spell as a child that protected my skin against the sun. Summers in Louisiana can be brutal, and with my naturally pasty complexion I would have spent them as red as a lobster. As it was, I had a fairly decent tan, but it did nothing to hide the freckles covering the bridge of my nose.
“It is nice to finally meet you, Riya. I’m Kit.”
I looked at the girl in front of me and put forth an effort not to ask her how long she had known I was coming. I was only notified this morning that I was needed and came straight here.
The woman smiled at me. “I forget myself sometimes. I knew of your coming weeks ago.” She tapped her temple with her forefinger. “I also told the Coven Mother of our impending need of you. I didn’t tell her everything, though.”
“What would everything consist of?” I figured it didn’t hurt to find out what she knew. If she was truly a psychic, she knew a whole hell of a lot.
She moved closer to me. “Where this creature came from, where you came from, and who this being used to be.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant by the last part, but apparently she knew more about me than I did her. Before I could ask her to elaborate, she stepped past the short wall that separated the entryway from the living room and curtsied for the Mother.
Dotti Lee, the Coven Mother of the Florida/Georgia convergence, sat in a recliner facing me. She took only a second to evaluate me, and if the sour look was an indication, she found me lacking. I took longer in my perusal of her. She had the appearance of a woman in her mid-twenties with dark-brown hair and brown eyes dark enough to be considered black.
Her magic told me she was easily a couple hundred years older than she appeared, though. She had at least one ring on each finger, each containing some kind of stone. My gut told me one of those stones held a store of power. She likely wore so many in an attempt to hide which one held the power. Plus, natural stones already hold energy within them and having that many acted as a barrier so most wouldn’t be able to tell she carried the extra magic.
I wasn’t most. I have always been more attuned to magic than others. It was both my gift and my curse. My ability and the training I’ve went through made me particularly ideal for this job.
Since the Mother had yet to address me, I figured I’d get this ball rolling. I didn’t drive more than five hundred miles for posturing. “The being isn’t here, so why don’t you tell me where he is and I can be on my way.”
“He has killed five of ours in as many days. You will treat me with respect or not at all.”
I shrugged. “I was under the impression you called me. I’m not here to disrespect you, just to do what I need to and return to my home. You say he killed five of yours. Have you heard of any others from the other covens?” 
Technically, she hadn’t called me. She had instead contacted the Witch’s council, and it just happened that I knew a Wizard who was married to a member, and he contacted me. He knew enough of my past to know this was a serious issue.
“I spoke with the Coven Mother in Atlanta, and she had informed me three of her Witches have perished. I have not been in contact with any other covens.”
“I don’t feel anything in the immediate area. I’ll go to where the others were killed and see if I can track him from there.”
“Then you will need to go to Savannah.”
“The others were killed in Georgia? Why was I sent here then?”
“I am their Coven Mother. It is only through my approval you will proceed.”
Don’t do it. Don’t do it. I rolled my eyes despite my attempt not to. Do you know what the worst thing is about people with power? Power. For some, once they get a taste of it, it’s never enough. That’s what started this whole mess in the first place. It seemed Dotti Lee liked to make sure everyone knew she was in charge. It didn’t really surprise me that her coven included Savannah. There weren’t a lot of Witches in this area until you got closer to Atlanta. She probably governed every Witch in a hundred-mile radius. That didn’t mean she couldn’t have allowed me to hunt the Darkness first and check in with her afterward.
“I’ll be sure to tell the family of the next Witch who is killed by the Darkness that I would have possibly been able to stop it if the Coven Mother wasn’t so worried about her position in the situation.” I didn’t bother waiting for her response. I knew where I needed to be now, and Savannah was a two-hour ride from here.
Kit stopped me as I left the house. “Be careful, Riya, and don’t be afraid to ask for help.”
I just nodded. I wasn’t sure if she was talking about her help or someone else’s, but I supposed I would find out. 

As I exited the interstate in Savannah, I could feel the dark magic of the Darkness calling me. It was pulling me, telling me where he was, and I allowed it to guide me like a homing beacon. When I reached the downtown area, I parked and started on foot. I didn’t want to be stuck in my car if I saw him, and I could tell he was close now. His magic was practically suffocating me.
That was the problem. I could feel the dark magic and knew it was coming from somewhere nearby, but I couldn’t actually pinpoint it because the entire area was saturated with it. I knew it wasn’t really. This being had so much magic that it was leaking off him in waves, and everywhere he’d been and the immediate area still held the residual.
As I reached the end of the street, I looked both left and right but couldn’t tell which way had a stronger magic content. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath while resting my hand on the butt of my gun. I did my best to close out my surroundings and concentrate on the magic. At the same moment I realized it was strongest behind me, a scream rang out. My gun was out, and I was running before I could second-guess myself.
As I approached where the scream had come from, a huge blond man ran out the door of what looked like a bar. I immediately recognized that his magic was unlike any I had seen before, and I never forget a magic. Given his kilt, I guessed he was Fey. He held a sword that looked as long as I was tall, and the look on his face had me stopping in my tracks. He was going to kill someone, and I couldn’t stop the prayer I sent up to the Goddess that it wasn’t me. The Darkness appeared behind the Fey and reached for him.
“Behind you.”
He turned in time to swing his sword at the being, removing one of his hands. The Darkness turned black and seemed to melt into goo, only to reemerge to the Fey’s left. The Fey reached into his pocket, pulled out a small satchel, and was about to throw it at the being.
“Don’t! No magic. It’ll only make him stronger.”
It was too late, the Darkness absorbed the satchel and again reached for the Fey. His hand had regrown already, but before he could touch him, the Fey swung his sword at the being’s neck. The Darkness had already begun melting again, so the sword passed right through him. He reappeared directly in front of me, and my training kicked in, causing me to take a step back and lift my gun at his head.
I paused briefly as I looked at him. Of course, my aunt had explained what they looked like. The being in front of me looked just like a man in his mid-twenties. The eyes are what gave away what he had become. They must have been blue naturally, but the high amount of magic within the being caused them to appear illuminated.
The thing that made me pause wasn’t my curiosity about what one of the Darkness looked like but because he looked familiar. I knew that I knew him but couldn’t quite grasp the memory. He saw the gun, and his eyes widened slightly as he realized what it was. Immediately he turned to blackness and began melting again, and I knew there was no sense in firing, but the Fey had chosen that moment to stab him. 
Unfortunately, the blade of his sword passed straight through the being, and I watched as, in slow motion, it continued into me. It seemed as though the entire length of that enormous blade slid into my upper stomach, and I could actually feel it break through as it continued out my back.
Huh. I’ve never been stabbed before. I would have thought it would hurt more. Perhaps I was in shock.


Chapter Two


Time is a fickle creature. Some days go by with such speed; years can pass in a blink of an eye while others appear to be infinite. Those days seem as though time has stopped, as if the very fabric of the universe had ripped apart and allowed the nothingness to swallow everything. The days leading up to today were of the latter variety.
His purpose had recently changed. For centuries, his one drive had been the protection of his people. As with all Fey, he had trained from boyhood to become the best warrior he possibly could. His race depended on it. Some species always thought themselves superior and felt that they needed to show it. The Fey were always helpful to prove them wrong. This was the first time in over a millennium that no enemy was knocking at the door.
Now, instead of fighting, he was stuck searching for women. Not that he minded finding a woman, or multiple women. He just couldn’t find the right ones and it was driving him mad. Sure, there were females surrounding him, but he was looking for a particular type of woman—one that could become Fey. It was like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Since learning of the anomaly that turned women with a certain aura into Fey, he had left to search for these women. He could argue that as a member of the Fey council he was obligated to put forth every effort to help save his people, but the truth was he couldn’t give two fucks about the council anymore and had latched on to this mission in the hope of finding some meaning to this overly long life he’d been born into. The council had ceased being meaningful when its members almost forced their future queen to be turned over to the hands of a madman. Then he understood it was composed mostly of uncaring, old frauds, and Logan Callanach would be damned if he would be like them.
Unfortunately, his decision to chase women had been a detriment. He knew nothing of this world outside of Scotland. Of course, he had started in his homeland but soon realized there were no such women to be found. From there, he had traveled south through England, then across the channel to France. He had spent almost two years searching Europe before abandoning it for an airplane and voyaging to America. The amusement of new experiences was soon drowned out by absolute failure. There were billions of women in this world. Surely there should have been some who had the Fey gene—or whatever allowed them to become Fey. 
Currently, he sat in a bar he hadn’t bothered to read the name of in a city he didn’t bother to remember, drinking a bourbon he hoped he would soon be able to forget. Didn’t the Americans know how to import good bourbon? He spared a glance at the businessman sitting to his right. The man seemed nervous and was downing shots faster that any Fey. His aura showed him to be a magic-wielding Human, and judging by its brightness, he was a strong one too. Now that sparked some interest in Logan. What could have a powerful Wizard nervous enough to down shots like it was his last day on earth?
The businessman shot a glimpse at Logan before quickly turning back to the drink in front of him. Logan was used to people sneaking glances at him, especially here in America and especially when he wore his kilt. For centuries, his people had only left Scotland to do battle. Because of that, most Others became accustomed to fearing the Fey’s very presence, knowing death and destruction followed. Contrary to what some believed, his people never went searching for a fight but often found it anyway.
The businessman was throwing back his umpteenth shot when a man appeared behind him. That had Logan out of his seat and facing the man. Few species could open portals; the Fey could, but this was no Fey. His eyes glowed with an unnatural light, and his aura was completely black. He paid Logan no mind. Instead, he forced his hand into the businessman’s back and pulled out a ball of energy. Logan could see the expression on the face of the businessman in the mirror behind the bar—fear turned to nothingness as his life was ripped from him and he fell to the floor. The man with glowing eyes just looked at the energy ball for a moment.
That was when a woman nearby saw what was happening and scream as if it was her magic that was being ripped out. The man forced the magic into his own torso, just below his sternum, and as soon as it entered him, he began glowing. The man’s eyes closed as he absorbed what was happening to him, and Logan then grasped that this was no man. He didn’t know exactly what species it was, but soon it wouldn’t matter.
Logan took the being’s temporary distraction as an opportunity to pull his sword from its sheath and aim it at the creature’s neck. The being looked at Logan briefly, and his expression showed no concern for his death. He tilted his head and sniffed slightly before taking a step toward Logan. Taking that as an act of aggression, Logan swung his sword at the being, but the man melted into nothing, and Logan’s sword passed through the air where the being had been. Logan had never seen anything like it before. He had opened plenty of portals, and this was nothing like that. 
Logan didn’t have time to contemplate what had happened because movement out of the corner of his eye caught his attention. He looked toward the bar and saw the being standing behind him in the mirror’s reflection. He swung his blade as he turned, but the creature was able to move back quick enough to avoid it. Logan continued his swing, pulling the hilt of his sword back to him until he had it in position, then stabbed it into the being’s shoulder. The creature grabbed Logan’s blade and began pulling it, and Logan, toward him. Logan released the sword and punched the creature as hard as he could, causing it to take a step back. Logan used the opportunity to pull his sword out of the being and ready it for a strike that would remove its head. But the creature, again, melted into the floor and disappeared. Logan looked around the bar, but his opponent didn’t reemerge, so he ran outside hoping it hadn’t just left.
As he hit the sidewalk, he saw a woman running toward him with a gun in her hand. Logan paused to ascertain if she was friend or foe. He rather hoped she wasn’t like the being in the bar. One look into her eyes and he knew she wasn’t like the other.
“Behind you,” she screamed.
Logan turned in time to cut off the creature’s outstretched hand. He could only assume the being intended to take his magic like he had the businessman in the bar. As soon as the creature was injured, it again turned black and melted, only to rematerialize beside Logan. Logan reached into his pocket and pulled out the spell that would immobilize any foe. He had been carrying it around since leaving his homeland and really thought he wouldn’t have the opportunity to use it. As he threw it at the creature, he heard the woman’s warning.
“Don’t! No magic. It’ll only make him stronger.”
Logan immediately swung his sword as he saw the satchel disappear inside the being, but before the blade could reach him, it had already begun disappearing again. The creature resurfaced in front of the woman, and Logan could see her lifting her gun at its head. He decided to stab the being, even though it didn’t seem to do much damage. Logan thought it might hold it in place long enough for her to get a shot off. Instead, she paused, and as soon as the creature saw the gun, it began to turn black. That was when the worst possible thing that could have happened to Logan happened. He tried to stop the action as soon as he saw what was going to transpire, but he couldn’t, momentum had already taken over, and he was forced to be witness to the event as his sword slid into the woman. Logan looked at her shocked expression and knew he had the same look.
He knew he only had minutes if he had any chance of saving her life. Quickly he helped her to the ground, pulling his sword from her in the process. Putting his hands to her wound, he began sharing his magic with her. Fey men weren’t the healers of their race. While the men were the ones who inflicted the wounds, the women healed them. His hope was that by sharing his magic it would allow her magic to mend the wound.
The wound didn’t begin healing at first, though. Instead, she began absorbing his magic, and he could virtually see it spreading through her. Logan had never seen anything like it and was almost afraid she was stealing his energy like the creature in the bar. He looked at her face to warn her to stop, but he found she had already passed out. He continued to share his magic, and once it had spread throughout her body, he could see the wound finally begin to heal. When he knew he could share no more with her, he pulled his hand away.
She was glowing slightly, and it reminded him of what the being had looked like after forcing the businessman’s magic into his chest. He didn’t think she had purposely taken his magic, though. Perhaps she was depleted in some way and needed the extra energy, which was why her body absorbed his magic before allowing it to heal her.
He didn’t have time to think about all of this right now. He could hear sirens in the background and didn’t really feel like answering a bunch of questions he didn’t have the answers to. So he stood, threw the woman over his shoulder, and made his way to somewhere more private.


Chapter Three


I woke to a strange feeling. It wasn’t actually a physical sensation but something within me. I kept my eyes closed as I tried to figure out what it was that was different. I couldn’t say exactly, but it had something to do with my magic. Being as attuned to magic as I’ve been all my life, I knew how to read different signatures. I became accustomed to what mine always felt like, but now it felt different, almost as if my signature itself had changed.
That was impossible. The only way my signature could change would be if I started using dark magic, and that would cause a complete metamorphosis. Sometimes the change was subtle and sometimes it wasn’t, but the point is moot because I haven’t used dark magic. I’ve seen the consequences of using it, and I honestly couldn’t say I would ever go down that road, even to save my own life.
Thinking about my life being saved, the last thing I remember was being run through with a blade larger than any one man should be able to wield, but then again, it wasn’t a man wielding it. It was a Fey. I was stabbed by a Fey. Not a lot of people could live to tell about that. I opened my eyes and looked at my surroundings. It appeared to be a hotel room, but a quick check on the nightstand showed no indication of which one.
In the next room running water shut off, and I realized someone had been taking a shower. I peeked under the covers and found I was still wearing my pants, but my top had been changed to one large enough to be a dress on me. My gun and holster were no longer on me and with another look around the room I found them sitting on the dresser. As I began getting out of bed to retrieve them, the door to the bathroom opened, and the same Fey that stabbed me stepped out. He was shirtless but had put on jeans instead of the kilt he’d been wearing earlier. His lack of a shirt caused me to wonder if I was wearing his top. I would offer it back, but I was pretty certain mine had made it into the trash somewhere. 
The Fey just stood there in the doorway, making no move to enter the room, so I continued to the dresser and reattached my gun and holster to my side while trying to inconspicuously sneak glimpses of him. He had to be one of the largest men I’ve ever laid eyes on. It was to be expected of the Fey, though. I don’t think there is such a thing as a small Fey unless you were referring to their children. 
When I turned back to look at him, he hadn’t changed positions, just a single blond brow was raised to show me he wasn’t afraid of me being armed. We stood there for a moment just looking at each other, and I tried to maintain eye contact, which was quite hard given that he was shirtless. His blue eyes seemed to take in everything, and I felt awkward standing there in front of him. Finally, I decided just to leave. I certainly wouldn’t thank him for healing me, which he had no doubt done, because he was the one who injured me to begin with. So I made a move for the door.
“Ye are no’ leaving without explaining some things.”
I closed my eyes briefly and let that Scottish brogue roll over me before reopening them and turning to face him. That same brow was still raised waiting for my response.
“He’s from another plane, one where the people cannibalized each other’s magic. I can only assume his resources were depleted there, so he came here.”
“I am going tae assume this plane is similar tae this one?” 
“Yes, almost completely parallel, except only one species existed there and only one type of magic.”
He nodded. “Ye come from this other plane tae.”
It wasn’t a question, and I had to wonder how could he possibly know that?
“Dinna bother trying tae deny it, lass. Ye stole some of my magic when I healed ye.”
“I did no such thing. I’ve never taken another’s magic. I wouldn’t do that.”
“Ah, but ye did.”
“You must have just given me too much. I wouldn’t take it. Never take what isn’t given.”
Both of his brows rose as I spoke the mantra my aunt had embedded into my brain by repeating it countless times during my childhood. He just stood there inspecting me for a moment longer before changing the subject.
“Dae ye feel different?”
He was much too observant for my liking. Instead of explaining, I just nodded.
“Ye have the aura of a Fey.”
“What? That isn’t possible. I’m not Fey.” Even as I denied his claim, I knew it was the change I felt within me. My aura had changed. It really wasn’t possible, though. One’s species doesn’t just change. I was born a Witch, I have always been a Witch, and I’ll remain a Witch until the day I die.
“Obviously.” He shrugged. “’Tis probably temporary because ye stole my magic.”
“Stop saying I stole it. I didn’t steal anything. If I have some of your magic, it is because you gave it to me.” I was practically yelling, and I tried to calm down, but if he only knew what would happen to me if I began stealing magic—I guess he did know. He had seen the creature from the bar.
“I apologize for upsetting ye. It was no’ my intention. I am Logan Callanach, former member of the Fey council.”
“Former member? Did you get kicked out or something?”
He smiled. “I left on my own accord. And ye are?”
I bit my lip and briefly thought about giving him a false name, but then I remembered he was Fey and would see through the lie before it had passed my lips. “Riya. Riya Grayson.”
“’Tis nice tae meet ye, Riya Grayson. Would ye like tae tell me the easiest way tae kill that creature now?”
I reached for my gun and removed it from its holster before showing it to him.
“Am I tae believe that bit of machinery will stop a being who absorbs Other’s magic?”
I shrugged. “Decapitation works as well, as long as he hasn’t already started to dematerialize.”
“Is that what ye call him melting?”
“Yes, basically he’s spreading out his molecules into the air and then accumulating them wherever he wants to be. It’s the dark magic that gives the appearance of melting into black goo.”
He nodded thoughtfully. My cell started ringing, and when I pulled it from my back pocket, I noticed the screen was cracked and a small amount of blood was on the top of it. It must have gotten broken when I was stabbed or possibly during the trip to this hotel.
I shuddered at the thought of how I got here. I was surprised the cops hadn’t shown up. I tried to wipe off the blood before answering. I knew who it was without being able to see the ID. Terrance Evans would know all of the events at the bar already.
“You heard about the Wizard,” I said as greeting.
“Tell me you got him.”
I turned and walked over to the window. “Um, no. A Fey interfered.”
“A Fey. Why in the world would the Fey be chasing him?”
“I think it was just a matter of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“And he couldn’t kill this creature?” He sounded incredulous.
“It wasn’t for lack of trying.”
“That doesn’t comfort me, Riya.”
I decided not to mention anything about being stabbed. He was already distraught over the Wizard’s death. He didn’t need to think I couldn’t complete this task.
“I need you to check with the authorities and find out if any more similar deaths have happened recently.
“Are we only looking for Witches and Wizards?”
“No. He was just as attracted to the Fey’s magic as mine.”
“I’ll look into it and see what I can find out. Do you still think you will be able to find him?”
“If he’s still close by, I can find him.”
“I’m not trying to rush you, but the sooner, the better.”
You don’t say. I decided to keep that sarcastic bit to myself though. “I’ll do my best, Terry.”
When I finished talking, I turned back for the door.
“Dinna think yer fighting this creature without me.”
“No offense, but the last time we fought him together, you stabbed me. I think I have better odds on my own.”
He winced as though I had slapped him. I wasn’t trying to test his ability as a warrior or whatever he thought I was doing. It was just that he didn’t know what we were fighting here, and it was obvious that his ignorance made fighting next to him dangerous.
I started for the door again, and he stepped in front of me. I sighed before taking a deep breath to refill my lungs and opening my mouth to begin my rant on why he needed to get out of my way, but I never got the chance. Instead, there was a knock on the door. I turned and looked at the window again. I knew we were at least on the tenth floor of this hotel, and I didn’t see any way to exit the room without using the door. 
Great. I really didn’t need to answer questions for the police for the next hour.
“Dinna worry. I will handle this.”
I just rolled my eyes in response.


Chapter Four


Logan wouldn’t have been shocked to find the police on the other side of the door. He did just carry an unconscious woman into this room less than an hour ago, not to mention being at the scene of a murder. When he looked through the peephole, though, he knew it wasn’t law enforcement. He turned back to look at the woman once more before opening the door. It was obvious she was nervous, and he didn’t know why. Was she running from the law, or was it that she had just nearly been killed and feared the creature from the bar was on the other side of the door? Logan didn’t think she feared the creature. He had seen her face the being, and her hand hadn’t waivered as she pointed the gun at his him.
Logan turned back to the door. He could think on that later. Now he had the men on the other side of the door to contend with. Another knock came and Logan opened the door as soon as it stopped. Two Angels stood in the hallway—or Fallen to be more precise. Now that he was seeing them in person, he could just make out the shadow of their wings behind them in the plane in between.
“What?” Logan asked when they didn’t state their business.
“Can we come in?”
The one who asked the question looked like he had been wearing eyeliner but had cleaned off most of it, leaving only the tiniest amount outlining his eyes. His hair was black and long enough to fall into his face. He wasn’t anywhere close to being as big as Logan but was taller than average with a lean build.
“I dinna see why ye should. Ye have no’ stated yer business yet.”
The other Fallen snuck a peek into the room and eyed Riya for what Logan thought was a smidge too long before turning his attention back to Logan. “We wanted to have a word about the creature you encountered at the bar.”
Logan continued to look at them as though he were bored. “I would no’ know what yer talking about.”
The first Fallen who spoke put his hand to his ear for a moment before addressing Logan. “We have confirmation that a Fey was at the scene of a murder at a bar nearby. Let me save you the trouble of lying to us. We tracked your magical signature from the bar to this hotel. Unless there are other Fey staying here, we know it was you. We just want to talk. That’s all.”
Logan eyed the Bluetooth device in the Fallen’s ear before taking a step back and allowing them into the room. The second Fallen immediately went to Riya and held out his hand. She instead took a step back and raised a brow.
“Hello, beautiful. I’m Zach.”
“Ye’ll leave the lass alone.”
Zach turned to look at Logan and shrugged. “Just being friendly’s all.”
“Why dinna ye tell me what ye want instead of trying tae sweet talk the girl.”
The other spoke instead. “Sorry, Zach has a problem controlling himself around the opposite sex.” He shot a warning glance at Zach before turning back to Logan. “I’m Hash of the Atlanta Fallen.”
Logan continued to look at them as though he couldn’t care less about who they were while he was really wondering what a band of Fallen would be doing here. He was sure he would soon find out. “I am Logan Callanach, and this is Riya Grayson.”
Hash nodded to them both. “We’re here because we have been following the creature you encountered at the bar. He’s killed over two dozen Others in this area during the last week and a half.”
“The Fallen are tracking killings?” Logan asked incredulously.
Hash rolled his eyes. “We have a map of the greater Atlanta area and have recently expanded it to include most of Georgia. The problem is that we don’t know where the creature is going after he kills. He just disappears, so our man thinks it’s likely he lives in another state or possibly—”
“He’s returning to his home dimension,” Riya said.
All three men turned to look at her.
“How do you know he’s from another dimension?” Hash asked.
She glanced at Logan before answering. “I just know. He comes here to gather magic, then returns to his home until he’s ready to gather more. He won’t be gone long, though. He will be back soon to gather more magic, and he won’t stop until this plane is empty of it.”
“Why? What is he gathering it for?”
Riya shrugged. “More power. That’s all they want.”
“They?” Hash asked her then put his hand to his ear. “Okay, Luke. Hang on. She can only answer one question at a time.” He paused for a moment before looking over at Logan. “Uh, big and blond. No, he’s not the one we met before.” He turned to Riya. “She’s”—he paused and just stared at her for several seconds—“Yeah, I’m still here. I’m not sure what she is. She reads as both Witch and Fey.” Another pause. “You don’t think I know that. I’m just telling you what I see. Okay, hold on.”
“Luke?” Riya asked.
“He’s on coms, listening in. He wants to know what you are.”
“I’m a Witch.”
“Then why do you read as Fey?”
She shrugged.
“’Tis my fault. I had tae heal her, and I believe I gave her tae much of my magic.”
Hash paused. “Luke said that shouldn’t have changed her signature.”
“Does it really matter?” Riya asked.
Hash shook his head. “No, you’re right. It doesn’t matter. It’s just weird.”
“Okay. Back to your earlier question, there are more than one on the other plane.” As Hash started to open his mouth, she continued. “Don’t ask me how many because I don’t know, and I don’t know if any of the others have crossed over to this plane. We only saw the one at the bar.” She pointed to Logan to show he was the other part of the “we” she was referring to.
Logan nodded. “Aye, and I hope there remains only one.” Logan couldn’t believe he said that. Never had he wished for fewer enemies. Normally, he would just fight whatever foe he needed to and be glad for the distraction of it. He shifted his eyes to Riya for a moment and realized he had a distraction of another sort to worry about now.
Hash turned back to Logan. “So you didn’t kill him then? He did return to his home?”
“Aye. I, uh, did no’ know he was unable tae be harmed once he started tae teleport.”
“He can teleport? We thought he was opening portals.”
“Aye, it makes him very hard tae kill.”
Hash turned back to Riya. “Then how do you suggest killing him.”
“I can kill him with this, if I can get a clean shot.” She held up her gun. “The problem is that he recognized the spell on the gun and knew what it was capable of. He immediately began dematerializing, so I couldn’t get a shot off.”
Logan could hear the lie in her voice. She had hesitated. He wasn’t sure why, but he knew she could have taken the shot if she wouldn’t have paused. He wouldn’t call her out on it now, though.
“Perhaps we should move this party back home so we can devise a plan on stopping this creature, and I can get to know our new friend a little better,” Zach said as he again reached for Riya.
Logan had his sword out and pointed at the Fallen before he could touch her. “Ye will refrain from touching the lass.”
Instead of showing fear, Zach just smiled and held his hands up in surrender.
“It would be better if we reconvened at our base. We would have the best chance of killing this creature if we work together since we can track it and you can kill it,” Hash said as he pointed to Riya’s gun.
“I can track it. If I’m close enough, I can follow his magic.”
“How close dae ye have tae be?
She shrugged. “I could feel him as soon as I got off the interstate here in Savannah, probably a few miles or so.”
“’Tis pretty good.”
“I agree. We can keep a watch for him on our map, and when he shows up you can track him from there,” Hash said.
Riya nodded. “Where is your base?”
“Atlanta.”
“Atlanta is two hours from here. He could have already killed someone and disappeared before I even got close enough to track him.”
Logan looked at her and smiled. “I suppose ’tis good ye will have a Fey with ye.”
Opening portals was one thing all Fey mastered as youths—that and sword fighting.
“Why are you getting involved in this? I understand the bar was simply a matter of being in the wrong place at the wrong time, but why now?”
The true reason was because he would not let this woman out of his sight as long as she continued to read as Fey, and something told him it wasn’t going to be temporary. That wasn’t the excuse he used, though. “I am Fey, lass. We dinna run from a fight.”
She rolled her eyes. “So that’s your excuse? You just want to kill something.”
He shrug. “’Tis what I am.”
She turned to look back at the others. “I still don’t see any reason to go to Atlanta. We can stay here, and you can contact us when he shows on your radar.”
“Are we sure the creature will continue here in Georgia? I dinna understand why he is no’ attacking anywhere else.”
“It is most likely his home is here, in his plane. When you pass through an interdimensional portal, you come out in respectively the same place in the other plane as you left from.”
Logan nodded. “But he can teleport anywhere.”
Riya shrugged. “Why go anywhere else? There is plenty of magic here.”
“Plus, there has been an influx of Others moving to the area recently. Since we’ve been policing the area for some time, the crime rate among Others is particularly low here.”
Riya rolled her eyes. “Fallen protecting the streets. I guess Angel wings look better on a shirt than bat wings.”
Hash’s brows drew together. “Bat wings?”
“Batman, the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, saving the citizens of Gotham City since the nineteen forties. Doesn’t ring a bell?”
Hash shook his head, so she looked to Logan, who looked just as confused.
“Never mind.”


Chapter Five


I didn’t know what to think about these men this journey had allied me with. I would accept their assistance—as long as Logan kept his sword to himself. I tried not to smile at the double entendre. I didn’t, however, see the point in going to Atlanta. Plus, it seemed like the Fallen on the other end of the coms was a little too interest in me with my strange magical signature while his friend seemed too interested for another reason. I glanced at the Fallen known as Zach and found him looking at me lasciviously. I wasn’t sure if he treated all women this way or why he was so attracted to me, but I didn’t like it. 
Logan took a step forward and blocked most of the Fallen’s view of me. He winked at me and I smiled. He was easily the most attractive man I’ve ever seen, as well as the biggest. His upper arms looked to be as big around as my thigh while his hips were much slimmer than I would have expected on such a large man. Although his size was somewhat disconcerting, he was the one I felt the most comfortable with. I’m not what anyone would call social, preferring quiet solitude to loud crowds, but not once when we were alone did I feel uncomfortable around him. Awkward and self-aware, yes, but not uncomfortable like the Fallen made me. Perhaps it was because I was distracted with almost dying and with his good looks. He was definitely something worth looking at.
“Riya?”
I looked up and found Hash watching me.
“What?”
“Luke wants to know if there is anything in particular that draws the creature other than magic and if you know how long it’ll be until he attacks again.”
“As far as attacking, no. Soon, that’s all I know. It used to be women they were drawn to, which is why I first thought the Witches of this plane were the only victims, but now, it seems as if he’s attacking anyone who is powerful.”
“Why women?” Logan asked.
I looked at him and shrugged. “I’m not sure. It could be because women outpopulated the men ten to one or because on their plane woman were stronger magically.” I made sure to word my statements so the others didn’t know I was from the same plane as the creature. I would tell them if it became pertinent, but for now, I would keep that to myself.
Logan nodded, and I took that to mean he understood what I was doing and wouldn’t contradict me.
“What happened? Why did they start stealing others’ magic in the first place?” Hash asked.
“Why do most people steal things? Greed is the most likely culprit. All I was told is that it started out with a few who started killing others and stealing their magic, and soon more had joined them, until the entire world was kill or be killed. Most of the innocents were ushered from the plane, and the rest either became like that creature or were killed.”
“But how could someone absorb that much magic? For everyone there is a limit to the amount of magic you can hold at one time,” Hash said.
“I don’t know the specifics, just that it was done with dark magic. Somehow they turned themselves into one large magical reservoir that can never be fully filled.”
Hash put his hand to his ear again. “Where?” He looked at me. “He’s in Atlanta right now. Downtowner’s Loop.”
Logan nodded before opening a portal and motioning me through. The others followed behind me. As soon as I stepped out of the portal, I could feel the dark magic that made up the creatures magical signature. I started forward down the alley we were in, and Logan came up beside me.
“Can ye tell if it is close?”
“It isn’t exact, but he’s probably within a block from here.”
He nodded before resting his hand on the hilt of his sword. I was tempted to remind him again not to stab me with it, but I knew he wouldn’t make that mistake twice. I took a right at the end of the alley and knew the Darkness wasn’t too far away, so I broke into a jog. At the next intersection, I took another right just in time to see the Darkness at the other end of the street. A dead woman lay next to him, and he was already starting to teleport. 
“Damn it! We’re never going to catch him this way,” I said. 
I needed to devise a plan. I knew this wouldn’t be easy. My aunt had told me how cunning they were. They attacked quickly, and now that they could leave the plane and return to their own home, they were even faster at getting away. We would have to draw them out. That would be the only way. For just a moment, I thought of my home and the secret held within it, but I wouldn’t risk that falling into the creature’s hands. Instead, I pulled out my cell and made a call.
“Hello, Riya. I was just about to call you. I got some information on Other deaths—”
“I know about the Others. I need to see if you will help me convince the Coven Mother to help me draw out the Darkness. Oh, and you will be involved in this plan as well.”
“I will? What is the plan exactly? Please don’t say you plan to use us as bait while you and your Fey friend kill the creature because, no offense, but I don’t have that much faith in your abilities.”
“You cut me to the quick, Terry. Actually, the plan is to use you, the Coven Mother, and me as bait while a couple of Fallen, the Fey, and I try to kill him.”
“You have the Fallen of Atlanta helping you?”
“Wow, I didn’t realize these guys were so popular. I guess I need to get out more.”
“That’s an understatement. Tell me, are you homesick yet?”
“Like you wouldn’t believe. I’ll take the alligators over this city any day of the week.”
He chuckled before sobering. “I’ll call Dotti and see if she will help.”
“Be quick. He just killed again.”
He sighed deeply. “Give me a few minutes.”
He hung up, and I turned to the others. They had already heard my conversation with Terry and had apparently decided to start hashing out the details without me.
“I think Miller’s Park would be the best place. It’s just south of here, and it’s an open field with a few structures close by we could wait in,” Hash said.
“No. The Coven Mother will want to do it at her home. There are several wards on the house, which will only serve to attract the Darkness even more, but there she’ll feel safer, and this Coven Mother believes what she wants she gets.”
My phone started ringing, and I answered.
“She said she would do it on one condition,” Terry said.
“We do it at her home.”
“Are you a mind reader now too?”
“No. Some people are just predictable.”
He laughed. “How soon can you be there?”
I glanced at Logan. “Ten seconds.”
“Good. I’ll meet you there.”
He hung up, and I told Logan where we were going. Since he had never been to Jacksonville, he used a map that Hash was nice enough to offer, opened a portal to an intersection close to the house, and we jogged to the house from there. Terry was on the front porch pacing. He was an older-looking gentleman, though he was probably a few hundred years old. He always reminded me of the images depicting pharaohs. He wasn’t very big for a man, but his dark complexion, hair, and eyes paired with his strong nose and jaw and aristocratic attitude put me in the mind of the ancient rulers.
He looked at his watch as we walked up. “You’re late.”
I pointed my thumb over my shoulder. “The Fey didn’t know where to go.”
He rolled his eyes. “Foreigners.”
Logan walked up to the Wizard, and it was almost comical as Terry looked up at him, the superior look on his face never changing. “I apologize for making ye wait.”
“Um, that isn’t a problem. I can understand you not being familiar with the area.”
Logan nodded once before taking a step away, just outside Terry’s personal bubble. Hash and Zach both nodded to the Wizard.
“The Fallen of Atlanta. It is nice to meet you both.”
Neither of them said anything. Zach was too busy trying to see the Witches through the window of the house while Hash gave the Wizard a once-over, then seemed as though he couldn’t care less.
Terry looked at me. “All right then. Shall we move inside before we are attacked?”
“After you.”
Once inside, the Mother looked at me from her chair with the same contempt as before while the Witch I had spoken to the last time smiled softly at me. To my surprise, Dottie got up and led us into the backyard. I would have thought she would be more comfortable in the home, and it was apparent most of the Witches had already vacated the premise, but if she preferred outside, that worked for me. I could feel the wards extend out into the lawn and guessed they covered the entire property. I turned and nodded to the others, and they spread out to the corners of the lawn.
I looked at the two Witches close by, one of which was the psychic, before turning to the Coven Mother. “Mother, would you ask your Witches to return to the house? If the creature realizes this is a trap, he may choose to take their magic instead.”
“I have sent away all but these two. They have asked to remain. They are aware of the danger.”
I looked at them both. The psychic, Kit, had watched us enter the house intently and still continued to sneak glances at the two Fallen as they moved away from us. I don’t know what she had expected, but it was apparent she was disappointed. I suppose being able to see the future wasn’t all it was cracked up to be. The other Witch was very powerful, and I suspected she was the Coven Mother’s successor. That explained why she wanted to stay. It would look bad if she ran and hid while something happened to the Mother.
Kit caught me examining them and nodded. I took that to mean it was all right for them to stay, so I shrugged. “Very well.”
“How long do you think it’ll be before he attacks?” Terry asked as he shot glances around the yard.
“Not long after I do this.”
I wore only one ring on my hand. Unlike the Mother, I didn’t bother trying to hide it among many. The spell placed on it was stronger than anything I’ve felt, probably because it was a dark magic spell that had been used to conceal it. I used my magic to unweave the spell and allowed the dark magic to enter me. It was the single most horrifying feeling I’ve ever experienced. The dark magic felt as though a thousand insects were crawling up my arm and slowly covering me from head to foot. I knew my eyes glowed like the Darkness, and I closed them as I fought to hold on to my own magic, not allowing it to mix with the darker. I wouldn’t lose myself like the others had. I wouldn’t allow myself to become what they had.
Once I knew I had as much control as I could have, I opened my eyes and looked at the others. Terry’s only response was a slight widening of his eyes while the Coven Mother actually took a step back.
“Be ready. He’s coming.”
My voice sounded like a chorus of voices speaking as one, and I tried not to allow it to freak me out. I could feel the dark magic inside me reaching out for the Darkness, calling him to me. I pulled my gun from its holster and worked to steady my breathing. I wouldn’t stop this time. It didn’t matter if he looked familiar. It didn’t matter if a part of myself felt connected to him. He had to be stopped, and I would not hesitate. I closed my eyes again and concentrated on the magic—mine, the dark magic inside me, and that of the Darkness. I could feel his getting ever closer. Then I knew he was familiar. His magic, though contaminated with dark energy, felt similar to mine. 
I opened my eyes and found him standing in front of me. It was then I realized he should feel familiar. Although I hadn’t seen him in almost twenty years, no one forgets her only brother no matter how much time had passed.
He reached for my magic, and I lifted my gun. He would kill me and not think twice about it. It was that knowledge that allowed me to pull the trigger. It again seemed like slow motion as the bullet left the gun and passed through the air into his forehead. There was the slightest pause before his body exploded, dark magic flying from him in every direction. I shielded myself momentarily, and when I looked again, another Darkness stood behind the Mother. 
“No!”
I lifted my gun again, but he was already dematerializing, both of them falling to the ground at the same time—the Mother dead and the Darkness melting into nothing. He wasn’t gone for long, though. He rematerialized directly in front of me, grabbed my gun hand, and held it away from him. He cocked his head for a moment as he looked at me, then began reaching for my magic.
It was completely horrifying. I was about to be killed by my father.


Chapter Six


Logan watched the first creature appear in front of Riya and was glad to see her lift the gun and fire. He hadn’t expected the being to explode, though, and the momentary distraction was all the other creature needed to attack the Witch. Logan began running as the being teleported to Riya. He knew he wouldn’t make it in time, so he opened a portal in front of him, ran through, and came out just beside her. He pushed with his left hand while slicing his sword across the front of the creature with his right. The Fallen flew in behind him, but the creature had already begun teleporting. Hash slashed down with his sword, only to have it continue through the air. Logan took a step back to keep from being cut, then turned to Riya.
She was convulsing on the ground, and Logan didn’t know what to do for her. He knelt beside her and searched for an injury, but there was none. After a minute, those eerie illuminated eyes widened, and her mouth opened, her scream releasing a black cloud of dark magic. She held her hand up, and the magic was pulled back into the ring on her finger. Once it was gone, her hand dropped back to the ground and her eyes closed. 
Again, Logan didn’t know what to do to help her. He didn’t like feeling useless and that was exactly how this felt. No obvious injury showed, so he didn’t know if healing her would even help her.
“I’m fine, so you can stop freaking out. I just need a minute.”
Logan sighed in relief. “That was an extremely stupid thing tae dae. Ye dinna play with dark magic.”
She lifted her hand and waved it lazily at him. “Sorry, Mom. You can bet your tartan I won’t be doing it again.”
“’Tis a good thing. The punishment would be severe.”
She opened her eyes and just raised a brow at him before getting up slowly. Logan watched her carefully. She could have been lost to the darkness. Any who dealt in magic knew the allure dark magic had on the user. Many Witches and Wizards have allowed the magic to take them completely over. Oh, it always started slowly, just as with any addiction. Soon the users would kill their own mothers for another fix of darkness.
Logan didn’t like the idea of one of his people being subjected to pure dark magic. He wasn’t sure where she had gotten it from, but he would make damn sure she never released it from its hold in that ring again, and at the earliest opportunity he would be disposing of it in a more permanent way.
“Stop looking at me like that. I’m not going over to the dark side.”
“Ye dinna know how easy it is.”
“I do know. I’ve seen too many succumb.”
“Then why did ye dae it?”
She shrugged. “I needed to make us irresistible. Sure the Mother and Terry were strong, but they weren’t enough to ensure the Darkness would come.”
“And you knew these creatures wouldn’t be able to resist the dark magic,” Hash added.
“I found you pretty irresistible. Those eyes, though…sexy,” Zach said while waggling his brows.
Hash punched him on the shoulder and shook his head when Zach looked at him in question. Zach responded with an eye roll but didn’t say anything else.
“I think we should return to our home. Luke would like to take a look at your gun, if it’s okay. He’s interested to know how it works.”
Riya nodded. “I think that would be a good idea. I’m assuming you have an extra room where I could catch a few hours’ sleep.” She yawned as she finished the sentence.
“You could—” Zach stopped as Logan began pulling his sword from its sheath. “Never mind. I was just trying to be a good host.”
Logan said nothing, but he would harm the Fallen if he touched Riya. Logan tried to reason that he would do the same for any Fey woman, and he would, but she was different. He had some connection with her that he couldn’t explain. It was probably due to his magic being inside her, the magic had turned her aura to read as Fey after all. Perhaps that was why he felt the way he did—or perhaps not.
Logan was far too old to believe he would ever find the one Fey female he was destined to be with, and he didn’t hardly believe that woman would be a Witch who stole his magic, but he wouldn’t allow anything to happen to her all the same.
After the Fallen showed him on the map where it was they were going, he opened a portal. He noticed Riya was moving stiffly as she walked through and knew it was an aftereffect of the dark magic being in her.
They stepped out of the portal on a large lawn with a huge house in front of them. Immediately a ward went off, sending blaring noise throughout the property. It was so loud Logan couldn’t help trying to cover his ears. After several seconds it stopped, and he looked up to see a blond Fallen standing in the doorway with a contrite expression.
“Sorry. I was in the middle of disabling it when you came through.”
“What? What did you say? I couldn’t hear you,” Riya shouted with a smile.
“Come in. The ringing in your ears should subside shortly.”
The other two Fallen passed through the doorway, but as Riya entered, the blond Fallen backed up practically to the other side of the room. Riya looked back at Logan with a brow raised, and Logan shrugged in response. He wasn’t sure if she thought he had done something to cause the Fallen to keep his distance, but Logan hadn’t even had a chance to talk to him yet. The threats wouldn’t come until later, and then only if he tried anything with her.
Once they were all in the house, the blond walked forward and shook Logan’s hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Logan. I’m Luke, and this is Sam.”
He pointed toward another Fallen who stood in the room next to Hash. The resemblance was too much for them not to be brothers. Sam only waved without saying anything so Luke turned to Riya and waved without moving any closer. “Riya, it’s nice to meet you too. I would love to take a sample of your magic as well as look at your gun. Do you know what makes it work against the creatures? I’m pretty sure it’s not a regular old Glock because the creature’s magical signatures are through the roof. Close proximity to that much magic would make most technological equipment go wonky. The last thing you would want is for your gun to misfire and shoot an innocent.”
Wow. That was a mouthful. Logan wondered if she would submit the sample Luke requested. He wouldn’t mind finding out more about how her change happened, and wouldn’t mind using the Fallen to do it. As long as Luke didn’t try to reverse it, Logan would be fine with it. Riya decided just to ignore the question, though.
“Uh, yeah. Yes, to answer your question, I do know. It’s been spelled.”
“Spelled?”
“It’s not the mechanism inside the gun that makes it fire. Really the mechanisms have all been removed to allow the spell to do its job.”
Luke nodded, but Hash looked confused. “I’m not sure I’m following.”
“The beings we’re fighting absorb magic. So if you throw a spell at them, they only get stronger. The gun is spelled to fire a bullet. The spell could have been put on virtually anything, but a tool already used for expelling a bullet worked best. This spell is designed to shoot bullets that are antispelled.”
“Antispelled?” Logan asked.
“They negate magic.”
“A nulling spell. Perfect. Without the magic holding them together they would fall apart,” Luke said.
“Or, you know, explode,” Hash added.
“Even better.”
“The only problem I can see is the same with their swords.” Riya pointed to the other men, “Once the beings start to dematerialize, it goes straight through them.”
Luke was nodding. “Perhaps a net.”
“You want me to shoot a net at him?”
“No, if the spell could be tweaked to spread out from the bullet, then it would act as a net and pass through all of the molecules as they’re breaking apart. Of course, that would still only work before the creature fully dematerialized.”
“Yes, it takes him about a second to melt until there is nothing left.”
“A second can be quite an advantage. I will check with some of the spells I have for anything that would allow you to tweak the spell.”
“Me?”
“You are the Witch.” Luke eyed her for a moment. “Well, part Witch. I would very much like to know how you have a mixed aura by the way. You can still cast, can’t you?”
“I…yes, I think so. I’ve never really been a very good spell caster. I prefer not to rely on magic if possible, and I haven’t really tried to do any spells since this.” She waved her hand down the front of her, referring to her changed aura.
Luke waved his hand. “I’ve been told it’s just like riding a bike.”
“I can’t ride a bike either.”
“What is wrong with you, woman? You sound like you’ve lived a more sheltered life than I have, and that’s just sad.”
Riya shrugged.
“I believe now would be the time tae tell us what happened on your homeland, and how it is ye knew those creatures. Any information ye give us could help us in this fight,” Logan said.
“Wait. You’re from the same plane as these beings?” Hash asked.
Logan instantly regretted his wording. He knew Riya didn’t want the others to know of her origins, but it could help them to better deal with the enemy. Riya, however, looked at Logan as though he had betrayed her.


Chapter Seven


“Can I sit somewhere first? I’m dead tired. It seems being stabbed by a Fey and holding a reservoir of dark magic all in the same day really takes it out of you.”
I saw the Fallen all shoot wary glances at Logan before Luke motioned me into the living room. I took a seat in one of the chairs and waited for the others to settle before I began. Logan purposely didn’t look toward me. He was probably upset that I told the others he had stabbed me, but you know what they say about turnaround.
“Okay, to answer your question, yes, I was born on the same plane these beings are from. I was only six when my aunt brought me to this world. All I really remember is chaos and destruction. One of the last memories I have of my days there was of my mother, my aunt, and several other Witches working together to build a bridge, a portal that several women used to take children from our world. Many were able to escape before he found us. 
“My mother had hidden me when he came for her and the others, but they weren’t able to fight him. Magic was what everyone on that world relied on, they didn’t need anything else. My mother had managed to injure him, cutting off his hand in the process. That is where I got this.” I held up my hand to indicate the ring. “He was forced to retreat and heal, but she was mortally wounded in the fight. She used the last of her magic combined with my aunt’s to send us through to this plane. That was the last time I saw both of my parents.”
“Both your parents? You’re saying your father killed your mother?” Luke asked.
I nodded. “My aunt told me he was one of the first to convert. She didn’t know why the Wizards did it. Maybe they were more susceptible to the pull of the dark magic, or perhaps they just wanted to be stronger than the Witches. It doesn’t really matter why. As far as I know, I was the last to leave that plane before recently.”
“Do you think more of them will come?” Hash asked.
“My aunt did. Since I was a child, she has been training me to fight them. She believed our people’s reliance on magic was their downfall, and she was certain it was only a matter of time before the Darkness came to this world. That is what my aunt always called them, the Darkness, because that is what they are. I would be willing to bet these are only the first of many to come.”
“So that is why you don’t do magic?” Luke asked.
“Yes. I can do the spell, though, if you can modify it. I’ve just learned not to rely on it.”
“’Twas yer father today.”
I looked at Logan.
“The one who almost killed ye, he was yer father.”
I nodded. “Yes. I knew I recognized the one at the bar, but I didn’t know how. Just before I shot him, I knew it was my brother. I thought he had been killed before I left, but I guess my father had just converted him into the same evilness he is.”
“Whoa, and I thought my family was fucked up,” Zach said.
“Where is your aunt now? Her knowledge could be quite useful,” Luke said.
I huffed. “I’ll say. She’s dead. She’s been gone for a few years now.”
“Oh.”
“Dae ye ken if the others were brought tae this plane?”
That had me pausing for a moment. Of all the information I gave him, he wanted to know if the other children were brought here? Did he think they might have been trained to fight the Darkness like I had?
“I don’t know. I would say it’s probable. The portal was already open when we passed through, so I would imagine it went to the same destination.”
“But ye dinna ken where the others are?”
I shook my head. “I wouldn’t know even if I saw one. Most of the ones I saw enter the portal were very young. They might not even remember being on a different plane, and if they do, it’s not like they’re going to advertise it. Why do you want to know about the others?”
“I wonder if they are like ye?”
“Like me? You mean trained to fight the Darkness?”
He just shrugged in response, so I looked to the others for their input, but they were looking at Logan.
“You’re referring to her mixed aura,” Luke said.
“Aye.”
Luke just nodded but didn’t say anything else. I wasn’t exactly sure what they were talking about. Why would my aura changing to a mixture of Fey and Witch be beneficial to the Fey? I was sure it had something to do with the Fey Crisis. When I was a child, my aunt used to tell me about the different species of this plane in an attempt to familiarize me with them. The Fey was by far my favorite story to hear, and she must have told me about their near extinction a hundred times. She knew the knowledge wouldn’t really help me fight the Darkness, but I was a child, and she wanted to appease me.
From what she told me, compared to the three hundred thousand or so Fey men on the planet, there were only a few hundred Fey women left and there hadn’t been a single Fey female born in almost three centuries. At the end of the Fey–Elven war, more than a hundred thousand Fey women fell to an illness the likes of which the Fey had never seen. No one knew what caused it or how to treat it as, one by one, their women died. 
When it was done, the female population had been reduced by a third. Only previously mated Fey women survived the illness; then, over the next couple of centuries, they lost at least that many more women to childbirth and half that many Fey men by choosing to follow their women into the afterlife. It was truly a sad story, but the devotion of it was what drew me as a child. Now, I think it was watching what my father had done to my mother that had drawn me to the story.
I tried to think through the more recent information I’ve read over the last several years, but there wasn’t much written about the Fey in our local paper in Louisiana, and I don’t have Internet access at my cabin. I do own a laptop and would connect to the Internet at the local diner when I went into town, but I would usually use that time to search for any rise in deaths that might be associated with the Darkness coming to this plane.
“I think it would be best if we notify the First Lord of the situation. At the least, he will want to know, and at the most, he’ll send reinforcements,” Luke said.
“Aye, I am also notifying my king of all that is going on here.”
“Well, while you two do that, I’m going to catch some shut-eye. Let me know if there are any more attacks.”
I didn’t see what assistance the First Lord or the Fey could be right now, but I supposed it was smart to keep each apprised of the situation. Luke looked at Hash and nodded toward me. Obviously Hash would be tasked with showing me to my room. I had to say this was a merry band of misfits. One didn’t speak; and another seemed to be allergic to me, or maybe it was women in general; and yet another couldn’t keep his hands to himself. The only one that acted normal was Hash.
As I began to leave the room a band poster on the wall caught my attention, and I stopped to look at it. The word Darkened was written across the top with a group of five men holding various instruments below. I turned back to the room.
“You’re in a band?” The four Fallen, along with a fifth one I hadn’t met yet, were all on the poster.
“We were. Those days are gone. We stick to the crime-fighting gigs now,” Hash said.
I looked back at the poster, then at him. “What, did the makeup start to cause acne?” Apparently, he used to wear it pretty thick and used to have enough metal in his face to be seen from space.
“You don’t like my psycho look?”
“Uh, not so much.”
He shrugged. “Pity.”
The room he showed me to was on the first floor, and I was glad not to have to climb any steps. I didn’t even take my shoes off before collapsing onto the bed and immediately falling asleep.


Chapter Eight


Logan walked through a portal to the front steps of his king’s castle. As he entered the foyer, he could hear the commotion coming from the dining hall and knew what he would find beyond that door. Every Fey who lived in the castle and surrounding area was seated at the five long rows of tables with the king and his queen seated in the middle. All conversation stopped when he entered the room and started toward his sire. They all knew why he had left, and he knew they were hoping to hear some word on the situation.
Logan made sure to stop and bow deeply to his queen before proceeding to her mate. His mother had taught him to always treat women with the utmost respect, especially Fey women.
“Hey, Logan. Found you a woman yet?” Queen Genivieve asked.
Logan moved closer to whisper, so no one else heard. “Possibly.”
Her smile brightened her whole face. “I think you should be speaking to your king then.”
Logan nodded before walking to the head of the table, bowing, and whispering in his king’s ear. “Sire, I would have a word with ye, if ye’d permit.”
Raynon Duhbshaine nodded. “Would ye prefer tae eat something first.”
Logan couldn’t remember when his last meal was, probably sometime yesterday, but he shook his head. “I would prefer tae return as quickly as possible.”
Rayn’s only response was a single raised brow. He turned to his mate, and Logan could practically see the mental conversation they were having. After a moment, he pushed back his chair and stood. He looked around at the rest of the Fey and nodded once. As one they began talking again, and Logan could just imagine what the topic of conversation was.
Rayn led the way out of the dining hall, through the foyer, and into his office. Without sitting, he turned and looked at Logan. “Ye look worn, brother. Has yer woman made ye this way?”
It didn’t surprise Logan that Rayn had already surmised that his urgency was because of Riya. “It is no’ her. There is a new evil that has come tae this world.”
That actually caused both of Rayn’s brows to rise. “Dae I need tae ready the men?”
“I did no’ mean tae get yer hopes up, sire. ’Tis related tae how I found the woman.”
“Yer going tae have tae explain better than that, Logan.”
Logan spent the next several minutes explaining about the events of the day, including healing Riya and her mixed aura.
“Dae ye think she is yer mate?”
“I dinna…” Logan was perplexed. He couldn’t say she wasn’t his mate, but he didn’t think she was either. Then again, he wouldn’t really know if she was his mate.
Rayn started laughing. “Ye should see yer face.”
“I dinna think it funny. How would I know if she was my mate? When I left I did no’ actually expect tae find a woman.”
“I ken. ’Twas because of Gage that ye really left.” Rayn paused for a moment and seemed to be considering something. “Bring her here. I will allow the other men tae look at her and see if she appeals tae one of them.”
Logan had an irrational urge to lash out at his king. “I will no’ bring her here tae show off like some side of beef.”
“I did no’ intend that. If she is no’ yer mate, then ’tis likely she is another’s. As Fey, she belongs here with us.”
The thought of all those Fey men in the dining hall eying Riya made Logan want to punch something. “I will no’ dae it. We need tae stop this creature first, then I will consider bringing her here.”
“Ye will consider it?” Rayn asked incredulously.
“I dinna want tae disobey ye, sire. I just can no’ have her looked at by the others.”
The corner of Rayn’s mouth lifted. “And why dae ye suppose that is?”
Logan rolled his eyes as he realized his king’s manipulation. He had never really planned to force Logan to bring her here, at least not right now. He had merely meant to make Logan understand how really important she was to him.
“Ye act more like yer queen each day,” Logan finally said.
“I can no’ say that is a bad thing. I suppose it goes without saying that ye will keep her safe. Ye know how precious our women are.”
“I dae no’ need yer reminding. I would no’ allow anything tae happen tae her.” Rayn’s brow rose so Logan added. “Or any other Fey woman.”
He could tell Rayn was trying not to smile, and Logan decided that was the perfect time to somewhat change the subject.
“I would ask for a couple of men tae join me in America and aid in the search for the other women who were brought over from this other dimension.”
Rayn nodded. “Ye can choose who you would like to take with you. Many will volunteer, especially after finding out ye have found yer mate.”
Logan opened his mouth to object but then closed it. He wasn’t as convinced as his king, but he wouldn’t deny it either. Besides, he had already contradicted his king enough for one day.
Walking passed the barracks that many of Rayn’s warriors lived in brought Logan back to his youth. For many years, he was but a warrior in his king’s army. That was over five centuries ago, though, five centuries since he was brought to serve at his king’s side and later placed on the council of advisors. It was almost humorous because he had never stopped being that warrior aching for battle. As he continued beyond the barracks to the training arena, the sound of swords clashing brought a smile to his face. He hadn’t realized how much he’d missed his home until now.
“Will ye look what the horn monger’s drug in? If it’s no’ our lost little beastie.”
Logan took a breath for patience before turning to the large redhead beside him. Gage had been the bane of his existence since before joining the council, and his mistreatment of their queen had been the final straw. 
“Did ye finally decide tae stop chasing tail?” Gage asked.
“I am only here tae find Jock. Have ye seen him?”
“What am I, his mother?”
Logan started to walk away. The last thing he needed right now was to get into it with Gage. He needed to find Jock and Adair and get back before Riya wakes.
“Well, if ye dae find any women, I hope they are no’ trash like the last one.”
It was as though Logan didn’t have control of his functions. The next thing he knew, he had Gage thrown against the wall with his forearm pushing into his throat. “Ye dinna speak of women in such a way, especially no’ about our queen.”
Logan felt a hand on his shoulder, turned his head, and saw his queen standing next to him with a calming smile on her face.
“It’s okay. He’s just mad because he got booted off the council and because I kicked his ass during sparring yesterday.”
Logan released Gage and turned to Genivieve. “I am sorry tae have lost my temper.”
She waved her hand toward the direction he had been heading, and he began walking with her. “Rayn told me about the woman you met and the new threat you found.”
“Aye. I would just as soon gather my brothers and be on my way.”
She nodded. “I can see how you’d be in a hurry. I would give you a word of caution though, if you’d hear it.” He nodded and she continued. “Take it from a woman who wanted nothing to do with being Fey or mating, give this woman time to accept everything. Just because you’re aware of your mate doesn’t mean she is.”
“’Tis the problem, my lady. I dinna ken if she is my mate.”
She stopped for a moment and looked at him. “You mean you don’t know?”
He shook his head.
“Well then, perhaps that is a good thing.”
“Why would my ignorance be a good thing?”
She just smiled. “No woman likes her fate dictated to her. The fact that you’re just as oblivious makes it a little more even ground.”
“I see. Yer saying Rayn knew ye were his mate from the beginning?”
She nodded. “It was me who took some convincing.”
“Perhaps she is no’ my mate after all then.”
Genivieve shrugged. “Perhaps.” She patted Logan on the shoulder. “Your brothers are in the padded room kickboxing from what I hear.”
“Thank ye, my lady.”
She just gave him a quick smile before turning back toward the castle. It was funny how much she had changed since coming to stay here with her mate. It seemed they had both influenced each other. He shook his head and continued on. He needed to hurry. He had already spent too much time here. Luckily, it wouldn’t take much convincing to have his brothers join him in this fight.


Chapter Nine


I woke after what felt like an array of constant dreaming to feel complete confidence in what I needed to do next. A look out the window showed the sun just starting to set. That meant I’d slept for at least a few hours. A T-shirt was folded on the foot of the bed, and I was glad to be able to change out of Logan’s shirt. I had been forced to tie it Daisy Duke style just to keep it from falling to my knees. I wasn’t sure which Fallen’s T-shirt this was, but it fit quite a bit better. When I looked in the mirror I realized it was their band’s T that looked similar to the poster I had seen earlier. As I exited the room, I found Logan sitting on the floor leaning against the wall next to the door.
“Were you waiting on me?”
“Ye were sleeping fitful. I heard ye scream more than once.”
I nodded. It didn’t really surprise me. The dreams I was having weren’t really happy ones. “I need to talk to the others.”
He stood. “I will take ye tae them.”
He started up the stairs and I followed. The first door on the left was open, and I could hear voices coming from within. 
“Did I miss anything?”
Luke shot me a small smile. “No sign of him. We think it might be due to Logan injuring him.”
“Possibly, or it might be because we killed Caleb, I mean, the other one.”
Logan put his hand on my shoulder, and I looked over at him, but he just nodded. It seemed as though he understood the trouble I was having differentiating between the boy I knew and loved and the being I shot earlier today. I didn’t see how he could, but I would take it.
“Well, another bit of good news is that I’ve been able to come up with what I believe will work as an acceptable adjustment to the spell on your bullets,” Luke said.
“Where did you find the spell?” 
He wasn’t a Witch, and I didn’t see any spellbooks lying around. That reminded me, my own spellbook was still in the trunk of my car parked on the side of the street. I really hoped it didn’t get towed before I could get back to it. Then again, it wasn’t like the spells inside would really benefit us right now. Most of the spells I was accustomed to performing were minor. For example, I could call for rain during a drought or mend a rip in a pair of jeans. My aunt had been sure I didn’t abuse my powers or rely on them like our people had.
“I blended a few together to work for our purpose.”
“You know how to do that?”
Most rookie Witches wouldn’t even attempt mixing spells because the results could be disastrous, and it was obvious he wasn’t much of a spell caster.
“I have read many spellbooks, and the likelihood of an ill side effect happening by combining these spells isn’t very high. I’ve actually seen this nulling spell placed on bullets before. They were used to break the connection between a necromancer and his undead.”
I was surprised by that. Necromancers weren’t very common, and the fact he had fought against one and lived to tell about it was even more unordinary. “And you just remembered the spells you read however long ago?”
He smiled and tapped his temple. “Photographic memory.”
“Ah. Is that a gift or a curse?”
He looked sad briefly before smiling softly. “Definitely a gift. Curses are much worse.”
It was obvious he didn’t want to talk about what he meant by that, and it really wasn’t any of my business anyway, so I changed the subject. “I need to return to my home and retrieve something.”
“Is it another weapon?” Luke asked.
I shook my head. “It’s a way to draw out the creature.”
“Nay. I will no’ allow ye tae use yerself as bait again,” Logan said.
What was he, my mother? I didn’t recall asking him for permission. I took a breath and let his comment pass because it didn’t matter anyway. “I’m not planning to. I won’t allow anyone else to die because of my poor decisions. This will tempt Gray without anyone else having to do it.”
“Gray?” Luke asked.
“Oh, I mean, the Darkness. That was his name before he changed.”
Luke nodded.
“What is this object ye believe will draw out the Darkness?” Logan asked.
“It was something of my mother’s, something very powerful.”
Logan nodded. “If it is so powerful, why has he no’ come for it already?”
I smiled. “You don’t think a Witch knows how to hide something from others?”
“Very well. I will accompany ye tae yer home once ye are finished placing the spell on yer bullets.”
I nodded. That would give us plenty of time to finish this and drive home before I could access the cage. I looked over the spell Luke had written. It seemed simple enough. Of course, I wasn’t the one to place the first spell on the bullets. My aunt had done that long before her death. Usually a spell would dissipate after the spell caster’s death, but she had used a single drop of my blood in the bowl with the bullets when casting it. Therefore, when she died, the spell stayed because it was linked to me.
I decided to perform the spell in another room, so I could have some quiet to concentrate and was told a training room was downstairs past the kitchen. As I started for the stairs, Hash stepped out of another room and handed me a bowl and athame.
At my questioning look, he shrugged. “I knew a Witch once.”
I nodded and continued on. I tried not to let it worry me that he had the Witch’s items. Most spell casters wouldn’t just leave their casting materials behind unless they were dead or forced to leave in a hurry. I didn’t think Hash would have been the one to harm her, though, unless she had begun using dark magic. I reached into the bowl and touched the blade of the dagger. No, this Witch hadn’t done dark magic, or at least the athame had never been used for a dark magic spell. I could feel the magic residue on the blade, and it was gray.
Gray Witches were the most common kind and were considered gray because they use their magic to benefit themselves and others and, if necessary, to defend themselves against others. White Witches never use their magic to benefit themselves or harm others, even indirectly. Dark Witches almost always cause harm to someone when casting a spell and are practically completely self-serving. There is always a price with magic, and with dark magic, that price is high. 
As I walked into what the Fallen called the training room, all thoughts of magic left my mind. The room was huge with different types of workout gear spread throughout the space. It was obvious that the room was well used, and I couldn’t help feeling a bit inferior seeing what they used regularly to train for battle. It’s not like I hadn’t trained too, but my training was more in defending myself against attack and protecting my magic from being taken. It was apparent the Fallen underwent an entirely different kind of training.
I was so lost in my own thoughts and observations that I didn’t even noticed that Logan had followed me from upstairs until he picked up a dumbbell that looked to weigh as much as I did and began doing arm curls. He saw me watching and set it down.
“’Tis no’ as big as our training facility, but I suppose it would dae for the four of them.”
“You don’t have to be in here with me. It shouldn’t take that long to place the spell, and I would prefer quiet while doing it.”
“I will no’ disturb ye, if ye’d be willing tae allow me tae stay.”
I took a deep breath before nodding. I really didn’t want him in here, though—not because I thought he would do anything to purposely distract me but because he was distracting in and of himself. It seemed as though I could pinpoint where he was in a room at any given time. Sure the guy is as big as a house, so I suppose it made sense, but it was more than that. I closed my eyes to test my theory. Of course, I already knew where he was, so it didn’t really prove anything.
“Hey, Logan. I wonder if you would help me with something. Would you open a portal to another part of the room and be as quiet as possible when you come back out?”
He didn’t even question my request. “Aye.”
I could feel his magic disappear from where he had been standing on the right side of the room, only to feel it reappear about ten feet in front of me. I smiled at how easy it was. All my life I’ve been attuned to magic. I can tell between dark and light, and because of my particular talent, I can tell someone’s inherent goodness by their magic. With Logan it was different. It was more than me feeling for magic. It was as if my magic sought his out wherever he was. Perhaps it was because he was Fey. Their magic is different from that of Witches and Wizards. Or maybe my magic just gravitates toward him. It could have something to do with him healing me earlier today. It would make sense that his magic inside me would pull toward the original entity it came from.
I opened my eyes and looked at Logan. He was watching me intently.
“Did ye find out what ye needed?”
I shrugged. “I can read your magic very easily.”
He nodded. “Ye wanted tae know how easy?”
“Yes. I was able to tell the moment you stepped through the portal and again exactly where you stepped out.”
His brows drew together. “And ye would no’ be able tae dae that with another.”
I shrugged again. “I never have before. My best guess is that it’s because of your magic being inside me. It will probably wear off after a time.”
He still looked as though he were thinking it over but nodded anyway. I decided to do my best to not think about him and his magic that seemed to be a constant echo of my own, and instead, concentrated on the task at hand. I pulled my gun from its sheath and removed the clip before taking out each of the bullets and placing them in the bowl. Then I read over the incantation Luke had written down, allowing my brain and my magic to commit it to memory. As I reached for my magic and pulled it out toward my hands, I noticed my power seemed to surge forward. It was as if it couldn’t wait to leave me, and I couldn’t understand why.
I reached into the pocket of my cargo pants and pulled out a dagger that was hidden there then sliced it across my palm allowing a couple drops of blood to fall. I could just make out Logan taking a step closer while placing his hand on his sword, but I again pushed him out of my mind. Instead, I concentrated on my magic falling with the blood and binding the contents of the bowl in my spell. When the bullets glowed a light blue color for a moment, I knew the spell had been completed.
My magic wasn’t finished, though. Still it pulled away from me, so I released my hold on it slightly. I could feel Logan’s magic as my own swelled toward it, but I stopped it before it could reach him. I wasn’t sure what would happen if I were to allow it to do as it wanted, and it sounded extremely silly to think that my own magic wanted something. Magic is an inert thing. It’s not sentient and isn’t supposed to want anything. Never before has my magic been out of my control, and it scared me to know that it could be. 
Once I reined it back in, I looked at Logan. He seemed just as surprised as I was. He still stood there with his hand on his sword as though he was ready for an attack. Then an idea struck, and I had no more had it than my magic surged forth again as though eager for the opportunity. I bit my lip as I thought about it.
“Would it be all right if I performed this spell on your blade? I just figure since you’re going to be fighting too, it might give us an advantage.” I shrugged. “I’m not certain if it will release as a net like the bullets will, but it should allow you to do damage while the Darkness is in the process of dematerializing.”
He nodded. “Aye. That would be very good.”
He pulled his sword and handed it to me hilt first, but I didn’t really want to touch it. I mean, I was fine with handling a blade, but a Fey’s sword was supposed to be special to them and it was massive. What if I dropped it?
“Um, you could just lay it on the table.”
He looked as though he was trying not to smile as he laid it in front of me. I lifted my dagger to reopen the cut on my hand, but he grabbed my wrist.
“I dinna want ye tae harm yerself. There must be another way tae place the spell.”
“I don’t know. This is how my aunt first placed the spell on the bullets. The blood binds the spell to me, so as long as I’m alive the spell will be active.”
“Perhaps if I lend ye some of my magic, it would still work without ye having tae cut yerself.”
I shrugged. “I guess having your magic too would work since the sword belongs to you.”
He nodded, and I could feel his magic where he touched my wrist. I allowed it to enter me and my own magic wrapped itself completely around it until it felt like one entity. To say it freaked me out would be an understatement. I have never had my magic try to bind itself to another before, and I couldn’t help thinking it was similar to the way the Darkness stole another’s magic and made it their own. I wanted to be disgusted but couldn’t quite force myself to be because even though there was a similarity, this was nothing like what the Darkness did. I wasn’t taking his magic. This was more like seeing your lover and giving him a hug. It felt familiar, right even. It still freaked me out, but because of the unusualness of it.
I tried to push away the odd feelings of our magic being bound together and concentrated on placing the spell on the sword. The problem was that once I pushed aside my own thoughts and feelings, I found I could feel Logan’s. For instance, I knew he was confused and felt something close to fear while at the same time a pit of euphoria was forming in his stomach that for whatever reason, he refused to allow to take hold. He was denying what he was feeling much like I was, and I found that comforting. At least I wasn’t the only one confused here.
I pushed aside his thoughts as well and intensely concentrated on the spell. Instead of allowing it to fall with my blood onto the sword I pushed my magic, or should I say our magic, out to my fingertips, then slowly brushed them across his sword. I heard his sharp intake of breath, and I looked up at him. He was still watching me, but his eyes alternated between my hand touching his sword and my face. My breathing started to pick up with the intensity of his stare, so I closed my eyes to better feel what was happening with him.
Arousal instantly overtook my senses to such a degree I knew I was faced with the choice of breaking contact or taking this situation into a whole new direction, which wasn’t the best option since I barely knew this man and we were in a house with several other people, any of whom could walk in on us. I chose option A and quickly pulled my hand back. It was odd that I felt both disappointed and relieved when the connection broke.


Chapter Ten


There was no more reason to deny it. As confused as Logan was, he couldn’t refuse that some bond had formed between him and this woman he barely knew. He couldn’t explain how it happened, why it happened, or what would happen next, but he knew wherever his life took him from here he would be damn sure she came too.
He studied her for a moment once he managed to get his own emotions under control. His battle with the intense desire he’d felt while their magic was joined for the spell was almost more that he could stand, and it was clear she was just as shaken. He watched her take a deep breath to steady herself and prided himself on not watching her chest as it rose and fell.
Finally, she reached forward slowly, lifted the sword, and held it out for him. He smiled at her before taking the blade and replacing it in its sheath. Then she gathered the bullets and refilled the cartridge before reinserting it into her gun. She had obviously practiced the motion many times, and it was then that Logan realized he knew she had, not because it was apparent but because he could almost see the memories she had of doing it. Her aunt had taught her everything regarding fighting, including how to handle and maintain her gun. He wasn’t sure how he could know so much without having been told but assumed it had something to do with the merging of their magic.
He reached for his own well of magic and tried to see it in his mind’s eye. Once he could see it, he also found the tiniest thread led away from him in the direction of Riya. He opened his eyes and found she was watching him. He smiled in spite of himself. It was the first tendril of the bond forming, and he knew with certainty it would only grow from there. He had read many books on the mating process when he was just a young Fey who was certain the day would come when he would meet his mate and live happily ever after. That was a long time ago, though, and he had since given up on the idea that he would ever know the touch of a woman he even remotely cared for, let alone meet his other half. The cynical part of himself wanted to deny the possibility, but Logan knew better. Like it or not, it was happening.
“I’m going to, uh, go tell the others that we’re leaving, then we can be on our way,” Riya said. 
“Aye. I’ll accompany ye.”
She opened her mouth as though she were going to say something else, but then closed it and turned toward the door. Upstairs the Fallen were having a heated discussion, but they quickly quieted when Logan and Riya entered the room.
Riya put her hands on her hips. “It’s not nice to keep secrets, you know.”
The others rolled their eyes. Luke was the only one to look contrite, so she honed in on him. “Spill.”
She took a step closer and he matched it while stepping backward. 
“What is your problem, Luke?”
She took a step closer to him and he backed up to the wall. He held up his hands as though surrendering to her onslaught. 
“Please, don’t come any closer.”
She took a couple steps back and looked confused. “I wasn’t going to hurt you. I just wanted to know what you were talking about.”
He kept one hand up as though warding her off. “I’m cursed. I can’t be around women or bad things happen.”
She looked skeptical. “Bad things?”
He nodded. “Yes, bad things. I don’t want to go into it. Just keep your distance. Please.” He seemed to get a grip and cleared his throat before continuing. “As for what we were discussing, we received word back from the First Lord. He will not join in this fight. Neither can our friend and his Caryad.”
Riya looked confused at Luke’s statement. Logan assumed he was referring to the fifth member of the band from the poster Riya had pointed out earlier. An Angel’s Caryad was the closest any other species had to a Fey’s mate. Much like the Fey, once an Angel bonded with his Caryad they were inseparable.
“I thought the First Lord was all for protecting the Humans,” Logan said.
Although Witches and Wizards were considered Others they were technically just magic-wielding Humans. Logan didn’t see why the First Lord wouldn’t at least offer to assist them in illuminating a threat that killed these Humans as well as anyone else with magic.
“He is. I suppose he doesn’t consider Others as part of that group. His exact word were ‘To aid us would be doing us a disservice. We have all we need to defeat this enemy on our own, especially with the Fey’s assistance.’”
“And how would he know the Fey are helping ye?” Logan asked.
Luke just looked at him deadpanned. “He’s a God. How do you think he knows?”
“Aye. ’Tis a good point. What does he mean about doing a disservice?”
All four of them shrugging in unison was almost comical, and Logan rolled his eyes. That sounded exactly like what he had heard of the God who ruled the Kingdom. The First Lord almost never explained his reasoning yet expected everyone to do as he wished simply because he commanded it. Logan, however, only followed the commands of his king and queen. The Fey lived too long to harp on the afterlife.
“Will the Fey join us?” Hash asked.
“Aye. My brothers will be arriving soon, and my king will assist us as we need it.”
“What do you mean as we need it?”
“’Tis only one foe. How many Fey dae ye think we need?”
“One foe that can teleport, is immune to magic, and is infinitely powerful,” Hash added.
“Dinna worry, Fallen, I will protect ye.”
Hash’s eyes narrowed. “From what I hear, your protection ends with a sword through the stomach.” He nodded toward Riya as he spoke.
It was Logan’s turn to narrow his eyes. “Careful where ye tread, Fallen. I will be sleeping on Angel feathers tonight.”
“Perhaps we should practice some before going to battle. I’m suddenly feeling the urge to fight someone.”
Logan laughed. “As appealing as that is, I would no’ want tae injure ye before we have a chance tae fight this creature.”
Hash looked at his brother. “That sounds like fear to me. Wouldn’t you agree?”
Sam smiled while nodding.
“I fear nothing the Kingdom offers, especially not its rejects.”
Hash took a step forward, but his brother put his hand to his chest stopping him. Hash looked at Logan with his eyes narrowed but quickly rolled them as he saw the smirk on Logan’s face and the glimmer in his eyes.
“You should feel lucky, Fey. I don’t take ragging off just anyone.”
Logan bowed low. “Then I feel blessed indeed.”
“All right. That’s enough messing around. We need to get this show on the road before anyone else dies,” Luke said.
“Very well. I will be taking the lass tae her home now.”
Riya looked at Logan and raised a brow, and his drew together in question.
“The lass has a name you know.”
“Aye, that ye dae.”
Her eyes narrowed, and he couldn’t contain his smile. It was just too much fun messing with her and the others, and Logan hadn’t felt this jovial in too long. Instead of continuing, though, he took her hand, opened a portal, and stepped out in front of a cabin he’d never laid eyes on before.
Riya looked around with a shocked expression. “How did you know how to get here?”
Logan shrugged. “I saw it.”
“When?”
Logan closed his eyes briefly, and the image he was searching for came to mind. “Ye were young when yer aunt brought ye here and told ye it would be yer new home. Ye were crying because ye did no’ want tae live here. It smelled and there were creatures everywhere—”
“Stop. How do you have a memory of the first time I saw this cabin?”
“’Tis because we have shared our magic.”
“Do I have your memories?”
He shrugged. “Only ye would know that.”
She closed her eyes briefly before opening them wide, but she didn’t say anything. Instead, she turned and walked toward the cabin.


Chapter Eleven


I was shocked by the image that came to mind when I tried to see a memory from Logan’s childhood. Mostly it was the feeling that came with it—sadness. I didn’t get the whole story, but it was apparent he didn’t have a happy one, and I got the impression it was mostly because of his father. What images I saw of the man depicted him as a drunk who didn’t care about Logan or his mother.
She was a different story, though. She was a light in the darkness he considered his adolescent years. I could see her as clear as if she were standing in front of me. Her smile made her entire face light up and she always managed to find it when she looked at Logan. It was obvious she loved him very much.
Then she was gone, and his father was responsible. I didn’t want to see the details. It was just too much. What I knew with certainty, though, was that Logan had killed his father for what he had done to his mother.
I looked at the door to my cabin. I couldn’t allow myself to see Logan’s memories anymore. I knew I could get lost in them, and I had too much tragedy in my own past to dwell on his. I unwove the ward on the door and let myself into my home. Suddenly a chuckle rose in my throat.
“Something funny?” Logan asked.
I turned back to look at him. “When I left this house I was so worried I would never return. That was only this morning. I just find it funny how life changes one’s expectations.”
I turned on a lamp nearby to light our way. “Would you like something to drink?”
“I am fine. If ye would rather gather what ye need, we can be on our way.”
I took a seat in my favorite chair and propped my feet on the coffee table before it. The table was a massive piece of tree trunk. I remember as a child running my fingers over the various rings that ran through it. Logan cleared his throat, and I looked up to see him standing there with his arms crossed. I just smiled at him as I relaxed back into my chair.
“See, if you would have bothered to consult me before dragging me through a portal, I would have explained that I would rather drive home. That way I wasn’t leaving my car parked on the side of the road overnight because I can’t access the cage until first light anyway.”
His eyes narrowed. “Ye can no’ get what ye need until dawn?”
I nodded.
“Why would ye set up a spell that only works once a day?”
“A, I didn’t, and B, I never even thought I would need it, let alone need it quickly.”
He sighed before walking over and taking a seat on my couch. I did my best not to snicker at the effect his large frame had on my small sofa. I could just picture it falling to the floor at any moment.
“Are ye getting yer kicks?”
That was all it took, and I was full-out laughing. It must have been infectious because soon he had joined me. It was nice to laugh after the day we had. It was hard to believe so much had happened in such a short amount of time. The image of killing Caleb popped in my head, and I instantly sobered. I had killed my brother and would soon be forced to kill my father. It’s not that they didn’t deserve it, but that didn’t really make it easier.
I looked at Logan and saw he had stopped laughing too. He looked out at my small cabin. “What did ye see?”
I knew what he was talking about but pretended not to. “When?”
He looked at me. “When ye tried tae see my memories.”
I took a deep breath but maintained eye contact. “She was beautiful, your mother. I could tell she cared for you deeply.”
His eyes closed briefly, and I knew he had hoped I hadn’t seen his childhood. “Aye. That she did. She taught me much, the least of which was tae be a better man than my father.”
“I’m sorry. No child should have to go through that.”
He nodded. “We all have our cross tae bear.”
I really didn’t want to continue this conversation, but one thing confused me, so I just went with it. “How could he do that to her? I mean, clearly the mistreatment of spouses isn’t anything new, but I thought the Fey were different. I’m not going to try to pretend to be an expert on Fey relationships, but I remember my aunt reading to me about them when I was a child. It was always my favorite story to hear. Of course, she had told me the story to teach me about the crisis your people went through after the Fey–Elven wars, but it was through explaining about your women dying that I was taught how important each woman is to each man. That’s sounds kind of corny, doesn’t it?”
He shook his head. “Nay. Ye are right. There is only one. I remember being taught that as a child, and I remember thinking the same thing. I could no’ ken how my father could treat my mother so horribly when she was his other half, the one person in the whole world who knew and loved him irrevocably. I asked my mother, and she explained he was no’ always like that. She said war had changed him, and he had allowed himself tae become someone he did no’ even recognize anymore. He admitted as much when I came for him.
“I was barely in my twentieth year when he killed my mother during one of his drunken rages. When I found him, he was ready tae go. He told me he had wanted tae die long ago and that my mother had kept him on this earth. Now that she was gone he wanted tae be gone tae, so I granted his wish. There has no’ been a day pass since that I have no’ questioned my own choices and made sure they would not lead me tae the path my father chose.”
“Be a better man than your father.” I nodded. I could tell he really didn’t want to talk about this any longer, so I shrugged. “Don’t worry, my father’s a real bastard too.”
He barked out a laugh. “Aye, I suppose ye are right. I will be sure tae let ye kill him.”
“You better. This has been a long time coming.”
“Dae ye plan tae tell me what is in this cage ye plan tae use?”
I took a deep breath. “The first Wizard to begin stealing magic was a friend of my mother’s. He had harbored feelings for her for years, but she had met my father and married him instead. I don’t know if it was because of this that he became the way he did, but after becoming an abomination he came back to my mother and tried to get her to leave my father. When she refused, he began feeding my father dark magic, which he later became addicted to. Then he came back to steal my mother.
“I remember I was practicing placing blocks on top of each other with my magic when he came for her. He was frightening to say the least. But my mother already knew he wouldn’t stop until he took her, so she had prepared for his return. I didn’t know what exactly happened at the time, but my aunt later told me that my mother had placed a spell on her dagger that was similar to the one on my bullets, only hers didn’t negate the magic; it collected it and stored it within the dagger. The one thing my mother didn’t realize was how powerful he really was. The dark magic was too much for the dagger to hold, so she and my aunt created a cage to hold the magic. After that, they used the dagger many times to kill other Wizards who had become the Darkness. 
“It was that same dagger my mother used on my father before her death. Unfortunately, my father had managed to escape with the dagger still in him. He must have been able to reverse the spell though. Otherwise, it would have killed him. All the dark magic my mother and aunt collected from the other Wizards is stored in the cage, and that is what I intend to use to draw out Gray.”
“Will ye be releasing the magic?”
I nodded.
“How will ye return it once it has been released?”
“With the same spell they used to place it there.”
“Are ye strong enough tae dae that?”
I smiled. “Probably not, but I suppose it’s a good thing I have this Fey that likes lending me his magic.”
He laughed. “Aye, we will dae it together.”
I wasn’t sure I liked the idea of merging my magic with his again, but I would take all the help I could get. Besides, it wasn’t the fact that I didn’t like merging my magic with his, it was that I liked it a little too much and that worried me. 
“That sounds like a plan. Let’s say we eat something; then we can get some sleep before dawn.”
I wasn’t really tired, but since we had to wait anyway, we may as well get some shut-eye in the process, unless he had something else in mind. No, I wouldn’t let my mind drift into that zone. We had work to do. There would be plenty of time for play afterward. I would just have to make sure Logan was up for it once we finished the Darkness.


Chapter Twelve


Logan was amazed at the level of familiarity with which he moved through her little cabin. For example, he knew a plastic container holding coffee was in the top cabinet in the corner, and if he were to dig inside, he knew he would find a roll of cash wrapped in plastic. He also knew a gun was hidden in the back of the silverware draw, just as he knew these preparations had been instilled in Riya by her aunt since first coming to this world. He understood her aunt knew it was only a matter of time before the Darkness came here, and she had done all she could to make sure her niece was ready for the day it happened.
Logan leaned back against the countertop and watched Riya as she chopped vegetables. She was lean, but he could see her arm muscles as she ran the knife quickly along the cutting board. She had quick reflexes too. He had seen that during their battle earlier that day. It was also obvious that she wasn’t a warrior. Though she had been trained to fight, he didn’t feel it was really in her nature to kill.
Why would her aunt expect her to fight this fight? Surely she knew there were others more capable. Logan suddenly knew the answer. They had come from a world where everyone had turned on one another, and Riya was the only one she trusted. Logan couldn’t really blame her. He had his own trust issues. He couldn’t imagine what he would be like if his own people turned on each other.
He tried to compare her to the Fey women he knew and could definitely see the resemblance. Excluding their queen, most Fey women were timid, loving creatures with backbones of steel. They would always love before fight but would stand their ground if needed. His mother was like that, except when it came to his father. Logan hated that Riya had seen the tragedy that was his childhood, but it did comfort him knowing she understood. He would never wish an ill childhood on anyone but he once heard misery makes good bedfellows. That thought had him smiling as he continued to watch Riya.
“Would you stop staring at me? You’re starting to freak me out.”
Logan laughed. “I am sorry, but ye are quite the sight tae see.”
She looked at him skeptically until she grasped that he was being truthful and quickly returned to cutting vegetables. 
“I wasn’t really expecting a Fey warrior to drop by, so there are some dried meats in the pantry if you’d like. Otherwise, you’re stuck with salad.”
He smiled at her change of subject. “Ye dinna take compliments well, dae ye?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m just trying to be hospitable.”
Logan moved closer until he was just behind her, then picked up a slice of carrot from in front of her. It didn’t sound as though she breathed at all as he brought it to his mouth and bit into it. 
“I dinna mind vegetables, Riya,” he said in her ear.
He heard her sigh, and he smiled. Her neck was so close, and the urge to kiss it was almost more than Logan could stand. He breathed in her scent. It was unlike anything else. Even the sweetest flower had no comparison.
She tried to step to the side, but he placed his hand on her waist holding her there. He could feel her magic reach for his and heard her sigh again when they merged. He closed his eyes and allowed himself to feel everything. This was what he had seen in the other mated couples. Something was just right in touching her. He couldn’t explain it. Perhaps it was simply unexplainable, but it was there; that was fact. He just stood there relishing it.
Slowly, he moved the material of her shirt up just enough so he could touch her bare flesh. Never had he felt something so soft. He couldn’t have stopped himself from rubbing his hand across her stomach if he had wanted to. Of course, he did want to. He wanted to touch her everywhere. He wanted to know every inch of her and have it committed to memory so he could bring up the memory whenever he chose.
He leaned farther into her and looked at her face. She had her eyes closed, but her breathing had begun to speed up. As he watched her, her lips parted on a sigh, and Logan couldn’t remember ever seeing anything more arousing. 
That was when she turned, reached up, and pulled his lips down to hers. He was momentarily stunned by the barrage of feelings that came when their mouths met. A flame had ignited within him, and he didn’t think it was possible for it to be drenched until it had been sated.
Within moments, his urges had overtaken his senses, and he soon found himself pulling her closer though she was already fully pressed against him. He delved his tongue deep inside her mouth while fisting his hand in her hair in an attempt to hold her there, but it was apparent she was not going to allow him to control the situation.
She soon had him back against the counter, and as he pulled at her she pushed him while rubbing herself against him, causing a friction that bordered between ultimate pleasure and torture.


Chapter Thirteen


I didn’t know what had come over me. I have never been an aggressive anything, let alone lover, but the intensity of the desire I felt for Logan had me wanting to rip his clothes to shreds, so I could be closer to him. It was more powerful than anything I’ve felt before. A real and tangible feeling overwhelmed me, taking over me, and I knew I had to have him now. It went beyond want and yearning to need and requirement. It felt like I had to have him, or it was quite possible that I might spontaneously combust.
Gathering my strength, I pushed away from him. Before he could pull me back to him, I began haphazardly unbuttoning his shirt. My hands were actually shaking from the need to rush. Finally, he lifted the shirt over his head, and I was left with his unblemished chest before me. What a spectacular specimen it was too. Glory be the Scotsman.
Unfortunately, I only had a moment’s glimpse of his chest before he had it pressed against me again and had his lips on my neck. Oh dear gods. He was so rough I actually thought he might eat me alive, and I was totally good with that. As his lips moved down my neck and met the collar of my shirt, he actually growled with frustration. 
He wasn’t nearly as nice with my shirt as I had been to his. Instead, I would never be able to wear that shirt again, but it got the job done, and I was soon topless, sans bra too. I didn’t wait for him to destroy my pants as well, so I instead opted to remove them myself. He moved back just far enough to watch as I slid them down then stepped out of them. I raised a brow as I looked at his jeans, and he smiled as he slowly unbuttoned them. I bit my lip in anticipation and silently wished he had worn a kilt. He was very good at teasing as he slid them down first one hip then the other. I forced myself to stand there and be patient, even if it killed me.
When he had finally stepped out of his pants, I took a single moment to take in every glorious inch of him. There wasn’t an ounce of fat on him that wasn’t covered by muscle. He even had those lines that formed a V along his hips as though guiding the way to his full package. A smile formed on my lips as I stared at him.
“I am glad ye like what ye see, Riya. I’ll admit I’m enjoying the view myself.”
I would have thought having him looking at my naked body so intently would make me feel self-conscious, but at that moment, I don’t think it was capable for me to feel anything but arousal. “Do you now. Perhaps you would like it better over here.”
I crooked my finger. That was all the incentive he needed, and he was practically pouncing on me, and I’m not proud of the fact that I giggled like a schoolgirl. It was just too much fun to be with a playful Logan, but once our magic touched again, the surge of passion had my giggle turning into a moan. His touch elicited so much sensation it almost felt as though it burned, but it was more like he was stoking a flame that was burning like a wildfire inside me.
At once he lifted me, carried me to the couch, and haphazardly tossed me on it. I tried to feign intolerance but the smile refused to leave my lips, that is, until he joined me and my lips became otherwise preoccupied. I wanted so many things at once. For instance, I wanted very much to take the time to taste every inch of him but also felt the need to have him inside me with such intensity I again thought about exploding. He took the decision-making away from me when he lifted his chest suddenly and looked at me. 
“I can no’ wait, love. I want very much tae take my time, but I can no’.”
He sounded as though he were asking for my approval, and I noticed his brogue was thicker than usual. Had I not already known what he was saying, I might not have even understood him. Since he was waiting for my response, I nodded my head adamantly. “Yes, please.”
He smiled for just a fraction before concern took its place. I knew he was worried about hurting me, but to tell the truth the waiting was what was really killing me, so I put my hands on his glorious chest and pushed him as hard as I could, which wasn’t nearly hard enough to get the job done, but he moved back enough to allow me to sit up. I continued shoving him until we were both standing again, and I kissed him with fervor while taking a few steps forward, forcing him to take a couple of steps back. 
Abruptly I broke the kiss and pushed on his chest again none too gently. The quickness of it caught him off guard, and he fell into the chair behind him. I quickly straddled him before returning my lips to his. In this position he would know he wasn’t hurting me, and I could take what I wanted. And oh did I want.
I began slow, taking him into me one inch at a time but that proved to be far too slow for both of us, so I just let my passion take over and soon I feared my favorite chair wouldn’t be able to withstand the ride. There was nothing to worry about though because Logan grew tired of me having all the control and stood with me still on his lap, took us back to the couch, and continued a rhythm even more intense than my own. 
I was really glad I lived so far out into the woods because I’m sure if I had neighbors, they would have thought I was being murdered from all the noise we were making. I couldn’t really tell if an orgasm had taken me or if I was just wrapped up in one long bout of ecstasy. Each time I thought I couldn’t take any more, the feelings only intensified until all I knew was sensation after sensation of pure bliss. Finally, I could feel it come to a collective and thought I might be hoarse from screaming Logan’s name as I orgasmed stronger than I would have thought humanly possible.
“Logan!”
I used that one single word as an explicative, an exclamation, a curse, and a chant. It was the one thing keeping me grounded when I thought I might float away. 
I may have passed out for a short time or perhaps it was that my mind was so short-circuited that I couldn’t comprehend anything, but I finally came back to reality when Logan lifted me from the couch and carried me to my bed before crawling in next to me and holding me close.
I woke feeling like I should just lay where I was for the rest of my life. I was cocooned in Logan’s arms, and it felt like nothing I’ve experienced before. I could feel him next to me, but I could also feel him inside me. His magic was still there, and I was beginning to wonder if it would ever leave. I couldn’t say I really wanted to it to. I had always enjoyed my solitude, but with him, I didn’t really mind not being alone. I wonder if he would like to continue a relationship once the Darkness had been purged from this world. I sighed. There was only one way to find out.
Slowly I slid out of his grasp and then out of the bed. I threw on my robe before walking into the living room, and peeked out the window, though I knew it wasn’t quite time yet. The sky outside was just beginning to turn shades of purple, so I went about making some coffee. 
Just as it finished brewing Logan came into the room in all his naked glory. My arousal was instantaneous again, and I couldn’t believe how quickly I could go from thinking about what was going to have to happen today to thinking about sex with him. He smiled at me, and I knew he knew where my thoughts had taken me. He also knew we didn’t have time for that, so he took the time to put his pants on before coming over, giving me a soft kiss, and then pouring himself a cup of coffee.
“How long dae we have?”
I shrugged. “Not long enough. Maybe five minutes or so.”
“Ye underestimate my abilities, love.”
“Or overestimate might be more the case.”
He kissed my forehead. “Nay. Ye would no’ be overestimating.”
I laughed then took my coffee and sat in my favorite chair. I couldn’t stop the smile that formed as I felt a spring stick me in the side that hadn’t been out of place yesterday. I would never again be able to sit in this seat without thinking of Logan and our time together here.
Logan sat on the couch and looked around as though checking to make sure we hadn’t broken anything. Apparently finding everything mostly in order he sat back and sipped his coffee. After several minutes of silence, he sat forward and placed his cup on the coffee table.
“I wouldn’t do that,” I said.
He raised his brows in question, but I just pointed toward the window. The first light of the day shown through the east-facing picture window, and as the ray moved its way across the living room to the tree trunk I use as a coffee table, a pentagram formed on its face. I waved my hand over the pentagram and through the sunbeam, making sure my intentions were known. Slowly a crack formed in the trunk until it was wide enough for my hand to fit into. I reached inside and pulled out what looked like a tiny birdcage that was about the size of my palm. I waved my other hand over the pentagram and the crack resealed leaving unblemished wood behind. I held up the cage for Logan to see.
“That contains all the dark magic of several powerful Wizards?”
I nodded. “You know what they say: big things come in small packages.” I lifted a small satchel off the end table next to my chair and placed the cage inside.
Logan nodded. “I suppose we should return then.”
I just looked at him. “I suppose we should.”


Chapter Fourteen


Logan really didn’t want to leave Riya’s cabin but knew they were needed back in Georgia. His brothers had likely already arrived, and they needed to end this creature so he could spend more time with his new mate. Just thinking about being mated made him as giddy as a schoolgirl. It was something he truly had never believed would happen to him and he had come to terms with his lot a long time ago. Now, he was bonded.
He closed his eyes briefly and could immediately see Riya’s magic. The initial tendril of magic had turned into a thick rope connecting her to him. Logan knew that now, the only way the connection could be severed would be through death. 
He would have liked nothing more than to just stay and say the hell with everything else and spend the next several days, months, years in bed with his mate, but he assured himself there would be time. Duty must come first, no matter how painful it was to watch his mate dress and not know when he would see her naked again.
“I’m ready when you are.”
Her urging drew him out of his thoughts, and he took one more moment to look at her before opening a portal and motioning for her to step through. When he stepped out onto the Fallen’s lawn, he could hear Riya being berated by Hash.
“How long does it take to get one thing from your house? Hell, you had a freaking Fey to open portals for you.”
Riya’s mouth opened to speak, and Logan knew she was about to tear into the Fallen, but she didn’t get the opportunity because his brothers chose that moment to look out and see what the commotion was about. They took one look at Riya and the looks of awe on their faces had Logan taking a step closer to her.
“’Tis true. Ye have found another. I did no’ dare believe it, but ’tis true,” Adair said to Logan as he moved closer to Riya. 
“Aye, she is a beauty,” Jock added.
Logan couldn’t stand the way they were looking at her any longer. As Jock held out his hand to her, Logan stepped in between them. “Ye’ll no’ be touching my mate.”
Both men took a step back and wore practically identical expressions of shock, which were quickly replaced with smiles that turned into exclamations of congratulations.
“I did no’ mean tae touch what is yers. I am most happy for ye, old friend,” Jock said.
“Aye, as am I. We never thought the day would come, but are most happy it has.” Adair reached forward with one arm and gave Logan a hug with a hearty slap on his back. “Mated. I can no’ believe it. This will call for celebration.”
“That’s why you took so long? You were getting it on while people are being killed,” Hash said incredulously.
“Nice. For once I wasn’t the shirking my duties to get laid.” Zach said. “Although if you’d”—he glanced at Logan before turning back to Riya—“never mind.”
Riya placed her hands on her hips. “For your information, I had to wait until dawn to access the cage, so I couldn’t have been quicker had I wanted to.”
“Sure. And I’m sure getting some Fey booty wasn’t at all part of the plan,” Hash said.
“It wasn’t. Do you think I want to be mated to a Fey?”
Logan could tell she regretted the words as soon as they left her mouth, but some things couldn’t be taken back once spoken. Both Adair and Jock, not wanted to be in the middle of it, attempted to look anywhere but at Logan or Riya.
“I didn’t really mean it that way. I just didn’t realize having sex one time would saddle me to you for the rest of forever.” 
He just raised a brow, and she again tried to backtrack.
“Not that that’s necessarily a bad thing. It’s just new, and there’s so much unknown. Yesterday my plan was to kill this threat and get back to my solitude in the swamps. I don’t think my cabin is big enough for you.”
Zach was the first to burst out in laughter, and the others were helpless to follow—all except Logan and Riya. Logan just continued looking at her. He knew she would accept the bond, and he wasn’t shocked to find she hadn’t been expecting the bond to form after their night spent together. He was surprised that she didn’t already know they were mated, though. From her reaction, he knew that his brothers had had to tell her she was mated while Logan knew from the moment the bond formed. He could practically read her thoughts through their magical link if he wanted to. How could she not have known it happened? 
Logan knew the answer as soon as the question formed in his thoughts. She wasn’t Fey, or should he say she wasn’t born Fey. If she had had more time to adjust to becoming Fey before they bonded, perhaps she would have been more used to her magic and would have known as soon as it became their magic. 
He would give her the time she needed to adjust to becoming a mated Fey. They didn’t have to perform the mating ritual right now. Instead, they would wait until she was sure of the bond. The ritual was more for the friends and family of the mated than it was for the couple anyway. The one thing that helped Logan with patience was the knowledge that she wouldn’t deny the bond. He could feel her through their connection and knew how she felt toward him.
Luke came out the door and looked at the others laughing. His words had them stop though. “Another murder has taken place.” He looked at Riya. “That makes forty-two since last night.”


Chapter Fifteen


There were too many. I just couldn’t believe that many people had been killed in such a short amount of time. Perhaps he was trying to build up his magic after being injured, but I just didn’t see how he could track down and kill so many. It is possible he has another accomplice other than just Caleb.
“Are you sure he’s the one doing the killings?”
Luke shrugged. “The eyewitnesses all report a man with glowing eyes pulling a glowing ball out of his victim and them falling to the ground dead. That seems to be all anyone stuck around for.”
“It is probable he’s trying to replenish his magic after Logan injured him or he could have another with him.”
“We will assume there are more than one,” Logan said.
“We need to do this now,” I said.
“Where do you suggest we do it?” Luke asked.
I tried to think of somewhere that would be best but in the end I just shrugged. “Here will be as good as anywhere. You have a large estate. We can do it in the backyard.”
Luke nodded. “Then we better get into position.”
I tried to shake off any trepidation. I would do this. It would work this time, and we wouldn’t lose anyone else. I felt Logan’s hand on my shoulder and managed a small smile for him. I would have to work on correcting the horrible disaster I had made out our relationship after this is over. I felt pretty confident that some of the trepidation I was feeling was because of things being off with the two of us. It amazed me how important he had become in such a short time. I would go as far as to say I rely on him, and not knowing where we stood was as scary as fighting the Darkness. Hell, give me a Darkness any day as long as Logan is at my side. As soon as this was over, we’d work it out. That would require me telling him how I feel. The only problem with that is I seemed split between what my mind thought and my heart felt. How can I explain things when I feel lost in my own emotions?
“Ye dinna have tae say anything, lass. I know how ye feel.”
He pointed toward my chest, and I raised a brow. Well, that made one of us. Because I certainly didn’t know how I felt, not for certain. Sure my heart seemed to be wrapped up in the fairytale romance, but the logical part of me just wanted to date the guy. I would have loved to continue a relationship after all this was over, but I didn’t realize sleeping with him one time bound me to him for eternity. Talk about making a commitment. It was worse than getting pregnant from a one-night stand. Oh gods. I needed to stop these kinds of thoughts before I was so freaked out that I locked myself in the bathroom and refused to come out. I have a job to do, damn it. I would do it, and I could freak out later. 
We set up in the backyard, which basically meant we spread out throughout the space and prepped for a fight. Logan didn’t go far from me, and I was relieved to know he would be close by. I would most likely need his magic with my own in order to replace the magic once it was released. That is, if we could replace it. We would cross that bridge as we come to it. As of now, releasing dark magic was the lesser of the evils we were faced with.
I looked out at the lawn and took a moment to examine the two newcomers to the group. Other than their size, neither of them looked much like Logan. Adair was similar in size to Logan but had black hair and dark brown eyes whereas Jock was quite a bit broader in the chest than the other two, which I didn’t think was physically possible until I saw it. He also was a true ginger, or I assumed he was. He certainly looked like one, all the way down to the freckles, which looked too cute to be on such a manly face. He seemed like he would be fun to be around when he wasn’t in the process of trying to kill something. It was obvious they were all hardened warriors and I was extremely glad to have them fighting on my side.
I turned and looked at the four Fallen, my new allies. They were all watching me expectantly, and as I made eye contact with each of them, he nodded. Luke was the only one that offered a friendly smile as well. I would very much like to learn what this curse of his was because I think we could one day become friends—that is if we managed to take care of this threat without dying. 
I don’t know what I had expected to find in my inspection of them. Perhaps I thought one of them would give the order to go, but it was obvious I was running this show, and I tried not to let that intimidate me. Again, I felt Logan reach for me, but this time he did it through this connection we shared, and it was exactly what I needed. I wasn’t alone and wouldn’t be alone in this fight.
I slowly lifted the cage from the satchel I had placed it in and held it in the palm of my hand. With a deep breath I unwove the spell placed on it and allowed the magic within do the rest. It was all too eager to leave the prison it had been trapped in for close to a quarter of a century. I immediately worked to contain it, throwing out a net of magic that wouldn’t shield its presence but would prevent it from escaping. It fought its bounds, and I could feel Logan’s magic working with mine to keep it contained. I wasn’t sure how long the net would though. It would be best if we fought our enemy and got the magic returned as quickly as possible.
It happened instantly. As he appeared in front of me, the spell flew from his fingers, striking me directly in the chest, and I was thrown backward.


Chapter Sixteen


Logan watched the scene before him as though it were playing in slow motion, and he felt like he was stuck in quicksand. He reached forward to push Riya out of the way of the spell, but his hands just passed through air because she had already been thrown backward. His movement put him directly in front of the creature, and his sword was quick in his hand as he aimed it at the being, but the Darkness had already begun to dematerialize.
Logan swung his blade as swiftly as he could but was only able to catch him on the shoulder. It was enough to cause the being to rematerialize. Logan smiled when he saw the blood trickling down the Darkness’s arm, which was hanging useless at the being’s side.
Around him, Logan heard the clamor of battle—swords slicing through flesh and bone as the others tried to take out the dozens of Darkness that had appeared around the magic Riya had released, the Fallen and his brothers shouting to one another, the thunderous footfalls of a Giant, a wolf snarling. It appeared that some of the Darkness preferred to take the shape of other species for a fighting advantage. 
Despite the chaos and everything in him screaming for him to check his mate, he knew he couldn’t until he ended this threat. He remained focused on the Darkness standing before him. 
The Darkness made no move to attack Logan. Instead, he cocked is head to the side and studied Logan for a moment. “You are in love with her, and you think she will return your affection. She will not. Her kind is incapable of love and devotion. Why is it, do you think, we chose the Darkness over them?” His voice sounded as though multiple people were speaking at once.
“’Tis just like someone evil tae blame another for their choices. Dinna pretend tae know her. Ye gave up that privilege a long time ago.”
Logan was finished talking. His mate could be dying or already dead, and he would be damned if he would waste any more time away from her. As Logan had that thought a comforting knowledge came through their bond that reassured him she had not passed from this plane. With that fresh in his mind, he went on the offensive, but the Darkness was ready for the attack. 
As Logan aimed a blow that would have decapitated his opponent, the creature produced a sword that looked to be made completely of magic. Sparks flew from the blade as Logan’s clashed against it. Logan slid his blade across it and continued on the same trajectory, beheading another creature who had come to aid the Darkness that was once Riya’s father. 
Logan’s blade never slowed. After killing the first Darkness, he turned his sword into a bilateral arc, coming straight down on the Darkness’s head. The being lifted his sword overhead and again blocked Logan’s strike. Logan used the distraction to head-butt the creature. The blow was fast and hard, but the moment their skin touched, Logan could feel the Darkness’s magic latch onto his and begin syphoning it.
Logan tried to pull back to break the connection, but it was no use. He swung his blade at the creature, but the Darkness dodged his swing without releasing his hold on Logan’s magic. It was the Darkness’s turn to smile because he knew he had Logan now. It wouldn’t take long before the creature had drained him of all his energy. Logan took a step back and readied his blade to stab the Darkness through the heart.
That was when he heard the gunshot and a small trickle of blood formed on the Darkness’s forehead as he turned black and then burst into nothing. Logan was both relieved and perplexed that he wasn’t able to kill his foe.


Chapter Seventeen


I could feel my body flying through the air, and I felt the impact as it hit the ground several feet away. I knew the curse was strong enough to kill me and was forced to do the one thing I said I never would do. I took the magic from the spell inside myself and allowed it to absorb and merge with my own. I could feel the blackness of it, and it burned as it spread throughout me.
I could feel a tear fall from my eye as I knew I would be lost just like the others. I was a fool to think I could possibly overcome the allure of dark magic. I’m sure everyone else who had been lost to it had thought the same thing. Slowly it consumed me. I could feel it like a virus running through my system until there was nothing left untouched by it.
My aunt’s words passed through my brain, and I was momentarily confused. “Never take what isn’t given, Riya. Magic is inherently neither white nor dark. It is how it is used that changes it. Nothing is darker than stealing what isn’t yours.”
I hadn’t stolen this, though. It was forced on me. I could have just allowed the spell to kill me, but in absorbing the spell, I didn’t actually take it. I only used what was given to me. It was that thought, that change of mind that caused the process to reverse. I could feel the magic within me gradually revert to a neutral state. It was neither dark nor white. It was just magic, and it was mine to use how I wished.
I opened my eyes and just listened for a moment. There was fighting all around me, but it was a cacophony of voices speaking as one that caught my attention. He was the one that started this for me, and it wouldn’t end until he was. I heard the clash of swords and instinctively knew it was Logan. Enough lying around.
I merely had the thought of standing, and I was vertical. My gun was in my hand, and I aimed it at the Darkness. It was then that Logan head-butted the being, and it began using the connection to syphon his magic. I could see Logan trying to attack the Darkness, but the being managed to evade Logan’s sword. As Logan pulled away from the creature, a shot opened for me, and I took it. The bullet flew from my gun and hit the Darkness in the middle of his forehead.
I didn’t even wait for him to disperse before I had turned and fired on another Darkness close by. This bullet caught the Darkness on the shoulder, but the effect was the same. As he burst into nothing, I was firing at another Darkness, and then another, and another, until they were all either dead or had teleported. 
Then I looked toward where the dark magic had been held under my net. Nothing of it remained. In concentrating on accepting the Darkness’s magic inside me, I must have lost my control on the spell. I looked around at each of the men fighting alongside me and was glad to find them no worse for wear.
I was suddenly lifted into the air by a mammoth of a man and kissed passionately enough to be embarrassed in front of the men watching. I wouldn’t be entirely truthful if I said I didn’t kiss him back, though. There was too much adrenaline coursing through my veins and too much hunger for this man for me not to. 
A couple of throats being cleared had me pulling away from Logan temporarily. I wouldn’t wait long, though. Now that I had been so close to death, I wasn’t going to waste my life. I looked at the others and suddenly realized I didn’t know where we would go from here. There were still more Darkness, and I felt certain they would return. There was too much magic available here for them not to come back, especially now that the dark magic had escaped. We would have to be ready for them. 
“We will be, Riya.”
I looked at Logan and smiled.
“I don’t know about you lot, but I’m heading back into the house, opening up the bar, and getting as hammered as possible,” Hash said as he walked away.
“Aye. That sounds brilliant,” Jock added.
We all made our way back into the house and poured ourselves a drink. It amazed me how these men could go from hardened warriors to carefree guys in a matter of minutes. I guess they feel the same as I do. You never know how long you’re going to have, so you had better take advantage of it while you can. 
Logan walked into the kitchen to grab some ice and I followed. I had made a mess of things earlier, and I needed to fix it now.
“I told ye, ye dinna have tae tell me anything.”
“Yes, I do. I don’t care what you feel through the bond. I need it said, and I’m saying it damn it.”
His expression showed shock from my adamancy, but he didn’t say anything, so I took that as his agreement to listen. “I didn’t ask to be turned Fey. Hell, a couple of days ago I didn’t even think that was a possibility. I also didn’t want to be a mated Fey, and that is the truth, but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to be one. Sure it’s all new and unknown, but there is something unexplainable about the way I feel about you. There’s a comfort I feel when I’m around you that I’ve never had before.
“I don’t necessarily think it’s because you shared you magic with me either, and if it is, so be it. There’s no reversing it now, and I don’t think I would want it to be reversed even if it could be. I’ve been alone for a long time. First, it was just me and my aunt; then when she died, it was just me. Because of that, I’m going to have to get used to having someone around all the time, and I’m not saying I won’t screw things up some of the time, but I don’t want to change this.” I pointed at him, then me, so he would know I referred to the bond between us.
He didn’t say anything at first, and I was suddenly nervous. Why wasn’t he talking? Shouldn’t he have said something that would indicate he agreed with what I said or something? After a few moments, he smiled. “Oh, ye’re done now?”
I rolled my eyes and punched his chest lightly. “Yes, I’m done.”
“Good.”
His lips were on mine almost before the word had registered through with my brain. After a minute, I pulled back and looked into his eyes.
“So does ‘good’ mean we’re good?”
He smiled at me again. “We’ve been good, Riya. I already knew what ye needed, and I already knew ye would come to the right conclusion.”
I rolled my eyes. “I’m glad one of us has that much confidence in me.”
“Always.”
That one word was enough to have me back in his arms and kissing him like this was our last night on earth.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean…”
I pulled away from Logan and saw Luke turning to leave the room. “It’s okay, Luke. This is your house after all.”
He turned back cautiously. “I was just going to ask you if you would put the same spell on our swords as you did Logan’s. I can’t believe I didn’t think of it before, and we’re going to need it when the Darkness returns.”
“Yeah. Of course.”
“Also, do you think we should be worried about the dark magic being released? If it was from our world, I would just assume it would return to the environment and become neutral, but since it’s from a different world I’m a bit concerned.”
I shrugged. “I would think you’re right. It probably just dissipated into everything else in this world, but there’s no way to know for sure. Perhaps you could modify your map to pick up on any spikes in dark magic. That would tell us if it went somewhere specific. I also think you need to expand your scope for the Darkness. It’s possible they will attack elsewhere now that they know we’re here to fight them. Plus, I don’t have any more dark magic to entice them with.”
I could feel Logan’s relief through our bond, and I couldn’t say I blamed him. I was done with dark magic forever. You know what they say: if you play with fire, you will eventually be burned.
It was obvious Luke had jumped on my idea of expanding his map. “I could possibly create a globe that would allow us to pinpoint when the Darkness return. If I could pick up large amounts of dark magic anywhere in the world, there would be nowhere for them to attack that we couldn’t defend. Of course, that would require modifying a bunch of satellites, but if I—”
“Tomorrow, Luke. Just enjoy the peace while we have it.” I started past him and patted his shoulder while he was still lost in thought.
You would have thought I had planted a bomb on his shoulder for the reaction it got. He actually screamed and jumped back to get away from me. I instinctively took a step back too and looked at him with worry. Then I remembered him telling me about the curse that had been placed on him. I didn’t know what was supposed to happen, but he said it was bad, so I waited for the other shoe to drop. The other Fallen ran into the room when they heard his scream and looked from him to me. They must have ascertained what happened because they were at his side in an instant.
“Just breathe through it, Luke. It’ll pass. It always does,” Hash told him.
Luke’s expression was complete shock as he turned to his friend. “I didn’t see anything.”
Hash looked confused. “The curse didn’t activate?”
Luke slowly shook his head as he looked at me in wonderment. I don’t know what I did, but it was obvious he was surprised by it. Gradually, his expression changed from shock to exuberance. “Can you tell me how it is that I can’t see your death?”
Uh…

###


Thank you for reading The Darkness: Book One of the Fallen–Fey Chronicles. Want to read more about the Fey? Check out the Forged by Magic Trilogy. Book one, Brimstone, is currently free. Want to read more about the Fallen? Check out the Avery Tywella series. Book one, Darkened, is also currently free. 


Available Books by S. L. Gavyn

The Forged by Magic Series
Brimstone 
Iron Made 
Dragon’s Flame 
Ange Noir: A Forged by Magic Prequel Novella

The Avery Tywella Series
Darkened
Deadened
Deceived
Craven: An Avery Tywella Companion Novel
Damned
Devoted

The Fabled Series
The Fabled
Fable City
Fabled Lost

The Fallen–Fey Chronicles
The Darkness
The Cursed
The Light
The Broken
The Driven

