The
Simple Life
Of Riley:


Christine Wood

Copyright © by C Wood 2019


Any resemblance, to people, events, and places, written within the pages of this book is purely coincidental, as this is a work of total fiction.

There is some sexual content making it unsuitable for under eighteen readers.

This e book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e book may not be re sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it wasn’t purchased for your use only, then please return this to were you purchased it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author

Feedback is much appreciated; good or bad, so I can fix errors or improve the story.

Warning: I am a hopeless dyslexic, and please bear that in mind when reading.

Also: UK & US are minefields of miss matched grammar.
Tyre vs. Tire & my favourite Arse vs. Ass.


CHAPTER ONE:


The advertisement for the job didn’t do this place justice at all, it is a wonderful old beautiful big house, it was really more of a country mansion. The advert led me to believe it would be a large house, because it simply stated a housekeeper was required for a family home. The large mansion could be seen as I drove up the road, it was hardly a large family home either, it’s really more the size of a grand hotel, wow it was really impressive. I know I seem hung up on its size, but this was not what I was expecting. I look out at the eighteenth century gothic looking house, which comes complete with two roof turrets at each end of the building, and wow the grandiose entrance looked impressive. I wow again, as I realise this was now my home. 
I took the keys from my purse and headed in. The door creaked as it opened, and oh we have the added in the old spooky house sound, then the smell hit me, the damp unlived in smell. Hopefully this would not be a problem, but then again, the house has been empty, for ten years. It is only checked over twice a year, and given a look over and fix up, if needed. Umm I guess they missed a few things? It was my job, as housekeeper, to get it ready for the family to move into in the coming summer. I had three months to clean and get it ready. Looking at the place, I would need every day and help doing it too.
I read the house map, to find the red brick powerhouse and with several out buildings, the map was definitely needed. I had plenty of time to explore out here later, but for now the house and I need to be awash in light, so getting light and heat into the building was my first priority. I found the one I needed, and I walked around the old brick building.
Finding it secured and with a massive padlock on the double doors, so taking another key from the bundle that I’d found in the car at the airport, which was a new four by four, a car that was waiting for me as I got off the plane at the airport. Calgary was some twenty kilometres away from the house and the house was at least two more from the road, so it had to be self sufficient. Moor House, my new home, was smack bang in the middle of nowhere, well it was somewhere between Bragg Creek and Cochrane anyhow.
I opened the door and finding the generator room easily enough, I follow the instructions and it came to life. I did the self cheering for a job well done. I checked the fuel levels and it was full, both for the generator and the oil for the heating, that pump was turned on. The diesel fuel tanks were also full. The incinerator was in here too, that produced the necessary heat for all the outbuildings. I looked for the circuit board for the house and flipped the switches for it to light up the house. The last job in here was to get water into the house. This was fed up here by a pump from a large freshwater well. I turned on the water pump, hearing it glug and splutter to life, I headed back in to the house. 
Again, looking at the map, I went in search of the heating panel in the kitchen. Flipping the switches on and then lighting the boiler, it whooshed into life and I stepped back, according to the letter this may take a couple of days to get heat to the entire house and I would need to regulate the cast iron radiators in all the rooms too. I then went in search of my rooms, finding them they were yet again impressive. Turning the heaters on in my three rooms, I could soon hear water and air travelling through the radiators.
I would be warm soon. The two radiators in my bedroom and bathroom were huge. My lounge also had a stone fireplace, and I’d read in the mass of house manuals, that all the chimneys had been cleaned and swept. The files and the other things were all couriered to my home in Toronto, two weeks ago, with instructions to read and learn about the place that would soon become my home and read I did.
I started a fire going, the wood in the hearth was dry and the box at the fire side full of wood and paper and things to set a fire. I watched the small flickering flames come to life, as I did, I warmed my cold hands. This place was going to be nice, especially when my furniture arrived from storage. My bedroom was big too, with a big brass bed and it looked comfortable enough, I needed to get that aired.
Then right next to my bedroom was my own massive bathroom. The house and the rooms are all enormous, and I wonder just what I have let myself in for. I opened a cupboard and a mouse ran past me. I don’t know who was more afraid, it or me. An exterminator needed to be called first thing in the morning. I opened other cupboards tentatively, only to see more droppings, sheisk it seems we were infested. This needed seeing to before the family’s furniture arrived.
I opened the wardrobes and they were all clear, with no furry friends, but plenty of evidence of their previous visits is visible. My rooms were heating up nicely. I ran the water in the bathroom, it came out as dark and smelly at first, so I left it running to see the rest of the house. According to the detailed plans and the manuals, there were fifteen bedrooms in the main house, all complete with connecting bathrooms, along with seven large entertaining rooms, a massive kitchen, complete with a room sized pantry, which needed stocking. A commercial laundry, a whole host of cellar spaces, including a massive wine cellar and attic spaces, and then the two staff quarters. I was to get a handyman in the next couple of days, he like me was to be living in, and he would occupy the other rooms opposite mine.
I had a very quick look around the ground floor and it was heating up nicely. Why have this place and not live in it? It was and is beautiful. The curtains, which would have been beautiful in their day, were now sun bleached and moth eaten. I half expected when I opened them, that they would fall off in my hand, but they didn’t. Tomorrow the task of taking them all down, and then burning them would begin, hopefully the smell in here would drastically improve.
I’d arrived in the middle of February, and it is freezing here especially with the snow lying thickly on the ground, and with the sky looking like it is thickly loaded with even more snow to follow, I tried to keep in some of the warmth, by closing the wooden window shutters, these were thick oak, but out here on the moors. They would need to be, to keep the cold icy winds from the massive windows. It’s a tad chilly out there and shutting them gives me a small semblance of security. The big fireplaces would be kept going to heat the place up too and so I started a fire in each one I passed. The house had character and charm; I am in awe of the place and get a little giddy when I imagine how it will look when it is finished. 
The ground floor would need very little doing in way of actual repair, the decorators would be in soon and would be bringing the old place back to the elegant place I imagined it once was. It was devoid of all furniture, everything including the expensive rugs that would be an embellishment to the intricately designed parquetry floors, were all in storage. The page upon page of instructions on how each room would eventually look upon completion were overwhelming, they were also breath taking, and I couldn’t wait.
I explored more of the upstairs rooms. The big blue bedroom I presume to be the master was a surprise, because it still had the furniture in it and I’d had to use the key to open it, all the others were open. Perhaps this was used by the twice-yearly maintenance guy? There was evidence of a fire having been lit, perhaps they thought I would use this room too? I seemed to be at it for hours, opening and closing curtains and shutters and the heat was taking its sweet time to get to the top floor and the attic spaces were still freezing, the attics though were crammed full of antiques, family knick knacks, mirrors, pictures, and old nursery things. 
All the nursery things needed to be out, cleaned, repaired, and placed back into the nursery. They had a baby, a young child and a nanny, to be homed in the nursery wing. The new occupiers of Moor House, the very lucky St Pierre family, who were I’m told, shocked when they inherited this from a distant cousin, along with the funds to live and maintain the house. They are the very lucky to be getting it, I will keep my fingers crossed I get on with them, now there’s a big ask!
The only stipulation to their wealth being the house had to be lived in by someone all year, but the family only had to reside here for the required six months, it was a strange fact to tell me, but one the solicitor insisted I knew about. I think he thought I would hate the loneliness, but I smiled and thought how wrong he was. That was to be my task, six months at their disposal and for the other six months, act as a caretaker and it suited me fine, I’d then get plenty of time for my books and my music.
I decided to unpack my things, so driving around to my entrance I parked. I’d had to stop for supplies in Calgary, which was a two hour round trip, so doing that for just for a loaf of bread, I didn’t think so, and as I didn’t know what was needed, until I actually got here. I got mainly snack foods, bottles of water and beer and the staples for a week. The credit card they gave me was used to purchase bedding and basic cooking stuff.
I was informed the place would be a money pit for the first six months and until the gardens and the kills from the great hunting grounds filled the cupboards and stores, I had to use it for everything to make this place a home. I tried the phone, but it was off, this being the main link to the outside world, though I had my mobile with me, the signal was bad out here and was only hovering between a couple of bars and at a pinch could be boosted to three, if I was willing to do what looked like Chinese acrobatics to get a better signal.
I wasn’t sure I wanted to look like an idiot trying to get a better reception, but for the first week I was on my own anyway, so I could do the idiotic poses, safe in the knowledge I was in my own company. I shut the front door, bolting it. I was on my own, the alone thing didn’t bother me, I had my protection with me and wasn’t afraid to use it. 
The gun safe here was empty, I love my guns and they are a great passion of mine, the rest of my collection is on its way here, with my personal belongings. The gun safe here is massive so will be able to hold my collection. It’s solid wood and built into the walls and bolted into the space from the inside of the cabinet, it’s a serious gun closet. I did have a hope that the guns were all still in storage too. It would be a pity if they had been sold though, because I loved to shoot old guns. I had my own hunting rifle here with me and along with that, my other baby, my pistol. I am safe just in case. My brother calls me Annie Oakley and he always has done, I am a much better shot than he is.
His name is Alastair, but since our parents died, both he and my sister Alice, have been very distant with me and that’s an understatement too, they had not spoken to me since the reading of our parents will, their partners were just as opinionated as my siblings and hateful words were exchanged, so I left said goodbye to my nephews and nieces and went back to Grandma’s house.
I’ve only been back to Scotland a couple of times to try to see the children, but I’m banned from the property. So unless the children need me, I never will return. I live in hope they will get in touch, as the old Laird has my details for them to contact me at Grandmas should they want me for anything. 
I’m brought back to the present, as my belly is hungry for food. I put the rifle on the side table here in the kitchen and put the pistol on the shelf above the cooker, within gripping distance. My late father was a highland gamekeeper, and I had been taught to handle a gun and learned to shoot at an early age and I loved it.
It is better to be safe than sorry, because for the next week I am on my own out here, and I need the protection. I’d been asked in my interview if I liked to hunt, if interview was even the right word for the emails and the phone calls that got me the job of my dreams! The whole thing was a mystery, and a damned strange way to get a job that I couldn’t remember applying for, but I had applied for hundreds, so it was possible this was one of the many.
I need to get organised for the night, so I unpacked the bedding, as my rooms were warm and pleasant now. I turned the mattress in my room, which had warmed nicely. The water too is now clear and hot. Flushing the toilets in all the bathrooms had helped. I flushed mine again and went to clean the kitchen, after I’d remembered I was supposed to be hungry. I unloaded the iPod from my backpack and put it in its docking station, so I could have it blasting out whilst I cleaned.
The cooking range was an old wood burning stove. Boy, I’ve not used one of these in quite a while. I smiled at remembering helping Dad light the one in the big house. My mother the cook hated that task. I’m not surprised I remembered how to do it, because I’d had ten years of harsh training. The cupboards were empty, apart from the droppings, but after a good clean with bleach and plenty of good old elbow grease, the kitchen was coming together nicely.
I had the boxes of food on the massive wooden table in the middle of the kitchen. This was mouse free, thank god. I made myself dinner and decided enough had been done today, as the light was fading outside, and the night was drawing in quickly. I made myself a pan of curried chicken pasta soup, as it would do me for a couple of days and it was both filling and tasty.
I sat at the table eating the red-hot soup, dunking in the bread. I was disturbed by the extremely loud and angry knocking at the back door. I turned off the music and went for the pistol. I wasn’t expecting anyone and being so far in the wilderness, I couldn’t be too careful.
 “Yes, how can I help you?” I shouted through the door.
 “You could start by letting me in, its freezing out here and my key won’t open the damned door with the bar over.”
 “I’m not opening the door to anyone, tell me who you are? What are you doing here?”
“I start work here tomorrow, who the hell are you?”
“I started work here today.”
“Right, you’re the housekeeper, you’re not meant to be here until Monday. I’ll pass my letter and passport through the spy hatch here if you open it.” I wasn’t expecting the handy man until next week. What was his name, Jason, Jacob, shit Jackson? My memory is usually a lot better, hell, everything is usually better! 
“Right, try any crap and I have a gun and I really do know how to use it.” I opened the flap and he passed his documents through. His documents said he is Jacob Moore, which was the name I recognised from the files. I slid off the latch and opened the door. “I’m sorry, but in my defence, I wasn’t expecting you until next week. Please come in get warm.” Wrapped up in thick clothes he stumbled in and in doing so the snow fell from him, I hadn’t noticed the snow falling. “Sorry you must be freezing, go through to the, the range is good and hot, there’s hot food and the kettles on.”
“You weren’t meant to be here until next week. I have been knocking for ages after failing miserably to get in through the front door. Perhaps you couldn’t hear me above the boss?” Loud is he mad, loud is always the best volume for Bruce? “I was supposed to be here to make sure the generator and everything was ready for you.” He started to peel of the heavy coat and things he had on, placing them over the hooks above the hallway radiator. 
He turned to look at me, and lord he was so nice looking. His cropped blond hair, those piercing dark green eyes, with what seemed to be little flecks of gold running through them. The man was in excess of six-foot easily, this man was, and is well built and the smell coming from him was a heady aroma one of musk and spices, wow my head was giddy. His smile was the cherry on the top of the cake. The way he carried himself, I’d say he was military or police force, you can always tell their stance.
“You are called what? You have me at a disadvantage Miss, Mrs or Ms?” I looked at him.
“Oh sorry, how rude of me. I’m Anne Riley Summers, Miss and no I’m not that Anne Summers and no I don’t give out free demonstrations. I do however use my middle name Riley, it’s far less embarrassing.” He laughed. “I am so sorry to keep you freezing out there. Let me put the gun away and I’ll get you something to eat.” He laughed again at me.
“Is it loaded? I knew I was expecting a lady called, Ms Summers, but the notes were brief as to who you were and what your job entailed, other than housekeeper. Given the details in the other folders I was a little shocked, there was nothing on who is to be my companion for the winter months.” I turned and smiled.
“Yes, stripped down cleaned and reloaded, and yes, I do know how to use it too, and my notes said to expect a Jacob Moore on Monday, like you said, they messed that information up. Yes, my manuals are massive, and yes mine also go into great detail, though not on you.” I put the gun back in my jeans and watched as he warmed his hands on the range. “My flight got in first thing this morning, I did a little shopping at the grocery store in Calgary.” He sat down as I got him a bowl full of the pasta soup concoction I made for myself.
“I expected to be coming into a freezing house and having to mess around in the dark, thank you, you saved me a job.”
“I just followed the map and instructions, it wasn’t rocket science, and it was so bloody freezing until a couple of hours ago. I’m sorry, but your rooms aren’t ready yet either. I was doing them tomorrow. If they are like mine, they are mouse or rat infected and damp. I can make you a bed up in my sitting room, it’s nice and warm and I have a fire going too.”
“I will be fine, and I can do my rooms myself. Just point me in the right direction.” He is peering at me with those eyes, as if he’s staring into my soul, I shiver as a slight chill runs through me, either that or there’s a door opening somewhere. I pour him a mug of tea, the crappy instant coffee is hiding in the mass of boxes, not being a coffee drinker, I picked up a cheap one, so the builders don’t waste time drinking it all day. There was method in my buying it, but what if he’s a coffee drinker. Heck, I don’t want to be trekking into town for more.
“I will show you your quarters after you have eaten and had a drink to warm yourself through.” He smiled and ate the bowl of soup and I watched as he ate, he really is cute, shit I needed to get my mind back to the job in hand. What I really need to get is laid, I’ve not had sex in a while, but jumping the bones of the first person to be in touching distance, is so damn wrong, umm but no harm in thinking of it.
There had been no one in that department, not since I had my sorrowful time with Eddie Prince, Prince by name but dickweed by nature and he was a fucking married dickweed too. That man made me swear, even miles apart, fuck him and the convict ship his relatives sailed to America on. Pity it didn’t sink it would have saved the world from having that bloody man in it. Then I remembered the hateful idiot before him, Nigel Smith Jones, the thought of Nigel and what he did made me sick to my stomach, I hated the thought of his touch I hated the smell, but more so I hated myself for letting it happen.
I suddenly don’t need a man, I need a stiff drink and my bed. My experiences with men is limited, horrific and damn near forgettable. I will stick with my best friend Slim. That voice coming from that mouth grabs my attention again, and he’s staring at me too. Had he asked me a question and in my reminiscing, did I miss it? 
“Where in Great Britain are you from, you have and English accent, but then a hint or twang as you Brits say, love the colloquialisms you have over there, yours has a hint of a Scottish or is it an Irish dialect? I’m sorry those accents are kinda hard to tell apart to a dumb arse from over the boarder?”
“Very observant Mr Moore, though I was born here in Canada thirty- two years ago, I was raised in Scotland, in a castle, in the Muir of Ord, outside Inverness. I have just come out of an eighteen-month stint with the Royal Canadian Police, then before that out of the British Army, having done nearly five years as a Combat Officer.”
“So you weren’t kidding, you know how to fire that thing then?”
“Never mess with a gun, if you don’t know what you’re doing. I can assure you you’re in safe hands.” I laughed and ate my soup grabbing another bowlful as Jacob took another bowlful too.
“Forgive me but you’re the housekeeper right not security? You’re just the cook, cleaner, bedmaker right?”
“Correct, Mr Moore. I am until the family get here, and then I hire those people. I can assure you I am quite capable of running a house this size, despite being a woman, and I will be feeding them too. Security won’t be a problem either, don’t worry sweet cheeks I can covert, I mean cover your arse…” Shit that all came out, damn him.
I have verbal diarrhoea, all in areas that cause my mouth and mind to carry on regardless! The hunk on my mind kind, he’s smirking at me too. I mean, what a great first impression to make, after all first impressions count. Great, his first impression of Anne Riley Summers is well less than flattering ‘cos now he thinks I’m a randy gun toting strange woman… Oops, which I am I suppose? I need to regroup and ignore the coveting his ass comment, all will be fine if I skirt over it smoothly…
“I was brought up in a big estate in Scotland, where my father was head gamekeeper, he taught me to shoot and my mother taught me to cook, well she taught me many a good thing, including how to cook.” Shit there’s another innuendo slipped in there. I will ignore it and carry on, damn it why is he doing this to me? “You, where do you come from, the accent is American, it sounds as though you come from the South perhaps, or there abouts?” He smiled.
“I’m from Richmond, Virginia Ma’am. I applied for the job when my father passed away. I just want a simpler way of life for a while and well six months of pampering to the new owners and six months to hunt fish and relax write a book or two, it seemed like too good an opportunity to miss.” We had the same goals in our six months on our own here. I nodded in agreement. I took the bowls away. Washing them and putting the rest on the back of the range with a lid on. I showed Jacob to his rooms.
“I presume these are yours, because they open onto the workshops out back and they are massive too, the wood and gun stores are there, so if you want I can light your fire for you?” As we opened the door, the heat hit us. “I guess you don’t need it, the boiler is in the room at the side here too.” He laughed.
“I like my heat well enough, but that’s like a sauna. Perhaps I need to get naked and in a towel?” I went red, and then he proceeded to turn down the radiators, was he laughing at me or was he flirting? “Sorry Ma’am, but I have a strange sense of humour. I only get naked in private.” Pity that… His lounge was similar to mine in size and so was his bedroom too. I’d done a quick wiz through earlier. The first one here got the best rooms.  
“Your sofa is nice and dry, let’s check your bedroom.” He laughed again, in your dreams sunshine. I opened the door this room was just as hot too, and the bed was fine.
“I will get you some sheets and bedding. I bought a load from the store this morning.” I left him to it and went to get his things. I picked him four pillows a quilt, covers, sheets, a couple blankets and towels. I knocked and went in to find him looking around his place. I placed the stuff on his bedside, flipped his mattress and proceeded to make his bed.
“Ma’am, that won’t be necessary, I can make my own bed thank you Ma’am.”
“Well, if you’re sure, I can finish the kitchen and get to my bed, thank you and its Riley, I have had years of yes Ma’am, no Ma’am. See you in the morning.”
“You can call me Jake too, Mr Moore was my father, I will see you later Riley, nice meeting you.”


***Jake***


Wow, this place is massive, and it looks like the lights are on, we may have squatters, shit, I don’t want trouble before I even start working here. I pull up to the front and can hear music the place is in darkness at the front so go around to the back. My gun is in my kit bag, fuck I need to be careful. I try my keys and curse as there is something blocking my opening it, perhaps a dead lock or door bar? I am not getting in anytime soon and I don’t fancy sleeping in the vehicle not with this snow coming down. The music is Mr Springsteen himself and as I bang and hard on the door, the music stops, and I hear a woman’s voice through the door, she finally answers it, after what seems like forever.
“Yes, how can I help you?”
“You could start by letting me in its freezing out here and my key won’t open the damned door with the bar over.”
 “I’m not opening the door to anyone, tell me who you are? What are you doing here?” Fuck, I’m freezing here. Who is she, is she alone?
“I start work here tomorrow, who the hell are you?”
“I started work here today.” 
“Right you’re the housekeeper, not meant to be here until Monday? I will pass my letter and passport through the spy hatch here if you open it.” I fumble for the damn stuff from my pockets and pass them through the hatch and as she opened the small door. I saw those eyes, they were bright blue and shinning.
She opened the door and told me to get warm, I’m sure I answered her, but she took my breath away with those eyes, the rest of her is mighty fine too, and yeah, she’s checking me out too. Go on sweetheart check away. Damn it down boy and keep it down we are here to work, not screw the other help. The advertisement didn’t say I’d be having such pleasant winter company either, but hell, she’s very easy on the eyes.
I eat the simple yet tasty soup she puts before me and eat it gladly, she sits and stares as I eat. What do I have pasta on my chin? I wipe, and we make small talk about coveting my ass, a slip I’m sure, but hell covert and cover baby with those hands. She blushes, yep still got the good manners I’m known for, or I’d be nailing her hard. She switches the topic of conversation, nice try.
I already know you covert my ass, how very biblical. We chat about accents and hometown places, she floors me telling me she was in the British Army, so she did know how to shoot off my nuts with the pistol she had. I love a woman who can shoot. After dinner, we make our way to my rooms, and as she opens the door, the sheer heat nearly takes my breath away. I make a joke about being naked and wearing a towel and she gulped. Yeah, I still have it…

*******

I closed his door and went back to my cleaning of the kitchen. I would need to shop again. I hadn’t figured on a six-foot man mountain eating my snack food, or him being such a bloody hunky handyman. I expected an older guy, a grandad type of person, not a drop dead gorgeous man. I didn’t see the hunky guy again; he’s sticking to his rooms.
I finally finished the kitchen gone midnight, I am tired, exhausted and now in great need for sleep. I dragged my backside to bed. The bathroom was toasty warm, so I ran a bath and throwing in a great hand full of soap flakes. I put in too many because the bubbles were now everywhere. I stripped and got in and gosh, the sheer bliss because the bath was deep and so warm. I drifted off as the steam filled the room. I woke when I heard a shuffling noise in the bathroom, those damned mice, and then saw the figure standing in the corner of the bathroom, I screamed loudly. The figure disappeared, and I grabbed my robe and took off after whoever was in the house.
“Jacob, you fucking pervert get your arse here.” Shit, it was happening again, not again. I will beat the crap out of him if he tries that shit on me. I steamed into his rooms and he was in his bedroom unpacking.
“Can I help you Riley? I thought it was polite to knock and wait for me to ask you in?”
“Like you did, stood in my bathroom watching me bathe?”
“I can assure you I haven’t even been near your apartment, let alone in it.”
“Then who the hell was in my room, if it wasn’t you?” He came with me, we clearly saw my wet footprints overstepped a wet boot print. Jake had just his socks on, and his feet were considerably bigger.
“Shit Riley, there was someone in here with you. Get your clothes on and get in my bed, it’s made up and I will sleep on the sofa, we will investigate this tomorrow, it’s too dark to do anything now.” I didn’t feel safe on my own, even with the gun. Shit the guns, I ran to the bedroom, it was still there.
“I will be fine here I will sleep with the door closed and a gun, I will shoot first ask questions later.”
“Annie Oakley eat your heart out. Well, I will sleep on your couch and won’t be opening your door, no worries.” He smiled, and I laughed. He too was calling me Annie O.
“I will be fine.”
“I know, but I would feel better. Then tomorrow we do a walk through. They couldn’t get in here the doors are locked and bolted, so must have already been in here and is possibly still is in here Riley. Please let me sleep on the couch in yours, I have checked my place and no there’s no way into my apartment. I would feel better in there’s a gun-cabinet in there too.” I grabbed my pyjamas and followed, shutting the doors.
“I didn’t think of that. Shit, I was on my own for hours, but his feet were wet. There must be another way in, through the cellars perhaps? I didn’t check them. I’m thankful you did come early. The gun cupboards empty too, but I do have my own.”
“Think nothing of it and I’m glad I was here.” I went through and climbed in his bed. He pulled the blankets off and with a pillow; preceded to sleep on the sofa. I laughed his feet were well over the edge of the small sofa. 
“Please take the bed, I’ll have the sofa. I can fit on that, if not I sleep in my bed.” He held his hands up and we traded places, the room was so warm. I curled up on the sofa and slept and boy did I sleep well.

***Jake***

Dinner was a welcome surprise and the conversation not too bad either, the blonde bombshell I will be sharing a home with for the near future is a knockout, witty and bright. I think I may have some across of as a bit of a protector, and she sure has hell seems not to be the type of gal to need protection. My, me-Tarzan-you-Jane thing did work eventually. God knows where the intruder is hiding, or how long he watched her in the bath, the lucky fucker.
I got an eyeful when the little lady crashed through my door, she was so angry she didn’t notice her wares were as they say on display and umm, a she is a true blonde. I need a cold shower instead of this sauna for a bedroom. I could do with a little relief right about now, going to bed with a hard on is not the best thing in the world, but I must have fallen asleep, because when I awoke she was folding the sheets and taking a nice long peek at the goods, good job I kept on the boxers, normal protocol is I sleep in the buff. 
She stares, and she smiles she bites her lip and sighs, even as I sleep, I’ve got it. Now leave lady, before my wares are on display. I count backwards from a hundred and imagine my mom is shouting at me for staring at the ladies in the changing room at Bergstroms, the big ladies store back home. What, so shoot me, I was like ten and I peeked under the door as Sally James tried on her ‘to die for prom dress.’ I wanted to know why she was screaming, then she screamed louder as she spotted my ten-year old face peering up at her naked boobs, wow my mom wacked my head and behind that day… My mom thinking works and it stays put and she left to make breakfast. I shower and change and as pull on my boots, I smell the aromas seeping under the doors to my rooms, wow she’s a looker with a body for sinning with and she cooks like Mom. Huston we may have a winner.

*******

I’d wake in the morning refreshed. As I folded the blankets, I needed to do breakfast for the pair of us. Jake was still fast asleep on top of his bed, it was just too warm; the place was like a sauna. He slept in just his boxers and from what I could see, he obviously took care of himself. Shoot, I’m ogling a stranger and that’s not good, damn it. I placed the blankets and sheets on the back of the sofa. I need out of here before I get caught drooling.
I built up the cooker, the embers are still burning bright, then grabbed the fry pan, and cooked up a storm, bacon, eggs, and hash browns, the whole works, including a few buttermilk pancakes and I warmed the maple syrup. Just as I finished Jake came through to the kitchen dressed in jeans and a red plaid shirt, I’m staring and drooling…
“That bed was sure comfy, thanks for the trade-off. How was the sofa Riley?”
“Actually, quite comfortable too, I have slept in worse places in my years with the army. So a warm comfortable couch is a blissful luxury, now, please help yourself to breakfast.” He smiled as he looked at the spread.
“You do all this for me?”
“I did this for us, I eat too.” He laughed.
“A woman who eats real food for breakfast go figure. Thanks this it looks great.” We tucked in. He was even nicer looking in the clear light of day. He ate the food and drank the disgusting coffee and he pulled his face, at the crap I’d bought.
“First thing I get when I shop, a decent coffee maker, because this instant is crap sorry.”   
“I have to have at least two cups of decent coffee before I’m good to go Ma... Sorry Riley.” After breakfast and some pleasantries passed between us, we went intruder hunting.
The snowfall wasn’t bad, and Jake and I were going to do a perimeter check. I dressed, pulling my army boots and fatigues on. I’d brought them for hunting in. Who’d have thought they’d be in use so soon, and for man hunting too? 
“Do you want to borrow one of my guns Jake?” He laughed and pulled out a Smith and Western, from his kit bag, with the words US Navy on the side, well he didn’t need my help with a gun, then?
“No Ma’am I came prepared, ever the boy scout. I should have said Ma’am, I’m ex United States Navy. I was until recently with Naval Special Warfare. Please, let me introduce myself, Command Master Chief Petty Officer Moore, and I’m now at your service.”
“Argh you are a seal, were the only good day was yesterday?”
“Ma’am, yes Ma’am.”
“In my case, my day was fine yesterday, my night though quite different. Please stop calling me Ma’am Jake, I hate that title now, please call me Riley.”
“Sorry, it is a force of habit Riley.” He smiled as we headed out, the snow had covered the tracks, though I noticed, the dips in the snow headed to the woods and tracing it backwards, they lead to the broken cellar doors. We followed the dips in the snow, they lead into the woods, were we lost the trail as the snow was patchy in here with the evergreens stopping the snowfall.
“Looks like the trails gone cold Ma... Riley.”
“It’s hard to follow, but not impossible there are broken twigs here and over there too, but could be a bear, wolf or a moose, though no paw or hoof prints in the snow either, I did hear wolves in the night. Come on let’s check the cellar.”
“We need to get a security system installed. We have the budget for a pretty decent system too. I’m getting in a couple of friends in to do it, they could do a few days hunting on the place to stock the fridges and freezers. They are decent people too, give them food and a bunk for the time they are here, and they will be fine. I’ll sort it, that’s in my remit, not yours.” I agreed. “We need to get the phone and internet, up and running too, but it could be next week before that’s up and running Riley.”
“I tried it yesterday it was still down. Look the locks been jimmied. This is point of entry and he can’t have been stupid enough to come back in, or can he?” 
“I will go in point Riley you cover the rear.” We headed in. There were wet footprints on the floor, he had in fact been stupid enough to come back in. I noticed Jake had seen them too. We followed them to a cellar room, a foul smell was emanating from behind the door. Jake pointed for me to cover him, as he opened the door. When we opened the door, and a tramp was cowering in the corner of the freezing cold cellar.
“What the hell are you doing in here? This is private property, out now.” There was an elderly chap slumped and frightened in the corner, and Jake was really angry. I spoke to him French.
“What are you doing here? This is a private property?” He answered back in French.
“I am sorry I stop here all winter, it’s been my winter home for the past ten years and I have been here a few weeks already.”
“Well, I’m sorry the new owners won’t want you staying here as it is you could have been shot as a trespasser.”
“I am so sorry for frightening you yesterday, but I haven’t seen anyone here in such a long time. I usually sleep in the power house, but they changed the locks last week whilst I was out looking for food, the old man used to let me stay there, and I used to do small jobs for him in return for board and lodgings. You know clear drains, sweep leaves, and in return I was given food, clothes and slept in the power house rooms.” I asked he follow me up the stairs, which he did.
“He doesn’t speak English Jake, he is speaking, Quebec French, or Québécois.” He watched the old man climb the steps, he took down a key and opened the door. Damn, he has a key to get in. He smiled and gave it to me. “Thank you and please go through to the kitchen there’s breakfast left, I can reheat it for you, after you take a bath and I will look in the bedroom, there are plenty of clothes up there in an old chest. We will get you kitted out.” I looked at him properly in the light of day. “He is an old soldier, his insignia on his jacket is Canadian Army, so he must speak English.” He laughed.
“Congratulations, not many people pick that up, Miss. I truly am sorry if I frightened you yesterday, but you had invaded my home. I have lived here for a long time, 10 years.”
“You stop here in the house?” He smiled.
“I have been stopping in the power house, but it was locked up too tightly for me to get back into, the cellar was easier to get into. I had hoped to stay again, as I have for the past thirty years, the past ten. I have been on my own, well, since they took old Harry away.”
“We need to get you sorted out with some clean dry clothes and then sort you out accommodation; you can’t stay here past May.” All the time Jake sat and watched the old man.
“The old man, Harry who lived here before let you stay in the power house?”
“Yes Son, there is a small set of rooms in there with water and power and heating in it, it’s quite comfy there, until I leave to travel for the summer in May.”
“I need to hire a gardener, how about we hire you, you eat in here with us, but sleep in there if that’s alright with you Riley?”
“That’s fine, but you have to be clean and tidy in here, and I insist you bathe once a week at least, please don’t take this the wrong way, but you sort of, well sorry you hum.” He agreed, and I went to find him the fresh clothes. I carried them down and they fit him like a glove so too did the shoes. He bathed in Jakes bathroom, coming out with his wet clothes and his few possessions in a plastic bag. I threw the clothes in the washer with detergent. He sat to the table and ate the reheated food Jake gave him.
“My name is Henry Petersen, I’m so sorry I should have introduced myself and I gather you two are Jake and Riley?”
“I am yes I’m Anne Riley Summers, but use the name Riley, this is Jacob Moore, we should have introduced ourselves too. Sorry for that.” Jake went to check out the powerhouse, he came back smiling.
“It’s as warm as toast in there, and he’s right he has slept in there before, the cot is nice and dry and has a few dogeared blankets. I will sort a sleeping bag and blankets out have them in the back of my RV, there’s everything else you need over there, a toilet in a small bathroom with a sink.”
“As I said, I worked here for the old gent, such a shame all on his own going bonkers, after his wife died and his idiot step son did something stupid, when he was travelling in Europe. He really was in such a state, when they carted him off to the home. Spending his time in this place all on his own, he went a little mad. This place is calling out for a family.” I had to agree with that too.
“Right, we need to get you to work and fix that door you busted.” Jake took the old fellow under his wing, but there was something not quite right about him, he seemed too posh to be a vagrant? Hell, what did I know, you get all sorts of people stepping out of their crappy lives and taking to the roads?
I needed to start taking the curtains down and washing those massive windows. I cracked on as they did their own thing. I plugged my iPod in and started in what would be the music room, the tall ladders made easy work of reaching the top. However, it was quite a height and I knew I would hate those curtains at the end of the week as they made me sneeze and itch. Lord knows what was living in them, no doubt brought to life with the heat. I was bitten to death, as I took them down. 
I would hate the curtains for as long as it took to get them all down. The windows, wow there were loads and all are massive, my arms ached after I had finished in there. I would hate this part of the job, but I bet my arm muscles would soon ache and be massive, after their curtain work out. That would certainly come to fruition, given how many windows there were in the big house too. 
I remembered the exterminator was still needed, when I saw yet more evidence of mice. I went in search of a phone book, finding the page I needed, I phoned for someone to come. They amazingly were still in business. I was surprised, as the book was old, fifteen years old, by the date on the cover and they would be out within the day. The music room fire was lit, and the logs are piled in the hearth. It felt warm and inviting. As I cleaned the windows, I spotted Henry, he waved and smiled.
I waved back as the grime came from the glass. I’m noting the windows that are in need of fixing too, for Jake. Finishing the windows as the sun started to fade again, I went to make an evening meal for the three of us. I had a shock when I entered the kitchen, as the pots had been cleaned and tided away. The two of them had finished the pasta soup, obviously for their lunch. I had worked through lunch, at least I didn’t need to train them, perfect. I would need to run into town tomorrow, the food wouldn’t last three of us another day.
The banging of the door shocked me from my thoughts, and I went to answer, the reason for the French language was made clear, the tradesmen here spoke it. I’m thinking that they know how to speak English, but just choose not too...
“We have mice, rats and other creatures in here. It’s an old building and has been left empty for far too long. Please can you see to our problem urgently if you can? The kitchen is a sure thing and the bedrooms are a must, the cellars and attics too, thank you.” He looked around and his team set off in different directions with traps and poisons.
“You need a few house cats up here Mrs, they would help, a big house this size need cats.” Oh, I didn’t think of that and a house this size we’d need a fair few moggies. I smiled as he and his team set about the traps and placing the poisons under the floorboards. “Is this place yours Mrs? It’s a big place for just you little lady.” I shook my head.
“No, I’m just the housekeeper and I’m not alone we also have a live-in gardener and a maintenance man too, we’re getting it ready for the new owners.” That told him I was not alone.
“Local story is the old guy who lived here went cuckoo and hung himself, shame he was alone in such a big house, kept himself to himself, what’s the word... a recluse? Yes, that’s it a recluse. Word is he left his treasure hidden in the house too.” I laughed.
“The treasure is the house. All the other stories are a lot of tosh, the old guy believed in the good old banking system for his money and in investing it very well in the good old banks, from what the lawyers told me. So, don’t be going on a treasure hunt, as there’s none to be found, and he did not hang himself either, he passed in a nursing home, some six months ago or so I am told.” That’s what the solicitor who had given me the telephone interview told me. That poor man alone and in some crappy home, when his home would have been so beautiful.
I laughed as he shrugged his shoulders and carried on working. I made the attempt at a decent meal after the exterminators left, saying they were coming back in a seven-days, but telling me to get in the cats, and that a local animal shelter would love me taking three or four of their residents. Henry and Jake joined me in the kitchen.
“Good evening you two, wash up and supper will be with you in a few minutes, the exterminators have just left. We need help with the mice from a couple of cats, apparently.” Henry agreed.
“The old guy had cats, there’s a few on the estate which are feral, he kept them for the sheds and out buildings, but yes, something this size needs cats. I love them, they are such a comfort, and were not as hard work as his dogs, now he had four beautiful dogs too, hunting ones that were as mad as March hares. Spoilt them he did, they were his babies.” We laughed as Jake came back in.
“I do hope you aren’t allergic to cats and dogs Jake? We are getting a couple of cats to help with the infestation problems; apparently the exterminators can only do so much.”
“Hell, I love the fluffy things and I was considering getting a pair of hunting dogs for the family and they will be pretty good at guarding the place too. When we shop tomorrow, we’ll check out the local pound, there will be plenty of other waifs and strays that will need a good home.” I take out the dinner, we are having chicken and the trimmings, it is basic but good food. We ate it in the now toasty warm kitchen, with the both of them tucking in.
“Riley, can I ask you, what did you do for your last job?” Henry asked, breaking the awkward silence at the table.
“I spent the last eighteen months, with the Royal Canadian Police, in Toronto and that was an interesting experience! I decided I liked living here in Canada, and I’d been living in Vancouver with my Grandparents for a while, after I came out the army and I applied to join the Mounties, but the life wasn’t for me. I think I’d had too long in uniform, so I decided a different direction was needed, you know a quieter pace of life was the one for me Henry.”
“So, you’re stuck here in the middle of nowhere, it is definitely a quieter pace then.” He laughed. “But don’t you have to be Canadian to be in the police here?”
“I am, I was born here and my mother, she was Canadian. She met my father on a hunting holiday in Scotland and stopped and married him, and I have dual citizenship, but alas my youth was spent in the main in Scotland, here was a holiday place for me mores the pity.”
“Nice, so you have been here before then Riley, did you spend a lot of time here?” Jake asked as he ate.
“Yes, I have spent quite a few holidays here, with my Grandparents over in Vancouver. It is a great place to live. They run treks for tourists through the mountains. I loved coming here.” They ate and drank the beers I gave them. Henry had, had a shave and he looked younger without the beard.
“You need a haircut Henry; would you like me to trim it for you?” He laughed.
“You are spoiling me Riley. Yes, I’d love one. I hack a little off now and then, but it keeps one’s head warm when I’m on the road. I loved the supper too. I’m really full thank you.”
“Oh, now that’s a shame because there’s an apple pie and thick cream for dessert too.”
“I think I may have just enough room for that too. You really are spoiling me, both of you.”
“We’ve got to look after an old soldier, haven’t we Riley?” I agreed and cleared their plates. Bringing the warm pie from the oven, placing it on the table with the pot of cream.
“I need to go into town; we need a whole load of supplies and food because I wasn’t expecting company, so soon.” They both smiled.
“I need to get supplies too; do you fancy a run into town Henry?” He looked worried, was he an escaped convict? I laughed. Perhaps he had robbed a bank there, or had he an old lover who he didn’t want to see? My mind loved making stories up about the people I meet.
“No thank you, I will, if it’s alright stay here and do the gutters on the roof they need looking at. I’m not sure if they did them in the summer? After the snow fall they may need some fixing too.”
“I guess so, but please be careful. It’s wet, cold and slippery up there.” Jacob didn’t like that idea at all, the concern showed in his face.
“Don’t worry Jacob. I can do it from the roof ridge, I have done it for more years than I care to mention. I don’t like the packed town, they can be all consuming, and they rush around like the end of the world is coming.” I laughed he had a point, shopping when I got here was a nightmare, the crowds and their pushing and shoving.
“Do you need anything in particular?”
“No, though I do like good coffee, not the instant stuff.”
“It was on top of my list a decent coffee maker and some good beans. I only bought that for the workers, so they wouldn’t want to be making drinks all the time.” We were all in agreement, a decent coffee and a good coffee maker was definitely needed, and general consensus was that the workers would bring their own supplies. “We need to stock the freezers and the cupboards, this is going to cost a small fortune, but I was told to get everything we needed, but I feel so guilty spending other people’s money.”
“If they hadn’t wanted it they wouldn’t have said get it Riley. I have to get supplies. The windows need fixing first and then painting. I have a crew coming in to do them first thing in the morning, were they bad in the music room? The list said a few needed new panes of glass but generally they were okay, is that right?” I was ogling again and yes, he damn well knew it, I smiled and hoped he would laugh it off.
“Yes, a few are cracked, but if given a good rub down and a few coats of paint and they will be fine, I think? It’s a shame they let it fall into such near ruin a few more months and it would have been much worse, it has been so badly maintained, the maintenance team need a stern talking too, for letting this old place fall into such a bad state, but we will soon have it looking good again.” The snow is coming down again, something Jacob noticed too.
“Henry, would you mind regulating the radiators for me whilst we’re out, and taking the curtains down from the big lounge. Keeping the fires going in there, keep the heat in here going, and keep yourself warm in here, there’s plenty of time to do the outside work, when the weather gets better, and I wouldn’t want you catching your death.”
“If you’re sure, is that all right Jacob?”
“Riley’s right, you keep warm. We have plenty to do inside, before we freeze our backsides off out there.”
“Well that’s me done for today, I will wash up and get to bed, I hadn’t realised just how tired I’d be cleaning and scrubbing windows and floors, but the grime on the windows a whole decade’s worth was a lot. The mice problem is bad too, I had a few see me, and run.” They both laughed.
“Leave the pots to me Riley and have an uninterrupted bath and get into your nice warm bed.”
“Are you sure? That would be wonderful, thank you Henry. Jacob I will see you bright and early in the morning. I need to do a really big shop.” I went to my quarters and did just as Henry suggested and had my second attempt at a cosy hot bubbly bath.   
Bliss, it was uninterrupted and absolute bliss. I climbed into my toasty warm bed, the shutters had kept out the draughts. The fire and the radiators had made the room wonderfully warm. I dreamed about Jacob... Waking in the night hot and flustered, because he had been making love to me, with my sex was warm and was pulsing. I dream too, that he and I in the nursery, looking in at our child asleep in his basket, he so happy to be a father, and me at last a mother. I woke myself in a hot sweat, I never wanted to be a mother, not again ever. Wow I had actually convinced myself that, that had really happened. What the hell herbs did I put on that bloody chicken? I would never let that happen and not with Jake either. I had for far too long never thought of a family. Mixing business and pleasure, and I wasn’t about to start now. I tried to sleep again, but I was a bag of pent up sexual frustration, there was nothing else for it, I need to get some relief and I went in search of Slim. 
Finding him in the bag of tricks in my suitcase, my slim friend, he hit the spot repeatedly and I thanked the hell for the thick doors and the kitchen separating our rooms, as I made myself come, I had a fantastic end to an hour of teasing myself. I screamed Jakes name as I came and hoped to hell it didn’t echo like I thought it did. I finally finished shaking and coming down, wow after finally getting my much needed orgasm, I drifted off into sleep and my sexual desire was at last quenched for now.

***Jake***

I can’t sleep, why I can’t God only knows? I worked hard today, stripping down the outhouses boiler and made sure the out buildings all had power and heat where needed and that the lighting was checked. I had Henry fixing the lock he broke, boy is he a God send, he knows where everything is, and what needs doing. For the past ten years, he has spent months here alone, keeping things going, I figure he did the maintenance not the charlatans the old man paid.
I need a warm drink of milk it always helped me sleep when Mom made it me. I am making it, when I hear the wolves making a noise. Either it is them or the foxes. The female foxes when they cry sound like a tearful woman, as I head towards Riley’s quarters, I realise the screams are hers, and are not those of a woman in shock or pain, these are the pleasurable moans…
Someone is having an orgasm and I smile. I then really smile, because it’s my name she’s calling out. Wow, we have that ‘thang’ my old buddy Detective always used to say to his prey, as he chatted them up, “Come on Baby you know we have a thang.” I don’t think it ever worked as a chat up line either, I could be wrong though. Boy, I need to sleep and now thanks to her pleasurable moans I’m sleeping the second night with a hard on, fuck me…


CHAPTER TWO:


“I need to get my list and I will see you outside in two minutes Riley.” Jake was staring at me again. I looked back too, and my sex pulsed, what he was doing to me. I am finding it hard to fathom out, my usually very logical brain goes as whirly as the sugar being spun in the candy floss machine and it’s turning my brain into the same said lightheaded candy floss mush for a brain...
Never has this ever happened to me, and I mean not ever, not in my whole thirty-two years on earth and if that’s not bad enough for God’s sake, I’ve just bloody well met him, and he is a total stranger. I’m turning into some sort of sex fiend and so in need of sex it’s untrue…Why? 
I have met some really good looking blokes too, even my husband, good looking as he was, never made me throb like that. Perhaps maybe because we didn’t love each other, we were just an arrangement that neither of us had the nerve to call time on. Sometimes I wish I could turn back the clock. I wish too that we’d had sex before we were married, him and his damned principles.
Perhaps the very reason for his abstinence in that department was why we didn’t try before we bought into the marriage thing, because if we had I would have known he was useless in bed, and no, he never hit that spot, not at any time during our miserable marriage, never had I ever climaxed, not as I did when I thought of Jake last night and I know I’m blushing. I had to wonder if I would ever find that true love thing everyone whines on and on endlessly about.
Shush Riley, never speak ill of the dead. Bringing myself out of my wanderings quickly and before my thoughts wandered to Jake again, oh my sex stopped thumping and my rage built again, damn that man, and damn me for being a walking sex machine, it’s too late, because I was fantasizing about him again. I needed to get in my car before I have an orgasm just watching Jake again. Oh, heck I’m lusting after the tall handsome stranger. He came out of his room, smiled and yes, I smiled back. His face looked at mine and I was so close, his lips were just there, I could lean over and kiss him, just a peck? Nope that was so not happening!
I sighed because of my work and pleasure ethics it was a stupid fantasy, and there was that big plus thing going on, there was the six months living alone with someone you have fallen out with because you had sex. It makes for a strained relationship, if it fails and it would, because he was a stranger, albeit a tall dark and handsome one. Who for all I knew could be married, gay or I don’t know, he could even be a bloody axe murderer? Riley, we are not messing this up and doing that again ever. He was still looking at me. Go away, you unknown felon you, are making me think rude thoughts about you.
“We will need to take both vehicles Jake. Henry, there are plenty of things for sandwiches in the fridge there, meats, cheeses and bread, with cookies in the pantry there. With some sugary snacks and cakes, will you be alright Henry?”
“I have been looking after myself for over fifty years darling Riley, your concern though touching, is quite unnecessary, I’m sixty-nine and capable of making myself lunch, though your pasta soup was very good. Stop spoiling me, please, I won’t ever want to leave.” We walked towards the backdoor.
“You are the same age as my father, well you would have been had he been still here with me.” I took a deep breath and went to get my bags and lists, in my haste to get away from Jake, I forgot the. I need to get my mind on the job and not on bonking the handyman yup, that would be a good idea Riley, try it?
Looking at the old chap in front of me, he reminded me of my father too, the harsh weathered look of his skin, the drawn features of his face. All signs of being in the elements. I’m betting he likes a tot of whiskey of an evening too. I sighed and headed for the door, I forgotten to put on my coat and comfortable warm boots, the snow and sleet were coming down. Yes, and I had my slippers on, damn it…
“Riley, you may want to change your slippers. Those rabbits don’t look that warm nor very waterproof.” Gah, I was an imbecile. Great, I was a dumb blonde idiot. I had followed Jake’s butt, I was hypnotised by those pert buttocks, oh hell this is gonna be hard, he was laughing at me shut up Jake, oh how easily I could go off someone…
I head back into the house, I looked at Henry, as he ate his breakfast, and he was smiling and happy. Not even two days ago, he was a stranger, now I’m looking at him like a replacement father; he was someone I could perhaps talk to of an evening, as I did with my dad? We’d talk about everything, he was so proud at my army career.
My sister and sister in law, had given them, or rather our mother, the required grandchildren, before the pair of them died. My brother was carrying the family name into the next generation of Scottish gamekeepers too, with his three boys, so there was never pressure on me to provide. I was happy being Aunty Riley, the cool aunty who went to war and was a captain in the army, firing guns and riding in tanks.
My nephews Alec, who is fifteen, then there are William and Alistair, who are thirteen-year old twins, they all loved me coming home on visits, the girls Sarah and Bryony, are also twin twelve year olds and the last time I saw them was well over ten years ago, ten years of tears have passed since that awful last time I saw my family, when I was finally allowed home to visit my parents graves…
I will not remember bad thoughts, I will be hard strong and resilient, I am a fighting hard soldier. I do not do emotion and strife, but hell I loved those kids, I tried to see them and yes, I had sneaked back home to see them, but I never saw them. I sent gifts and presents to the big house I hoped they got the gifts from Aunty Rifle Riley. Alice and Alistair were still in the same small village we grew up in, and are both working on the same family’s estate, marrying their childhood sweethearts Gordon and Heather.
Me, I was happy running wild on the moors, helping dad with the animals and running with the dogs. They were fifteen years older than I was and were also twins. Me, I was just their scabby kid sister, who father idolised, and mother fussed over. I snap out of it as I hear that sexy voice calling me around...
“What’s on your mind Riley you looked kind of lost there for a minute?” Oh I don’t know Jake, just sex and you, oh and my family?
“Nothing I was just thinking of how much Henry reminds me of my late father and remembering the good times. Come on, we need to get to town.” He shrugged his shoulders and we got in our cars. I followed Jacob through the grounds to the dirt roads, which were now covered in snow and slush from the rain, it was a good job my four by four was able to cope. Hitting the main highway was a breeze as I followed him straight into the main town square, pulling over as he signalled to the diner opposite. We parked up and went in for decent coffee.
“I don’t know about you, but I could go a cup or two before I start shopping for the stuff we need Riley.” I had a manly arm guide me to a booth.
“I’m with you on that Jake. I hated leaving Henry, because he looks so lonely. I’m thinking too that he could perhaps sleep in the house tonight. It’s warmer and he can have a bath and relax at night, what do you think, he seems a nice old man?”
“Yes, I was going to ask you. I know it got pretty damn cold last night, I was up most of the night I couldn’t sleep, hearing a wailing sound in the kitchen whilst making myself a cup of warm milk, it sure sounded like they were having fun those wolves or foxes.” Hell, he’d heard me fuck myself into oblivion with Slim…
“Yeah, I heard them too, sounded like they were having a good time though I drifted off after my bath pretty quickly and I guess we will hear sounds all the time?”
“I guess they better stop shouting what sounded like Jake though, that kinda freaked me out, the last scream sounded pretty damn frenzied.” Oh boy, kill me now... I was saved as the server came and gave us coffee, Jake ordered a full breakfast, me I ordered pancakes and bacon.
“You looked sad when you talked about your father, what happened, unless you find it too hard for to talk about Riley?” His concern was touching.
“My father was driving mother home from a very rare night out and he lost control of the car and they died, when they went over the side of a mountain. Ten, sorry nearly eleven years ago, and I’m still not sure how he managed it, he was an excellent driver. Perhaps he swerved to stop hitting a deer, or something. Nobody knows, as no witnesses came forward and it had been raining and snowing, kind of like this so there was very little evidence when the police finally found their car. It was far worse for me though, because I was in Iraq at the time and couldn’t get back for weeks, my family and I fell out over me not rushing back. 
That was what I hated about the army life the separation from family. My husband, well fiancé at the time attended their funeral for me. Both my brother and my sister were spitting feathers, because I couldn’t be bothered to attend their funeral. I didn’t know they had died until after they had buried them, well Allan attended for me and tried to explain they were trying to get to me, but they just didn’t understand, did they not see the evening news, the night and day bombings were horrendous.”
“You’re married Riley? I didn’t think to ask.”
“I was and for six years, but actually because of different units and branches we hardly ever saw each other. Then he died whilst on a tour of duty in Afghanistan, his unit was attacked in Kandahar, their land rover was blown off the road when it hit a land mine, he was killed instantly, as were three others from his unit. It’s part of the course being in today’s military having to deal with those awful places.”
“Shit sorry, Riley how did you deal with it?”
“As well as you can, if you lose your husband and child in the same month. We were both over there in the same country just different places and units, he was in Kandahar. Me, I was in Kabul and at the time of his death undergoing a military inquiry into some bad things that had happened to me, which I don’t want to discuss. I came out of the army on a medical discharge soon after.
I ran home to Canada after the falling out with my family in Scotland. My time was spent with my grandparents here was always the best time ever for me and decided to join the Canadian Police; it was I thought what I needed. You know the same regimented life style? Doing nothing was killing me, but I had enough of that too, after a short while, I got fed up of rules for us and rules for the scum on the streets.”
“You lost your child too, that must have been hard?” I had only told this to two other people and the stranger opposite was the third…
“I had a miscarriage the week after I brought his body and those of his fallen comrades back, and on the day I buried him too. I don’t know how it happened? I had they harshest pains in my stomach and I lost the child, it was a stress thing apparently? I was, as you can imagine, devastated for quite a while, but got over it and carried on. I found it to be pointless getting sentimental over something not meant to be.
I’d lost my career, my child and my husband. I was not in a good place and drank a little. How can you carry on without help dealing with those kinds of massive losses? I knew though drinking was not the answer and that I had to get my head together, my grandparents needed to see me happy again. Do you know Jake, you’re the only one I have ever told that too apart from Gram and Grandy? I kept it all to myself. Tell me about you Jake, why did you come out of the navy then and the Seals?” He was giving me the pity face nahah, not going there, I’m over it.
“Easy… Too old, thirty-eight is just too old for doing that shit all the time. I was going to join NCIS, but Dad needed help at home and with the business, so helped him out for a while. He was ill and kept it to himself for such a long time, he never said a goddamned thing, and when he died I hadn’t the heart to continue. I sold the farm because it was too damn big, and a cattle company offered real good money, which was too good to turn down, there was no other family to pass it on too, or I would have. 
I never wanted to be a famer, Dad said it was in his blood, but it wasn’t in mine and no amount of trying was going to make me a goddamn farmer, adoption is not too good for blood ties to the land apparently? They adopted me at birth, when Mum and Dad found out they couldn’t have children. I didn’t find that out either, until I went to join up. I knew then why farming wasn’t in my blood, I didn’t have his blood, and it damn near broke my heart when I found out. They had to tell me when I applied for my first passport, as I didn’t have a birth certificate, just an adoption thing, and I carried a chip for quite a while.
I acted up for them, through collage and well the Navy sorted me out and I had found my calling. I was heartbroken for a long, long time, only realising when Mum died, how much they both loved me and wanted me, but at the time I thought it was a damn big thing to keep hidden your parentage.” I sighed, because he was hurting, the pain was in his eyes, and my damn hand was over his, fuck.
“Then I got this job, I have no ex wives, no children, not yet anyways, that’s the only good thing about coming out. I can, if I’m lucky enough to find a girl and settle down, to start one with, but for now it’s just me, so with money from house and business sales in the bank, finding out I got this job was perfect.” I smiled. I too had a huge amount of money in bank, but it didn’t buy me happiness, nor could it bring back my family.
“I’m adopted too, I only found out when my parents died, when my brother’s acid tongued wife, said I wasn’t even their child. Why should I get any of the money my parents left me, and my mother’s jewellery? I was shocked to say the least and well, I phoned my grandparents and it was all true. They had ‘adopted me.’
My story makes for a hallmark moment. A young girl turned up ready to deliver me, at their trek centre. She was apparently ill and starving, she had no family and she didn’t want a baby and as it happened my mother was there visiting when she asked her if she would take me and raise me with love and bring me up as theirs? 
The girl wanted the baby as far away from her as possible. The poor girl was a victim of a rape, me being the consequence of that foul man’s actions and all she saw was her attacker in my eyes, the poor girl, was distraught. She never held me, and she never wanted to hear from my parents again. I’m my mother’s official child as I was registered as hers, it quite common for people to deliver in their own homes in the mountain areas of Canada, so no questions were ever asked. 
When they died my parents, I decided to try to trace her, but I didn’t know where to start. They didn’t know her name and she left the day after I was born, and they never saw her again. All she left me was this necklace of St. Eithne, she’s an Irish saint apparently, and the young girl had an Irish accent too, so I had very little to go on and a mountain of questions. I only know as much as I did because my grandma delivered me, the day after the woman left me with my mother and they fraudulently registered me as hers, both here in Canada and in England too.
The local doctor signed the correct forms, when the snowdrifts cleared three weeks later, mother had bonded with me, and when the time came, she couldn’t and wouldn’t part with me. The lord up above is the only one who knows how the girl got out alive or even if she did get out alive, but she was resourceful and took hiking gear, supplies and cleared out the till in the café that they had attached to the trek centre.
Therefore, I consider myself bought for whatever was in the cash register. So, for all intent and purpose I am Anne Riley Summers, I to this date haven’t spoken to either my brother or sister or their partners, nor seen my nieces or nephews, since my last visit home.” I sighed because I didn’t know who I was and who she was.
“Hell, it’s a small world then Riley, we are both unwanted children, given to over loving parents, mine loved me to pieces. I just wasn’t cut from the same cloth to be a dirt hound. Farming and me, was a no-go area.” We had a sort of connection, unwanted by our birth parents, though Jake wasn’t forth coming on his birth parents and I have a feeling he knew more than he told me, it was his business, not mine. I changed the mood and talked about the job.
“I couldn’t believe it when I got the call to say I’d got the job, there was no face to face interview, and it was all done over phone and by email. Even the instructions to the house were emailed and I have only had a few phone calls, so I half expected this place to be a dump or nonexistent. A set of keys for the car, were special delivered to my home, along with, a credit card, air tickets and an instruction manual too and here I am.” 
“Saying that, about it being too good to be true? Well, I thought the same thing. I got my keys and instructions delivered to my home a week ago. I had to pick up the RV at the airport and in there were a whole load of instructions on what needed doing here. A credit card to be used for everything, and three months to get the house ready, I had to wonder if it was a joke too, but hell what did I have to lose?” He watched the room, ever vigilant and I noticed him watching me, as I stared out of the window.   
“We need to be getting these lists done, when are the decorators in? I need to work around them Jake.”
“There’s three crews coming in tomorrow, joiners, decorators and electricians. Each floor is having a different crew on and all will be done in two months. The choices of paints and paper are already chosen, the old man wanted the house putting back to its original state. There is an electronics crew coming in, you know to fix the lights the chandeliers and things, there are a few needing to be fixing and new ones are going in to replace the broken ones. 
This has cost the estate a small fortune. The security is being done and satellite installed by four of my friends and sorry, but they arrive in the next couple of days too, they will need a room to bed down in my place, isn’t big enough for that bunch. Is that alright Riley?” I nodded, the more the merrier. “Apparently money is no object the family will be living in luxury, the furniture is in storage and I believe you have to get delivered when ready?” I nodded as our breakfast arrived.
“This looks wonderful, thank you very much Deloris.” She topped up our coffees
“You’re more than welcome Sugar, are you new to these parts? What brings a cute couple like you two up here?”
“Oh, we...” Jake cut me off.
“…We have just moved into Moor House, a ways outta town, we’re helping to fix it up for the old man’s relatives to move into for the summer.”
“Argh, that’s old man St Pierre’s place. Lordy may, it’s been empty a whiles. Poor man, such a nice man too, all that way out and no family, he was very lonely after his wife died. He took to keeping himself to himself after her passing. He was such a nice man too but lonely. I didn’t think he had family only his idiot son, and him being a troubled young man, angry and a nasty piece of work too. Him getting in a bar fight, over the border and being shot dead, was what sent him loopy, that and something the idiot did abroad, he was always drunk.
Shush, get me I’m just a gossiping ole hag, you should never speak ill of the dead, but he was a bad seed that one. Harry never mentioned other family and I know nobody came to see him or he never mentioned them, he and Killy used to be in here all the time, he loved my apple pie and peach cobbler did old Harry, well don’t keep away, it’s nice having you here, there’s plenty for a nice young couple to do here.”
“We will Deloris, it was very nice getting acquainted, and you’re not an old hag, it is nice knowing who lived in our place out there.” He tucked into his breakfast. She left with a skip in her walk, he’d charmed her with just a few damn words, and yes, I was moist again.
“I wasn’t aware we were a couple.” He smiled, and I wished.
“If you come in here on your own, you won’t get bothered, the waitress Deloris, who actually does gossip and loves it, she will tell folks your part of the couple who have just moved in, so there will be less fuss for you if I’m not here with you Riley.”
“Oh, forward thinking Jake. I hadn’t thought of that, but I am able to break a man’s arm with very little difficulty. I don’t need a man’s protection Jacob Moore.”
“Umm, Anne Summers, don’t get your panties in a twist, I didn’t for one-minute think you did.”
“Quit with the knickers jokes thank you Jacob.” He laughed as we ate. He was charming company and judging from the looks he was getting from the young women and old alike, I think he told them that, to keep them away from him.
I was full to bursting and hyperactive from the coffee, and horny as hell watching him eat. His long legs touching mine under the small table. I need to get supplies; including more batteries, Slim looks like he will need them. Jake pays for breakfast and throws his arm over my shoulder leading me from the diner.
“Thanks, Riley I won’t presume to do that again, but having you on my arm stops the asking for a date.” I was missing something, he could have a fine old time he was young and single.
He went his way and I shopped fit to bursting in the hypermarket here. Putting the seats down, the car was packed. I do not like the two-hour round trip to town just to shop, so I bought things in bulk and plenty of fresh meat for the freezers, because we would have more mouths to feed, as his friends were due to arrive soon too.
I will hunt for deer and stock the hanging larder with the odd goose or duck as they seem to be plentiful too and the river is probably good for fishing? The gardens are way out of control, and the massive walled greenhouse has since seen better days, but I’m itching to get in and plant. I am determined to be happy here, it has everything I need now, company if I need it and solitude if I don’t, sheisk what company too.
I’d purchased more bedding, I’m sure the lads will come prepared, but never hurts to have it in, besides there will be plenty of beds needing it, my headaches thinking of the mammoth task ahead and all the things needed for the kitchen and cleaning of the place, if the crews were coming in daily they could bring in supplies too. I had to concentrate on Jake, Henry, the new men and me for meals. As I was putting the last things in the back, Jake pulled in. His smile was all that and then some.
“Are you ready for the next exciting date I take you on? Let’s get us to the pound for these cats then, it seems we need a couple of big and burley cats for mouse patrol.” I laughed.
“It would be kind of stupid getting kittens. Some of the rats I’ve seen are massive. Are you going to look at a dog too? The Kennels need some fixing they have seen better days and leak.”
“Another damn thing to add to my never-ending list of jobs to do but no, it can stop in my place, in the work shop, it’s warm and dry. Come on let’s get us some pets woman.”
We pulled up to hear the barking from the kennels out back. Oh, I would take them all home if I could. After an initial chat, we are approved to take two dogs and four cats, and they would be around to do a home check tomorrow, great pandemonium day. Jake and I headed for the kennels, as he looked at the dogs, he like me wanted to take them all home with us. I fell in love with a golden retriever cross, called Dolly. She was found abandoned and tied to the main road, she was beautiful and as she jumped up, she whimpered. I looked at Jake, with puppy dog eyes, and she was mine.
“You do realise she will be a working dog Riley?”
“I know but look at these eyes Jake can I have her pleaseeeeee?” He laughed at me, 
“Only, Riley if I can have Demon here?” Oh, the name didn’t sound too good. “He’s called Demon because he likes to run and not come back until he’s ready Riley. Look both dogs are good with children and cats.” We were able to take them for a walk and they got on great, as were Jake and me. I get busy throwing the ball for them and Demon lived up to his name and only came in for treats. After an hour of dog walking, we went in search of the cats, which were an easy find. As soon as I saw the three sisters all cuddled in one cage, I knew they were mine.
“These three have to go together, and they look like Porridge and Oats, my cats from when I was little. Can we take these please? They have a lot of work to do as the house is full of mice.” The woman looked relieved.
“Nobody wants three cats all at once, and they have to go together, are you sure?” Jake smiled.
“We’re sure, they have a whole heap of house to rid of the pesky vermin, and two apartments to free of mice, and then they have the attics and cellars. They are going to love it, we have some feral cats on the property will they be alright?”
“Yes, they were all just neutered, and these are house cats, it seems like they will have plenty of house to go at.” I looked at all the others, but these were the ones for me. We bought all the food needed bowls and beds and leashes for the dogs. We paid the adoption fees and smiled, subject to house inspection they were ours.
“I hope you and your wife will like your new additions Mr Moore.” I smiled and gave him the look.
“You didn’t think to put her right sailor? This army captain is going to kick your arse if you keep doing it.” He had a huge grin on his face.
“I don’t doubt that for a moment Riley. Let’s get the food home and unloaded, we have a busy day tomorrow, the lads are arriving to do security, set the satellite system up and sort out the internet problem, the decorating crew are starting on your downstairs rooms along with the electrician, so we’re in for a busy couple of days.” We headed home.
Funny really, of all the homes I had lived in, this is the only one I felt comfortable in. It was a rundown ruin and I was happy. Having been brought up in a beautiful Scottish castle, and living in the gamekeeper’s cottage, I’d lived in student digs, in army barracks and married quarters, never has anywhere ever felt so much like home, not in a long, long time.
I wonder how Jacob feels about the place; he doesn’t give much away, though I do note he watches a lot. But, if I notice he is watching me, does that mean I am watching him? Yeap, as sure as peas are peas, he does; but I need to watch them both, they are both strangers. I wonder how Henry went on today, as he has been alone for hours?
I will sort him a bedroom out, he can have the pick of the rooms, after all, he will be gone before the new owners have arrived and it is only for a short while. The ride home was uneventful apart from spotting a herd of deer on the drive through the grounds, I may spend the day hunting, we need the larder filling, and I wonder if Henry hunts, I’ll ask him later. 
“You have been busy Riley let me give you a hand.” Henry came to help me with the supplies. Jake had already pulled around to the entrance to his workshop and was unloading there. An hour of unpacking and making sure everything had a place. I was able to start on supper. “Did you call in at the shelter Riley? Are we to have pets?”
“We have two Labrador crosses Dolly and Demon, who are beautiful. I’m so in love with Dolly already, and three cream and grey cats to run the house. I think the person who had them liked the musical Cats. The three sisters are called, Rum, Tum, and Tugger. They are really nice I do wonder though if the new owners will go mad?” He smiled.
“Chances are they won’t mind, everyone likes pets, besides they can always stop in your quarters when they are in the house, or the cellars, the house is plenty big enough for the lot of them. The dogs will be good for security too, and for keeping the wolves and foxes away, as well as the cougars and everything else that comes down from the mountain.” He had a point.
“Henry, did you manage to get the curtains down whilst I was out? He smiled.
“I did the ones in the lounge as you asked me to do and none can be saved, so they went in the furnace along with the all the other burnable rubbish. The whole ground floor curtains and lace panels are down and are awaiting burning. None could be saved, one wash and they would be in tatters, as you said dear girl, a decade is an awfully long time, with any luck the bedrooms fared better! Though I highly doubt it Riley.”
“Henry thank you, you have been busy. I have a budget to replace all curtains. I did hope some could be saved, but they were neglected for far too long, perhaps new is best, after all the new decor will require new curtains, but oh the cost.” 
“Dear girl anyone would think you are spending your own money, what did they say about buying things for the house?” I sighed.
“That they expected it to cost a small fortune. There are things coming from storage, bedding etc. Everything here needs looking at from the attic down. I may start up there tomorrow, down here is going to be bedlam. Especially with the woman from the pound coming for a house check and the navy buddies of Jakes are arriving too. I need to sort those rooms out and you need to pick a room too, and I will in fact sort that out, you’re sleeping in here tonight, it’s much too cold out there. No arguments.” He smiled.
“I wouldn’t mind the room at the back the blue room, it was the old man’s room and he said it was the quietest in the house, plus the fire in there looks like it will be toasty in the night are you sure you want me in the house?” 
“Both Jake and I, we think your good stuff. So yes, you can come in the house, we will get your room done, the bed is still in that room, strange that, all the other rooms are empty that room is virtually untouched?  I will bring a basket of wood up, the beddings on the staircase ready to take up; I wasn’t sure which room you would pick.” He left me to do our dinner, coming down for the wood to start the fire. The house was at last toasty everywhere apart from the entrance, the drafts were awful in there. I light the fire and watched the flames jump to life, in here will soon be toasty too I made their food.
“Supper is ready, Jake, Henry come and get it.” With that, the door is rattled, with the mighty loud thumping of it.
“Manners get this God damned door open, my balls are dropping off; this cold is freezing my nipples off.” They banged again.
“Come on Manners get this fucking door open, unless you want to surgically stitch my balls back on?” I opened the door to four burley sailors, so obviously his old comrades.
“Shit Ma’am, sorry Ma’am we thought this was where Manners was stationed?” I laughed.
“If you mean Jacob, then yes he is here come in please you must be his communications and security detail?”
“Ma’am yes we are, I’m Nightmare, to you Donald Knight, Ma’am, this is Peanut, Paul Savoy, that’s Shark, John Turner and finally that’s Detective, and the reason he is called Sam Spade and yes that’s his real name.”
“Welcome to Moor House...” With that, Jake came from the kitchen.
“I see you guys have met Riley, these are the best bunch of guys a man can ever have fighting his corner, and this guys, is Captain Riley Summers, a British Army Combat, so no messing with her and yes, she knows how to shoot, so why are you early?” He was being slapped and man handled by his friends.
“You’re just in time for supper I can throw some more stuff on the stove, come through, I was just saying I needed to sort your rooms out.”
“We will be fine anywhere Ma’am. Just show us a floor and we can get comfy anywhere.” 
“Please, Riley is fine, I’m no longer military, and I have to keep telling Jake that too.”
“We were brought up correctly M... Riley. Something smells mighty fine.” 
“It’s steak, I hope you’re alright with red meat, and with it all the fixings?” He smiled, and they followed me through to the kitchen.
“This is the other house guest, this is Henry Peterson and he too is helping us get the house ready. This Henry is Sam, John, Donald, and Paul and they are Jacobs seal buddies.” They introduced each other and apparently, they use their seal names, it was so confusing. I readied more steaks as they got comfortable around the wooden table, whilst I chopped and made more. Six burley men to feed, I threw the steaks on the plate of the cooker. General opinion, they wanted it still mooing. They tucked in as I carried on cooking, laughter, and chatter as I threw the food in bowls and they helped themselves. I finished with the French fries in a massive bowl and joined them.
“This is fantastic, Riley we could have found our way around the kitchen, and we are house trained all apart from Detective, he still needs house breaking.” 
“Har de har de har de har, you’re so not funny, shark bait.” I laughed at them and ate Henry was grinning ear to ear, he liked the camaraderie I think, well judging from the smile on his face he did?
“We will clear the plates Riley, it’s the least we can do for arriving early, but the weather reports were not too favourable for gaining entry to the wilds of Canada.”
“It’s fine, really it is. Jake, I will need to go into town tomorrow again, we have more to feed, though I saw a heard of grazing deer on the estate, I may go and shoot one of them. You guys need to be eating well.”
“We’ll go into town and grab more supplies, as to the hunting little lady we will do the hunting.”
“Detective, I will have you know I have a hundred per cent kill rate. I am a better shot than most of the men in my squadron, and I can fit a target at thousand meters, preferring normally the comfort of the 600 to 800 meters range shot. I couldn’t be a sniper, as I wasn’t infantry and I didn’t have the required meat and two veg, but I can assure you Samuel I can, and have outshot quite a few men. Boys who were too stupid to think it not possible. Seems like you have thrown down the gauntlet, one I would be happy to pick up.”
“Ewe, she’s busted your chops Detective, Riley please accept our apologies, I’m sure you are a good shot, he isn’t used to women, they are like a damn different species to him, he don’t much understand them, and they don’t like him much either and I’m beginning to understand why now.” Shark slapped his head.
“Apologies, you’re on with the shooting thing choose your weapon, tomorrow we are bringing the meat home, can you butcher it too, or will my help be needed?”
“No help needed, I can skin and butcher what I kill, and I’ve even been known to be able to castrate an old male goat or two in my past.” The lads roared with laughter.
“Leave Riley alone, before you sleep in the Humvee Detective, and it’s freezing here at night. Hell, it’s freezing during the day.” Jake was putting him straight and I think defending me in a roundabout way.
“So… She’s your girl I get the hint, Manners. We keep our distance from your girl.” I was mad as hell, so I went in search of the best room for them to bed down in. I was followed in my rage by Henry.
“Riley, he was pulling your leg.” I gave him a hug.
“I know; he was giving me a headache with all his whining. Do you shoot, Henry? I was going to ask you to join me?”
“I do yes love it in fact, but I only do it to eat, not for just fun. I only kill when I need to eat, and for no other reason. The old man had a fabulous collection of fire arms, he was proud of his Parker Brothers VH Grade, his L.C. Smith Field Grade, they are superb guns for the birds, he has a pair of Purdey James, Side lock Ejector 12 Bore guns. My favourite was the Cosmi Autoloader, it holds eight shots, maybe I like it because I’m lazy. His collection is quite a good one, and some very pricey pieces in there. I’m very surprised they left them all here, but they did. 
Perhaps they didn’t know about the gun cupboard, the old man had it made to look like a storage cupboard, double locks and encased in thick steel, he wanted it safe. Being out here he needed protection, and yes, we used to go shooting, to keep the geese from ruining the place, he practiced humane animal husbandry, but he ate what he shot. We feasted like kings and never paid a cent for it.” He laughed as he showed me his room.
“You know your guns, I like the one I have, but the Purdey’s weren’t there. This is quite cosy, will you be alright, with the fellas down the hall?”
“Yes, the more company the better, there are some bed things in the attic I will bring them down they are very sturdy. The gun case, well it is designed to look like a shelf, the front row at least, then the second one has the normal guns and the third shelf wow has the specials. I will show you it later.” This man must have been a very good friend to the old man who used to live here, he knows so much about guns.
I like him a lot, wonder if he would consider staying on in summer? I feel like my father is talking to me but with a Canadian/French accent instead of the thick Scottish accent my father had. How did he know the guns were still there though? I needed to sort out the bedrooms, so would ask him later.
“We will put them in the big bedroom on the front of the house away from you?”
“Why not put them in what was the west wing, there are four smaller rooms, which are nice and warm now. I noticed that earlier when I did a walk round. The water is clear and hot water is running in all the rooms?”
“Yes, I didn’t think of separate rooms. I was giving them a big room to share. I will get Jake to help you with the beds.” Jake was coming up behind us.
“Sorry about them Riley, they can be a little irksome when they start, especially Detective, he hasn’t a lot of people skills. Oh, this is cosy Henry will you be alright up here?”
 “I will be yes Jacob. Can you give me a hand down with the beds from the attic space they are a little heavy!” They went to do that, and I went to sort out the new coffee machine. All this male testosterone would need coffee. The lads had cleaned and squared away and had found the machine and were setting it up as I came down.
“The beans are in the freezer. You’re in the west wing, there are four rooms all next to each other. Jake, err Manners, is putting the beds in the room, by the time you are ready they will be warmed up and ready for the bedding Jake had me buy today.  
I am going to bed in a minute, there are beers in the fridge and some nice single malt whiskey, a bottle of bourbon, and a bottle of Jack in the pantry. Glasses are over there in the cupboard and be warned, I sleep with a loaded gun at the side of my bed and I know how to use it.” They laughed and bid me a goodnight.
I had a bath and got in my lovely warm bed, safe in the knowledge I had five Navy Seals and an old man who knew about guns guarding me. Bliss it was like being back on the front line again. I laughed and slept.


CHAPTER THREE:


I’m worried and alarmed as I’m abruptly woken up by shots being fired, shit we are under fire. Shit there was no Intel of a possible attack today. I dived under the bed, before I realised that I was actually in a house and not in the middle of a Taliban attack, in Kabul. I climbed from under my bed and had a weepy moment. I collected my thoughts and took in a deep cleansing breath, and then I had a quick wash, got dressed and went to see what world war three was all about.
“Morning Riley; did we wake you? Sorry, but we needed to get an early start, they are starting to install security and the satellite internet system, they will soon have you on line for contact with the outside world, the decorators are here too.” 
“Thanks Jake, what time did you all disappear off to bed then?”
“A little after you went to your rooms, and take it easy, Henry is making breakfast for us.”
“Oh, alright is this going to be a regular thing six o’clock starts?”
“It’s gone eight Riley?” I looked at my watch. It had decided to stop. 
“My watch is bust, damn I need to get it fixed. Someone should have given my door a knock on.”
“We didn’t need you to get up for anything, and we can see to ourselves Riley, please don’t worry yourself. I am sorry about Detective again, he can be a handful and the thing about you and me, sorry about that too. I put them straight when you went to bed, but they have one track minds.”
“I didn’t give it much thought to be honest; you know the thing they thought was going on with you and I Jake. I will get on and help Henry.” I had given it thought, a lot of thought, but I am not going there, work and romance are not a good mix. I walked into Henry cooking up a rare old storm.
“Good morning, did you sleep well Riley? I slept very well. The bed and room were both excellent, so I got up with the birds this morning full of energy and I decided to make breakfast for everyone, please sit, here take these a fresh batch of pancakes.”
“Thank you Henry, you really don’t need to, it’s my job to look after you.”
“You do, this is just a thank you. Riley please enjoy being fused over, there’s bacon under the dish there and here is the maple syrup, scrambled eggs are there, there’s fried mushrooms, toast, beans, sausage cakes and hash browns too. I’d forgotten how good it is to cook for so many people.” 
He finished and called the others to get theirs, they bounded in from the back, the sides and front of the house. I sat and watched as the attached the food with gusto. We definitely need more food in, because it’s like feeding time at the zoo.
“Good morning Riley, this place is wonderful, and in the middle of nowhere. Did we wake you? Sorry, we tried not to start banging until as late as possible, but well we needed to start.” 
“My watch has stopped working, I need it fixing. I will leave it in the jewellers in town when I go in again, but for now I would appreciate it if one of you could knock when you decide you’re getting up.”
“None of us wanted shooting. We left you to it, we didn’t want a hospital visit, and I’m rather partial to my balls Riley.” I laughed because I’d forgotten I told them I sleep with a gun at my bedside.
“Very wise fellas but knock if I’m not up tomorrow.” Jake came in and sat by me, the others giving him that look. I know I’m looking at him, but I can’t help myself. Talk to him Riley, so you don’t just look like your lusting after him.
“Did you all sleep, and were you warm enough?” They did and like me had slept in a lot worse places. They talked as they ate, and I watched their camaraderie and smiled as Henry joined in the chatter.
“We need to sort out a plan for the security needed on this place; it’s a God damn massive job Manners.” Jake murmured his reply under his breath, a very heartfelt reply.
“It is a bigger job than I thought, but for some reason the old man wants his relatives looking after, when they didn’t give a shit about him.” I laughed.
“Why are you laughing Riley?” I looked at Henry as he’d asked the question.
“Jake’s right, that sweet old man is looking out for them from the grave and whilst he was alive, they couldn’t be bothered coming from their nice warm home to see the man. They don’t deserve this. Just because they happen to be related, they should have given the dear man a thought whilst he was alive.” Henry smiled.
“Perhaps dear Riley they didn’t know about him? He was a loner, he was in the nursing home ten long years, the last five he was a little crazy and forgetful, but he always knew who I was, when I visited. Don’t worry yourself Riley. They may be very nice people for all we know?” I nodded my head. I shouldn’t let myself get so wound up about it all really, but the thought that the old man was on his own made me sad. At least Jake and I agreed on that issue.
“I need to get the pots done and start on the attics, there’s a lot to do up there, and I do wonder why they weren’t put in storage?”
“Perhaps because there is nothing of great value in there Riley, can I show you and Jake the gun cupboards first?” I smiled as Jake and I followed him through, the lads were finishing off the last of the breakfast morsels. 
“This is just an old built in cupboard Henry, the gun cupboards over there.” I looked on as he pulled the top shelf and they opened up. He took my keys from me and opened the door well hidden by the shelves.
“Be prepared to be amazed, the others used as an ammunitions locker only.” The first racks were filled with some nice rifles and crossbows; he opened the hinged door to another rack of very nice hunting rifles, and the third door, wow, as Henry had said, it is a very nice, very expensive range of guns. 
“My God these are so beautiful and my lord very expensive, these I am going to have to spend some quality time cleaning and admiring. Henry thank you for remembering these. I do wonder why they weren’t in storage and why nobody has attempted to steal these? There’s a lot of money here. These alone are worth tens of thousands of pounds that one alone is worth about fifty thousand.
I love the old man and I have never met him, he was a man after my fathers and my heart.” They both laughed as I fawned over the guns and at the very back the ammunition. “Shut up you two. The new Laird, his Lordship, had a pair of these Purdey’s and I was allowed to shoot them the last time I went back to the castle, being as I knew a little about shooting them, being I was a soldier an all. His father, the old Laird knew I could shoot to kill with them, even at thirteen his son was and probably still is a poxy shot.
Patronising little petty bastard, he was only mad at me because as a thirteen-year old girl, I whooped his arse in a shooting competition, he said it was a fluke, oh but my reward was a day with the old Laird shooting his wonderful guns. I had a great day and he stopped at home sulking. He was a smarmy little mardy arse. I wonder if he’s grown up a bit?” They both continued to laugh as I rant. “Right lock it up Henry, I have work to do and I as tempting as the thought is of a day stripping and cleaning these is, it’s a job for another day, besides it will give me something to do of a weekend.”
“The guys and me, we’re going into Calgary at the weekend, they want to party. I think I’m the designated driver. You’re more than welcome to join us Riley?” I watched as Henry locked the cupboard and handed back my keys.
“No thanks Jake, I wouldn’t want to cramp their style. No, you go and enjoy yourselves. If you want I can drive you all in and pick you up?”
“I don’t drink much Riley, I’ve never been one for alcohol really, seen too many of the lads come back to base in a sorry state and had to field requests from the numerous girls, days after as to where their dates were.” I laughed, 
“I had to pull a few of my men, for pretending to be officers, when girls were for want of a better word, lied to, to get them in bed.” He made a fake shocked face and we went about our jobs for the day.
I busied myself bringing box after box of stuff from the attic, most was just junk, old newspapers, broken vases and old broken crap. The nursery stuff was beautiful and quite old; surely, this should have been stored? I took it to Jakes store it needed stripping and refinishing, the damp had stained the beautiful old oak. In fact, I fancied my hand at starting it. At the back of the now emptied attic there was an old tea chest of photos and papers. I was struggling to bring it down, when Nightmare came behind me and offered to help shift it for me.
“That would be nice it’s really heavy, can you put it in my quarters, and I’ll look through it later.”
“It would be my pleasure, you sure you don’t want to come out with us Saturday?” I nodded.
“Quite sure, but thanks for asking though. I don’t drink and find watching drunks all night mind bogglingly boring.” He laughed.
“We are very entertaining drunks we band of brothers, I assure you we are not boring at all, a tad bit of a handful, but we have Manners to keep us in check and he will. That boy was a born worrier.” I smiled as the door was being knocked upon.
“Excuse me whilst I get that, this place is Bedlam.” I went to answer it, and two ladies from the rescue centre were stood in the snow. “Please come in, the place is a little manic today, the decorators are in, as are the electricians and security is being started today too. Please come through to my quarters, we can speak in a there it’s loud out here. This is where the cats will be until the work is done, the dogs will be in Jakes quarters, like mine but through the other side of the kitchen, to your left there, mine are here to the right.”
“Oh, so you’re not married to Mr Moore then?” I laughed, in my dreams I am and having his children and have been having the same dream over and over for the past few days, phew I’m worn out after getting my own relief in afterwards.
“No, I’m the housekeeper here and Jake is the steward come handyman.” The ladies both looked at each other and murmured oh, “That isn’t going to be a problem is it?”
“No, not at all and from the grounds, I think Dolly and Demon are going to be very happy here, the three cats will need to stop in here for a few days, perhaps a week or so, they are quite timid things.” I nodded.
“They will be in here until the decorators are through and the security is in place. They may get trodden on or escape and I can’t have that.” The inspection over, and having passed, we could pick them up tomorrow. We were official pet owners. I did the happy dance just as Jake passed the door and he laughed, how dare he, he laughed at my happy dance. “We passed inspection and can pick them up tomorrow.”
“Great, we can go in my car and get them, the dogs will have more room in mine, and the cat carriers can go on the back seat.” I smiled and went to make the supper for everyone, as the decorators were leaving, and the house was beginning to calm down again. I did the mammoth man mountain supper/dinner and laid it out for the lads, Henry and the others tucking in and helping themselves, they chatted about their careers and their families and as they chatted, I watched.
“Have you any brothers or sisters Riley?” I smiled.
“I have a brother and a sister who are fifteen years older than me and they live in the castle I was raised in still. My brother took over from my father as gamekeeper to the Laird, and my sister took over from my mother as cook. They are home birds and have hardly been out of the country and can’t even be bothered coming to see our grandparents here. Me, being the baby of the family had to come with Mum when she came, but I loved it here. Then me being so much younger than those two, they were not as accommodating of me as they should have been. I was a little spoilt; they are twins and are as thick as thieves and happy with each other, they didn’t need nor want me.”
“You don’t get on with them?” Henry looked at me with sad eyes.
“I get on with their children better than I do the two of them, mainly because I’m cool Aunty Rifle Riley, but they were always, I don’t know, a little more distant with me, and I never knew why. I had never given it much thought. Mum and Dad never told me I was sort of adopted and why would they, because until their death, I knew no different and I never questioned my past!
I was always loved and adored by my parents, but those two, well they were really strange odd bods and far too clingy to each other, and sometimes they didn’t even have to speak, and they seemed to know what other wanted, as I said odd bods, and I was never allowed into their lives much. It explained a lot about why I felt so different growing up around the two of them. When I found out they weren’t my siblings, through my bitch of a sister in law.
When I went home after they had died; my parents they left a lot of money, being the frugal Scot he was, my father he left us a lot of money. Well she argued with Alistair, my brother, that I shouldn’t get a penny, nor any of mum’s jewels, as I wasn’t really their legal child. I never knew any different, not until that dreaded conversation between the four of them.  
That day my world turned upside down and well I never went back after confirming it all with my mother’s family.” I sighed. “That was a sad day, finding out I didn’t know who I was. I wouldn’t know where to start tracing the woman who gave me to my mother to raise and register as hers. She never gave them her name and very little information, so I’m stuck being Anne Riley Summers.
I always hoped that one day she would go back to the lodge and ask about me. My grandparents still have it, and should God forbid anything happen to them, I will go back there and take over the centre, or before if they need me, but I have cousins and family who live nearby who help Grams and Gramps. I keep my fingers crossed they live a good few more years.
I hope my birth mother does go back or gets in touch, if just to say thank you for giving me to my parents, who loved and cared for me so well… No hard feelings, she did what she did for both herself and her sanity and my safety. I think she is a wonderful, brave and strong person, one day, perhaps, one day she will come back and at least ask about me. I have to hope so anyway.”
Henry sighed and patted my hand, the lads looked shocked and stunned, and they weren’t the only ones, because the information had tripped off my tongue so matter-of-factly. Manners looked at me and smiled. Sheisk it feels better to share, and I seem to be doing that a lot lately.
“I was adopted too, Riley as I said the other day, though I never actually wanted to trace the man who put me up for adoption. I was told by mum and dad, my birth father had given me up for adoption when his wife died in childbirth, he did not want me. I never wanted to find him, unlike you I can’t forgive him for that, though I did get a great woman raise me and a father I loved dearly, my mum and dad were just that my parents.”
“Perhaps he had his reasons Jake? The adoption agencies never tell the whole tale. I am just happy to know you had loving parents the pair of you. I will, if you don’t mind Riley and gentlemen bid you goodnight it’s been a long day and quite hectic for my old bones.” I smiled as he patted my hand.
“Alright Henry, see you in the morning. We have a busy day tomorrow too, with pets to pick up, decorators in, and this bunch of reprobates running amok in the house.” They all laughed and bid Henry good night. I cleared the dishes and washed the pots then I too left the rabble to it.
I hadn’t thought about being adopted in quite a while, yet tonight it just tripped of my tongue to tell a bunch of strangers I was adopted, it shocked me a little. I sighed and looked at the tea chest of stuff from the attic and after a hot bath and getting into fresh pj’s I had a quick look see.
There were several photo albums and estate papers, from decades ago. This had been the St Pierre home from the day it was built and had been handed down from generation father to son for the past two hundred years, what a shame it was now going to a distant cousin. I put the things on the table and looked in to the chest. The first thing I saw was family portrait, an old photograph of the family, a very young family.
The child was in a Victoriana costume, no it wasn’t a costume, it was dated on the back as taken in 1890, it was an old original Victorian photo, and the child looked quite cute. I had enough delving into the tea chest and went to bed, I was too tired for more and exhausted from a day of rubbish removal.
I slept like a log, to be woken by Jake at seven, as requested. My rifles were now locked in the gun cupboard, so he was safe, sleeping with just my side arm under my pillow. Yes, they were quite safe. I made them breakfast and boy could they eat. My phone bleeped, and I ran to the stairs and hung over the banister. The guys had followed and were laughing at my acrobatics.
“Get the damned phone lines in; make it your priority lads. Go away; I look like a deranged idiot.” They did as I’d asked, slapping Jakes back because apparently, he was over concerned that I’d fall?
“Hello, Riley speaking how can I help you?”
“Hi, it’s Reclaimed to Society, we have a small problem Ms Summers, the dogs have some sort of viral thing. Tum and Rum need a few day’s rest, they have had their stitches looked at and they are infected, can we put off your coming for them for a week. Tugger is fine, she’s the only one with no problems?”
“Yes, it may even be better the grunt work should be all but done then.”
“Great we will see you next week give us a call when you’re on your way for them, and they will be ready.” I was so looking forward to seeing them too. I went to tell Jake, who agreed they did need to be safe.
“I’m going for a walk and having a look see in the grounds Jake. I can’t do much with no light here, and I will see you at lunch time.”
“Take your gun Riley and wrap up.” I smiled.
“Gheeze, I didn’t know you cared Detective? I will sweet cheeks, if you remember to put on your mittens on when you go out. I have spent six months in bloody freezing ice, this is nothing.” I had upset him, and didn’t mean it, but there was just something with how he looked at me, like I wasn’t as good as him?
“Now, now, Riley, he was only concerned.” Henry scolded me.
“Sorry yeah, I am sorry I was looking forward to getting the pets and doing more shopping.” 
“More like you were looking forward to spending alone time with Manners.” Detective muttered, but loud enough for people to hear.
I shot off to change before I popped him on the nose, I was closely followed by Jake, after I heard Detective say, ‘for fucks sake screw her already, and get the tension over with Manners.’ My very thoughts, but to hear someone else say it, I realised I must have been giving off the vibes to everyone including Jake...
I was in my room and angry, Jake followed me through. He too was angry, the air was filled with electricity as something weird took over us, he had headed into me and I ran into him, a spark of need or something unexpected took over and we kissed. I don’t know how or why it happened, but as I fell into his kiss, he kissed me harder, his arms were holding me to him, the heat pulsed through to my sex and my tongue found his.
The deep kisses continued long with the murmurs of delight were the cause of our heated sexual frenzy, it took over as the need overcame us, fuck no, his hands are wandering. No, no I push him away and he doesn’t say a word. He just walks away, well ran would have been a better word. I’m left alone wondering what the hell just happened? What the fuck? I was feeling something I never had before, a passion and warmth for a near stranger and wow his kiss, why the hell did I push him away? 
I changed and decided to go hunting, after checking the coast was clear of course, I headed across the kitchen, noting they had squared away, and I went for my rifle. As it was in his rooms, I knocked, and I went in. There was nobody there, I removed my keys and picked up my rifle and ammunition, I looked at the other guns and smiled.
As I closed the doors, I heard a raised voice coming from the bedroom. Jake’s voice was screaming. I couldn’t leave the room he would hear me or see me, if the door was open, crap, so I hide in the damned gun cupboard.


CHAPTER FOUR:


“I don’t give a fuck; you and I are over do you hear me, over? Come here and I will not be responsible for my actions. Jenny keep away I came here to get away from you and stop ringing this number, strike that I will get another cell, goodbye for the hundredth last time. I hope you’re get the message now?
Yes, yes, there is someone else, a very special someone else. She is nothing like you, her name? You don’t need to know her name, for fucks sake it’s Riley, are you happy now, she is called Riley and is worth ten of you. I am not cheating on you, because there is no us, and there hasn’t been for four months. I swear Jenny never ring and do not come here. Calgary’s a big place and that’s three minutes more of my time wasted on you goodbye.” He threw the phone against a wall, I presume, as I heard the thud and the smash, and then the slam of the door. Who was he mad at and why tell the person he was seeing me, that was very interestingly intriguing, and I do love a puzzle.
I exited the gun room and went back to my room, to put on my boots, waterproofs, orange vest and then I went to do me some hunting. I walked for what seemed an age, and as I could no longer see the house, I presumed I had come a long way. I headed to the woods, and as I did, I saw her, her grace, her stature and her poise as she nibbled at the shoots of greenery poking out of the ground beneath her feet. She was beautiful and lucky for her not on my hit list. I tend to kill young bucks, the doe’s I leave for breeding. I walked on, that’s when she saw me and ran, running at speed and almost hopping out of the woods, which sent a scurry of birds flying into the air, too bad I’m not bird hunting today.
I walk through the woods for about twenty more minutes, I think, damn I need my watch fixed. That was when I spied the young buck with his small antlers marking the bark of the tree, he was too good to miss, too bad he’s busy marking his territory and cannot see me, nor smell me as I’m downwind from him. I take position and as I fire the shot, I pray for his soul, because I may be killing him, but he is feeding me after his death. I needed a clean kill and as the shot rang out, he dropped where he stood.
I walked over to him. He was dead from the front shot to the head. It’s a good job I don’t need a Whitetail Buck deer’s head as a trophy for stuffing and mounting on a stupid plaque. He is about one hundred pounds of warm flesh, judging from his size, damn I didn’t think this through, but hell, I have carried a man for over twenty miles, and he was damn heavier than this deer.
I kneel and as I swing him slowly over my shoulders, he isn’t a bad weight and I pick up my gun and keep it near. I am now prey for the critters that want fresh meat, and his blood will be smelling like an all you can eat buffet for the wolves and other things with teeth. I walk for about an hour, when I am met by Nightmare.
“Here let me get that. That’s a hell of a nice shot, a head shot? We were worried you have been gone all day and the lights fading.” He radioed in that he had me. “Manners is kinda pissed at Detective, that boy can make a monk swear, and to get Manners this riled is unusual. He usually keeps it in tow, his temper.”
“He’s angry at someone called Jenny ringing, not at Detective, but please he doesn’t know I was listening.”
“Umm that explains that then, Jenny Hog is back in the game? Hog by name and nature. Don’t worry I won’t tell him; besides he will tell me eventually.”
“So, she’s bad news?”
“Of the worst kind, she’s the worst possible person for him. She pledged to wait for him when he went away and then sent the poor sap a Dear John, not once but three times. For some reason she has a grip like a fucking saltwater croc on him, because every time he takes her back, and she knows how to play him like a fiddle.” I know I murmured oh, loudly. “She will have heard he’s loaded and wants a piece of the action, please don’t worry Riley I will sort him out.”
“So that’s why is she ringing him, just for his money?”
“Yeah, word will have got back he has sold up, they were back on for a few weeks about four months ago, right after his father’s passing, but he was still on the ranch when she did it again.”
“Again, how many stupid sticks was he beaten with as a child?” Nightmare laughed.
“She’s a looker and a very manipulative bitch.” I murmured oh. “She is damn pretty, in the way men fall for, you know?”
“Busty, blonde hair and likes bed bouncing? The needed b’s, that most men have a hankering for.”
“Kind of, she has a dye job now though.” He laughs again. “He walked in on her fucking his bank manager, they were making nice on the money he had just given her to pay for her mom to go into a nicer healthcare place. Turns out though her mom’s in prison and doesn’t need it, but she played the sympathy card. What with his father dead, he was more vulnerable, he even bought her a brand new, top of the range Audi to get her safely to and from the new nursing home, in the next county as a surprise.
Imagine his surprise as he rocked up to give it her, to find her bare arse was riding that bastard, on his money. He turned tail and headed to New York to me, and he stopped with us for a while. As the farm sale was done, he had nowhere else to go. He gave my wife the car for putting him up. Not that Lana needed a reward; she loves him, it’s not a hard thing to do, love him I mean Riley, because Jake is a very likable guy.
He has a place in her heart and everyone who knows him, Lana is my wife and then there’s Gracie, she loves her godfather. Grace is my daughter by the way. Whilst he was there, he drank a lot and for him that’s so not the usual thing he does, in fact he has been drunk about a dozen times in about the twenty years I have known him.
He drunk texted her telling her what he saw, and that he had a ring, a car and more money than the governor’s son who she was fucking the nuts off and that she had lost out on the money from the ranch sale. She must have been looking for him ever since, but as he kept the same phone, she has used her connections to find him, his dad’s voice texts and pictures are on it, he wouldn’t ever get rid of it.”
“Umm, it’s smashed now and in pieces, shit he’s coming. I don’t know this alright, oh, and will his phone be alright, you know for the pictures?”
“Yes, I will save them. Roger that with the loose lips and all that. Riley, he looks at you kinda differently than he did her, kinda he’s sorta…” 
“...I get it too, we have something that can’t go anywhere, we work together and live together, and we have to get on together. So, mixing it up that way isn’t on the cards for us, friends yes but no more.” He nodded. Manners looked as mad as hell, granted I hadn’t known him long, but he seemed to be genuinely distressed at my absence, and relieved at seeing me alive and well.
“Where the hell have you been, I was worried about you? Did you forget the dark sets in here early? You are open to being stalked by predators, eager to eat your kill and you along with it. Four of us are out looking for you and are prone to being attacked too, are you mad, putting my men at risk with your stupid actions?”
“Aww that’s sweet, thank you Jake, but as you can see, I was busy.”
“Fuck, do you know what time it is? You have been gone all fucking day.”
“My, my you have a potty mouth Jacob Moore, in case it escaped your notice I know how to defend myself, kill something and look after myself. I’m a big girl capable of running a whole company of men, in fact I give orders to between one and two hundred men and boys, just like you, so I know what responsibility is all about? I’m a grown arsed woman and know what I am doing.
I don’t need fucking minders. I am not a weak helpless woman. If you think for one God damned minute, I need you telling me what to do then think again, you do your job I will do mine. I would never put your men at risk, I’m a fucking professional soldier I may not be a fucking Seal, but I know how to kill and keep my men safe. I do not need to be second guessed by you or anyone else.
I don’t need another man telling me how to do my job, and thinking he can second guess me, so fucking quit it. I am not a weak defenceless woman; I am a highly trained combat officer. I’m mad too because you’re another fucking man who thinks he is better than me.
I have the blood of my men on my hands, do you think for one God damned minute I don’t have issues with people dying on my watch, because I do. So, don’t guilt trip me with your fucking men possibly dying because of me. I have enough dead men on my mind Jacob Fucking Moore.” I ran off. I ran off crying like a girl, oh god why had all that resurfaced. I asked Henry upon getting in the house if he could do dinner, as I was going to bed with a migraine.
“Are you alright Riley?” I nodded. “Riley what’s happened, your bleeding.”
“Deer blood, Nightmare is taking it to the butchers shed. I will deal with it tomorrow. I am sorry, but I have a bad headache.” He said nothing else and left me to it, I stripped and cried as I awaited the bath filling. When it did, I broke down for the first time in years. It came back to me in that instant of Jake shouting at me like a stupid girl. Everything; the fight, the skirmish, the trap, the death trap that dick Nigel walked my men into. He was out for revenge, and my men paid the price with their lives, for his arrogant actions. I lowered my aching body into the hot water. I didn’t hear him come in…
“Riley I’m sorry, what did I do?”
“You brought something out that has been plaguing me for a couple of years, that’s all. I am sorry for shouting at you, really, I am. I have my coping mechanisms and I will work through the issues, please go and eat. I need to be alone Jake, sorry but I do this alone, goodnight.”
“Just because you did it alone before, it doesn’t mean you still need to be alone. Riley talk to me, please?”
“I can’t… What he did that day got him and two men killed, he second guessed me, he told them I was a woman, and on my period. I had P.M.T and didn’t know what I was doing. The worst thing was he was my husband Allan’s very best friend and my second in command and called Nigel, he had tried coming on to me three days before he died, or rather three days before he got himself killed. He was mad as hell that I turned him down the stupid idiot. He thought it was alright to come on to his best friend’s wife, as he was taking care of me. Hahaha, I kicked his nuts that day alright, but it left him mad as hell at me.”
“When did he do this Riley, did you not report him for his actions?” I gave a shake of my head.
“It was complicated, and we were mid mission. We had been sent to a place to rescue a captured allied intelligence officer. I had scoped the place out for the best part of three days, he and I were the best two for the job and the only two available, and as Allan’s best friend I trusted him and whilst I slept, he came on to me. We were alone, and he tried,” I shivered as a chill went through my body, “he didn’t manage it, I kicked him in his nuts, and he knew I’d kill him. 
He and I went back, I reported our findings and I was put in charge of the operation, and he hated it. I was a far better officer and shot, and though we were the same rank, I had the better record in these situations. I out ranked him a little, and it was his first tour, it was my second time there, so knew the lay of the land better. My plan was perfect, well thought out and I had plenty of backups in place, but never for one minute did I think he’d do as he did.” I took a deep breath.
“I needed to take the men guarding him out separately, he knew the plan, but had his own ideas. He was a little gun hoe, he was a let’s go straight in and fight them type of a guy. You know, the take the fight to them sort of soldier? There was no planning things through, and out there, and as you know, it’s a dangerous way to think.
They are smart and well organised. So anyway, he hated my plans and he second guessed me all the way with the new recruits, who were just young boys really, all fresh out of training, young soldiers who’d rather take orders from men not women, they were young, stupid, feckless idiots. I’m sorry they died, and I shouldn’t speak ill of the dead, they were so sure he outranked me, me just being a fucking woman, a poor defenceless woman. So, you see you’re not the only one who treated me differently, in fact most of my army career was spent proving I was as good as a man, I don’t need it here too Jake.”
“Sorry Riley, I was just worried that’s all. I know you can look after yourself. Riley keep talking, I’m here.” He was too, he knelt at the side of the bath and sat and listened.
“We got there, to the compound where he was being held. I placed the men into their secure positions, so that when I had taken out the three men on the roof, my men could then attack in safety, and as I was setting up to take the shots another man appeared on the roof, there were three not four, Nigel got panicky, he lost it and I saw it happen. I was there, but not there, sort of seeing him go to pieces right before my eyes, he was mad, deluded and dangerous. I had to keep calm, and to do it all without letting the insurgents know where I was, and then he screamed at me that he was taking over, it was a bigger mission than before, as there were more men guarding him than there was when we first scoped the place out. I wasn’t worried I’d taken more men out in practices than the poxy four on the roof top.
There was nothing to worry about as the men could easily take the others out, but only once the roof men were taken out, they had the compound totally covered and needed killing first. My men were like sitting ducks out there. Then because a few of the younger men saw me hesitate, not at my actions, but wondering what Nigel was doing and trying to figure out just where was his head at, he was ruining the plan and was going mad. They then began to panic too, but I was sticking to the plan I had, it was still workable. I was in total control of the situation, but then the fuckwit deviated further from the plan, putting four young soldiers in a position where they could be seen. He told them he was taking charge and one of them was seen as he moved to Nigel’s new positions, and I had to think quickly. I shot an insurgent and then another, another I clipped in the shoulder. I got the fourth with a good clean shot, all the men that were guarding the roof were down, but because Nigel screamed at me, they then knew where I was. He blew my cover on purpose, he then told the lads to charge in, but it wasn’t secured yet! The man I clipped was down, but not out, he, he rose from the roof and he fired down.
I regrouped quickly, but not before the clipped insurgent took two men and Nigel with him. I got him like that deer, between the eyes, the other three, who came from another building were taken out. The remaining men stuck to the plan and worked like a well-oiled team, they took out the men guarding the intel guy and rescued him, but I lost two men and Nigel that day. The mission was successful, but had cost me dearly, I had three men, three dead men who had been under my command, but it was a loss we needed not have had. He got those boys and himself killed and I was left to justify my actions. I had done nothing wrong, but as I was in charge, I had to explain over and over the actions of a deranged Nigel.
The top brass were happy enough, because we got the officer out and alive. If he had been forced to talk we would have had more deaths to deal with, the intelligence officer knew too many things, he was like a super computer apparently. He knew everything, all about security protocols, were men were positioned, undercover operatives, he knew names of men we had on the inside of the Taliban’s everyday operations. Names and numbers all there in his head, and we could have freed them all without any loss, had Nigel not tried to second guess me and ruin a perfectly good plan, and all because he thought I would report the incident on that horrid night, that’s why we lost those men, just to save his sorry arse.
That week after hours of debriefings and dragging my sick arse in front of God knows how many stuffed shirts, to explain my version of events. I then topped it all off by fainting in front of my Brigadier. I was sent to the medics, and whilst there I was told the food poisoning, I thought I was suffering from, was in fact a pregnancy. I was informed too that Allan had been blown up and had died just two hours later. He didn’t even know I was pregnant, and he would have loved to be a Dad, me not so, I was only doing it for him. Who’d have thought it, that our anniversary in Dubai, during our last leave together, had produced a band aid baby. Who was I kidding, a baby would just have tied me to the idiot.
I wanted the career not a child. I had a big break down, pregnant and alone and with a child of a man I had grown to despise. In those last twelve weeks away from him, we had become less communicative, there were not many emails or calls. I think we both knew the end was just around the corner, my fellow female officers told me what he was up to, with who and with quite a few ladies too. Hahaha, that fact also not helping in my depression, that he had cheated on me. Then the fact that when they shipped me home suffering with PTSD, they did it on the same flight as the bodies of my men and seven other men; including that of my husband, gotta love their planning. When I got back, I was a mess. I had a stupid week ahead, it was all going off around me and I floated on through it all. I was there but not there? His parents were a nightmare, they were happy I was pregnant, and they were the only ones who were. I knew why, the baby was all they had left of Allan, so I plodded on.
I was cleared of all wrong doing and commended for saving the officer and the others that Nigel had sent to their near death, but the damage was done I had lost too much. I was alone all with all that crap going on and pregnant with a man’s child, who I was actually asking for a divorce, because we were strangers, it turns out he was seeing a girl attached to his company, go figure! He didn’t think for one minute the women officers would tell me, but they did because he was an arrogant arse, his best friend was Nigel for fucks sake, arrogant arse number two. Besides Nigel had come on to me knowing what Allan was doing, and he actually told me Allan said I was a prick tease and that he was seeing a fucking secretary from the foreign office attached to his bloody company, as he ranted at me and held his sore balls. I may have been a little relieved if truth be told?
I found who she was at the fucking funeral, wearing his company ring, and being fussed over by his parents. Who was I, just the chopped liver having their grandchild? Then at the reception afterwards the shit hit the fan as they say, Nigel’s wife had a go, the girlfriend told me he was divorcing me, and his parents wanted the child I was carrying. You name it, it went on and then I suddenly developed bad cramping and lost his child the same day we buried him. After being told I had murdered the last part of him and his child, by his parents, they left me alone in the hospital. I really don’t need people second guessing me all the time Jake. I’m strong independent and yeah, a little screwed over at the moment, but I’m not a helpless woman who needs coddling Jake, I’m not a frilly oh-look-at-me girl. I’m a fully-grown woman not even a girl. I need time alone Jake, sorry I had a shouting match with you, perhaps now you know why, you maybe understand a little?”
 “Sorry, I wasn’t second guessing you I was worried for you Riley. I am sorry I was stressed about you going walkabout without any sort of communication, your phones useless out there, that didn’t help matters. Did you not see the walkie-talkie I left you on your bed? If anything had happened to you, I would be upset. You have become more than someone I work with, you and me, we have something Riley, don’t deny you feel it.”
“No, sorry I didn’t see it, but Jake we can’t go there you know that don’t you, not the being together that way? We have to live and work here six months with the family and six months alone and sex would ruin that and come between us and this perfect set up for us both, if we fell out and we will after all we are strangers?”
“I know, I just felt the need to kiss you just once and see if we could take it further, and yeah, it would be wrong I see that and I’m sorry, get some sleep. Are we alright Riley?”
“Yes fine, now go see to it they eat please. I need to deal with this crap on my own, but thanks for listening.” He smiled and walked out. Fuck, I wanted him more now, but I had to keep it together. I can’t leave here too. I am not leaving here under a shadow and then return in shame from just a glorified cooking and cleaning job, again to my grandparents, not again as another failure and with my tail between my legs. He was so beautiful as he listened to my rant, he was caring, that much was obvious, but we were two damaged souls and I was still fucked up despite saying I was fine, I was not. I needed love and warmth in my life, being a hardnosed fuck up was killing me, but I wasn’t sure it would be with Jake…


CHAPTER FIVE:


After I slept, and I had quite a good night’s sleep too. I spent the morning gutting, cleaning and sectioning the deer off into joints. The lads had seen to their own food and left me alone. They had been told of my melt down and obviously from their faces the reason why too. I hated the pity looks I got from them; those same looks I got the day I fainted in that fucking tent in bloody Kandahar. The same pity looks I got at the funeral and in the hospital when I woke from losing my child. Henry came to the butchery building and yes, he looked worried too.
“Riley, might I have a word please?”
“Yes Henry, grab a stool and talk to me. What’s on your mind? I am sorry about yesterday I was a little off kilter for some reason. I had a bad morning and well a pleasant walk, ruined by Jake being overprotective.”
“Argh Riley, that was my doing I asked them to go and look for you I knew a storm was coming in and if you hadn’t got back in you would have been stuck out there, as it was it wasn’t too bad.”
“Oh, so Jake didn’t send the others out, it was you?”
“Yes, he said you would be fine and to give you time to get back, he was a little mad at me too.” He smiled. “Am I forgiven?”
“Yes, but I haven’t needed anyone to look after me in a long time Henry.”
“Well perhaps it’s time you let people in, we all need help now and again Riley, and you are helping me, both you and Jake have helped me. He cares for you Riley, and I think you care for him too? The guys are going into town tonight, how about you go with them?”
“I can’t go there with Jake, I only have this job left now, and I can’t risk it, if we take it further Henry, if we fall out, then one of us would have to leave, and I need this, he does too. Besides, we had the talk and decided it was for the best. As to the night out, another time Harry, they will be going out again. I heard them say this job could take another couple of weeks, besides I need to catch up on some jobs I missed out on yesterday, my laundry, oh do you have anything?”
“No Riley I don’t, I did mine yesterday. Well, I will see you at dinner; the boys are eating then going out, just think about it Riley, he’s a nice and reliable man, of that I’m sure.” I nodded as he left me to it to finish up placing the kill in the walk-in freezer. Give it a few weeks and this will be full. I went to change and went to strip my bed. I also stripped Jakes too and picked up after him, men are such slobs. I was complaining about the mess, when his quiet voice startled me.
“I can do my own things Riley…” I blushed, damn he was right, because these were his private quarters.
“You startled me Jake, I have mine to do I was doing yours too. Dinner will be about five is that alright? I gather your off out into town?”
“Umm, it would seem so.” He looked really down in the mouth.
“Don’t you want to go?”
“I’m the designated driver, so I need to go, it’s an hour into town, but the guys need to let off steam, it’s kinda dull for them here.” He helps me load the things into a pillow slip, the next best thing to a laundry basket, sheisk this place needs everything.
“I won’t ask if you want to come with us Riley, I gather from Henry, you’re doing other chores?” I umm and walk to the laundry room. He follows me through.
“I need to apologise Riley.” I dumped the things in front of the washing machine.
“What for…?” Before I could finish asking, he’d turned me to face him; he then took me in his arms and began kissing me. I tried to fight him off and if truth were told, I didn’t fight too fiercely. I didn’t want to fight anymore, this felt right, he and I were a foregone conclusion. I wanted him as soon as he took his coat off that first night.
“Riley please?” I ummed as his kisses deepened and the passion built, I feel light headed as his kisses open a flood gate of pent up emotions. “Let me love you?” I kiss him back.
“I am letting you love me Jake.” He began unbuttoning my blouse and as he did, he kissed the side of my neck.
“Lord your beautiful, let me love you, all of you?” I shivered as his kisses found their way to my breasts and my chest began thumping hard with all the excitement, as he pulled me into his arms he placed me on the washing machine. Shit I’d seen this done in the movies, but nothing like this had ever happened to me before, he took my nipple in his mouth, which by now was more than responsive, as he began feasting upon it. My kisses were raining down on his neck and my hands were pulling at his hair coaxing him towards the lonely other breast.
“Please… Yes, please Jake” I mewed as he took me to a high I had never been to before, and as his lips returned to mine, he smiled. Kissed my nose and walked away.
“Damn, I’ve still got it and damn right, you want me because I want you too.” I threw the laundry detergent at him and he caught it then laughed.
“Jake, you fucking-arse-hole, don’t you ever come near me again.”
“We’ll see about that, I like plenty of softener in my boxers, they keep a part of me I’m particularly fond of, comfortable.”
“Argh, you bastard…” I threw everything and anything at him, how dare he leave me standing like an idiot, well sat like an idiot breasts out and frustrated to fuck on top of a washing machine? He whistled and went to his room. What had just happened, he came on to me and left me hanging, right, that did just happen, or am I off in cuckoo land again? “Bastard, fucking idiot bloody Seal, with his fuck me eyes and soft lips and nice kisses….” I was such a bloody confused mess; I pulled myself straight, I then put the sheets and quilts into one washer and his underwear into the other. “Softener try this on for size Jacob Moore. I’ll give you ‘it keeps my package comfortable’ try a little laundry starch, it should keep it fucking itching.” I laugh as I tip it in. I put the sheets and towels in the dryer, then turn on my heels and start dinner. My iPod is hooked into the docking station, it blasts out Savage Garden’s ‘to the moon and back,’ and I chop, mix, stir, create and sing along, for some reason I am happy, damn him he nearly made me come from doing just that, sheisk.
I fry the venison and brown it off, throwing it in the pre-floured large catering tray, these boy’s like their food, mini portions, crap they haven’t a clue what those are. I chop shallots and carrots and then the leek, the swede and celery. I throw a jar of redcurrant jelly in and stir in, after I take a glass of Rioja for myself, “umm don’t mind if I do, one for the pot and one for me.” I place in the herbs and wonder about garlic? Sod it, I’m not on the pull and so I crush a couple of cloves of garlic into it too, season it and add a little more wine to the stew and my glass I top up. I hear the next song come on and I realise I have drank my wine, when did that happen? I want to open another, but red wine gives me a headache, so I stop myself.  “Come on cook my beauty. God you smell good, oh my smoochy song, good-oh.” I sing along belting out the song, ‘I knew I loved you.’ I sang it as I peeled and chopped the veggies and was oblivious to the comings and goings around me, I filled the pots with the dinner and sang I danced too; I sashayed around the range, like I didn’t give a damn…
“Maybe it's intuition, but some things you just don't question, like in your eyes, I see my future in an instant, and there it goes, I think I've found my best friend. I know that it might sound more than a little crazy, but I believe, I knew I loved you before I met you, I think I dreamed you into life, I knew I loved you before I met you, I have been waiting all my life.
There's just no rhyme or reason, only this sense of completion, and in your eyes, I see the missing pieces, I'm searching for, I think I've found my way home, I know that it might sound more than a little crazy, but I believe… I knew I loved you before I met you, I think I dreamed you into life, I knew I loved you before I met you, I have been waiting all my life. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh…
A thousand angels dance around you, I am complete now that I've found you, I knew I loved you before I met you, I think I dreamed you into life, I knew I loved you before I met you, I have been waiting all my life…” I was rudely interrupted by the sound of clapping. Fuck how long had they been there?
“Bravo, for the show, damn Riley you can sing too, you need to come with us and win us the keg at the karaoke tonight?” All of them including Jake were sat at the table watching me.
“An inclination that you were there would have been nice boys.”
“Why spoil the floor show Riley, you’re in a good mood, any reason?” Jake winked as he said it.
“Why indeed Jacob. Yes, I love cooking, cleaning and doing laundry, your stuff will be ready later. If you need anything else, I’m sure I’m able to do little lady jobs without an escort.”
“Oh, is there trouble in paradise, she’s busting your chops Manners and not mine.” He smiled and gave me a wink. Two can play that game, Jake. I grabbed the flour, the suet and the herbs for the dumplings and set to making enough to feed the small army of muscle men in my kitchen, I should have tied my hair up, because I now have flour on my nose and dumpling mix on my hands.
“Can you do me a favour Nightmare, there’s a scrunchie in my back pocket? Please can you tie my hair back for me?” He jumped at the chance and as he went in my back pocket, I laughed. “Sorry it’s in the front one here.” He looked at me and winked.
“Quit it Riley he’s riled enough.” He muttered under his breath as he removed the scrunchie and tied my hair in it.
“Thanks, being the only married man here, I wouldn’t trust anyone else to do that, so thank you Nightmare. Now there’s beers in the cooler, and dinner will be an hour so go wash up and be quick about it.” They disappeared to their rooms and I went to sort out the laundry, I was busy fluffing towels and folding sheets as Jake came back into the laundry. “No repeat performances, because this lady ain’t for playing games Mr Moore.”
“We will see, but I know you want me, your body tells me so. Please can I have some sheets for my bed? I may get lucky tonight.” Ha in your dreams. I handed him the things he needed and threw his underwear in the dryer. “I like them soft thank you Riley.” He flounced out to his room and I followed him back to the kitchen, wow, his arse is nice. Pity it’s gonna be in itchy jocks tomorrow… I finished off the dinner, as Shark set the table; he’s the quiet one of the group!
“It smells great Riley, are you sure we can’t persuade you to join us, otherwise it’s a night of listening to Detective kill some really good songs, joined my Nightmare, singing Mac the knife, Peanut will be busy chasing skirt?”
“Do you and Manners not sing?” He laughed.
“No, Manners doesn’t do fun stuff, he’s more like our minder when he goes out, he is always on Dad Duty, he hardly drinks and he just room watches for the most part, and me I know my limitations and singing ain’t one of them. I’m tone deaf sorry, but you sure can sing, you sound like you could do it professionally.”
“Thank you, I only sing for my enjoyment, I don’t sing in public ever.”
“Do you play any instruments?” I laugh.
“Yes, I can play several actually, piano, guitar and violin. My mother wanted at least one of her children to play and I sort of fell in love with the music room at the castle, and the old Laird was nice enough to teach me to play the piano, I was taught the violin at school, and the guitar I am self taught, it gave me something to do on the long deployments.”
“A woman of many talents, you cook, hunt, fight, shoot, sing and are a musician. I am indeed in the company of excellence.” I bowed.
“Why thank you Shark, now can you take these rolls and the butter to the table and call the others down it’s ready.” He yes ma’am-ed me again and got everyone to the table. “Now eat and enjoy and don’t be coming in at all hours drunk and waking me from my slumber please, and Sunday is a day of rest so help yourself in the kitchen. I’m going for a hike first thing, and yes Henry I will take the walkie talkie with me. So what you waiting for, grace?” They tucked in as I retired to my rooms for a night of sifting through the tea chest in my room. I took through a cup of tea and made myself comfortable on the sofa, and I must have nodded off too, because when I woke it was dark, but dark here could be anything after five.
Damn my watch is broken, phone, where’s my phone? I lean over and retrieve it to find an incoming text message, and its nine o’clock. I so want to go back to sleep. I also wonder if the boys will be late back? It was a message from number unknown.

Riley, we need your help, Manners is acting up. Nightmare.
Nightmare what sort of help?     
Riley, he’s hammered, we all are, come and rescue us please.     
Nightmare, I am coming, but you will pay for this tomorrow.  
 
        I take a quick shower and change, sod it I am fed up of jeans and tee shirts, and I am going to play him at his own game, how dare he get drunk and expect me to go and fetch him, paff. I pull out the little black dress, the pumps and the sexy as hell underwear, I do my hair and makeup, and I’m not going enjoy the hour-long drive at night. I leave a note for Henry and hope he sees it. I throw on my Uggs, and then put my bag and shoes on the seat at the side of me; there are water bottles and blankets for the pleasant journey back. Great, five drunk ass navy seals in my clean new car. I listen to the radio as I plough the road to town. The snow is still falling, but it’s just a light dusting. I have to wonder what it looks like without its clean white blanket thrown over it, it sounds eerie and looks like Christmas as it is now?
I pull up to Rubies Bar and Diner, parking next to their vehicle, what’s inside waiting for me? I throw my Uggs in the foot well and change into my heels, refresh the lips and puff the hair, let’s see him walk away from this… Stupid woman, he’s hammered and you’re only here because you’re going to be carrying him. I am pushed through the doors by a bunch of girls, eager to get to drinking. I cringe at the things they have on in minus whatever temperature it is. My eyes peel the room and Detective is at the bar and chatting to the barmaid, I scan the room and sure enough, they are here. Seated in a booth and grinning. They are being given a show by the drunken rabble of girls I came in with, and Jake is enjoying the show, so I join Detective.
“Well why is he hammered then?” He looked at me like I was speaking a different language.
“Hell is that you Riley, wow you look err, different?”
“Do I? Thank you, now why is Manners so drunk?”
“He’s been getting texts on his phone all night from Jenny, he borrowed my old phone and put in his own simcard, and the barrage is brutal.”
“Is she still coming?”
“She is on her way, the phones in bits and the simcard is down the head.” I murmured oh, what sort of hell was he going through?
“How dumb is she to come to Calgary, and not know where he is?”
“Pretty dumb actually, she’s a special type of dumb too.” I laugh,
“So, I’m designated driver then?”
“Nope, we have rooms here for the night, we radioed Henry too from the humvee, he didn’t tell you not to bother coming? Only Manners had your number, and it went splash when he smashed the phone.”
“So, I had a wasted journey then? I will see you all tomorrow please be careful.” My arse was suddenly being groped, Detective grinned that cheesy, oops he’s in trouble now, grin he had, but I already knew who it was, because he has that wonderful smell going on, the lust filled aroma of sex, which was bottled in hell and poured by a god into those mighty able hands, and then slashed over that body. He was oozing sex from every fragranced pore, umm I’m gonna have some fun with this I think, and I winked at Detective.
“Hi pretty lady, where have you been all my life?” I laughed as Detective was trying to warn Manners whose arse he was groping. 
“I don’t know Sugar, I guess waiting for you to fall drunk into my lap maybe? Sugar, you know you shouldn’t touch the merchandise before asking the price.” I winked at Detective, keeping my body against the bar.
“Hell woman, I have never had to pay for sex in my life, the pleasure I give is usually payment enough, Honey.”
“Umm a girl has to make her living Sugar, if you need to ask the price, you can’t afford the goods on display.” He rescued the pitcher of beer from Detective and went back to the booth, for fucks sake did he just go there?
“Awkward Riley, do you want me to tell him he fucked up?” I smiled.
“No, I’m going to have some fun at his expense I think, care to join me?”
“Do I get to make nice with you? Strike that, I see the look, what are we doing then?”
“Is he drunk enough to want to sing?”
“Hell, he never sings, but yeah he never gets this hammered either.” I looked through the book and smiled, perfect…
“You have to sing too though Riley, we will need the keg of beer the rate he’s downing the pitchers.” I agreed. I looked at the book and my man was there, and it was a good old Brucie favourite of mine. I gave the two requests to the guy.
“Pretty lady they like their Boss here, kill this you will get wet sponged or worse, hooked?”
“I will take my chances, the other guy sings after me, though I can’t guarantee he won’t refuse.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“Fine you’re up next. What’s your name?”
“Anne.” He laughed.
“Up now we have Anne singing a Boss song, get your sponges wet, ‘cos no one messes with Boss Springsteen and goes home dry. Raise your glasses, for Anne, with The Price You Pay.” There were plenty of cheers and a few sneers, bring it on bitches. The music cued in…

“You make up your mind; you choose the chance you take. You ride to where the highway ends and the desert breaks. Out on to an open road you ride until the day. You learn to sleep at night, with the price you pay. Now with their hands held high, they reached out for the open skies, and in one last breath they built the roads they'd ride to their death. Driving on through the night, unable to break away, from the restless pull of the price you pay... 
Oh, the price you pay, oh the price you pay. Now you can't walk away from the price you pay. Now they'd come so far and they'd waited so long. Just to end up, caught in a dream where everything goes wrong. Where the dark of night, holds back the light of the day, and you've gotta stand and fight for the price you pay. Oh, the price you pay, oh the price you pay. Now you can't walk away from the price you pay...”

I looked, and nobody had thrown the wet sponges as the instrumental approached, the girls were swaying, the boys in the booth were grinning and Jacob was still drinking. He was listening, but he was lost in thought, about the girl who had mashed his brain to bits I bet? Shit, that girl had really done a number on him. I will make him feel better because I want him, and I do mean want him.

“Little girl down on the strand, with that pretty little baby in your hands. Do you remember the story of the Promised Land? How he crossed the desert sands and could not enter the chosen land. On the banks of the river he stayed. To face the price you pay. So let the game start, you better run you little wild heart. You can run through all the nights and all the days, but just across the county line, a stranger passing through put up a sign. That counts the men fallen away to the price you pay and girl before the end of the day, I'm gonna tear it down and throw it away…”

The room erupted with cheers, and I’m dry as a bone. I looked into the crowd and smiled, there that wasn’t as bad as you thought now was it Riley? Umm, I have never sung in public before, and to escape dry and unhooked was a bonus, I whooped myself a high five, looking around because I probably looked like a right idiot.
“Now singing next, if he can follow the little lady with her chosen song for him, she says and I quote ‘if he’s man enough to sing it, she says the price he pays is nothing,’ it sounds like this man is on a promise, what da ya think guys, has he got the guts to do it and grab him the lady? Manners where are you? Jacob Moore, you’re up next. You’re singing Drunk and the little lady says your sleeping in the powerhouse, if you don’t sing.” Detective laughs as Jake makes his way to the stage. I’m hidden behind the speakers.
“What the fuck? Who was the woman Detective and where is she?” He played along.
“She’s way above your pay grade Manners and a nice piece of ass and you don’t stand a chance of nailing that one buddy.”
“Challenge accepted, I can’t see her though, and how the fuck does she know we have a powerhouse?”
“Everyone has one up here you moron. Did you not see her or hear the last song, she was singing that?”
“Nope, but I thought it sounded nice though, but I was busy drinking, get it cued up… I have some arse to get me tonight; she’s going down, if I’m lucky, hic oops excuse me I’m a little inerb... Inerber… Inebriat… Oh hell what am I Detective?”
“As in the title of the song she chose you, you’re drunk, watch the step it’s a doozy.” I watched the hunk as he made his way to the stage and I made my way back to the booth. His voice boomed through the mic.
“The challenge little lady I accept…” The music played, and he looked quite comfortable up there. As the music played, he started to sing and wow… He was good… 

“I wanna be drunk when I wake up, on the right side of the wrong bed and every excuse I made up. Tell you the truth I hate. What didn't kill me, it never made me stronger at all. Love will scar your make up lip sticks to me. So now, I'll maybe leave back there. I'm sat here, wishing I was sober, I know I'll never hold you like I used to…
But a house gets cold when you cut the heating. Without you to hold I'll be freezing. Can't rely on my heart to beat it, 'cause you take part of it every evening. Take words out of my mouth just from breathing. Replace with phrases like when you're leaving me. Should I, should I? Maybe I'll get drunk again. I'll be drunk again. I'll be drunk again, to feel a little love.”

 He really is good and try as I might, I couldn’t see his face...
“Hi Riley, when did you get here?” Shark asked as he poured me a beer.
“I’ve just got here, why is he singing, he said he didn’t, I suppose he has a challenge to win?”
“Err, he’s had way too much to drink, you didn’t get the message then, not to bother and that we’re stopping here tonight?”
“No what message? When I came in it sounded like he was on a promise. Pity that spotlight is blaring in my eyes I wish I could see him, he’s really good.”
“Umm, likes to sing in the shower, he looks like he’s onto a winner then?”
“Shark what do you mean?”
“A woman sang before him and said if he sang, she’d err escort him home.”
“She did what? She must be a damn hussy; still at least he’s getting something for his trouble.”
“Nah, she will be safe he isn’t like that, unless he’s had a lobotomy?” Jake continued to sing through our chat as Nightmare returned to the table; he’d been phoning his wife apparently, he was coming to the last chorus and was very wobbly on his feet.

“Should I, should I? Maybe I'll get drunk again. I'll be drunk again; I'll be drunk again, to feel a little love. All by myself, I'm here again, all by myself, you know I'll never change, all by myself, all by myself, I'm just drunk again, I'll be drunk again, I'll be drunk again, to feel a little love…”

 He finished it with a smile, and as I walked towards him, he smiled.
“Riley you came. I think I love you and you’re here too, oh hell I’m in trouble, fuck Riley this stage is moving hells teeth…” He came crashing down off the stage and landed quite unceremonious on top of me, much to the amusement of the packed bar, he was laughing as his head was between my boobs. “Seen these today, they are all mine sweetheart all mine, I think I may be drunk, your soft and cuddly and did I tell you I love you…?” Great he’s passed out on top of me.
“Nightmare stop bloody laughing, he doesn’t know what he is saying please get him up. Shark, I swear if you say anything, Detective, put that girl down and help. Where’s Peanut gone? You lot help get him off me he’s going to sleep, and drooling on my chest help me guys please?”
“Well I told you he was a gentleman. You’ve both kept your clothes on.” They hoisted him off me and placed him in the booth. I ordered him coffee and made him drink water.
“I won a prize. What did I win? Hell, I don’t feel well. Riley stop laughing please. What are you doing here anyway, haven’t you got my laundry to do?”
“I came to pick you up, but the lady will be calling to give you your prize and I would hate you to miss out on getting some free lady action! It seems you are stopping here, so I can get back.” I got up to leave.
“What are you talking about, what prize, what am I getting, who is giving me free lady time? Nope I don’t remember a prize?” Jakes poor head rose slightly, and he was in drool mode.
“You sang and won a night in the company of a lady.” I smiled as he looked around like a three-year old trying to work out where he was, after waking up after his afternoon nap! 
“No, not me, I don’t drink everrrr. Oh god, I feel ill, the lights are going off.” His head hit the table and he fell asleep on it.
“Nope, you are not going anywhere Riley, it’s not safe for you to travel, look it’s snowing hard and we have the rooms. Peanut, Detective and Shark are going to a party at the university, so let’s get him back.” Nightmare was right the snow was coming down quickly and thickly. “Get him in the humvee I think, and you follow right behind me, taking it slow and steady Riley. It’s just up the road and we can place a radio message through to Henry first thing.”
“Right, I guess it could be dangerous, here get him in, when is she turning up?” I was pissed she was going to get my man, and just as I had decided to fight for him, because as goofy as it sounded and it did, I am falling like crazy for the drunk I’m carrying to the car, and like I have never done for anyone before, very un-Riley like indeed.
“Tomorrow, her plane gets into Calgary at ten in the morning. He asked me to go, but I will punch her lights out it I go, and that’s not conduct becoming a gentleman.” I sighed as we placed him in the seat, and secured him with the seatbelt, all as he slept.
“I’ll go and sort her out and see just what she wants. I deal with women like her all the time. Plus, I’m not afraid to punch her. In fact, I’ll give her one from all of you.”
“He will go mad if he finds out, he has this dumb pride thing, but I know she’s coming here on one of her scam missions and this dumb fuck will fall for it, or maybe not, not with how he was drunk talking you up earlier. He kinda likes you and he enjoyed the washroom romp too.” He told Nightmare he seduced me in the washroom, oh hell I will kill him later.
“Will he really fall for her do you think, after he just said he loved me? Well, it’s best he doesn’t find out then, her name really is Jenny Hog?” 
“By name and nature, she doesn’t play nice Riley, please be careful, she’s a mean son of a bitch, well you know what I mean, and yeah he declared his love for you alright. Drunks may not be able to stand, but they sure as hell ain’t very good liars, so you can protect my best friend’s ass with my blessing.”
“What’s she going to do in an airport full of people, bitch slap my backside?” He laughed and shrugged his shoulders. I followed them to the hotel and as we asked for room keys, the boys were playing in their rooms like good little boys, which meant I had to share with Jake, as Shark was sharing with Nightmare. “Come on let’s get him in bed, and then you go and make nice with your wife and daughter before Shark gets back.”
“You sure, I can always…”
“He is in no fit state to do anything. I need to grab some sleep. I have to meet a certain lady in the morning, goodnight Nightmare.”
“Goodnight Riley.” I closed the door and undressed Jake, taking off his shoes and slipping his arms out of his jacket, then his shirt and jeans, leaving him in just his tee shirt and underwear.
I had nothing to sleep in and as much as I wanted to sleep in my dress, it needed to look good for tomorrow. I washed off my makeup and stripped down to basics, then slipped on Jakes shirt. It smelt of him, as I breathed in the aromas. I felt giddy, unsure of how this night would end. I slipped the toothpaste on my finger, the smell of him wafted up to my nostrils, god he needs to bottle his aroma and sell it. I turned off the light and climbed into the bed with Jake, sleeping as far away as possible, in fact I am hugging the far side of the bed to keep my temptation at bay. He seemed to cry in his sleep and fidget, he finally settled after a short while. The street light was a backdrop to the tree swaying its snow-covered branches at me. I stared out the window, being hypnotised to sleep by the branches swaying in the wind, all whilst hugging my pillow… I slept for what seemed like ages, when I am woken from my sleep with a finger prodding me in my back. Shit, its nearly eight thirty, and the airport run is needed.
“Miss, wake up, please Miss, wake up. I don’t know who the hell you are, but you better leave this room now.”
“Aww Sugar just give me a few more minutes, you wore me out last night.” He gulped and stammered his reply.
“Fuck… You need to leave… I don’t do this, this thing, and please you have to leave. Riley is around somewhere. Shit where did she go, she was there last night, please say I didn’t dream it all? God she won’t forgive me, I’m a drunken idiot, hell what have I gone and done?”
“No Sugar, you’ll get no forgiveness from her, not if she’s the blonde one you pledged your undying love for and fell on top of from the stage? She was not happy with the drool you filled her cleavage with or the fact it took three grown men to get you off of her.” Oh hell, he can’t remember a thing, payback…
“I did what?”
“You told the girl you loved her and then proceeded to fall smack bang on top of her.”
“So what are you doing here then, she will kill me… I… we… Please did we?”
“You were in no fit state to go home, and we brought you here. Now, if you would kindly turn your back or go to the powder room, I will get up and leave, I’d hate to stay were I’m not wanted Sugar. Please leave the light off too.”
“Sure, sorry Ma’am, I am sorry truly sorry, do I owe you anything, for err… Your time?” I so wanted to make him pay, but I had to be at the airport in an hour.
“No, as I said the song was payment enough.” 
“Shit I sang, to you?”
“No, you sang it to the crowd then when you finished she walked up and you went all kinds of mushy with her, but as you’d done my dare, you won the prize of a night in bed with me and Sugar you sure can sing. Now shift your rump so I can get dressed and get outta here please, a lady has a living to make you know?” He went to the bathroom, I dressed in double quick time and as I made myself look presentable. I heard him chastising himself in the bathroom, aww poor Jake, I will put him straight when I get back. I grabbed my bag and headed out of the door before he saw me leave.  Heading out to the airport, I spotted Nightmare, getting coffee for the guys.
“Here’s yours Riley and a couple of bagels, are you sure you want to do this?”
“Yeah, she needs putting in her place and who better than Rifle Riley? He’s upset enough with me at the moment, he doesn’t need to know I’m going to bat for him too.”
“Why what did you two do now?”
“I may have led him to believe he slept with me as the other woman. It was dumb payback for something he did yesterday, but it’s sort of backfired. I will sort him out later. Look, take him home and I will see you all later.” I headed out to meet Miss Hog. Parking the car, I had just enough time for coffee and to write a sign for Miss Hog, though from Nightmares description I doubted I needed one, I got a call from an unknown number, and as I drank my coffee I answered it.
“Riley, speak it’s your dollar.”
“Hello, Riley it’s me Jake, where are you?”
“Umm… I’m … I’m doing a few errands, we need more food and stuff. Why where are you?”
“Oh, I have stuff to do too, it seems I made an ass of myself last night, Riley, I did something stupid, I…I… I got drunk and did something bad.” Aww, he sounded awful.
“You didn’t do anything Jake, nothing at all, listen we need to talk when we get back home alright?”
“I didn’t do anything? I slept with a stranger last night sweetheart, a damn stranger…”
“Look I have to go, and don’t worry Sugar you slept with me.”
“You, what the hell Riley, I’ve been eating myself up with worry here. You were the woman at the bar and in my bed? Fuck woman you do payback good, we will be having words when I catch up to you, I will see you in a while. Shall I wait in town for you?”
“Yes, I’d like that, in the place we had breakfast the other day? In a short while, these things I have to do are really important.”
“Sure, and Riley I’m sorry, but it is going to happen and when it does it’s not just happening the once, I meant what I said Riley, I’m falling in love with you.”
“Umm, it sounds like we need to talk, see you in a short while. I think I feel the same way about you too, see you later.” I put my phone away and headed to the arrivals gate. I held up the card and awaited her arrival.
“Oh goody, Jacey Baby has sent me a driver, here take my bags and be a sweetie, I’m pregnant and can’t lift them.” I am gobsmacked, to say the least.
“Lift your own bags you brought them. I’m only here to meet you Miss Hog, on Jacobs behalf, he’s busy on the farm at the moment. Let’s sit here in the café, we need to chat before we go home, there are things you need to know.” We took our seats at the small café, as she preened, and she let me get the coffees too. This bitch is playing Jake, think Riley, think quickly and smartly. I pay for the coffees and place my mum’s engagement ring on my finger. Luckily, I always wear it on a chain around my neck, now it needs to play a part in her undoing. She’s a bitch, if she’s pregnant, then bloody hell my farts must smell of gingerbread and vanilla. I got back making sure she saw the sparkler on my finger.
“You’re pregnant, really how far along?” If you are its weeks along not months, her dress is as clingy as the Glad Wrap around my muffin. Which she told me to shove up my butt; she is a charmer all right. “Yummy, blueberry my favourite, do you want one? I have a craving for them at the moment. I normally can’t stand them, are you sure it’s yummy?” 
“Not that it’s got anything to do with you, but I will tell you as I’m really happy at the moment. I will tell you this much, I’m just over four months along and happy as hell to be giving Jacey a child, something he has always wanted, he will be so pleased.” I spluttered in fake shock, umm that fart wasn’t a gingerbread smell at all…
“I don’t think so; I think Jacob will be shocked, what with both of us being pregnant at the same time. Though you’re a little ahead of my pregnancy, but I already have the engagement ring, see.” I flashed the rock in her face.
“What, you can’t be, he knew I was coming and with good news. That should be my ring. No matter, we have a past and when he sees me you are history, believe me I can play him like a fiddle.”
“Look please stop worrying, both of us being pregnant isn’t anything to worry about. The Master at the house we share, he says that all God’s children are a blessing, as are wives and lovers.”
“What Master? What house, wives, lovers what clap trap are you talking about?”
“Jacob and I, we are living together in the home of our churches founder. We live there with the Master and his wives, he has six, as he’s a polygamist Mormon, who branched out from Utah to start up his own mission. We are to follow the teachings of Prophet Joseph Smith and the Prophet Brigham Young. Jacob and I are trying to follow his teachings closely. I will be happy to have you as a part of our family, Jacob actually wants four wives in total, as he has a lot of love to share, and he wants children lots of children… Umm, are you sure you don’t want some, this is sooo good? It’s not as good as Sister Stacey’s. Umm do you cook that would be good, we could, as Jacob’s wives do that together, you know bond?”
“What crazy shit are you on about, do you do drugs? Jake is a millionaire, he doesn’t live in a hippy free love commune. I have picked a really nice house, for us to live in when we get married, its back home and we will never bond bitch, because he’s mine.”
“No, I don’t do drugs, they are bad for the child. Have you paid for the house already, because it will need to be sold? The Master will be glad of the extra revenue it’s sale brings to the mission? Wow, you must have so many financial worries, what with buying a house and a baby and all on your own, the stress will be burdening you surely? Jacob has no money left to help you, not with those things, but you will be moving here anyway, so that’s a silly idea! You owning the house, because he will need his child close to share in the love of the whole mission.” She looked on in disbelief, was this too much, or not enough? Nope, the bitch needs more persuading. “Sorry Ms Hog, you really don’t know do you that he is now without the worry of money. He saw the danger in having so much money, that he gave it all to the Master, and do you know the worry instantly drained from him. I have never seen Jacob so happy as he was when he transferred that rather large amount of money to the mission’s accounts.
“What he gave away all his money is he mad? Our child needs to be brought up in comfort, not in a commune. When did you meet him, did you make him give his money away, did you drag him to this sorry place?”
“In answer to your questions, he has no money left, as we don’t need it, we have everything we want provided for us from nature. We farm and raise animals, we paint, we sell quilts and the things we make and are happy living like that, hand to mouth, but our days are filled with a calmness that is like no other feeling ever. We live a peaceful co existence with nature and God. Jacob and I are to be joined next week, you can be joined to us both, our children will be raised together. All the Master asks is you become a part of the mission and you do what you can to make Jacob happy, you know cook, clean or help in the garden. You have to try to fit in where needed? There aren’t a lot of rules to adhere to and with no doors, as there are no secrets from any of our brothers and sisters either.
As to me meeting Jacob, we have known each other for ten years. I met Jacob again in New York four months ago. The poor man was drunk and in need of a friend, he’d been let down badly, but enough of that, because that time makes him sad. I cannot make him unhappy, the Master would not like it. I’m sure now you’re here things will get better between you. I presume you are the whore he chastised in his drunken ramblings are you not? No matter, he will forgive your fornication with another man, he has learnt to open his heart to the prophet’s teachings.” She looked a little shocked and the tiny cogs were turning. God, I need to think on my feet, this lying crap is hard work.
“I first met him ten years ago as I said, we were in a joint task force thing, but shush, that was a need to know thing, you understand? I was with the British Army and well you know Jacob was a Seal, of course you do, silly me, this pregnancy brain mush has made me so very scatty, but I will have to get used to it. I need to have as many children as I can for my husband, sorry I’m wandering off topic, what was it we were, talking about? Oh yes, I had just come out of the army and was on a girl’s shopping weekend in the big apple, we went for cocktails and Jacob was there, imagine my surprise, that he had remembered our promise. I was so shocked to see him again, and still crying over a woman, he’d just got over a bad break up ten years ago too! The poor man needed the Master’s guidance, you know with his trust issues, I can tell you.
We had been intimate, all those years ago, as he was between girlfriends at the time. We had a brief few days playing the part of a married couple in a sting and well we had mad passionate sex. I’d say rebound sex, as he got a bloody awful Dear John and well I reaped the rewards. After our mission was over, we made each other a promise, that if in ten years, we weren’t yet married we would marry each other, and we arranged to meet at the bar. I turned up and he was there and well the rest is history, he gave me our child that weekend, it was quite a shock for both of us. Jacob wanted to have a less complicated life, and he had sought out the perfect place to raise our child, and he found the Master and we joined the mission together. He proposed right here funnily enough, when he picked me up, to start our new life journey he had planned out, and well now you too get to share in his life journey. You look quite pale, here eat something.”
“No, I don’t do food, and I’m not fucking living in a commune as a bloody new age hippy. I have needs, like money and fucking doors on a nice house are a must. I don’t want to share a husband, I want my own. Shit, he really has no money left?”
“None and is so very happy, you came for money not Jacob?”
“The real baby’s daddy is a drunken bum I picked up a few weeks back. Shit, I need to get back to Reggie, he’s getting married tomorrow and he will marry me when he knows I’m having his child, he wanted to, but he wasn’t worth as much as Jake. Fuck, I need to get back and quick. Shit I…I…” She was flushed, and she began panicking.
“You don’t have funds to get yourself back home? Shame on you for using Jacob like that, you’re no better than the floozy, who dumped a good hearted serving military man by post, but come to think of it yeah you are the same one from Jacobs description, you fit her perfectly, a dumb blonde, false boobs, with the morals of an alley cat and IQ of a swamp tick. Shame on you, and if you want a tip to bag yourself a new and gullible husband, wear a baggier dress, you can see your panty line and there’s obviously no baby bump. Your dress is too tight to pull a con. You have to do your planning. You shameless hussy.”
“Fuck you and this hippy crap, I need to get back, can you pay or not, or do I wait for Jake? He must have enough for a first-class ticket out of the country time forgot?”
“I will pay to get you away from here, Jacob doesn’t need your bile poisoning his good and healed heart. You are a monster and an ugly person, and you’re not good for Jacob or the mission.” I paid for her to go back in economy, the cheeky bitch wanted first class. I waited for her plane to be called, as I needed to make sure she was on the fucker.
“Well, I’d like to say it was fun, but it wasn’t. I didn’t catch the name is it Sunflower, Moonbeam, or some sort of hippy shit?”
“No, it’s Riley and meeting you was not a pleasure, you make my skin crawl.” Her bony arse pulled her luggage through to departures, I felt sick and as I turned to run, I ran into someone.
“Sorry my fault I… Wasn’t… Jake what are you doing here?”
“Not a lot, Nightmare dropped me off an hour ago, to sort my shit out. I didn’t need to because apparently my pregnant fiancée is doing that all by herself. I’ve had a highly amusing time listening to someone’s tall tales and adventures. You should be a writer Riley.”
“I intend to be, my first novel is about a man posing as a polygamist to trap young women into his world of depraved sexual needs. I have done a little research into it already, who knew I’d need it, sorry, but I couldn’t, well I wouldn’t… Well I mean…”
“Spit it out woman, what couldn’t you do, what Riley?”
“Let her take you away, not now not before…” He stopped me talking and kissed me. He laughed as he pulled away from my still wanting lips.
“We are not expected back until later, I kept the room on it seems I am owed a good time. I think you and me will be fine Riley, just give it a go?”
“What if…”
“…We can live a lifetime on what ifs, what if we don’t and wish we had? I know this has all happened so quickly, but as soon as that door opened, and you had that gun pointed at me, I felt my heart was gonna jump outta my chest, it was like a jackhammer. I tripped over my feet trying to get in to see the owner of the prettiest eyes I had ever seen. I have never fallen so hard or so fast, even she didn’t make me go all gooey eyed and make me so damn. I don’t know what the words I’m looking for are, apart from blown away and love struck. I think when I said I was falling in love with you I meant to say I’m in love with you Riley? I was so worried when you went on your walk Riley. I would hate anything to happen to you, and that was when I realised what if I never saw you again, I would have lost you without telling you I love you.” I smiled as his lips came down for another kiss.
“Jake, can we take this slowly?” He led me to my car.
“If that’s what you want, then I’m good with that. I need to check out of the hotel then.”
“You really fell for her? I can’t believe it, sheisk men, what is it with blondes with boobs attracting the stupidest of the male species?” He looked embarrassed.
“What can I say, other than when we were together she had a pull on me that I could never figure out, it was like she was all I was worthy of. She made me believe I was too good for her and I believed it, that she was some kinda prize, but she wasn’t, you are you are the best prize ever. I didn’t realise until I heard her spouting the crap about being pregnant and that I would be choosing her over you. How did you know she was going to pull that trick? I wouldn’t have fallen for it by the way, I am real naive when it comes to this love shit, but even I knew looking at her, she isn’t pregnant enough for it to be mine. Thanks for the helping hand, I owe you the money for the fare, that’s the least I can do, come on my pregnant fiancée, we need to get those legs up and rested.”
“Err you heard all the conversation then?”
“I did and loved how you coveted my ass again and had me covered. Thanks Riley, I may like you a whole lot more.”
“Umm, do you want to drive and take me for breakfast at the place we went to before?”
“Yeah, my treat, I like the ring where did that come from?” I passed him the keys.
“It was Mum’s. I figured I needed it to look good.”
“You were very believable, and fancy using poor Old Moor House as a hippy free love commune. In you get, I need to feed you and my twin boys.” As he opened the door I smiled and kissed him, his hands came around my waist and pulled me into him. We kissed for an age, until a snowball hit us straight in the face.
“Stop face killing her and get a room, has the Hog gone for good you moron?”
“Shark you bastard, that was so not called for, and yes she was on that last flight, and her ass is out of here.”
“We’re freezing our nuts off whilst you two finally decide to get it together. The road out is blocked, we may be stuck here for a couple of days, we’ve kept the rooms on and are going to the diner are you two coming?”
“No Shark, we are going for some alone time over breakfast.”
“Okay, see you back at the hotel later, you too Riley.” They drove off laughing.
“It seems we need the hotel room, and then I need stuff, if I’m stopping here, and my belly thinks my throat has been cut, take me to breakfast Jake.” This could work. I like how I feel in his arms and his kisses hit that tingly spot of the brain, and I go weak at the knees when he holds me.
“Get in Riley; I have to feed my woman.” 
“Don’t go all cave man on me, or I will kick your arse Manners.”
“Yes Ma’am. I love it when you get angry your lip twitches here.” More kisses are given as he stops my lips from twitching.


CHAPTER SIX:


We pulled up to the small diner we were in before, and as I jumped out of the car Jake was there with a protective arm around me.
“This way Ma’am, breakfast is served, does our baby want anything special, maybe a pickle or something?”
“Thank you and no, I am fine, but after this I need a change of clothes and a toothbrush and stuff.”
“Okay, I guess I can do some shopping with you, besides I need to transfer funds to you for Jen’s plane ticket.”
“It was worth every dollar to get her out of the way. I may be really hungry, oh and I need coffee too.”
“I will feed and clothe you then…”
“Err no, I will feed us, and I can clothe myself, Jacob Moore.”
“Yes Ma’am, if you insist.” He laughs and as we sit in the booth, the same one we were in before, he smiles.
“This time you can accidently touch my leg for real now.” I murmured oh, rather loudly, he knew I did that.
“This booth was too small for your damn long legs.”
“Keep telling yourself that Riley, you know you want them wrapped around you.” I blushed, good grief he can read me like a book.
“Shush, Deloris is coming our way.” He held my hand in his and raised it to his lips, kissing it, as she got to the table.
“Aww it’s the lovebirds again, how’s things at the manor house?”
“It was fine yesterday, but we came into town last night and the road back there is snowbound.”
“We kinda get that a lot, the roads out there aren’t top priority, and your place probably has its own tractor plough. In fact, I know it did, because ole Harry used to help clear his neighbour access to town as well as his own.” She topped our mugs with coffee.
“Great to know, we haven’t as yet got to all the outbuildings, we have been concentrating on the inside, Deloris.” Jacob sipped the hot coffee as he watched her.
“Did you know him well, Harry I mean?” I asked eager to know about the sweet old man left to go mad on his own.
“Yeah, he was always in, he loved my peach cobbler and coffee, when he came in for supplies he would never miss a chance for a chat, his wife Killy was a sweetheart too. May God rest her soul, that mad son of hers was the death of her. They came into town in his bright red Chevy pickup. They would load up on stores, stop here for lunch and be back in their own world up there before dinner. We never saw them, not until the next visit to town for supplies, but they and he later, never missing out on a chin wag and a catch up in here.” I smiled.
“Are we too late for pancakes, bacon and eggs?”
“No Honey, we can do that for you and you Jake, what do you want?”
“The same please with extra pancakes please Ma’am.” She took our order and shouted it through. As we were waiting, two of the drunken rabble walked through the doors of the diner.
“Oh, if it isn’t our hunky dude, where did you go last night you promised me a dance?”
“You promised me more.” The other whined. I smiled as Jake struggled to remember his actions of the night before.
“Sorry ladies, as you can see I am with my fiancée, for breakfast and if you wouldn’t mind we were discussing private things.” Jake smiled. “I’m so sorry about last night, I was a little worse for wear, but at no time did I intend to lead you to think there was a chance at intimacy with me, that I’m saving for my fiancée, please meet Riley the woman who I love and the one who came to rescue me from your grips, and what are you like eighteen? Go have fun with the frat boys little ladies.” They walked off in a huff.
“Jacob Moore, you ole Romeo, you were tactful and pissed off and all in the same put down.” 
“I was too drunk to do anything, as well you know, because had I known it was you in my bed things would be a whole lot different now.”
“As in we’d have had sex?”
“Damn fine sex and loads of it, and if you don’t stop doing that to my leg Baby, we’re going back to the hotel room right now.” I smiled; I’d slipped out of my Uggs and had been massaging his groin with my foot. He reached down and firmly massaged my foot leading me to moan a little loudly. Oh hell, hurry up with my breakfast Deloris.
“Stop that it’s too nice. Are you sure this is what you want Jake? What if it goes wrong and we argue and fall out?”
“What if we don’t and it’s the best thing ever? Let’s give it a try, and worry about those damned what ifs later?” I nodded as he leant over and kissed me.
“Alright then feed me, clothe me and then make love to me Jake.”
“In that order, damn what if I can’t wait that long?”
“I eat fast and shop even quicker.” He laughed as Deloris placed our breakfast before us.
“To be young and so in love, it brings back memories, eat and enjoy.” We both added our thanks in unison and as we ate, we looked at each other, the pent-up feelings were like a firework waiting to explode. I had to wonder what the hell sex with him would be like, as I’d only ever made love to Allan? I was not really that great at it. Allan said it was me that was crap at it, what if I was as crap as he said I was? What would I do then? We finished our food, after paying and tipping Deloris well. We left for a department store and I sent Jake for toothbrushes and toiletries as I did a shop for the clothes I needed for probably two days. 
“I have the things we need Baby and stuff for me, jeans and tee shirts for a couple of days, you got everything Baby?”
“Yes Jake, jeans, tee shirts a couple of jumper’s underwear and sleepwear and shoes. Can we keep a bag in the back of our vehicles in future?” He laughed and took my bags, now I was nervous. We were heading back to our room.
“We can wait until bedtime; if you want and just spend some time talking and shit, you know get to know each other?”
“Umm, are you back tracking Jake?”
“No far from it, I want to take you now here in the car, come on let’s get back.” The drive back to the hotel was quick and the rush to get to the elevator even quicker and the ride up not slow enough, as we made out like school kids in the small lift.
“Wow Jake get the door open and now.”
“Your wish Ma’am…” Throwing in the bags, I shut the door making sure that the do not disturb sign was hooked on the door. “…Is my command, those ornery idiots best keep away for the afternoon, hell for the rest of the day?”
“Less talking more stripping Jake…” He and I stripped and as we did, we kissed, shit it was mayhem, we were a mess of tangled clothes, arms, kisses, more arms, more kisses and as I got to the underwear he wowed…
“Allow me Baby, you have a fantastic body, I don’t think I have ever seen such beautiful flawless skin before.” He kissed my neck and as he leaned into me, I felt him up close and as he held me kissing me, I rubbed my hand over his bulging underwear.
“Umm, you are happy to see me Jake, can I?”
“You don’t have to ask it’s yours Baby.” I dropped to my knees and as I did, I pulled his boxers down. Wow, he was larger than Allan both in width and length. I smiled up at him, and as I did, I kissed his dick and he groaned. I licked the bulbous end, tasting the salty wetness of him as the milky arousal escaped.
“Fuck Baby yes, please Baby all the way.” I did as he asked licking the thick vein that went from base to the ridge under his crown, running my tongue around the deep edge, he groaned deeper, and as I took him in my mouth he involuntary started to spasm, he oh fucked. I smiled and oh fuck was the right word, he tasted great. I sucked a little more, taking him in towards the back of my throat and a little more than I should have, having never done this before I wondered how much I could take, because I gagged as I hit the back of my throat.
“Baby, no more it will hurt if you take more. Please just suck.” I ummed as I sucked in and out, taking him out licking the end, and then back in again and taking him further and further. “Fuck get on the bed Baby we need to work out together.” We fell on the bed and as I continued, he had me straddle him. My backside was there for him to see as I feasted upon his dick. “Yeah Baby carry on, please that’s good, now let me see to you. Baby you’re so wet for me.” I sucked harder as his tongue found my sex, his gentle flipping movements over the hot and aroused bud, made me work him harder. I needed to please him. We were frantic together, as he licked, I sucked in and out over and over, he then placed his fingers within me and I stopped making love to his dick with my mouth and cried in sheer pleasure.
“Yes, yes, yes, I’m coming Jake please don’t stop, please don’t.” I shook and as I came, it hurt, this was a new experience for me and as I came, he sucked harder, his mouth had replaced the fingers.
“Oh hell, you taste nice get up here I need to make love to you and hard.”
“Jake, I want you to fuck me hard for now, we can make love later.”
“Yes Ma’am. Are you covered, or do I need these?” He removed a handful of extra large condoms from his jeans.
“Err I have the shot and I am clean having never slept with anyone other than my husband and the last checkups were fine, how about you?”
“As soon as I got to New York I had the tests and all of them were clean Baby.”
“Well what are you waiting for, take me then.”
“Umm, your bossy.” He smiled as he took me in a quick and deadly takedown, my head exploded as the monster that had been in my mouth was now making me cry in ecstasy, he felt wonderful. It felt great and my womanly bits felt like they were being worshipped. I screamed in sheer pleasure as Jake moved more of himself into me.
“Oh God Baby your good to be in, I think Baby I love you a whole lot more.”
“Argh, yes, yes, yes I love you too, and if you only think you love me then I’m not doing this right.”
“Fuck I know you’re doing this right Baby, just for that here, have it all.” He was now buried deep within me and silent, as he wriggled on top of me.
“Oh yes, yes Jake yes…” I came and hard, harder than I ever have before and as I did the hot feeling rising from my toes to the top of my head suddenly changed to and icy cold shot then the shaking began, and then my body did something it never had before it exploded around him. My sex was sore and burning as his body lay down on mine. I screamed as I came repeatedly and as he moved within me he made my world turn upside down. I came again, this time came with a fierce and yet painfully nice feeling, it was too hard to put in words, but someone once said it felt like a million deaths, shit I had to agree. I had died and gone to heaven. I blacked out for the shortest of times and as I came to, he was finding his own release. 
“Oh hell Riley, oh hell Baby yes, God yes…” He and I were joined in a crumpled heap on the bed.
“Well, Jacob Moore that we have to do again…”
“Hu, oh hell yes, I can’t believe we were so good together, are you alright you weirded out on me for a second?”
“I died and went to a place I never went before, shush I’m catching my breath here kind Sir.”
“God that was good, real good Baby…” I smiled up at him as he rained down kisses to my wonton lips. I fell into the kisses as we went for it again and again. We showered together, washing the day’s activities from our bodies. I was embarrassed as I turned and saw him looking at me before he entered the shower.
“Your body is beautiful and what you do with it amazes me Baby.”
“Umm, right back at ya. Need something Mr Moore?”
“Hell yeah, but you said you were sore. Can I perhaps sooth away the feeling by having you join me? Let me help wash away our sinful afternoon of loving?” I laughed, what we did in one afternoon was probably outlawed in several states. He poured the shower gel on the sponge and gently washed me everywhere, taking great care between my legs, he was quite right when he said I was sore.
“Ouch Jake, Lord I ache like you wouldn’t believe.”
“Umm, I feel the same Baby you may have broken him, see.” I washed him, taking paying particular attention to his dick, my God he was hard again, but I was too sore to do that, but I helped ease the hardness from him, as I played with him, my hand began moving up and down his length as he kissed me, pulling harder and harder as he begged me to, he slid down the shower wall to make it easier and as he did he smiled. “We work well together, is it too soon to ask you to marry me?” I stopped what I was doing. “Baby don’t stop; just think about it, I want you to be mine.”
“I am yours I don’t do the cheating thing. I think knowing you only a little over a week is too soon, give it time, you may hate me in another week.” He groaned as he finally came.
“Umm, I highly doubt that Baby, I was so turned on in the airport when you said we were getting married I thought for a minute all you were saying was true.”
“Jake, I love you like I have never loved anyone before, the minute I saw you it was like wow, I needed you I wanted you, you are all mine Jake and I don’t need a ring to say hey girl’s hand’s off, he’s mine.”
“Umm, but I want the fellas to know it too. I want my ring on your finger. I want your body next to mine each and every night.” I laughed.
“Right, we agreed to take time with this Jake, and you already have me in bed, so quit it for now, besides I want the jaw dropping proposal, work on that and get back to me next week.” He laughed and got out of the shower tying a towel around his waist and he passed me one too.
“I will work on it Baby. Until then get dressed I’m feeding my woman.” He flicked me with his towel, leading me to gawp at his readying erection. Did it never stop? “Erg Euston we have a situation.” I laughed.
“Well think of something gross I’m all worn out Mr Moore. Think of something else, like oh I don’t know your old English teacher and her seeing you having sex?”
“Baby, my old English teacher was kinda every boy’s wet dream back I high school,” I murmured oh, loudly, “I may have to think of old Miss George, the canteen assistant, now she was weird, and she had chin hair and a beard.” It worked. “Who’d have thought that would have done the job, but I’m not wasting that again, will you be alright for a rerun later?” I nodded as I dressed, he watched from the bed. “You’re one fine lady, I’m so glad I got the job, can I admit, I can’t even remember applying for the damn thing. I’m sure as hell glad I sent the reply saying I was open to talks.”
“What you too? I filled in loads of applications, but this job I couldn’t remember applying for? I wondered if I’d had a drink and done it then, but accepted it thinking it was a joke job, you know the old saying if it seems too good to be true it isn’t? Then when the files came I figured what the hell.”
“Same here, shit this gets weirder and weirder Baby.” He dressed in no time at all, looking kind of hot, in a sexy sort of laid back way. Black jeans and black shirt and a thick cream cable knit jumper for warmth thrown on top of it wow. I went for the near same look, but in red, over black jeans and put on the new black Uggs, I loved my Uggs, lord what did I do before I fell in love with them?
“Ready to face the Spanish Inquisition, I have a phone full of missed calls and texts. They are at Rubies waiting for us, as we won a keg last night. One I think they may have already drank the contents of.”
“Well at least your theme song won’t be drunk tonight, how about Sex Bomb Sex Bomb?” He laughed.
“Why thank you, kind lady. I will sing Lady in Red, in your honour.” Kisses given and ummed over, as we walked to the bar, they were there. The Hummer was parked, and they were already drunk when we arrived, to the cheers of the four of them.
“So you thought to put in an appearance, we have been trying to get you all day. Where were you both?” Detective asked.
“We were talking and catching up in our room, if you must know, sleeping and catching up.” Detective was about to say something when I shot him down.
“Jake was being nice, we got to know each other in every sense of the word, so don’t go there, Detective.” He blushed.
“God woman your uncouth, I was only gonna ask had you eaten and now I have the image of Mom and Pop screwing all day, argh wash my brain with wire wool and coal tar soap. I’m going to have a scared upbringing now.”
“Yeah right, you can’t be more scared than I was walking in to see you in bed with two college chicks.” Peanut was shaking his head.
“Is it my fault I am so drop dead fuckable?” I laughed. “Shit sorry Riley. I forgot you don’t know about Detective and his imaginary sex god thing he has going on.” Nightmare laughed and slapped his head.
“They came home with Shark, Peanut and me, but I sleep alone and not around, and so they jumped in bed with you. You were drunk as a skunk, snoring and for the record they were too drunk to put out stud. They slept, washed and went straight to the diner for breakfast, you were too mean to go with them and pay for their food.” I murmured oh, they were the girls who’d come on to Jake.
“Umm, to be in your head for a minute Detective, and give it a good clean and polish.” Jake laughed as he too slapped his head.
“Well fuck me I thought I was sore down there for that reason?”
“Nah, that was the result of a knee kick you got from the chick you told looked like the back end of a donkey, and you’d only fuck her with a bag on her head. Only it turned out she is a lady lumberjack up here and kicked your nuts into your throat, she bats for the other team too Detective. You really shouldn’t be left to your own devices.” Shark told him of his antics last night as Detective buried his head in his arms on the table.
“Kill me now, at least before you said that I was a happy man. Did anyone get lucky last night except Manners?” They all laughed and threw the sauce packages at him.
“Jake I’m starving.” He was still holding my hand under the table stroking his fingers gingerly over my knuckles.
“We have ordered a whole heap of food Riley, and we have been in touch with Henry, who has the snow plough ready to go and first thing in the morning will clear a path to the road the main road is clear, and we can all go back tomorrow. We have supplies we need in the humvee and have ordered the bigger stuff delivered later next week.”
“Great, Deloris said the old fella who lived there did that, he helped clear the road for access to the main road. Did he have trouble starting it?”
“No, he cleared the road before Riley first got there, a couple of days before and he was just waiting for the snow to stop, before he did it again. He said he will get on it first thing in the morning. He is missing you Riley, he asked where you both were too. I said sleeping off a headache.” I laughed and blushed at the same time. “He says we need milk and bread and could you possibly bring him some pie from the little breakfast place by the telephone exchange a place called Barbs?” Interesting thought.
“We have breakfast in there this morning Jake. Yes, I will get him a couple and I can make him some too, was he alright?”
“Fine, I swear you mother him, he likes it too, as does Manners here. Quit with the love stuff, I’m missing my two ladies like shit here.” I gave Nightmare a hug.
“They should have come with you.”
“Argh, I don’t think so. My lady likes her luxuries like heat and warmth and going for a short stroll to the shops, Lana isn’t very outdoorsy Riley, but heck Gracie loves hiking and going camping, and having just Daddy and Daughter time.” I laughed. “Yeah she would love it here.” He sighed, it’s best they get it done quickly, he’s missing his family.
“I couldn’t have left those two all the times you must have Nightmare. It must have killed you being away on ops and stuff.” I asked the question of Nightmare as Jake grabbed my hand, Christ, had I hit a nerve?
“It did and to be honest with you Gracie wasn’t planned, but I’m sure as hell happy she’s here now, but no we knew it would be hard, but Lana is an understanding woman, her dad was a serving member of the military too. She and I grew up as army brats together, our dads were best friends and she knew when we married, I was in the marines for life, she just wasn’t that keen when I became a Seal.”
“Oh, so you have known Lana a long time?”
“Yeah, pretty much, she and her brother, my best friend, lived next door to us. I have known her all her life, she’s seven years younger than me and I was there when her mom brought her home playing with Tom her brother, in the yard, he hated her and I fell in love with her right there right then when she grabbed my finger, and not one of you better say anything. I loved her like a sister and watched over her like one too. I was in training when I came home to find her crying, her date had let her down for her prom and I put on my uniform and took her to her formal, and as we danced I fell head over heels in love with her and we dated for five years before she agreed to marry me. Best dance I ever had the last one that night.” He sighed as Jake smiled.
“Aww, that’s a cute story Nightmare, really sweet.” I gushed, as Jake past me a serviette. Apparently, I was crying, damn it.
The food came, and the table was full, surely, they couldn’t eat all this? I helped myself to the fried chicken, the fries and some sticky ribs, as they ate, they joked and smiled. I loved the friendship they had; they were really the best of friends. I was full and drinking my lager, as those pesky giggling women walked over to our table, just as Jakes arm came over my shoulder, his kisses to my neck were the finishing touch to send them away again.
“Umm, I think we need to use the rest room Baby.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, and I’m gonna fuck you hard and fast Baby, even Miss George isn’t getting rid of this hard on.” I whispered I’d meet him in a second. He disappeared and I went for more drinks taking the two pitchers with me, as I went to the rest room, an arm came out and pulled me to an adjacent store room, shutting the door Jake had his fingers undoing the buttons of my jeans and was pulling them down, as mine fumbled with his, he was almost primal in his need for me, he lifted me up and fucked me hard on top of the washing machine, what is it with him and these damned machines?
“Sorry Baby, hard and fast with not much loving here, I need you, need you now. Oh Baby don’t hold back please come for me.” I did and hard, just as he exploded within me shivering to his end.
“Wow what brought that on Jake?”
“The guys haven’t taken their eyes off my lady all night and I needed you bad Baby, real bad.”
“Thank you boys, now I need to clean up Jake.”
“No, I want to know part of me is still in you as we dance, and the fellas look on, kinky I know but I want you to know it too.”
“Oh Jake, I know you’ve been there, I really know you’ve paid a visit. I may ache a little more now.” He laughed as he helped me down, as he did he slapped my bare arse cheek and as he did I cried out, wow that wasn’t what I expected, it was nice.
“Shit sorry Riley, too hard?”
“I may need more of them later that was kinky too.”
“Really, we will have to see what we can do Baby, let’s get back how are you feeling really?”
“Mussed up and sort of uncomfortable, I need a shower when I get back. Never am I doing this again, you dirty man you.”
“I am as guilty as charged, but only ever with you.” Damn right only with me. We grabbed the pitchers of lager and sat back down. I felt weird knowing his come was still inside me and as he smiled, he lent forward, and whispered in my ear…
“Feel me inside you Baby and imagine the fun we will have later showering you clean.”
“Jake, I feel you, I see you and I want you. What have you done to me? You have turned me into a nympho.” 
“That’s a bad thing then?”
“Lord, hell no…” We were in childish fits of laughter as we got up to dance.
“Would my lady care to join me?” I took his hand and he led me around the floor wearing me like a badge of honour on his arm… “Well, sexy lady, how are you really feeling about us?”
“Weirded out, is that even a word? I feel strange perhaps, yes strange, strange that I have taken such a massive leap of faith with you. You and I, we well I don’t know, we feel right. This feels so right; do you know what I mean Jake?”
“I do, we fit perfectly, and in more ways than one. The way you fought my battle for me was amazing to see, I nearly swooped you up in my arms there and then. How could she pull so many of my strings Riley, promise me never to do that, use me? I couldn’t take it if you did that.”
“I won’t, I promise you, now those party girls are really annoying me. I may be punching a few pretty little bitches’ eyes in a bit.”
“You have no need to feel jealous, I’m right where I want to be, come on there’s a drink with your name on at the table.” He held me tightly as the girls made their move, to be quickly side stepped by Jake, picking me up and carrying me bridal style to the table.
“Why thank you, kind Sir.”
“You’re welcome perdy lady.” I laughed as he doffed his imaginary hat at me. Wow, I need him now…
“We’re heading back you two coming?” We nodded in unison.
“Have you had a drink Riley?”
“One, we both have why?”
“We need a driver for the humvee.” I smiled and took the keys from Nightmare.
“Good job we have two responsible adults here.”
“Yeah, yeah Nightmare has had too many, Peanut has gone off with the party girls and Detective is falling asleep, he’s been given the knockback so many times tonight, he is devastated that his wit and charm have failed him, he hoped to sing one to death, he wants to sing to get a lady, but Karaoke’s only on Saturday nights for the lumberjacks, he then sang that he was a lumberjack and he’s alright and that lady lumberjack he insulted last night has kneed him in his nethers again, and even if he could sing, he ain’t singing anything but a song in the altissimo range now.” I murmured oh, poor Detective has sore nuts two days on the trot.
“I ain’t feeling so good, I may need surgery to remove them from my neck Riley, she is a touchy beast woman, she’s a damned man, I was right.” I laughed as we helped him to the car. “Good job my mama raised a gentleman, or I’d have gone all Rambo on her arse, bitch knew I wouldn’t hit a woman, even if she has a beast of a she man thing going on.”
“Let’s get you back to the hotel before you get yourself in more trouble with the locals.”
“Thank you, Mom and Pop, tuck me in Mom?”
“Do you want me to leave you here for Lumber Jane to get you? My lady is off limits.”
“Aww shucks my man has gone all caveman, I could ask Jake to check your nuts for you, as I’m afraid first aid isn’t my strong suit. Come on, let’s go back for Nightmare, why is he drunk?”
“Umm, the wife has had enough of the long distant thing now, but he promised Jake he’d help him out.” I had a moment. Please tell me he isn’t here and putting his marriage in difficulty?
“Well, he can fly back tomorrow, if the airports open, and spend a few days back there. We can cover the installation, and he just needs to come and do his teckie stuff with the security and the internet.” Jake was concerned for his buddy. We got the happy unhappy drunk in the car and I drove mine back following closely behind Jake. Putting the cripple and the drunk to bed, we retired to our room. As I opened the door I smelt a heady smell of lily’s and strawberry’s, the room was filled with tiny flickering tea lights and rose petals were strewn across the whole floor, their soft silky petals were beautiful to walk across in my now bare feet, the room smelt as heavenly as the man hugging my backside.
“Get in, the surprise isn’t over yet.” I murmured oh, with tears in my eyes, what is he up to?
“Jake when and how did you do all this?”
“I had the girls in reception do it. I have a jaw dropping proposal to make.” I murmured oh, yet again, this was meant to be, he and I were meant to be here.
“Jake the answers yes, yes please will you marry me?”
“Uh huh, I thought you wanted the knee drop and the romance, but yeah Baby, I would marry you tomorrow.” He came in for a hug and knelt down on one knee. “Miss Summers would you do me the great honour of wearing my mom’s ring for me, it is given to you with love and given with the promise to make every day happy and give you everything you will ever need, a family and with any luck a home anywhere you want to live and most importantly giving you this means I am giving you my heart, it’s yours and yours alone.” I murmured oh again, it was all I could do.
“Jake, I didn’t get you a ring, but this is beautiful, it is really beautiful, is it a ruby?”
“I was Mom’s birthstone, if you want a new ring I will get you one, but this was given to me with the instruction to give it to the mother of her grandbabies, so Miss Summers is that a yes? I know I said yes to your request for a permanent hold on this body, so is yours mine to have and to hold?”
“Oh yes definitely yours Mr Moore and the more that goes with it.” I was now the happiest I had ever been. Really, I knew what it meant to be happy, feeling silly and giddy and so, so in love. Talk about going from zero to a hundred miles an hour and all in mere minutes, which was the description of the quickness of this match, a wondrous happening and one for me that felt so right.
“Speak to me Baby, you’re kinda quiet there?” He kissed my neck. “I didn’t know what love was until I met you, because what I thought was love was simply infatuation, that isn’t love at all. This is like all my Christmas and birthdays have come at once, thank you for being at Moor House early and making me fall so stupidly in love with you Anne Riley Summers. Marry me soon and I mean real soon.” I murmured oh again, that’s all I had done in the last however many minutes I had been staring at the beautiful ring on my finger.
“Jake I can’t speak I’m speechless, I love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you…”
“You love me? I guess that makes us even, because I love you too. Now practicalities, I can’t fuck you senseless in all those clothes and we have a shower to have, you’re all mussed up from earlier.”
“I am a little moist there Jake, wanna scrub my back?”
“You only had to ask, now strip Baby.” I removed my clothes seductively, parading around the room dragging the jeans behind me and slowly undoing the buttons slipping the blouse down my arms and allowing it to pool at my feet, taking off my bra I turned and looked over my shoulder blowing him a kiss, he rubbed his groin and sighed.
“Baby, that’s kinda sexy, off, off, off…”
“Patience Mr Moore, is a virtue, do you want to undo the hooks for me?” He nodded. As I sat on his thighs he cupped my breasts hard and bit playfully at me neck, I could feel his arousal beneath my bottom. Oh, he was enjoying the show. I stood up and slipped out of the lacy knickers and finally naked I sat on the bed looking all seductive and demure.
“Your turn Jake and take your time I want to savour every moment.”
“Yes Ma’am.” He took of his belt, pulling it free and slinging it across the chair, with a sensual swipe of his lips with that magical tongue of his, he slowly unbuttoned his fly, and his hands inched down his pants and his hands fondled his dick. Oh my days, I found his playing with himself highly arousing. “Baby make yourself come, whilst I take these off.” His jeans fell to the floor and he slipped out of them. His shirt was abandoned, and he joined me on the bed as I licked my fingers and strolled my labia, my arousal making me slick. I murmured oh, over and over as we each masturbated together, his hand came across and helped bring me to a heart stopping climax. My head was thrown back as I yes, yes, yes yessed.
“Jesus baby go down on me, please I want to come in your mouth.” I kissed his body following the happy trail of hair that lead to the aroused appendage that stood to attention and it jerked as he got comfy, I went down on him, as he returned the pleasure, my sex was licked and sucked as he mirrored my movements on his cock.
“Jake you’re a big boy I want to see how far I can take you.”
“Umm Baby slowly, but God that’s amazing, umm Baby deeper wow Baby yeah.” I gagged as the thick shaft touched the back of my throat, I wanted to hurl as he pushed it further in. “Hell, you’re going deep, gheeze three inches and you have it all I sucked and took it all!” He jerked out a little and in again. “Fuck me Baby your amazing,” suck, suck, suck my God, he is hard and long, “fuck I love this.” I pulled out and my saliva had wetted his cock. “Gheeze Baby I wanted to shoot my load then, fuck, climb on and fuck me hard.”
I’d watched a porn clip a time or two to get me off, imagining the cock on the laptop screen was there instead of Slim. I bounced on his dick as he slid inside me, and I moved in small jerky movements and circled my hips on his cock. I giggled on top of him like the porn star I envisaged I was. He slapped my buttocks and I loved it.
“Harder Jake spank me harder, oh Jake, yes like that.”
“Baby, your pink, really pink, fuck me harder Baby I’m coming.” I climbed off him as he let out a freakish begging sound, whining for me to continue and to stop where I was. I smiled and began my onslaught of his dick tasting the pre-come as I feasted on his length tasting myself on him was erotic and I was enjoying not being me for the first time in forever. I rose and fell on him taking him in, in his entirety gagging and rising again. I quickened the movements when his legs stiffened, the obvious signs he was ready to explode, and boy did he. He filled my mouth with the warm salty tasting fluid that pumped in. I sucked at his cock salaciously, sucking harder and harder, gagging as I swallowed the lot, lapping the end as he came down, and boy was that an erotic finish my first time swallowing his milky load.
“Baby, Baby I fucking love you; really love you and your talents.”
“Umm, right back at you. That tongue should be registered as a lethal weapon, you nearly killed me Jake.” I took a sip of the water from the bottle on the bedside table.
“Baby get up here I need you like now.” Damn this man can lock and load damn quickly. I was lucky if Allan and I managed one and some fumbling, shit sometimes the fumbling made him climax, shit I’m wandering. I climbed on and rode him cowboy style, my backside doing the giggling motions as he slammed hard into me, wow my first orgasm was followed by another and another as I did I fell forward worn out, as I did he climbed on my back and continued to fuck me hard, doggy style hard and long strokes pounded into me each one sending pulses of sheer pleasure to the part of my brain that was speaking in an unknown dialect, a sort of fuck me Chinese I think?
“Jake please harder spank me spank me hard, oh Jake.” I rubbed at my clit and as he continued his marathon onslaught, I rubbed the very sensitive nub, I know I came hard, because I convulsed on Jake’s dick and wow I now had him clamped it tightly inside of me.
“Baby… Baby… Baby… Baby… Baby… Baby… Yes, fuck yes, I’m coming hard, hard Riley take it take it all of it yeahhhhssss. I’m yours, yours, just yours.” He held me tightly until the last of his warm seed was inside me, rubbing my belly as he came, then when he had finished he began caressing my boobs and twisting my nipples in his hands.
“Wow Jake, I mean wow; no words can describe what we have just done.”
“The… Pleasure… Was… All… Mine… All mine Baby, that fucking wiped me out, get in here and snuggle, sappy I know, we will shower after we nap a little.” I snuggled as requested, not that I wanted to be anywhere else, and as he held me against his hot sweaty body my boobs were suctioned to his chest with my own sweat. The gentle rise and fall of his chest was soothing me to sleep, wow I was happy really happy, thank you, old man for giving me a future…


CHAPTER SEVEN:


Waking to the room in darkness, the tea lights had flicked their last flames and the room was in darkness, save for the street light, casting its shadow against the snow filled tree, its branches heavy with snow fall and icicles. I stared at Jake sleeping soundly at my side, his naked body wrapped around mine. I touched the muscles on his chest tracing the very defined line between his chest, the chiselled abs I ran my hand over, the eight hard muscles were firm beneath my hand as he stirred, the ridged v to his dick was taught and impressive, I smiled as his eyes opened finally looking into mine.
“Hello beautiful, so that wasn’t a dream then? If it was then I need more awesome dreams like that, and if it was real, umm I one lucky son of a bitch.”
“Jake, you know damn well it was real, but can I let you in on a secret, we dreamed the same dreams. I guess we had amazing sex all evening, what are we going to do we need to be off in a couple of hours, and we need to sort out Nightmares flight home. Perhaps he can bring Gracie back with him and go home Friday after the lads all finish, is it going to take them long?”
“Why, do you want me to yourself?”
“I have you all to myself now, now where were we before you woke up and stopped my admiration of this body? Umm that’s right I was here, right here this little spot here.” I leant down and kissed the bottom of the v. His dick had sprung to life before he woke, and I was about to wake him with a smile.
“Baby, let me do the worshipping of your body. Seems only fair you ogled my sleeping butt.”
“Nahah, I didn’t get as far as your backside, now that I’d really like to squeeze.” He rolled over and told me to squeeze away. I obliged after I ran to the bathroom and took out a moisturiser from the complementary basket in the bathroom.
“Let me relax you with a massage, here lay on the towel we may get a little messy.” He got up.
“You do realise it’s hard to lie on my stomach with the mother of all hard on’s?” I smirked.
“Oh, I didn’t realise. Let me help you out, he needs a massage too.” I squirted a small amount of the cream into my hand and worked his dick in slow long strokes and each one was met with an approving groan of satisfaction. I was knelt between his thighs worshipping the new toy at my disposal. Up and down as Jake oh godded several times when suddenly his legs came up and flopped open, I massaged the cream into his balls, then pulled and pushed at his length, the moans becoming guttural cries from Jake, begging for me to finish him with my mouth. I obliged, as I seemed to get just as much enjoyment about pleasing him, as he did from receiving it. I’m sucking just the end like a lolly and humming and arghing as I do,   
“Jake do you like this?” I lapped at the silky end, sucking the slit and sticking my tongue in the crevice, sent him into frenzy as I sucked and lapped.
“Baby I really need to fuck you; like now I can’t wait I need to be in you, filling you, giving you my all. How long before we can have kids Riley?” I was shocked he wanted to start a family straight away. “I’m older than you Riley. I need to be having them soon.” I was a little shocked, he wants children so soon.
“The one I had in was put in after the baby you know, when I lost the baby and I’m not sure if we plummeted for the five year or the three year, I have a feeling it’s the five year rod, it can be taken out at any time though, and it’s a simple reversal procedure.” We’re talking about birth control whilst making love great…
“Can we do that?” He really wants a child, and with me?
“Yes, if you really want a child with me?” He smiled that smile, as he looked down at me, he thrust hard inside me and as he did, he laughed.
“No, I want loads, not just the one.” I seem to be doing this a lot, but I murmured oh, again. “Now less talking and more between the sheets action Riley we are getting side tracked, nice place to be whilst we side track, feel that Baby? That what you do to me.”
“Umm, shush and keep doing that Jake, do it now please don’t stop.” We came together shrieking like a banshee as I did.
“I thought those foxes as Moor house sounded familiar, my Baby is a screamer.” I know I shushed him before attacking the shower. We had a home to go to. As Jake joined me in the shower we held each other as the water cascaded over us, no sex, just the much needed cuddle and clean up. The bags were packed, and we headed into reception, the guys seemed to be hung over. The reception gave Nightmare his boarding passed, which I’d sent to reception to be printed, and we dropped him off at the airport the lads jovial banter was nice to see. Nightmare looked glad to be going home for the week, the lads said they could do the grunt work and get him in to put the pretty finishes to their most awesome work.
Gheeze, I’ll actually miss them when they leave for New York. They have a big security firm there and all five are partners Jake included, though he put the money in, he is just a sleeping partner. I know he said he had a lot of money, but how much was a lot. Not that it bothered me, I was wealthy in my own right. It seems we have a lot still to learn about each other. We headed into the diner to pick up the pies I’d ordered for Henry, and phoned to see how the pets were doing, they were doing well, we could have them at the weekend and I couldn’t wait. In the mean time, we had work to do and a lot of it, the workmen had not been able to get in either, so today would be a busy day. Jake and I shopped for food and packed his car and mine to the brim with dried goods and food stuffs for the freezers. Let me see the Man Mountains eat me out of kitchen this week. We got back as the sun was setting, the lads were already here and getting stuck in, they helped unload the cars and Jake and I caught up with Henry who was looking much more relaxed in the house, in fact he looked at home in the old man’s clothes.
“We are the bearer of the almighty peach cobbler and apple pie from Deloris, they are heavenly it has to be said.”
“Thank you Riley. I hear from the boys that you two are an item, and are courting?” I blushed as Jake held me tightly.
“We are, and I hope our boss doesn’t mind giving us time off for a honeymoon, she has agreed to marry me Henry and yes we know it has happened quickly, but we sort of clicked straight away.”
“I did that with both of my wives, sadly I outlived both of them, but I asked Mary, my first wife to marry me the same night we met. I first danced with her at a barn dance, back then though out here a widow woman raising five young daughters was glad to see the back of another mouth to feed and gladly accepted my offer to marry her eldest daughter, but sadly she died in childbirth…” He was sad, and we didn’t push him more to explain her death or if the child survived. “So you two, I cannot stress the importance of grabbing every happiness life throws at you, whether it be for many happy years or just the three he blessed Mary and I with.” He helped me with the unpacking as Jake moved his things to my room. Henry never mentioned wife number two, and I did not push him, he’d tell us if it was important.
The week went in an amazing blaze of activity, the ground floors were ready for the furniture and the second floors were about to be started on. I felt like I was home, those lucky St Pierre’s were indeed blessed to be living here. Jake and I settled into our daily routines, it was too soon to be living in each other’s pockets, even in a normal relationship, but here we seemed to be normal, lustful at night and professional during the day. Saturday came, and Jake and I had to go for our pets. The boys stayed in town last night and were picking up Nightmare and Gracie for some Daddy and Daughter time, sometime today. Henry refused to come into town and I still needed my watch fixing.
“Jake, I feel sick can you pull over please?”
“Sure Baby, are you alright?”
“I am yes, just hurry please…” He pulled over, opened the door and hurled my breakfast back, great I had damn flu. Just what I need, we have an eight-year old and new pets coming today.
“Baby lets go back and get you in bed, I will come back and pick up the critters.”
“No, I feel fine now. I think the walk we took yesterday in the snow and rolling around in it has given me a cold. I will be fine, but thanks for worrying.”
“I do worry about you, oh there’s the jewellery store. Do you want me to take in your watch?”
“No, I will be fine I will meet you in the diner, can I have tea and toast.” He pulled over kissed my cheek and I jumped out of the car. “See you in a minute Jake.” He drove off smiling and singing along to Shania Twain on the radio, ‘Man, I feel like a woman.’ I bet he does, he’s adorable and sexy and all mine. I opened the door to the quaint old shop and the bell over the door rang with a tinkle.
“Hello young lady what can I do for you today?”
“I need a new battery in my watch I think, and I’d like to see your rings for gentlemen please?”
“Sure thing, here give me the watch and here is a tray of gent’s rings anything in particular?”
“No, I want to give it to my fiancé, he gave me this and well I need to reciprocate the gesture, only I haven’t a clue.” He fiddled with a tool and removed the back, as I fingered the rings, then in the case I spotted an unusual Celtic ring with a stone in the middle a dark stone that lead my eye straight to it.
“What’s that one there please?”
“That’s a very pricey antique, it’s a Celtic designed engraving, with a black diamond, it was an unclaimed pawned ring. I had hoped the man would come back for it alas he never did, are you interested in it, it’s just that it is rather expensive?” I smiled.
“Yes, it’s perfect, how much is it?” He smiled.
“Fifteen thousand dollars Miss.” I wowed and smiled as I passed over my credit card.
“He’s worth it, thank you.” He passed me my watch after replacing the back on. He passed me the ring to look at and it span very loosely around my thumb, shit what if it didn’t fit?
“I can alter it, if the gent’s finger is larger or smaller that won’t be a problem.” I sighed, did he read minds? 
“It’s perfect thank you, how much for the battery too?”
“All free with the ring thank you Miss.” He took my payment and passed me the little ring box and my watch.
“Thank you; I may be back if it needs altering.” I said my goodbyes and headed to the diner. I found my chap eating pancakes and syrup.
“You look better Riley are you feeling better?” I ummed, “Riley Baby are you alright?”
“What, yes Jake, I’m fine. Sorry, I have a lot on my mind at the moment, what with the imminent furniture deliveries and critters to fetch; anyone would think I was setting up my own home. Gheeze that family is damn lucky to be getting all this, without having to put a little sweat into it, some people have all the luck. Here I bought you a little something, I guess it’s only fair I have your ring you should be wearing mine.” I passed him the little box.
“Aren’t you going down on one knee then Baby? I kinda feel short changed.” I laughed as I began to rise, and he smiled. “I was joking Baby you already asked me to marry you and I said yes, let me see this.” He opened the box and smiled. “Wow this is… This is wonderful and look it fits it’s really an unusual ring, thank you.” He kissed me again as Deloris came by to fill Jakes cup, with the steaming coffee. “Hello young lady, Jake says you want tea and toast is that all?”
“Yes Deloris, I have the beginnings of flu, so I’m keeping it light.”
“Okay Sugar, I’ll be right back orange juice for vitamin c, and your tea and toast, is coming right up.”
“Do you like it Jake really?” He was admiring it as he held my hand.
“It’s really unusual, these are some sort of Celtic symbols and I’m not sure what they mean other than they are pretty. Gheeze I’m wearing a wedding ring, I feel kinda owned Baby.” I laughed and stared into his eyes they glistened, and I went all mushy, swooning over the hunky guy I woke up sleeping next to this morning. My tea, toast and juice were delivered to our table by a smiling Deloris. 
“Eat up Sugar; we can’t have you wasting away at my tables, here at Barb’s it ain’t the done by thing, to die of starvation, not here anyways. Your pies are ready for pick up and I have thrown in a plumb pie too, hope your ole gent likes it, and bring him with you next time, he eats more pie than this hunk here.” Jake smiled as he cleared the last of his pancakes.
“You feed me well enough Deloris, but my pretty fiancée makes a mean pie herself, when the trees in the orchard up at the old place are ready for harvesting I’ll bring you in some fruit. We even have a whole maple line ready to go, it seems Canadian Red Maple is the best for syrup.”
“Yeah, old Harry and his wife as I said were pretty self sufficient up there. They used to supply me with their own Maple syrup, damn fine it was too.” I wondered again why that old man was left to his own devises and got all unhappy again, as I pushed the crusts of my toast away.
“Well I have a crate of old books and things to look through. I’m hoping the gardener’s journals tell me how to do it, you know how to collect the stuff. I will need something to do with my time up there once the grunt works done and spring time is going to be here before you know it.” Jake smiled as he watched me.
“All I know is he did two kinds of syrup and both were mighty nice. The guy who helped out in the gardens there lives right here in town. He hasn’t picked up steady work in near on ten years; he has a wealth of knowledge up at the ole St Pierre place, because he was their gardener for eons.” I murmured oh and looked at Jake.
“Well, get him to call at the house, we need all the help we can get because we have to get everything back to as it was a long time ago, so the Maple syrup production is on the list as well as everything else.” I felt better, the warmth and the tea had settled my stomach.
“I’ll tell him, he misses the place and Harry, he was his only visitor up there.” I murmured oh again, he must know Henry as well. With the bill settled, we went for our pets. Getting to the pound, I heard the whimpers and barks of the many dogs in their care.
“Oh Jake, I wish we could take them all home with us.”
“I know sweetheart it breaks my heart, we have Dolly and Demon for now, when I fix up the kennels we’ll see about more.” I was hugged as we passed the vets room and a lady was crying as she held an old hunting dog.
“What’s wrong with him please?” I heard her sob.
“Nothing, he’s been here a long time and well more than we usually allow, but old Atlas here is too old nobody wants him.”
“So you’re murdering him? Jake stop him, please stop him.” Jake stepped forward and told the vet to stop.
“We’ll take him; the lady who came for the inspection knows we have the room.” They called the adoption centre. A few moments later and the lady who did the inspection smiled.
“Hello, I hear you want old Atlas too? Looks like someone had a narrow escape.” I cried and held the poor old dog and he licked my hand as I helped him down from the table. Jake smiled as he wagged his tail at Jakes roughing his belly for him.
“Why do you put any of the dogs to sleep?”
“Basically, we can only keep so many on the land we have, we are raising funds to buy the land next to this, and then we’d never have to put another dog to sleep. We want to extend the kennels, but we are failing miserably, we only just cover food and vets bills as it is.”
“How much are we talking, round figures for the land and the kennels?”
“We need half a million dollars, it’s been a hard time for everyone and the last thing people have is money for charity, especially stray dogs and cats.” Jake took out a cheque book and signed a cheque for a million dollars. I stumbled as I saw the amount and he looked over and smiled.
“I got quite a large inheritance from my grandfather and my father, this is small change Baby.” I looked on in amazement as the woman smiled. “That’s US dollars by the way, so there should be change for food and vet’s bills. Make sure you build them nice warm kennels. Now would it be possible for my fiancée to get her other pets?” She smiled at Jake, why not she’s holding a million-dollar cheque in her hands.
“Yes, certainly Mr Moore. I just don’t know what to say other than thank you, thank you so very much.” She wiped away tear as she showed us the dogs.
“We need to speak Jacob Moore.” I am holding on to Atlas and holding my beautiful caring man’s hand.
“Yes Ma’am.”
“I mean it, you are wonderful and kind and generous and beat me into giving them the funds for the damn land.” He smiled.
“Great minds think alike. Well hello Dolly, it’s so great to get you home…”
“Jake you idiot I thought you were about to break into song.”
“No, I only sing when drunk.” We got the dogs in the back of Jakes car and the cats were in carriers in the back seat, there was lots of meowing and barking, it was damn Bedlam in the back of Jakes car.
“I hope they get on alright in the back, Atlas is an old guy, and those two are puppies.”
“They will be fine Baby, so ask me how much I have you’re dying to know, all women do, when they hear my name.” I was shocked.
“Why would I know that Jacob Moore meant you had money?”
“Really you don’t have Jacob Moore Cattle Products and Food, in England, you don’t have J. Moore pet stores all over England, like they do here in Canada and America?”
“Well yes, we do, but I didn’t know who owned them, that’s your family?” He looked at me and smiled.
“Really, and yes, I am from that Moore family. My father was Jacob Moore, the second, who was the only son of Jacob Moore senior, of Jacob Moore Animal foods. They partied ways when Dad married Mom, instead of the heiress he had lined up for him. Dad said he gave away everything to have something better in his life, my mom. He really loved her you know, they were like romantic teenagers all the damn time. I know what true love is, Baby and they had it. Hopefully like we have, I know I’d give up everything if you asked me too.” I murmured oh, loudly as he continued to drive and talk. “My dad worked hard at being a ranch hand for many years without touching his family money, and then he had the chance to buy the ranch I was raised on, when they came into some money. That did well too, I had no knowledge of who my grandfather was, as Dad never spoke of him, so I always presumed he was dead as were Moms’ folks. I never knew those food sacks that had our name on were anything to do with us. I just kinda thought I was damn cool growing up, ya know, what with having the same name as the local pet store. Dad never said he was his father and never once did I ever see the old coot.
Then my grandfather died six months before my dad did, and he was left the billion-dollar empire and a long, long letter full of regrets. Dad was angry when he got the letter and told the firm to get a CEO in to run it until he knew what he was gonna do with it. In all my years Riley, never once had Dad ever mentioned him, so you can see I was a little angry with my dying father too. I grew up not knowing I had a grandfather. Dad said it was his loss for thinking my mom wasn’t good enough to be a Moore and she was, she was Riley, she was such a wonderful woman, loving caring and she loved us so much. I found out who my grandfather was when a lawyer came to the door when dad was ill, he had to talk to me because Dad wasn’t very lucid towards the end, and the lawyer explained that my father was the sole beneficiary for the almighty empire, that Moore senior had amassed. The lawyer told me of the offer to buy the company and couldn’t understand Dad’s logic in keeping it.
Dad kept the company running and it wasn’t until he died I found out why Dad didn’t want to accept the offer and why he told him to keep it running. He was keeping it until I chose whether I was a dirt hound or businessman. When Dad died, I found out that I was then the sole beneficiary for my dad’s whole estate, which by then included all of my late Grandfather Moore’s assets. Dad had told the lawyer to wait until I decided what I wanted to be and take instructions from me. I’m a billionaire Baby and I didn’t have to work a day in my life for it. I did the job I wanted to do for most of my adult life, loved it in fact, and was paid accordingly, that money I earned with blood sweat and tears. So giving away the Moore money is nothing Baby, its mine through default. I still have to choose what I want, that’s why I took this job, the real reason I took it was to give myself time to breathe and take in everything that having that massive company would mean to me, and so you know now too. Riley, I need to make some big decisions. I am still in overall charge until I make my mind up. I was for giving it all away; you know I have enough from the sale of Dads place. Having Grandfathers stuff is too much for anyone man. All I need, I have now, and that is the love of a good woman and the roof over my head to be waterproof and Riley that’s what I have, you and a nearly waterproof house, and in case you wondered, I really am happy.”
“You’re a bill-i-on-aire, you have how much money?” I felt sick again.
“Baby are you alright? You look pale.”
“I’m not marrying you for your money Jacob Moore, is that what you think I’m doing?” He was laughing.
“No, you’re marrying me for my body and that’s alright too.” I slapped my hand on his chest.
“Jacob Moore I am not marrying you for your body either… Well… I wasn’t thinking that was all… I may be marrying you a tiny bit for your body, well okay for all you do with your body… Shit why are you looking at me like that?”
“Why? I love it when you blush; you look the same now as you did when I helped you out in the laundry.”
“Oh, I may call this whole thing off you know?”
“Really?”
“No, I was just saying I would, I kind of like you a lot.”
“Kinda like me a lot eh? I can work with that. Here that the kids are all quiet Mom.” I looked in the back and smiled.
“Aww look they are snoring just like their Daddy.”
“I don’t hear myself, so I will take your word for it. We’re home kids and look Grandpa Henry is here to welcome you back.” I smiled as Henry was indeed awaiting the pet’s arrivals and hidden behind him a sweet little girl, I presumed was Gracie.
“Welcome home the snows coming down again. I was worrying you wouldn’t get back in time.” I opened the back door and the lads took the cats to my room I opened the back door and a very happy Atlas began going wild at Henry.
“Atlas is that you boy? Oh, welcome home old man.” I looked on and I was a little bit shocked.
“How do you know Atlas, Henry?”
“He was born here, he was one of the hunting dogs from here they got rid of them, when the place became vacant, a chap called Fanning had them, he is getting on in years aren’t you boy, come here old man.” The old dog was so happy; as were Dolly and Demon who were waiting to be freed from their harnesses in the back.
“Oh Daddy, can I have a puppy please?” Gracie came forward and petted Atlas.
“No dear, Daddy has enough stick from your mom without adding a dog into it, you can play with Uncle Jakes dogs when you come and visit. Go see the cats in Riley’s rooms they are cute too.”
“Okay Daddy, but I want my hug from Uncle Jake first.” With that, she was swept up into Jakes arms. “Put me down you’re squishing me Uncle Jake. Who’s the lady Uncle Jake, she’s pretty.” I blushed.
“That Princess Grace, is Riley, she is going to be marrying me, later this year, do you fancy being a proper Princess in a proper Princess dress, gimmy a kiss!” I murmured oh, as the reality set in he wanted to marry me so soon.
“Yes please, a pink one?”
“Are there any other colours for a Princess dress? Hello, I’m Riley and you must be Grace, your daddy told me all about you and your mummy.”
“Hello, I’m Grace Katherine Knight how do you do?” I smiled as she held out her hand.
“Well hello Grace, I’m Anne Riley Summers and I’m very pleased to meet you too. Now who wants to help me get dinner cooked?”
“Uncle Henry has already cooked, you just have to wash up and sit at the big table, in the kitchen its toasty warm in there.” I smiled as she held my hand and led me to my kitchen. “I love this house and Mummy will too once the damn carpets are down; she isn’t coming until there’s a damn flushing toilet.” I murmured oh, again. Looked at Nightmare and smiled as he shrugged his shoulders and spoke to his cute daughter.
“Less of the word damn please Grace. I will be getting it in the neck for that too.” The dogs were left to explore the house running around like mad dogs and Grace went with them screaming and laughing.
“That’s what this house needs, the sound of barking dogs and children’s laughter.” I looked at Henry as he said it and smiled.
“The new owners have children, so it will be for six months of the year Henry. You can stay here now and in Jakes old room when they come for the six months.”
“I’ll certainly think about it Riley, as I am getting too old for the roads now and being here is a blessing with Jake and you. Come on we will eat dinner we were waiting for you two.” We were all sat around the table; getting ready to eat, when Grace asked were we doing prayers?
“Uncle Jake you do the grace please.” Detective stopped eating the bread roll and bowed his head.
“I will Grace, thank you. For the good food on the table we thank you lord. For the pillow on my bed I thank you lord, for the friends around the table lord I pray you keep them safe and well to eat, sleep and be merry for another day. Amen.” I murmured oh shit, how many times today have I done that? After dinner I smiled as Gracie bullied the boys into washing up, apparently this little girl has four uncles who love her very much and love it when she busts their chops. I gather they get busted a lot when the little Miss is about.
“She’s wonderful Nightmare; did your wife not want to come because of the lack of carpets?”
“Lana is very much a creature comforts girl, she roughs it when she has to, she will be here when it’s completed and not before. She is having a holiday with the girls and her mother, so is happy that Grace is here with me, she can relax and be pampered. Thanks for suggesting it, you do know I will be busy and she will be under your feet?”
“I don’t doubt we can find something for her to do and she seems happy with the dogs are you stopping in Jakes rooms with her?”
“Yeah, if that’s alright, my cots in the room and she can have the bed, she already claimed it earlier. It’s big and bouncy apparently.”
“Well, I’m going to settle my cats when Jakes had enough send him to bed please, we have loads to do tomorrow. The furniture for down here is coming, if the snow keeps off the road. I bid you goodnight.”
“Night Riley, your good for Jake, he’s better now he’s with you, relaxed and happy.” I wasn’t going to do it again but damn and botheration, I’d murmured oh, again.
“We are good for each other, good night and give Grace a cuddle from me, I will see you lot in the morning.” I went in to see Rum, Tum and Tugger asleep by the fire in my lounge.
“Made yourself at home girls? Good now here is where you stop, and your food is here, and water here, please feel free to catch your own, there’s an all you can eat buffet when you get into the big house ladies.” I shivered at the thought. I was in my hot bubbly bath when Jake made an appearance. He stripped and climbed in the bath behind me.
“You might have asked did I mind sharing my bubbles with you.”
“Share and share alike Baby, you don’t really mind. I need to relax in here with you. Now, where were we when we were talking in the car, argh money and mine? You said you were going to write them a check, can you afford to write a half-million-dollar check?”
“Umm just about, why? I have money Jake, granted not your kind of money, but I received three very healthy insurance pay outs and a compensation cheque, then Mum and Dad’s money. I am okay for money; I think I told you I had money Jake. Anyway, we have our own money it seems.”
“What’s mine is yours Baby, all I have is yours.” I splashed him.
“I don’t need your money I have mine. Enough money talk, it makes me cranky, you have it, and I have it, now we have it. Now the pound puppies have it too, that was a wonderful thing you did giving them the money and thank you for letting me have Atlas too.”
“We’ve lost the dogs to Grandpa, they followed Henry to his rooms, and he is both happy and amazed that the old fella is still here, apparently the old guy who lived here named his dogs after Greek gods, Atlas was the puppy he had when he last saw the old guy, and he says we should hire the gardener guy, he’s good.”
“Did he now? I have a Greek god in my bath tub poking me with a sword. Jake can we get frisky in here?”
“You don’t think I only came in here to get clean, did you? I came in here to get downright dirty with my woman, now worship at my feet woman. I am a Greek god after all.”
“I think I may have gone off sex Jake.”
“Really… Let me try to change your mind Baby…” He changed my mind several times in both the tub and the bedroom.


CHAPTER EIGHT:


The three trucks arrived at stupid o’clock in the morning, just as the decorators, the electricians and the bloody food deliveries all arrived, I can do this, I can organise, I can do this…
“Jake help me please? Everyone and the bloody candlestick maker are here. I need help, the dogs need locking away Jake…”
“I’m here what’s all the hollering for?” I pointed at the door. “Oh, it’s gonna be a busy one and people are just getting up.” 
“I need the dogs putting in the… Damn where can they go Nightmares asleep still or Gracie is?”
“I will put them in my room Riley after all the furniture’s not here for another week for the bedrooms.” I smiled Henry saved the dogs from escaping.
“Right guys, the furniture is marked clearly according to these files, rooms one through three are here to the right and rooms four through seven are down there to the left, obviously the kitchen is through the doors under the stairs. So let’s get it in, and unpacked.” I watched as the men emptied the huge containers in no time at all, the things had been in storage ten long years, surely some of it was damaged. I watched as the grand piano came for the music room and gladly showed them where that went. Henry smiled as the larger pieces were skilfully brought in, including the biggest ever dresser I have ever seen. It came in three parts and filled the back wall of the grand entry hall. I had lit the fire in there and in the music room and the gold lounge and the blue lounge, the dining room and the study and the library. The morning room and the second day room were also warm and toasty.
I wasn’t needed, so went to empty the food delivery’s. I unpacked my boxes and bags and smiled as my kitchen pantry was full to bursting, the fridge was packed, and the dry store was the same, the inside freezer was crammed and with that the old scullery was about to be fitted with the new pot washing system with steel tables and trays, the laundry had extra machines added to the ones already here, these though were commercial and large. I started breakfast, now that people weren’t traipsing through the doors all the time. I made a batch of batter for waffles and pancakes then put in the bacon, sausages tomatoes and the hash browns to cook, boiled and scrambled eggs and went to find my ward for the day. I looked in at the dining room to find Grace unpacking with Henry. He was telling her where the pieces went and explaining that it was called Wedgewood.
“These were very expensive and much loved by the old man who lived here they were wedding gifts from his first wedding.” I listened.
“Did they have a lot of parties, because I have unpacked,” she was counting the plates, “30… 40… 50 big plates?”
“There are one hundred plate settings in this cupboard alone. They entertained and had grand parties in the ball room here.”
“Where’s the ballroom now?”
“I believe they call it the second morning room, next to the music room, the doors open, and it becomes one large ballroom where they did a lot of fancy dancing? I will teach you if you want. I like to dance fancy do you Grace?”
“I do yes, I do ballet and tap dancing at home, Uncle Jakes new house is so big. We have a small flat in New York and it would all fit into this room, Uncle Jake said he’s going to buy us a big house there, but Daddy said no, so he decorated for us. He did my bedroom and it’s pink and is pretty. Uncle Jake bought me a new bed too, it’s a Princess bed with pink drapes and pretty soft sheets, what colours yours Henry?” Aww, she thinks Uncle Jake owns the house bless her cotton socks, well I suppose he has the money to own something so damn large, gheeze money is a maddening thing.
“Mine here at the moment is blue. Come on, we need to have some food are you hungry?”
“Yes, a little bit. I had a snack bar from my bag on the plane. Daddy says he’s gonna cook up a storm in a minute, but shush he burns more than he cooks, its rude to tell him he can’t cook, but someone ‘awt too, really they should before we all die of food poisoning… Mommy says it’s coming sooner than later. He’s a messy cook too, he gets them eggs everywhere.”
“Well best I make a start or if we’re very lucky Riley will be in there and cooking already. Her pancakes are super soft and fluffy.” I rush through to the kitchen and take the things out of the oven and throw the batter in the waffle irons. I start to on the pancakes, with even more to feed, I have cooked up a storm in no time at all, and everyone comes in as I serve the warm toasted English breakfast muffins.
“Eat please, don’t wait for me and grace can be said at dinner, or we will never get unpacked.” I smile as place a stack of pancakes and waffles on the table.
“Riley, these pancakes are scrummy, thank you very much.”
“You’re welcome, now where’s my damn phone it’s ringing somewhere?” I search beneath the packing paper on the window seat and sure enough, it’s ringing. I rush for the stairs, but find I have a strong signal here in the kitchen.
“Hello… Yes, that’s me. Who is this?” I drop the cup I am holding and sink to the floor, that’s not happened, oh hell no. I am suddenly surrounded by men.
“Riley, Baby what’s the matter?” Jake takes the phone from my hand and puts it on speaker.
“Hello. Hello Miss Summers, can you hear me? Did you get that last message? Please did you hear me tell you that your brother and sister and their partners were killed two weeks ago in a crash? I’m sorry, but I have only just found you, can you hear me? I’m Kyle Hendrix, the Lairds assistant can you hear me?” Jake hands me the phone.
“Yes sorry, I am here now, were the children with them?”
“No, they were on the way back from a night out with the rest of the staff, the coach they were in plummeted from the road killing your siblings intently and seven others too, their partners died in or on their way to hospital later and as you know they had no other family, so I am having the children cared for in their homes. I have only just been able to find you courtesy of the army pension people, we have a problem and I need you to come and deal with them. I need the accommodation they live in for their replacements, you see my dilemma, and you are their only living relative.” I felt faint again. Jake held me up as I looked lost and a little freaked out.
“I will be there as soon as I can. I will arrive sometime tomorrow and thank you Sir. Tell them Aunty Riley is coming for them.” I passed Jake my phone as the others looked on in shock; they’d heard the tale, that I was now a mum to five children. Shit Jake looked as shocked as me, he didn’t sign on for all this. Crap, I need to get my thinking head on and get organised.
“Riley, you have to go and get those children they will be afraid and terribly upset, you must go and please don’t worry about things here I’m sure Jake and I will have this place ship shape when you return. Won’t we Jake?” Henry looks worried.
“Err, yes of course. We need to book you a flight, go get your bags packed. I can’t leave and come with you just yet. I have things here to do first, besides I will have to contact the estate solicitor and ask can they live here too, we have my rooms and there is plenty of attic space we can make into our quarters, they were used as servant’s quarters years ago.” I was sat shocked and stunned. I hadn’t uttered a word. Did Jake want to take on responsibility of my nieces and nephews?
Oh hell, I want to hurl. I rush to my rooms and try to throw up. I hate this, I hate them for dying, and I hate them for cutting me out of their lives and now leaving me to sort out their children. I don’t even know how to raise children. Shit, they may not want to come back with me, what if they don’t want to. What if the new owners say no to them stopping here; what then? Jake came in and sat on the bath tub and waited for me to speak, he didn’t sign up for all this did he.
“Worrying about things that you have no control over Riley is fine, we will be fine, those kids need you to be strong. I will get this place ready for them, and they will need things. Yeah, how old are they again?”
“Jake it’s fine they may not want to come back here, I don’t even know if I’m allowed to bring them here, their parents are half Canadian, and as such Mum made them Canadian citizens, when they were born she registered them or did whatever she did, they have Canadian passports, they came once or twice when Mum was alive to see my grandparents, we could live there, the kids liked it back then?”
“You need to bring them here and if they can’t stop here we will look at your grandparents place. I have money to get us a place Riley.”
“I have money to get a place Jake, that’s not the point you didn’t sign up for all this when you put the ring on my finger, did you?”
“I signed up for having a family with you, if it comes readymade then so be it.” I cried as Jake helped me off the floor, I couldn’t be sick after all. Nightmare was at the door.
“We have you on the next flight out of here so come on pack and skedaddle and bring those poor kids back, safe and sound. Jake it seems you’re in the parent club after all, how old are these new kids of ours?” Oh, I’d forgotten Jake had already asked me that.
“My nephew Alec is fifteen, his brothers William and Alistair are thirteen years old, their two cousins Sarah and Bryony are twelve years old. I guess they are typical kids, but I don’t know. I’ve not had a lot to do with them since my parents died. You know what with me not being their actual Aunt. What if they have told people that, that I’m not their actual sister what then Jake? The authorities may not let me take them from the country, I may have to get my grandparents out to bring them back, hell I really do feel sick Jake.”
“Stop panicking Riley, the lord or lard who spoke said they had been looking for you as their Aunt and next of kin, so I guess they didn’t tell anyone any different? If you need help once you get there, holler and we will get you help Baby.”
“That was the Lairds headman; the new Laird is an ass, who told him to find me or he’d put the kids into care. It is going to be hard Jake, so if you want to break this off I will understand, but I can’t abandon those children.” I am swept into his arms and hugged, and yes, it was just what the doctor ordered.
“I want you and your family, it looks like Nightmares right, and I get the readymade family package Baby.” He helped me pack as I rattled of instructions to Henry, who said he could cover for me. Sweet of him, but then again, he did seem to know where everything went without the damn files. I gave the lads a hug and Grace a huge squish telling her the next time she came up there would be girls for her to play with hopefully. Jake drove me to the airport and as I gazed out of the window I cried, damn those two dying on me and leaving me to deal with all this.
“Riley everything will be fine Baby. We’ll be fine Baby, what’s worrying you?”
“Nothing, everything, you, me, us, them, the house, the mess, you name it it’s rattling around up here, my heads gonna bust.” He pulled over unclipped my belt and his, and then foisted me on to his lap and allowed me to cry, really cry for the loss of two people who I didn’t really know, and I knew who hated me, but had they transferred their hate of me to their children?
“What if they hate me, what if they don’t remember me?”
“They are children, they will remember the fun Aunty who they loved, Riley I will get everything sorted here and come out as soon as I can, I will be right there by your side. We have five children who are depending on us to be strong, so have you calmed down any?”
“Yes, thank you, your all lumpy now.”
“Umm he knows he’s on a drought for a while, so get there and get back can you do it in two days?” I laughed as he sat me back down in my seat. “I’d love nothing better than for you to service my needs, but alas the plane will not wait, so get sat down there and stop looking so damn beautiful, you do know tears turn me on, right?”
“I do now, amongst other things. Will we be alright?”
“We will be alright, because we are alright, so stop your crying and bring those kids back home.” We arrived at the airport and as I stared into his eyes they twinkled, sappy kisses and hugs are given as my flight was called to board.
“Miss me like crazy Beautiful, and know I love you.”
“I will miss you, I’m missing you already Jake.” I walked backwards, waving at him then I ran back for one last cuddle, he smiled.
“They won’t hold the plane for you, Baby I love you and will be with you soon.”
“Be on the next plane, I can’t wait that long.” I walked into the tunnel for the plane waving like a lovesick teenager. Making my way to my seat, I sat and stared out of the window. I wondered just what was in store for me when I got back home? Home, it stopped being home when mum and dad died, and those two, sorry four banned me from my nephews and nieces lives. I wonder why they didn’t make provision for this, in case of their death? Shit, I don’t think anyone thinks that far ahead. Not that they could ever have imagined all four of them dying together, sheisk I shivered and cried a little more. The stewardess gave me a blanket after seeing me shake. I asked for a juice to take my sleeping pills with, I’d not needed these since being with Jake, for some reason the night terrors and panic attacks didn’t come when I was with him, he held me so tightly every night I always knew I was safe. 


CHAPTER NINE:


After over eight hours in the air, I landed at Glasgow airport, where I managed to get a helicopter to fly me to Inverness and straight onto the grounds of the castle. It helps to know the right people and my best friend George has a flight school here in good old Glasgow, he arranged for the landing in the field and the Lairds new assistant was there to meet me.
“Hello Miss Summers, I’m Kyle Hendrix it’s a pleasure to finally meet the elusive Aunty Rifle Riley, the boys talk nonstop about you and cannot wait to see you again. You have of course, my deepest condolences for your loss. I’m just sorry it took so long to notify you, the children didn’t know where you were, nor was there any indication in either home of your possible whereabouts. The old Laird had a note book and your Army contact was in that. The new Laird is quite impatient and wanted them taken into care until you got here.”
“How is Gilly, is he really still an arse?”
“Yes Ma’am, he is, and he has no clue how to run the estate and has fancy ideas that all amount to nothing. I am sorting the children out and leaving. He has shown his true colours this past fortnight and half the staff are leaving because of his treatment of those wee bairns.”
“The children know I’m coming, yes?”
“Yes, and as I said are quite excited. Though I have to tell you they are not your typical teenagers, they are very shy and quiet, too timid, almost withdrawn. They led a very strange life with their parents and their parents too were, sorry to speak ill of the dead, but very hard to like. They did their jobs fine and good, but their personal lives were quite quite weird. Just how weird I will have to show you when we get to their homes, the children stopped in their rooms most of the time, they were and are home educated, as your sister in law was a teacher. Though I don’t think they have high education levels, the lads, the girls are good cooks and housekeepers, it seems they used their children as servants in the main, as I said until I get you to their home I couldn’t explain their upbringing. The old Laird was insistent they spent time with him at the big house until his death and after that the children were very rarely seen out of their homes.” I murmured oh.
“They were very unusual the pair of them, they hated me and I never liked them much either, when my, sorry our parents died they cut me out of their lives and in nearly eleven years I have never seen those children, I did try but they would not allow me near, they never returned my gifts I sent to the castle, so I presumed the old Laird gave them their gifts for me? He was such a nice man. His son and I have hated each other since we could walk. I can out shoot, out run and out fight the little weasel.” He laughed as he pulled up to the two houses stood side by side; they looked just like I remembered them from growing up in the bigger of the two.
“Home is the weary traveller, look I will be in the office tomorrow give me a call when you wake, and we will discuss the practicalities of the move and their possessions. The room you need to see is in the smaller of the two homes and the children are in the big house with Winifred. I fear the children may have been abused, but they are not speaking to anyone Riley, I fear they will need a lot of help.” 
“Oh hell, I don’t know what to say, my brother and sister were strange alright, but abusive no. I can’t see that, but then I didn’t know them, not really. Hell, those poor kids. As soon as I can I will have them away from here and safe with me back in Canada.”
“I don’t know what abuse they have suffered; I think it was mental rather than physical?” I had to agree my brother was a bully and was always shouting orders at me, yeah and I riled him by ignoring him, because he was never the boss of me.
“He was very strict with them the last time I saw them, and the one time I did see them, he sent them home and told me never to come here again, so I didn’t, that was when I had the old Laird on my side.”
“Oh, we have a problem too, the girls were left ponies and the boys all have a hunting dog a piece, the old Laird loved those children and spoilt them rather.” I murmured oh again, sheisk of course they had things. Jesus H Christ what more is there behind this door. I bid Kyle farewell and walked the stone path to their home, my old home, and the last few years home to Alistair and the boys. My sister lived next door with the girls. 
“Hello, it’s only me. Hello, is there anyone home? I need a cup of tea.” I was suddenly surrounded by three tall good looking teenage boys, oh wow where were my cute little ankle biters?
“Winnie, Winnie she’s here Aunty Riley is here, come see she’s here.”
“Alec you have grown so very much, wow let me look at you.” I grabbed him tightly and hugged the life from him. Alistair and William were a little shyer and the girls stood back and waited, Sarah and Bryony were afraid of me, the last time I saw them they were toddlers and blonde beauties, they are now two really beautiful grown up girls. “I don’t bite; you two were only very small the last time I saw you both, as were you two Alistair and William. I promise you I will not hurt you please come here let me see you.” They did slowly.
“She isni gonna bite you wooses, she’s our Aunty Riley, the lady who sent you the gifts the Laird gave you to play with in the big hoose.” I had more than a tear hearing they got their gifts. Good old Monroe, the old Laird, he was a star.
“I’m glad you got them, the first lots were sent back to me unopened, so I asked the old Laird to give them you.”
“He did Aunty Riley, he was very canny he told father they were gifts from him and he could hardly refuse them now could he?” I laughed, not if he wanted to keep his job no. Jake is going to struggle with their very Scottish accents.
“You really are real aren’t you, you didny die in a war, did you?” I was stunned.
“No, I didn’t who told you I had died?”
“Mother, she said you went to fight in a war and never came back, because you didny come here again, so it musta been true.” Those devious bastards, they actually told these five children I had died damn them.
“No, but I was in the war. I just had a lot of problems and went to live with my grandparents in Canada.”
“We’re to live in Canada, with you and as soon as we can, ‘cos the new Laird dunneee like us much.” Oh, thank the Lord they want to come with me.
“I have to see a solicitor, to become your legal guardians, but yes you are coming home with me to Canada, you are mine now and I will not let you be harmed, or shouted at ever again, do you hear me. Never will you be shouted at or hurt.”
 “We were never hurt, but our father could sure as hell put the fear of Christ in a man, ask Miss Winifred.” I saw the frail old nanny to Gilly. She had aged. She was still the friendly old lady I remembered.
“Miss Winnie, it’s been a long, long time, how are you?”
“Better for seeing your sweet face, little Miss Anne, these children are a blessing. Now then, they have had their breakfast and I have made lunch. I have to be getting back home, any problems and Kyle knows how to get a hold of me.” I am now alone with the children and I ask they sit down and tell me everything. Alec seems to speak for the lot of them. I see the four younger ones as the frightened young children they are.
“What do you want to know? We were asked questions by Kyle, when he went through Aunty Alice’s house, we were asked about her study, but we were never allowed down in that room, ever and when their friends came over for church gatherings we all five of us stopped in our rooms here. Johanna would sit in the lounge and we were never to come out of our rooms when she was here.”
“Did your parents hit you any of you?”
“No, no for father’s punishments we were locked in the Chance with no food.” Arghhhh… They locked me in the cellar here on more than one occasion, the bastards they called it the Last Chance, and shortened to Chance when they looked after me the bastards.
“Mother used to send us here to be punished, she never like us. She always said we were mistakes that should have been given away like you, what did she mean?” I was a little embarrassed to answer her question.
“My mother gave me away, for Grandma to bring up as her own, and well I don’t know everything about it, but I know Grandma and Grandpa loved me very much. Your parents never liked me at all. They stopped me seeing you and threatened me with the police if I came to the estate again. I tried calling several times, the old Laird was a sweet man, he would let me see you at play, but someone told your father I was here, and he was not very happy. I didn’t come back again and for that I’m sorry.”
“Will you lock us in the Chance, if we don’t finish our jobs on time? Will you not feed us if we do something wrong?” I cried as her little face looked at the floor. I threw myself at the feet of Bryony and Sarah; they looked very puzzled.
“I will never punish you, you will have no jobs other than keeping your room tidy and clearing your pots away.” What the hell did my brother and sister do to their five children? The children and I went for a long walk in the grounds of the castle, the rain came down as we ran back, their muddy foot prints on the scrubbed floor seemed to upset them so very much, so much so that they cowered when I said it would need a good mopping and they ran for the cupboard to do it.
“No, leave that for me to do, get out of your wet things and bring them down for cleaning. Do you have schoolwork to be doing?”
“No, we are all caught up on our books Aunty Riley.”
“Well then, play on your games or lap tops or something I have to get the dinner in the oven.”
“We don’t have games to play and we are not allowed on the computer to do anything but study, they are for learning not for wasting time on.” I murmured oh.
“No, they are the future Alec. You really have nothing fun to do whilst we wait for dinner to cook?”
“No, we could read the bible if that’s alright?” I turned off the oven and smiled. Like hell they are, they are not bible bashing on my watch.
“Has either of your parents got a car?”
“There’s the old land rover in the garage, mother had use of that to do the shopping and such, the keys are here on the hook.” I grabbed them.
“Get dressed we need to get the Summers children into the twenty first century and quickly, all your schooling is done by computers in all Canadian homes not close enough to town. I have a feeling you lot don’t go to town very much, do you?”
“No, we only go to help with the supplies Aunty Riley.” I’m sure of another thing too; these children are old before their time.
“Right, wrap up warm we are going to town; come on last one ready is a damp squid.” They laughed as they grabbed their boots and coats. We were going on an awfully big adventure, into town. I rustled them into the land rover and set off into Inverness to the big shopping centre there, first stop PC World. They need to be children not bloody robots. This is easy right, yeah, I will buy them things every child should have, good job Jake is a computer expert, or I’d be screwed for the big stuff. Oh hell, Jake, I should have called him, shit.
“Right, first things first we need lunch.” We went through the McDonald’s drive through. “Can I have six Big McMeals with diet cokes please, can I also have six McFlurries any type please and several sachets of tomato sauce please.”
“Certainly, that will be ready for you in bay three can you check the amount and enter your card number please?” I did as I was asked, and drove through to the requested bay, five minutes later the bags and trays were foisted through the windows and given to the very afraid children, what had they never had a McDonald’s meal before? I had to show them it was good to eat.
“Have you never been to a drive through before, really? This is called junk food and is fine for a treat, as long as you don’t eat too many. I used to dream about these when I was away, yummy come on eat up, and don’t worry if you leave some its massive.” They opened their burger boxes and saw the burger bun and lettuce; oops kids don’t eat garden stuff, do they? I was wrong they loved it and the smiles as they squished the mayo secret sauce over their faces was pleasing to see, the two girls were looking at the boys in disgust.
“What’s wrong girls?”
“We didny say grace, and we will go to hell” What is it with wee girls making me pray for my food?
“We only say grace at evening meals at home and drive-throughs are exempt from prayers, because they really aren’t a meal they are a treat.” They smiled said amen and ate. They ate the lot and the ice cream treat too. I make a call to Jake in the car; I need advice on what laptops I need to get for the kids.
“Hello stranger, I thought you’d forgotten about lil ole me.”
“How can I forget about you? I have just got here, and I am sat in the car eating McDonald’s with the children, they have never been out of the castle Jake, can you believe that?”
“Well, you sure are showing them a good time with a Mc and fries then Baby?”
“I am yes, listen I have to get them laptops, I want your suggestions please?” He rattled of a few names, makes and specifications as I scribbled it all down. After a few umms and arghs, I decided I’d ask the chap in store to sell me their best.
“Listen we had a reply from the solicitors acting on behalf of the old man and his family, it turns out he had a son and a granddaughter, they get everything, and we can use the house until they are notified, I told them I’d buy it from them if they were selling it.”
“Oh, so he has a son, good God did he not know?”
“I didn’t ask Baby it’s not my place to ask. I guess they were always looking for some better blood link to him, still we are doing the nursery wing for the kids, blues and pinks and everything they could ever want will be here for them I have been busy stocking up are they good kids?”
“Very and very shy and withdrawn at the moment, the girls have ponies to bring and the boy’s have three hunting dogs. I will figure out a way to get them back, sheisk when are you coming Jake?”
“Gimmy a couple of days, I’m pulling in a few favours here, I miss you.”
“I’m missing you too, I will wait to hear from you there are five children wondering who I am talking to here I will ring you later and Jake I love you too.” Farewells said, and I hung up.
“Who was that Aunty Riley?”
“That was the man I’m marrying soon. He’s called Jacob Moore and he’s an ex Seal.”
“You’re marrying a seal? Are you mad, you cannie marry a water creature.” I laughed and shocked William.
“No silly, he’s a Navy Seal from America, he is a specialist in naval warfare or rather he was. He is the man I live with at the new house.” I smiled as the little boy blushed.
“Ma new uncle is a seal?” Sarah made the nose of a seal and they laughed, wow, they knew how to laugh, go figure.
“You live in sin with a man?” Oops, shit I blushed.
“No, we are getting married soon and then we will live together, fingers tightly crossed. I will not burn in hell for the small deception.
“Good, I don’t think it’s good to live in sin, Father and Mother said only harlots and bad men did that.” Oh well, that’s telling me then, I ain’t no harlot and Jake ain’t a bad man. I bit my lip and drove to the computer place. Now I’m wondering if this was a good idea, given the crap on the super information highway that is the W.W.W?
With the help of the very shocked man in store to hear I wanted five laptops, with top specks and all the software, he nearly had a kitten. We spent a good couple of hours choosing and they all chose their own, the girls got pink and purple ones and the boys grey, red and black, the gubbins and what nots were all bagged, and software loaded. I paid, and we then head to see the solicitor. I needed to know what I had coming to me, and if there were many more shocks in store for me? I was their only living relative apart obviously from my grandparents, but I was listed as next of kin for some strange reason, and they had not made wills or thought to make prevision for their children’s futures. I had their money put into a trust for the children, as I didn’t need it.
“There are guardianship papers to sign and then basically they are free to go with you to Canada, as they, through some forethought on your mother’s part, her having dual citizenship. Your mother I believe being Canadian, had her children and grandchildren all registered as Canadian too, as are you I am told?” I ummed “Forgive me the old Laird, Monroe had me check up on you from time to time, he liked to know where you were and if you were safe, alas it took them two weeks to find out your whereabouts, had they come to me first I would have been able to tell them.” I wondered why he was worried about me the old Laird, nice of him to worry I thought. I ummed again as I signed for the children, accepting full responsibility for them and their care. It was far simpler than adopting the cats from the pound.
“Thank you for today, I will sort out their homes and well take them back to Canada with me.” I was shown the door I’m tired and drained; the mess they left behind is awful. From today they are normal children, normal children dressed like Amish kids. I hadn’t noticed their homemade clothes when I first got in the car. I needed to shop, they need to look damned normal. My weird arsed siblings were definitely short of a few slates off their roofs.
“Right we need new clothes too, this stuff you have on is not right, are all your clothes like this hand me downs and handmade clothes?”
“Yes, Aunty why are they no good?”
“Umm, no it’s just I would feel better if you were dressed like normal kids. Come on there’s a supermarket, they will have everything we need and more, they may even do games for you all.” They looked shocked, to them they looked like each other, all drab and well, like I said, Amish looking, all be it they didn’t have damn bonnets on. We headed in and the boys each had a trolley.
I looked at them as they followed behind me, they were getting stared at and I too felt uncomfortable, but as soon as the girls saw the pretty dresses and things, their shyness disappeared as they looked at the row upon row of spring dresses. I smiled as they looked. I figured they were the right sizes I’d picked up. I had them try a dress each on, they went all shy and hid behind the curtain, when they came out they were different girls.
With their sizes determined I threw in the trolley dresses, blouses, jumpers, tee shirts, skirts, trousers, pj’s and robes, underwear, socks and tights, slippers, boots, shoes and trainers you name it they now had it. The boys too looked at the jeans that were their size and not old ones cut from their fathers cast offs and made to fit them. They had I think for the first time all had new clothes and shoes and again, as with the girls, everything they could ever need. Well until we got home and then they’d need cold weather gear. Here the range is for spring, so as I pushed the loaded trolleys to the checkout, they spied the games section and yes we splurged in that section too, the girls had a pink Nintendo handheld thing with a puppy game on it and a game for building cities on, the boys had them, but not in pink, but blue and red and black their games were Mario cart and football and sports games, even I don’t want them playing shoot em ups, not yet or ever, if I have my way.
When we got back they and I were tired, so after the dinner Winnie had made us was eaten, we went to bed. I slept in the bed abandoned by Winnie; they slept in what I could only describe as a dormitory, two sets of bunks and a single bed, which was Alec’s. Apart from their clothes, there was nothing to say this was a child’s room, damn my siblings. I hope it’s warm where they went, these children were their prisoners and slaves, not children. No books, games, no colour, nothing, just a stark existence. Wow, I am going to have my work cut out with them. I turned off their light and went to sleep I would see what the other house of horrors had tomorrow Winnie was coming to take them for a couple of hours riding and playing with their pets. I had a morning with Kyle to look forward to.
I slept surprisingly well and in what was mum and dad’s old room, and from the looks of things, it was untouched. They had shared Alistair’s old room and the children had what was mine and Alice’s old room, that’s when those two weren’t talking ‘till all hours in his room, yet another thing I wasn’t allowed to do, go in his room like she did, as I said they hated me. I now hated them for a reason. The children had been gone half an hour when there was a knock at the door.
“Come in its open I’m just getting my boots on.”
“No worries, how did it go yesterday, did you see the solicitor and do the paperwork?”
“I did, and they are now in my care, how did nobody see the harm they were doing to their damn children, have you seen how they lived?”
“Unfortunately, your sister and brother and their partners kept themselves to themselves and the authorities, were pleased with their educational progress their mother was a school teacher in the village, they were home schooled and were allowed to ride out and play at the house when old Monroe was alive, but not since the new Laird took over, he hates children, especially these five for some reason.” I’m surprised he even knew they existed. “I see they have new clothes, though why they didn’t wear the things his lordship bought them I will never know, he bought them new clothes for the house. He always thought they looked like throw backs from an Amish compound, so when they came to the big house it was in the clothes he provided, alas again not since his death have they been up there, though they do go to see their dogs and ride. I have arranged for their transfer to Calgary with your man out there, Henry. He has been in touch with the Laird and is having the horses sent out as well as three others for the boys.” I murmured oh out loud again.
“It seems all I have to do then, is get the dogs home and their owners then. Three dogs yes?”
“Err, no, sorry two dogs and a bitch and her six puppies. I murmured oh yet again. Damn this can of worms gets bigger; we will need the damn new owners to sell us the house at this rate, as we are taking over the stables the kennels and the house.
“Now, I don’t know what you knew about your family’s private lives before, but what I am about to show you is, well, not for the faint of heart, they led a very different life to the one they portrayed to the world out here. I was shocked when I did a walk through to assess the damage for the new occupiers.” He led me to the house and as I opened the door, it looked normal enough.
“The cellars, Miss Summers, here is the key.” I ummed as I undid the padlock. Kyle pointed to the light and I went down the steep stone staircase, this was like The Chance at my old home. I looked in horror at the things I saw, whipping benches, racks, a St Andrews cross, hooks in the ceilings and as I looked at the bed there were cameras set up, at various positions around the room, I opened the chest and it was filled with leather costumes. The wardrobe thing opened to reveal shelf upon shelf of beating equipment, whips, floggers, chains, carpet beaters, you name a piece of sex equipment and it was here.
“They were Masochists and Sadists, I would imagine? What do we have here then?” I opened the trunk and it was filled with butt plugs, vibrators, clamps and even more toys that are erotic. “Have you found any actual video footage? I would be interested to know if the children were involved in this?” He nodded his head. 
“Through the back is a cinema, please I beg you not to look at it there are hours of films there and it seems your brother and sister and their partners were into incest sex, the two pairs were very inter changeable and the films are of them and their friends having group sex, orgies and sex with each other, your brother was the leader and had sex with his sister, his wife and her husband, he liked gay porn too, but nothing I have witnessed these past two weeks has led me to believe that they were ever interested in child sex. Their ‘church group’ met up on Saturday night and preached until Sunday night. I have also seen a few of the estate works on the tapes, and they have assured me the children are not involved in their swinger’s club.” 
“So, all this is just here? There is no porn over at the big house, they are in?”
“No, all their personal things are there too in boxes in their Father’s study there. I took the liberty of sending all their parents clothes to the charity store, when this house was emptied apart from the cellars, the Laird is having it emptied tonight, and a bonfire will burn the films, nothing will be here tomorrow I promise you.” I breathed a sigh of relief.
“Thank you I need to go through the paper work, do they have bills outstanding?”
“No, and the Laird would like the house by the end of the week, if possible the new gamekeeper is starting then?”
“We will be gone in a couple of days, if I have my way.” He walked me out. I guess when I see the bonfire their perverted porn will be gone, how dare they. So they were fucking all the time in Alistair’s room, the dirty bastards. I wonder if Mum and Dad knew? Shit, I didn’t, and I was with them the most. Come to think of it, I had caught him comforting her a few times. Yeah right, I may have been minutes away from seeing them at it. Err, thank God, I missed it. I phoned Jake when I got back to their house.
“Morning Baby, how are you?”
“Fine, missing you like crazy and sickened to my stomach to find out my siblings and their partners were at it together all the time, into swinging, and into their own siblings and running a club in the cellar here. The children thank the lord were not party to it, they have just been mentally tortured though and for years. Oh and sorry to drop this on you but were getting married in Vegas on our way home, if you want sex again. My new wards don’t approve of sex before marriage or living in sin and I need to sin with you Jake like as soon as possible. Where are you? You sound like you’re in a cave?” He laughed.
“Approaching Inverness airport as we speak, I will see you little lady in an hour and I agree with the kids Mommy and Daddy are not living in sin, though we may need to book a hotel room or fuck like rabbits on the plane, my balls are as big as oranges Baby I need you like crazy.”
“Nice, I now have visions of making OJ with them and giving them a squeeze and get a taste of the juice.”
“Oh yeah there’s gonna be plenty Baby, I’m err in the toilet and busting myself here trying to get off.” I laughed.
“What are you doing, are you holding him firmly, are you pulling him hard, jerking up and then down? Are you taking it down to the base pulling back hard and letting that beautiful end of yours shine, rub those juices over the slit Jake, are you doing that Jake?”
“Oh hell, I’m imagining you doing this Baby, fuck your good. I’m nearly there. Baby, fuck I need you, what’s that sound Baby? Oh hell, you’re getting off, aren’t you?”
“I’m slipping my finger in to my wet hot folds. Can you hear the wetness Jake, and argh yes my buds throbbing, wishing your tongue was taking it to a high, argh Jake, I’m coming, can you hear the wetness?” I hear him screech as he oh fucks, and there you have it I got him off from way down here. I laugh as I hear him cry in relief.
“Thank you, you have one satisfied fiancée on empty for an hour. I have a car coming to meet me. I will see you soon Baby get their stuff together, we leave in the morning via Vegas.”
“I love you so fucking much Mr Moore, get your backside here.” I smile as his phone cuts out, flying can do that I guess. I look at the paperwork; all their financials are sorted so the bank statements are burnt, as are their hooky nooky club fliers. I keep the family photos and I keep their birth certificates and everything else, they are boxed as are their school books and anything they need. I hear a car pull up and I rush out to see Jake. Oh hell, I missed him…


CHAPTER TEN:


I phoned the stables and the kids were still out and expected back at the big house in an hour, we had an hour to fuck ourselves into oblivion. I grabbed him tightly and pulled him into the house kissing him deeply.
“Miss me much Riley? Now, what was that about a need to fuck and not getting sex for a while? I think dear wife we need to be having a damn hard quick fuck, where is your bedroom?”
“Here take me here and now, lock the door and fuck me here please, love me fuck me hard Jake.” I stripped my jeans from my body and helped him off with his, he wasn’t kidding his balls were massive and oh so good in my hands. He carried me to the sofa and smacked my bottom as my arse waved up at him from the back of the sofa.
“Hard and fast Baby hold on, that’s it, show me your arse Baby. I need you, never leave me again Baby, now argh hell Baby you’re dripping, hell I’m gonna spill my load in you more than once.” I mewed for him to take me, and he thrust into me from behind grabbing my hips and thrusting hard and fast into me, I whimpered and cried. The pleasure of his cock sent me high as a kite with lust and longing.
“Hard Jake fuck me hard.” He thumped his cock hard within me, his balls are slapping my bottom and the noise as he slammed into me of skin on skin did a weird thing, it turned me on, really it made such an echoic sound as he thumped into me, that I was coming hard.
“Baby, come for me, let me feel you, you’re coming that’s it, here let me help you. He slammed, he fucked, he played with my backside and his other hand had slipped around and was thumbing my red-hot bud, over and over, he strummed my clit and as he did, he continued to jerk within me.
“I’m comin, comin, comin, coming fuck yes Jake I’m coming hard and coming for you now… Come Jake, come for me fill me, harder Jake harder, harder do it do it I’m coming again, yes, yes, yes, oh hell yes…” He shuddered, shook, grabbed my waist with his massive hands, and shook uneasily on his legs. The thuds had stopped and the wetness between my legs was a warm oozy mess.
“Umm hello Baby, feel my seed in you. I love the feeling here right now warm and tight, let go Baby let me take my god like sword out of you, Baby you kinda have me trapped in here, not that this ain’t a mighty fine place to be trapped in.” I smiled and relaxed. “I missed you Baby, I know I’m being kinda dorky and really stupid I know, but I did.” I agreed I had missed being played with…
“Hello you. Help me up I’m kind of knackered here you killed me Jake and they will be home in a minute.”
“What are they like really?”
“Amish best sums them up, not very talkative and shy, they haven’t a clue about the real world, and sheisk their parents, well I wouldn’t let them raise the feral cats on the estate.” I explained everything I had found out and when I had finished, he cried.
“We’ll make them better Baby, they’re safe now, so when we get married I have to adopt them, and your kids become my kids, who then become ours. Henry was very happy to be seeing kiddies in the house; he really is an excitable chap.”
“Oh, are they any closer to finding the granddaughter and son yet?”
“They are to be told soon; apparently they were as in the dark about old Harry, as he was about them, he spent years looking for them.”
“Oh, so he knew he had them then?”
“No, apparently he was told they were dead, anyhow that’s all we know for now, and Henry spoke to a chap whilst I was in town, and they have given the permission for the nursery wing to be their new rooms, the kids, so Henry is changing one of the rooms to a school room with the help of Detective, you know, he’s getting them hooked up to the web for the start of their schooling. He suggested we hire a tutor too.”
“Umm, I guess their mother and aunt were their teachers here. They left a sorrowful mess in their wake, I know that much, come on we need a shower before they get back those kids can smell sin.”
“Umm they won’t smell it for long Mrs Moore.” After a shower and a change of clothes, we waited for their return. They came back, very excited from their ride out and they were accompanied by Kyle.
“Aunty Riley, we… Who are you?” Jake smiled nervously.
“I’m Jake, Jacob Moore, your new, I don’t know what I am to you, a new guardian or father figure, and I am new to having kid’s sweetheart. I’m the lucky son of a… Mutt, whose marrying your Aunty, so I guess you could call me Uncle Jake?”
“Hello, I’m, Bryony are you the seal, you havene mennie whiskers fir a seal, now din ya.” Jake looked like he was lost.
“Yer stupid wee lassie. Aunty Riley said he wasni a real seal from the waters, hesinye navy, ya silly wee bairn.”
“What language do you kids speak?” I smirked at the kids they were rather thick with their Scottish accents.
“Scottish silly; why cannie yer no understand me?” Their Scottish brogue was deeper than usual.
“Kids stop messing with him and talk to him properly you kin?”
“Aye’ we kin, he dunneee understand we bairn’s nah does he?”
“Alistair stop it now, wait ‘till he starts ‘ya all’ in, and you won’t understand Jake either.” Their laughter was pleasing to hear, even if it was at poor Jakes expense.
“Jake, this is Kyle Hendrix, he was kind enough to see to it the children were looked after, and he arranged the funerals and such, Kyle, this is my fiancée Jacob Moore.”
“Well, I’m pleased to meet you. Do we owe any money at all to anyone?”
“No, it was all covered by the insurance from the driver of the car that ran them off the road, the children will be in for a massive compensation claim too, the old Lairds solicitor would have told you this Riley, yes?”
“He did, and I have informed him to put it in their five savings trusts for them along with any other monies owing to their parents, their living expenses as our children will be met by us.” Jake held me tightly.
“Well I will be seeing you before you leave I expect?” He nodded his head and left us to it.
“That man has the eye for you Riley.” I blushed and shoved Jake playfully.
“Umm, pity I’m blinded by love for you then sailor.”
“Eww’s, please stop all that, we are still here.” We apologised and sat the children down.
“Right, we need for you to pack your things, we are leaving today, hence your extra play with the dogs and ponies, as they will be following on a special charter plane in a week. They need to be checked over and paperwork done, so when we get back from holiday, they will be at home waiting for you. Now the bags I bought when we went shopping are for your clothes and shoes, bring anything you want from your rooms and take anything you wish from your parent’s things. Jake and I are going to be having it packed and sent to your new home with the ponies and things.” They looked lost and confused.
“I know your worried kids, but really you have no need. Your Aunt and I will never raise or voices in anger to you nor will we hit or punish you physically or mentally. If you do something wrong, we will talk calmly about things, it’s the same for you if you think we, your Aunt and I have done something wrong, you tell us, and it will be solved. There is nothing going to happen to you that means you ever have to be afraid of us, am I clear on that? You are in no danger from me or anyone else from this day forth I promise to protect you and care for you as though you were my own, on this I swear.” I murmured oh, loudly and cried. So unlike me, but the children were afraid, I doubt they have been off the estate in over eleven years and that was the last time Mum took them to Canada, the girls were only tiny.
“We don’t have a lot, we have a few clothes from the old Laird and our new things, our instruments of course and bibles and that’s about all, right come on then lets pack.” They seemed to skip to their rooms and their suspicions were on high alert.
“Jake, they have been led a dog’s life, what are we to do? I don’t know if we are ready for all this?”
“I know, and I see what you mean by timid and shy, have you got all their paperwork sorted?” I nodded.
“I have been given legal guardianship and conservatorship of the children to provide for their wellbeing, so in everything but name they are mine, and if you still want, when we marry they become ours, but that’s up to the children, they are all called Summers too, which is strange I thought the girls would be Benson like their father? Hell, nothing about this whole charade has been right since getting here, come on help me pack their legal stuff and the family jewels, the laugh now is, the things those women wanted from me are mine now anyway. I will pass them on to the girls later, everything is still in mum’s jewellery box in my room come help me ‘pack.’ Can we really do this Jake?”
“Yes, Baby we can, we get to do the fun stuff with them now. Not the smelly nappies bit and the teething, gheeze I hope they have all the itches and the lurgies that would be a bonus.” I slapped him. He was being so sweet, but he too was afraid, he just hid it well with bravado. We climbed the stairs to hear the children discussing their move, their voices low so’s not to get into trouble.
Alistair: “Well, do you think she really wants us?”
Alec: “I do yes.”
William: “I do too. I remember her, she was always nice to us and she always bought us new nice toys and books, do you have the books the Laird gave us, or are they still hidden?”
Bryony: “Aye, they are under our beds, why did Papa not let us have them?”
Alec: “I think because they were fairy stories and for children and because the little girl in them was called Anne like our new Mamma.”
Alistair: “What do you think of her man?”
Sarah: “He’s nice, he’s big and he has nice eyes, even if he is a seal. I wonder if he really loves Aunty Riley, or will he shout and scream at her like Papa did to Mamma?”
Bryony: He’s very good looking akin. He looks at ‘err like the groom looks at the brides at the big hoose, do ya kin his eyes all moo eyed and cocked, ya no’s whiny tha marries one ant other.” I smiled, as Jake looked puzzled. He and they are gonna struggle with their language difficulties.
“She just said you look at me all doe eyed like the couples who have their weddings at the big house do, all lovey-dovey and sappy.”
“There’s nothing wrong with her eyes then?” He smiled. “Right kids have you packed kit inspection I can’t have my delta force packing shabby. Look lively and stand by to be inspected.” He laughed and joked, but the children were petrified that they had done something wrong, shit. I panicked, and with no good cause. Jake saw what I did and smiled.
“Wow, stop with the faces kid’s, honestly I throw my crap in my bag and sort it when I get there, I am the worst packer. Now when we joke we do it with a smile, and honestly, I was simply asking do you have everything? The books you were talking about, why did you have to hide them, can Riley and I see them?” They looked at Jake and Bryony pulled three books from under her bed, as did the others, wow these were all first editions of the works of the Irish children’s book author, Brogan Murray. They were the best books ever, all about the wild Princess Anne, who acted just a like a wild raggedy girl, who lived in a castle and who spent her days running the moors with the wee folks, the Fae, the Goblins, Gnomes and all the other enchanted folk who lived in the woods surrounding the wild Princess Anne in her castle.
Her adventures were much like mine, and I had the whole set, the Laird who purchased the books for me, said the author stayed a few times at the big house and saw me and I became her inspiration for the books, the stories all came from watching me and I didn’t notice it then, but now looking at the books, I noted the pictures were like a young me too. Each year I was bought new ones for Christmas. Sadly, I gave my whole collection to the local children’s hospital when I finally left the castle for good to marry Allan.
“Someone liked you very much to give you these, these we need to pack in their own case come on.  I have a spare one.”
“We can read the books and you wouldn’t get angry?”
“Nope, you can read whatever books you want to, books are for learning about things and enjoying, reading shouldn’t be a chore it should be a joy.”
“I like to read the books, when the elders have gone to their services Alec or the twins would read them to us, and we would make up our own adventures, all about our escape from here, and now we are escaping. We really don’t have to come back?” I gripped Sarah tightly, almost smothering her. Jake picked up Bryony, almost crying himself.
“No, no you never have to come back, not if you don’t want to, but the place we’re going to is big and has lots of land like this and is old like this place, but that is where the differences end. Moor House is home, a loving home that if we’re very lucky and the new owners agree, we will be buying it from them. If not, we get to live there anyway. Perhaps Aunty Riley can read you the books at night, would you like that?”
“Aye, that would be ken.” I shrugged my shoulders and told him what they said.
“Yes, that would be fine Jake…” Our bags were loaded into the cars, when Jake wanted something done in a hurry it was, sheisk the removal men were coming up the road as we were leaving, and as we were leaving I saw the bonfire burning their parent’s profanities. I shivered and couldn’t ever forgive them for making the place I thought of as enchanted and magical, a place of filth and cruelty. They ruined my childhood happy home and made my wards life miserable, they would never have the happy memory’s I had there and for that I hope they are nice and warm in hell.
I’m thankful too that they were not buried in the family plot; having them soil our mother and fathers last place would have been the final insult. What was it Jake said as we left? ‘That we were off on an awfully big adventure, just we two and our five children.’ Jake drove us to the airport and straight through to a private jet. I looked at him and wondered what the hell we were doing.
“I pulled a few strings and borrowed this off a client. He wasn’t using it this weekend so said I had to go bring you and our family home. You like?”
“I love. Really you have friends with a Lear jet sitting doing nothing?”
“Okay, I lied, a little, I still own Jacob Moore Foods and J Moore pet stores, and this is a company jet okay?”
“Err no you lied to me Jake why?”
“I thought you might run away of you really knew how much I was worth and how much hard work running the company would be, I am a billionaire, just I’m a working billionaire. Dad’s ranch was really big and sort of had minerals and crap under it. The mining company paid me very well for it.” I was angry. I would be having words with Jacob Moore when we didn’t have five pairs of eyes frightened out of their tiny minds looking at a jet plane. I hardly doubt the twins, either set, would remember flying to Canada and I doubt Alec had been more than twice.
“Right kids, this is the jet plane that is taking Riley and I to get married, it seems a certain five children say we can’t be living in sin?”
“Yes, that’s correct it’s a sin and well we wouldn’t feel right, would we?” We had four more children in agreement.
“Come on let’s see if they have soda on the plane, I’m thirsty are you lot?”
“I’m awfully tired Aunty Riley, can we sleep on this?”
“Yes, there are three bedrooms and an office, and the chairs are really comfortable too.”
“Okay, I want the toilet too; do I have to hold it in all the way there?”
“No, there are three toilets on board.”
“Where does the water go when you flush the lavatory please? Will my jobbies fall on somebody’s heed?” I laughed loudly. Jake had no idea what jobbies were or what a heed was. He looked at me and laughed.
“It goes into a bit tank here and they empty it like a big septic tank, you know what they are, don’t you? He had five ayes. Good, he knew what jobbies were. This translating gig was damn easy. Ya all…
“This is all yours Uncle Jake?” Jake looked at me and smiled.
“It’s the company jet, but yes it’s mine, well its ours as a family, it will take us on holidays. Where we have fun and holidays, were we have adventures, but before that it’s taking me to marry my beautiful girlfriend. What do you say Ms Summers?” I nudged him in the ribs.
“Umm I guess it is come on get on board, what else are you not telling me Jake?”
“Nothing, just that I’m really happy, are you?” I ummed…
“We’ll see, so where are we getting married then?” He smiled.
“Well I thought of asking you to skip off across to Gretna whilst we were here, but the waits too long and I didn’t think you’d appreciate a quickie in Vegas, so how about a gathering at the house…?”
“Nope, the quickie in Vegas please, we cannot go another night without S.E.X.” He laughed.
“Honey, I think the children can spell.” They were all giggling in their seats. The very nice stewardess came and helped them buckle in. The take off was quick and painless and wow we fly like this from now on, customs came to us and there were no damn queues. We’d be flying about ten minutes when food and drink were brought to the tables and grace was said by Sarah.
“For our new family we thank you and please keep the plane in the air and please let my jobbies not hit anyone on their heed. Amen.” We all said amen to that. I have a feeling the old Laird led these children astray when they were up in the big house. We put the children to bed and snuggled together on Jakes armchair, Jake had been travelling for hours and had fallen asleep too. I wondered why he had lied about wanting to run the company? I didn’t have gold digger stamped on my head, nor was I without my own money. I wriggled on his lap trying to get him to wake up and talk.
“Jake, Jake please wake up.” He smiled.
“Umm do I have to, I was enjoying the ass massage you were giving me. What’s ticking in that head of yours Baby?”
“The whole thing about business, what else are you hiding from me?”
“I am not hiding anything Riley, I wanted to tell you that I want to carry on running the company my grandfather started. I have a family to leave it to now, they have to have a future and I will need to be busy. I get kind of cranky when I have nothing to do.”
“So you want to run the whole show then?” He nodded.
“I’d like the children to be proud of their new name, my father when he died, he left me a long letter saying that he knew deep down that farming wasn’t what I wanted and he knew I needed a challenge that’s why he had the company run through the CEO, until I made my mind up, and I think I have, but for it to work you have to be with me, in everything we do. I want you by my side. If you don’t want me to do it I won’t I can find something to do Baby.”
“Jake, I think you’re wonderful, so you are the head of the company that has your name on feed bags and name over pet store doors?” He laughed.
“Yer kin?”
“Oh I kin, young man, now where were we on the massage thing, we have a couple of hours and a bed to make out on.” Just then, Sarah came out of the cabin.
“I feel sick Aunty Riley. Can I have some of that pudding?” I smiled.
“You feel sick, but you still want pudding?”
“I do yes. I have a rumbling, in ma belly, and it hurts something terrible.” Jake flicked a button, and the stewardess came to pander to my little girl’s request.
“My daughter would like a pudding, and could I have one too, we like puddings don’t we Sarah?” She smiled.
“My Daddy eats too many puddings. I will have his other one too.” I looked in shock as she just called Jake Daddy. Something Jake noticed too. “Mummy wants one too.” The others heard their laughter and came out all looking just as tired as they did when they first went in.
“Sit down and eat it seems Sarah wants pudding.”
“Daddy said we could have some, and he didn’t get mad when I called him Daddy either, you didn’t, did you Daddy?”
“No, if that’s what you want to call me then I’m fine with that as will your…”
“Mum, we decided we want to call you Mum and Dad. We want to have proper parents and to do that we can’t call you Aunty and Uncle can we, but if you don’t want us to then that’s fine too.” I stammered I was their aunty, not their mum and Jake, well five hours ago he hadn’t even seen them.
“No, we are fine with it, it’s just that until we get married Jake can’t adopt you, he wants too, we were going to give you the choice.”
“We choose Moore, being a Summers wasn’t that good, besides the girls are Benson, not Summers, we heard uncle Gordon scream that being a Summer was wrong, his girls were his, not our fathers, what did he mean?” I wondered that too, were they my brother’s daughters? I cringed, and I think Jake knew the way I was thinking.
“He and my sister were very weird and Alice said when she married she would not give up her name, she loved being a Summer, so your dad changed his name to Summer when they married, that’s all I think they meant, it’s like when I was married to Allan, I never changed my name to his, he stopped being Allan Turnstone Fallows and I stayed as Anne Riley Summers, I loved my name too.”
“So will your name still be Riley Summers?”
“No, I will be Anne Riley Moore; I love your Unc, Dad very much and want to be called Moore.” I did too, crap this was happening. I’d had to grow up and become a responsible adult, sheisk a week ago I was enjoying a new-found passion with my boyfriend, now I’m a would be mum and soon to be wife, what alternate universe had that plane dropped me at? I swear it’s dropped me off in some sort of twisted universe, from having nothing, I now have everything, gheeze wake me up back in that crappy place I was in before and I swear I will kill someone. The rest of the flight Jake slept, the children played on their games, all mastering their little consoles with ease, and I didn’t even know how to turn them off. As the stewardess came to clear away, she gawped at Jake and I smiled as she tried to fasten his seat belt for him, to be told by Sarah he was quite capable of doing it himself, umm a Daddy’s Girl perhaps?
“Sorry Baby, I was so tired have I missed much?”
“A few clouds and an amorous stewardess, and Sarah almost threatened her with a good ole Glasgow Kiss.”
“I simply said Daddy could do his own seat belt, which he can, if not I can fasten it, she was far too wanting of him.” I laughed loudly as she scowled at the well told off stewardess.
“Damn, I slept through that, I was tired. So here we are at McCarran International Airport kids, take a good look at all the desert, you won’t be needing your winter coats its hot, so stick to your summer things and you should be fine, all take a bottle of water too please and keep hydrated, it’s a lot warmer than your little bodies are used too.” Good thinking Jake. 
“We are stopping at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, on the strip. I have taken the liberty of booking two of their largest suites, for our rather large family dear,” I ummed, “they have, luckily for us a connecting suite, so we are all in the same place.” I smiled. “The car is here to pick us up, it’s a stretch Hummer. So, what do you think?”
“Oh I get to think do I? I think then it’s very big, a very big boys toy, I suppose the kids will like it, sheisk.”
“I did ask did they have a golden carriage to take my Princess to her wedding and well this was the biggest they did Baby.”
“How long are we here for?”
“I couple of days, to see some sights, see a few shows and all after we get married. Come on we have to do the paperwork at city hall, then pick one of the hundreds of drive in places, are you sure that’s what you want?”
“I’m sure, we will have the party at the house later, but for now you need to put a ring on it. If Jacob Moore you want to sleep with me again.”
“Oh I do, I do I do, and like you wouldn’t believe.” Oh, I do Jake, like you wouldn’t believe. The car dropped us of the hotel and was told to wait for the call, we checked in to our two suites and the children went mad, they were looking at the view, at the swimming pools, the curtains, the fridges, the pictures, they were overly happy with the rooms and yes jumped on the nice beds, wait until they see the strip.
“Get dressed please and quickly, we have a loose end to tie up and your dad is finally gonna make an honest woman of your mom, seems only fair we do have five kids already.” Damn him, the man helping with the bags nearly had a conniption, as Gran would say. I should have put the poor man straight, instead I thumped my soon to be husband. I dressed in a really pretty summer dress with pale blue and white stripes and plain white sandals did my hair and grabbed my bag, really, this was my wedding and I looked like I was going sailing at Henley’s Royal Regatta? Still, it could be worse I suppose? I could be getting married whilst bungee jumping, as Allan had wanted. Jake came out looking rather dapper in a pair of cream linen trousers and a pale blue cotton shirt and pair of cream leather loafers, sheisk, I want that man now…
“Have you got all your paperwork and your passport?”
“I have, have you?”
“I have, and I have our wedding bands too, so what are we waiting for?”
“Five children take time getting ready Jake.” With that, they came at us from all directions, wow they do like their new clothes. We went to make tonight’s nooky legal, oh hell, that was a dead romantic thought and stupid reason for marriage, but here in this alternate universe I find myself living in, anything can happen, and it usually does…
We do the paper work, and as I sign the forms and after we pay the required fees, I get suddenly very nervous, a very worrying throw up sort of nervous, I climb back into the limo and see six faces all with beaming teeth and smiles and I relax, phew, I had to wonder then if wearing trainers and doing a runner would have been a good look?
“Right kids pick a chapel and then we are getting married.”
“Just like that with no minister, no bells, no pretty white dress, this place really is different than Inverness and the old castle. Oh, look there’s a pretty place and it has a church and a bell. ‘Graceland Wedding Chapel,’ it sounds so beautiful too.” Oh hell, I didn’t want to be getting married by a fat Elvis, especially one who looked like he would be better served working in that chip shop down the street, oh deep joy, I’m quoting a Kirsty McColl song now.
We made our way in and thankfully, the Elvis package was not available, so we were married by the regular guy, and after promising to love honour, cherish and obey, Jake slipped the ring on my finger. I had a funny ‘let me get out of here’ moment, as I repeated the words back to poor Jake who looked so afraid. Did it really seem to him like I was going to run? I slipped on the band I had already given him, as he said he wanted no other there. It was pronounced before God and our witnesses, five very lively children, we were now Man and Wife. The poor lady taking the photo’s said it was about time he’d put a ring on my finger especially after having five such beautiful children together, Jake agreed he was a little slow asking his babies Mamma to marry him, and after we posed for photos and got the certificate, my heart plummeted, not the reaction I was aiming for either, and then I had to finally run for the toilet.
“Sorry I really need the toilet.” I dashed to the little girl’s room and threw up. I kid yeah not; I threw up on my wedding day, it was so not a good look. Coming out, my husband, yikes I had a hot husband and five kids… Alright where’s that space time continuum guy gonna show up from Star Trek and beam me back to reality?
“Are you alright Baby, you look kind of peaky there?”
“Sorry, nerves Jake it was just nerves, so what do we do now then, Mr Moore?”
“Mrs Moore, the day is still young and our family needs feeding.” My stomach could do with something light and easy and as I looked, Jake had a tear escaping his eye. I thumbed it away and kissed him.
“Sorry about the barf breathe, I’ve no mints or toothpaste Husband Dearest.” A smile, we have a smile, we have a cute hot smile and then realisation set in… I realised I had married Jacob Moore, billionaire stud and smiling behind him five of the most adorable kids ever, wow I was not dreaming and I was not Dorothy in the Land of Oz, nor was I Alice in Wonderland. I was now Anne Riley Moore and I was strangely, yeah strangely, is a good word to describe these feelings, one strangely happy married woman.
“I picked this up Mum, can we go on a wee boat thing here see.” I looked at Jake and smiled.
“It looks like my wife is going to Faux Venice on her honeymoon. How about it kids, do you want to go on a ride on the Grand Canal and get a ride in a gondola?” We had five yes and a grumbled ‘I don’t do boats thing’ from ole grumpy knickers, me. I take one for team Moore though, we headed to the Venetian Hotel.
Wow it was amazing as we really looked like we were actually on the Grand Canal, well sort of, we were in two gondola’s Jake and I with the girls in one, and the boys in another, we were serenaded by a mad woman called Mia and we sailed around an indoor pool for about twenty minutes, not as smelly as the real Venice, but just as nice a ride. The girls ewe-ed and argh-ed as the lady sang and then they wanted to eat pizza. We got out of the faux indoor canal and went to get some proper fresh air, not the piped in stuff, the children were giddy and as Jake snapped away with his camera phone. I realised I was hungry and the kids would need feeding too, sheisk on honeymoon in Vegas with five kids, and of course the sixth kid Jake. He was on a mission for them to see everything in one day, we ate, we walked, we laughed, and my poor feet were blistered. 
“How about we see the show Cirque du Soleil, and then call it a night? We have a Grand Canyon day tomorrow, we’re going in a helicopter ride over the canyon?” Five tired kids needed to change, and I needed Jake.
“Jake… How about we, sort of, you know?”
“Oh, I know Baby, I thought if we wore out the children we could have a really great night, you know having really loud married arsed sex?”
“Umm, there was method in your madness then husband of mine, so what are we waiting for? Let’s watch us a show, I need a shower too fancy joining me?” We headed back to the hotel.
“You bet your married arse I do. Seeing as we are now not living in that wondrous place called sin.”
“I quite liked sinning with you…”
“Can we have anything we want to eat tonight Mum?” We were interrupted by Bryony, gheeze we have to be more careful, because I nearly had my hands down Jakes pants.
“There is a restaurant in the Bellagio, or we could have burgers?”
“Can we try a pizza thing? It looked yummy on the menu, I did ask earlier, so I have called dibs on dinner?”
“You’ve never had a pizza?”
“Nahah, and until we had a McDonald’s tuther day we never kin those either.” Jake was excited to be sharing their first things with them. Very new parent like indeed.
We looked quite the cute, large family all going down to dinner, Jake attentive as any new husband should be and the kid’s well there was something new around every damn corner, Christ everything was new for them and though I should be happy. I can’t help but think we’re being followed. I don’t let on to Jake as he is in new husband, new dad heaven. We strolled down the strip towards, the Bellagio I turned, and he was there the man from earlier, and from the hotel lobby. I walked arm in arm with Jake and as he stopped to take photos, I suddenly went all GI Jane on the man who was clearly following us.
“What the hell are you following us for? Speak or I’ll break your arm.” I held him down with my knee to his back and had his arm twisted up tight and his palm sort of looked all bent out of shape.”
“Sir, please tell your wife to put me down.” He knew Jake.
“Baby put the nice man down, this man is called Dean Phillips and he, my darling ninja, is meant to be your protection, you know for you and the kids?”
“Do I fuc… Flipping look like I need protection, Jake I warned you I could kill a man with my bare hands, do I fuc... Flipping look like I need him?” I helped him up. “Sorry, my arse of a husband didn’t tell me Inspector Clouseau was tailing me. Really you need to work on your undercover tactics I spotted you and the dork laughing at you behind the palm tree in the Venetian, the restaurant and in our hotel lobby.”
“Sorry Mrs Moore, but I wasn’t undercover I was giving you the space your husband said you would expect, I’m here mainly to cover the children, they are or could be kidnap and be hostage victims. Mr Moore and Mr Knight have a team guarding you, there are five in total and if you only spotted two of us we are doing our job. As I said three of us are undercover, we two are just close protection officers.” I scowled at Jake.
“The other three are the lady with the beanie hat on, or the headscarf depending on if she thinks I’ve seen her or not, then the old man reading the upside-down newspaper and the kid in the khaki board shorts, really you have five idiots watching me Jake?”
“I’m sorry but as Dean rightly said, you and the kids are targets Baby, the kids well are a little, none too world wise. Already Bryony has run off twice and Sarah has given me the slip twice too.”
“You… I swear one day you will treat me as a damned equal, if the children need protecting I will protect their arses, you ass.” I stomped off. I was mad as hell and lost Jake and my great tail. I laughed and went shopping, let Jake, the kids and security go and watch the damned show, I need alone time. I need retail therapy and to get my hair done. I strolled through the arcade attached to some hotel I’d ran too, where I’d lost my tail and where I wanted to just blend away.
I went for a cup of tea and a little calm time, I needed it when I realised that I had walked away from five children and Jake, shit. I was exhausted, both physically and mentally. I finished the tea and spent a few hours having my hair preened and shopping, when I finally got back, the kids were all asleep and Jake was out on the balcony looking pissed. I would have been pissed had he done it to me if truth were told, but I was a wreck and confused, drained and feeling like my world was closing in on me. I needed to talk to him and to tell him not to crowd me. I need my freedom and I need to be me. I need to have that control over me, this sharing crap is an all new ball game for me, I have always taken the lead. I’ve always been in charge and now, now, I couldn’t control a stationary, solitary flee on a damned bald cat. I was feeling out of my depth, because I was out of my depth.
“Have you calmed down any?”
“Yes, no and yes again, Jake what’s happening to me? I can’t do this. I can’t be a wife and a mother. I couldn’t be a police officer, I couldn’t hack being in the army, and why would any sane person let me loose on children, they gave me five beautiful damaged children? Then there’s you, you who feel the need to smother me in your love. How can I be such a bitch, were do I get off being so selfish and why do I feel the need to think it’s my god given right to be in charge. Why did I run away from the man I love and those beautiful children? Jake I’m sorry.” I broke down in tears.
“Baby, wow where did all that come from, I knew I’d pissed you off, but I thought you’d understand the risk to you and the children? You know being, as your married to me and you know I’m rich and kidnappers, well they know I’d pay a fortune to get any of you back. I have to look out for you all you’re my family, if anything were to happen to you six, I’d die.”
“Jake all you had to do was tell me, I would have been mad as all hell, but I would have understood I think? Sorry strike that I may have still been a bitch.” He laughed and held me tightly.
“I still need you watched, the kids especially, they were very excitable when you rushed off, I told them you had to get back to calm down and that I had messed up and you were angry with me. They sort of didn’t want to leave you, but they soon forgot when they ate, and we watched the amazing circus thing, the water show, and acrobatics were amazing. Bryony asked could I dive like they did being a seal, the little monster made a bloody seal noise as they dived in.
Sheisk it’s a good job we had the best seats, or they may have asked us to leave. Then we had room service, they love the phone Baby, watch them for ordering room service ice creams. We finished the night with hot coco with whipped cream and marshmallows, another first for them, a bedtime hot drink they only drank water at night and had milk with their meals, they didn’t understand what a treat was. I keep asking them do they want this, do they want that, and yeah they were a little zapped on sugar and they all went to bed exhausted ten minutes before you got back. Sarah fell asleep on my lap and Bryon had to be carried in by security, I had my hands full. Riley, I need my conjugal visit darlin’ wife, if I’m going to bad husband prison?”
“Jake you married a lune, with five kids.”
“I beg to differ I married a sexy lune, and we have five kids. We will get this right Baby. I promise to consult and discuss security from now on, fancy you spotting only four of the five men.”
“Four? I saw all five men.”
“Nope Baby, the old man was just a confused old guy trying hard to read a paper, the man you didn’t see, Tony will be our kids lead protection officer, seeing as you didn’t see him, he tailed you all night, just to put me at ease, you left me holding the babies, literally.”
“Umm, I am slipping, I didn’t see anyone else and umm you look good with the girls in your arms all fatherly and drop dead fanciable…”
“I’m gonna go out on a limb here and suggest you slip on something, how about onto your husband’s dick? I’ve been married for all of twelve hours, and it seems we have to, err what’s the words I’m looking for here? Oh, I remember we have to consummate our union Baby.” I smiled and slipped out of my shoes, the dress fell from my shoulders and I walked seductively into our bedroom.
“Coming to bed dear, I have some making up to do?” He leaped over the sofas and ran into the room. “Umm, seems I may be over dressed Jake.” I removed my bra and seductively shimmied out of my knickers. “Umm so much better, are you cold Jake, ‘cos you still have a lot of clothes on?” He stripped, not seductively or with any finesse, in fact he may have ripped his shirt buttons of in his eagerness to join me as I started playing with myself on the bed.
I rubbed my fingers over my bud and moaned, one hand tweaking my own nipples hard, and the other rubbed my wetness. I felt his tongue on my calf and then as he slowly licked and kissed his way up to my sex. I felt a growing passion, my finger playing and his tongue joining me as I came. Jake moved my finger to his mouth and sucked, boy was that sexy, but not as sexy as his face disappearing between my legs. His tongued probed and as he created wetness, he’d stop and lap up the juices. He lapped harder devouring me and as I shrieked and I came hard, pulling on his hair as I convulsed, yes I was shaking and screaming and speaking in tongues as I had a fit of some kind, I thrust wildly with him and as I came down from my extremely pleasurable high I cried out feeling a weird painful agony, feeling both pleasure and pain at the same time… One word described it perfectly… Wow.
“Baby, are you alright?”
“Umm, yes, really fine, oh hell that was one hell of a ride.”
“I kind of liked it too, so if I did this again am I forgiven?”
“Umm, yes, really I’m fine, Jake can you please do that again?”
“If you insist…” He and I made love well into the dark hours, and by breakfast time, our marriage is truly consummated. I sat in the hot bath, aching from the hours of his out of this world loving. I’m definitely spoilt in that department.
“Riley, the kids and I are going to breakfast. How are you feeling this morning Mrs Moore?”
“Me? I’m feeling battered and bruised and that’s an understatement, wow we were different last night. You went all cave man primal on me. You kept saying over and over I was yours.”
“I know I sort of feel so differently now, I mean, I loved you before, obviously or we wouldn’t be married, but you know I feel like it’s my job now to be. Yeah, all cave man and protective of you and my family. So get yourself out of there, dried and meet us in the dining room. I’ve ordered you pancakes; don’t forget were flying over the Grand Canyon later, then back here for swimming and going to see the shark and fish thing they have here, we are feeding the sting rays and turtles.” I urged and popped my head under the water; I’m really married and have five kids, crap this shit, just got real…


CHAPTER ELEVEN:


Our busy honeymoon consisted of three days in Vegas, were we swam, ate and well Jake and I well and truly consummated our union. We had three days shopping in Washington for winter things for the children and to show them America’s capital city and where we went sightseeing and it was where we found out the kids were not as dumb as the Lairds assistant led us to believe they were, in fact I’d go as far as to say they were really smart. They shocked Jake and I all the time knowing more than Jake on the history of America. We are really getting this parenting thing down to a fine art, though I do struggle being a girly girl with Sarah and Bryony, they tend to go to Jake, who they have wrapped around his finger. We are back on the plane and heading to Calgary, with three security guys in tow, Dean, Tony and Dervla, the woman in the beanie hat. The guys met us off the plane and it felt really weird to be here, in a place that just over a month ago I had landed at and was looking at a fresh start on my own, at Moor House.
“The guys know the kids are shy, and well Nightmare has them pretty much trained with Grace, so these five will be no problem, apparently they can’t wait to see my damn fine wife.”
“Jake, I know I have said this before, but I love you.”
“Love you more Mrs Moore. Love saying that too and oh my favourite, gimmy more Mrs Moore.” I told him to behave.
“It’s awfully cold Dad.” Alistair shivered, and Nightmare gave Jake that aww shucks he’s a dad look. Bryony was flapping. Sheisk they were nervous why and I and to wonder why? I looked at them from the plane steps and they were rather huge, the guys…
“Good job you are all wrapped up son, the cars are heated. Stop worrying Bryony please because they don’t bite. Right, let’s get home.” Home Moor House is home, our home, and here comes the tears again. Nightmare and the guys were there on the tarmac with the four cars, we had loads of baggage, and our children like me, knew how to shop for clothes and games. 
“Mr and Mrs Moore, children of the Moore’s we welcome you back to Canada, come here Ma’am.”
“You look well for a married man Jake, who’d have thought you would ever get married. Hi kids I’m Detective, that’s Nightmare, that’s Shark and the weedy one is Peanut, now who are you?”
“We were warned not to talk to the strange man at the airport and you are a strange man alright.” The lads laughed at Sarah’s rebuff of poor Detective.
“Sarah, apologise please.”
“But Daddy said I had to make fun of the wee man, didn’t ya Daddy?”
“I did sorry, but yes, my little Pumpkin was just following orders Riley. I knew he’d be busting my chops, so I had ma girlies ready to protect their Dad.”
“Detective, this is Sarah, this is Bryony, this is William, and this is Alistair, and this is our eldest, he’s Alec. These are my buddies and business partners kids. Say hello and get in the cars, its cold here. Peanut, Shark can you please help me get their bags in the cars. Riley is desperate to see Henry aren’t you Baby?”
“I am, is he alright?”
“Oh yes he’s settling in right fine. He is such a nice man. He really knows his stuff about this place, the extra help you paid for Jake, has done well.” Jake shushed Detective, had he employed more security? I will keep calm and carry on, until we’re home. As we rolled up to the drive way, the impressive building was in the distance.
“What, do you think family will we be alright here?”
“Is that ouer new hoose? It’s canny and massive.” I guess Alistair likes it, the girls are with Jake in the front vehicle, I guess they like it too I can see them jumping about. Our entourage makes it way down the snow laden road way. We pull up in front of the house and I am immediately blindfolded.
“Now Mrs Moore, can you see anything?”
“No…”
“Good now walk this way please we want to show you what a week and a bit away can do.” I was shuffled through to the front entrance.
“Jake please, just take this thing off me, I’m feeling claustrophobic Jake.” He loosened it and I gasped, it was light bright warm and airy, wow, everything was done in here and every door was open to allow me to see through them.
“Well, what do you think?”
“Wow… But why, it’s not as though it’s ours or anything, why rush to finish it?” I spotted Henry and ran into his waiting arms.
“Oh, but it is dear Riley, you and Jake are the new owners of Moor House, welcome home.”
“What, when did this happen?” Jake looked equally as miffed, he didn’t arrange this?
“We have things to discuss the three of us, please come this way, the children can run and play and explore and happen to know the cats are well accustomed to the nursery wing. Girls there are three cats on your beds called Rum, Tum and Tugger.”
“We have cats? Hello, I’m Bryony pleased to meet you Sir.”
“Hello, I’m Sarah, who are you, are you Henry?”
“I am yes; it’s a pleasure to see you. Go and explore the house there’s lots to see and I’m sure you’ll find your rooms they all have your names on the doors, we will catch up later at dinner.” I watched as the girls looked for approval. I nodded, and they went in search of their brothers who’d disappeared as we got in the doors, totally forgetting their manners.
“Now Jake and Riley, we have a lot to discuss, things have happened since you have been away, that have hastened my charade forward a little. I wasn’t expecting you to marry as quickly as you did. I am sure you’re wondering why I seem to be taking control of a home you two were brought into run, yes?”
“Well, yes Henry you seem different, the same, but different I can’t put my finger on it?”
“What’s the story Henry, why are you acting like you own the place?” Jake looked rather off with Henry.
“Jake, Riley please come to my drawing room. I have explanations and stories to tell, come please sit, the cook will see to the children and the boys are staying on for a couple of days in case you need to let loose as you youngsters say.” We walked with Henry to his drawing room, really his drawing room, had he lost the plot?
“Now Henry start explaining, because I’m afraid for your state of mind, we have been gone a week and you are now claiming to be the owner, who died six months ago?”
“No dear, the owner was searching for answers, Harry or Henry Petersen died six months ago, Henry or as some call me, Harry St Pierre, is here in front of you very much alive and very much who I say I am, ask Mr Knight I’m sure he did a thorough background check on me last night, when I paid them for their very quick and very good services, with a check from my personal checking account in the name of H. St Pierre. Please sit, you are in for a shocking and confusing night. I swear on the graves of both of my wives, I had no idea either of you existed until last year.”
“You knew we existed, hell we do exist, Henry I have always been Jake Moore and she, until very recently was Anne Riley Summers.”
“Yes, your adoptive parents name Jake, or in your case Riley your parents given name. Please sit and let me explain. Firstly, ten years ago my darling second wife Killen died suddenly of heart failure, hastened by years of worry from her son, she’d had a tormented life with her first husband Chapman Farrington and their son Chapman Junior, her only child was a monster, who took after his father in everything name, looks, and personality. I stepped in to help Killy raise the boy, when his father died in, let’s just say a dubious shooting, we believe Junior shot his own father, in an action we were led to believe that was self-defence. I was Chapman’s business partner, having led a quiet life here in Canada after my beloved wife Mary and son Rory died in child birth, I locked myself away and did business from here, Chapman Farrington ran the company out there, as I had become agoraphobic when Mary died and when I returned from visiting their graves. I mourned them alone up here, and for many years too. I never went anywhere, after a while I even stopped going into Barbs for pie; I couldn’t live life nor love anyone like I did when I had my dear Mary by my side.
My biggest regret was that I did not join her for the birth of our son quickly enough. I was here doing business shutting operations down and joining her, she was a fragile thing and the cold was not good for her, so I sent her to her Uncles place to live back in Savannah, the heat and dry air was much better for her health, alas whilst there she had a fall from a horse, which brought on the early arrival of our son, Rory, he was born too early and she was too weak to survive and when I got there, they had buried them together and I was left bereft, alone and saddened. I contemplated taking my own life, but something always stopped me, I’d pass out drunk before I took the dratted pills, or someone would find me. I came back here a very bitter, very mean and quite the ruthless businessman. I bought companies and sold them off for very large profits, I was known as the Grimm Reaper in the business world, they knew once I was called in their business was days from being no more. I made millions out of other people’s misery, and then my business partner, Chapman was as bad as me, but he messed up a deal and took someone’s money.
Someone who shouldn’t have been crossed, he was using my name to do deals behind my back and angered some very bad people. Anyway, to cut the story short Chapman was hooked on drugs, prostitutes, and was selling information on my business dealings to them, they were trying to outwit me, and they used him. Then one night he came home loaded on pills and booze, he attacked the young boy and well his son shot him. As I said in self defence. Poor Killen was a weak wreck and I felt sorry for her, she came to stop here with me. I had been on my own for years and needed the company and she was, well she was an angel and needed help with her teenage son, he was a nightmare. He was wild and not easily controlled, I guess killing a man can do that to a young man. Well, then he did something deplorable to a young serving girl here.
He raped her, he left her for dead and came home and drank himself into oblivion. When I found him passed out in the lounge, he told me he had killed dear Eithne and so I went in search of her body, alas with no luck. I had everyone looking for her and then the bastard well he denied saying anything to me, so I threw him out. The police could do nothing without a body, and he said she had probably run away, when she came into his room for their usual nightly sex. He told the police it was consenting sex and she’d run off when he refused to marry her or tell me of their clandestine affair. Like she was like that, she was a sweet innocent girl, but he has the gift of the gab. Like his damned father before him. His mother didn’t need the strain, as her heart was already weak. I was married to his mother by then, she didn’t want the scandal of her and I sharing a home. I wasn’t having her hurt more as I’d grew very fond of her. Alas, she wasn’t my darling Mary, but Killen was a good woman.
After that incident I was forever bailing him out, putting him through numerous drying out clinics. Seeing to it that her son received help, I have preferred he rotted in prison, but she loved him for all his faults and thought he would change, alas he didn’t. He stole some jewellery and money to go on holiday in Europe, he said it was to sort himself out, when he phoned home for more money. I asked him where my wedding ring was from Mary, it’s on your finger Jake, that was mine.” I murmured oh, as Jake began to take it off, he was stopped by Henry. “That’s yours and I’m very proud to see you wearing it.” I explained what the man in the jewellers told me.
“It was pawned, the man in the shop said he had hoped the man would come back for it.”
“I don’t doubt it, he took all his poor mothers things and my ring and ran away.”
“I don’t know if I want to wear a stolen ring.”
“I would be honoured to see you wearing it Jacob, it was given to me with love and it was given to you with the same love, so there it stays.” He smiled and continued on with his story. “I found out later he had read a book, in one of the centres he stayed in, and the story read like the rape and a Moor House was mentioned, she didn’t change enough of the names, even the centre where she had you was nearly the same. So he had friends help trace the place in the story, and he spoke to people in the place you were born and he befriended your grandparents, who gladly told them about their wonderful granddaughter, they told him where your parents where in Scotland and he tracked you down, he wanted you back. He wanted to give his mother a granddaughter, he hoped doing that, would win him favour and get his trust fund back. Alas whilst he was there, he did something and well Riley whilst he was there he, he oh lord, he was drinking, driving and he ran over a deer and as he stopped to look, a car came at him and drove off the side…”
“NO… NO… NO… NO… NO… NO… He, oh hell no, he, he killed my parents?” Jake grabbed me and told Henry to be quiet. I couldn’t believe it. He had killed my mother and father.
“I’m sorry Riley, but it gets worse, he was there looking for you, his daughter…” The room suddenly got hotter, very hot. When I awoke in tears and sobbing. I asked the very ill looking Henry to continue, it wasn’t his fault all this, he looked so hurt for me. I needed to hear everything. “If you’re sure Riley, I didn’t know everything until very recently. I received a very interesting letter from your birth mother Riley, she had it posted here. She was the serving girl he raped, after he left her for dead, she got away on a service train, lord knows how she did it, he nearly killed her. She lived day to day doing waitressing and things until she was too far along to work. She fell asleep on a train and they let her out at the stop near your grandparents place. She thought it was shut for the winter and broke in, to her amazement it wasn’t, and it was there your mother and grandmother helped birth her of you.
She gave her daughter to your mother to raise, after she promised to give her nothing but love happiness and a good childhood, she was to promise never to raise a hand and never have a cross word with you, to always love you as her own and to never tell the baby, the child or the woman you would later become anything differently. She didn’t want you to hate her or the wonderful woman she gave you to. Her name was Eithne Malloy, she was here straight from Ireland, her parents had died, and she had some money, so they sent her here to live with her uncle, they soon spent her inheritance, then that only relative couldn’t afford to have her with them. So Mary employed her here, as her personal maid and Chapman, he was overly attached to her. she was a pretty thing so very like you Riley.
Then he raped her, when he was drunk, and she had refused him, she was afraid after that to say anything, as he threatened to send her to work in a brothel. He then had his way with her almost from the start of her service here, she was a very shy, very meek girl and didn’t say anything to us, his mother and I would have seen to it he was punished. He, let’s just say did it to her more than once apparently, had I known, I would have killed him, the last time nearly killing her. After she had you, she went to New York and was an assistant to a very nice old lady who educated her and raised her almost as a daughter. She wrote a bestselling novel based on her epic tale, and it gave her a comfortable life, as did her inheritance from the woman who took in the emotional wreck of a girl, the same girl she found hiding in her winter ski cabin here in Canada. Here is the letter she sent me, she found out she was dying and wanted a record of who you were, should you ever ask. I looked into everything she had written, and everything was true. I came to Scotland to see where the idiot had killed someone, you weren’t there Riley, you were serving your country in the Army. Your mother she wrote under her new mother’s name, of Brogan Murray.”
“Henry, she wrote the books I was given as a child, hell the kids have them too, all this, this story, how can it be true? I know I come from a product of rape, I told you that and you already knew that. She really came to see me, my birth mother, she actually came to stop at the castle, when I was little, and I think I saw her once or twice, but she was a guest of the old Laird.
I couldn’t speak to guests, so she knew where I was too? How, how do you know all this Henry, shit the letter, yes the letter.” I read the damned letter. “She wrote he’d confessed to causing my parents accident, he was on the way to the castle according to this, what was he gonna say hello I’m daddy you’re coming home, what fucking planet was he on? I’m confused my head hurts. Henry you knew all this about me and who I was before I even got here?”
“I have more to tell you, do you want to take a break?”
“No, I want to know everything, and I want Jake to know too. He has a right to know who he married.”
“I married you, knowing most of this Riley, you told me everything Baby.” Henry carried on telling me my story.
“He came back owing the wrong people money, he couldn’t find you even his friends couldn’t infiltrate the damn Army, but he found poor Brogan, he wanted to know everything. Only this time she wasn’t a weak girl, she threw him out of her apartment at Niagara Falls and well he needed money.
He owed the wrong people money, bad people. He’d borrowed it to find you, he phoned someone who promised to send him some more money. He told them where he was and well, he was no more after a while, they came alright but to finish him off and well they succeeded where the law had failed, he deserved that and more.”
“Can we continue this later Baby, you’ve had a shock.”
“I’ve had a shock, that’s a bit of an under fucking statement don’t cha think? I’m sorry Jake, but I need to know that I have this straight, Brogan Murray or Eithne Molloy was my mother, she met me, she knew about me, your stepson killed my parents and I have a psycho for a father who wanted me back for cash, fuck me any other shocks?”
“Your birthmother left her fortune and property to you her daughter. Here is another letter, this was to be given to you.” I murmured oh. “As I said this was a charade I started, to get my family back, a family I did not know I had. After Killen died, I was again alone unhappy and going mad, well I did go mad a little, I went travelling after I sold my company.
I had more money than I could ever spend, so I started to wander the globe. I left Harry in charge here, he was a good gamekeeper and a very shy man who kept himself to himself. He lived in and I reported in from time to time and he’d have the cook post mail on to me, if I was in a place for a long while.
He’d spent a lot of time being out here alone, as the majority of the staff left when I stopped the farming, and the day to day running of the place. Dear Harry stopped on, because he had the heart for it and with Killen dead and her son dead. I had nothing to stay here for. I got that letter in a batch sent to my home in Italy. and as I said I checked it all out and though you were not my granddaughter, in the blood sense. I knew Killen would haunt me if I didn’t keep an eye on you.
I have been following you for the past four years Riley, money talks and I had enough to find you and keep a distant eye on you. I went back to America, as I’d not been to see my son or wife’s grave in a long time, but in finding you Riley I felt the urgent need to see my family again. As all I had left of them was my wife and son’s resting place. I needed to see if it was in a descent order, so I flew into Savannah to talk to them, to tell them I had more family.
I’d bought the old place from her family, when they lost all their money. I couldn’t have my wife and child’s last resting place disturbed, so I bought it and it is run as a hotel now. The gardener there keeps their graves tended, and he sees to it they have pretty flowers on, and well it was all I thought I had left. I was putting a photo of Mary on the grave, when an old woman came and sat on the bench I’d had placed there. She then proceeded to tell me of my beautiful wife, something I was gladdened to hear.
I asked her how she knew my wife and she said she was her baby boy’s wet nurse. I was, as you can imagine shocked and horrified at the mad woman. I screamed at her my son and wife both died from the fall from the horse. She was not a mad woman and she took me to her little house and showed me photos of my beautiful and very much alive son. I was frantic and needed to know everything, as you can imagine he would be reaching his fortieth birthday soon. I had missed everything, every step, word, the life he had I missed. I missed his schooling I missed everything, not because I wanted too, but because I thought my child was dead, I thought Rory my son was, was dead.
When I found out about him, I was shocked and angry, you name it every emotion I could face, I did and with the help of the wet nurse I had leads to follow. It turns out my poor wife was anything but poor, she was a very wealthy heiress, and her uncle was not the owner of the house, but my wife was, it was left to her by their grandfather, as she was the eldest grandchild. There was a clause in the grandfathers will, that whoever had the first legitimate male heir received everything...
Skulduggery was a foot and so when she gave birth to our child, Mary had given the estate the male heir she needed to inherit the estate in its entirety, thus making them homeless and penniless. He had been working with a dodgy lawyer, the same one who had my son declared dead and had him illegally adopted. With Mary dead the house was then left to her uncle’s daughter, as the next oldest. The grandfather hated his son for some reason?
He was long since dead when I found all this out, and I had already purchased the house, so I had no way of piecing together anything. I was lost, the lawyer’s office had no records and so I went back to the wet nurse. Then the nurse remembered a family who worked for Mary’s uncle who had been married awhile and she had lost a few babies, she was unable to have a child.
She thought perhaps the baby had been given to them to bring up as their own son, they’d moved to set up their own ranch. I later found out the money used to start their new ranch came from the uncle’s estate, well it was Rory’s legal money, his inheritance from his mother and they were told to make it work for him, as he would be getting nothing else, and that was all there was.
I had to get my hands on all sorts of records from tax offices and such, to find out who left the ranch and where they were and more importantly, what they were called. Well, I eventually found my son, he had been illegally adopted. I never knew he existed, so I could not have signed the adoption papers and signed away my parental rights, as the paperwork said I had, I would never have put him up for adoption, he was my blood, he was my son, he was my beloved Mary’s child. I found out who he was and where he was when I came back from seeing Brogan, sorry Eithne. I had missed almost forty years of his life and I didn’t know how to approach him.” I looked at Jake his head was hung low and then I looked at Henry.
“Henry are you saying what I think you’re saying that Jake is your son? Is that what you’re trying to tell us, Jake is your son?”
“Yes, I am his father. I had tests done, I wanted to just come to see you and tell you, but how would that go? Hey son I’m your long-lost father. I knew your father had just passed away and you were vulnerable, I am not a monster, he raised you, and they raised you well too. I didn’t know about you Jake I swear.”
“What do you want Henry, forgive me but I am not sure how this plays out. Do I give you a hand shake and say congratulations it’s a boy, oh by the way you owe me birthday gifts for all the ones you missed?”
“Son, I…”
“…I may be your legal son, but I had a father, I had a mother and shit why have us up here to play mind games with us?”
“I didn’t set out to do that. I fully intended to introduce myself when you got here, but I was rather drunk, and well lost my keys to the house in the snow, so I went to stay in the hut on the edge of the property. It had stores and supplies, well to cut a long story short, I passed out drunk the day Anne got here and needed a change of clothes. I couldn’t put mine on they were in my bedroom, so I used some of Harry’s old stuff, we were very alike, both called Henry, some people called me Harry and him Henry, it’s very confusing.”
“No try being told your fathers alive and wants you back that’s fucking confusing Daddy.” Jake was pissed at Henry. Surely, he can see this is not his fault?
“Jake listen and learn, please give him a chance to explain it all, please Jake?”
“Carry on I ain’t happy though, not happy at all.” Henry continued.
“I then needed to get into the house I was freezing, I broke in and well you know what came next, you two were very kind to an old man down on his luck and I decided to get to know you first, and then tell you who I was.” Jake was stunned and sat looking at the man opposite.
“You have to be kidding me, right? You’re basically saying my mother and father were paid to take me away? I have legal adoption papers signed by you giving permission for me to be adopted. I have them in my things being sent.”
“All faked, illegal fakes, at no time did I ever sign my rights away Jake.”
“Henry, what does this mean?” I was still taking all my news in, when Henry hit Jake with his story, poor Jake looked like the rug had been pulled from beneath his feet.
“I don’t know what to do now, you both know the truth and I have to hope you want to know me? Jake, I never stopped grieving for you or your mother, here are photos of her carrying you and pictures of us together, please take them, and as for you Riley the solicitor would like to have your late mother’s estate put in order. You also have a significant payment from my stepson’s trust fund. I know that is a harsh reality too, but as his ‘daughter’ you are his only bloodline.”
“I don’t want his money, no I don’t want it give, it to the dog’s home. I don’t want it Henry. I am happy to know about my mother, because she did a wonderful thing, but he killed my parents and raped my mother, so no I want nothing to do with him, having his blood in me is more than I can handle.”
“Fine, I agree, and my solicitor will sort all that. Jake are you going to be alright with all this?”
“Yeah real cool Daddy, I don’t understand why they thought you were dead, where did you disappear to for the last ten years? Why come up with such a ludicrous story, for fucks sake I have just married your fucking granddaughter, do you know how fucked up that is. I am married to my own, for fucks sake, what is she my niece or my half sister for fucks sake?” 
With that he got up and walked away, well ran would be the word for it and then he high tailed it out of the place and hit the road in his car. Shit what a nightmare. Then Nightmare came in, seeing Jake drive off as he did. He was worried.
“You told him then Henry? I knew he would go bat shit crazy, he loved his parents. Give him time and he will sort his head out and well just be there when he gets back, in the meantime your children are in the kitchen the new cook, Mrs Donovan is feeding them chocolate cake, are you alright Riley?”
“Me, yeah I’m really fine, I have my closure knowing my mother saw me and cared about me enough not to wreck my life and interfere, she did what was right for me. Unfortunately for poor Henry, he didn’t have a choice with Jake. Will he be alright really, you know him better than me Nightmare?”
“He’ll hit the bar, and you will get a phone call to go get him, listen we were going too, we are about to hit the road. Do you want us to stop until he gets back?”
“No, I think we will be fine you get back to Grace and Lana, you did a great job, and remember there is enough room carpets and flushing toilets for Lana. Don’t be a stranger here, besides Jake and Riley have a wedding to plan.” I murmured oh…


CHAPTER TWELVE:


Henry and I went to see the children, they were done exploring and I had to admit today’s revelations had killed me. Jake was off God knows where and the lads were all leaving, they came in to say their goodbyes. All of them assured me everything would be fine, and that they would stop in town on their way to the airport, find him and bring him home. So, all we could do was sit and wait for his return. 
The children were exhausted and insisted on showing me their rooms, and they were wonderful, they each had a room of their own and one room was a schoolroom, with a room for the soon to arrive tutor. Henry had seen to it that they had all manner of games, books, puzzles and dolls for the girls. Their rooms had had a lot of love go into them and according to a very troubled Henry, Jake had thrown extra money and got more men in to finish it.
I held poor Henry, he was suffering through no fault of his own, I wasn’t angry, but Jake must have been, he had been gone for hours. The children bathed and changed for bed and I read them my mother’s book, Anne and the Naughty Fae Princess, the words on the page now made me feel unhappy for the woman writing these tall tales and adventures for a child she loved, me, and she had written down all my wondrous adventures.
I left the light on for the girls and made my way down stairs, Nightmare had phoned to say Jake was not in town and neither was his plane, he’d left me? He didn’t answer my constant calls from my mobile or from the house. Nightmare said he’d find him and bring him back. I’d had enough and told him if and when Jake came back, he would do so under his own steam.
I wasn’t going to beg him to come back. I was not his niece, sister or cousin or whatever he thought he was married to. He was so screwed up and neither Henry or I are to blame, his parents had to have known they were getting their bosses nieces child, surely?
“Henry I’m going to my quarters I will see you in the morning.” He smiled.
“Your rooms are upstairs Riley, the big yellow and cream room in the west wing. I thought you’d like it, as it is such a bright room.”
“Thank you are my things up there?”
“They are. Mrs Donovan is in your quarters and the new gardener is in Jakes rooms, we have lots to discuss when Jake gets back, I’m sorry Riley.”
“What have you got to be sorry for? Jake will come around, it wasn’t your fault all this. He has to see that his parents knew all you told him, because he isn’t stupid right? They were probably desperate for a child, and okay they did a good job on him, but that was your place to do that, not theirs. We just have to be here when and if he comes back, after all we are not the same people we were, well we are, but now we have added baggage. Do you know what I mean, I think he will come back, I have to hope he comes back, what if he doesn’t?” Henry held me tightly, asking if it was alright to give me a much needed hug. “Henry this is a mess, isn’t it?”
“I could have handled it better, I must admit. I knew he would be angry at me, but angry with you, that I don’t understand?” I didn’t know Jake enough to try and hazard a guess as to how he would handle this, he was as such a stranger, albeit a stranger who I had sex with, mind blowing loving sex.
He loved me, right, and he’d be back, right? He wanted the children, right? It was no good, I was rationalising and departmentalising our short time together. I was trying to figure out the stranger I married, it was the only way I knew how to cope. Hoping that he would cool off and come home, home to me and the family he said he wanted. I awoke in the middle of the night with a text from Jake; I was shocked and horrified at the message.

   Jake: I want an annulment of our marriage and do not look for me, you stopped there with him, and you chose him over me. Fine goodbye…

I stared at the screen in disbelief; he wanted our marriage annulled? On what fucking grounds, that he was an arse? Who thought he was married to his fucking niece or whatever I was to Henry? I was Henry’s step granddaughter, and I was a very shity and angry motherfucker now. I threw my phone at the wall, causing it to smash into pieces, so that’s how he wants to play this, well then that’s fine and fucking dandy.
Nightmare called a few days later, he had found Jake. I had phoned him to tell Jake that if he wanted a divorce he had to come and ask me himself. I didn’t know if I was happy, annoyed or sad, I knew he was safe and I suppose I would have been happy at that, until Nightmare spoke the words of dread.
“He’s gone home, and he is not in a good place, he’s hooked up with Jenny. Riley, I’m sorry really sorry.” The bottom fell out of my world.
 Sarah and Bryony were playing in the snow as I watched them through the window, their happy faces. I focused on their happy faces. This was a nightmare.
“Don, what am I supposed to do now? So, I didn’t mean anything to him after all, lord oh lord, who ever said marry in haste repent at leisure, knew their shit? Fine, if he wants his divorce, he can have it. I hope she takes him for every penny he has, thanks Don I hope you keep in touch, send Lana and Grace my love.” I didn’t wait for a reply.
I don’t remember throwing that phone either, but I did and right through the damn window. The glass shattered into a gazillion pieces as I screamed at the damn world to go away… I was covered in broken glass and small cuts, wow I didn’t realise I threw it at the window. Stupid arsed motherfucker was all I could say over and over…
Henry came running in with the boys, the girls were in shock and I was by then sobbing uncontrollably on the floor. I couldn’t speak I was in an emotional void! This shit was happening to me and I didn’t know why? I know I spent three days in bed sobbing into my pillows and running to the toilet to throw up with the sobbing. On day four I got up, scrubbed myself clean, did my hair and got dressed.
I had wasted four days crying over a stranger, well no more, nothing was going to bring him back, even if I wanted her sloppy seconds. No, I’m his sloppy seconds, right? I was his rebound girl, yeah that’s what I was a rebound girl. I needed to speak to Henry, I needed to speak to Jake, and I needed my head examined.
The children had popped into see me and were settling down to life here, thanks in the main to Henry. They were in with their tutor. Poor Henry was in pieces at his son’s anger at me. My head was thumping, and I went to see the cook, Mrs Donavan, damn it hurt.
“Hello, I don’t think we have met properly I’m Riley, thank you for the food you sent up, have you got the painkillers from the medicine cabinet in my room and my tablets?”
“I have yes, they are in the large cupboard there away from small hands. You cannot be too careful with children.” No, I don’t suppose you can.
“Thank you, I’ll take them to my room, do you need any help I hadn’t thought Henry would be getting people in as quickly as he did?”
“I was employed to take some of the strain away from you. It’s what Sir wants. He wants you to concentrate on your family.” I shrugged my shoulders, beam me up now Scotty, this universe is worse than the last one you dropped me off at. I went in search of Henry after I locked away my medication, which I took for the first time in two months, now I needed it because I didn’t want to start falling apart at the seams.
“Henry, I need to speak to you about stopping here, this place is yours and Jakes. I am only here because of your obligation to my late grandmother. I will be out of your hair as soon as I have arranged for the movers to take our things to my grandparents.”
“Nonsense, I want you and the children here with me, as I said I grew very fond of Killy and I will love you like you are my granddaughter too. I owe you so much.”
“Henry you owe me nothing and please do not mention your stepson one more time, he does not exist in my world and he never will.” He smiled and changed the topic of our conversation.
“The ponies are coming today and their dogs. Dolly and Demon are wonderful pets as is Atlas, the boys and I walk them three times a day, we have such talks they really are wonderful children, they are already like my grandchildren Riley. Please, don’t take them away just yet, stay here, the house is yours for as long as you need it, I had hoped to share with Jake.”
“I don’t want to hear his name ever again. The children are hurt, and I am at a loss as to what to tell them?”
“I told them everything Riley, they are very bright children, and they are worried for you.” I murmured a silent oh.
“I’m confused by all this, so I can only imagine their confusion and hurt, well if you are sure you want six hitchhikers in your life then we’d love to stay.”
“Well that’s settled then, what are you doing today?”
“I don’t know, I may read or play the piano, I think. Then tomorrow I have to instruct the lawyer to agree to Jakes demand for a divorce, you know rip of the plaster whilst I have the courage to do so?”
“Can you give him time?”
“No, I do not do betrayal and he went back home to that whore, and after all she did to him. He’s a fool and I don’t want my children raised by an idiot.”
“Not quite what I expected to hear, but yes I agree he is a fool. I wonder where he is, the detective I have looking for him says he has not gone home and his plane did not head for Richmond, in fact it headed to Mexico as far as I was aware.” What?
“No, Nightmare said he was with Jenny Hog and back home.”
“No, impossible she eloped to get married to some rich idiot, she isn’t even in Virginia, nor is she in Mexico before you ask. What are they playing at?”
“I don’t know, I just know whatever it is, it’s what Jakes told them to say or tell me. He has his reasons, stupid as they are. I am going to play in the music room.” I entered the glorious room, now so warm and inviting, nothing at all like the wrecked room I got bitten to death in the day after I met Jake.
The room was bathed in light from the massive windows, the heavy drapes and the fine silk panels of lace shielded the very grand expensive piano from the direct sunlight, the rich reds, creams and golds were picked up in the wall coverings and the carpets, the cosy seating area was surprisingly modern, yet it fit in here. I sighed and stepped over to the piano.
“What to play? Classical I think.” I played Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata, my word this was a beautiful piano, the foot pedals dampened the mournful tune as my fingers gently pressed the ivory and ebony keys, they sank effortlessly beneath my fingers and I lost myself in the tune.
I didn’t see the children come in nor feel the tears as they came down my face, the sonata played in three movements, the first a adagio sostenuto, slow and sustained, the mournful and profound, then the allegretto, which is played a little more quickly and then the deep final movement, the presto agitato, this is played quickly and agitated, yes a little like me angry and agitated, my furious fingers are all over the keyboard.
I switched to Debussy’s Clair de Lune. Still deep and sorrowful and as my fingers played, I cried more, when did I start sobbing? Somewhere between Beethoven and Debussy, oh hell I finished off with mum’s favourite and when I say mum, I mean my birthmother I remember playing for her I remember her speaking to me as I had my piano lesson with the old Laird, and she said…
“Why so solemn, play me something happy little Annie?” I remembered her smile, I remembered her pleasure as I played, ‘Morning has broken’, and I sang for her too. I sang and played piano for my birthmother. The joy I felt knowing I’d had time with her, all be it under the cloaked illusion of being a guest, and she had tried to get to know me.
I sobbed as Alec came to my side and sat down and we played Colours of the Wind, from Pocahontas, the twins loved this video and all the other Disney films they watched. I was never a film oficiando before, but I have a feeling I may become a Disney one. They joined in and played their instruments, gosh we looked a little like the Von Trapp Family, as I sang, Henrys face was a picture. When we were all played out there was at last the sound of laughter filled the room.
“My family is truly talented, who taught you, the old Laird?”
“Yes, he insisted, and we liked it, he gave us the instruments we play, the girls have violins and flutes. I play piano and obo, the boys play guitar and piano too, we loved our time in the music room, can we play in here?” Henry smiled.
“It’s what it is here for and if you look in that rather large trunk and that rather large side dresser, there are other musical instruments in there bring yours down and place them here. You don’t have to ask this is your home. There is nothing better than listening to that piano being played properly, do we need to get a music teacher too?”
“We could, I guess? Right, let’s see what cook has done us for lunch. We may be a little late, but the concert was wonderful.” There were plates of sandwiches and cakes already set up in the grand dining room. We were to help ourselves. I looked at the dining room as the rabble chatted and laughed, Henry looked worried as he came back into the room a little while later.
“Riley these came by courier along with the car and the keys from Jake.” I opened the envelope and out popped the ring I had bought him, oh he was serious… I thought deep down he would need time to come around. I couldn’t face food I wanted to be sick, I was numb and the pain in my chest hurt. I wanted the pain to stop, it hurt, my chest hurt, my heart was pounding it was trying to escape from my chest. “Breathe Riley, take deep breathes and slowly, shush breathe, just breathe.” I looked into Henrys eyes and saw the pain. “I didn’t ever think this would affect you my darling girl.” I couldn’t eat. I wanted to die.
“Damn him to hell. If he wants a divorce, he can have one, when I’m good a fucking ready. Not when his majesty commands it.” I screamed at myself. I didn’t know how I coped those first few weeks after he vanished, but I did. 
The children helped and packing the days with estate business was a great stress reliever, I crammed so much in to forget, and my pet project was the gardens and the glorious green houses. I really threw myself into that, and with spring slowly turning into summer, the changes in the house were wonderful to see. It had been four long months since he left, and we had heard nothing from Jake.
I sent his security packing when he left and ignored all the requests from his solicitor for me to sign the papers for the divorce that he couriered to the house. My solicitor wrote and said he had no grounds for an annulment, as we were not related in any way, and we had consummated the marriage, the marriage weather Mr Moore chose to accept it, was legal and binding. If he wanted a divorce, he had to come and ask. That was my only request.
I still had nothing to do with him. Henry, I know he knows where he is, he has more money than Midas, so he used everything in his power to find him for me, but he doesn’t want to upset me, which means perhaps that he has someone else? I needed to see the doctor. I had to get a refill of my medication. I called into Barbs and good old Deloris was there and nearly dropped a blue fit when I walked in with Henry, he wanted the children to have her peach cobbler, and this was his first time back in and he was as nervous as hell, his Granddaughters road with him, in red Chevy pickup.
“Oh Lord, oh Lord Harry, we all thought you were dead and buried.”
“Rumours of my demise were greatly exaggerated, as you can see. I’m here with my daughter and grandchildren, they want your wonderful pie Deloris, I have missed it on my travels.” She was speechless, much surprised by it all.
“Where’s your hunky fiancé?” My world stood still.
“My husband is on his travels, somewhere and so obviously not here. Right, I am leaving you to see the doctor, I shouldn’t be too long.” Kisses given, and six happy faces were eating pie when I left with Deloris mooning over Henry.
I headed into the modern building, gave my details, I sat, and then I waited, the place had an odd calmness about it, and I stared out of the window as I waited for my appointment and spotted someone looking in. I watched as he spoke on the phone and smiled as a woman came to greet him, even ugly men fall in love I suppose.
Nope, they are arguing. If only my dream man was here, instead the bastard had left me with nothing but bloody nightmares. I’d be killing him right now if he were here. Nightmare admitted to me that Jake had asked him to tell me he was with her, and that he was sorting through his issues. I think Jake had been told where I stood on the matter, poor Nightmare passed on my wishes for Jake to crawl in a cave and never come out.
He and his family are coming for a few days, soon. I was called in, and met my doctor, a very stunning man, wow and I was having all those tests today too, bloody hell, the first decent man I ogle and who gets to get up close and personal is a hunky doctor dude.
“Hello, nice to meet you I’m, Doctor Neil Craven, I believe you are here for a new patient check up, so let’s get down to business, should we?” Yes, please my head screamed… He made notes, as I rattled off my last doctors address, my specialist psychiatrist for my P.T.S.D and as we chatted he smiled and took notes, he also took a call from his wife, umm all the best ones are married, a nurse was then called and she stood as the more intimate tests were done.
“Congratulations Miss Summers, your pregnant.” I smiled.
“No, I have an implant and cannot get pregnant, so can you please check again?” He helped me up and had me pee in a container, and hell how was I pregnant, I didn’t even feel pregnant, how was I pregnant, that damn word was a killer, how I knew, why it happened I didn’t, not until he checked my notes and I had been given a three year implant not a five and it was well past its sell by date, arghhhh what else is gonna be sent to try me today?
“The test she says yes, is this a problem for you?”
“No, not a problem. a blip perhaps, but no not a problem, the other five children and Grandpa will be pleased.”
“What about the father?”
“You find him and tell him. I’m sure he will be ecstatic, no he and I are separated, awaiting a divorce.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Don’t be I’m fine, or I was, look I know this is stupid, but how can I be pregnant and how far am I along, that I didn’t even know I was pregnant and the sleeping pills I have taken, and the other stuff will they have harmed my baby?”
“No, no, they are very mild herbal sleeping pill and the anti-anxiety pills you have been taking, are a harmless placebo, your psychiatrist seemed to think all you needed to do was talk your problems through, and from what I am feeling, you are half way through the second trimester, with about nineteen weeks before due day.”
“What, I’m so far ahead… How…?” He laughed
“Really you are very lucky perhaps you had no morning sickness and if you did it was disguised with the stress of you and your husband’s split?” I ummed and then murmured oh, shit Jake, Jake will have to know, hells teeth no… “We can do an ultra sound in the clinic here tomorrow if you want? Unfortunately, the technician only does two visits a week?” I smiled and said okay, I wanted to see the proof.
“Is that what these rumblings in my stomach are, I thought I had a digestion problem, the new cook is very good and all I do is eat, sheisk it explains the weight gain then.”
“Yes probably, so we will see you tomorrow and congratulations.” I sighed I’m sure it will be fine. I grabbed my bag and headed back to the diner, sheisk I may stop in town tonight I’m not going back to come back first thing in the morning. I’m not telling the family just yet until I know everything about the tiny invader, and it is okay. Wow, I’m pregnant, but am I happy, do I want it, and do I tell Jake?  The answer is yes definitely yes and hell no… I head back in to the diner and they are on milkshakes. They look full of pie and Henry is chatting to Alec all very cloak and dagger.
“How did it go Mum?”
“Err it went fine I have to stop in town tonight, I have some tests they need to run first thing in the morning, and before you have a blue fit the lot of you I am fine, very fine it’s just the lady who does the tests only goes in twice a week, so I will get them done and come home to you. Okay?”
“Okay, Grandad is talking us for some sheet music and more books, are you coming?”
“No Baby I will sit here have some pie and get the orders in, I’m going to the pound later, I wonder if you lot are going there too?”
“We are, how did you know, Grandad says we need more dogs.”
“I bet he did, are the twelve we have not enough?”
“Nope, we have, a tone of space left to fill, when you go to ordering the food for the ponies can you make sure they send enough Mum.” I said I would, as I was kissed and then said goodbye to by the rabble who loved me, crap I was adding in another child, and I smiled.
“Wait in Mum’s car for me. I will be with you shortly.” They disappeared. “Right what’s wrong with you Riley, please tell me you’re alright?”
“Henry I’m fine I promise you, they are just tests, that’s all nothing life threatening and nothing major to worry about, high blood pressure and a headache or two. I promise all the other workups were fine I will see you in the morning and Henry no more damn dogs, even if Sarah begs you?”
“Oh alright, party pooper. I want to see if your money is being put to good use.” I smiled as he kissed my cheek and said goodbye.
My money had bought yet more land and more kennel space. The dogs and cats were well looked after as were the rabbits, the horses and the chickens, sheisk I bet the girls take the chickens home? I day dreamed and stirred the coffee that had miraculously been poured as I day dreamed, so unlike Deloris not to be chatty?
I watched out of the window as the man and the woman from my doctor’s car park walked towards the diner, they looked like an odd couple, I suppose it makes all sorts to make the world turn. I sipped the coffee and smiled at Deloris, she came over.
“Could I please have pancakes and syrup, juice and herbal tea please. I have gone off coffee, thank you.”
“You look kind of tired Sugar, you okay?”
“I’m just peachy Deloris, I guess being a mum sort of takes it out of you a little.”
“I guess so, though I have never been one, so I will take your word for it, when’s your little one due?” I looked shocked.
“What do you mean my little one?”
“You have that glow about you Sugar that’s all, I may not have had children but my fifty years of running this place sure as hell means I have seen many a pregnant lady, you have that face mask thing some ladies get a butterfly effect.” How stupid was I, when even she guessed I was pregnant from a damn rash on my face?
“I’m half way through, but please don’t tell anyone, I have literally just found out myself.”
“And Jake, Jake he is the father?”
“Yes, of course he is. My husband maybe an idiot, but I’m not a sleep around kind of woman, this is his parting gift you could say. Still worse things happen I guess?”
“I guess? My lips are sealed Sugar. I’ll get your order.”
“Thanks Deloris, I am starving.” I continued to look at the odd couple, the man had left the lady and was on his phone outside he seemed to be having a heated debate with someone.
My meal arrived, and I savoured every last morsel, drank my juice and left a large tip for Deloris. I do hope she keeps my secret. As I got up to leave, I banged into the woman whose fella was still on the phone.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t looking where I was going.” She looked at me, smiled and said it was fine. I made my way to Henry’s Chevy Pickup and felt sick, I felt dizzy, err no more pancakes for me. I struggled to find the keys in my bag and my head started to spin, the man making the phone call was at the side of me.
He smiled and said I was to keep calm, keep calm, I couldn’t feel my legs, shit, I had been drugged… When, how, who? My world went dark before I could find out…


CHAPTER THIRTEEN:


“Hello, yes this is Moor House, Riley, I’m sorry she’s stayed in town last night for an appointment at the doctors.”
“This is the doctor’s surgery, she didn’t show up for her appointment, and we have to be closing soon, do you think she is going to arrive anytime soon?”
“I don’t know I will try to find her, can she reschedule?”
“Well I only work on Tuesdays and Fridays get her to phone ultra sound and we will schedule another appointment for her to see the baby.” 
“Riley is pregnant, my daughter is having a baby?”
“Sorry was I not supposed to tell you, shit I’m so sorry, I can get fired for that, please don’t tell her I said anything I need this job?”
“I won’t tell her and thank you we will get back to you.” Hell, what do I do, where is Riley, quick Henry you old dither, what to do? I feel lost, why would she keep the baby a secret, was she getting rid of it? No, not Riley, hell think what to do. Where was the last place she was seen? The diner, I will ring Barb’s and see if she left there and who with.
After a fruitless discussion with Deloris, I hear she left an hour after we did, and a couple of folks left with her, she must have had a break down because my Chevy was still in the diner’s car park. Shit where was she, who had her? I phoned my head of security, he has been given the thankless task of following my useless son, who I love the very bones of despite his rejection of me, and asked where Jake was at, at that very moment.
“He’s still in New York Sir with Mr Knight and his family why, nothing here has changed in the week he’s been here?”
“I fear Riley has been taken; I need for you to get Donald Knight to ring me right away.”
“Sir, I will break my cover if I do.”
“Break your damn cover then, besides I have a feeling he already knows your tailing Jake, if Jacob has harmed a hair on her head, I will see he suffers, she’s having his baby, he won’t know that though.”
“Sir he has done nothing but drink himself stupid for the past four months. I hardly think he arranged diddly swot, Donald Knight and Samuel Spade have done an intervention I believe, and are holding him in his apartment here, and they haven’t left all week Sir.”
“Well okay then, just go and tell him to ring me and explain as much as you can, even to Jake if he can be bothered asking after his wife, she slipped away from security again, she knew David and Hanna were watching her! She played right into their hands, shit why did I not tell her about the whispers we heard?”
“Will do Sir, and don’t worry we will find your daughter and grandchild.” My heart races…
“I pray to God they do Mike, I pray to God they do, tell Jake everything you need, he needs to know there was an incident with Sarah yesterday too.”
“I believe Günter and Fredric stopped her running off again, she is like her Mamma, a slippery little eel.” Those kids and their Mamma have tripled my chances of having a coronary someday soon.
The boss and me were fine, until the day he found out he had a granddaughter somewhere, and then he went and topped it all by finding his fucking dead son was alive too. That day nearly killed him. In the fifteen years I have worked for him, he’s never been as alive as he has these past twelve months, he finally had a purpose to live, and fuck me those reasons to live, are killing him.
Rich folk and their spoilt kids, I cross the street and get set to blow my cover, at least I can give that dick wad of a son a few home truths, still even the dick wad he was, he never took any of those ladies up on their offers of sex and more, and he clearly loves his wife. So why fuck her about like he has?
I should know he loves her, I watched as he sang in every fucking bar, Drunk, by Ed Sheeran and dedicated it to the love of his life Riley. Pity he did it in a gay bar too, that was hilarious two guys called Riley were fighting over him. I had to step in and take my drunk lover home. I now hate that song and the drunken idiot singing it, good as he is, he’s still a drunken spoilt ass. I knock at the door of apartment 126 and await my fate, the boss has had me following his son for over four months, now I have to break cover, I hope to hell they go easy on me…
“Hello, I need to speak to you Mr Knight, Mr St Pierre, my boss, would like you to call him? He believes his daughter, Riley Moore, has been kidnapped. He requires you to call him, as he believes his son may be behind it, though I myself highly doubt it.”
“What the fuck, Riley has been taken, when? Come in and nice job tailing him by the way it took me two days to figure out Henry had you watching his Luddite of a son.” 
“I figured as much, still what can you do, I was on my own and well he didn’t go in a lot of classy places for me to want to spend time in.” This man is kind of alright.
“Well, as you can see, we have him and he’s sober and clean, for now. Come in Mr Michael Williams, former FBI officer and now head of security for Moor House Security’s, you didn’t do a great job tailing Riley then, or did you?”
“She got rid of his security around her, pretty much the day after he left and when he sent her the ring back, then she figured they didn’t need any security as they weren’t his family anymore. We have a few new people on staff, the boss has hired them posing as workers, they are a good bunch of guys, real good security people of mine.
Her security checked in with Henry, when they lost her, and he feels bad for sending them home. He figured she would be fine, after all she was meant to be spending the night in town for the procedure, that she was having the next day, so he was going to get them to go back and stake her hotel out. Her room had been booked and paid for as she picked the key up on her way back from the doctors.
She made an appearance in the diner with Henry, and well had he not been overwhelmed by being in charge of five teenagers, he would have sent for the security to watch her as it is, the ones with Henry were needed. Those kids are worse than Riley for ditching security. Yesterday they got back to the house and Henry well there was some sort of incident at the pound.
Sarah did a runner, and because he had been run ragged he forgot to tell me Riley was on her own and that she’s slipped both of her tails. He didn’t think to send the security back for her, but it would have been fruitless anyway, because she was taken from Barb’s diner about three o’clock yesterday, Calgary time, whilst they were looking for Sarah in the damn pound.
Her pickup truck is still in the parking lot and I have men going to get it and check it for her things now, her phone is stationary and is switched on and is in the same parking lot, my guess is her bags in the car or near it somewhere.” Enter the spoilt playboy drunken arse…
“What’s going on in here?” 
“Riley may have been taken, Henry had a call from her doctors this morning, she didn’t keep an appointment and her car is still in Barb’s parking lot, what do you thinks happened Jake?”
“She’s been taken, they have my wife?”
“So now you realise you have a wife then?”
“Who the fuck are you? Yes, I have a wife?”
“I’m your father’s head of security and for the record, he’s one hell of a fella. Riley, well she gave all her damn security the slip, she does it all the fucking time and it is a big problem for us and yesterday was no different, she disappeared between the diner and the doctor’s office, sometime after three o’clock yesterday afternoon.
She had an early appointment for tests to be done at the surgery, and when she hadn’t arrived for a follow up by close of surgery this afternoon, they phoned my very worried boss. She means the world to him, her and those kids. You, you arse are fucking over the wrong person with your childish rants and woe is me thing you have going on.
Do you know how much time and energy he has spent trying to find you, not to mention the millions it’s cost him? I can tell you he paid people in back room deals and getting people in high places to do things to find you, he could go to prison for some of the things he had me do. He was distraught for so long he thought you were dead, you fucking moron.
Well, did you even fucking ask him anything before you left and started this crap fest of a life you have had for four months, instead of being there and being loved by your family, you fucking arsehole? No, I guess from that puppy dog face says it all.” The dumb bastard hit me, I’ll give him that one but no more, his buddies hold him off me and I snigger. “That all you got old man? Now, when I find my bosses daughter you and I will fight the fight proper, she is way more than you deserve, way more… You piece of shit.”
“Have you been in my wife’s bed? Have you, answer me?”
“Oh, so now you’re worried whose boots are under her bed? You really think she’s like that. You really are a dumb ass and just to make this clear you are only being informed now, because your father asked for your team to find her, and shit, you don’t, in my opinion need to know this seeing as though you abandoned her… She is having your baby.” The lug looked like I’d slapped him with a wet fish, really should have kept that one to myself, but the boss didn’t say not to tell him.
“Who are you, and how do you know I’m even the father?”
“Really, if you have to ask that then you really are a fool. I, for the past Lord knows how long have been tailing your drunk arse. Ask your buddy here the little guy, Detective. He knows I haven’t left you. So, sonny boy, as good as my dick is, it didn’t impregnate the lovely Riley. She doesn’t even know we know. The woman doing the sonogram today fucked up and let it slip to the boss, which was that’s what her appointment was for, well are you sober enough to help find your wife now?”
“I’m an ass, she’s having my baby and I left her, fuck she won’t let me have anything to do with her or the baby now.”
“No, not if she’s got a brain in that pretty head of hers she won’t, but then again she isn’t divorcing you either! You really are a moron, right? Because she has begged you to go and see her, well as much as she was willing to beg, come and ask for a divorce. Do I have to spell that out, what it meant in Riley speak?
Really, you didn’t even have the balls to accept that challenge, she’s stupidly in love with you and cries herself to sleep nightly. You, you really don’t deserve her. You are a spineless dick wad. What, did they take yer backbone out when they let you leave Special Warfare Nursery School?”
“It seems I am still a dick wad, that’s a Riley word, and you’re right they must have taken my back bone, because since meeting her, all my logic and training hasn’t amounted to a hill ‘o’ beans. Right Nightmare, get my plane ready and get the best of our guys there and make sure we have funds available.”
“Done, done and done, we just have to get there. Riley is pregnant really Williams? The dick wad is gonna be a dad?”
“I’m already a father, but I fucked up. I’m gonna try to be a good father to those kids, if they will let me… That guy there told me she was having my baby, who the fuck is he, do you know him Nightmare?”
“I’m Mike Williams, former covert training officer for the CIA. I’m also a black ops specialist… I ran ops in Iraq for a while, so I have been there done that and more, so don’t ever question what I can do you hear boy?
I was told to get Henry his daughter and grandchild back, at whatever cost, those were my orders and well, here I am. Also, don’t question my ability to take your sorry arse down for what you put Henry through. He’s been my boss and friend for over fifteen years, and I have yet to have the pleasure of meeting your wife as I was dispatched to watch you as soon as you did a runner.”
“So you’re a big fan of Daddy then are you?”
“Really, I am. So, would you be if you knew him like I do, he’s a good man, he has a good heart that until a year ago had been so sad. The day he found about Riley well it changed his life, when he found out you weren’t dead, he was devastated he’d missed all your fucking life. It nearly killed him finding out you were stolen from him, and as good as your parents were, what ole Henry didn’t tell you was your ‘father’ Mr Jacob Moore, the second, knew everything.
It seems your poor Mom was desperate for a child and he did it for her, and yes, she was as in the fucking dark as you and Henry were. You have no fucking excuse to hate him, he thought you were in the soil with your mom. Don’t ever think he doesn’t love you, he does, Henry loves you so much, that he didn’t tell you that your adopted father was to blame for all this, for fear of hurting you.” The lug seemed to be taking it in, I hope.
“My father knew I was stolen, and he did nothing?”
“Nothing, he used the money they gave him to buy the ranch which, by the way was always in your name, he bought it with the blood money they gave him for taking the child, truth be told he loved your mom enough to do anything for her. I guess you put up with all sorts of crap when you love your wife.”
“My mom never knew I was stolen from Henry?”
“No, are you deaf as well as stupid?”
“He is that, it’s what we have been telling him for weeks, he feels stupid enough as it is, leave him to his thoughts. We have a bigger fish to fry. I swear if they have harmed her, I will hunt them down myself and rip them limb from limb. Hello, I’m Detective nice tailing by the way, Nightmare killed me for not spotting you sooner.”
“We are getting a call in Manners.”
“Switch it to speaker… Hello who is this?”
“It’s Henry and I have just had a demand for ten million pounds, I emphasize pounds and not Canadian or US Dollars, but pounds, have you pissed anyone off in England Jacob Moore? I swear if my daughter and grandchild are harmed in any way, I will swing for you.”
“Join the club Sir, he has been told. Did they disguise their voices?” I hear the panic in his voice.
“Yes, they sounded like they were talking like the children did at Riley’s birthday party when they swallowed the helium? Does that help?” He isn’t settling down any, the poor old ditherer, having a family is adding to the whole kit n caboodle!
“It does. We have the software to put their voice through a recognition pattern, had Dieter, Fredrik or Günter run a trace?”
“They didn’t stop on long enough, but they sounded like they were in a cave, there was a very noticeable echo to the call, does that help?” An empty place, an abandoned building perhaps, yes it helps, but where is she?
“Yes, it does Henry. Keep calm, how are the children?”
“Argh Nightmare thank you, they don’t know what’s going on, I have them studying with their tutor who is running them through their French lessons, then their music teacher is coming in for their lessons, but they will know she’s missing soon, what do I tell them?”
“You don’t tell them anything I will tell my children, when I come home…”
“You’re coming home Jake?”
“I am, and I have been an ass. I guess I have never been a good listener, when Dad was dying, he did try to tell me who I was, I just didn’t choose to listen. I am sorry for the hurt I put you and Riley through, we will be there in a couple of hours. Can you have someone meet us?”
“I will, and Jake don’t worry she’s a fighter, if anything these past few months have taught me that I have never met anyone as strong as she is.”
“I guess I need to get to know her that well too, if she will have me back? I’m going to ask you to give the phone to your security Dad, can you do that?” Oh hell, did he just call his father Dad? What a fucking Hallmark Moment, I will leave the tears until we get her back…
“Yes Jake, and Son, thank you.”
“Don’t thank me yet. I’m still an ass and you really need to teach your head of security, some family protocol, that it’s not too cool to be shouting at his employer’s son, even if he did deserve it.”
“I will. Did he kick your backside good and proper?”
“No, but he says it’s coming… Bye Dad, we will see you soon, we will find her I promise you.” I swear I nearly had a brain fart then. I bet ole Henrys in tears. How fucking long has he had to wait for his son to call him Dad, and mean it?
“Right, Mr Williams, can your team please interact with Nightmare here, he’s a little bit of a computer wizard, or so he tells me, he better be. I know I haven’t pissed anyone off in England, has Henry. if not, let’s look at Riley. They mentioned pounds, a good catch on my dad’s part, also have the funds ready to transfer from my account Nightmare please, now get this jet there quickly.” I looked on in surprise, these men take orders from him with ease, perhaps I had him pegged wrong?


CHAPTER FOURTEEN:


I wake up with the headache from hell, what the fuck did they drug me with, God the baby. If they have harmed her, I will kill them. I am not restrained so I figure the doors are locked. I don’t have my phone, well like getting out of here is going to be that easy. I stand and hold the cold wall, to steady myself and get the blood circulating around my stiff legs. I’m in a cellar. I get used to what light that there is, it is coming from a slip of a window.
Great, I’m too damn fat to fit through there, now I really need to stop eating Diana’s bloody food. I need to keep quiet and falling over that damn box will alert them that I am awake. I wonder why I thought it was a good idea to slip away from Hanna and poor David, that’s three times I have lost his tail. Hanna only once.
Did Henry really think I didn’t know all the new staff are trained assassins? I laugh, but shouldn’t really, I have put my baby in harm’s way, and taken the focus away from the children’s protection, shit they will be panicking. I find the door at the top of some very rickety steps, I can work with these.
I have to suss how many people I am being held by first, there was Miss Dork and her unusual boyfriend, but are they working alone, and why did she seem sort of familiar? I need to wee, they have left me a bucket and water, aren’t they sweet. I do what was needed and tip it away, they may check to see if it’s been used, and I sit back and wait for my captures to return, it’s not long either. I take up the position they left me in and pretend to be asleep.
“How much of that shit did you give her?”
“Enough to knock her out, that’s all. She may be on other medication that I didn’t know about. What, don’t look at me like that, she’s here isn’t she?”
“She is no use to us dead, is she?”
“I wish she was dead, for what she did to Nigel, as soon as they have their damn confirmation of life message, they will know we mean business, but for that she needs to wake up Phoebe.”
“Oh, stop playing that card, he was an arse and you were divorcing him. She lost Allan’s child on purpose, my grandchild died because of her.” I was a tad shocked the unusual man was Phobia Phoebe, my ex-mother-in-law…
That explains the looking like a man then, because she sure could give her husband a run for his money, but were there others involved? The ex-mother-in-law comes in for a shove and I don’t move.
“Can we give her anything?”
“No, nothing that I know about! For God’s sake, I did a first aid course once upon a time, and I stole the drugs from my bloody neighbour’s vet bag, are you sure this horse drug, Ketamine doesn’t kill them?” I’ve been drugged with the date rape drug. That’s nice to know girls, but are you on your own, that’s the real question that needs answering?
“Plenty of women are drugged with it. They wake with a headache and no memory.” I did wake up with no memory of how these two got me.
“When did you say we’d contact them again?”
“In four hours, and not to be late and not to get the police involved. Silly old man, but will he have that sort of money?”
“Yes, according to Gilly her grandfather is a millionaire. I always knew keeping in with Gilly would be useful, he did like me when he came to Allan’s funeral. I doubt she remembers him, being as she was there for the old Laird. It always stuns me that she didn’t know we shared the same actives. Perhaps it would have been good to show her how to better the bedroom problem she had?”
“Have you no shame Viv? You hadn’t even buried Nigel then.”
“I always fancied being a Lady of the Manor. He’s a bit kinky that one, he told me one night, he has kinky sex with a brother and sister on his staff and has been doing so for like ages, and did I do group sex? Can we do this Phebs?” He was a member of my sibling’s swingers club, so that explains a lot then.
“Yes, it will be easy. I am a bank manager, or did you forget I know how to hide money? Anyway, I have set up false bank accounts and I will send the money in small amounts to various accounts at the press of a button, they won’t be able to trace it or us not once it hits the Swiss bank account. She got all Allan’s money and you got a pittance for Nigel, you were lucky you got anything, being as he was the cause of his own demise, so she has to pay.”
“Yes, but ten million pounds seems a lot?” I wonder if the dumb bitches asked for it in pounds? I hope my rescuers spot the currency my kidnappers have requested.
“Leave her for a bit longer, we need to sort out flights out of this hell hole. Come on Viv, she will keep a little while longer.” Right they are working alone, so this should be a piece of cake. Damn I need to pee again. Good, I need water for those steps. I smash the bulb in the stair well and place my bottled water on the step with the contents of the bucket.
I also pull the string from my coat and tie it across the step, either way these bitches are going down, literally down these bloody steps. I wait and hope either the water or the string works. I can kick one of their arses but not two, crap my head hurts again.
I hear them coming and position myself behind the stairs, I will also attempt to grab one of their legs should they pass me. I hear the door open…
“Crap, the damn lights gone.”
“Here grab a torch and watch the stairs, they are not the best.” I do a fake call in tears…
“Hello, whose there, I can’t move my legs what have you done to me, help me please someone help me?” I hope that sounds good enough to fool them into thinking I’m immobile.
“Stop where you are, and you will be safe. I’m coming down. Viv pass me the damn torch, th…” 
“...Phoebe, what’s happened? Shit, I’m coming. Did you miss a step? Phoebe, this is not funny what are you playing at? What, who, what, let go of my legs, let go what the hell have you done?” I pulled hard on her trouser leg and she too joined the other bitch at the bottom of the step. I came around to find Viv squashing a very bashed Phoebe.
“Don’t mess with a British Army Officer, you bitch’s, oh and I left you some water, I hope they let you two rot in hell.” I was grabbed as I passed them by Viv, big mistake.
I slammed my foot so hard into her face she joined the unconscious mother-in-law from hell in the heap. I passed them and made my way carefully, up the rickety steps. Slamming the door firmly shut and putting over the bar, they were going nowhere fast. Damn they couldn’t organise a piss up in a brewery, so who was the real brains behind this? I carefully made my way to the voice in the kitchen area, of what seemed like an old restaurant…
“Yes, we have her, and yes she is safe. Have you the money? Good, yes you will have proof of life in two seconds.” I listened, where had I heard that voice before?
Then it hit me… He was the new Lairds assistant, Kyle Hendrix. Fuck me this was stupid, I didn’t even know him. I grabbed the first thing I came across to swing and hit him with, good job they still did old fashioned wooden rolling pins. I can do damage with one of these.
I’d say ask Alistair, as he once got clobbered with one for locking me in The Chance the last time, fourteen stitches and a walloping concussion and still the big bastard didn’t tell Dad how he did it. I took a swing at his head and wow, the sound of wood upon scull made me feel sick, really sick.
Then as I struck him again, the blood came down the pin, the second shot did the damage. He went down quicker than the two bitches in the cellar. I grabbed the phone, who were they talking to?
“Hello, hello, are you there, you are not getting a red penny cent of this, if there is one hair on my wife’s head out of place, do you hear me, are you fucking tracing this, the dumb shits been on long enough to trace surely?” Oh, my heart is fit to busting, because he came for me…
“Hello Jacob, if I’d have thought being kidnapped would have got you back sooner, I would have done it months ago, you fucking arsehole, get your backside here and pick your wife up please?”
“Riley, is that you?”
“Yes, why how many wives do you rescue in any one given day sailor? How many times do I have to tell you I don’t need damn rescuing, I can look after myself? Where am I by the way, I can’t see shit in here?” He was laughing at me.
“Where is she Nightmare?”
“She’s somewhere in Cochrane, she’s on the Bow Valley Trail, at an abandoned truck stop, it looks like we’re fifteen minutes away Jake.”
“I’m fine, take your time sailors, can you tell Henry to have Mrs Donovan to start the dinner as I may be late.”
“Baby hold tight I’m coming. I leave you for ten minutes and look what happens.”
“You’re in deep shit sailor, you do know that don’t you? So, why are you digging your grave bigger Jacob Moore?”
“I know. I’m all kinds of dumbass and then some. You will have to make me a better man.”
“I thought I sort of had, why Jake, why did you leave me?” I will not cry, I will not cry, stupid tears they did not obey a direct order. 
“Are you crying Riley?”
“No, I do not cry. I don’t like you very much right now.”
“I know, I don’t know what I was thinking of leaving you and not listening, I just… I have been lied to all my life, so I went to see my dad’s best friends in Mexico, and they let me stop there and told me over and over what a great guy he was, so great he stole a baby. I’ve just found out Mom didn’t know and Dad, he wanted to give her a child and he got her me by doing a deal with my real mother’s uncle.
I was given away like I was nothing, just like the bastards who dumped Dolly and Demon, and the stupid thing is Dad’s family had money. He could have gone back and asked them for money to help Mom have her own fucking kids, but no he stole me from my real dad.
I hated it, I hated that my life had been a whole lie. I freaked, ran and drank to forget. I couldn’t forget you though, but you needed someone who wasn’t as messed up as me, to help you raise those children, not me, not me, I’m too messed up. Baby I’m broken.”
“We can fix you Jake, so that it doesn’t hurt you anymore. Henry wants you in his life, I need you in my life, and the children need you. I… I need you more now Jacob Moore.”
“Really you still want me back?”
“I didn’t want you to leave me either, you stupid idiot.”
“We’re here Jake, tell her to make her way to the front of the building, the police are on their way too. I figured you’d want to be the one to do the Prince Charming thing, and ride in\on, err what is the damn colour of this car… Black SUV?”
“That works for me Nightmare. Baby did you hear Nightmare, make your way to the door.”
“You mean this door here. I’m the one waving at you, just in case you have forgotten what your wife looks like?” He looks so good and as stupid as he is, I love him. I guess stupid is as stupid does, good ole Forrest Gump. He smiles and my heart melts. I hobble to him and as he holds me, he inspects me before he kisses me. “Welcome home Jake, you fucking dick wad, idiot, motherfucking piece of fucking stupid arsed bastard. I am going to kill you if you do anything as stupid as that again.”
“Awe, look Mom and Pops are fighting, it’s so good that I have such good role models in my life.”
“Hello Detective, still a small idiot then?”
“I am, and I missed you too Mom, how are you? Come on let me look at you. You don’t look too bad, did they hurt you?”
“No, they gave me Ketamine, will, shit, will it hurt a…”
“…The baby, I don’t know, we need to get you to hospital, as you may have sprained your ankle.”
“I did that kicking my ex-mother-in-law’s best friend, it was worth it. How did you know about the baby?”
“We were told by Henry’s guy, he’s been the one tailing Jake for a few weeks, he’s spent more time with Jake than you have.”
“Funny thing that Detective, I still have one foot left to kick a little guys arse, does Jake know?”
“We all know, he didn’t hold back didn’t old Mr Williams, he sure kicked Jake’s arse good and proper, as you Brits say.”
“Shit, I feel sick, really…” I threw up over Detective. “...Sick, oh hell I’m so sorry.”
“Occupational hazard, come on sip this water and sit whilst we kick their arses.”
“There’s one will need a brain scan if I didn’t cave his skull in and two with broken bones in the cellar.” Jake made his way towards me, he’d allowed Detective to look at me first and laughed as I threw up over poor Sam.
“I wish I’d filmed that, because that was a Kodak moment. Is she alright, is she, you know alright?”
“Yeah, she was given Ketamine, and needs checking out. I don’t know a lot about it and pregnant women, I know a few get pregnant having taken it as part of the date rape thing, but as to actually damaging a foetus, I don’t know I ain’t a vet, because they must use it on pregnant mares all the time?”
“Thanks Detective we will get her checked out.”
“I am still here, and you are still in trouble Jacob.”
“I know Baby; I really do know what I nearly threw away.”
“I wasn’t for allowing you to throw us away or for you to ditch your father, not without talking to him properly, he is a nice man, he has always been a nice man, he loves you, you arsehole, dick wad.”
“Enough of that name please. I don’t suppose you have news for me?”
“I know you know, or you wouldn’t have asked Detective those questions. Yes, I found out yesterday I’m having your baby, and I for one am scared witless, those three in there nearly did her harm.”
“Her, we’re having a girl?”
“I don’t know, I just called it a girl, you know, I am not sure, but it feels like a girl. I was meant to find out today, I guess we will find out today, are you sticking around to see her then sailor?” He kissed me again just as the paramedics arrived to check me over again and were told to see to the three with the real injuries. The police were told the tale and Jake was allowed to take me to hospital, as I needed checking over.
Not having him back wasn’t an option, I loved him, and I missed him so much, so ergo I loved him enough to miss him, right? I watched as he drove me to the hospital, worried for me and I guess our baby, but I figured if something was gonna happen it would already have, right?
After my blood pressure was checked and my bloods came back with tiny traces of Ketamine still in my body. I was rushed and yes, I say rushed. I could have won the Monaco Grand Prix, the speed they rushed me up there, was it that big a deal? I guess it was after all.
“Riley I’m sorry all this is my fault, had I been there, I’d have made you have security.”
“Coulda, shoulda and woulda are all well and good now, shush Jake, let’s get this over with whatever this is.” The nurse who stopped with us, smiled.
“This is an ultra sound its being rushed because we have a routine shut down for maintenance, did they not explain that?”
“No, I guess we missed that with all the questions Jake was throwing at them.”
“Sorry, but I wanted to know what they were giving you. So, there’s nothing wrong then?”
“Nope, from what I can see everything is fine and dandy and your about let’s see your twenty-three weeks, and your little one is fine, see.”
“Sorry to be a pain again, do you know if blue or pink will be predominant colour in the nursery?” Trust Jake.
“Do you want to know Miss Moore?”
“Yes, and that’s Mrs St Pierre, my wife and I are married.”
“Okay my mistake.”
“Ignore him he’s an ass, I usually call him a dick wad.”
“That child is gonna come out calling me a damn dick wad, I screwed up alright.”
“Alright, so are we painting it blue or pink?”
“Blue, you’re having a little boy.” Umm, so I guess I should stick to facts, I’m crap at guessing. Did Jake just say we would be changing our names? Oops, I guess he is pissed at his dad. I also guess Henry will be happy, I wonder how good these guesses are? I gather my stuff and I’m given the all clear to leave.
“Oh don’t forget your pictures Mrs St Pierre.” I had just got bloody used to Moore, sheisk time to grab a new start for us all. 
“Riley, will you marry me?”
“Err, no. Can I have your phone please, mine is missing?”
“Yeah here, but who are you ringing?”
“Henry and the children, has anyone told him I’m safe?”
“Shit no, I forgot, holy crap how bad was that?”
“Hi Henry, hello yes I’m fine, stop it I swear I’m fine and your grandson is fine too, listen I’m going to put you on speaker.” I press the button and place it in the hands-free thing. “Jake and I had to go to the hospital. I’m fine so stop right there with the worrying, and think of your heart please?”
“I will relax more when you are back sweetheart, are you really all right?”
“She’s fine Dad, really fine and he’s fine too, we have a lot to talk about, don’t we?”
“Just a little Son, just a little, the lads are all here and are eating us out of house and home, they said it was over and done with before they even got a look in, you dealt with your captors Riley?”
“I did, they taught me well and for that I salute them, listen have you told the children Jake is back?”
“Yes, sorry I was so excited I may have blurted it out.”
“Their response was what Dad, I need to know?”
“Glad that you’d come to your senses at last, how far away are you?”
“Look out of the music room window, the girls are already on the front with, oh God more dogs Henry? You are banned from the pound. How many did we get this time?”
“Three sorry, but they are really cute apparently, cutes good right?”
“Umm, I suppose, which one is to blame this time, Bryony or Sarah?”
“Sarah, she fell asleep in their kennel, and it was the only way we could get her out if we agreed to have them.”
“Those girls are puppy mad we have, how many Henry?”
“Twelve and eight larger dogs, of course six of them are not really puppies they are…”
“We have twenty dogs?” Jake has been gone a while.
“No, we have twenty dogs, three cats and sixteen chickens, ten horses and a donkey, oh and an injured deer, which will not be going back to the wild. Oh, and tell Jake we don’t shoot deer here anymore, we get the meat at the farmers market.”
“You tell him the tale, we’re already here.” We pulled up and I had to hope everything would be fine again.
He can’t leave me again not now. I won’t let him. Our children came running out to greet us and had been told by Nightmare, Detective and the boys of how I’d taken down three bad assed kidnappers. Really, Vivian Smith-Jones and Phoebe Turnstone-Fallows were not bad-ass anything, dumb, stupid, double barrelled names did not make them hardened criminals, it just made their credit card printers put more time in, that’s all, they had stupid names anyway, idiots is what they were, Kyle Hendrix, now he was an unknown quantity, the other two I knew I’d pissed them off and why, but him, he was and is a mystery?
“Hello as you can see, I’m fine and look whose here to see you all. Come on in we have something to tell you all.”
“We know Jakes back, you’re having a baby of your own and you want us to leave.”
“What… No… Who told you that? I am back to look after you all. I’m sorry I left, but I had some silly stupid issues going on. I shouldn’t have left you and for that I’m sorry, you are still my children, it’s just that I was a bigger child than you lot running away and sulking. Come here, you silly girl, how could I not love you?”
“I don’t know because I’m a God damned nightmare and not in a good way like Uncle Donald.”
“Who told you that?”
“Günter, he said I was a God damned nightmare.” Günter was eager to explain, before Henry sacked him.
“What I said was looking after you was giving me God damned nightmares little miss, you are banned from the pound for one full month because of yesterday. I did not shout at you because I know your mom’s rules, I know the rules here are, we discuss, we talk, we listen, we talk some more, and I also know we do not shout, and I did not shout. You had me worried that’s all. How did I know you’d be curled up with Curley, Larry and Mo?”
“My new puppies are cute aren’t they Dad?” Oh gheeze, she has accepted him back, the others are coming in for a cuddle, the sooner we get their adoption sorted the sooner we can make them feel loved, they are already, they just need to feel like they belong.
“Very cute munchkin, we will have more dogs than the pound in a while, come on we have to carry your mom in, she sprained her ankle, kicking some bad arsed dudets.”
“Tell us all about it over dinner, come on dear girl let’s get you comfy.” I smiled as Henry looked lovingly at Jake. I had my family back…


CHAPTER FIFTEEN:


It had been a busy few months for us, Jake settled back into the role of husband, father and now son, and like he had never been away, if anything I had grown to love him more. He had some deep issues and he was dealing with the hurt Mr Moore caused in his life by stealing him from Henry. We are now a very legal Mr and Mrs St Pierre, with plenty of legalised bunk ups and of course after a hell of a lot of who-haring. Jake had a new birth certificate and was declared alive and not dead, his name at birth was Rory, but he kept the name Jake, our son would be called Rory to honour Henry’s father.
He also sold his ‘grandfathers’ businesses and the proceeds were placed in a charitable trust, it will be given to charities, as he wants nothing from his old family even their name, so animal services and the armed services will do very well, as there’s plenty in the pot to help the needy out and it is keeping Jake busy. I’m playing the piano, as my baby likes the gentle sounds and it settles him down. I looked out of the window and the police are here, what now?
“Jake, Henry we have visitors.”
“We know we were monitoring the girls on their horses and spotted them.”
“Good, what do they want I wonder?” I walk towards them and wonder if Kyle has woke-up, it’s been weeks and the double-barrelled bitches are not talking?
“What can we do for you officers?”
“We have news on your wife’s kidnapping. The assailant Kyle Hendrix is your step-brother.” I am shocked, I have a step-brother?
“How, I mean I wasn’t aware my mother had married?”
“She married for a short while, but it ended when he died, leaving her his fortune. The son was well looked after but has a problem gambling. He spent his inheritance and was hopeful of getting the rest of your mother’s money.
Alas you turned up to claim the money, so he was desperate for funds, he had hoped keeping in with the Laird at Castle Ore was a way to find you. He had hoped to woo you, but he didn’t realise you were to be married.” I laughed as he explained, it seems my husband was right, he had the hot’s, but for my money though, not me.
“He is a friend of the women and they plotted to get as much as they could. You will be pleased to know they are facing lengthy prison sentences of fifteen years each for kidnapping and unlawful confinement, it could depend on the judge too, they could get life, as Kyle had a concealed firearm.” I murmured oh shit, I didn’t see a gun, oops. “We will leave you to it and let you know when the trial date is due, or if there will even be a trial they have been told if they plead guilty, it will lessen their sentences considerably.” Jake held me tightly as I shivered.
“Well, thank you for coming all the way out here, my family and I appreciate it.”
“Sorry, yes I am a little under the weather but thank you, oh shit, Jake my waters have just broke.”
“Hell don’t panic Baby, we were told you had hours before Rory makes his appearance.”
“I think they got that wrong too, I have been having these pains all day, the music was calming him down and well, ouch… Oh hell… Ouch, he isn’t for stopping put.”
“I don’t suppose either of you have delivered a baby before?”
“Actually, I have three under my belt…”
“Jake… Stop… What… You… Are… Doing… Get Dad please…” The poor police officer helps me to my room as Mrs Donovan strips my bed and places on the plastics and the sheets, wow this is hurting. “Oww, oww, oww, oh hell it hurts, it damn well hurts. I can feel something coming out, it damn well hurts Jake.”
“Baby breathe, sheish, sheish, sheish, see do the funny breathing thing we learnt.”
“We? Please enlighten me, because you arsed around in that lesson, arghhhh, oh hell argh, it’s coming.”
“Err, can we get you on the bed and have a look?”
“Oh. Hell, no you aren’t going anywhere near my huhu.” Jake looks shocked as I shout at the officer.
“Sorry but that isn’t an option, now up you get this baby is nearly here.” I give in as feel like something is wedging my legs apart, it damn well hurts and oh hell, the damn dogs are running around. Henry comes in and shuts the door.
“Dad help me please! These people won’t leave me alone.”
“Okay, come on up on here, my grandson wants out and you dear girl are quite pale.” Okay I feel crap and whilst I clamber up, Jake helps remove my knickers.
“Oh crap, his heads here and wow its massive.”
“No shit Popeye, want me to shove a cantaloupe up your peep hole? No, well shut up and get to this end.” He looks like all his Christmases have come at once.
“Baby, our baby wants out here let’s get you comfy.” I scream as I feel the sudden urge to push hard down and as I do the police man sighs.
“This little boy is eager to see you Mummy, well done, here’s your-not so little boy.” He hands me the crying bundle of skin and hair. Wow, his lungs are loud. That was childbirth, really, because I’ll do that again.
“Wow we have another son. He’s beautiful Jake, see he’s lovely. Jake, where are you Jake?” My husband was flat on his back on the floor, wow I didn’t see him fall over. Henry helps him to his feet.
“Are you alright Son? Here see, your son is here.”
“Oh shit, I saw him slosh out and wow if you tell the fellas I passed out I won’t be able to live it down, my head hurts and we have son number four, he’s so damn cute and my head hurts Baby.”
“Swop you a hurt head for a sore huhu any time of the day.” The officer wraps Rory in a towel and asks for a bucket, water and string, Mrs Donovan has them all, and with her help, he delivers everything else, ties off the cord, and allows Jake to cut it.
“I name this child Rory Henry St Pierre.” I laugh as after he cuts the cord. He hands his son to his father.
“Hello little one, I’m your Grandfather, oh aren’t you just so cute.” The children rush in as the mess is cleared away, wow that was an easy childbirth.
The pains I’d been having all day were contractions and I’d played music to calm them. Rory was born a whole ten days early and weighed in at 9lbs 5 ozs. I was sore, tired, happy and sad, oh hell I was everything and oh boy, I had everything I wanted from life. Jake and our five other children were watching as Grandpa played with Rory, at last he held a baby in his arms and all as Jake and I watched his happy smile. Our family was for the moment complete...


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             



                                                                                                                                                                  






