The Inconvenient Marriage
By Yvonne Sibanda
Copyright © 2020 Yvonne Sibanda
Cover Photo Bob Oh unsplash.com
Discover other books by Yvonne Sibanda
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems - except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews – without permission in writing from the author, Yvonne Sibanda. This book is a work of fiction.
The characters, events, and places portrayed in this book are products of the author’s imagination and are either fictitious or are used fictitiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Table of Contents
The Inconvenient Marriage 
Dedication
Acknowledgement
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Epilogue
Excerpt: A Risky Venture
Excerpt: Finding a Husband for Cissy
About Author
Also by Author

Dedication

With love to my daughter Grace Sibanda. This is the first book I have completed and I enjoyed writing it as I imagined handing the advice to you when the right time came. To my family, from whom I got most of the ideas from as we sat around the table drinking tea and chatting over things that pertain to life. To my friends who encouraged me to write and finally to put my work out there to be read by others. To the first and last in everything, God the maker of Heaven and Earth, the Father of my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, thank you for the gift of life and giving me the love for happy endings. He is a God of many chances and is always there by our side, very close never judging but calling out for us to be reconciled to Him in every way.


Acknowledgements

To the strong women that I know who are both father and mother to their children as the men abdicated their duties. Enjoyed writing about Linda who still remained a mother hen after her daughter had left the coop and still helped her be what she could be: a good wife, mother and daughter.  To the knights in shining armor who still exist. Men who have been trained on what it means to be men, who are willing to stand for what is right, men full of honor and integrity, who respect women and are leaders in every aspect of their lives.


Chapter 1

The alarm clock continued with its incessant ringing, making Thia throw away the blankets and finally get up from bed. She was exhausted. Today was her day off, yet she still had to do the other duties of a wife like get the kids ready for school, laundry, clean the house, pick them from school, attend a parents meeting and chat over the details of the school reunion planned out for next month. “Morning honey,” her husband Chad greeted as he got into the room after taking a shower.  “Morning.” She got up and moved towards the wardrobe where she took out the clothes he would wear for work and immediately left for her children’s bedroom to wake them up. By the time she bundled them off to school and Chad was off to work she felt even worse than being exhausted and her day hadn’t yet started. When she got into the now empty house she busied herself with the house chores and was shocked when she realized that it was way past eleven a.m. when she finished. Where had all that time gone to? 
She rushed to take the much needed shower and prepared a light snack afterwards. She was about to leave the house when her phone chimed announcing another message. As she checked the message she realized she wasn’t familiar with the number and it was just one word, ‘hi’. She put the phone into her pocket and shrugged off any thoughts as she had so much to do. She hurried from the house and left for school. She felt like she was barely managing with everything as she was being pulled on all sides. She and Chad had taken the decision to building a house and providing a stable home for their children prematurely. The long hours and overtime at work was getting to her while on the other hand she was both mother and wife. They had bills to pay, family and relatives to take care of and the house to be finished. The house was now at window level but Thia was not satisfied with that as she found herself comparing what she had accomplished so far with what her age mates had. They appeared to be a huge difference which she intended to reduce even if it meant working herself to the bone. Chad the calm and collected one was content with what they had accomplished so far and usually chided her of pushing herself, but she couldn’t stop.
Rose and Robert were already waiting for her at the school parking lot when she drove through the school gates. They rushed into the car and bickered on as she welcomed the noise which managed to take her away from her thoughts. “How was your day?” she asked the kids, while she maneuvered the car from the parking lot and joined the queue of others leaving the school. The two siblings continued to regale her about their day as she drove towards their grandmother’s place. When they arrived at her mother’s place she scolded the kids not to run when they hurriedly scrambled off from their seats while she carried their school bags and followed them at a leisurely pace. They rushed into their grandmother’s arms. Thia barely managed to slide in her greetings to her mother before the children started talking. It was always like a competition of raised voices as they usually were noisy and one was forced to shout over the ruckus. 
“Hush” their grandmother reprimanded, silencing them and pulling each child into another of her bear hugs. “Go into the kitchen, you will find some chocolate chip cookies and milk on the table.” She turned to her daughter afterwards and also hugged her. The children gladly left both adults who trailed behind and came into the house. “You look exhausted,” Linda commented after noticing her appearance and managed to elicit a grimace from her daughter. Linda was in her mid-sixties and didn’t look her age at all. She was dressed in a blue doll dress and had combed her afro hair for once which had a few grey hairs at the front making it look more fashionable and not at all a sign of aging. She had laugh lines at the corner of her mouth and a dimple would appear every time she smiled. At the moment Thia was looking the worse for wear and more like her mother’s sister.
“I am, have been pulling double shifts at work and with all this house work, kids and all, it’s just proving to be too much. I am beyond exhausted ma. I need a long vacation. The only rest and comfort that I get nowadays is a bubble bath with a glass of wine, once per month.” She slumped down on the couch in the living room and pulled an incredulous expression. Linda chuckled; “I told you about your rush into starting a family, look where it has landed you.” Her daughter could be very dramatic. The talk about her rushing was always a bone of contention as her mother had instructed her from as early as thirteen, the relationship and sex aspect of things. She thought back to the impromptu sex talks that her mother held and felt herself cringing from embarrassment. Her mother has always been unconventional in the way she did things.
“I know, I know,” she interjected waving her hands to stop her from going further. 
“There’s no use in speaking pertaining to things that have already happened ma.  And besides I am not like you.”  Linda scoffed softly at that statement, “You can be if you just decide on what you want and not be led by your heart. Like I always say, you should guide your heart instead of letting it guide you” she teased. “Anyway how’s my son in law doing?” She was still standing, watching her grandchildren who still hadn’t settled down. “Chad is fine; he got promoted last week so the additional income will go a long way for us to finally finishing our dream house.”
“Wow that’s good news we give thanks to God Almighty for that. At least you had the good sense to pick out a good man and settle down with” she quipped. She had noticed that her grandchildren were now settled, engrossed in munching the cookies and not making noise hence sat down, “so when is the meeting?” 
“It’s at 6 p.m., but I need to meet up with the ladies an hour before for a cup of coffee and discuss about the reunion. I will come and get the kids at around 7:30 pm”, Thia advised while at the same time looking at her wrist watch, “If the meeting is not over by then I can always get the updates from the other parents.” 
 “Greet the girls on my behalf. Tell Angela to give me a call. It’s been ages since I last spoke to her”. Thia smiled recalling on how her mother had also taken her three friends under her wing. Always ready to impart her wisdom pertaining to faith, life and love. “Thanks for bringing my grandchildren so that I spend some time with them.” She continued as she watched Thia stand, walk over to the children and hug them, before she waved at her mother and left for the coffee shop. 
Linda knew that she at times could be hard on her daughter, but she couldn’t help it.  Thia had so much potential and her only problem in all this was that she always wanted to do all things at the same time. She was never one who took things one step at a time and be content in the stage she was in. No, her daughter was different to her in a lot of ways. When she had Cynthia, it had been a well thought up plan. All her ducks were already lined up pretty well as she was successful in her career and also she managed to get married to a man she considered to be a perfect mate. Whereas Thia’s idea of life was going to college, getting pregnant , a rushed wedding to cover up that fact which had been a letdown to Linda as she thought she had equipped her daughter effectively to the point she wouldn’t make such a mistake.
Life could be unpredictable though, especially when one was dealing with human beings. This was proven by her husband Matthew. Sweet Matthew the perfect mate turned out to be a dud at the end. He cheated on her a countless number of times and the most horrifying thing of all is that he would apologize about it, but still cheat even more. That nearly destroyed her self-esteem as she felt like his cheating was her fault. Then the abuse started. The final straw came when he threw their one year old daughter against the wall after coming home drunk. She hadn’t even realized that he also started drinking in addition to his philandering ways. Linda had sworn that she would never experience what her mother went through, hence threw Matthew out of the house when that happened.
Linda was one of the girls in a family of six boys and three girls. Their home was ruled by an overbearing man who demanded respect and who also happened to have two more wives on his belt. Everything appeared to be scarce at home and at school she was one of those who had to wear the hand me down clothes from her two older sisters. They fought over the resources as children growing up in the Andrews homestead and as she grew older she wanted nothing else but to be able to afford the things that she never got as a child. Therefore she worked hard at school as her only solace came from books, managed to get a scholarship and went further than any of her other family members. She was in her late thirties when she got married and gave birth to Thia in her forties. After the whole incidence with her husband, she put aside any thoughts pertaining to relationships and put all her energies on raising Thia and growing her business.
Matthew was good at playing mind games where child support was concerned which she didn’t care about nor cared to pursue. It was his responsibility to take care of their daughter; hence if he wasn’t willing to step up to the plate, she wasn’t going to waste her time over that. She became both father and mother to Thia and vowed to do the best she could and not make her feel the absence of a male figure in the house. Her huge family helped as Thia had six uncles who to Linda’s relief turned out to be the opposite of their father. She was financially secure as she owned a taxi business that was bringing in profits and also managed to build two condominiums which she rented out to tenants
***
Thia’s friends were already at the coffee shop by the time she got there; deeply discussing pertaining to the High school reunion party they were planning to host. “Afternoon ladies”, Thia greeted and hugged each one of them. “Thia you are late”, Nicole remarked stating the obvious. “Sorry love I had to drop the kids by my mother’s place”.
“How is she?” The ladies asked in unison. “She is doing just great” she replied before settling down on the chair next to Angel. “I miss Ms. LC’s sage advice on life”, Diane pronounced brightly, making Thia blush out of embarrassment. Ms. LC was a name that her friends had given to her mother meaning life coach. Thia had met Nicole, Diane and Angel when they were at kindergarten and they had been inseparable ever since. From being the tooth gaped children to beautiful women who celebrated their uniqueness, the ladies were friends for life. All of them apart from Angel who appeared to be dragging her feet had settled down and had families. Diane was the first to get married immediately after they finished high school. She was a fulltime house wife. She had three children, twin girls, Melissa, Melinda and one boy called Cody. Her husband just like Chad and Thia was an Artisan at Crescentville Electrical Power Station.
Thia followed and juggled being a mother, wife and artisan. A number of years passed before Nicole settled down. She was expecting her first child and about to pop anytime soon. Nicky was a librarian at the Public library and her friends had dubbed her the bookworm among them as they grew older since she tended to be caught sitting in a corner of a room lost in the world of mysteries and romance or whichever book managed to catch her fancy. Angel the odd one in the group was a nurse at the Medical Clinic and seemed to enjoy her freedom.  As the girls were growing up, they used to have sleepover nights twice per month which they enjoyed immensely. It was when they got into their teens, over the holidays that Linda would pop into Thia’s room and would dish out advice pertaining to life and relationships. The relationship aspect used to make Thia wish the ground would open up and swallow her alive. No teen could be found alive listening to their mother speak about sex. 
“Thia don’t be like this”, chimed in Diane taking note that she still was squeamish over talking about her mother and her advice. “Your mother has taught us a lot about life. If it weren’t for her I wouldn’t be married now and to a great person like Joe. She taught us to choose people with character.  Even you at the end were able to follow her advice and look for a nice man to settle down with”. More like the nice man dropped into her lap, Thia thought. As the other ladies nodded and  she detected some accolades about to spiral from the other two, Thia waved her hands and  remarked, “Enough about my mother, onto the plans for the reunion, how are they coming along?” Nicole read out the things noted down and what had been taken care of from the list before discussions were made pertaining to the way forward.
***
Thia glanced at her watch and noted that they would be late for the meeting. She and Diane excused themselves as their children attended the same school. Nicole rubbed her bump as the ladies took their leave and commented, “Have still got a few more years to go before I start attending your parents meetings.” Thia stated with a chuckle, “Count yourself blessed, you will wish that your child was all grown up and away at college so you have all the time to yourself. By the way Ang, mom said you should give her a call”. After receiving a nod from her, she followed Diane who was already waiting outside while Nicole and Angel continued with their meeting and also updated their other former classmates who were in the organizing team. Since Diane’s car was at the garage, they continued their chat as they got into Thia’s car. “By the way did you notice who joined the High school reunion whats app group yesterday?” Diane inquired dramatically as she peeked at her friend to see her reaction. 
“Nope I didn’t.” Thia chuckled at the way Diane was acting and her voice was evident of that. “Is it anyone interesting? You know I don’t like being on social media.” Diane gushed and blurted out, “Your first love who else?” she was eyeing Thia still looking for the reaction she so knew only Thia could pull out. Such was her surprise when Thia drove on without a flinch or any kind of reaction indicating that she had heard her. “Really Thia, aren’t you concerned. He will be there at the reunion”
“I am not. I am married to a good man and have beautiful kids what more would I want?” she spoke mildly as if stating the obvious to a three year old. Diane huffed, eliciting a laugh from her.  “I guess it’s a good thing then that you no longer pine after him. My fear was that you would be thrilled about the whole matter and want to find out more”. Thia replied flippantly, “No I don’t,” Of course at the same time her mind was screaming, yes I want to know, I do want to find out more about him and whether he has changed. It has been a considerable number of years since she had last seen him. She wondered if he had grown fat, had a pot belly and bald head. If only such wishes could be fulfilled. Instead she had read about him in the local papers as he made a name for himself as a business mogul and the most eligible bachelor, in-between drooling over the way he looked on paper. Not that she was willing to admit that to any of her friends. She had always believed that Rodney was her soul mate. Rodney was her first and when he called it quits with her, she was devastated. She wasn’t ready to let go as she kept on hoping that things could have been different. Thia and Chad’s marriage was an inconvenient one as she had been forced by circumstances to enter it.
Chapter 2
9 + so years ago.
“What number are you comfortable with in terms of sexual partners?” Ms. LC asked, at the same time managing to make her daughter Thia shudder and wish she could crawl into bed. Except her three best friends were on top of the covers and her wish of crawling into bed was pointless. They were having a sleep over and Linda as usual was offering the teens her advice, that she knew some of the parents hadn’t taken time to offer to their children, probably thinking they would figure or stumble through when the time came. “One”, Angel responded, eliciting a giggle from the other girls. “One is good”, Linda voiced, “What about the others, what do you think?” She was smiling at the girls while she asked so they could be comfortable in voicing their opinions without fear of being spanked.
The girls grudgingly chorused “one” prompting Linda to laugh. Just because they heard her state that one was good, they now thought it was a national anthem. “Hmmm let me rephrase,” she chuckled and leaned over on the door, since she didn’t want it to turn into a long lecture. Small dosages to her topic would make the girls more open with her. “If you knew that just one addition of a sexual partner, just that one determined the success of a marriage how many partners would you wish your future husband should have been with before he came to you. Again I repeat keeping in mind that for every partner that they have, they is an increase in the chances of divorcing in future?”
“None” was the resounding answer she heard after. But she wasn’t done yet. “Ok, I know that you chat about boyfriends, relationships with your other friends and school mates, you also watch these chick flicks that I think should be banned; nevertheless we need to talk about this, all facades thrown aside and get to the grit of this matter. When you heard that the more sexual partners amounted to an increase in chances of divorcing in future you were quick to say zero. Now the question you should ask yourselves is this, are you willing to stay chaste for that one who would have taken the same decision to have sex only with their future spouse?” Thia groaned as her mother continued. “You can groan all you like but that will not stop nature from taking its course. They will come a time in which you will have to make that decision, whether to be one of those who sleep around, experimenting before marriage and in the process getting hurt or you will do it after you are married and enjoy this God given gift. If you do it before you are just plain stupid. Yes you are,” she emphasized and watched the girls look at her with horrified expressions on their faces. 
“By your expressions I can imagine you are probably thinking about the cool girl in school who told you how wonderful it felt or the charming boy who has earned a name of having the expertise in that area of making the girls feel like they are in heaven for days”. Diane and Nicky snickered while Angel seemed to be enjoying and paying full attention to what was being said by Cynthia's mother. She plumped up the pillow while she lay on the bed, making herself more comfortable. Her mother hadn’t taken the time to tell her about relationships, except for that ten minutes pep talk she held when she had her first period and told her to not come home but remain with her boyfriend, if she ever fell pregnant in future before she got married. When she had plagued her older sister who was now married even her advice had been totally off. She advised her to stay as far away from men as she possibly could until she was way, way older and independent. To Angel this was not practical as her peers were already dating, some even doing it. It was almost like talking about sex was a taboo, yet their society was rampant with information from the internet to TV and radio shows pertaining to it. Then they were those cultures which trained girls coming into womanhood on how to pleasure a man. So who was she meant to listen to, if the ones who were meant to guide her were unwilling to do so?
Gladly paying heed to Linda and ignoring Thia who was making funny scratchy throat sounds, she was just in time to hear Linda say, “When a person decides to have sex outside of marriage they can’t see clearly and aren’t able to make the right decision because their vision has been clouded. Sex and emotions are connected. People tend to put up with a lot and make the wrong decision because it will be coming from the emotional state, instead of a rationale mind. You hear such stories around our town, your homes, that sister who has a crappy husband who’s an alcoholic, or a cheating spouse, it all stems from a decision made during the phase when they were intimate with that person. Angel I am seeing your hand up, is they something you want to say?” Linda enquired. She took a chair as she had been standing at the doorway when she delivered her lecture. The girls turned to Angel who seemed to enjoy the talk. Angel shyly replied, “It’s just a comment I had like to make”.
“Go ahead”, Linda motioned with her hand. “My older sister was dating a ‘cool guy’” She used her fingers marking the cool in quotes before she continued. “She liked everything about him. His swag, his bling and tolerated his love for alcohol. She used to enjoy his antics especially when he was drunk. I once overheard her talking with some friends, that the sex was exceptional. When she fell pregnant and was forced to marry by my parents, everything changed for her but nothing changed for my brother in law. He is still an alcoholic, does the same stunts at the family gatherings whenever he is drunk but now my sister complains about them. They are struggling financially as he can’t keep a job, when he gets his salary; he is off on a drinking spree and forgets to report to work the next day. My sister is fed up and usually expresses that she wonders what she ever saw in him in the first place. So when you spoke about not thinking rationally, she came to mind”.
“Thank you for that Angel, that’s an example of the clouded vision and you will be surprised that they are a lot of such issues happening in our society. For a while the sex made her not to even consider his bad habits. They were cool. To you it might have been obvious that he is not a good person, he is struggling with an addiction, but she wasn’t seeing that. As youths, this is the time that you should be taking charge of your bodies, mastering your emotions and not letting them run wild, because you will still have to deal with those emotions even after marriage. So if you never had self-control prior to marriage, don’t think you will suddenly develop it when you are married. Don’t think your ugly frogs on the day of the wedding will suddenly turn into prince charming by the wave of the pastors’ hand pronouncing you as husband and wife. That your character or his will suddenly become sublime, while your abused body develops self-control. You failed to honor your body then, it’s the same body that is in marriage still and there is a high chance of cheating.” She paused for a while and looked at their innocent young faces. 
“Just because a boy knows how to match the color of their shoe laces with their shirt, or can hold a bottle of alcohol in a cool way doesn’t mean that he is a good husband potential, nor does a girl who has been taught to gyrate and move like a slithering snake make for a good wife. It’s the character of a person that counts. It’s not all hopeless and dire though, there is still hope for those who have done it prior but imagine the time and effort that one will have to dedicate to make right those broken parts of your soul and body. Why not take the upper road and do everything the right way the first time. God helping you, your life will be a marvel to see, that’s why He says that you should guard your heart above everything else. All the issues that pertain to life stem from there. Your generation is in a far much worse state than ours because you also have to deal with sexual infections and also confusion in sexual orientation as we now have new terms like sexual fluidity”. The girls nearly coughed at the same time when they heard Linda say that, never the less she ploughed on with her topic. “In our time it was rare to hear about a person who has been infected with an STI and so on. Instead of our society getting better, the morals are deteriorating day by day. So girls I really need you to think hard pertaining to this area and the choices you will later have to make,” she advised.
“Which brings us to dating, coz you can’t be making the decision about sex when you don’t have a boyfriend. How many of you are dating?” 
 “None of us is dating ma” Thia replied swiftly. If their night was going to turn out to be like the rest, she was already dreading it.  “There is a school rule that stipulates that if any student is caught dating they will get expelled, we aren’t even allowed to hold hands with the opposite sex” Diane joined in. “School rule or not I know you, as hard as it is to believe I was once a teenager and I know how teenagers have a way of getting around rules”. Nicole shyly whispered, “I am dating”, shocking her best friends. Their head in the novels, little bookworm was dating and before any of them. “Thanks for your honesty Nicky” Linda stated and smiled reassuringly at the teen. As usual her mother was cool, Thia thought, as she didn’t react in the typical way she would expect of a mother to. Shout and spank Nicole till she couldn’t sit on her butt for a week.
“Who and why are you dating?” Linda requested bluntly as Thia rolled her eyes. Adults definitely didn’t beat about the bush, she thought. “It’s a boy that I learn with called Gerald. He is handsome, friendly and cool,” Nicole gushed. She was experiencing the thrills of first love and was brave enough to tell Thia’s mom as she felt she could even conquer the world. “Gerald the head boy”, the girls shrieked. The little sneak had been telling them that he was helping her as she was struggling in mathematics. “Hush”, Linda quieted them. “So what are your future plans with Gerald?” she probed further enjoying the talk with the girls. “What future plans?” Nicky was now wearing a confused expression on her face. “Well where do you see your relationship going in a years’ time or two?” Linda stressed out and could clearly see confusion as Nicole hadn’t thought that further ahead. “I didn’t think about that. I don’t think Gerald thinks that way too. We were just dating for the fun of it” Nicky tentatively answered, not sure on what Thia’s mom was trying to drive at. “We are still young and it’s too early for us to be making long term goals”.
“Hmmm and does that fun include kissing and petting?” Linda was staring at Nicky who suddenly lowered her eyes to the carpeted floor out of embarrassment. The other girls were now fully paying attention to the conversation and Nicky knew they would be in her case after Linda left. “I take that as a yes then” Linda concluded. “There is no need to be shy about it. Onto the next question, what is the purpose of dating?”
Chapter 3
Present day.
The meeting took longer than expected; it was around 8:00pm when Thia decided to leave and asked Diane who was remaining behind to update her on the outcome. She drove to her mother’s place and was relieved to hear that both the kids had bathed and had their supper. She wasn’t feeling hungry but was left with the task of preparing supper for Chad. As she walked with her mother to her car carrying the heavy six year old Robert who was already asleep, she laughed when her poor bones popped and she could literally hear the sound of them as she placed her son onto the car seat. Rose got into the car and slumped onto the seat, instantly falling asleep. “Thanks mom for taking care of them.” Linda flapped her hands dismissively as they stood near the car, “No bother, you know it’s always a pleasure to be with my grandchildren”. Thia hugged her mother and whispered, “Good night.” Linda remarked before watching Thia drive off, “Greet my favorite son in law for me”.
She was in the task of debating on who to carry into the house first after she arrived home when the front door was opened and Chad came out of the house. “Hey you are back early. I can see you’re already enjoying the benefits of being a foreman” she commented eliciting a laugh from him. “Let me help you with Rose”, he whispered and swooped in as usual, carried her as if she was light as a feather. Rose at eight was even heavier than Robert. “Will you manage with him?” Chad asked after he observed that she was struggling. He placed Rose on one of his shoulders, took Robert from the mother and placed him on the other shoulder before he advised. “Lock up while I tuck them into bed”. After she had locked up, she went into their bedroom and decided to take a shower before she prepared the meal. She got into the bedroom dressed in a white robe and was slowly drying her short hair with a towel when Chad came in with a tray with supper. 
“I prepared something for you when I got back from work”, he explained, handing her the tray. “It looks and smells delicious.” Her mouth was already salivating as she was assailed by the sweet odor coming from the tray. Chad was a considerate husband and the small things that he did which he regarded as nothing made her feel special. Her mother and friends were right, he was a good man and she had to get her head straight and stop pining over what’s his name. Rodney her first love. 
“I really enjoyed this; I keep on telling you, you should have been a chef”. Thia commented after she had wiped clean her plate. She knew it was unladylike to belch but Chad’s meals were always exceptional. Chad liked watching her eat her fill, Thia’s appetite was remarkable and still the years they had stayed together with the kids in tow she had remained in shape, filling out on her curves. He took the tray from her, placed it on the floor and commented, scratching the corner of his mouth with his thumb, “You have something on your lips”. 
“Here” she asked wiping it off on the wrong place. “Come here”, Chad whispered as he pulled her to him and murmured “here” before licking it off her lips. The kiss made her tremble as Chad had that effect on her. Her hands were already running down his strong arms, marveling at how good he looked and felt even after eight years of being married. He had cupped her face and was taking his time while her body hummed when they were interrupted by the damning phone she wished could be left somewhere else other than their bedroom.  “Sorry”, Chad apologized before he answered and left the room for the study. She resigned herself to falling asleep again without the intimacy she so craved and decided to take the dishes and wash them up before bed.
She was going through a magazine and could hear Chad talk over the phone in the study when her phone chimed again, announcing a message. She looked at the number and realized it was the same one which had sent the ‘hi’ message in the morning as she was getting ready to collect the kids from school. She was about to type back when another message got in, this time an image which answered the question in her mind. Rodney. “It’s a shame you seem to have forgotten me my love”, Rodney typed. She sent a teary eyed laughing imoji, and typed, “You still are an incorrigible flirt”.  She couldn’t believe that it was Rodney and after so many years of no communication, he had reached out. She chatted with him for a while happy to hear from him. She must have dozed off as she typed because the next thing she knew her alarm was ringing, Chad was coming out of the shower, and their morning routine began. 
Today she was going back to work and her shift was in the morning, hence she made arrangements with her mother and the whole family drove in one car. After dropping off the kids at school, Chad dropped her off at her work place and continued on to his. They were back to the normal routine of the house, work, kids and Chad was always busy on the phone. It was a week before her trip to her old boarding school for the reunion when Chad came into the house excited. She was tired and wanted to just curl up in bed and sleep.
“Get the kids, we need to go somewhere”, he beamed looking like a kid with candy. After seeing that she was delaying and doing things at a sluggard pace, he hurriedly took Roberts coat and made him wear it, while Rose also wore hers. He bundled his small family into the car and Thia felt her tiredness ebbing away as Chads mood was becoming infectious. “Are you taking us to the family house?” she asked when she noticed the route they were travelling. Before they reached the house, Chad stopped the car and handed her a black scarf.  “What’s that for?” Thia had seen the house a countless number of times while it was being built so she wondered on Chads excitement. 
“Just cover your eyes honey”, he advised. She sighed out loud for him to hear and resigned herself to letting him act like a child while she covered her eyes with the scarf. “Can you see anything?” He waved his hand before her face and when she didn’t react he shifted in his seat, confident that she couldn’t he drove on. The kids rushed out of the car as noisy as ever exclaiming and perking up her curiosity even further than before. “What’s happening?” She questioned as Chad helped her get out from the car and continued to guide her into the house. She could hear the door being opened and the kids yelping as they went into the other rooms. She sniffed in the air curious as the fresh paint odor was still evident. “You can now open your eyes” Chad advised. Thia removed the scarf, slowly opened her eyes and screamed. “When did you?” she managed to say before raining a few kisses on his face. “When did you do all this”, she was yelping like her kids marveling at their home.
The house was complete, the tiles she had chosen put on the floor. The kitchen sinks had been installed including the shelves she had requested. They had a roof over their head, their very own and not one provided for by the company. “This is beautiful”, she commented tearing up. She pulled out a piece of tissue from her jeans and sniffled before she asked, “All those phone calls?” finally putting two and two together. “Yes, I wanted to surprise you”. She rushed into his arms and placed a swift kiss on his lips. “And I thought it was all work.” He slid her hand into the crook, “Shall we tour around the other rooms?” A new selection of furniture they had chosen together had also been delivered and had been put in some of the rooms. “I thought it was ages before we could finish”. 
“Well the promotion had a few perks and I had another stash apart from our savings.”
“Wait a minute, should I be offended that my husband has another stash somewhere that I wasn’t aware of?” she asked, incredulously looking at him, as he pulled her and silenced her with a kiss. She talked too much when all he wanted to see was her, hero worshiping him. “Yuck”, Robert yelped when he saw his parents making out. “Gross”, Rose enjoined, looking at them. “Come here you”, Thea chuckled and acted as if about to catch them as they squirmed away from her grasp. Chad managed to grab Rob and put him on the shoulder. “Did you see your rooms?” He asked the children as they moved towards the bedrooms.

Chapter 4

9 + so years ago. 
“Hi girls”, Linda greeted as she came into her daughters’ room. The girls were having a sleepover at her place again. The last time when she had spoken with them, she decided to cut the topic short as she didn’t want to overload them with too much information at one go. She continued though to introduce the topic with subtlety to Thia when an opportunity presented itself. Like during a movie or commercial which would be having sexual connotations in it. She would ask for Thia’s opinion to find out on her line of thought. “Evening Ms. L.C”, the girls chorused. “How’s your boyfriend doing?” Linda was staring at Nicole who was plaiting Diane’s hair. “We broke up”, she answered flippantly as the other girls rolled their eyes at the short duration of the relationship. “Why did you break up?” Linda probed. Nicole seemed to give Diane’s hair more concentration than before, embarrassed and whispered. “He called me a prude”.
“Ouch!!” Diane yelped as a strand of her hair was tugged. “Sorry” Nicole apologized.
Thia and Angel were listening intently as Linda’s focus was not on them but their poor friend.
“Why did he call you that?” Linda probed further already having guessed the reason but wanting to bring the other girls to the realization on why one would call another prude. What teenagers failed to see was that dating especially when the touching and feeling aspect was introduced, always resulted in either falling into sexual temptation or frustrations rising up, which more or less put a strain on a budding relationship. “Well he invited me to his place to meet his family. I only discovered when I got there that he was alone, his parents had gone out of town and he wanted to get down to business.”
The other girls were shocked as Nicole hadn’t shared the full details on why she had broken up with Gerald. “He said everyone was doing it, and I was a prude for not doing it with him”.
“I am sorry about that honey, and you are not a prude for not having sex with him. Which comes to the last question I asked the last time you were here for a sleepover, what is the reason for dating?” 
Nicole giggled and answered, “From what I have experienced I guess it’s for one to get laid.” Everyone laughed along with her. Diane replied “The purpose of dating is to find someone you love, who you intend to build a future with and get married to”. Linda nodded her head and turned to the others who hadn’t yet answered. “What’s your opinion Angel….Thia?”
Thia shrugged her shoulders and replied, “I guess you date because everyone is dating.” Angel also answered “You date because you are old enough to do so”. At least that’s what other women said every time she caught some women talking. “The purpose of dating is to build a friendship that will lead to marriage. Like Diane put it, you want to find someone you love who you can build a life with.  Dating for fun, because you want to get laid, you are old or lonely and because of peer pressure in that everyone is doing it, defeats the purpose for dating.  Another question, can you just give me a run-down of what you are planning to do let’s say for the next five years?”
“That’s easy”, Thia quickly replied, “I intend to enroll at a college and study electrical engineering, work and get married after achieving those goals.” Angel said, “Study nursing.” Nicole answered, “I haven’t made up my mind on what I will do when I finish High school”, while Diane covered her face and mumbled, “Get married,” prompting her friends to laugh. Of all the things she could say, they thought that was rather absurd. Linda waved her hand so they could keep quiet.  “Hush, there is absolutely nothing wrong for Diane to wish to get married and be a mother. By the time you are done with high school, you will be above the legal age. Being a wife and mother is as challenging as going out there and making a difference in the world.  It's just that as Africans we have been taught to value education and look unfavorably at women who stay home and take care of families as contributing nothing of value. Even men have perpetuated that sentiment by thinking they are the only ones working and the women who stay home are not working. You hear the comments, she is not working and she is at home. Look at the other nations, you have seen the shows when introductions are being made and you wonder this person asked her what she does in terms of career and the answer was a proud stay at home mom.  We even have stay at home dads”. 
Diane pulled her tongue out and rolled her eyes at the girls. “Ok, Diane will have a chat separate from the rest on how to make the best choice in a life partner.  They are also projects you can do while you are at home to help you bring in some income and keep you from becoming a busy body. We don’t want an idle woman and to give our adversary an opportunity to gloat.” Thia was becoming more comfortable with the talks hence she boldly asked, “Mom, why don't you just share with us also?” Linda winked at her because she had anticipated that, “In due time because right now you answered that you intend to concentrate on your studies, get a job and get married after all that. If you don't intend to get married in 1 or 2 years’ time, I don't think there is even a need for you to date”. 
“Whaaaaa!!”she exclaimed.  She knew her mother was old fashioned but not to that extent.  
“Don’t date if you know you are not ready for marriage. Finish College, work and we will talk,” she advised and winked again at her daughter who looked like she had asked her to join the Convent. “Marriage is not on your radar. You have to consider your hormones and emotions. Nicole just discovered that hormones and emotions don’t wait for anyone when Gerald tried to get it on with her. There is a high chance that while you concentrate on studies and dating at the same time you will end up honoring one above the other. You can’t serve two masters at the same time. If you want to remain pure and complete your studies, then you have to give up the thought of dating”. 
“Well I can do both. Date and finish my education”. Thia sulked, sensing that her mother was being unfair by telling her otherwise. She had seen others juggle the responsibilities of being in a relationship and also doing their studies.  Her mother replied, “Let’s face it, while you date, what will stop you from doing the whole kissing and petting games?” He will do the reasonable thing; Thia thought and answered, “Well if he loves me, he will have to wait for me”. Linda chuckled at how adamant her daughter appeared to be, “For how long will your knight have to wait for you, 5 years? He will wait for you while you go through college, get a job and then you get married. All that time, you will not hold hands; you will not kiss nor try anything to alleviate your raging hormones. For five years you will not feel your heart flutter when he is near. You will not want to be held. You and your knight will just be like brother and sister. Are you speaking about Jesus or you are talking about a person with hormones and emotions?” 
 Nicole was already laughing by the time Linda finished and looking at Thia who appeared to be obstinate and thought her mother’s way of thinking was obtuse. After the incident with Gerald she wasn’t going to disagree on that point. She thought Gerald was a nice enough guy who had never pressure her but at the end he had also tried his luck.  All reasoning of them being young and not ready for such a relationship had flown out of the window. She had come out of the house amidst a stream of rude words on what a tease she was. Never was she ever going to meet a male person alone at his house.
Angel on the other hand was making a few notes in her head as she didn’t want to make the same mistake like her sister, while Diane felt that her purity and being in Gods will counted more than pursuing all other things. Besides Joseph, the boy who was asking her out also shared her same values and they both didn’t want to fall into sexual sin. That’s why the need to get married if they managed to get the consent of both parents. She hadn’t yet told her friends knowing the way they would react, since they had almost chopped Nicole’s head off when they heard about Gerald. She realized that starting out with little and building on their future with Joseph, doing it Gods way was the best way for her and hence made up her mind on what to do next.
 “I will not be with you when you finally make the decisions pertaining to sex, but I hope that all of you make the right one. If you value being pure and doing everything Gods way then you will do everything the right way the first time. I know it sounds like a tall order but it’s possible. When you see dating as a medium or channel and marriage as your goal, you and your partner will not go wrong. But if you remove the purpose of dating which is ‘marriage’ what is left are just people hurting each other and being hurt. This grieves me a lot because I have had to deal with women who never planned for any of this. One minute they are in love and the next they wonder how they got to where they are. I caution you the most because you are the ones who are usually left vulnerable. A boy may go away as if nothing has happened when an untimely pregnancy occurs, but the females are the ones left to deal with the unplanned pregnancy or child. I don’t advocate for termination of pregnancy no matter how the children come into the world, they still are God’s gift. What I would like to see a lot of even in churches is women praying for their children and great grandchildren, and less of women who will still be praying for the chance to get married to man they have been staying with for more than five years, ten, fifteen all because they never did everything right in the first place. It begins with you girls and the families where you are coming from don’t matter. You can lay that foundation for your children and descendants of giving honor to marriage and guarding the sacredness of sexual intimacy between wife and husband. God draws a firm line on casual and illicit sex.”
The girls were silent and none could goof around like before as it dawned on how serious the matter was.

Chapter 5
9 years ago
Thia was almost done with packing her bags when Angel came into the bedroom and sat on the bed. “Did you manage to pack up all the stuff you need?” she asked taking note of the number of bags on the floor. “Ha ha, I knew you would comment on my bags. How many bags are you carrying?” Angel smirked at Thia, who had almost carried her entire bedroom with her, “Just two suitcases.” Disbelief was evident in Thia’s voice, “Seriously. Show off”.  Before Angel could quip back, Linda came into the room, “Are you not yet done? Angel’s dad is impatient and wants to leave you girls well settled in your flat before night fall”.
“I am almost”, Thia stated, throwing some of the bags to Angel who was lying on the bed.
“Hey sleepy head, you can stow away these ones”. Angel grumbled but did not voice out her complaint, she quickly carried the easy ones and climbed down the stairs to the car. Linda picked up the huge suitcases, “what are you carrying in these bags?” she asked shocked at their heaviness. “Just a few of my things that I had need.” As they worked in stowing away the bags into the boot, when they were done, Linda took some minutes to talk to the girls. “You are going out there to live on your own, my advice is that you use the freedom wisely and not make decisions that you will later regret. I think my job is done. Now it’s time to see if what you have been taught can stand the test of time, let us pray”. After she was done, Thia hugged her and muttered “Oooh mom.” Angel also gave her a hug. “Thank you Ms. LC for everything will miss you dearly” she said almost in tears herself.
“You can always call me when you need an adult to talk to”, Linda stated. “I will definitely do so”. Thia rolled her eyes noting how Angel loved her mother’s talks which to her seemed to be a bit old fashioned at times. How would one not have a boyfriend in their era and not look queer, she wondered. Her mother was one of the people who had emphasized on dating for marriage and never dating for anything else. Her advice appeared to have worked for Diane as she was happily married and expecting a child. After finishing high school, Diane’s boyfriend who had started his apprenticeship training proposed and the rest was history. As her mother always advised them, have sex before marriage and be stupid or have sex after and have a healthy happy relationship. Both Diane and Joseph had been virgins.

***
Present Day
Thia groggily became awake and could hear the sound of water being turned on. Chad was taking a shower; she was supposed to wake up and prepare his clothes and also wake the kids. She could sense a headache coming on. She opened her eyes slowly and realized that she was not at her house as the ceiling was different. She looked at it confused before all the events of the day before flooded into her mind. How did she come back to the room after the High school reunion party she wondered? She was shocked even further when she heard a male voice singing in the shower. She turned, looked at the overnight bag which was on the other side of the bed, lying open and reached for the wallet. She almost screamed when she saw the name and image on the identity card. A box of condoms peaked out from among his things. She had to get out of there and fast before he was done with his shower. She grabbed her shoes and tiptoed to the door, opened it without making any sound and fled. Rushing to her room, she was relieved when she found Diane not there. Maybe she also slept out, she thought.
She was dressing up after taking a shower when Diane came into the room with coffee and a bag of rolls. “Morning, here you are, was wondering where you disappeared to? You didn’t sleep in the room. What happened did Chad come by?” Diane jokingly remarked and was shocked when Thia who was drying her hair with a towel burst into tears. “Thia what’s going on?” she asked concerned as she put the things on the dresser and rushed to her. “I woke up in Rodney’s room. I don’t even know how I got there? I don’t remember anything apart from chatting with him while we were in the hall” she sobbed. “No Cynthia, it can’t be.”
“Yes” Thia wailed even louder. “What have I done Dee?” Diane hugged her and comforted, “Hush, maybe it’s nothing since you can’t remember. Did you ask Rodney if anything happened?” Thia sniffled, “He was taking a shower when I woke up and I was too ashamed to wait for him so I could ask. I literally fled from his room before he confirmed my suspicions”. Diane rolled her eyes at that, “You should have waited and asked. Maybe nothing happened”.
“What about the box of condoms?” Thia bawled further, becoming more hysterical. Diane held her peace realizing that now was not the time to make Thia reason as she was deeply saddened with what might have or not have happened. She handed over the box of Kleenex for her to wipe her tears. Diane tried to lighten the mood by moving onto a safer topic about the children. “I miss them so much and all the ruckus that accompanies them”. Thia remarked finally smiling. Her smile was short lived as Diane noticed her face scrunching up when her thoughts went from her children to her husband. “I’m a bad wife. Chad will definitely divorce me when he hears that I spent the night with my ex”. Diane looked at her exasperated and picked up her coat. “Where are you going?” Thia asked in-between sniffles. “Out, to get our tickets, if you don’t want to go home, that’s your choice. I miss my family and want to be with them. This weekend has given me a breather from family life but now I am ready to go back. Don’t forget to talk to Rodney and ask about last night, I mean it Thia, it could save you a lot of grief”, she continued as she walked out and closed the door behind her.
Thia spent the whole morning having a pity party. Why did she attend the reunion function? She wondered. She missed Chad and he has always been busy. That was uncalled for and she knew she wasn’t being fair by blaming Chad for their lack of intimacy. Maybe that’s why she had entertained Rodney as they chatted online, flirted and even travelled to unchartered waters. Never did she think that all this would lead her to his bed when she met him after such a long time. Were people right then in saying that one never got over their first. She had managed to guzzle on some chocolates and a packet of potato crisps when her phone rang and she felt lazy to pick it up. She grudgingly got up from bed as it continued to ring, walked towards the dressing table and looked at the caller ID. 
 “Hey sweetie, you left without saying goodbye, what’s going on?” Rods deep voice greeted before she could utter anything. “Hi, nothing is going on” she managed to choke out. “I suspect I am coming down with flu or something.” 
“Ooh, that’s a pity; I hope you get well soon. I would hate to see those lovely curves sagging because of sickness. Would you like me to bring you something?” He asked making her panic out of her wits. “No, no. I will be fine, I just need to rest and drink lots of water. I will be fine and besides I have a long journey ahead”. She was already agitated and about to hang up when Rod asked, “Are you sure sweetie, you sound different, are you avoiding me, I thought you might like it that we spend this time together before you leave for home”.
“Everything is fine; it’s the flue like I said”. She breezily replied. “By the way Rodney did anything happen yesterday that you might wish to talk about”, she finally asked dreading the answer. “Well I had the sweetest and peaceful sleep in a very longtime. You were just great love” he responded with a chuckle. “No!!!” She screamed, “You can’t mean that, I am sure we just went to sleep and nothing happened, right”, she probed. “Be serious for once Rod”.
“Well it might have meant nothing to you, but it was sensational to me”. She wasn’t in the mood to hear more about their sensational night together and resorted to throwing the mobile onto the bed. She punched the pillow horrified at what Rod had said. The phone rang again as she covered her ears from its incessant sound. She looked at the caller ID to make sure it wasn’t her husband calling but Rodney and let it ring. It finally stopped and she was relieved when it did. 

Chapter 6
9 years ago.
“Thia what’s going on I just saw Rodney’s retreating back as I was coming in. Are you guys cool?” Angel asked as she came into their flat. Thia sniffled, “Rodney said he wants a break from us. I am suffocating him”.
“Sorry my friend”, she comforted as she gave Thia a hug and let her sob. “You will meet the right person for you am sure definitely not like Rodney”.
“Hey where do your loyalties lie? I thought that Rodney was your friend”. Thia drew back from the embrace and looked suspiciously at Angel. “Or you know something about him, which I don’t. Did he say anything to you?” she asked agitated. Angel laughed at her friend who tended to lean on the emotional side more than what was good for her and replied, “Rodney is a family friend and I also think he is not right for you.” 
“Well I love him. He is my first love. What will I do without him?” she whimpered and looked searchingly at Angel with the hope that she would talk to Rodney. She sighed when she realized that Angel was rolling her eyes at her as she tended to say that she was a drama queen. So no hope then for a BCB as long as Angel didn’t feel the need to intervene. “You will get over your infatuation of him. You are a survivor and besides your relationship wasn’t that deep …right?” Angel asked and was horrified to see Thia slide under the covers and curl up in bed.
“About that, let’s say I lost it a while ago”, she whispered. “No Thia, nooo”, Angel screamed and yanked the blanket off from her. “Why? I thought we made a pact that we will wait for the right one and at the right moment.”
“Yes we made that pact and Rodney was the right one”, she stated bluntly to Angel’s annoyance, as she settled on the bed with no bedcover to hide under while she spoke out the details. Couldn’t Angel just let it go? It’s not like she could stitch back her virginity. “You know what I mean,” Angel rolled her eyes at her daftness. “By right one we said the one who is committed to the relationship, a husband and in a marriage set up”.
“Well I couldn’t wait”, she sulked. “And look where it has led you”, Angel retorted back. “What happened to all the talk about doing both school and dating while being chaste? Your mom even tried to warn us.” By the time Angel was done Thia was wailing again, regretting the decision she made in the heat of the moment as Angel had no right of pointing it out. Angel realized it wasn’t cool to kick on a lying dog as Thia looked so lost. She hugged her and crooned that it will be ok before asking “Does your mom know about your adventure into forbidden territory?” Thia’s eyes were filled with another wave of tears. “No she will kill me if she found out. She is always emphasizing on sex after marriage and the grief’s accompanied by the before part”.
“At least you still remember that about her”. Angie snorted. “Thought College made you forget about that also”. 
“Ang I just feel so used. I thought Rodney was the right one, and the moment seemed right when I gave it all away”.
“Shame” she comforted, out of what to say in such a case. “You will get over him and next time, keep your legs locked. Lock them from today and throw away the keys,” she finally advised and managed to bring a smile to Thia’s face. “That’s a great idea Ang,” she answered cheerily which made Angel imagine the mischievous things Thia used to do as they grew up and managed to get away with, by just sobbing her way through them. She was now wondering on what she had said exactly that Thia was receiving with the exuberance of a three year old. She had already shifted from her hug and was moving away from the bed. “Oook…..”Angel hesitated still not sure as to what was happening. “What’s the great idea about, if I may ask that I happened to suggest,” she tentatively asked.
“Getting over Rodney that’s what I am going to do.  I am going out there and will prove Rodney wrong and that he made a mistake of leaving me. I will meet a nice guy who will value me and realize my worth. I think I saw something here somewhere” she replied and got her handbag from the table which she ruffled through, searching out the paper one of the students had handed out to her as she left campus. “Here it is”, she squealed. “There is a party on the Campus being hosted by the Commercial students, bla bla bla”.
“Ooh boy”, Angie cradled her face in her hands getting more irritated at Thia’s childishness. She wished Diane and Nicole were with them so they could knock some sense into her. Was she high on drugs or something? Surprisingly enough Linda had also spoken pertaining to starting a relationship after ending another. She advised the girls to take time after a break up. Reassess what had gone wrong and improve before jumping into another relationship like what Thia was proposing. Diane was busy with family life hence she wouldn’t be able to talk with Thia. Nicole on the other hand was now working at the library and the employees’ personal phones were usually switched off while on duty. “What to do, what to do,” Angel thought as she watched Thia get ready for the party.
She mumbled a small prayer, “Father in heaven please guide my friend into making the right decision. I know that it is your will for us to keep ourselves from sexual promiscuity and learn to appreciate and give dignity to our bodies, not abusing them as is common among those who know nothing of you”. The shameful girl started singing while she showered. Angel felt like tying her up so she wouldn’t go as she was still hurting and might be in a worse off situation than before. When Thia came back into the room to change she had the audacity to smirk at Angel who was looking at her with a scowl on her face. “Don’t worry hon, it was all a joke. I will not do anything silly, I promise you. I will not have revenge sex with anyone. I will just dance and have fun”. Angel yelped at the words revenge sex, as Thia burst out laughing. “Let’s go together, so you can keep an eye on me”. She suggested. That was a good idea yet Angel had to be at work in the early hours of the morning. Angel sighed and her shoulders slouched in defeat before she replied, “I can’t, have to report to work in the morning”.
So much for free will, she thought. God had given people the right to choose, hence Angel still felt ill equipped on advising her friend against going to the party. It suddenly dawned on her that she had some samples as they had been doing an awareness program on safe sex throughout the colleges. She walked towards the wardrobe and took out a box with the things she needed. She riffled through it and handed Thia a pack of contraceptives. At the same time praying that she wasn’t giving her the gun to shoot herself. If she didn’t she would worry, at least now if anything happened Thia wouldn’t have to be saddled by an unplanned pregnancy. “What’s that? Thia asked. “Contraceptive pills, start taking them today since you have decided to do whatever you want”, Angel advised. “Oh sweet, my Angel is already sounding like a nurse, offering a solution instead of judgments.” Thia humored Angel by popping one pill into her mouth before drinking water.
“Humph”, Angel snorted. “It’s your life Thia. And you don’t account it to your mother or me but to God. Why would I judge? Remember to also stay away from anything with alcohol in it, including the punch.  Take this again,” she advised handing her a box of condoms. “Jeez Angel I was joking, I am not going to sleep around just because I was dumped. What do you take me for?” Thia was horrified at the fact that Angel really thought she would have sex with a stranger. “Just take them in case,” she begged and watched her friend almost glare at her, angry that she assumed the worst. “No, I won’t and ciao I think my taxi is here”, she said before sauntering off to the door.
***
 As expected Rodney was there and some girls were already surrounding him as he entertained them with stories of his escapades. Thia wondered what had made him change so much ever since they came to college. She had known him from primary school and she thought she would never experience any heart break because she knew him. He was a quick read. She hated feeling left out and against her better judgment took a glass of apple punch. She had a low tolerance of alcohol and hence she didn’t drink, except for those occasions when with dear ones and knowing you could be silly but no harm could be done. She was getting frustrated as she watched the girls act like Rodney was their perfect meal. Her frustrations inevitably made her gulp the punch at a faster rate and pour more into her glass. She knew he had noticed she had attended the party, but never did he make the effort to even talk to her. A one year relationship meant nothing to him, as she glared at him; the worst of the worst of nasty words were going through in her mind. Against her better judgment and mom’s sage advice, she started dating him in her last year at high school and they made the decision to study at this particular polytechnic college together. Rodney was doing Entrepreneurial studies. 
She looked around the hall, and realized that everyone was having a great time apart from her. The other students were gyrating on the dance floor without any care, while her heart was ground into an innumerable number of pieces. One guy in particular stood out like a sore thumb like her since he wasn’t dancing or crowding around the other guys who were chatting and guffawing over how others danced. He was tall and his whole posture shouted stay away as he stood aloof and looked like a person who was ready to dash off from the party any moment. He looked familiar. She went through her mind and noted that he was one of the fourth year students in her department, and was studying electrical engineering like her. Imagining the sweet revenge of dating a fourth year over her age mate Rodney, she walked over to him.
“Shall we dance” she boldly asked. At close up, the guy looked cute and whereas Rod was slim he was more on the stocky muscular side. He looked like one who made use of the gym. “Sorry ask someone else”, he answered brusquely before walking off. The punch was already working in her system and she was feeling light headed. Thia sensed a challenge and how she liked them. She trailed behind the guy as he came out of the dance hall. “Why are you following me”, he was a bit irritated at this new companion trailing behind him. He had been warned about ladies who hooked up with guys for the fun of it and he wasn’t buying into it. His priority was to get through his last year without an incident and collect his certificate at the end of it. 
“I am not following you, just going the same way you are” she bluffed. Her muscle coordination was beginning to slow down and hence she decided to sit down on the flower bed which rather felt cool. She was already contemplating on lying on it. “Are you ok”, the guy asked rushing towards her, concerned though irritated at the same time? This had been a bad idea, letting his friends drag him to a party. “I don’t feel too good”, she replied before slumping onto the ground like dead weight. Could any of this get more complicated, Chad wondered as he cursed and thought of leaving her there. He could clearly see that she was tipsy. Images of her being picked up by other unprincipled college students flashed through his mind and made him pick her up. 
Such girls could be taken by just anyone and raped without being aware on what was happening. He never drank any of the alcohol offered at the parties planned out on campus since most of them would be spiked with one drug or another. Around twelve midnight things used to get crazy as students revealed how deranged they could be by making out where ever they could and having orgies. That’s why he had been reluctant to come in the first place. She might be one of those girls who stayed off campus, he thought. He resignedly carried her to his room and let her mumble whatever mumbo jumbo was coming out of her mouth. His roommate was out for the weekend hence he had the room for himself. She would sleep in his bed while he slept in his roommates’ bed.  Problem solved.  
As he laid her on the bed, he didn’t expect her to wake up and start removing her clothes claiming that she was feeling hot. “Look, I don’t think you should be stripping off in front of a male person, a stranger on top of that”. The tiny metallic looking dress had come off easily and exposed her attractive body. He got a sheet from the bed to cover her while not feeling as noble as Joseph when all his senses cried out run; instead he tried to salvage whatever strength he still had. The Michaels didn’t lose their control. They treated women with dignity, he thought. She was pretty and had nice curves. He had caught a glimpse of her full breasts and wondered how they would feel when he squeezed them. Chad was further shocked after managing to cover her when she burst out crying. This girl could definitely go into the extremes of emotions in one go.
“I am not attractive right, that’s why even my boyfriend dumped me” she wailed. “You are an attractive young woman; your boyfriend is an ass”. He comforted the wailing girl, out of depth on what to do. “I am Cynthia Caroline Knight, my friends call me Thia”, she sniffed. “Richard Michaels or Chad” he answered smiling hoping she would come to her senses and he would hail her a cab that would get her off his hands as soon as possible. By the way his mind was working; nothing noble was floating around at the moment. Had they also started spiking sodas? “Well Thia,” he cleared his throat as it suddenly felt clogged up, “You are beautiful”. He smiled at her which was rather a gritted grin since he could swear the devil was at work, putting thoughts in his mind. He suddenly had a flash back of porn images he once caught his roommate watching. Thia had calmed down for a while not even aware of the images that were floating through Chads mind. She innocently asked, “Would you date me then?” Chad hesitated as Thia was a stranger to him. She noticed his hesitation and started wailing again, “See you hesitated. You wouldn’t. I don’t deserve to be loved”. 
“Hush”, Chad comforted and tipped her chin with his finger. “I don’t know you Thia. I am sure you must be a good girl. I would date you if I knew you”. He answered. “Now wipe those tears off that beautiful face hon”. He whispered bringing a smile back to her face. She looked pretty when she smiled and the dimple on her left cheek made her seem more alluring. He kissed her on her tear streaked cheeks while his mind was sending ringing bells as a warning. He was as bad as the unprincipled college students he had imagined a few minutes ago. It was some minutes after when he tried to draw away from the inferno he had created from his stupidity. “Wait. I don’t have protection” he cautioned. Thia was on cloud nine from experiencing tenderness that she hadn’t experienced before. Rodney wasn’t that good as he pretended to be. This stranger was making her feel things she hadn’t felt with Rodney and she didn’t want it to stop. Her inhibitions were out of the window and she didn’t care about the consequences. “I am on contraception” she replied and pulled Chad back, letting him make her feel desired and desirable.

Chapter 7
Present Day
Thia was dreaming and enjoying what was taking place in the dream as she was turned over and she could feel her body melting like butter. She giggled as she felt Chads one day beard tickling over her already sensitive skin. Still groggy from sleep she managed to mutter, ‘it tickles’ and opened her eyes. She felt wonderful as she realized that the dream was not a dream at all. Chad nipped at her ear with his teeth eliciting a moan from her as he whispered about taking the kids to his parents’ house so that they could finally get their alone time together. From feeling hot and ready to abruptly leaving the bed and rushing to the loo, Thia retched and felt like her intestines were about to be cast out also. She got up and rinsed her mouth as Chad came to check on her and asked, concern evident in his voice, “Is everything ok hon”. 
“Yes it is, I am fine”. Before she continued, the phone started ringing and her husband went to answer it. After some moments, he came back, “Sorry hon, will have to continue this later, they has been a breakdown at the plant. Will you be fine?”
“Yes, I will be”. She took the towel and wiped off the water she had splashed on her face. She walked over to him and kissed him on the cheek before she took out his t-shirt and workable jeans. She lay on the bed and watched him dress. Chad left the room and she decided to sleep in as the kids were not yet awake since it was a Saturday. She was still wondering about her episode earlier and started counting her days. She rose up abruptly from bed in shock when she realized what she had missed before.  She ran to her chest drawers and searched for a pregnancy kit. It should be somewhere since she had bought an extra pack before. Praying that it would not have expired, she finally found it and went to the loo.
Five minutes seemed like an eternity as she waited. “No, no, no,” she screamed when she looked at the results and realized what she had been dreading. “It can’t be, not now.” She grabbed her phone that was on the side of the bed, immediately called Angel and barked, “Meeting, please get hold of the rest. Have no time to explain and I am coming over”.
“Rose sweetie wake up,” she called as she got into her daughters’ room, “wake your brother and get ready. How do you feel about spending your day at Aunt Dee’s place?” Rose was happy as she would have time to spend with the twins, Melissa and Melinda who she liked to boss around. A year and some months older than her, they always humored her and let her be their leader when playing. Then there was Cody who was the same age with Rob. She rushed to Robs room and yanked off his blankets before she screamed, “rise and shine little bro. we are going to Aunt Dees place”.
Thia was able to get them ready quickly before she could lose her nerve. As she drove into Diane’s driveway she was grateful when she realized that Diane was already at the door, dressed in a yellow sundress and ready to go. The kids rushed towards her and she greeted them both by hugging them before telling them where they would find the twins. She walked towards the car, still curious on Thia’s early visit. “What’s going on Thia is anything the matter”.
“Get in, will talk it over at Angels place”. Diane settled down and decided not to prob. It was another ten minutes of silence as Thia drove and finally they reached Angels flat. Angel was still in her pajamas as she invited them into the house. She hadn’t called Nicole as she was still in a delicate situation. Her first pregnancy was proving to be a bit difficult as she was forced to be on bed rest during their reunion plans; hence she never attended it at the end. Angel was on duty, so it was only Diane and Thia who had managed to go back to their former school. Angel settled down on the bed as the other ladies sat on the couch in her bedroom before she asked. “What is going on with you Thia that we had to meet this early?”
“Guys I think I am in a worse off situation now than before.” The two ladies sat back silent and waited for her to continue. “I think I am pregnant”, she finally blurted out. “Wow congratulations”, Angel squealed while Diane didn’t whoop with glee like her but had a quizzical expression on her face. “Dee, Thia, am I missing something here?” she asked after taking note that both her friends were not celebrating the good news. Thia was wearing a panicked look.  “Are you sure”, Diane asked Thia ignoring Angel’s question. “You could be mistaken”.
“I am pretty sure; I took the test before I called Angel” she replied. “It’s positive”.
“Any luck it’s Chads”
“No, we haven’t done that in three months now”. 
“Hello, guys, what’s going on”, Angel interjected confused and feeling excluded from the whole conversation. “I slept with Rodney at the school reunion”. Thia burst out. “I know I should have told you Angie, but since you hate being involved in such things I made the choice not to tell you”.
“You what!!” Angel shouted, shocked at the news. She hadn’t seen that coming.
“It was a mistake, I was drunk and all”. Thia defended. “Ya right”, Angie retorted, “and you knew about this”, she asked glaring daggers at Dee, who waved her hands. “Shoot me right. It wasn’t my place to tell”. She got up from the couch and stated, “I will leave you two together so you can discuss all the gory details while I prepare myself a cup of coffee. I didn’t get to have my breakfast after all”. 
“Make three cups”, Angie shouted to the retreating back and turned her focus to her dumb friend who she wished she could definitely box into reason. “Yes, you are right, I don’t want to get involved with this kind of crap, nevertheless you are my friend and we stick to each other in every season, spill it”.
***
Diane came back with a tray which had three cups of tea and some scones on it and was just in time to hear Angel advising Thia to take a second opinion from an OBG.  “You should definitely do that. You might be wrong”, Diane said as she gave the ladies their cups. “These are divine”, Thia commented as she tasted Angel’s scones. “First will rush over to the pharmacy, you like getting worked up over nothing, you do another test, then if it’s positive that’s when you can consult the doc”.
“Good idea”, Diane enjoined while Thia tried to calm her nerves by stress eating as usual. She took another scone from the plate and commented, “These are definitely tasty; you should give me the recipe”. The other ladies burst into laughter at Thia’s comment as they realized that she was stress eating like she usually did when push came to shove. Thia and food were tight friends when she was under some form of pressure.
Angel resignedly got up from bed and rushed to a pharmacy near her apartment.
“I feel like screaming right now. The wait is just killing me”. Thia stated as she paced around the room and waited for the results. “You remember that the next time before you find yourself in someone else’s bed”. Angel retorted sarcastically. “It was a mistake and I definitely regret that it even happened,” Thia looked at her sadly and managed to elicit a harrumph from Angel who did not believe her for a second. She learnt the hard way at College that Thia could twist things to her advantage and make it seem like she was the victim. Which cock and bull story would she pull out now pertaining to her night with Rod? “One minute you say you can’t remember anything, the next you say you regret what happened. Which is which Thia, did you cheat on Chad with Rod. No one will judge you. Just tell the truth and it will set you free” Angel said, glaring at her friend.
“You always think the worst of me. I didn’t, but Rodney insinuated we did,” Thia sulked.
“You better hope nothing happened girly or you will be saying farewell to your happy married life,” Angel bluntly stated, as usual not mincing her words. “Don’t you think I know that already” Thia nearly screamed. Why was Angel being hard on her? It took two to be in such a mess. “Why don’t you call and have the same chat with your friend and stop attacking me,” Thia retorted which brought a scowl on Angels face. “You are the woman who has to bear the child. You are the one required to think before you act. What’s wrong with you? Everything with you is always a mess. That poor guy who you dragged in your mess married you. But still you are not content. Chad was just the husband of convenience that you didn’t want but he was there for you throughout. He doesn’t deserve this”. She paused and gulped in more air, she was already tearing up as she said, “If I find out Thia that something did happen between Rodney and you, our friendship is over.”
“You can’t mean that Ang”, Thia whispered. Angel turned to Diane who was staring at her two friends argue and commented “I thought you warned her”.
“I did inform her that Rodney will be at the reunion and she didn’t mind. She said she had everything she wanted, wonderful husband and kids. How was I to know that she was still panting after the man?”
“Well we wouldn’t be having this conversation if you had advised her on the pros and cons of having an illicit affair”, 
“Guys, by the way I am still here” Thia spoke up as her friends argued about her.
“Just shut up”, they both said in unison and continued addressing each other. “Ms. LC taught us everything and still her daughter is the one with the most messes”
“Guys!!”
“Yes, what!!” Both ladies shouted nearly chopping her head off with the vehemence. “It’s positive”, Thia finally said. “Oooh Thia”, both ladies said in unison as she slumped onto the bed and wept. “I am sure Thia it’s not bad as it looks”, Diane comforted rushing to hug her. “We are left with the doc”.
“It will have to be on Monday”, Angie advised her tone sounding flat. Recalling how her friend nine years ago had told her nothing had happened at the party she had gone to after being dumped. She had lied again and the test read a different result from what she was saying. “The Doc will come to the clinic then” she explained.  “Can’t I just lie down and you check me out Angie”, Thia whimpered sensing Angel drawing back. Nothing happened that she could recall.
No Ang, don’t leave me, her heart cried as she looked at her friend who seemed disappointed in her. Angel was always her best, best friend among her friends. She understood her and she never judged her. Angel composed her expression before she stated, “It’s too early to tell”. She looked at a dejected Thia, the woman always managed to pull at her tender side, though right at this moment she was thinking of Chad and the kids, they didn’t deserve all this. She gave in and advised her to lie on the bed so she could examine her.
“It’s like they is a slight lump that I am feeling. It might be a cyst instead of what you are thinking as they can also read a false positive on a test. Further tests will conduct them at the clinic in a few days, so just relax. If nothing happened, there is definitely nothing to worry about” she comforted. “I wish I was you, at least I will not be having a husband to tell about my indiscretion. On that note I think its best I leave for home” Thia said, got up from the bed and walked towards the bathroom to wash her face. Her friends continued talking but she no longer cared on what they had to say. She hugged Angie who accompanied them outside as Diane spoke up; “I think it’s much better if I drive”. She shrugged her shoulders and gave Diane the key while she pasted a brave face before she waved to Angel. As Angel walked back into her apartment she contemplated on the other factors that might read a false positive on the kit and hoped to God that Thia was not pregnant. Poor Chad, she thought.

Chapter 8

“Where are we going?”  Thia asked when Diane used another route taking them to Thia’s house and not hers. “I think its best you spend some quality time with your husband. Let the children have a sleep over at my place”. 
“Do you think that I should tell him?” Already she was dreading the end of her journey. “You can always drive me to my mother’s place and I stay with her for a while until I find out everything on Monday, I don’t think I will be able to face Chad today” she whined. “No Cynthia that is a cowardly thing to do. You will look guilty when you are not. Nothing happened. Maybe it’s just you stressing over this whole thing that has made you sick, miss your period and go through the nine yards of early pregnancy symptoms.” It all sounded farfetched but that was the explanation she could come out with.
“How will I be able to look at him without blurting it all out?” she sobbed.  Diane sighed and drove the car further from the empty street before parking it. She turned to Thia and held her by her shoulders. Looked at her face intently and replied softly, “Listen to me Thia, nothing happened. You love Chad; you will never jeopardize your marriage over a two second sex stint”.
“Two seconds”, Thia giggled and Diane joined her. “Very typical is that all you heard?”
“I don’t know, I just feel uneasy about the whole matter, you advised me not to say anything the last time and now what I was dreading has happened and you still advice that I say nothing. Angel thinks I did it. She hates me. I could see her eyes were full of accusation”
“Angel doesn’t hate you. She worries about you, we all do. You are the crazy friend who lives daringly and we get to live that through you. Do you know what happens to those girls?”
“Nope, what?”
“They eventually grow up and realize what’s important. I don’t care what Rodney might have said, but I know you Thia. So put on those adult pants, chin up. Act the way you have always acted with Chad and forget about all this”.
“I hope you are right coz I don’t trust myself Dee. Right now I just feel that I am losing it all”
Dee hugged her as Thia sighed and was grateful to Diane who always managed to say the right things that one needed to hear. She was more of a nurturer ever since they were kids. Diane turned back to her seat to continue their journey. After they arrived when Diane was about to give Thia the keys she stated, “Take the car. I will hail a cab tomorrow when I come for the kids. Besides I am not going anyway today. I don’t think Chad is back yet from work”
“What time is your shift starting?” Diane peeked through the window as she asked the question. Thia was now out of the car, and since she hadn’t spotted Chads car outside she prayed it wasn’t in the garage. She needed time to compose herself. “Ten pm on Monday, at least I have time to sort myself out before that”. She waved to Diane as she drove off and let herself into the house still hoping that she would get the needed time to compose herself and be normal when she saw her husband.
As she came into their bedroom she nearly stumbled when she noticed that Chad was already there and sitting on the bed. “Chad, I didn’t expect you to be back so soon. I didn’t see your car out there. Did you manage to sort out the trouble at the plant?”
“Yes, we did”, he replied with a grin. She suddenly felt nervous and busied herself by removing her shoes and wearing her morning sleepers. “The kids are having a sleepover at Dee’s place, so it’s just the two of us for today”; she nervously giggled and moved towards him. Chad smiled pulled her into his arms before giving her a devastating kiss on the mouth. “How I have missed this, we have been so busy that we forgot about us”. He whispered. She made herself comfortable on his lap and enjoyed the feel of his hands as he stroked her shoulders and back. He was looking at her face intently and every word he was saying was normal, yet Thia wondered if her guilt was making his words sound as if there had a double meaning to them.
“The kids are not here to disturb us, so what do you think. Do you have anything special in mind to do while we have this chance?” She was already melting from Chads ministrations. “Speaking of kids, do you have anything to say”, he offhandedly asked while he continued stroking her shoulders as Thia’s muscles loosened up. She had been so tense over this whole situation. Diane was right, what she needed was quality time with her handsome husband and no thoughts at all that would take away their mood. “I love you”. She whispered. Chad groaned making Thia laugh. “Is that all?” he asked. “You already know that. What else do you want to hear?” She was giggling while at the same time she stroked his chest with her nails. “It’s you Mister, who has never uttered those three magical words, I love you. Has our marriage been that terrible?” She asked smirking at him.
“I don’t know, you tell me”. Thia immediately sensed a change of tone in his voice by that statement. She drew away from his lap and stood up before she asked. “What do you mean by that?” she could barely hear her voice, fearing the worst. “Let me rephrase it, can you please explain this to me my lovely wife the one who is so in love with me, has our marriage been a terrible one?” He pulled from his back the pregnancy kit with its two damning red lines. “It’s either you are four months pregnant in which I doubt since we decided to stop at Rob or what you are carrying isn’t mine” he stated calmly. Chad did not shout he always spoke calmly and never lost his cool. Even the first time she told him she was pregnant with their first child after their one night together. He had taken everything in his stride and they barely knew each other then.
“I can explain”, she mumbled almost chocking on her words. “I am waiting”. He threw the test to her and she managed to catch it before she moved away opting to settle on the couch instead. “It’s just a false alarm and I don’t remember anything happening between me and Rod”.
“Wait a minute, do you mean Rod as in your ex-boyfriend Rodney?” Chad bellowed. She squeaked and moved to the edge of the couch as this was the first time that Chad had ever raised his voice to her before she answered. “I swear nothing happened, I was drunk. I can’t remember anything. I found myself in his bed”. She wailed. “Thia why is it that you always find yourself in such situations of having thrown caution to the wind while drunk?” His big broad shoulders sagged and he suddenly looked dejected. “That’s not fair for you to say and I didn’t throw myself at him”, she said with conviction and received a scoff from Chad who stated. “You forget woman I know you too well, that’s how our first child was conceived”.
“If something had happened, I would have remembered like I did with you” she justified. Now she looked like the hurt and wronged party in all this, Chad thought. If he didn’t know her so well, he would believe her. Except he no longer wanted to be the second best in her life. For eight years he had tried by all means to prove that she made the right choice in trusting him with her life and all for what. Rodney still remained the guy she pined after and that she longed to be with, despite what they had built together. He stood up from the bed and Thia moved as far away as she could out of his reach. He sighed loudly at the fact that in all the eight years they had been together, she could think he will ever lay a hand on her. He moved to the wardrobe and put a few clothes in his bag. “What are you doing”, she asked concerned. “What does it look like I am doing? I am going to stay at our family house for a while. We will look for a way forward later. Right now I can’t even look at you”.
“But”
“No, enough Thia, or I will do something we will both regret”. Thia could see that Chad was seething with fury and barely holding it together, so she decided not to push. The sound of the door banging and almost coming off its hinges signaled the finality and end to her marriage. She slumped onto the floor and wailed aloud.


Chapter 9

9 years ago.
Thia had seen Chad a couple of times and she nodded or waved at him as they continued on with their lives. They agreed not to talk about that night as it had been a mistake for both of them. It was a month after when she started throwing up and felt like she was coming down with something. She missed her lessons in the morning as she felt worse for wear. Angel found her in bed and checked her temperature with the back of her hand. “What’s wrong Thia? You have been like this for days. Don’t you think you should go to the hospital?”
“I will be fine. It’s in the mornings when I am deeply affected and I will be back to normal after. Besides, you are here”. Thia said making Angel roll her eyes. “You know what Angie girl, one of these days your eyes will pop out from their sockets since you roll them a lot”
“Come-on get up”, Angel stated as she handed her a package. She was suspicious about Thia’s sickness and needed to be sure as Thia also had to acknowledge what could be her new reality. 
“What’s that?” she asked before opening the package and finding a pregnancy kit?
“You do not think I am……”Thia trailed off. “I always protected with Rodney, I swear…”
“Then they is no harm in testing”, Angel advised as she settled down on the bed and expectantly looked at her. She exhaled noisily and resigned herself to reading out the instructions before she got into the loo and peed. Thia’s life turned around in just five minutes. “It can’t be”. She wailed. “We were always careful. Unless…oh my God” Thia wept even more. “Unless what Thia? Angel asked confused. “The night of the break up, I hooked up with someone else”
“You what!!!” Angel shouted. “You said you spent your night with one of the girls at the campus and slept in her room. Thia how could you?”
“Well I was drunk”.
“Is that your excuse?” Angel snorted. “Then you have to tell the dude. Whoever it is who you hooked up with”. Angel was already having images of Thia having an orgy, maybe she didn’t know who the guy was after all. “It’s your fault also”, Thia stated hysterically. “Really is that what you can come up with now. Has the almighty Thia fallen to that extent that you blame others for your actions? Tell me how it is my fault”, Angel was angry at her best friend who she wished she could knock some sense into. “Well your contraceptives didn’t work,” she grumbled.
“If you remember correctly I gave you the condoms which you refused,” Angel shouted and looked agitated than the supposedly pregnant friend. “Enough of the merry go around. Get up and we look for the soon to be father.” Thia glared at Angel, “I can always get rid of it”, she sulked. So much for having a bossy friend like Angel, Thia got ready in the midst of objections.  It was break time when they got to the campus and she was able to identify Chad from among the fourth year guys basking in the sun since it was a cold day. Cold like how she was feeling at the moment. “Can I please talk to you in private?” Thia asked. Typical of college students they started whistling as Chad and Thia left,  moving further away from his friends and an Angel who was keeping an eye on her. 
“Chad, I ….I..” she stammered. Angel advised that she get straight to the point but she was failing. It was all a mistake and they had decided never to talk about it. Chad also had that beautiful long legged girl friend who he always hung around with. It wasn’t fair to involve him in the mess she had gotten herself into. “Thia is anything the matter?” he asked taking note of her discomfort. He at times wished he could get to know her better but her attitude was standoffish as she wanted to forget what had taken place. He felt responsible as he didn’t take what had happened lightly. He respected women and even one like Thia who might have been experienced deserved to be treated with dignity. She gulped down a few breaths and was about to speak when she felt the urge to puke.  She rushed to the back of one of the blocks away from prying eyes and threw up. She felt his hand on her back rubbing her creating a soothing effect as Chad at the same time handed her a bottle of water. “It’s a bit warm, but you can use it to rinse your mouth”. He advised. The bottle had been in his jacket as he had poured in hot water to ward off the chill.
“Are you ok?” He asked concern evident in his voice. “Can we please sit down?”  Thia asked as she moved towards one of the benches built around the campus. After settling down she blurted out, “I’m pregnant”. She was expecting him to shout, curse, react in a totally understandable manner but was surprised when he calmly asked, “Is it mine?” She was offended at his question. “Yes it is. I was always careful with my ex and it has been long when we even did it”. She replied. “Look I know this is a bit of a shock” 
“You said you were on contraception”, Chad remarked interrupting her from what she had been about to say. “Guess it didn’t work” she shrugged her shoulders trying to sound brave and unconcerned. “I think it’s best if I could just get rid of it. It will complicate both our lives and I am not ready to be a mother,” she lamely explained as she regretted letting Angel make her inform Chad. Why hadn’t she thought about that before? Lie to Angel about the result and get rid of it. Now her friend was standing further away from them, looking at her like a hawk and Chad seemed uneasy.
“Don’t say that”, Chad rebuked. “Children are a gift from God. How they are conceived doesn’t change that”. Great a godly man, Thia thought, as she felt more ungodly. “I don’t know what else to do”. She finally broke down and wept. Chad pulled her into his arms, hugged and comforted her. “Everything is going to be alright” he whispered as he rubbed her back. The news had shocked him. Damn he wasn’t ready for the responsibilities yet he knew he had to do right by her. “Promise me you will not do anything silly,” he said looking at her concern still evident in his eyes. “I feel terrible for dragging you into all this”. She mumbled. He chuckled and remarked “It takes two to make a baby. And I was as involved in the whole process as you were”. There were both more involved since in their night together they had had it more than once. So one couldn’t defend and say it was a mistake. He chuckled when he thought of his pastor who used to say, what does mistake mean? Would one have walked into a room and suddenly tripped over a penis to call it a mistake.
She smiled at the humor he had even in this case. Chad advised “We will talk further about the way forward; have to go back to class. You do the same”. He stood up from the bench and helped her up before they walked to Angel and he left the two girls as he went for his lessons. “What did he say?” Angel asked still concerned over the whole matter. Her friend might turn up to be a hit and run, if she wasn’t careful. “He said will talk”.

Chapter 10

Present Day
The doorbell was ringing and Thia wanted it to just stop and whoever was at the door to go away. She was relieved when it stopped and startled when her phone rang. She checked the caller ID and realized that it was her mother calling. She answered it, and before she could utter anything, her mother more of commanded, “Come and open your door, I am outside”. Linda was met by a teary eyed Thia at the door. She had been about to admonish her for letting her stand outside and ring her bell like a maniac before she answered it, but when she saw her, she couldn’t.  “What’s going on Thia, I just saw Chad driving like a lunatic some minutes ago as I was coming to visit you. Did something happen,” she enquired as she trailed behind her daughter and settled down on the couch in the living room.
Thia’s voice was clogged with emotion as she explained, “I messed up.” 
“Where are the children?” Linda looked around hoping she would spot them as they usually rushed to her whenever she visited. “They are sleeping over at Dees place. She thought it best if they stayed with her for today”.
“Huh, that serious then. What is this about?” Thia was tearing up as she told her mother the whole matter. There was a long pause after. Finally Linda smacked her on the head and stated, “What’s wrong with you girl. How could you be so foolish?”
“Mom”, Thia stared at her incredulously. She hadn’t seen that coming and was shocked that her mom still treated her like a teenager. She was rubbing her poor head and about to protest at this kind of treatment. “How did you arrive at the conclusion that it wasn’t your husband’s pregnancy”, Linda probed as she knew they was more to the story than her daughter suddenly getting uproariously drunk and throwing herself at another man. “Well it’s been four months since we were ever together”, Thia answered and got another smack on her head for that silly reply.
“Maaaa” she protested. “Yes, that’s for staying for a long time without doing your wifely duties. Don’t you know you will be playing in the devils court when you stay for such long periods of time without being intimate with your husband, I taught you much better than this”.  Thia scoot over away from her reach before she tried to justify the mess she was in. “We were always busy with work and the kids. We just didn’t have time for that. If we did, Chads phone would interrupt us and so…” Linda glared at her daughter and snorted, “You don’t wait for the right time. You make time”. She paused before she continued gesturing with her hands, “You will have to fix this. Whatever is going on in your head girly forget it. Rod is your past. Your present and future is with Chad and the kids. Speaking about the kids, I will get them from Diane tomorrow. They will stay with me. If you or your husband want some time with them, you will come over and get them from my place. Until you sort out your differences, I am not going to let them experience the confusion that you are trying to create. You hear me”. 
“Yes ma”. 
“No time” Linda muttered, “Yet you had the time to get it on with someone else.” What sort of reasoning was that, she thought. She got up from the couch and asked. “Have you eaten anything?” 
“In the morning at Angels place” 
“You should eat something” she advised, “let me see what you have in your kitchen”
“Ma I am not feeling hungry,” Thia said trying to dissuade her mother from cooking for her. She just wanted to be left alone to her grief, not having a mother nagging her on whether she ate or didn’t and if she even bathed. “You have to eat something, what’s the use of starving yourself?” Thia chuckled as it finally dawned on who taught her to stress eat, her mother. “My poor son in law, I wonder if he had a decent meal before the roof came curving in on him”
“Maaa,” Thia groaned, as her mother was shouting from the kitchen and ruffling through her things.
Her poor son in law did not believe her daughter and all she could do was wonder if he had eaten. Thia felt betrayed as she thought that her mother was always meant to be on her side. Linda made sure that her daughter ate and she was in good spirits before she left for her house.  She also advised her to not bunk the Sunday service but attend it with her kids. Never was she supposed to show the children that she and her husband were going through a rough patch. With that promise made, Thia slept with the expectation of seeing Chad again and a hope he would at least talk to her.
***
Thia woke up early in the morning and packed a few clothes for the children including their Sunday best. She had called a taxi, hence when he hooted by the gate, she was ready for him. He dropped her off at Diane’s’ place. Diane answered the door when it rang, concern evident when she took note that Thia was alone. “Morning Thia, how are you feeling today?”
“I am good.” Her kids rushed towards her and she hugged them. “How was your night”, she asked smiling at their beautiful little faces. “We played a lot of games with the twins”, Robert replied excitedly. The twins and Cody rushed into her arms also as they gave their favorite aunt a hug. “I brought them their clothes to change in.” She pulled the bag that was behind her. As she got into the house Thia was met by Joseph, Diane’s husband. 
“Ladies, you should hurry or will be late”, Joseph advised. “Hey Thia old girl, long time,” he uttered before he was dragged off by Cody and Robert. “Does he know” Thia inquired. “He doesn’t, how did it go yesterday thought you would update me when you got home. I’ve been worried sick; you were not answering your phone. Is everything ok?” They were walking towards the girls’ bedroom as Diane asked. “And what’s with the bag?” 
“Rose sweetie, can you take your dress and take your brothers clothes. I will be back to check on you. Did you hear what your uncle said, will be late. So hurry,” she advised her daughter before she turned to Diane. “Can we talk somewhere private”, she whispered. “Sure”. Diane led her to her husband’s study and shut the door. Thia turned to face Diane and announced, “Chad moved out of the house yesterday”
“What do you mean moved out of the house?” Diane asked confused since they had agreed that Thia would not talk. She settled down on the chair and Thia did the same. “He found the used pregnancy kit”
“Noooo, this can’t be happening”, Diane was now clutching her hands over the study table and Thia almost laughed as she appeared to be the one taking up her role and acting all emotional and crazy. “He said he can’t look at me right now, he believes that I am capable of cheating on him, he doesn’t trust me. I don’t blame him. Why should he, considering the way we got married”. By the time she finished the tears were already rolling down her cheeks and Diane was comforting her. “Hush, Thia, I am so sorry. Chin up. We have to go. I am sure Chad will be back home before you know it. This is just a small rough patch that you have to fix”.
Everything that followed was frenzied as they realized the time and how late for the service they now were. Thia got the keys and drove in her car with the children while Diane and Joseph were in their car. The service had already started when they arrived. Leading all the children to a bench, Thia counted them and almost panicked when she realized Rob was not among them. She was about to raise an alarm when she spotted him sitting on Chads lap. Settling down relieved she also diverted her attention to what the minister was saying.
***
When the service ended everyone filed out from the church.  A greeting to the pastor, the wife and the congregants was done as everyone came out from the church. It was usually a time  of meeting new congregates and also bonding with the old,  everyone in good spirits having been revived by the word of God.  Thia was taken aback when she spotted Chad swinging Rob and on his side as they approached her was Lauren his ex-girlfriend from college days.  She had last seen her 4 years ago.  Lauren looked as beautiful as ever with her tall frame that had now filled out. She should have been a model but she loved engineering or hanging around Chad,  Thia supposed, since it appeared to her that when she sniffed that they was trouble in paradise,  she was now swooping in to take over. “Thia long time, how are you” Lauren greeted.  “I am doing great, how about you?  Thought you were out of the country?”   
“I was. Just came back to sort out some personal stuff”.  Thia was already uncomfortable and the statement further raised her qualms as she wondered if Chad was the personal business that had brought her back. “Are you joining us for lunch”, she asked praying that she would decline.  Their Sundays where always spent at KFC with family and friends. The children loved the Sunday treat as they made use of the playgrounds and the gaming facilities provided.  “No darling I wouldn't want to intrude. It’s been nice seeing you”.  She answered and walked off with Chad accompanying her.  The nerve of the man leaving her with that other woman.  Diane was just in time to see her scowling at the retreating back of her husband.  
“Thia are you ready we should go.  You know the place is usually crowded on Sundays.  Everyone is waiting for us. David has gone on ahead to pick a table for us.” 
“By the way how is Nicole doing?” She had been so occupied with the events happening in her life that she had forgotten about Nicole. What a bad friend she was, who deserved an award of that nature. “Nicky is doing great; her operation is scheduled for tomorrow.  Just pop in and see her before you go for your checkup, she will really appreciate that”.  Diane advised. “I can't believe our Nicky is having a baby”.  She was grinning from ear to ear at that fact. Nicole was the romantic person in their group and always saw things through those lenses. Her proposal had been phenomenal as David proposed to her on a billboard at the stadium. Now she would find out that giving birth was rather a messy business.
“Come on, let’s go will be late.  Is Chad joining us?” Diane asked bringing everything that Thia didn't want to think about flooding back. “I don't know. He didn't say.  He is with Robert so he might be joining us”.  
“OK, great let's go”.  When they got to the parking lot, Joseph was gone and had taken Thia’s mom, Angel and Cody in his car. The twins remained in Thia’s car with Rose and Robert.  “Where is your father?” Thia asked hoping that Chad hadn't given up on the kids also.  “He went with Uncle Joseph” Rose answered. They arrived at KFC and as Diane had said the place was swamped.  The party that had left prior had picked out a table and they flagged to Thia, Diane and the children when they spotted them.  
“Where were you?  What took you so long?” Linda asked. As they settled down, Linda advised, “We took care of the orders”.  They didn’t have to wait for long as the men came with the trays full of burgers, French fries, the chicken, sodas, twisters and all.  Squealing the children dove in.  Easy conversation flowed.  The place was just abuzz with activity. After the kids had eaten, they scrambled off to the playground facilities making use of them as they usually did on Sundays. The men excused themselves and left the females to keep an eye on the children.  “That's very adult of you Joe”, Diane shouted as her husband, David and Chad skulked away. “Give them a break,” Angel commented “they footed the bill after all.  I am always happy for a free lunch”, she belched making her friends laugh. 
“I think it's time we got a husband for you”, Linda grinned and managed to bring a horrified look on Angels face. “Ma, this is the first time we have seen each other in such a long time and all you talk about is finding a husband for me”.  
“Yes, look at the ghastly manners you have suddenly developed. Belching in public”
Their afternoon was enjoyable as good conversation flowed. Towards evening when everyone was packing up, and they had ordered take away, Thia broached the subject to the children that they will be staying with their grandmother.  “Take it as a holiday treat”.   
“No I wanna be with you.  I want you to prepare my breakfast and take me to school”.  Robert announced. He didn’t get why he had to suddenly stay with his grandmother when his mom did everything for him including taking him to school. “Why can't we be with you and dad?” 
“Sweetie it's just for a short while”, Thia almost lost her temper at the way he was reacting. Rob was never a fussy child. “I wanna stay with you and dad”, Rob screamed causing a scene and making Thia feel helpless in handling it.  She looked up to Chad for help and he had already stood up from his seat. He plucked Robert from the seat and carried him towards the swings far away from peoples probing eyes. Rob was wailing harder and Thia was lost for words. “I am sorry.  He is never like that”.  
“It’s OK”, her friends comforted.  David had already left as he was rushing to the hospital to spend an hour with Nicole while Joseph had taken his kids back home. It was Linda, Angel, Diane and Chad who witnessed Rob throwing a tantrum apart from the other customers at the restaurant.  Rose looked sullen also among the adults.  “Come here Rose”, her grandmother advised.  “Let's go and see what your father and brother are up to”.  She got off from her seat and held on tightly to her grandmother’s hand as she was led off to where Rob and dad where. She didn’t understand much on what was happening yet she could see that her parents were not affectionate as they usually were and daddy after the service had accompanied his lady friend. She had seen how her mom had reacted when she saw aunt Lauren and she didn’t want them to argue. Hence when she asked, she told her that he left with uncle Joseph.
“I have failed as a parent”.  Thia covered her face with her hands.  Her girlfriends comforted her.  “Chill Thia, it will all be fine”.  Angel said. “How will I take them home?  They will realize that their father is not staying there.  Should I demand that Chad comes back for the sake of their stability?  Robert is already sensing a shift. He has never raised such a ruckus about going to moms place”.  
“It's best this way Thia”, Diane said.  “When you have sorted out your differences with Chad, you will have them under your roof in no time.  Did you manage to have a chat with him?” she asked. Thia snorted and replied, “The man barely looked at me”.  
“I am sorry to interrupt” Angel uttered, “but I have to report to work early in the morning tomorrow, so I have to get going.” She got up from her chair and hugged her friends.  “Wish I could be of help my friend, but just give it time”.   
“Thanks”, Thia watched Angel leave before she turned to Diane.
Do you think Chad managed to talk to Rob?” she was agitated.  As if right on cue, Chad came back with both the kids who looked happy.  They rushed to their mothers’ arms and Thia hugged and kissed them.  “I will drive them and your mom to her place” Chad said.  “They are fine with it”. “Thank you” she mouthed relieved. “You are going to enjoy being with granny right”, she hugged them before relinquishing them to their father.  He took hold of their hands and left as grandma was already in the car waiting.  She waved to Thia and Diane as they got into the other car. Diane asked her when they arrived at her place “Are you going to be fine?”
“Yes silly I will be” Thia answered with a chuckle.  “See you tomorrow and good night”
She drove away and could feel the tension ebbing away from her shoulders. Her day was finally over.  She had feared that she and Chad would not be civil to each other but they were.  She was getting a bit pissed off as Chad was ready to believe that she would cheat on him just like that. Especially on the fact that he was quick to move out without giving her a chance.  Didn't he know that he meant so much to her. She wasn't even aware on when she had grown to love him, but she had. Chad had been good to her and she wanted to be a good wife to him.  She was still drawing a blank when it came to the fateful night with Rodney apart from talking to him in the hall.  Maybe nothing was surfacing from her mind because nothing was there to think about.  Diane might have been right and all this was just a huge misunderstanding.

Chapter 11

9 years ago.
It was a Friday and Chad had called Thia so that they could go on an outing. He sounded all mysterious. She had given him the news on a Tuesday about her pregnancy and he never seized checking up on her and on whether she had done anything silly to try to get rid of it. Her lessons for the day ended before 10am and so had his. “Where are we going?” Thia asked, as they maneuvered through the crowds of people in the streets and came to the bus station. He advised, “Get in”. 
“Not until you tell me where you are taking me, I am not. You could be taking me to my mother” she sulked like a three year old and moved away from the bus that would take them to Crescentville. “THIAA” Chad barked, rushed towards her and grabbed her hand.
He glared at her and seemed a bit irritated by her childishness, “I am not taking you to your mother. The sooner we deal with this the better for both of us”
“What do you mean?” confusion mixed with relief was evident in her expression as she was scared of seeing her mother especially in the condition she was in.
He explained as he would to a recalcitrant three year old still holding her hands so that she wouldn’t dash off like before, “I am taking you to my parents’ place, we need to get married before you begin to show”.
“Whoa, who said anything about marriage? We are strangers who just happened to make the mistake of sleeping together”.
“Thia get into the bus.” Furiously looking at him she answered, “I don’t want to”.  She removed her hands from his grasp and stamped her feet. In no way was she going to be forced into getting married.
Tired of her childish antics, he commanded again, “Get into the bus” and she stamped her feet refusing to budge. He sighed noisily; picked her up and put her over his shoulder like a bag of potatoes. She squeaked outraged at the mishandling of her person. Men whistled while the women giggled. What happened to common decency and man helping out a woman in distress she thought? She wiggled and he advised, “Do not wiggle or you will soon be nursing a broken skull”. He finally placed her on the seat in the bus. When she was about to dash out, he clamped her hand. “This is not fair. Let’s be reasonable here” she begged, trying to sound calm. “Look Thia none of my family members have kids out of wedlock and I am not going to be the first one”. 
“But what about love”, Thea asked sulkily. For the first time Chad looked intimidating and older than her initial impression about him. “Really Thia? What about love”, his brow was raised enquiringly at her as if she was being rather obtuse by even asking about love. The nerve of the man, she thought. “Well I want to get married to a man who loves me”, she rolled her eye, which should be obvious enough. She was pleadingly staring at him as she asked, “Don’t you want to do the same? How do you think that long legged girlfriend you always hang around with, will feel. Don’t you want to marry her?”
“Right now what I want is not a priority” he replied with a chuckle. Thia was peeved and mumbled meanly “by the way you look old and have spinach on your teeth”. He just grinned, leaned on the seat and shut his eyes. She sighed and resigned herself to slumping on the seat and turning to look at the scenery through the window as the bus began to move.
***
Present Day.
Thia arrived at the hospital for the 6am visiting hour to check up on Nicole.  Expecting to see a fully pregnant Nicole she was shocked when she found her cooing and breast feeding her baby. “When did all this happen?”  She asked reeling from the shock.  ‘I thought you were scheduled for an operation at 8:00 a.m”. Nicole laughed and replied, “It just happened so fast, I guess when she heard the word operation she decided not to wait.” Nicole was looking at her baby with joy evident in her face. “Oooh cute” Thia whispered as she drew closer to the bed to mother and daughter. Nicole removed her baby girl from her breast, covered her up and handed her to her friend.   Looking at the baby Thia wanted to cry as she felt a deep longing for another child.
“It was like the scenario in Moses time”.  Nicole said with a chuckle. She looked fresh and well and Thia couldn’t see any sign of the struggles she had gone through in the months before the birth. “The first contraction I felt made me think I was dying. I called out to the midwife that I was giving birth and she must have thought I was joking because she kept on saying you are not, don’t force and push.  Too late, by the time she reached my bed side the head was already out”.  Thia laughing along with her at the same time said a small prayer of thanks for God's safe delivery of the child. “What’s her name”, she asked. “David likes the name Israel, since it's a girl we decided on Israella”. 
“That's great, baby Izzy”, Thia cooed. “You make me want to have another one” 
“Whoa I think I should rest for 10 years or so before I plan for another”.  Nicole retorted. “You think so; I remember thinking Rose was enough.  The next I was pregnant again.  It was my choice.  Chad thinks it was contraception that failed to work”, she laughed, when she thought over the fact that Chad wasn’t keen on having a do over with all the sleepless nights he had with Rose.  “But I had it planned out.  I wanted another child and no one was going to stop me.  There is something about the woman’s psyche that tells us to give birth because we just want that part of the man we love with us always”. Nicole was tearing up and Thia was concerned, did she say something wrong.  “Nicole is anything the matter”, she asked worried. 
“No, no, just being silly” she flapped her hands dismissively.  “Just saw the way your face lit up when you were talking about baby making, you must really love Chad”. 
“I do”, Thia answered easily. “I can see that the new mom is awake and already planning on having another child”, Angel commented as she came into the Ward.  She was dressed in her white uniform and cap while her feet were clad in brown stockings and comfortable brown shoes. She was reporting for duty and looked angelic like her name. “Morning ladies”, she greeted.  “Congratulations Nicky, heard you almost made the midwife have an apoplexy”, she stated with a laugh.  She took the child from Thia and cooed, “Who’s the fast one, and you are the buzz of the clinic.  Everyone is just talking about you” She joked before handing her over to Thia. She checked the charts, took some notes, changed the drip and left for the other patients. As she was leaving she whispered to Thia “Doc at 9:00 a.m.” Nicole’s husband and family came into the Ward, a noisy bunch of people as they cooed and celebrated over the child and the attending nurse almost threw them out because of it.
Thia still had time before she consulted the Doctor hence she decided to buy something to eat at the local Café close to the clinic. She excused herself from Nicole and her rowdy family. The weather was beginning to change and the mornings were no longer chilly like before. She held up her face to the sun and felt the sun’s warmth on her skin.  She was happy for her friend and hoped that this day would also bring her good news. She was one of the first customers in the café. She ordered tea and scones, sat quietly at the table by the windows and watched as the world stirred and people started moving around. She longed for her husband.  She wished he could have been there with her telling her that everything was going to be okay, even if the outcome was not favorable but that he would always love her. 
“Chad how I miss and love you”, she muttered as she imagined his handsome face sitting right across from her.  “I miss and love you too”.  Did her vision just talk?  She was shocked when she realized that it was really Chad sitting right across from her, clutching her hand.  When did he get into the Cafe?  “Hey” he grinned at her and handed her a tissue as her tears were already flowing. “Nicole told me that I will find you here.  Just came in from seeing the happy mother”.  Dabbing up her face with the tissue she was wondering on the embarrassing scene that had just played out.  Wait a minute, did Chad just tell her he loved and missed her.  She intently stared at him and he seemed to close up again, shutting off the fact that he cared and was hurting. He stood up from the seat and whispered.  “Have to rush to work.  Will you be okay?”
“Yes, I will be fine” she noticed for the first time that he was dressed in his work suit and his helmet was on his side. She watched him walk away and could not stop him from doing so. Every step he took filled her with grief of what she had let slip from her fingers. She was about to settle her bill when the waitress stated, “The man who was sitting with you already took care of that”. 
“OK, thanks” she said before leaving the cafe for the clinic. 
***
The forty year old virgin is here, she heard the other nurses’ whisper.  She had been waiting for forty five minutes for the doctor and it felt like an eternity.  Preliminary tests and consultation had been carried out by the nurse.  The nurse had taken a blood sample; she had a high blood pressure and body temperature checkup.  The doctor came into the consultation room and she found herself reeling with shock for the third time when she realized who it was. Luke, Rodney’s elder brother. He was wearing blue scrubs and a white dust coat on top of them. As usual the pocket on his shirt had different colored pens.
“Morning Mrs. Michaels, what's the story?” he asked winking at her well humoredly as he settled down on the chair. “Luke it's been such a long time” Thia managed to say. Could things get any more complicated than they were, she wondered.  “Yes indeed.  You were still in your nappies when I left”. Luke joked eliciting a chuckle from her.  “Very funny, I was in my first year at college”. 
“Yes, right” he scratched his head at the same time enjoying her company. He wanted a short reprieve before he could get down to business since he had started his day by making rounds throughout the wards and also discussing pertaining to the patients’ conditions with the interns and student nurses. 
Thia was still marveling at the fact that, now he more or less looked like their age mate, he hadn’t aged at all and still remained the slim and always quick on his feet kind of guy. “the next thing I heard was that you were married and expecting, I nearly thought you had gone to college to just find yourself a husband”, Luke remarked laughing.  Thia was giggling also, thirteen years their senior, he had seemed old and mature compared to them.  Luke had taken the responsibility of taking care of his young brothers at an early age when both their parents died in a car accident.  He had been twenty six years old then, Robin was fifteen and Rodney thirteen the same age with Thia and her girlfriends. Angel’s parents helped all the children and acted as their guardians as they transitioned to responsible adults. 
The nurse got in with the results and Luke perused through them.  He grunted and Thia wondered if it was a good grunt or a bad one. “What have we got here?” he asked unaware that he was causing Thia to feel faint and almost collapse in his presence. “Right” He placed the file on his table and Thia almost peed her pants by the way he was staring at her. She hoped it wasn’t that bad. “Do you want to hear the good or the bad news first?” He asked. “Bad please”, she whispered. He cleared his throat, “Well the bad news is that if you were expecting Richard junior, he hasn't been conceived yet.  You have an ovarian cyst that has been the cause of you feeling nauseous and throwing up, Pain in the abdomen and feeling bloated. The good news is that we can get rid of it you will be in good shape to plan for your other child.  So I will prescribe some medication for you that will dissolve it.  If it doesn't dissolve a surgery will be done to remove it”.  There was a slight pause before he continued “Nevertheless the results show that it’s not serious. The medication will clear it up in no time”.
“Are you sure that I am not pregnant”, Thia asked, still overwhelmed by the news.
Dr Luke regarded her with compassion in his eyes, “If you had planned for junior and were already buying toys and filling your house with baby stuff, sorry about that.  You are not”. If only he knew, she thought finally heaving a sigh of relief.  Doctor Luke scrawled out some notes and prescription in his usual doctors illegible handwriting before handing it to Thia. She had been rolling her eyes like Angel as he scribbled and thinking on the fact that doctors all over acted as if they had been taught by one person since one couldn’t read what they would have written down. “Thanks doc”, she said getting up from the chair armed with the prescription of drugs in hand.  For the past two days she had been imagining feeling the child growing,  and it was all for nothing.  The damn cyst nearly cost her, her marriage. She almost cursed as she left the doctor’s office.  Good thing she hadn't been able to get hold of Rodney or she would have murdered him on the spot. Wait until her mother heard on how she had blown things out of proportion again.  She deserved what was coming to her. When she got home, she was shocked at the mess in the house. Had she lost all hope and turned her house into a pig sty. She dressed up in her old clothes before she started cleaning up the house.  She decided to rest when she was done due to the fact that her shift was at night, which could be strenuous.

Chapter 12

“Hi my friend” Nicole greeted over the phone. “Did you see the daily news?” She asked before Thia could answer. “No I haven’t yet seen it, is there anything interesting?” She was dreading getting up to take the paper at the door. Chad used to do that and read it out loud to her after he had prepared a scrumptious breakfast and served her in bed. She felt a tear trickle on her cheek, before she asked, “Can you please read the interesting part in it”. Nicole chuckled and responded, “I think it’s best if you read it on your own. It will explain to you on why Rodney hasn’t been receiving your calls lately”. After hanging up, she slumped on the bed as that’s what she was getting used to, lazing around when off duty. Curiosity got the better part of her and she finally threw away the blankets and went outside. She picked up the mail on her doorstep and the paper. She opened it and right there on the second page was a beaming Rodney, standing next to a beautiful petite woman and a headline that shocked her.
Business Mogul Rodney Charles set to wed Jennie Jackson in August.
Thia was in a daze and wept for her family. How could she have been stupid? She hadn’t told Chad about the results and the fact that she wasn’t pregnant, giving him the space he wanted. It had been a month since Chad moved out of the house and she greatly missed him and the children. Her mother was still adamant about her taking and staying with the children indefinitely without a man in the house. Rather ironic as her mother raised her single handedly from when she was a year old. This Saturday the children were with Chad at their family home, enjoying without her as she wailed over a lost love and her lost marriage. The phone started ringing again and she answered it without checking on the caller ID. 
“Thia”, the voice from the other end of the line spoke bringing a huge wave of longing to Thia’s senses. “Chad” she whispered as her voice was suddenly clogged with emotions. “It’s Rob, he is not feeling well, can you please come over”. Thia promised to be there in ten minutes time and hurriedly prepared. Who would care if she looked terrible? Dressing up in a baggy pair of jeans she had kept from her pregnancy with Rob and a loose fitting t-shirt; she hurriedly left for the family house. As she drove in through the gate she noticed that Chad had made some changes to the place as she could see some small trees planted  on each side of the drive way. She rushed into the house and was shocked when she saw Lauren coming into the bedroom from the bathroom with a bucket of cold water and a mop.
“What the hell is going on here”, she yelled about to burst. She hadn’t anticipated seeing Chads old girlfriend in their house. “Hi Thia, Rob puked in bed. I cleaned him up and was about to clean up the mess”. She replied calmly as if speaking with a three year old. “Where is my son”, Thia asked to which Lauren pointed to the bathroom. Rob was in the tub as if nothing had happened happily playing with the bubbles. “Mummy, look” he exclaimed excitedly as he blew a few bubbles. “Hey sweetie”, she rushed towards him. “Daddy told me you were sick, are you ok”
“I feel much better after I threw up”. He blew another set of bubbles and squealed. “Come on tiger lets clean you up”. She stated with a chuckle as she sponged him and poured warm water on him. Wrapping him up in a towel she carried him out of the bath and went into the bedroom where she found Lauren had already cleaned up the mess and was getting done with spreading clean sheets on the bed. She appeared to know where things were located and it niggled at Thia.
“Where are my husband and daughter?” 
“There left for the pharmacy, am sure they will be here in no time at all” she gave a last tuck in of the sheets, strengthened up and smiled at mother and son. Lauren looked great in everything she wore. At the moment she was dressed in blue ripped three quarter jeans, black tank top complimented by ladies black sneakers. “Thanks a lot for taking care of Rob”, Thia grudgingly said. “I will take it from here. And will tell Chad that something came up and you had to leave early”. She continued. She could see that Lauren was about to protest but turned to her son who was now dressed in a fresh set of PJs, busied herself by tucking him into bed. She didn’t care for the woman and she wanted her to stay away from her family. Lauren left the room and decided to take a quick shower before leaving for her house as she was reeking of puke. Thia was in the kitchen preparing porridge for Rob, when Chad and Rose came in from the pharmacy.
“Mommy, you are here!!” Rose exclaimed and rushed to her. She hugged her mother excited that the plan had worked. Rob had gouged a lot of cake and threw up because of it. Thia hugged her daughter surprised at how tightly she clung to her. She finally straightened up and beheld Chad who had shaved his head and looked much more handsome than before. As he aged he became more distinguished, comfortable in his skin. “Hi Chad”, she greeted and went on to prepare the porridge before he could notice the longing she felt in her eyes. “Hi”, he answered back and put the medicine on the counter. Before he could ask, Rose rushed in with the question.
“Where is Aunt Lauren?”
“She has left sweetie. Something came up”, she answered and got caught in her lie as Lauren came into the kitchen dressed in Chads t-shirt and the same ripped jeans she had drooled over when she saw her. Even without make up Lauren was a sight to behold and Thia felt a bit jealous and envious of her. “I had to take a quick shower first before I leave”, she replied, smiling. “Sorry about your shirt Chad didn’t have anything to change into”.
“Its fine”, Chad replied, smiling back at her. Thia almost wished she could also throw up on both of them as her husband appeared to also be admiring the tall woman.
“Let me send you off. And thanks for your help with Rob”, Chad remarked totally ignoring Thia.
“No, no, no,” Thia sharply spoke making the two love birds face her. “You take this and feed it to your son. Your sick son, remember him”, she retorted shoving the bowl of porridge to Chad, “and I will accompany and see Lauren off”. Literally grabbing her by the elbow she waited for Chad and Rose to be out of sight and went on to accompany Lauren to the door.
“I appreciate your help, like I said before. But I don’t want to see you anyway near my husband”, she vehemently said expecting the woman to back off. Instead of taking the hint, Lauren laughed and calmly answered, “That’s Richards choice to make” before she walked off. Slamming the door and muttering under her breath on the nerve of the woman she stomped to the bedroom. 

Chapter 13

Rodney had hosted a dinner party to welcome and introduce Jennie to his family and guardians. Angel was present contemplating on using the opportunity to its fullest and getting the answers she needed. Rodney had been busy and she was failing to get hold of him over the phone. The wretched man ruined her friends’ marriage and all he could do was move on with his life and marry someone else. She hoped Jennie would hurt him the way he hurt Thia. Other family members started getting onto the dance floor including her brother in law who looked as if he would topple onto the floor drunk.  Angel looked at Luke and Robin, and settled for the more approachable brother, Robin. Luke could be a party pooper as he tended to look at her disapprovingly like a delinquent young sister.
She rolled her eyes and commanded “dance with me” before pulling Robin to his feet and literally dragging him to the dance floor. Urging him to move towards the young brother she asked for an exchange of partners and Jennie accommodated her. “Hey Ang, so good to see you”, Rodney stated with a chuckle as they danced. She glared at him and retorted, “It’s not good for me to see you. How could you hurt my friend like that?”  He was confused and asked, “What do you mean by that?” Angel drove in her heel into his foot nearly making him scream like a girl. He ground his teeth and whispered, “What’s that for”, before he pulled her aside. “What’s going on, I am still confused”.
“What happened at the reunion?”
“Huh, what did happen?” He shifted his foot away from it being stomped on and got a kick instead. “Ouch, Ang, you still act like a boy, guess that hasn’t changed”.
“Can we sit down, you keep your iron legs to yourself and we talk like adults, please”. He pleaded, dragging her to the table at the corner where they could have privacy but still be able to see what’s taking place in the room. “What is going on, I am still confused?” Angel stared at him suspiciously as he appeared to be completely clueless on what she was talking about, “You really don’t know” she flipped her fingers, “You and Thia at the reunion, your affair, her waking up in your bed”.
“My affair, whoa, what are you talking about”
“Didn’t you sleep with Thia” she shrieked and he looked around the room, good everyone seemed to not be focusing on the spectacle she was making. He whispered vehemently, “She slept in my room, I swear nothing happened. She was drunk; I just put her on my bed and slept on the floor. What makes you think I slept with her?”
Angel filled him in on what was happening and Rodney was gaping in horror by the time she finished. “It’s a very huge misunderstanding. I wouldn’t sleep with a married woman. That’s a low even for me. When I said it was sensational I was just pulling her leg. I tried to call back and she didn’t answer. Something came up at work and I had to leave early. I totally forgot about the whole thing. It’s just a huge misunderstanding”.
“What about the pack of condoms in your bag?” He rolled his eyes as Angel usually did, “Who was talking about them, the rationale Thia or the hysterical one? If she was rational she could have realized that the box wasn’t opened and they had long expired. I bought them when I thought I will get lucky with Jennie, such was my surprise when I discovered you had to work in order to get that. Instead of condoms I had to buy a ring”, he stated with a laugh. “Who knew they was something called secondary virginity”.
That perked up her ears. “You mean you and Jennie have not yet done the deed”, she asked pointing at him, incredulous at the news. “It’s none of your business but yes we haven’t slept together. The little widow said no ringy no thingy. I love her. So why not make it official”. Angel burst out laughing making Rodney uncomfortable. “Hush, everyone will start looking at us”. This all sounded hilarious to Angel as Rodney when they grew older bragged over having any girl he wanted. And to think the one he failed to take to bed was actually a single mother, widowed early in her marriage when she was eight months pregnant, was proving to be hard to swallow. He cocked his brow and laughed, “I thought it was the weird girls in your group who made such rules on staying chaste till marriage. Such was my shock. Enough about me, like I said it's all a big misunderstanding. Thia loves her husband. It was sickening the way she kept on talking about him and her two lovely children. She was full in her cups but still ooh boy could she talk on and on about her handsome, cool, honorable husband. She made me feel like a spawn of the devil”. 
“You could have cleared this misunderstanding before it got out of hand you know”. Angel retorted glaring at him. “You knew Thia would over react but you still played your prank”. 
“Look Angel, I thought nothing about it, because there was nothing to be misunderstood about our situation. You know Thia exaggerates things”
“Humph”, she snorted in an unladylike manner and didn’t care. “What a good opinion you have about her, considering you dated her”.
“I did date her yes. In high school Thia was the IT girl that boys wanted to date. Beautiful, charming, girl with class, so yes, I did. But in college things were now different. Especially with the water works going on. Some guys find that endearing, I didn’t. She cries at the drop of a hat. Please”. Angel was already laughing at the realization that Rodney was right when it came to Thia being emotional and crying easily. She was never in shortage of tears.
“But you did sleep with her right” 
“Yes, I can’t refute that. It was over the holidays before we started college. We were young and in love. A first for both of us so I can’t say it was perfect, more of uncoordinated movements.  At college things just became different, Thia wanted commitment and I wasn’t ready for that. Being saddled down and act all happy family like Diane and her husband. So as a coward I dumped her. I told her she was suffocating me, which she was by the way by asking for more than I was willing to offer. I still wanted to spread my wings before I could finally settle down”.
“You are a cruel man, Rodney” Angel chortled. Thia made it sound like it had happened more than once. Knowing Thia she would have shared that prior to the breakup. She might have been embarrassed if it was bad, that’s why she never spoke about the incidence. “I feel pity for the man she managed to catch after. Guess the tears worked. Ouch what’s that for?” Rodney pulled away his arms on the table as Angel had managed to pinch one of them. “Well you have to fix this”
“No, no ways am I getting involved?” Rodney stood up from the seat, about to escape. Angel threatened menacingly, “If you don’t, I’ll tell Jennie about it.” Rodney turned and scowled at her,
“You are a bully, you know that” and pulled her back on her feet before he led her to the dance floor and delivered her to his poor brother. Luke was tired of watching Angel go from one brother to the next and not look his way.  Grunting and moving with a purpose in mind, he asked for a dance before literally dragging her off and leaving a confused Robin in his wake. 
“What's going on with you”, Angel asked pissed off. “Nothing”, he gritted, “just didn't like the way you were throwing yourself at my brothers”.  Maybe if you had shown interest I wouldn't have to throw myself at your brothers, she thought but answered instead, “I didn’t throw myself at them and I don't like your tone”. Rebuffed and resigning himself to receiving one of her put downs he asked. “What are we doing Ang.? When are you going to put a poor man out of his misery?” She missed her step momentarily and resumed with the dance before she asked.  “What do you mean?” She couldn’t believe what she was hearing, could Ms.  LC's advice be that quick in resolving her issues with Luke.  Was Luke finally seeing her as a woman instead of a child?  “You must know by now that I fancy you a lot”. Luke said and watched Angel open her mouth as if about to scream.  Seeing that her parents, his guardians were looking his way as she gaped at him like a loony, he pulled her aside.  “I don’t know what to say”, she finally blurted out.  
“Angel out of words, huh, that’s a first” He stated with a chuckle, staring at her comical expression. “When I really saw you and the beautiful woman you were becoming, it was on your 16th birthday and you took my breath away Ang.  I was 29 and it felt like I would be robbing the cradle if I approach you then and make my interests known”.
“Whaaa!!” Angel screamed making Luke shut her mouth by covering it with his hand. “Do you want your parents to think I am doing something inappropriate with you? Rod even caught me mooning on your photo and accused me of being a pervert”. Luke continued. “Shame”, Angel finally said.  “That was so rude of Rod; I will deal with him if you want. He will never ever tease you again.” She was biting her lower lip and punching her right fisted hand into her palm while she uttered the words. Luke laughed remembering how Rod used to whine that Angel was a bully who always kicked him around. 
“What do you think?  Can we give it a try now that you are old enough and I can’t wait any longer and watch you throw yourself on my brothers?”
“Ooh you”, Angel said pinching him. “You really are such a boy Ang”, Luke remarked finally experiencing what Rodney was used to, the pinching and the kicking. “Anyway” he continued, holding her hands so she would not pinch him again, and shifting his precious legs in case they became another outlet for her boyish ways. “I have waited for you to achieve your goals, just put me off my misery, go for a few dates that will not make people raise their brows and marry me as soon as possible”.  
“I thought you would never ask”, she screamed leaping into his arms.

Chapter 14

Linda was having lunch with an old friend she had recently reconnected with online when she saw Angel and Chad laughing away as if they had no care in the world. “Is something wrong”, Percy asked taking note of how Linda’s attention was focused on the couple sitting further away from them, oblivious that they existed. “No, no, nothing is wrong”, she said as she chewed on her salad slowly and thought hard on what she was observing. Percy cleared his throat making her laugh nervously. He had signed up on a Christian dating site, that’s how he reconnected with Linda. His wife passed away five years back and his two daughters where married, which left him alone looking for companionship. They hit it off online and hence decided to meet. This was the first time they were meeting after more than forty years as their paths once crossed in college.
“Ok, you see that couple over there. That’s my son in law and that is …….”
“Great, let us go over there so you can introduce me to them and I finally meet your daughter”, Percy grinned when it dawned that Linda might be daunted by the task of telling her daughter that she was now seeing someone. Linda scoffed, “That’s not my daughter. That’s my daughters’ best friend”. 
“You don’t mean,” Percy was now rubbing his goatee before he commented, “they seem cozy together.” Linda waved her hands dismissively, “No, she wouldn’t do that to her friend.”  She didn’t want to think the worst. That was the bad part about single friends. If you over shared your husbands’ good and bad deeds unto them, they tended to swoop in and save the day by taking the man, Linda thought. Before she could opt to stand and walk towards them, the couple was joined by another person. She could feel the tension as it was palpable and could be cut off by a knife. Whoever the new visitor was, had Chad standing up with clenched fists and about to walk away. The visitor said something which made Chad turn back and take a seat and also glare at Angel.
Linda gaped at the visitor when she finally saw him clearly and realized who it was. Percy who was observing Linda’s reaction almost laughed as he placed his finger on her chin and shut her mouth. “Your ears must be itching to hear what they are talking about”. He said, feeling his first date ruined but not bothered at all as he realized that Linda to some extent was still the same. “Would you like to draw closer so you can hear what they are saying”, Percy asked. “No, no let’s talk about you.”
“Linda, Linda,” he smirked “Some things I can see haven’t changed. You liked a good story and I see one calling out to you right now”.
“I didn’t”, she said laughing. He held her hands and continued, “You were also a hell of a good listener. If one wanted sound advice full of wisdom, they just had to ask you”. 
“Shall we”, he asked standing up. “Don’t be absurd” she said. “I wouldn’t like my son in law to realize that I have been skulking behind his back to get a juicy tidbit”.
“Ok let’s do this”, Linda said when she realized Percy wasn’t getting back on his seat but was still standing. Wearing her scarf to cover her face, she nearly laughed aloud when Percy handed her some manly hard rimmed huge sun glasses. The people were in deep conversation and did not notice the old couple playing detectives, walking and settling at a nearby table.
***
Thia was preparing a light snack for herself when the doorbell rang. She was shocked when she saw Rodney standing on her doorstep. “Come in” she invited as he followed her into the living room. “What is this sweetie that I am hearing about, some drama in your home and I being the cause of it”, he asked. Thia was already irritated on where this was going. She was tired of everyone being on her case, “Well what did you expect would happen if my husband found out that I woke up in your bed after attending the reunion party”
“Thia darling, nothing happened”. Rodney said and the despicable man had the nerve to laugh. She glared at him and retorted, “What do you mean nothing happened. You told me our night was sensational”.
“I was just pulling your leg; I never thought that you had taken it seriously. Look honey if our night had been sensational you would have clearly remembered it. Now you are drawing a blank in your mind because nothing happened. We just talked”. Thia rolled her eyes as she thought on how Rodney esteemed himself highly when their one time together was less than satisfying and more of uncoordinated movements making the movies look more fluid, she huffed.
“So you can tell the old boy that he has nothing to worry about where we both are concerned. It feels great though, knowing that you have been thinking of me after all these years, especially after you hurt me by moving on so fast after our breakup. I never saw that coming”. He chuckled. “One minute I break it off and the next you are already married and expecting your first child, like I never existed. The only redeeming quality was the fact that we were in different departments and I didn’t have to see you playing happy family”. Rodney got up from the couch and walked towards the door, satisfied that he had cleared the confusion. “And the Pics”, 
“What do you mean the Pics”, Thia asked confused. “I know you never liked social media, but your husband did. I could swear he posted every stage of your pregnancy and after your daughter was born, it was always, grateful to God for my lovely family”, he said scoffing. Thia was already laughing at Rods peeved expression as she comfortingly tapped him on the arm. “Guess Chad was my knight in shining armor that saved me from the likes of men like you”. She stated. Thia was elated and felt like screaming after Rod left. She had been so consumed with guilt over something that hadn’t taken place. Now Rodney had cleared out the confusion, she and Chad finally had a chance of making their marriage work. Who knew that just one misunderstanding could be that disastrous? Her shift at work was in the afternoon; hence she would catch Chad then and talk to him. She missed her family and hated this forced separation. She knew Chad would come around. He always did what was right for the family. He might not have told her that he loved her in all the years they had been together but he was an honorable man who took their marriage seriously and wanted to please God in every way.

Chapter 15

Thia was feeling low as she had managed to catch Chad and talk to him. He seemed to be unperturbed by the turn of events and was not yet ready to talk about the way forward for their marriage. Angel had called and told her the good news about her engagement to Luke. Of all people Angel was getting married to Luke, the news shocked her that Angel kept such a secret from her, in that she has always fancied Luke and her mother told her how to trick the poor guy into finally chasing her. The joke was on him since Angel chased after him and made him feel that he is the one who chased her. Her mother should write a book, Thia thought as she again fell into her pity party. This time the children were with her and they appeared to be happy from what she could see. The doorbell rang bringing her to the present.
“Mom you are here”, Thia said, moving into the room. “And you look terrible my love”, her mother said, trailing behind her into the living room. “Thought you would be ready by now” she continued. “I was still deciding whether I should go or I shouldn’t. I don’t think Angel would mind if I don’t attend considering she knows my situation”. Thia replied, settling down on the couch. Her mother settled down and stared at her disapprovingly, “That’s rather selfish of you Cynthia Caroline Michaels. Angel has been your best friend and has stood with you through thick and thin. Now you plan on not celebrating with her in her good fortune. What kind of friend are you?”
“The friend who wouldn’t want to put a damper on the joyous occasion” she replied, feeling guiltier when her mother continued to stare at her. Linda waved her hands dismissively, “Ok, am not going to push you, you know your friend best. Where are my grandchildren so I peep in and see them for a while before going back? I am so used to having them with me. I miss them already”
“They are in the playroom.”  Linda heaved a sigh before she stated softly, “Remember this Thia that it’s rare to find a friend like Angel and even a husband like Chad who always wants to do the right things and does carry them out. Who was there with you when you found out you were pregnant and dissuaded you from even considering abortion? Who among your friends did you make your maid of honor and your children’s god mother? Who was willing to find out the truth about you and Rodney and dragged Rodney to meet with your husband and set the record straight”.
“What are you talking about?” Thia asked dazed.
“What the pregnancy issue”, her mother asked. “How did you know, did you gossip about me with Angel”, Thia asked getting a bit peeved at the realization. “You are my daughter Thia and Angel was worried about you. She told me about the pregnancy”. 
“But mom you never said anything about it”. She sighed again as if tired of the questions Thia was asking, “What was there to say? I was waiting for you to come to me Thia. You know I have always hoped that you would realize that I always have your best interest at heart”, Linda said resignedly. “All your friends Thia wanted and valued my advice but never you. Angel was the one who looked for my guidance the most, besides I am not that old and blind to have not noticed your body changing and the prompt wedding ceremony. About Rodney and Chad I don’t know the details but I saw the three of them in the restaurant talking. Chad was happy when he left the restaurant so I guess it was a good thing. He didn’t notice that I was there. None of them did”
“Mom, I am a terrible person”. Thia said. Her mother moved and sat next to her hugging her as she comforted her. “You are not a terrible person”. 
“Then why did Chad act as if he wasn’t satisfied when I told him that nothing happened between Rodney and I”. Linda chuckled before answering her, “My clueless Thia. Maybe Chad still feels that your heart is engaged and you prefer being with your ex than him. That man has gone through hoops just to prove that he loves you”. She stared at her mother, still not believing a word. “Chad loves me. No it can’t be. He has never said it. Apart from the day I was at the café near the clinic. Which I still think was my imagination playing tricks on me”
Linda rolled her eyes reminding Thia of Angel, “He might not have said it in words, but his actions show that he loves you. I have seen it in the way he also looks at you. And how he makes your favorite dishes just to bring a smile on your face”. Before Thia could refute what her mother was saying, Linda clapped her hands and managed to startle her. “Enough of the chit chats. Go and get ready. Your friend needs you. If it means you will smile through gritted teeth, do so. But I am not letting you miss her engagement”. She stated, being the pushover she had promised she wouldn’t be.  Thia hugged her mother and whispered, “Thank you ma”. She was feeling much better after the talk. Moving to the bedroom, she selected a dress and got ready for the party.
***
Thia enjoyed the party and shared the joy that her friend felt. Angel and Luke were both beaming and she would never have guessed in her wildest dreams that Angel was in love with the doctor and not the second son of the Charles family. Angel was always around Robin and her friends had concluded that she was dating him and was in a long standing engagement with him.
She let herself into the house and was shocked when she saw Chad sleeping on the tiny couch in Rob’s room, while both kids lay on the bed. She carried the heavy Rose, hoping she wasn’t making noise as she walked towards her room and tucked her into her own bed.
“Ooh mom”. She whispered to herself guessing that the old lady called him to baby sit. Chad looked uncomfortable on the couch. She took a pillow and made him more comfortable, covered his body with a fleece and left for her room. She got into bed and fell asleep instantly as she felt exhausted from gyrating on the dance floor. She woke up scurrying for the loo as she suddenly had a terrible urge to pee. She had drunk a lot of juice during the party. Though she was not wide awake she was forced to rush to the loo because of the sudden urge. Literally becoming relieved and groaning out loud as she peed, she was shocked when she was done and opened her eyes to see Chad in his birth suit, toweling his head and wearing a crooked smile on his face.
“Chad, I am sorry, wasn’t aware you were in the shower”. She blushed.  She flushed the loo and scurried away from him, fearing he would notice she wanted to ogle at him further. “Hope you don’t mind,” he stated as he came down the stairs to the kitchen where she was preparing breakfast. She had been day dreaming and he nearly caught her doing so. “Mind about what” she asked, moving around the kitchen. “The bathroom, didn’t want the kids to budge in when I was still bathing that’s why I used ours”. She shrugged her shoulders. “It’s your house Chad. You can do whatever you want”. She handed him a cup of coffee, their fingers brushed accidentally and she found herself blushing again. What was wrong with her? What was happening to her? This was Chad her husband, the one she had been sleeping with for 8 years and sharing everything with. Why the sudden shyness, covering up her lousy thoughts with a cough she asked, “So what are your plans for the day?”
“I was planning to sleep in. Finally took the much needed leave from work”. He sipped at his coffee. That word again ‘sleep’ sent her mind to imagining things they could do on the bed. She made up her mind. “I was planning on taking out the kids to the park and we have a picnic together, you are welcome to join”.  
“I would like that” Her husband has always been a good sport, has she been that blind to even recognize how he wanted their marriage to work more than her. He could have said he would rather spend time with his new girlfriend but instead he was joining them. Thinking of Lauren, she asked. “Are you not going to invite her so she could come along?”
“Why would I do that?”  Chad asked perplexed. “Well I thought since you were now together she would want to get used to being around the kids”.
“Is that what you want”, Chad asked starring at her, his face dispassionate and not revealing anything else. “Well it’s not something I want but whatever makes you happy am willing to flow with it”. 
“Ok that’s great. Let me give her a call”, Chad said getting up from the table.
“Bu….” Thia faltered. Why did she have to blurt out the first things that came into her mind? She had anticipated just the four of them having fun as a family and now that long legged woman would be joining them. “Is there a problem?” Chad asked turning back to face her. “No it’s nothing” she whispered and watched him leave the room.
Chapter 16

Thia was dreading seeing Chad with Lauren. What a stupid thing to ask, why did I ask about her, Thia chided herself as Chad and the kids started singing in the car making her feel sick with their happy mood.  At the park the kids were more than happy in choosing a spot and laying out the blanket and the basket with the food. “They are here” Chad said as he moved away from the blanket to greet his friends. Gaining the courage to face Lauren, Thia turned and was shocked to see Lauren holding a three year old baby girl with a man who she thought seemed familiar. She stood up to greet the new arrivals, still wondering what was happening. Lauren did the introduction, “This is Theo my husband, and my sweet angels name is Melisa”.
“You are married”, Thia nearly screamed to Laurens confusion. “Yes I am”  
“How are you married, when did all this happen” Chad laughed and pulled Thia to himself who was acting like a mad person about to chop Laurens head off. “Forgive my charming wife,” he said with a chuckle. “Lauren has been married longer than us Thia. She got married immediately after high school to her high school sweetheart”.
“Am I missing something here”, Lauren asked laughing at Thia’s antics; she still wondered how Chad had managed to survive all these years with a dramatic Thia. “I thought you and Chad were more than friends”.
“Which Chad are you talking about? Are you really talking about your husband who is crazy about you?” Lauren asked looking at her friend horrified by Thia’s assumption.
Theo enjoined and stated, “My wife also happens to be head over heels in love with me, why would she go after your husband”. Thia was at a loss of words until she saw a twinkle in Theo’s eyes and realized he wasn’t offended but pulling her leg. Chad whispered in her ear, “You always blow things out of proportion. I wonder how I love you and can’t get enough of your antics”
“Really”, Thia asked eyes wide open, not realizing that Lauren and her family had moved towards their children and the kids were now playing with Melisa. “Do you mean it”, she asked tearing up and Chad chuckled, brushed off her tears before swooping in to kiss her. “I do love you very much,” he whispered taking her back to the day he made his vow to always cherish her till death do them apart.

Epilogue

“You know I still can’t believe that you are getting married to Dr. Luke”, Thia commented to Angel as they sat outside on the porch of her family house, while the children played on the grounds. The men were chatting and could be heard laughing as they barbequed the meat. “You better believe it sister”; Angel chuckled while Diane cooed at baby Izzy. Nicole was dozing on the chair, happy for once that she had someone tending to her baby. “Our twenty nine year old virgin, how did you manage it?”  Thia asked, shocked as she had concluded that Angel might have lost it during the phase when her friends where getting married. “I just took your mom’s advice”
“Humph”, Thia snorted at the same time rolled her eyes. “You should try it”. Angel continued as she winked at her. “By the way even when I waited and delayed, I still found my virgin man”. The baby gurgled as if aware of Thia’s reaction whose eyes and mouth were now wide open. Diane laughed and commented after observing Thia’s reaction, “Be careful or a fly will get into your mouth”. Thia shut her mouth and looked accusingly at Diane, “So you knew about this and you didn’t share”.
“What was there to share?” she asked, winking at her. “Luke has always been the butt of everyone’s jokes. Am surprised you haven’t heard how he has been addressed as the forty year old virgin”.
“I thought it was all part of a silly joke and they was nothing more to it”
“It wasn’t” Angel replied. “Well shame on your core workers Angel and Luke seemed to take it in his stride”. She continued. “Why wouldn’t he take it in his stride?  He is proud of having waited. It will just take him a second to be just like any of the guys but they will never be virgins like him. Besides at least he doesn’t have to go through the drama that you went through”, Angel remarked winking at an outraged Thia. Thia Tsk Tsked as if disappointed and remarked, “I feel pity for you since you still have to deal with the scheming Rodney as your brother in law. Who knows, you might end up waking up in his bed also and he paints a magnificent picture about the whole thing. I can’t believe he could lie about such a serious matter”.
“Rod is not all that bad, and he didn’t lie. He was willing to talk to your husband when he heard about the misunderstanding his joke had caused.  And besides he is not the only one to blame for all this, you are partly to blame, with your over imaginative mind”.
“I am not”, Thia retorted indignant at her friend for thinking that about her. “Shall we ask your husband about that?” Angel asked looking at Chad who was approaching them with a tray full of barbequed meat. “Hey honey, this is for you ladies”, he said, placing the tray on the table and giving Thia a kiss before he left. “You wouldn’t dare”, Thia almost screeched after observing Angel about to call Chad back. Angel shrugged her shoulders and picked up a piece of juicy meat on the tray. She looked at Thia having thought of another comeback, “You should thank Rodney for his bad joke; he made you realize what you had”   Thia harrumphed as her friends grinned and nodded at that sentiment.  “I wonder how Chad is able to put up with you. I would be having grey hair by now”. Angel said
Diane handed baby Izzy to her mother Nicole, who grudgingly took her back. Plucking a piece also from the tray she said, “His already gray. Why do you think he started shaving off all his hair?”
“That’s so mean”, Thia sulked. Nicole decided to breast feed baby Izzy and join in the feast as her mouth was already watering. “Well who else do you want to be mean to you apart from your three best friends whom you can’t do without?” Nicole asked. “We are your voice of reason”. 
“I love you girls”, Thia stated as she munched at the meat and elicited laughter from the ladies. The children could be heard in the background gladly feasting on the meat also while the men chatted on.
The End

Thank you for reading The Inconvenient Marriage. I hope you enjoyed Thia and Chad’s story and I would appreciate it if you would help others enjoy this book too. Guess what, the story is a stand-alone yet connects with other books, so it will not be a surprise to meet our characters again in another book though their appearances will be brief. Please help other readers find this book by recommending it to friends, readers’ groups and discussion boards. Please tell other readers why you liked this book by reviewing it on Smashwords or wherever you buy books.

Excerpt of A Risky Venture
Prologue
“You what!!!!” Aurora shouted nearly bursting Yvette’s eardrums.  Yvette covered her ears dramatically and rolled her eyes as she stared at her best friend who looked more agitated than necessary. “Before I die from the sharp daggers coming from your eyes can I at least explain?” Yvette implored wryly as she settled down on the couch and patted the spot next to her. Ro exhaled noisily, exasperated and resignedly sat next to her.  “Tea,” Yvette offered as she busied herself with pouring it into the tea cups. The short reprieve helped her contemplate on how she would phrase her story. She was in love but she knew that her best friend wouldn’t understand. She felt comfortable with Jesse, he was easy to talk to and for the first time she didn’t feel the hibby jibbies when he touched her.  
“Well I followed your advice and joined the dating site...” Ro scoffed at that and stated, “I expected you to meet people, not to throw yourself at the first man who befriended you.” Yvette looked affronted when her friend said that. She was always the blunt one and never a mincer with words. “He wasn’t the first man to befriend me; I don’t get why you are being like this when you kept on insisting that I put myself out there for the finding. Vee you should be open to possibilities, how do you expect to be found if all you do is work and not play at all. Now someone ‘found me’ and you are not happy about it.” 
 “But I did not advise you to get married after a month of chatting with the man.” Ro interjected as Yvette showed three fingers when she said that.  She scowled and gritted out, “As if three months makes it any better. Who is he? Do you know where he comes from? His family? He might be crazy or a serial killer from all we know.” She looked disapprovingly at her friend, cancelling out the serial part since her friend was alive and kicking, sharing her good news with her. Vee took a sip of the tea that suddenly tasted bland to her tongue before she softly replied, “As you know, he attends the same church with us meaning he is a believer, tick. He is into charity a double tick as it shows that he is a generous man. He likes the same things that I like which is a bonus” she was flipping her hands as she spoke which further irritated Ro. Yvette was always squeamish when it came to men and now apparently she was leg shackled to one. “Babes where is my toiletry bag, I can’t find it anywhere …oooh you have a visitor,” Jesse abruptly halted when he noticed the lady seated next to his wife on the couch.  “Hieeee,” Ro gushed as everything fell into place. The sneaky Yvette had failed to tell her one important aspect about the man, he was dishy, handsome, aah; she was too old to find the right vocabulary. He was very good looking. The shirt he was wearing tautly stretched against his biceps. For a happily married woman she was already drooling especially when he smiled and two dimples appeared on each cheek making him even more charming. “Hello, sorry to have disturbed you”, Jesse apologized as he eyed the beauty next to his wife again. She looked familiar.  
“It’s ok, this is my friend Aurora” Yvette introduced. Jesse shook Ro’s hand and grinned again, revealing those two dimples. “She happens to be happily married to our deacon by the way,” She continued with the introduction after observing her cold friend having thawed and almost turning to steam instead as she drooled at her husband. She hoped Jesse wouldn’t get offended by Ro who was still ogling at him. That’s where he must have seen her, at the church conference, Jesse thought. Rescuing her husband from the handshake that had gone on for a while, Yvette advised, “Check for the toiletry bag in my vanity case.”  Finally Ro got her voice back, “Hmmmm, what’s the hurry for, why don’t you let me get to know your husband first,” she giggled like a school girl. “Some other time, it has been nice meeting you.” Jesse replied with a grin and left for their bedroom.  After he left, Ro turned to look at her friend. “It’s not what you are thinking” she stated with a laugh. “I didn’t marry him for his looks.” This was her first time seeing her friend all of a sudden agreeable, nodding as if she had solved the answers pertaining to hunger in the world. Yvette was attracted to his looks when she saw his profile picture on the dating site, but as they chatted she got to know him. If he wasn’t good looking and still possessed the same personality, she would have married him on the spot. Ro sat back more comfortably and asked, “How old is he? And what does he do for a living.” 
She nervously laughed before she replied, “Twenty five and his in between jobs, don’t you think the worst. I can see that look; you think I have been sucked in hook line and sinker.” 
“You said that not me,” Ro replied with a shrug of her shoulders as she sipped her tea. “I hope for your sake he really is a good guy.” Yvette sighed relieved as her interview with her best friend was over. She really wanted the two people she cherished to get along. Ro was contemplating on informing her husband to look into Jesse’s history. If he was a member of their church, then he would definitely find something. She gulped the last bits of the tea and stood up. “Well I have to go. Make sure you bring that hunk of a husband to church tomorrow” She advised. Yvette chuckled not believing for a second the sudden change in Aurora. Some minutes ago she had been ready to toss her down the drain after she found out that she got married. She accompanied her outside to her car and watched her drive off. “Is she gone?” Jesse asked coming into the room and settling down next to her before he pulled her to him. “You are such a superhero. Letting me be skinned alive and showing your charming self after” She chortled. “It worked right,” Jesse retorted as he pulled her away from him to stare into her beautiful eyes. “I saved the day after all” he continued to say. More like he saved his skin by presenting his cute self to her friend. She swatted his arm when he stated that. He was the free spirited one in the relationship while she had to think of the technicalities and intricate details of relationships. Right now she longed to be as spontaneous as she had been when she agreed to marry him. 
She shook her head negatively, “You didn’t save the day. You came in when I had already handled the matter,” she retorted hotly as she got up from the couch. Jesse pulled her back to his lap and started tickling her. “Please stoooop,” she shrieked as she couldn’t take it anymore. “I will stop when you admit that I am your super hero. Me Tarzan, you Jane” He insisted, laughing along with her. “I giiiive up,” she managed to utter amidst the peals of laughter. “Yooou Jane, me Tarzan” she chortled as he continued to tickle her. “Don’t act smart.” She tried to pull away to no avail until she conceded and finally said, “You Tarzan, me Jane,” and was relieved when he stopped tickling her. There was a slight pause before he spoke in his baritone voice. “You know, I love you right.”  
“Ha-ha. You are just a sucker for older women.” He pulled her back in his arms before he whispered. “Yes, older women are sweet; especially when they pretend to not be from the same generation that I am in.”  He swooped in for the kiss that managed to make her body melt. She definitely was going to enjoy married life.

Chapter 1

One month later.
Yvette was confused at the turn of events and didn't want to think further on what she had overheard. Her supposedly new husband was not what she thought he was. He had tricked her. Everything was all a lie, absolutely everything about him. She thought about her best friend Ro and how apprehensive she had been about her marriage. She was right after all; no charming knights in shining armor existed. Only people who manipulated situations to their advantage did.  "Stupid, stupid girl," she mumbled berating herself as her lovely world suddenly came crushing down, and to think for once in her life that after a long time she had learnt to trust again.
Could a person be that uncaring and mean? Was it possible that such people even existed? She had been so wrapped up in a bubble that she never thought her life would turn out the way it had. She had been staying with Jesse for a month and quite enjoying being married to him, off course apart from the few quirks he possessed which irritated her to no end, like the fact that he was always living the toilet seat up, the dots of urine as if he would literally shake his junk instead of wiping with a tissue. Aaah man. Nonetheless he was perfect in everything else; he could prepare a tasty cheese omelet, had a knack of making mouthwatering desserts and could kiss her till she felt she was experiencing heaven on earth.  Jesse was startled when he saw Yvette as he came into the living room. Did she overhear the conversation he was having with Arnold? He wondered.
“Hey honey is everything ok,” he asked as he moved towards where she sat, kissed her on the cheek and knelt before her, placing his hands on her thighs. She cleared her throat and managed to mask her hurt feelings by smiling. “Everything is fine thank you. Let me go and prepare our supper”. She got up from the couch suddenly loathing his touch. It was after she realized her husband was sound asleep that she called her friend and wept at her bad luck. She was barely coherent when she spoke hence Ro promised to come over early in the morning and ordered her to sleep before she hung up. As promised, Ro arrived around 7 am when Jesse was leaving for work.  He had been so happy when he got hired on a full time basis at the Daily Report and was writing articles he loved. Greetings were made as Jesse kissed Yvette on the cheek and left.
“Hey Vee what is going on?” Ro asked concern evident in her voice. She settled down next to her on the couch, curious on what would have caused Vee to have a change of perception. “I think I need an annulment”. Yvette finally whispered and slumped onto the couch, looking defeated. “Why, thought Jesse was the one”. Ro probed sarcasm evident in her voice. “I was wrong and you were right. I am sorry I didn't listen to you, you know much better. I should have listened to you and I wouldn’t be in this mess”. 
“Oooh Vee”. Ro whispered as she moved towards her and gave her friend a bear hug. She couldn’t stay mad with her for long and besides Jesse seemed to be good for her. She was no longer skittish around men and also seemed to be confident in herself.  “What did Jesse do to make you change your mind?”
“I don’t think Jesse is a Christian”. Ro feigned being shocked eliciting a laugh from her. “Just because a brother quotes a few verses from the good book doesn’t mean his one of us. I told you to give me time to find out more about him, but you were in looove and you went ahead and got married. One month Vee. What’s there to know about a person in a month?”
“Three actually”, Yvette defended as they got back to their argument that they had before; when she informed her that she had married the guy she met online. “I chatted with him online and he seemed to be a great person”. Ro was already rolling her eyes, feigning boredom, yawning as she explained. “Don’t you know people lie about themselves, especially on social media?”
“Well I was honest about myself”. She sulked and huffed at how her usually head on the shoulders, rational friend wasn’t taking her matter seriously.
“The ever honest Vee, you have to catch up fast girl. So what did Jesse do apart from him not being a Christian that has you wanting to annul your marriage?”
“Well I was a bet that went bad.  He married me so he could win his silly bet”, she wailed. “Hush love I am sure it’s nothing like that. What silly man would marry a person just to win a bet?” she retorted. “The Jesse kind,” Yvette replied. Sighing out loud, Ro advised. "Just see how it goes.  Remember marriage is not something to be taken lightly. A month ago you were confident in him and your love. Go back to that position. About him not being a christian, you know you can stay with your unsaved husband if he wants to. But if he doesn’t you will let him go. Relax, take it easy and see what he is planning". Vee knew Ro would say that, but she wasn’t ready to hear it. Just one rash decision had brought her to this point. She was barely able to look at Jesse ever since she found out that all this was a joke to him. “Aaand if you hate his guts, just drone out everything else, as in everything love,” Ro stated gesturing with her hands and head as if pushing aside all the stress and pressures of the world, “and keep on staring at his handsome face. You will definitely not stay mad with him for long” she giggled. Yvette laughed along with her, when she was meant to be serious and blunt as she usually was, that’s when she joked over the situation. “I hope the deacon will not see you drooling over my husband and divorce you on the spot.”
“Not in a million years sister. Who else would he find who can take care of him the way I do?” she countered as she was confident that none of that could ever happen at all in her life time. Yvette giggled at that fact as she suddenly had a flashback on how Adam looked when she first met him. She nearly thought he was a hobo and not the software engineer he was. His shaggy dreadlock which was definitely in need of a cut strengthened her assumption. Ro cleaned him up and before long ladies who never looked his way twice were crazy about him, except he only had eyes for Aurora. They dated for a year and a half before they finally tied the knot. Aurora wanted Yvette to experience the same love she had and hence advised her to join a dating site since she appeared to be skittish when she chatted with a real person. Having a virtual relationship was meant to be a test run to make her comfortable with chatting with men, except she met Jesse and fell in love with him. When they met it didn’t take long to drag each other to the court and get married. She hadn’t even met any of his family members. Her grandmother used to term what she just did as paper love. Quick to be fanned aflame and quick to burn out. She could be screaming now in heaven just as Yvette was, for the fact that her granddaughter turned out to be so crass.
Thank you for reading this sneak peek of A Risky Venture.


Excerpt of Finding a Husband for Cissy
Prologue
Linda was on a date with Percy and was distracted as her attention kept on straying to the couple seated a bit further away from them. The girl was giggling like a teenager while the boy smiled and stroked her hand. “Is there something bothering you?” Percy asked taking note that he had been talking to himself for the past five minutes. “No nothing is wrong,” Percy looked at Linda with disbelief evident in his eyes. What exactly was bothering her, he wondered. She was known to be a good listener and one not prone to letting her mind drift.
“Do you agree to it then?” Percy asked with a grin on his face as he knew fairly well that Linda hadn’t been paying attention. “Yes I do, it’s perfect,”
“Right…… they is no time like the present old girl, let’s go, I wouldn’t like it if you changed your mind before we accomplished anything.” Embarrassed Linda asked, “Will you please refresh my memory on what we have been talking about”. What had she agreed to that had made Percy happy all of a sudden.“You just agreed to marry me old girl”, Percy replied. Linda opened her eyes and mouth wide in confusion and Percy found himself putting a thumb under her chin to make her shut her mouth. Laughing he stated, “It was a joke”.
“You naughty old man,” Linda giggled. Percy took a napkin on the table and wiped his hands before throwing it into the empty plate. His date was turning out to be something else, which he didn’t mind at all. Just being in Linda’s company took away his feeling of being lonely. It had been five years since his wife died and he felt it was time to marry again. Men rarely stayed for such a long time before they moved on after the death of a spouse and he was surprised that he had stayed single for that long. His two daughters where safely married to men who adored them and had two children each. He loved being call paw paw and whenever he visited them he always made sure he carried candy with him, which irritated his two daughters as the children tended to be hyper afterwards. 
Looking at Linda who was still wearing a frown over her beautiful face, he still wondered on what was going on. At sixty nine Linda was still beautiful. A few wrinkles graced her mouth showing she laughed a lot and her eyes that usually showed mirth where tinged with concern at the moment. “So are you going to tell me what is wrong?”
“Nothing is wrong”, Linda answered. Seeing the disbelief on his face she added, “Nothing I can’t handle, can you please excuse me, I need to visit the ladies”. She got up and left for the loo, which was situated at the back of the restaurant. Passing the couple that seemed oblivious to its surrounding, she snorted and continued. When she was returning to her table she made a detour to where the couple acting silly was. “Cecelia, how are you doing”, she greeted bringing the girl to a sudden awareness of her surroundings as she gasped and snatched her hand from her male companion.
“Aunt, how are you?” Cissy was already seeing the scene play out in her mind, and she contemplated bolting out of the restaurant, but noticed that her aunt was standing in the way blocking her escape route. She was agitated and was wishing for a person who would rescue her from an aunt who appeared to strive on making a person uncomfortable. Suddenly the restaurant that seemed to be abuzz with people going about their business appeared to be focused on her. To her line of thought, they were already sneering at her blatant behaviour and betting over the embarrassing scene and who would win in the contest of humiliating the other. For a second she thought the restaurant was quiet, that one could actually hear a pin drop. She could see her aunt’s mouth moving, but her words weren’t registering. Thinking back to how Linda would embarrass a person with her straight talk like Judge Judy on telly, she shook her head and cleared it off the cobwebs, managing to catch what her aunt was saying. 
“How are the children doing?” Already the sweat had gathered on her brow and her hands where clammy, her cute date with a dimple on one cheek was looking at her curiously as if seeing her for the first time. “They are fine,” she gulped. Could somebody please help her, her mind screamed. “You are on child number what by the way?” Her aunt probed as if she didn’t know the answer to that. This was an embarrassing situation and her eyes kept on straying to her date that seemed to have frozen on the spot. Say something; her mind goaded him. “Three, aunt,” she managed to choke out, making her date open his eyes wide in disbelief. Of course they hadn’t come to that fact yet as they talked. It’s not like barring her soul on the first date was going to make her commendable in any way.
“And you, what’s your story young man, are you not the one I saw whistling to some teenagers a while ago before you came into the restaurant?” Opening his eyes wide, Dave grunted and cleared his throat by coughing. Picking up a glass of water to drink, he looked at the old woman, literally glaring at her and wishing she could disappear. His friend had recommended Cissy to him and he had been quite enjoying her company, flirting and contemplating how he would get her into bed. He was out for fun but now that fun had turned out to be having three kids in tow. Ticking in his head to never take his friends suggestion, he kept silent and watched Linda turn to his date again. 
“What are you still doing here?” Her voice was tinged with surprise as she thought her niece had left when she turned to her date. “Get going you can’t be here on a date while your mother is left taking care of your brood”. Linda shifted from her path and Cecelia scrambled from her chair, relieved that the ordeal was over and walked out leaving her date to his fate. Whatever Linda would advise the man, would surely make him not ever contact her again? Sighing she walked towards the supermarket that was directly opposite the restaurant and bought the things her mother had requested. 
***
Cecilia opened the gate of the house and could hear the children making noise from where she was. The house was a five bedroomed single story ranch style home. Her parents had steadily built it during the years. From a two roomed to what it was now. As Cissy walked towards it, the ruckus being made by the children was getting into her nerves as usual, yet she was forced to deal with it and accept it for what it was, her lot and fate in life. Contemplating going back into town, an image of her aunt flicked in her mind as she had a feeling that her day was already cursed and she might bump into her again. 
Thinking back to the embarrassing scene, she prayed for God to just take her away. The old hag was a nuisance to her peace of mind. Was that even necessary for her to point out that she had children to take care of? It wasn’t her fault that her relationships hadn’t worked out the way she anticipated. Her parents didn’t help the matter at all as they had proven to be good at taking the bride price and hoping to God that Cecilia would not come back home after another failed marriage.
“Cecelia you are early” her mother spoke softly as she watched her slowly climb the steps to the house. Could the woman grow some kind of backbone please, Cissy’s mind screamed. At least stamp her feet and not take her in every time she ran to her when difficulties occurred. Her mother was dressed the way she used to when at home. She was wearing a black t-shirt and a wrap of printed material on her head and as a skirt. Taking note of how old she looked and yet content, she wished she could be like her and take life at its stride. Her mother was still married to the man who had married her at the age of eighteen yet her children seemed to make a mess of their love life. Sister Catherine was working from outside the country where she was now living with someone else after divorcing from her first husband. Her two boys had been left with granny to take care of.
Ralph had also sent in his brood of three boys, hence all grandchildren in the house totaled to eight. The house seemed to be crowded at times especially when children from her uncles and aunts visited. Snorting Cissy replied, “Your sister met me in town and decided to ruin my date, is they a corner in which I can go and get away from her interfering ways?” she glared at her mother, as if she was the one who had embarrassed her.
“Ooh Cissy you should be aware by now that Linda has always been like that, she looks out for everyone,” her mother chuckled. Cissy rolled her eyes at that and gritted out, “Yah right, the educated aunt with the huge houses and businesses, you think that all things that she does and even when she talks, it’s the voice of the Almighty speaking.”
“You are just being silly,” wiggling her finger in her face, her mother continued to ask, “Did you manage to get the things I asked for?”  Handing over the paperback with bread, butter and a box of tea bags she wondered where her mother thought her money was coming from, since she hadn’t been employed in a long time. All she did was pen out a list of the supplies she would need. Everyone thought her life was simple as she was at home. But it was far from that, she felt trapped and was still treated like one of the children in the family. How she would give to just be in her own home, except she had messed that up again as she usually did.
The children were still making noise on the grounds of the house so she followed after her mother into the house. “By the way I told her about your need for a job and she said she was willing to hire you for the holidays to work at her house as a maid, you will stay with her and she will give you good pay.”
“Who are you talking about ma?” Cecelia asked feeling as if she was getting the end of the conversation to all this.
“Your aunt of course, who else? She had called and informed me about what happened.” So, her mother knew about the incident but she had feigned being surprised when she arrived back early from her date. Her mother was oblivious to have been caught in her act. Placing the supplies in their places, she settled down on the chair.
“And now she offers me a job of a cleaning lady,” Cecelia finished for her mother. “That’s just degrading. Is that all she thinks about me. That I deserve such a lowly job.”
“Beggars cannot be choosers Cissy; you have to think about the children.”
“Well the children will be out of your hair mom, don’t worry about them, their holidays are starting soon and their fathers will be coming to collect them. You will only have to deal with Brother Ralph and sister Caroline’s children”. Cissy took out a pot from the shelf and poured water into it. She wiped its base before she put it on the stove so she could prepare their supper. “Still it’s a good opportunity,” her mother tentatively suggested, “Linda said she will pay you extra as you will have to take care of her grandchildren.”
“Where is Thia, did she finally run away with another man?” Cissy chuckled thinking of her cousin who used to be a troublemaker when they were kids.
“That’s uncalled for,” her mother chided. “She and her husband finally took the much needed vacation,” her mother explained. “They have been busy in their careers and they have decided to take a short break from it all.” Rolling her eyes, her mind drifted off to Thia who had it all. A handsome husband, beautiful kids, nice house and cars and a good job to boot. Thia was the lucky one, she had it all, and to think they were of the same age. 
“I wonder why we even made you do a course in early childhood development when you are not even using the certificate”, her mother muttered looking at her disapprovingly. That was unexpected and Cissy felt she might lose her best ally, if she didn’t do just the least and agree on working for her aunt. “Ok, ok, I will go”. She raised her hands in defeat, already dreading being in the presence of her aunt. The holidays where starting next week hence she wouldn’t have to worry about her children as their fathers would be getting them, so staying with her aunt would not be a problem.
“Are you serious Cissy about this”, her mother asked beaming. She had asked her sister to talk to Cissy, maybe her stay with her aunt would be good for her, and she would finally open up and say what was going on in her mind. She was really worried and feared that Cissy might get into far much worse trouble than she was. She loved her daughter and she never cared on how other people perceived her. Cissy wasn’t a light skirt like everyone claimed. She was broken, something happened to her in her marriage with Samuel that made her change. A switch just went off in her mind which to her mother’s thinking was what was causing all this.
“Give your aunt a call and tell her you are coming, in case she got someone else since you delayed to do so,” she advised. Cissy rolled her eyes. When would that have happened since her mother had just informed her when she came in? Talking to her aunt while her feelings where still smarting wasn’t the best. But in order to humor her mother she called her nonetheless.
It was just a light and short conversation. Cissy would start work on Thursday next week. Rose and Robert where meant to stay with their grandmother, her aunt from Saturday as the parents were set to leave then. Sighing out loud that the talk wasn’t awkward she got up and prepared supper.

Chapter One
Cecelia was with her aunt at a thrift shop as they went through some second hand clothes.  Looking at the old woman pick clothes at the top of the pile, she rolled her eyes and decided to dig into it.  One could find good clothes if they just dug deep, especially ones still new and with their tags on them. “Cecilia what are you doing”, her aunt laughed when she dove into the pile. Kneeling on the floor, she could hear the children run around the huge shop and the other customers’ haggling over the low prices. Typical, she thought. People forgot the concept of a thrift shop and literally wanted things for free. 
“Aunt you are just picking the bad stuff on top.  If you want the good clothes they are usually deep inside this whole rubble”, she explained. Still kneeling on the floor, she reached deep into the pile and brought the clothes on the surface to look at them. If there was one thing she was good at. It was selecting good second hand clothes. Chuckling at the fact that during the days she stayed with her aunt she realized that she wasn't all that bad, and for her to have included her in a project of picking out clothes to those less fortunate, it made her suddenly feel all squishy squashy on the inside.  No one had done that in a long time.  Seen her and how handy she could be.  She was enjoying being with her niece and nephew also, who were well behaved compared to hers.  Her aunt had remarked that Thia was the disciplinarian in the home, which she doubted. The Thia she knew cried at the drop of a hat.
Whether happy or sad the tears would be there. That is why as children Thia would get away with anything. She was the last person to be suspected by the elders of any mischief, especially when the tears rolled on her sweet face and she denied being the culprit. Her other cousins including Cissy would bear the brunt of it all. Therefore, to imagine her spanking any of the kids was hilarious.  Since the day she left for her vacation with Chad, Thia made sure she would video call over whats app and chat with the children. She was enjoying her holiday and glowing.  Cecilia suspected that when she came back from the holiday she would be expecting an additional member into her family. Lucky, lucky Thia, she thought.  She was enjoying with her life partner whereas Cissy girl was digging through second hand clothes.  
Getting to the job at hand, she squealed like a child when she brought out a batch of clothes that still had their tags on.  “Good Lord, girl”, her aunt crooned making her laugh.  “Bring the batch here so I select the clothes properly,” she motioned, settling down on her chair.  
“Tired”, Cissy asked concerned, eliciting a harrumph from her aunt.  “I am not that old” she remarked. At 69, her aunt was indeed spritely and full of life.  Their afternoon was spent going through the pile as the children enjoyed the excursion.  Rose was dressing up while Robert ran around with his chest puffed up. Linda had commented that her son in law told Robert to take care of his grandma, since he was the man of the house before leaving for the trip.  Thus the puffed up chest every time he walked.  After they were done Linda ordered supper at Chicken inn and explained.  “You must also be tired from the work, so I can’t trouble you with cooking today”.  Grateful over her aunts concern, she smiled in appreciation.
Carrying the purchased clothes to the car while the children trailed behind, Cecilia wondered why she had an attitude before where her aunt was concerned.  Could she have been that jealous of her achievements and secretly wanted her life instead of the one given by her parents. Linda was the talk of the family, how she liked books and went on further with school than the rest of her siblings.  How she also married late and divorced.  Her other aunt and uncles claimed that Linda was such a man, how could she be able to keep a home, that’s why her husband turned out the way he did. Only her mother seemed to admire the success of her younger sister and did not fault her in her failed marriage. Cecelia to a certain extent related to her aunt, especially on the fact that her second marriage had been somewhat verbally abusive.  That chirping away of ones being tended to result in a person thinking they were really what their partners viewed them to be, useless.
She couldn't do anything right. They had a baby girl named Amanda who she would send to her mother’s place so she could manage her duties without giving the excuse that she couldn’t get anything done. She was a slob, she was slow, and she couldn't dress properly.  All that yapping, hacking of her character hence it wasn’t a surprise when she acted out what was believed of her.  Her retreat mechanism when things went bad was always to sort for male attention.  That had been an embarrassing situation for all parties concerned as she was caught pants down with another man in her matrimonial home.  
Neither talks nor negotiations on reconciling where made. She was out of the house before she could cry foul.  That was a low for her. However, that didn't stop her from pursuing this marriage concept.  She needed a place where she could belong, where she would feel safe.  And a man who would look at her as if the sun rose and set on her.  Not one who would point out her faults as if he didn't have his.  Then came in the third marriage with the man she had been caught with pants down.  He rectified the matter by marrying her and they went on to have a baby girl together, whom she called Amyra.  Her history was a hindrance to the family as they kept on pointing out how she came into his life.  She was hated and alienated by his whole family as they treated her like a plague.  Her new husband couldn't even defend her.  It was as if everything was her fault.  Instead of making it work, she did the same thing expected of her, cheated on him. Chuckling when she thought about her life she realized that throughout they was always that Knight in shining armor waiting at the helm to pick up where the other man failed.  They was always a man that entertained her and that she could run to when she felt pushed to the wall. Sighing, Linda looked at her before she continued looking at the road as she drove.  
“Is anything the matter love”, she asked concerned. “Nothing,” she replied, “Just taking introspection of my life”.
“Hmm, as long as your introspection doesn't lead you into deep waters that you can't come out of.  Just put the light of God in focus of what you will see pertaining to your life”. 
“You know Aunt the way you talk about God and how He wants to be involved in our lives baffles me.  Where was this God when I was going through my first divorce, when I failed to bear a child and I was replaced just like that?” snapping her fingers, she continued, “Where was this God when I finally had a child but was verbally abused that I was never good enough until I sought the attention of another man”. She let out a laugh, “Can you believe Leo said he always knew I would turn out this way. Good for nothing, he called me.  Where was this God when I got married to my third husband and his relatives hounded me like a pack of wolves out for blood?  When I was loathed, hated and treated like the scarlet woman.  
When I fell pregnant again in the midst of all this confusion and again sought another man.  Charles even doubts that Charles Junior is his son, even after I have explained that I was pregnant already when I went to Johnny.  Everyone thinks that each child has a father, when in fact two of them are from one man”. Linda harrumphed and answered.  “God was always there with you.  You just shut yourself from that fact. He can't intervene in our lives unless we allow Him to.  He gave us the will to live our life the way we deem fit. Hush now will speak further when we get home and the kids are in bed.  It is all going to be all right”.  She smiled, understanding evident in her eyes as they drove into the gates.  The children rushed with the food into the house, while Cecelia carried the clothes from the car.  The next day would be a busy one as she washed and ironed the clothes before they sent them to church. 
Rose and Robert were rather noisy today, reminding her of home, as she realized that they had only been well behaved the first two days when they met her.  Now as they were getting used to her, they were becoming more free and loud at the same time. Giggling, she put away the clothes and prepared the plates before heating up the food in the microwave. “Dinner is ready”, she called out and the children rushed into the kitchen, her aunt trailing behind after taking a shower. “Good the kids should eat first before they bath and go to bed. I wouldn’t want them to fall asleep without having eaten.  My daughter will be on my case when she finds them lean and no longer chubby”.  Laughing along with her, Cissy remarked.  “I think she will be too busy thinking about the one she is expecting, she will not notice.  Didn't you see how she glowed on camera and it totally has nothing to do with the outdoors”. 
“Cissy you are such a naughty girl.  You should get your mind checked,” her aunt advised. The children having collected their plates were eating in the living room as they watched TV so Cissy wasn't bothered by speaking that way with her aunt. “You wanna bet”, she asked.  “Thia is coming back with a slight bump”. Linda humoring her said, “OK.  I just have Thia’s words to back me up.  She said Robert was the last one”.  Pausing, she looked at her niece who was taking a sip of soda. “What about you?  What are your plans on the man front?”  Her aunt asked almost making her choke on her soda. Cissy coughed and slowly replied, choosing her words, “Nothing, you ruined my opportunity on that front”.  Cissy was disconcerted when her aunt burst out laughing. 
“You mean that small boy, darling he was after sex and nothing else. He is younger than you by far.  Where do you think your relationship would have led to, huh? Marriage?”  In the sixty nine years she had been on earth, it still baffled her how humanity tended to do the same things over and over again whilst expecting a different outcome. Though at times it appeared that they were a few exceptions to that, but generally the outcomes would be the same. Especially when it came to older women dating younger man, the percentage of cheating tripled. King Solomon was right when he said that they was nothing new under the sun. “Am I not right,” her aunt continued, “How old was that boy?”  Grudgingly she answered, “Twenty five.”
“And you are thirty. The older people have let you down so you decided to try the younger pool”, Linda smirked as she concluded her reasoning.  Cissy was slightly offended by her aunt who kept on laughing. The more she thought about it from her aunt’s perspective; she ended up joining in the laughter, as she realized that the relationship had been doomed from the onset.  She was thirty, had three children in tow while the person was twenty five, and had no children.  What would stop him from going after girls his own age when he got his dues from her?  Then there was the whole family aspect that she would have to deal with.  It was just too much drama which she apparently had a knack of inviting in her life. “I see what you mean by that”, she grudgingly concluded.  The kids where done with their supper and left the plates in the sink while they went to bath.  Picking up the plates on the table in the kitchen, and mixing them with the rest, Cissy started washing them and continued with the conversation with her aunt, “Well it's hard for me to have the best picks of men walking around especially with my very colorful history”.  
“Therefore, you just take whatever comes”, her aunt completed the sentence for her, as she wiped off a few tears that had fallen during her bout of laughter. Cissy shrugged her shoulders and answered, “Yes.” 
“You are doing it all wrong.  You should have some rules set in place and keep those children in mind.  You are a mother and even when dating you should put that as a top priority that you need a man who will be there for those kids”. 
“Well their fathers are there to do all that”, she answered. “So you will be fine with it if the man didn't like your children and wanted nothing to do with them”.  Her aunt asked, a bit taken aback by her nieces’ views.
“Well if you put it that way it sounds bad” she interjected, “I just never thought like that before, that’s all”. 
“Hmm”, sighing out loud, her aunt continued, “I at times think your mother is also the problem.  She should let you kids deal with your issues and not act favorite granny when you bring your children home.  You have no sense of parenting as she took care of that role for you. So you still think like one without any responsibilities.” She snorted, “Your father also with the way he is ever ready to demand a bride price, I wonder how he doesn’t grow tired of it.” Both were laughing out loud at that fact. Her father would make outrageous demands as if Cissy was getting married for the first time. “I think your mother should let you stay and suffer with those kids then you wouldn't give birth to them so fast.  At least your legs will be locked up and the key thrown far away when you get into a relationship”.  Her aunt was just something else.  How was it even possible to be in a chaste relationship when you had three children to show that your legs opened up fast in that area. 
“I just think it's not practical aunt.  You know these man need to have their needs met.  If you don't, they go for someone else.” 
“Huh” her aunt scoffed at the notion, “So are you suddenly mother Teresa who has to meet the needs of mankind. Where is the decency in all that?  If a man can't wait and do the right thing by you before you start servicing his small head, then he is not worth it. Sweetie you are the price.  Not the man.  You have to make a man work for you, in pleasing you not the other way”.  She crooned.  Cissy settled down next to her aunt after she was done with the dishes and hoped her face didn’t look incredulous at what her aunt was saying.
“Well it's easier said than done”.  Cissy tentatively replied. The era that her aunt grew up in was different from theirs.  They had courtships and marriage, and a low percentage of children that grew up outside wedlock, including a low divorce rate. The men were responsible, providers, protectors and lovers to their families. Her mother was an example of that. She was seventy two and she had been married for fifty four years to the same man. She gave birth ten years later after getting married and her husband didn’t replace her like Cissy was in her first marriage. He remained faithful and with her, regardless of her not bearing a child in those years. She finally fell pregnant ten years after and gave birth to a bouncing baby boy they named Lucas.
Their joy was short lived as he passed on at the age of two in his sleep. They were a number of miscarriages and finally Caroline was born.  Caroline was now forty and had two teenage sons who stayed with her parents. Ralph followed three years down the line, two miscarriages and finally Cecelia. Chuckling she felt that her aunt was just being old and senile. Her, the price, hilarious. The men in her era were the price in this whole dating game.  They had the huge selection to pick from.  It would take ages for her to be noticed if she waited for a man to approach her. Besides who wasn't sleeping around these days?  People had open relationships and marriages, three somes, formed swingers clubs to show how depraved humanity had become. Someone was sleeping with someone’s wife or husband and all that, including a few people who professed to be men of God.  Therefore if they could fall that far from the tree, what were mortals like her meant to do?  Be pure, and how would they do that?  
Not all people where lucky like Thia and her girlfriends who appeared to have it all together.  The normal people like her, had to settle and were meant to be happy if a guy just smiled at them and said hi.  They appeared to be less of good men around and more of the riffraff. Being a woman was just hard, as where one failed, one seemed to do successfully with that same man that would have been cast aside. “Ok so tell me,” her aunt remarked, “What do you look for in the men that you date?” This conversation was getting more awkward. She heard a bit about her aunt being something of a motivational speaker to young growing women, and now she could sense she was about to get a dose of that. “Well the man has to be handsome, good to look at you know”, she shyly replied, as she looked at the kitchen table and not her aunt. At the same time hoping that she would not take her for a shallow person who went after handsome men. “Having a stable job and income, single of course,” she finished. Suddenly her ideal man qualities appeared to have dwindled as she could recall that there was a time when her list was longer. Recalling back to one of Tyler Perry’s shows she had seen on telly, she suddenly realized she was turning into the lady who just asked for one requirement. That the man be breathing.
“It’s not a bad list, her aunt commented, “At least yours sounds much better and realistic. Besides beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.” She winked. Cissy realized that her aunt caught on that she might be embarrassed over the fact that she had a weakness for handsome men. “It’s better than the ones I have heard, like a person who makes more than six digits, who owns a mansion, looks like Dwayne Johnson and owns a Lamborghini, never the less let’s try to beef it up”.

Thank you for reading this sneak peek of Finding a Husband for Cissy.


About the Author



For as long as I can remember I have always wanted to be a writer. At an early age I used to love listening to my sister reading aloud for me. All the adult women in the family loved reading romantic novels and hence I was always scolded for being found on the wrong side, having taken a romantic novel way above my age range and reading it.  As a teenager at school I was introduced to a wide range of books as we were encouraged to read a lot. Pacesetters were my favorite read and the pleasure derived when I was in form three and I qualified to read novels by Barbara Cartland couldn’t be explained. Finally those novels I used to get scolded for reading were in my grasp. 
I have read novels from other genres like modern legal thrillers, horror supernatural fiction, thrillers and action. Nevertheless romance has always been my favorite genre.  Reading turned out to be inadequate, I wanted to write and lead my characters where I wanted them to go, not comment about this character on how I wished they could have taken this path or that path. Hello to writing, still in my teens and at school. I had my friends who also happened to love novels the way I did. They enjoyed what I wrote, but still the path of publishing wasn’t open because of where I came from.
It wasn’t a surprise to find stories at the back of my notebooks because I usually scribbled when bored, checking out from this world into another world, away from the stress of educational books. The stories that I write, highlight the issues faced where I come from, hence I strive to make them more real and in touch with people’s lives. I share also my favorite hobbies in the books, mostly anything to do with homemaking like, baking, knitting and sewing. My stories can’t be categorized completely under romance as you will find that in some stories there is a bit of action, adventure, thriller and mystery. I love stories full of hope, faith, love and happy endings. 
Growing up in a town where the career choices were limited to professions like nursing, apprenticeship training  and nothing to do with being an authors by the way, I opted to study Human Resources Management so that I could be gainfully employed, but I always had that hunger to write a book still gnawing on the inside of me. I decided to write a book during lockdown and gave it to a good friend who happens to be and author who loved it and introduced me to self-publishing. Who knew I could do everything for myself and with just the push of a button publish, well I didn’t. Besides which publishing house would I have approached in my small mining town?  I published my first book The Inconvenient Marriage which was soon followed with Finding a husband for Cissy. More books will follow as writing has always been my passion and still is. 

Thank you again for taking the time to read The Inconvenient Marriage, I hope you enjoyed it.  

Connect with Me:
Follow me on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/vovosibbs/ 
 

All Books by Author
A Risky Venture
Finding a Husband for Cissy
The Inconvenient Marriage
The Perfect Gentleman

