
The Liberty Flower


A NOVEL


Katie Hanrahan


Newcastlewest Books


Copyright © 2014 by Katie Hanrahan


All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.


Newcastlewest Books

Smashwords Edition April 2014

ISBN: 978-0-9838195-7-8


The characters and events in this book, though based on historical fact, are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.


www. newcastlewestbooks.com



TABLE OF CONTENTS

ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
EIGHTEEN
NINETEEN
TWENTY
TWENTY-ONE
TWENTY-TWO


I long to hear that you have declared an independancy-and by the way in the new Code of Laws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make I desire you would Remember the Ladies, and be more generous and favourable to them than your ancestors. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the Husbands. Remember all Men would be tyrants if they could. If perticuliar care and attention is not paid to the Laidies we are determined to foment a Rebelion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any Laws in which we have no voice, or Representation.


Abigail Adams, 1776


ONE


Accustomed to the oppressive silence of the siege, Sarah was startled by the cacophony in the harbor. All around her were barges loaded with artillery pieces, kegs of powder, crates of shot, munitions, and provisions of every sort. A flotilla of longboats packed with seasick soldiers covered the water like a swarm of red-coated flies, streaming from scores of troop transports bobbing at anchor. Her friends in the militia would welcome an accurate inventory, but to count so many men and so much materiel was to count the grains of sand on the shore. Instead, she fixed her eyes on the prison ship that was retreating into the distance.
Her mother’s cousin was bound for exile on that very ship, a fool perhaps for believing that ordinary men could defeat British military might. Words would not sway him, logic would not entice him to sign the loyalty oath and return to his family plantation. He vowed to cut off his right hand rather than accept such dishonor as the Crown offered the captured rebel militia officers. Better to trade the fetid atmosphere of the prison deck for the pestilent miasma of St. Augustine, to die like a man rather than live like a coward. Such fervor from one faced with unimaginable hardships drew Sarah under the same spell, until she found herself assuring him that the patriots would regroup, even though she knew full well that Granny Gates had run from Camden. High-tailed it all the way back to Philadelphia, by most accounts.
Her father sought a comfortable spot on the hard bench of the skiff, grumbled, and then swatted his knee with his hat. “You might have done more to dissuade him,” Richard said.
“But Papa, how could Paul accept?” Sarah asked. “To sign would be to acknowledge the King’s authority after we declared our independence from British rule.”
“I heard his arguments, miss, and do not care to hear them repeated by you,” he said.
Sunlight gleamed from row upon row of polished buttons on the chests of thousands of soldiers; sharp rays glinted from a forest of bayonets that washed over the docks. Sarah shaded her eyes with her hand. It was endless, the stream of redcoats, flowing into South Carolina to wipe out the last vestiges of liberty. Hard-headed, impervious to reason, Paul had still managed to convince her that the tide had yet to turn. Did that make her a fool as well?
Richard looked beyond her, to a group of barges weighed down with artillery pieces in a variety of sizes. A quartet of scarlet-coated officers passed to starboard and nodded in Sarah’s general direction. “How clear the future appeared when you were born,” he said. “And now, in what direction should I guide you?”
Her gaze fell upon an army officer attempting to disembark from a transport with grace, an ungainly little oaf who panicked when the launch rocked under his feet. Sarah had to stifle a laugh as he fell head over heels and then attempted to regain his balance, failing spectacularly. At the gangway above, a Royal Navy lieutenant caught her eye and smiled, sharing in the mockery of the landsman. His smile evaporated but he continued to gawk, as if he had discovered an exotic flower.
“Stubborn family, your mother’s side.” Richard Mahon, of stubborn Irish stock, tended to see himself as the light of reason in his enlightened home. “All but put the noose around his own neck for the sake of some notion of honor.”
“A man’s honor has great value, Papa,” she said. From under the brim of her bonnet, she peeked at the lieutenant. His dark eyes remained fixed on her, as if she alone existed in the world.
“I grant you that General Clinton’s duplicity has hardened many a heart that was once open to accommodation,” Richard said. “But Paul is wrong to refuse the revised terms of parole. His family needs him at home before the plantation falls to ruin. And then where will he be? Buying his daily bread with a few pennies of honor?”
To rush to Paul’s defense was a futile battle. Richard was an accomplished barrister who could talk circles around any argument. There was little logic in rebellion, in a declaration that demanded something as obscure as the right to pursue happiness. She could not rebut her father’s points when she had little solid evidence to present. He had only to remind her of the nightmare they had barely survived in May, when the British bombarded the city into submission. To believe that the South Carolina militia could conquer the mightiest empire on earth was to defy logic.
Another launch passed by, close enough for the rude comments of a dragoon to be clearly heard. Sarah turned her head away in a somewhat dramatic fashion, only to meet the stare of the lieutenant on the troop ship. “One would think they’d never seen a female before,” Richard barked. “Insufferable. And with the audacity to style themselves gentlemen.”
At the gangway, the lieutenant removed his hat and swept through an exaggerated courtier’s bow, displaying a thick mat of sweat- slicked black curls on the top of his head. He stood at attention, his hat over his heart, and called out to her, words that were lost on the breeze. In the depth of his unblinking gaze Sarah felt herself falling into the shadows, drowning in an abyss. She could almost imagine the strength of his embrace, the touch of his hand that would melt her knees on the dance floor. In an instant, she turned her back to him.
“If you insist on dressing in homespun,” Richard said. “Do not pretend to be offended when you are treated with disregard.”
“I insist on dressing like a patriot,” Sarah said, only to regret her sass before she finished the sentence. A reminder of the sentiment that landed the sons of Low Country planters on prison ships was the sort of thing that set her father’s teeth on edge. He felt that women should not make such public displays of their animosity, except when he was supportive of such public displays. Like everyone else in Charles Town, Richard wavered between patriotism and loyalty with the speed of a weather vane in a storm.
“Be practical, my dear,” Richard said. “This is your first season in society. You should find enjoyment while you are young, with all who might bring you pleasure. Be pretty, be carefree, break hearts. A girl’s time is short.”
While she did not wish to disobey, Sarah had found great enjoyment in a mixture of pleasure and politics, whether it was testing the limits of General Clinton’s tolerance of small acts of rebellion or engaging in espionage. Nothing was more intoxicating than flirting with British officers for the sake of gaining snippets of information that she passed on to the patriot bands hiding in the swamps. The threat of hanging failed to frighten her away from acting as a courier, and certainly no minor punishment her father might inflict would keep her from activities that set her heart beating with fear and elation in equal measure. Such secrecy forced her to hide from her own father, a fact that troubled her if she thought of it. She let the subject drop, and they reached the dock in silence.
Once they were back on land they were caught up in a madhouse populated by queasy redcoats trying to form ranks and march through the chaos of the planters and factors and stevedores who were moving cargo between ships and warehouses. Sarah bobbed her head to the left and the right as she acknowledged the greetings of her father’s colleagues, but she had no desire to stop for a chat. Waiting for her was a merchant ship newly arrived from Boston with a cargo of contraband that she was eager to claim. A set of Parisian fashion plates had been promised before the port was closed, a sheaf of brightly etched papers that would be her escape from the reality of an occupied city. A world of lush fabrics and exquisite laces, the court of Marie Antoinette, would erase the war for an afternoon of imagining.
Leaving Richard to chat with a friend, Sarah hurried along to the dock fronting Mr. Beauchamp’s warehouse. Besides the fashion plates, the merchant master of the Liberty was certain to have correspondence from her uncle in Boston, and her parents would enjoy the respite from worry that would be found in letters filled with family gossip and news from the northern colonies. Perhaps her uncle had managed to include some newspapers, to share positive developments in the war, an episode that might gladden a partisan’s heart or turn a wavering loyalist to the side of the rebels.
“Permission to come aboard, sir,” Sarah called up to the master’s mate.
“Permission, miss?” Mr. Briggs drawled. “I’ll have to be asking the master about the likes of you crossing my gangplank.” As quickly as he returned her smile, his look darkened into a scowl that he aimed over Sarah’s shoulder.
“If I were the captain of this ship, you would be most welcome aboard.”
Sarah spun around, to see who was speaking to her, and found a wall of navy blue wool. Looking up, she met the arrogant gaze of the black-haired lieutenant from the the troop ship. To his left stood another naval officer, much shorter than his colleague but equally amused. Outraged over a grievous insult, she pulled at her skirts like a woman avoiding a collision with a steaming pile of manure. She began to march up the gangplank, nose high in a display of great hauteur, but the wind gusted at the wrong moment and lifted the brim of her hat. Letting go of her skirts to catch her hat, she stumbled on the hem. The lieutenant’s laughter roared in her ears while the blood rose in her cheeks, flaming up to the roots of her hair.
“You there, is she the master’s daughter?” the lieutenant asked Mr. Briggs.
“Who, sir?” Briggs asked. He waved his hand behind his back to shoo her away, but Sarah was not so readily dismissed.
“The hold up, Mr. Briggs?” Mr. Beauchamp stormed out of his warehouse in shirtsleeves and waistcoat, soaked with sweat. He was one of the wealthiest planters in South Carolina, but he kept his hands in every aspect of his many businesses, even if it meant rolling his own hogsheads across the wharf.
“Miss Mahon, sir, paying a call,” Briggs said. His hand waved with a certain violence, as if he were creating a strong wind to blow her into the master’s cabin.
“I say, gentlemen, take care,” Mr. Beauchamp said, nudging the shorter man out of the way of the stevedores who were making for the gangplank. In the process, he urged the officers within head-striking distance of the hogsheads of rice that were swinging aloft from the windlass. The tall one ducked as the shadow of the barrels caught his eye, inches from his temple. “Mr. Briggs, if you would inform the master that I shall join him and Miss Mahon directly?”
Safe behind the bulwarks, Sarah watched the British sailors hold a brief conference before they reached a consensus and continued on their way. The merchant master directed a curse at their backs before handing Sarah a packet of letters and a paper-wrapped package tied with coarse twine. Her precious fashion plates had arrived unscathed. With the bundle pressed close to her chest for safekeeping, she ran down the gangplank and nearly toppled Mr. Beauchamp, who had restored his wig and coat in preparation for a social call. She paused only long enough to wish her father’s colleague a pleasant day. The fashion plates had waited long enough to be unveiled.
Sarah reached the market before she remembered her father, who would have no idea where she was and was most likely fuming, being made to wait on her rather than the other way around. Her fingers itched to spread the colorful etchings out in a display of underskirts, mantuas and bonnets that were all the rage in Paris, but to court Richard’s anger was to risk losing the illustrations to the kitchen fire. If she hurried, she could find him and still have time to share the treasure with Beck, her dearest friend since they were infants. They often dressed in matching gowns, the better to get all the attention, and they would turn every head in Charles Town when they appeared in something never before seen outside of the court of Versailles. None of that would happen, however, if she kept her father waiting much longer.
Lost in dreams of sack-backed gowns, Sarah did not notice the redcoat at her side until he touched her elbow. “Give us a kiss,” he rasped, exuding a cloud of alcohol. “You rebel bitch.”
His fingers were surprisingly strong, his grip growing painful as she wrenched her arm away. The bundle of letters fell to the street and she dropped the colored etchings in a fumbled attempt to catch the letters and escape at the same time. The rank odor of cheap ale and old sweat turned her stomach; her only thoughts were of safety, of a door where she might find shelter. From the windows above, half-naked trollops leaned out for a better view, leering like theater patrons. An opening beckoned, the entrance to a back alley that was all dead ends and blind corners, places where she could be trapped. Sarah turned to her right, to take a step away from the stumbling redcoat. She had to stick to the street; she had to run, get to the docks and the safety of men who would protect her.
In a deft move, Sarah sidestepped a man passing by. Spying an opening between a saloon and a wagon, she sprinted up the cobblestone road. Her mother’s jewelry, sewn into her petticoat for safekeeping, pounded against her thighs with every painful step. An earring stabbed her repeatedly above her knee and she could feel the blood running into her garter, but she did not dare stop. She could never stop until she was far from the seedy streets near the wharf.
“Miss Mahon.” A voice cried out above the din, a man’s voice, the sound of salvation. Pausing for a moment, Sarah looked over her shoulder, ready to race to the side of this person who called her by name. It was him.
“Please, Miss Mahon,” the tall lieutenant shouted to be heard, his deep voice echoing off the walls of the dingy brick facades that lined the road. Over his head he held the sheaf of fashion plates, waving them, as if he had captured her flag in battle. At his feet was the drunken redcoat whose face appeared to have been smashed. Sarah would not be so foolish as to surrender for the sake of a few pieces of paper. Bidding a silent farewell to her beloved French etchings and Uncle Mahon’s correspondence, she lifted her skirts out of the muck and ran until her lungs threatened to burst through her stays.
Already she had been forced to give up the big house on the Ashley; the family plantation was taken over by the British and some drunken officer managed to reduce the place to a pile of cinders after setting the draperies afire with a mislaid taper. All of her clothes had been stolen by the Hessians who ransacked Charles Town, and she had lost half of her friends in a split over politics. Her father’s town house was like a prison, turned into a billet for officers while she had to sacrifice her self-respect and act the part of gracious hostess to the uninvited and unwanted guests. To lose a pile of brightly inked papers was as nothing.



TWO

Every time that the ship’s bell rang to mark the time, Jack touched, or rather fondled, the bundle of letters that he kept stored in his coat pocket.
Four hours of the afternoon watch seemed like four years, with the promise of shore leave a far distant dream. The invitation to some local dignitary’s dinner party would normally have been welcome, but it was a most unwanted interruption to his original plan. In his pocket he held the key that opened the door to the Mahon home, the introduction that would practically guarantee his future. There was no time to deliver the letters, engage Mr. Mahon in conversation, and wheedle an audience with the lovely daughter. Jack’s presence was required at another man’s house, to meet other men’s daughters, and it was all a ridiculous waste of time. He was going to marry Miss Mahon. “At least make an effort,” Tony said. The second lieutenant adjusted his neck stock, as if he could magically straighten out Jack’s wrinkled cravat through example. “Your little rebel will still be in Charles Town tomorrow, and so will we.”
“Tomorrow is one day less,” Jack said. “You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“Dead set and in earnest. I’ll ship out of this devil’s furnace a married man. And my father can go to the devil.” Jack pulled at his stock until he pulled it off, to start over and tie a proper knot. “Good breeding doesn’t hide behind a cheap frock, Tony. I tell you, she’s the daughter of some reprobate, some gambler. Or a drunkard. Poor but of fine family.”
“She’s a rebel in homespun and tomorrow she’s likely to be in full mourning,” Tony said. “Or do you believe that this town is so filled with sorrowing women? Did you ever see so many females in black? Everything we’ve heard about this place is true and my eyes do not deceive me.”
Leaving Tony to his prejudices, Jack turned back to the mirror and fumbled with his collar. Running into an old school mate at the wharf had been a blessing as far as finding the best brothel was concerned, but Butter Debeurre knew nothing beyond drinking and whoring. Butter claimed that General Cornwallis was living in a fantasy world where Tory supporters would pour into Charles Town at any moment, when it was clear to Jack that the cold shoulders directed at Butter had nothing to do with rebel sympathies and everything to do with his conduct. Any man with sense recognized that the colony was full of men who cared more about their purse than their government, once impoverished men who found success in America. Such a man he might become, Jack imagined, neither partisan nor loyalist but clever and therefore prosperous.
In Jack’s eyes, America afforded him opportunities that England did not hold for the second son of a British peer. It was only a matter of time until the Whigs won their political battle in Parliament and the military war would end, at which time he would resign his commission and settle down in Charles Town with the green-eyed Miss Mahon. One glimpse of the bustling harbor told him that the shipping trade would make him wealthy, and he belonged in South Carolina. England, and his father, had seen the last of Jack Ashford.
Walking through the town, wearing his cleanest shirt, Jack marveled at the endless bustle, the hectic pace that was continuing from early morning well into the evening. The pursuit of commerce was the creed in this town, but he quickly realized that commerce did not make the city a loyalist bastion. Every cold glare that was leveled at the officer’s coat was a warning, that the pursuit of happiness was alive and well and another boatload of British regulars was not going to turn back time to the days before a shot had been fired. Wary of an ambush, wondering if Butter was not far from the mark, Jack let Tony take a slight lead while he kept a close watch.
For a shilling, they hired a street urchin to guide them through the darkness that was Charles Town at night, a boy who said little after laughing about the tight fists of them in charge, too miserly to pay for the oil to light the lamps. In contrast to the roads, the house they came to was illuminated in every window, light spilling out onto a covered porch and a garden so large that its boundaries were lost in shadow. Wrought iron gates stood open, the arrival of dinner guests anticipated. Jack marched smartly up the crushed shell path that bisected the formal planting beds, eager for the company of respectable women and decent food.
The tastefully appointed foyer was more elegant than Jack expected to find in the colonies, and he hoped that the daughter of the house was equal to it. Said to be of suitable ancestry, the young lady had been postulated as a potential match by her relations in England, who were on friendly terms with Tony’s parents. If her father’s home was any indication, she was likely to bring a respectable dowry to her husband, a point in her favor if she was not blessed with a pretty face. Miss Mahon, on the other hand, had only her beauty to offer, but for Jack it would be enough. With the opportunity that Charles Town offered, he would need nothing else.
“How can anyone claim that the colonies are centers of degeneracy?” Tony asked. “This place is no different than any other gentleman’s residence.”
“I’ll have a home in Charles Town one day soon,” Jack said. “And won’t your father be pleased?”
The rest of Tony’s implication was left to die on the breeze that set the candle flames to dancing in the polished chandelier over their heads. George Ashford, Baron Bransmore, was a Tory’s Tory, a man whose disdain for the colonists was legendary in the House of Lords, and in marked contrast to his second son’s fierce Whig support. There was a reason that Jack had been sent into the Royal Navy as a sharp-tongued lad of fifteen, and a reason that he had not returned to Hampshire for ten years.
Accustomed to the dreary scenery of a Royal frigate, Jack found the crowd in the drawing room to be painfully colorful, a spray of pastels and glitter that made him squint. In his naval uniform he felt almost bare, so undecorated was the dark blue wool, in humiliating contrast to the plethora of gold braid and brass buttons of the army officers who clustered around Lt. Col. Balfour. He questioned the cleanliness of his hose and the less than spotless shirt, feeling rather shabby with his cravat little more than a rumpled mess. With nothing left to parade than a well-formed leg and his family’s social position, Jack bowed with utmost grace to his hosts, using good posture to compensate for the lack of fripperies and silver buckles.
“What luck, Jack.” The nasal whine of Butter Debeurre lifted over the general murmur of voices. If it were luck that brought them together at this place, it was all bad. “I was only just now telling our charming companions of our heroics this afternoon.”
Two young ladies stood before him, arm in arm, dressed in matching indigo blue gowns, their hair pomaded and powdered into identical towers. Jack would have taken them for twins if not for the different embroideries of their underskirts, one of which featured an emblem containing a sheaf of rice bound with flowing blue ribbons. Warm green eyes peered over a fan that could not muffle the sound of giggling, the green eyes of Miss Mahon who did not yet know that she was destined to be Mrs. John Ashford. Like precious emeralds, her eyes held him transfixed, mesmerized, until a sharp stab creased his ribs.
“Isn’t that right, Lt. Ashford?” Tony said.
Another round of giggling lifted the fog, penetrated to his brain. Tony was carrying on a conversation that could have been running for the past minute or the past year as far as Jack could judge. At his side, Butter preened importantly, as if his likeness were being chiseled in marble by an unseen sculptor.
“My apologies are utterly feeble,” Jack said, speaking only to the beauty who watched him over the top of a lace-edged fan. “Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?”
The ladies exchanged glances that suggested his earlier transgression of form had become an item of girlish gossip and feminine mockery. With relief, Jack offered a slight bow. She could have cut him right there in the drawing room, but she did not. Holding out a lifeline, she treated him like the lovesick puppy that he was, toying with him and waiting to see if he would whimper at her feet or snap at her hand. This was not the attitude of a woman suffering from a grave insult. There was yet hope, if he could come to his senses and take advantage of the opportunity she presented.
The fan moved, down to neck level, to reveal porcelain skin and rosy cheeks, perfection in the form of a woman’s face. Languid and desultory, the folded silk pattern waved to and fro, to move the humid air about and send a light cloud of perfume adrift. Here in a room that was as hot as the lobby of Hell, he grew very conscious of the trickle of sweat that was rolling past his ears. Suffering miserably, he tried to maneuver within range of her fan, to steal a hint of the breeze she created.
“Will you take some refreshment, Miss Mahon?” Jack offered, snatching a glass of punch from a tray that floated by on the arm of a liveried servant. He was surprised by the chill, and then humbled as he realized he was the guest of a very wealthy man who could afford to buy ice in a land that never knew cold.
“Miss Sturbridge,” Tony said. As he handed a glass to the young lady he had been intended to meet, Tony shot a glance that was as pointed as the elbow he had thrown earlier. Another breech of etiquette, and Jack could not understand where his mind had gone, to forget every rule that was second nature to him.
On and on Butter jabbered, controlling the topic of discussion and doing an excellent job of boring everyone within range. In a fortnight, Jack would set sail and he could not afford to waste a minute of courting time. The situation called for action, quick and decisive.
“I can make no excuse,” he said to Miss Mahon, to draw her out and command her attention.
“There can be no excuse,” she said.
She could not be older than twenty, yet she had the bearing of an experienced woman of thirty. The standard nonsense that passed for flirtation would never win her over; she was beyond the trivial. To win her heart would take a battle of wits against a formidable adversary. Jack had no doubt that Miss Mahon was a master, as fond of a contest as he was, and equally determined to triumph. The half smile she gave him was a gauntlet thrown down, a challenge offered.
More guests arrived, a mixture of officers and young ladies who represented the cream of Charles Town’s loyalist society. Each one was greeted with Butter’s ongoing rendition of the afternoon’s street brawl, the actual location glossed over since they were at the door of a brothel when Miss Mahon raced past. Even though it was Jack who had tripped up the drunken soldier and landed the first blow, Butter became the hero of the day as the story altered into a shadow of reality. The heat of the room grew increasingly unbearable, and suddenly, a slight breeze scented with rose and verbena cooled his face.
“The ledger is balanced, I suppose,” Miss Mahon said. “My forgiveness in return for your gallantry?”
“My behavior remains,” he began to say, but he was distracted by her open fan. The painted image was clearly a nautical scene, a shipwreck or battle of some sort. “May we begin our acquaintance as of this very moment?” Before she could answer, another officer interrupted, and soon there were three captains and a major, all vying for Miss Mahon’s attention. The room and all its occupants revolved around her, the sun to Jack’s insignificant star. As if every guest were conspiring against him, he faded into the background, a newcomer to an established order.
“Lt. Powell, you might be more comfortable near that window,” Miss Sturbridge said.
Tony was dripping with sweat and not too embarrassed to be seen mopping his forehead. He accepted the offer, but that drew him away from the group clustered around Miss Mahon. Feeling abandoned by his only friend, Jack observed Miss Mahon and found himself imagining a fox hunt. She was the prey, and he one of the pack of baying hounds giving chase. To catch her, he had to be smarter than his adversaries, smarter and faster. That he was at sea while they were on land was but one obstacle to be overcome.
“Would I be wrong to presume that you have not come from the Antilles?” Miss Mahon said, drawing him into the circle.
“My entire career has been passed in colder climes, Miss Mahon,” he said. “The North Sea and Irish Sea.”
One of the soldiers launched into a long-winded monologue about the climate of the Carolinas, moaning of pestilence and fever. It was only the briefest of signs, but Jack noticed that his future wife’s eyes glazed over, bored with the inanity of the conversation. A sailing man knew that he had to pounce on an opportunity and make use of the slightest advantage, ready to shift strategy as readily as the wind shifted direction.
“Is there hope that I might adapt, as you have?” he asked. “Consider, Lt. Ashford, that my family has resided in this area for well over one hundred years.” Her laugh was feminine, ringing with genuine mirth. “Of course, you could live to the great age of Methuselah and become quite comfortable.”
A hint of a sea breeze touched his cheek and Jack was stunned to find himself near a bank of windows that opened onto a covered porch. He never noticed that he had taken a single step, let alone five or six. A cluster of older men were hunkered down outdoors, arguing about the Board of Police and legal authority. He was not positive, but he thought that one of the most strident voices berating the board was the old man from the wharf. Miss Mahon pointed her closed fan at the place she wanted Jack to drop anchor, and he dutifully took up his post next to the railing. As if he were standing watch, he planted his feet and clasped his hands behind his back, savoring the refreshing wind that blew off the ocean.
Before long, Tony and Miss Sturbridge joined them, to mull over topics that were as stilted and conventional as anything Jack had ever heard in a London drawing room. In no time, they were called down to dinner, and Miss Mahon’s maneuver proved to be a clever bit of business which guaranteed that Lt. Ashford would escort her to the dining room. He saw that he had a leg up on his adversaries, for reasons he could not guess. What he had done to her that morning was rude, no matter how she might brush it off. Strolling through the drawing room with the most desirable woman in Charles Town on his arm, Jack savored his victory, temporary though it might be.
For a moment, Jack’s attention was drawn to the generous proportions of the well-appointed dining room as he imagined himself in residence. His reveries brought him back to Miss Mahon and her colorful fan, swaying like an angel’s wing through the humid air.
“Do tell me, Lieutenant,” she said. “Whatever would you do if your adversary were to come up on your weatherboard and leave you becalmed? However would you carry on the battle?”
The image became clear as Miss Mahon held the fan up to her nose, so that only the devilish glint in her eyes gave away the fact that she was smirking. In brilliant color, hand-painted on fine silk, was the capture of the HMS Serapis. The murdering thug of a pirate, John Paul Jones, was centered upon a fan blade, one foot on the rail of the sinking Bonhomme Richard as he leapt to claim his British prize. Pert and saucy, Miss Mahon moved the fan ever so slightly, taunting the English sailor, and Jack felt her outrage over the morning’s insult. With the utmost gentility, she had taken the wind clean out of his sails and left him dead in the water.
“If I might use the example of the recent loss of the Serapis,” he said, pointing at her fan. She was not going to get the better of him, and he launched into a detailed, technical analysis of the battle tactics employed by both commanders. In the midst of showing off his knowledge of fighting sail, he paid a compliment to the crew of the Bonhomme Richard. Miss Mahon accepted it with a slight nod before inviting him to continue. She asked questions that demonstrated a thorough knowledge of sailing, weather and battle strategy. A senior midshipman could not have done better. Rather than hide her intellect, she had put it on display, perhaps to scare him off. A woman with a well-developed brain was exactly what he was looking for in a wife and she would not be quit of him that easily.
“Are you enjoying your meal, sir?” she said.
He lowered his knife and fork. “Miss Mahon, you are a most uncommon creature.”
“Am I now?” She dropped a spoonful of rice, mixed with small beans and green bits, in the center of his plate. “Do tell me if you like this. It’s one of our local specialties.”
Embers grew into flames in his mouth, while Miss Mahon casually chatted about the myriad of spices and seasonings that the local cooks put to good use, a reflection of cuisines from all over the world, not only France but Africa as well. Jack guzzled his wine to put out the fire, watching her as she ate the peppery blend without flinching.
“I find that hot foods keep me cool in the summer,” she continued.
“Ain’t that the funniest thing?”
Across the table, Miss Sturbridge held her serviette to her mouth to cover up her laughter. “Featured on every table in Charles Town on New Year’s Eve. To bring luck in the coming year,” she said.
“I’ve never eaten anything quite like this,” Tony said. He coughed a few times, as if his lungs were singed, and the ladies took a fit of giggling. No doubt they pulled this prank on any gentleman fool enough to be lulled by their charms, or perhaps it was a last punishment for the cad who towered over all the other guests.
After the ladies retired and the cloth was removed, the chatter around the table grew more heated, fueled by generous portions of an excellent brandy. Beneath a thin layer of decorum was a solid core of displeasure with the war, anger that was held in check by the presence of Nisbet Balfour. The old gentleman from the dock tapped Jack on the arm and leaned closer, to share a confidence.
“Is there any truth to the rumor that the Royal Navy will be deployed to guard the West Indies from French attack?” he asked in a low voice.
“The rebels would like it to be so,” Jack said. “What the admirals have in mind, sir, I cannot say. But I have also heard it rumored, if that means anything.”
“Leaving our merchant ships unprotected from pirates,” the man said. “Were you to leave the navy, sir, you would find no lack of employment as a merchant master. Whatever armaments you wished to add to the ship would be provided. If the navy cannot protect us, we shall have to do it ourselves.”
“Are you making me an offer?” Jack asked.
 “I believe I am, sir. Are you accepting?”
“Not at this time, but I will consider it in future.” The gentleman laughed in appreciation of the levity that was sorely needed, only to turn to his right and join another conversation.
With little to add to the general discussion, Jack felt time drag on, as if the servant would never come in and call the men to the drawing room. Even Tony was showing signs of becoming restless, bored with the company of men when months at sea had given him his fill of male companionship. Dreaming of his next move, Jack laid out his battle plan, a way to isolate Miss Mahon and press his suit with some vigor. At last, the door opened and he checked his desire to run, to keep from looking like an absolute fool in a race to claim the place of honor at Miss Mahon’s side.



THREE

“Will you answer me with brutal honesty?” Jack asked Sarah. She sorted her cards, pretending to be oblivious to anything but her next bid.
“Have you truly forgiven me?”
“Really, Lt. Ashford, you are a most persistent man,” she said. Beck nudged her foot under the table, a reminder of their earlier conversation.
“You ask a great deal of Miss Mahon, considering,” Tony said. “We’re a very forgiving people here in the colonies,” Beck said. “I do believe that we’re less formal than our English sisters.”
“In my opinion, colonial ladies are, in many respects, far superior to their English sisters,” Jack said. “I would say the same of the gentlemen.”
Sarah suspected that Beck had fallen in love with the description of Mr. Powell that her father received from his relations in England before she fell in love with the man himself. The two young ladies agreed that he was a good match for Beck’s placid demeanor, but Sarah did not see how her dearest friend could suggest that Sarah consider Mr. Ashford. A childhood vow to marry brothers or the closest of friends so that they would never be separated was a ridiculous reason to entertain a courtship, yet Beck had been quick to remind Sarah of their blood oath. The idea of marrying an Englishman was impossible. The fact that an Englishman could declare allegiance to South Carolina and be a colonist was just Beck’s way of twisting facts to suit her whim. Perhaps if Mr. Ashford took to sailing with John Paul Jones he would be more appealing, but Sarah avoided any political discussion with Beck.
As to the chances of such a miracle happening, Ashford’s dinner conversation suggested a certain sympathy with the rebels. Unlike his British brethren, he did not criticize the partisan cause, and he seemed to admire the dash of the American sailors. Even so, he was largely neutral, and a woman could not come right out and ask a gentleman if he was loyal or partisan. She cast a glance across the card table, admiring the way his dark brown eyes grew almost black with the intensity of his concentration and a determination to win. He must have felt her eyes on him, because he looked up and it was as if the sun came out after a powerful storm. Something about the manner in which he parried her thrust of an anti-British fan told her that the lieutenant was more of a rebel than he might publicly admit. With a coy smile, she turned back to her cards. He was not some dull and plodding planter like her parents wanted her to marry. If she worked at it, she could turn him and have the sort of husband she wanted, a man who took to the sea and took her with him.
“Sugar trumps all,” Tony said, answering a question posed by Mr. Sturbridge. It verified a point that Mr. Mahon had made, that all the potential wealth of the American colonies was forgotten in a desire to reap the known rewards of the sugar trade. Mr. Sturbridge, on the other hand, refused to accept that England would let go of the colonies to tighten its grip on the West Indies. So blissfully short-sighted, Sarah thought, as she laid down a club and Beck took the trick.
“The French. Often proving unreliable,” Jack said. “Better for us all if they kept to their fashion designing. They do it so well, would you agree, Miss Mahon?”
Sarah kept her eyes on her cards, rather than let Mr. Ashford see that she found his comment very funny indeed. This could be some sort of test, to determine if she would grovel for the fashion plates and give him an upper hand. Then again, he might be in search of an invitation to call on her, to get into her father’s house and ingratiate himself with her parents. Better to maintain a neutral appearance, to neither squeal with glee or act as if the colored etchings held no significance whatsoever. To reveal all would be a mistake, give the lieutenant an advantage, and Sarah was far too accomplished to let an emotion slip.
The first round of whist ended with Sarah in the lead. She had no intention of letting Jack win; she had no thought of being demure and misplaying a card to throw a round his way. If he wanted to win, he would have to do it on skill and not rely on some girlish nonsense to boost his esteem. After the fourth round, it was clear that Lt. Ashford was not going to give up, and his eyes grew a shade darker as he concentrated with increasing force. From under lowered lashes, Sarah flashed a flirtatious glance at the lieutenant. He meant to play until he won, all night if necessary, and he was playing into Sarah’s hand without even knowing it.
“Our adversaries are equally determined, it would seem,” Lt. Powell said. He suppressed a yawn and studied the mantel clock with a lingering, suggestive gaze. Three o’clock in the morning was not particularly late by Charles Town standards, but then, British naval officers were not accustomed to the ways of the rice planting aristocracy. As if Ashford did not even hear, he shuffled the cards, ready to go around the table again.
Mr. Sturbridge was still debating with Mr. Mahon, a discussion about the ineffective Police Board that would not conclude until both men were out of breath. Sarah smiled when she noticed that her mother and Mrs. Sturbridge were nodding, side by side on the settee that had been drawn up near the windows. All the other guests had gone home, overlooked by the card players. Considering the level of his concentration, Sarah did not think that Lt. Ashford would notice if a hurricane were to blow through the drawing room. He would hold on to his cards and shout out his bids if it came to that.
With a slight nudge from her elbow, Sarah moved her fan a quarter of a turn on the table, to signal a particularly strong hand. “Are you accustomed to higher stakes, Lt. Powell?” she asked. For Beck’s sake, Sarah put the question to the man her dearest friend was considering for a match. Mr. Sturbridge knew a little about the family, but no woman would want a gambler for a husband, no matter how handsome his face or how distinguished his lineage.
“In truth, Miss Mahon, the days are long at sea,” Powell said. “And the nights can be even longer. Cards pass the time, but Lt. Ashford here can vouch for my lack of interest in wagering.”
Two coal black eyes stared a hole into Sarah’s skull. Her would-be suitor was growing anxious, as if he had never before run up against a woman who could calculate odds in her head. Granted, she had begun to cheat a little, but in time of war all was fair. They were playing for lengths of ribbon and papers of pins anyway, no cash involved, and there was no harm in improving her chances. She turned her eyes down again, lowered her chin, and gave Ashford the mightiest of her coquettish gestures. After years of practice with Beck, Sarah had perfected the movements that bore all the subtlety of a well- bred lady. The lieutenant played the wrong card, flustered.
The slight rustle of silk under the table was met by a reddening of Lt. Powell’s ears, the color spreading across his face. He cleared his throat once, twice, and then leaned a bit towards Beck’s chair. As if the coughing spasm was a call for help, the footman hurried over and filled up the wine glasses. Powell played a spade, the trump for the previous hand.
“Dear God, Tony, you led me to believe you had no spades,” Jack said.
“And so you see, Miss Sturbridge, my aversion to wagering is justified,” Tony said. “Wisely so, or I would long ago have lost my shirt.”
While Ashford’s eyes blazed, Beck laughed and graciously offered to replay the hand or forfeit the yard of ribbon that was riding on the rubber. Sarah could not resist the urge to tweak Lt. Ashford, to tease him when he was most deserving of being teased. Slipping off her shoe, she caressed his shin with her silk-covered toes, slowly running her foot along the top of his shoe while peaking at him from under lowered lids. Her lip curled into a mischievous smile as she laid a queen of hearts on the table.
In one mighty gulp, Ashford downed a glass of Madeira and guzzled a second. Sweat beaded on his upper lip and dripped from a curl over his ear, carrying flecks of hair powder that speckled the shoulder of his coat. He reached out and touched the pile of discards, turning the queen until it faced him. The last penance she would exact for the afternoon’s insult was a lesson that he could take back to London with a boatload of defeated redcoats. No woman in the world could flirt as deftly as a Charles Town lady.
“I concede, Miss Mahon,” Ashford said. His knee touched Sarah’s and she allowed a full three seconds of contact before moving her leg and picking up her fan. She spread the ribs and sent a seductive drift of perfume in his direction.
“What will it be, Beck?” she said. “Ribbons, or perhaps we should demand a pledge.”
“Surely we are entitled to all that and more,” Beck said. With perfect timing, Beck gave her lieutenant a charming glance from her brown eyes, bait for the hook that she dangled under Powell’s nose.
The partners pretended to think intensely, as if pondering their choice of prizes for winning at cards. Powell offered to pledge all the kisses the ladies could ever wish for, a suggestion that brought on a display of melodramatic shock, followed by exchanged glances that were meant to tell the gentlemen that the ladies might consider the offer. The sound of an explosion echoed off the water of the harbor and filled the drawing room, rattling the crystal drops of the chandelier.
“The French, Mr. Mahon.” Bérthe Mahon was on her feet, her hands trembling. It had been only a few months since that horrible night when British warships threw everything they had at the defenseless city. Daily, the French were expected to join with their American allies, and the poor woman was prepared to flee into the countryside at a moment’s notice.
The lieutenants called for their hats and then ran onto the piazza, searching the horizon for sails. A small part of the eastern sky was glowing red, illuminating thick billows of black smoke. Off in the distance, the sound of fire wagons clattered on the cobblestones, and the sound of men’s voices reverberated from the street below. Drums, alarms, marching feet; the British were in an uproar. Sarah stood near the railing, leaning over to get a better view while Beck craned her neck to look over Sarah’s back.
“Ain’t the French,” Sarah said, half to herself. 
Ashford spun around, as if he were about to accuse her of something. At once, Sarah regretted her careless remark, knowing that she had to rein in her tendency to act or speak before thinking. To cover up her impetuous utterance, she babbled about hurricane season and the fact that the French were known to abandon their American allies when the first hint of a hard blow would send them scurrying to the West Indies.
With a nod that acknowledged the truth of her statement, Ashford accepted his hat and turned towards the door, ready to run down the stairs. He took a step back so that he could bow and bid a respectable farewell to the ladies.
“Papa, may we?” Sarah asked. There was a spectacle to be seen at the wharf, a daring act of bravado that she wanted to witness as it unfolded. By asking after Lt. Ashford’s back cleared the doorway, she hoped that her father would assume she was more interested in watching the lieutenant in the heat of action rather than admire a cluster of British warships burn to the water line.
“Far too dangerous,” Bérthe insisted. Even now, Sarah could hear the hesitation in her mother’s voice, the deference that was given to Richard’s views on every subject. Only once had he not given in, but the bombardment last May was a different case, a genuinely dangerous time that saw Sarah fleeing along the river road to the safety of Mr. Beauchamp’s Riverside Plantation, the nearest refuge her mother could think of while exploding shells were falling in the city.
“Go on, then, get your cloak,” he said. “Come along, Sturbridge.
You always enjoyed a good bonfire.”

* * * * *

“Sirs. Lieutenants,” the midshipman shouted down the street.
Mr. Winchester was out of breath, the effort of running from one end of Church Street to the next evident in his sweat-streaked face. Between gasps of air that was acrid with the smell of burnt powder and charred oak, the young man apologized for taking so long to find his lieutenants, with no one about in the middle of the night to point out Church Street, let alone a particular house. As the trio hurried back to the wharf, Winchester offered what little he knew, describing the explosion as the result of a chance spark on the gun deck, a careless match or taper left burning, or a deliberate act of sabotage. The end result of any one of those possibilities was clearly evident when Jack made the turn past the row of warehouses. The HMS Pollux, which was riding at anchor next to his own ship only a few hours ago, was a floating tinderbox with rigging and sheets made of flames.
On the wharf, a crowd had gathered, transfixed by the sight of a disaster unfolding before them, a stage show for their amusement. Jack detected an undercurrent in the voices that murmured around him, a sound that drove his hand to the pommel of his sword in a search for security. The opinions he cherished in his heart were too well covered by his uniform to afford him any protection from those who aired their sentiments freely.
Just when it looked like the sailors on the Pollux might win the battle against a tremendous fire, the crew began to abandon the ship. Without having to say a word, Jack and Tony pushed through the mob, making their way to the water in search of a boat to commandeer. Before the oars could be fitted in the locks, a deafening roar rushed ashore, followed by the tinkle of window glass shattering for blocks around. From somewhere behind him, Jack heard a muffled cheer, a hearty burst of joy that the powder magazine had ignited and the HMS Pollux was dead. Turning to put a face to the sound, he noticed that Mr. Mahon was helping the old man, Mr. Beauchamp, direct stretcher crews to the open door of a warehouse. Nearby stood Miss Mahon, her mouth open, eyes bright, as if she were witnessing a display of fire power put on for her amusement. No fear, but something else rested on the curve of her lower lip and the set of her shoulders. They were meant to be together, Jack was certain of it, and he wanted nothing more in life than to hold her in his arms, kiss her with authority, and claim her as his own.
The bones of the Pollux sank to the bottom of the harbor, the last glow of the flames extinguished so rapidly that the wharf was plunged into blind darkness. Out on the harbor, small boats with lanterns flitted like fireflies as sailors searched for their colleagues, men who could not swim but had no choice other than jump or be blown to bits. Sarah slipped between onlookers, to make her way to the safety of Mr. Beauchamp’s warehouse. A swarm of redcoats began to push at the crowd, bayonets glittering in the dim light of lanterns.
“The Royal Navy’s been given a taste of it,” Colonel Lord Herson said.
The officer sidled up to her, standing too close and forcing Sarah to take a step back towards the door of the warehouse. A man carrying a stretcher bumped against her, and she turned her head to avoid the sight of a sailor’s burnt hands, held aloft as if it would be agony to rest them on his chest. Spotting an opening in the throng, she ducked past the colonel and wove through the spectators, making her way home along dark streets. She had avoided any contact with Herson since the day he was billeted in her bedroom. A miserable, unhappy man, he complained incessantly about Charles Town and lambasted the rebels with a cynical tongue that grew tiresome from the instant his lips parted.
The house was quiet when she returned. Like Herson, the rest of the billeted officers were running up and down the town like madmen, shouting their orders and calling out the troops as if sleepy soldiers could douse a fire at sea. It was the officers who were losing the war, that gaggle of incompetent nobles who bought their rank and qualified for their lofty positions with a heavy purse. Sailors at least had to learn their craft; sea captains arose from midshipmen and there were no epaulets for sale. Only a sailor would do as a partner for a woman who believed in fair play and equality among all men.

* * * * *

One lantern cast a dim light in the wardroom. The carpenters were half asleep, doing their best to patch the bulkhead. Amid the odor of charred rope and sawdust, Jack pondered the twist of fate that kept him from his cot where a thick shard of oak had shredded the mattress, the result of the inadvertent broadside fired by the flaming Pollux.
“Fool,” Tony muttered. “Keeping the cannons loaded to terrorize the populace. Came close to sinking us.”
“About Miss Mahon,” Jack said. “You were right.”
“Of course I’m right, Jack, I’m always right,” Tony said. As if he were putting the entire calamity behind him, his face brightened. “Refresh my memory, would you? What exactly are you talking about?”
“She’s a rebel.”
“Because she spends lavishly on her gowns and scrimps on her everyday frocks? That’s a bit of rebelliousness that any man would hope for in a wife. Parsimony where it’s best suited, if you ask me.”
Jack had not meant clothes, which were just as likely borrowed from Miss Sturbridge. How to put into words the tightness in his gut, the card game that lasted longer than the dinner party? Colonial ladies were different, but not so different than their English sisters to be forward with a man, playing to vanity with the skill of a puppet master. The shards from the bulkhead had not embedded in his skull because Miss Mahon did not wish his death. There could be no other explanation.
“She knew this was going to happen,” Jack said. “Why keep us at cards until morning?”
“I can’t believe you’re asking such a question.” Tony knuckled his forehead, a gesture of good night as the carpenter rapped one final stroke of his hammer, sealing up the gap to keep the water out and the rats in. “Why detain us, he asks. None more blind, Jack, eh? Sleep on it, and you’ll have a clear head in the morning.”
In the dark, Jack touched the patch and thought that he could see the fresh wood, as if it were as phosphorescent as the sea. He closed his eyes, only to feel her toes tickling his instep. With one foot, he scratched at the spot, then reached down and clawed at his skin with his fingers. One of the first things he had told her was the date that the Linnea was to set sail. So little time for a proper courtship, and she had done her part by compressing a month’s worth into a single evening, engaging in an act of intimacy that would have been suitable if they were betrothed. With a rough palm, he stroked his calf where her foot had left a trail as permanent as a scar. Time was altered; every day that they might be together was equal to a month in Miss Mahon’s mind and she had invited him to use her modified calendar.
Jack rolled over, to put his back to the scarred wall. Equally likely that the lady was toying with him, a woman’s infinite patience put into use in a long game. Was it possible that she had saved his life so that she could savor the pleasure of breaking his heart? Or was she out to capture it? Nothing made sense, unless he presumed that the confusion of war had given her a sense of purpose, taught her to assess the qualities of her suitors in short order. Officers did not stay long in town, and there was no room to hesitate if she fancied a gentleman.
“Lt. Ashford, sir, per your orders, sir,” the wardroom steward said. Jack sat up with a start, his brain somewhere between dreams and reality. The basin of water went flying as he reached out to the image that he thought he saw in the shadows, the graceful woman in indigo blue who whispered something to him, her hands cupped as if holding a precious gift that he could not see.
“My fault entirely,” Jack said. He rubbed at his eyes to remove the last remnants of his nightmare. His heart was racing, a vague sense of fear lingering. What do you hold there, Sarah, he had asked her in the dream, and she laughed as she had at dinner. It’s your life, my love, she had murmured, it’s in my hands. When he begged her to cherish it, she smiled, and then the morning came. Claret, rich food and an overindulgence in Madeira had done some damage to his head, he decided, ruining what might have been a very pleasant reverie.
“Dreadful night, sir,” the steward said. “Should I fetch more water, sir?”
“If you would, yes. And send for Mr. Winchester,” Jack said. He sat down at the desk mounted in the corner of his tiny cabin and opened the inkwell. The terror of his bizarre dream sat in the back of his head, refusing to evaporate like early fog. As if he were exorcising a demon, he penned his fear to expose it to the sunlight and cast it out. Did you know, he asked Miss Mahon. He had to have an answer.



FOUR

Winchester was gone long enough to have gotten to Church Street and back to the ship at least a dozen times, and still he had not returned. Tired of waiting, Jack made his way past the warehouses, somewhat disoriented by the number of dark-skinned faces that stared back at him. They could have been in Africa, might be in Africa, and the whole of the previous day never really happened. A shard of glass crunched under his foot, a reminder that the loss of the Pollux was quite real indeed.
“Stellar family, brilliant connection, wouldn’t you say?” Tony babbled on, praising the lovely Miss Sturbridge and her father, the nephew of a highly esteemed London barrister. “It’s you who put the notion in my head. Time to settle down. You’ve got the right idea. For once.”
The streets were far dirtier in the light of day, another indication of the disruption in the social order. Judging by last night’s dinner table conversation, a man would be hard pressed to state who was in charge of Charles Town, if anyone was. Something as simple as sweeping the streets was a bone of contention, as if no one were authorized to appoint the most humble laborer. “The admiral believes the fire was accidental,” Jack said.
“Are you back on that again?” Tony asked. “I’d much rather talk about the ladies, if you don’t mind.”
“Carelessness. Had to be,” Jack mumbled. The last wisps of his waking dream were clinging to his thoughts. “Damn me, but isn’t that our snotty now?”
An angelic grin radiated from Winchester’s smooth face, a joy not typical of the novice midshipman. He half ran to meet up with the lieutenants, never once dropping the smile. “Had to wait, sir, for a reply,” he said. “Her ladyship sent me to the kitchen, sir, told me to take my breakfast. The cook, sir, she’s as black as coal. Scared me half to death, but look what she gave me.”
From the pocket of his coat, the one that he was growing out of already, the young man extracted a cloth wrapped bundle. With care, he peeled back a fold of muslin and revealed the remnants of a loaf of bread. For the first time in months, Winchester must have eaten enough to fill his belly, and Jack could not blame the boy for taking advantage of an opportunity that rarely came. Instead of delivering a lecture, he waited for the midshipman to finish spinning his yarn, a culinary voyage through the Mahon kitchen. But after all that eating and waiting, there was no reply from Miss Mahon.
Jack parted company with Tony when they reached a set of wrought iron gates set into a tall stone wall. Where the gates meet, the letters ‘M’ and ‘G’ were intertwined, but it was an ornament. There was no lock. Jack pushed on the center scrollwork and the gate opened with a slight squeak. Before he could enter, a British officer hurried past, in too great a haste to observe the briefest of pleasantries.
“Best get at it, Jack,” Tony called to him. “Fierce competition.” 
“One hour, and then we go walking,” Jack said. Like a military operation, they planned and then reviewed the plans before opening the engagement, a maneuver that would free them from the never blinking eyes of watchful mothers.
Striding with purpose, Jack marched up a walk made of crushed shells that glittered like tiny diamonds in the bright sun. All around him was a lush garden, redolent with the scent of exotic flowers and summer’s last roses.
“Another lamb to the slaughter.”
Eyes focused on the front door, Jack had not noticed a soldier sitting nearby on a plush chair, his bare foot resting on a stool. A thick scar crossed his instep, red and swollen. A smug grin was directed at the naval officer, the look of an aristocrat who spent his childhood pulling the wings off of flies. “Sir?” Jack said.
The gentleman gave him a look of utter insolence, the nobleman looking down his sunburned nose at a lesser mortal. With a lazy flick of his wrist, the soldier stirred up a breeze with a palmetto leaf and reached for a glass that rested on the floor near his boot. “You are here, I presume, to call on Miss Mahon,” the injured man said. “So let me give you some advice,” he paused and eyed the uniform, “Lieutenant. Her suitors have an unpleasant habit of getting killed. It has been my greatest fortune to be soundly rejected.” 
“Then she must be possessed of some remarkable qualities to have beguiled men posted as far north as Saratoga, sir.” Jack could strike a lethal blow when the occasion called for force. “And one cannot question her perspicacity.”
Not even a hint of a smile broke through the mask of disdain. Lord Herson introduced himself with a flourish, lifting an eyebrow when Jack offered his own particulars. As if he suddenly wanted to make friends, Herson chatted pleasantly about the God-forsaken, pestilent colony and the untouchable beauty of the most coy females in creation. Never before had Jack met a more disagreeable son of a bitch. His lordship whined about the injury to his foot, the result of a saber slash at Ninety-Six that grieved him sorely after last night’s call to arms. A compliment to Mrs. Mahon’s tender nursing turned sour when he accused the woman of healing him only to get him out of her house as soon as possible. Jack was grateful for the liveried servant who opened the door, providing a route of escape from the aristocratic horse’s ass.
Mrs. Mahon made no pretext of disguising her sewing when the lieutenant was shown into the space in the garret that served as a drawing room. The local sewing circle carried on, stitching up shirts for General Washington’s men, not caring to hide their activity from a British sailor. When Sarah stood to curtsy, she held the linen fabric in such a way that no one would doubt it was a man’s shirt she was crafting. Beck dropped her embroidery on a chair, embarrassed to be seen not participating in an activity that would have sent her father into an apoplectic fit if he found out she had been involved.
Introductions were made, but when Lt. Ashford saw Beck, he froze for a minute before excusing himself and running out the door. With a clatter of shoe heels he made his escape, followed by a repeat of the noise and his reappearance. Lt. Powell, red-faced and perspiring, was right behind him. The round of introductions was made anew, to much sly laughter and knowing nods from Mrs. Mahon’s circle.
Ashford reached into his pocket and offered Mrs. Mahon the packet of letters that he had picked up off the street. “Not too heavily damaged, I trust,” he said.
A flutter of women’s voices rose in a discordant chorus as the seamstresses commended such thoughtfulness. It was hard to keep from laughing at Mrs. Motte, who called Mr. Ashford a true gentleman, when she would have spat in his face given half a chance. Tired of sewing, Sarah folded the shirt and made a pretext of showing the lieutenants the exquisite delicacy of Beck’s pillowcase, a project that allowed Beck to join the ladies without joining the partisan cause. In the confines of the garret, pretending to a fascination with silk threads was the only way to put some space between Mama’s ears and Jack’s voice.
“And do you now have a reply?” Ashford asked, a stage whisper.
“Of course I knew, Mr. Ashford,” she said. “I had every confidence that you would deliver my father’s letters. And my own items?” 
“I refer to last night,” he stammered.
“Did it compare to a London dinner party, Lieutenant Powell?” Beck asked. The subject changed, mercifully, and Sarah set off on Beck’s tack. Ashford must have realized that he was beaten, because he reached into his other pocket and offered the fashion plates.
Lt. Powell struck a pose, setting his hand against the fireplace mantel, only to pull away when a splinter jabbed his palm. Another example of British vandalism, an offensive and obscene caricature had been carved into the wood by Lord Herson and then gouged out under the express order of Lt. Col. Wright. Before she lost her temper over the recollection, Sarah turned her back to the damage and brought the fashion plates to her mother.
There again were memories of the fall of Charles Town and the sacking of her city. Mama’s friends had to make do with the chairs that were moth-eaten from storage in the garret, while the settees and upholstered chairs were stolen by roving gangs of redcoats and Hessians. Already confining, the ceiling and the walls grew closer, as if the entire garret was shrinking down to imprison her.
“Do let’s watch the soldiers drill,” Sarah suggested. “A walk would be delightful on such a fine day.”
Never had two men moved so quickly to get their hands on their hats. Eager to get outdoors, Sarah was tempted to race down the steps and keep pace with the lieutenants. Her foul mood returned when she exited the front door and discovered Herson lounging like a king on Grandmother Gaillard’s silk upholstered furniture. She gave him the most cursory of cursory nods as she passed, pleased by his self-pitying tone as he punctuated his farewell to the party with a string of complaints at his incapacity. She wished that she had the audacity to suggest a mode of relief from the burden of his injured foot, a job he had begun when he attempted to rally his men against General Lincoln’s troops and sliced through the top of his boot as he swung his sword about like a madman. One swipe of a well-aimed rice cutter and the foot would be summarily detached and Lord Herson dispatched.
In the camp on the edge of town, soldiers marched in smart order, wheeling left and right while the officers trotted by, always offering their greetings to the two young ladies. What was mild annoyance in Lt. Ashford’s eyes became a black storm after an officer guided his horse through a sidestep and closed his show with horse and rider bowing gracefully to Miss Mahon. A rumble of grunts that vibrated through Ashford’s teeth implied a certain possessiveness, as if he were her fiancé and the other officer were an interloping cad. A man with such a touch of jealousy would not leave his pretty wife at home while he commanded his merchant fleet. She would realize her dream of sailing the wide Atlantic, free and independent, if she were Mrs. Ashford who resided in the master’s cabin rather than a planter’s wife living on an elaborate estate where every day dawned the same as the one before.
While Lt. Powell expounded on his extended family, Sarah was disappointed that her suitor had little to say of his own background. The return trip to Church Street was an exercise in pulling teeth, so difficult was it to extract anything about the Ashford clan, beyond a remark that Admiral Arbuthnot held the lieutenant in high regard. Based on past experience, Sarah thought that Ashford would press on with a courtship, but his reticence made her question her instincts about eager young men. She grew unsure about her own behavior, wondering if she had been too aggressive or perhaps not aggressive enough.
Bérthe was pruning her rose hedge when the party returned, ready to pounce on the gentlemen as they walked to the piazza. She invited them to stay for supper, a very informal family gathering, and Sarah knew that her father was behind it, determined to thank Lt. Ashford for taking the trouble to deliver the letters. Given his talent for questioning witnesses, Sarah hoped that her father might have more luck at uncovering Ashford’s history. As much as she longed to avoid marrying a plantation, she would not throw her life away on a man not worthy of her.
They sat in the shade of the pine grove in the corner of the garden, where Richard had created an island of solitude that substituted for the library that had been lost to Colonel O’Hara’s need for an office. “A load of gossip, sir, but news of one’s family is priceless,” he said. Sarah did not believe a word of it, not when Uncle Mahon wrote of little else besides the state of the war in the northern colonies.
A clod of dirt sailed over Sarah’s head, followed by her little brother’s imitation of an exploding shell. In short order, the noise was followed by a screech of anger from the youngest of the Mahon clan. Robbie dashed through the shrubbery, a soldier in pursuit of the enemy and determined to take the field at all costs. Abby let out another cry from her hiding place behind the crepe myrtle.
“Guests, Robert,” Bérthe said to the boy who was about to thrash his way back through the hedge. He yelled out the news to the little girl who was half hidden by a tangle of branches, trying desperately to whack the boy with a long switch.
Sarah’s brother was all of twelve, a hellion now released from the stifling confines of the classroom. Jack detected a familiar pattern to the game between brother and sister, as if the abuse were part of a comic opera that followed an unchanging script. On both sides of the Atlantic, siblings tormented one another, a daily performance. His own brother Lawrence had been brutally cruel to Joseph, the baby of the Ashford clan. Ten years had gone by, Jack suddenly realized, he had not seen his littlest brother since the boy was a baby, and what might he be doing now? They were none of them great letter writers, although Charles was good enough to drop a line to his younger brother when the mood struck. The arrival of another guest broke into the reverie of tallying family ties and ties unraveling.
“Just so,” Etienne Beauchamp said. “Miss Mahon and Miss Sturbridge, together always as if tied at the hip.”
Two words from the old man’s mouth and Jack disliked him at once. When he thought that Beauchamp might be Sarah’s grandfather or uncle, he made an attempt to tolerate him, but the gentleman turned out to be little more than some long standing family friend. Beauchamp had a proprietary air about him, an attitude that extended beyond a merchant’s limited interests. Something about the way that Beauchamp looked at Sarah made Jack’s skin crawl, but he attempted to shake off the initial impression. After all, he had been completely wrong about Mr. Mahon, who was neither a wastrel or a destitute nobleman. In a strange city, with its own unique customs, it was easy for a newcomer to make false assumptions. In all likelihood, his bad opinion of Beauchamp was another example of this misperception. Charles Town was the capital city of flirtation, and the old gentleman was merely a product of his environment. His demeanor towards Sarah was just that, nothing more than the strong French influence that pervaded the Low Country.
A well-worn deal table was hauled out of the house and a few stools set around to supplement the limited seating provided by a wrought iron bench and a mixed collection of weather-beaten wooden chairs. “As I have no dining room of sufficient size,” Mr. Mahon explained, “I shall make use of the vast canopy of God’s heavens.” With a cooling breeze off the bay, Jack was relieved that they would not have to sit indoors, in the airless garret.
After dinner, Sarah offered to show him her mother’s garden, with its notable collection of exotic and native specimens that the lieutenant found equally exotic. Wisely, Beck steered her escort along another path, the couples remaining within eyesight of the observant elders, but just beyond their hearing.
“This is most unusual,” Ashford said, reaching down to examine a fully blown camellia.
Sarah moved to the side, to allow Lord Herson a wide berth through which he could limp past. The man always managed to make his presence felt, as if he were eavesdropping every time that she stepped into the garden with a man.
“Why, that’s a liberty flower, Lt. Ashford,” she said, but her eyes were angled towards Herson. He slowed his step, to hear what she was saying. “It thrives most when most trampled upon.”
Herson spun around, his face red and his lips compressed into a tight line. A rumble of suppressed chuckling rose up from Lt. Ashford’s throat, the sound of a man attempting to maintain his dignified bearing when the urge to laugh out loud was threatening to win. Jack handed the fading bloom to Sarah. “Lord Herson, forgive my lapse of manners,” he said, clearing his throat and adjusting his waistcoat in a flurry of comical activity. “I did not hear you approach.”
“Your failure to notice, sir, will be your undoing.” With that, the colonel strode off, his injured foot miraculously healed.
Taking a seat near the fountain, Sarah was somewhat out of her mother’s keen-eyed sight. Never before had Bérthe been this vigilant, but now that a sailor had come to call, she resurrected some outlandish prejudices against any man who took to the sea. Indirectly, but clearly, Sarah was told that such men were tormented by ungovernable lusts and urges, the result of months without the company of females. As far as Sarah could judge, all men were governed by their lusts, and it made no difference if they were on land or sea or flying through the air.
“Your father seemed troubled tonight,” Ashford said. “May I ask, does he perhaps not approve of me?”
For a second, Sarah shut her eyes in contemplation. This man was truly one of the most clever officers she had met, the sort who did not dribble out important bits of information to a pretty girl who stroked his vanity. In the event that she had guessed wrong about his Whiggish sentiments, she would have to watch her words or risk being the one who revealed secrets. As much as she trusted her assessment, she would have to be cautious. She wanted to encourage him to open his heart to her, to speak freely, while keeping her own counsel.
A drop of water splashed out of the fountain and landed on his hand, a glittering jewel that he did not feel. The fingers were thick, strong, and burned almost as black as Mr. Beauchamp’s footman. She would will his hand to rise, to halt the occupation in its tracks, to push the war back out to sea and far away from her father’s house. The touch of his fingers on her palm would take it all away, bring her peace, a new life, happiness and contentment.
“The loyalty oath,” she said. “My father is under pressure. Yet he swore an oath when he came to the Bar. He takes the demand to sign again as an insult to his character.”
“But if an oath has been broken,” Ashford began, but Sarah cut him off in mid-sentence.
“Broken in London, sir. Not here, where we are made to suffer.” 
“Then that would explain the tea stored in the Exchange, rather than being held safely at the bottom of the bay.” With his hands clasped behind his back, he leaned towards her, imitating to perfection the stern bearing of an unhappy school master. “In the event that London sees the error, the tea can be returned undamaged.”
With a giggle, Sarah turned her head, at the same time moving her skirts to clear one side of the stone bench. Lt. Ashford understood her signal, and eased onto the edge of the seat where he perched as close as he dared while maintaining a discreet distance.
“Thanks to last night’s bombardment, my cabin sustained some damage,” he said. She did not have to turn her head to feel his eyes on her.
“I am happy for it,” she said. Her finger traced the outline of an embroidered vine on her underskirt while she cast her smile at the tops of her shoes. “You must remain longer in Charles Town now.”
“That would please you, a delay in my departure?” 
“You are a most amiable companion, Lt. Ashford.”
They sat in silence for a moment. Ashford slapped at the no-see- ems that buzzed around his shirt collar and dove invisibly at his eyes. “I make no promises, you understand,” he said. “Should I find some way to assist your family, I would of course not hesitate to do what I could.”
“I really don’t see what you could do here.”
He slid back, finding a more comfortable spot on a very hard slab of marble. “Perhaps there is nothing that I can do. But if by some chance I uncover a connection or an acquaintance with influence in the matter.”
“But I could never repay your kindness, sir.”
Even though he was sitting still, Sarah sensed movement, like a fluttering bird trapped in a net. His hands brushed his thighs, as if he was about to take her hand but then caught himself. A gust of wind lifted a thick curl off his forehead while his feet shuffled ever so slightly against the ground. The crunch of children’s feet on the crushed shell path sent him springing up, to return to his former pose of studied nonchalance leaning against the fountain.
A rock splashed into the pool, water splattered Sarah’s face and drenched the meticulously curled tendrils that lay on her shoulder. In an instant, her hedgehog hair style was turned into the image of a drowned rat. From Robbie came a stream of sailor-like threats, a childish Blackbeard the Pirate making his appearance once again on the South Carolina coast. To her surprise, Ashford joined in, as if he were suddenly a boy and not a man of whatever age he was.
“Surely you were frocked as an infant,” Sarah huffed. An hour spent creating her elaborate hair, and all for nothing.
“Loose the sheets, Mr. Mahon,” Ashford called out from his imaginary quarterdeck. With a swift spin, he snatched up Abby. “The Pirate Queen is ours, sir.” Laughing, he turned to Sarah. “I admit to the age of twenty-five, Miss Mahon, but I lay claim to no more than fourteen of those years at this time.”
Abby squirmed away as Ashford threatened to dump her in the fountain, a sea captain’s justice for all bloodthirsty brigands. The little girl ran off to the safety of the pine grove, her tangled red hair flying like a flag behind her, with Rob and Ashford close on her heels. Never before had one of Sarah’s gentlemen displayed such affection for her family. It was as if he were a part of it, like a favorite uncle who fit in seamlessly.

* * * * *

The old man was as annoying as a barnacle, to which he bore a marked similarity. Thinking that he could detach Beauchamp from their presence, Jack soon learned that the gentleman was quite adept at attaching his slimy shell to Sarah’s side and remaining there, firmly fixed in place. Any and all after-dinner conversation was shaped and formed in such a way that Sarah spoke more to Beauchamp than she could to Ashford. Even walking back to the docks, Jack had the displeasure of the old goat’s company.
“I find it remarkable, sir,” Jack said, thoroughly disagreeable and happy to show it, “that so much is made of freedom and rights, yet slavery is untouchable”
“Very perspicacious of you, sir,” Beauchamp said. He slowed his step as they neared an intersection, a parting that Jack had been longing for all evening. “You noticed how vehemently our host promoted the concept of equality? Have you become aware of this belief as it translated into his daughter’s education?”
Already enamored with Sarah’s keen intellect, Jack would not be brushed aside with this blatant attempt to scare him off. Other men might think an educated female was undesirable, but not Jack Ashford. “I greatly admire Miss Mahon’s mind.”
“And her face and figure don’t signify,” Tony added.
Beauchamp found the remark humorous, a harmless joke that Jack took as a betrayal by his closest friend. Anyone who agreed with, or so much as acted with civility towards the old fool, was a traitor to the Ashford cause. “Both face and figure will fade, Tony, but her mind will continue to grow and blossom. To the benefit of the man lucky enough to grow old with her.”
“In that, sir, we are in agreement,” Beauchamp said. “As for the rights of man, we are closer on this issue than you may judge. Our mutual friend, Mr. Mahon, has found his own solution to the moral dilemma, and one that I find difficult to emulate.”
“I did notice that his household staff seemed small for the size of his home,” Jack said. “Does he then own as few slaves as possible to limit his exposure?”
Beauchamp stopped and bowed a farewell to the sailors. He cocked his head slightly, rubbed his chin, and offered a parting shot as the combatants broke away from the engagement. “He freed his slaves, Lieutenant Ashford. Perhaps you can now better appreciate his influence over the leading men of Charles Town.”
A sprightly clatter of heels on cobblestones rang along the dark street as Beauchamp strode away, his shoulders set in verbal victory. “Remarkable courage,” Tony said.
“That pompous buffoon?” Jack spluttered.
“Is that any way to speak of your wife’s father?”
Ship bells rang the hour and the church bells tolled in reply, the only British and American objects that agreed that night. One full day in Charles Town, and Jack no longer felt the same way about the embattled city. He was not wanted here, that much was clear, and he questioned his chances of being accepted as a husband, and possibly a resident at some distant time. Bound by duty, he could not leave the Royal Navy until hostilities ended, yet what welcome might he find on these very docks, awash in bitter recriminations? For Jack, there was no place in England and no place in America. He belonged on a ship, in the middle of the ocean, but that was a no place for a man to raise a family and make a real home.



FIVE

Left, right, left, right; their feet slapped the cobbles in unison. “Why, now, why, now,” Jack repeated in his head, in time with his steps.
New orders had come through, new orders that would separate him from Tony for the first time in ten years. Always serving together, Jack was sent into the navy and Tony ran away from school to join him. This could only be his father’s doing; Lord Bransmore with spies in every corner of the kingdom had managed to insert his chilling rule on the far side of the Atlantic.
“You surely earned your position,” Jack said.
Tony grunted, an acknowledgement that the new post should have gone to the more senior lieutenant. “Hardly glorious. Nanny to a troop ship. First lieutenant in a soldier’s nursery,” Tony grumbled.
“A sight better than blockading a harbor.” Jack clenched his hands behind his back, his pace quickening. “Glorified footman at the door.”
“You’ll look right smart in livery.” 
When the Mahon footman opened the front door, the two lieutenants confused the man with their laughter. They were still chuckling when they breezed into the garret drawing room, putting a good face on an unpleasant turn of events and determined to wring every last drop of pleasure out of the company of two charming young ladies.
The shirts that Sarah and Beck had been sewing were crumpled into balls, a secret to be protected. Like guilty children caught stealing candy, the two girls giggled like fools. Sarah would have choked on her laughter if Beck had not pinched her, hard, on the back of her arm.
“Rather bad news, I’m afraid,” Tony said. He stood at Beck’s side, striking his most elegant pose. In contrast, Lt. Ashford remained as rigid as a statue near the door, his black eyes grown blacker with a building storm, about to unleash its fury. “I ship out on the eighteenth.”
Nothing was funny any more. As if all the air had gone out of the room, Beck could not draw in a breath. She slumped into a chair, face pallid, eyes wet with tears that soon were trickling down her cheek. Sarah was afraid that her friend would burst into hysterical sobbing or even get sick right then and there. “Ten days?” she stammered. “Did I hear right, Sarah? Ten days, Lt. Powell?”
“Really, sir, how could you be so cruel?” Sarah snapped.
“Orders,” Tony said. “Completely contrary to my wishes, I assure your."
Lt. Ashford stared at the mantel clock, as if he could command time to stop running. “Given the circumstances,” he said. “We shall make the most use of every second available.”
“Ten days must be made to suffice, Beck,” Sarah said. The girl needed consolation as much as she did. For the first time, Sarah had found a man who shared some of her interests and attitudes, a bold suitor who was unflappable in the presence of her somewhat unfeminine, well-formed intellect. Not a single planter’s son would have debated politics or warfare with her, as if she were an equal and not merely a woman.
“A great many victories have been won in far less time,” Ashford said. “The Serapis was conquered in less than a week, was it not, Miss Mahon?”

* * * * *

That night, the little group that attended the amateur theatrical at the Lowndes home had a different air about it, as if a powerful wave of urgency had washed away the normal standards of courtship. Mr. and Mrs. Sturbridge took part in some serious discussions with Lt. Powell, the first steps along the path to marriage that normally were undertaken after several months, rather than several days.
As the dreaded eighteenth of September approached, Beck put her whole being into a final analysis of her potential mate, comparing Lt. Powell to the sons of planters and the gaggle of Army officers her parents had deemed suitable for her hand. When the ladies met in the mornings to work on their sewing project, Beck would rehash the conversation of the previous night, to get Sarah’s views on what a string of words could suggest about a man’s ability to love and care for a wife. In the back of her mind, Sarah mulled over her own future. Once Beck was united to Anthony Powell, the girls would never see each other again unless Mr. Ashford made an offer. Now that her cousin Paul was on his way to exile in St. Augustine, she was not so sure that her mother would approve of Mr. Ashford, in spite of his sympathy for the rebel cause. She had to find a way to make things fall into the places she devised, but with so little time, Sarah feared that she would end her days as a spinster pining over a lost love.
Gossip flowed through the shops of Charles Town, the news of the engagement broadcast freely. When next Sarah and Beck called at the draper’s, the other customers were quick to recommend one type of fabric over another as being more suitable for the English climate, under the presumption that Beck was soon to be married and would ship out with her husband. Such talk grated on Sarah’s nerves, especially when some old biddy would imply that Mademoiselles Mahon and Sturbridge, once tightly bound together, were about to be torn asunder by love. No such thing was in the works at all, no such tragedy could be permitted in Sarah’s idea of her future. She and Beck had plans, long standing and unbreakable as only a blood oath could make them.
“Why the long face?” Sarah asked. Beck had not said more than two words since they sat down in Beck’s bedroom to have their hair powdered.
“I should be happy, shouldn’t I?” Beck said, rummaging through her jewel case but not seeing her treasures. “Part of me is, truly.”
“If you have any doubts, you have time to change your mind. The license ain’t signed yet.”
“Sarah, I,” Beck started, only to choke on a sob that she could not quite swallow.
“Do you not love him?”
“I heard them last night. Talking in the garden. Worse than the first invasion, when the partisans broke our windows.” 
“Whatever do you mean? Who was talking?”
However much powder was in their hair, it would have to suffice. Sarah waved the maid out of the room and took Beck’s hands. “Don’t cry, my Becka. You’ll go down to dinner with a red nose and what would your Mr. Powell think of his bride then?”
With a tiny shake of her head, to cast off the shadow, Beck squeezed Sarah’s hands. “Yes, rational. I shall be rational.” She cleared her throat, as she did when she was about to recite her lines in their silly plays. “Last night, my father was speaking of changes. Charles Town has changed. And your father agreed with him.”
“My, my, now that is shocking news,” Sarah said.
“Dead earnest, now, Sarah. My father fears for us all, because of the position he took. Said there’s no room for a man who holds to the law above convenience.”
Never before had Beck uttered a word about politics. Where she stood, with loyalists or partisans, had been kept hidden so that two friends could maintain a loving relationship in the middle of a war. Sarah felt the ground shift under her feet, as if the whole world had just stopped spinning around. “But Papa can talk to them. He did before, and your family was never harmed or driven out.”
“Not this time, I fear. This is a new age. More anger aimed at loyalists, your father said.” Beck’s hand began to tremble. “Mr. Powell has determined that I would be safer in England.”
No levee could be constructed by mortal man that would hold back the flood of tears that poured down. One man’s decree, the power of the husband, and an inseparable pair would be divided, with no thought given to their close ties or their sisterly love. In a world that was built on freedom and enlightened reason, Sarah found the enduring core of a woman’s destiny. Beck had no choice but to go, either as an unmarried daughter under her father’s command or as a wife ruled by her husband’s choice.
They presented a sorry picture at dinner, with red eyes and pale faces that could not be judged pleasing. Sarah had no appetite for anything, instead pushing bits of food around her plate as she wished the meal to end. Lt. Ashford was in a foul mood for no apparent reason, although she suspected that her behavior at the private ball a few days ago had something to do with it.
Her anger began to rise. She had no reason not to flirt with other men, since she was not promised to him or anyone else. A single woman had every right to pursue her personal desires, and Sarah had a duty to her country. It was not her fault that the major was so forthcoming with news of his regiment and where they were headed, and it was her business to find out that the army was not going into North Carolina, but was staying in the south to mop up the last of the partisan bands. Ashford was out of bounds to be so sour, to blame her for captivating a gullible officer and not devoting her every waking minute to amusing a man who could easily claim her devotion if he would but ask. Let the storm clouds hover in his eyes, then. He wanted the rights of an engaged man, but without becoming engaged, and she was not granting such liberties.
Distraught and upset, Beck choked on her rice pilau and Lt. Powell was on his feet at once, holding a glass of water to her lips. Sarah was certain that Ashford would not be so quick with a drink if it was her choking, but it was her own fault. Having confined her suitors to the coterie of dunces that were His Majesty’s officers, she was accustomed to one sort of man but Ashford was definitely another type altogether. Naturally she had misjudged him, one too smart to be led around like a docile bull. Foolish to pin her hopes on such a man, but there was yet hope that Beck could talk Mr. Powell out of relocating, or perhaps convince him that South Carolina was superior to cold and gloomy England. Sarah would marry someone else, another who would be willing to fall into line so that she could always remain Beck’s friend and confidante.
“In gratitude,” Beck said, launching into a speech that would accompany a distribution of gifts from the ladies to the gentlemen. Having enjoyed their port, the men were glowing, ruddy-faced, sipping tea with the ladies in the drawing room. If she could have taken enough drink to ease her mind, Sarah would have been in her cups.
Mortified, she gave her paper-wrapped package to Lieutenant Ashford, sorry now that she had used her last length of indigo blue grosgrain to hold the parcel together. Her eyes studied the grain of the wood floor, observed the worn spot on the settee where Mrs. Sturbridge usually perched like a spectator at the opera.
“Such skill,” Lt. Powell proclaimed. He held up the shirt for all to see, the one that Beck had slaved over until every stitch was perfect. The linen had been confiscated from Bérthe’s bolt of cloth that was meant for His Excellency, General Washington’s men. Sarah was deeply sorry now that she had even thought of it in the first place, to deprive patriots of clothes that they desperately needed so that she and Beck could impress a couple of men they expected to be marrying. Only one of them had gotten it right. “I shall surely wear this on our wedding day, my dear.”
Sarah cringed at the very mention of wedding days. The sewing had begun as a clever little amusement for the gentlemen, but life had taken such a serious turn. Beck was the very image of domestic duty, stitching up her husband’s shirts, while Sarah was a thorough idiot in pursuit of a man who only wanted the chase and not the capture. She watched as Ashford inspected her sewing, like a man deciding how much to settle on the seamstress.
“Commendable skill with your needle, Miss Mahon,” he said. His finger brushed against the black silk stitches along the back hem, Sarah’s embroidered signature on a work of art. He held the tail closer to his face, to study the rest of the embroidery, and he let out a snort. “Do I dare to wear this?”
“Wear it and be a true rebel, sir,” she said. And may the thirteen French knot stars on the field of blue rub a gaping hole into your well-muscled bottom. May the red and white stripes become an indelible scar, a constant reminder of the Charles Town lady who was left behind.
Beck and her parents entered into another one of their endless conferences. With nothing better to do, Sarah sat at the harpsichord and ran her hands over the keys. This, too, would soon be gone, packed up and loaded on board some creaking old ship and sent back from whence it came. She jumped when Lt. Ashford brushed against her shoulder, but quickly regained her composure and started a new tune.
“The Serapis wore round our ship for to rake,” she sang, a private performance for Ashford. “And many proud hearts of the English did ache.” He stood at her side, watching, listening, enthralled by her voice.
Getting no reaction from him when she wanted to annoy him, she finished the song and began on something more funereal to better suit the atmosphere in the room. Mrs. Sturbridge mentioned sending furniture to Beck’s brother who was safely ensconced at the Inns of Court and far away from the reach of the enlistment officers. Perhaps it was time to resurrect an old notion from her idyllic childhood, when she considered marrying the young gentleman so that she and Beck could become true sisters. Little chance of that, probably, as the man had not seen her for at least four years, before scrawny Sarah Mahon became an attractive and desirable woman. She closed the lid on the harpsichord. The evening was over.
Lt. Powell lingered at the door, giving some last minute instructions about the wedding. Drifting through the garden, waiting for her escort home, Sarah created pictures in her mind, to preserve the memory of the Sturbridge house that would soon belong to someone else. Ashford followed at her heel, silent and pensive.
“I’m sorry that you and Lt. Powell must part ways,” she said. “Painful, I know.”
“Call of duty,” he mumbled in reply. “When you next make a shirt for me, might I request that you stitch a liberty flower in the hem?”
“It was a gift, sir, and a foolish one at that. Look on it as a payment for the kindness that you have shown me. Your attentions were a most pleasant diversion.” She plucked a stem of lemon verbena, to tuck into her Bible as a keepsake. “As you are leaving in two days, sir, I must advise you that I am unable to construct a shirt of good quality before you ship out.”
He was not as clever with a phrase as he needed to be at this moment. Cowardly on his part, to try to get her to do the asking in some roundabout way. The moonlit stroll in the garden was coming to an end, and another opportunity was slipping through his fingers. Jack stood behind her as she sat, waiting for Tony to steal one last kiss before returning to the Linnea. Sarah’s hands rested in her lap, her skin nearly luminous, as if she were a mermaid in a phosphorescent sea. He had an urge to touch her fingers, to see if they were wet with salt water, to feel her softness in the rough creases of his palms.
“Funny thing,” she said. “My father has the impression that he no longer need fear banishment from the province. Why ever would he think that, Lieutenant?”
The letter that he had dictated to Admiral Arbuthnot’s secretary was largely a work of fiction, filled with subtle threats aimed at Lt. Col. Balfour that had the Admiral roaring with conspiratorial laughter. While it was true that Lord Bransmore had His Majesty’s ear when it came to the Royal Navy, it was a complete lie to infer that the honorable baron would lift a finger to help his son make such an alliance as was proposed, but the Admiral was a maternal relation not overly fond of Lord Bransmore. The assertion that Miss Mahon was bringing a considerable dowry to the union was a flight of fancy, but no one could argue with the potential for disgrace that would fall on the Ashford name if the bride’s father were to be arrested and imprisoned. Jack knew well enough that the typical clerk checked nothing, and if Balfour cared to discuss the situation with Lord Bransmore, it was two months to London and two months back for a reply.
“Your father’s powers of persuasion no doubt carried the day,” Jack said.
Sucking in a humid gasp of courage, Jack sat down on the ground at Sarah’s feet and scared her half out of her wits. He meant to fix a love- besotted gaze upon her, but his eyes were drawn to the sliver of moon that shone over her head. “A beautiful night, is it not,” he said.
“I am about to lose my dearest friend, and yet the sky is clear and the stars are bright. How can it be?”
“Sarah.” He knelt before her, a sharp piece of shell biting into his shin. Without thinking, he took her hands, the fingers trembling as if she were cold. His lips brushed her wrists, the smell of her perfume clouded his thoughts and he imagined that he was floating on a sea of roses, buds and blooms of every hue. “Say you will.”
“Jack, my dearest Jack.”
In the intimate whisper of a wife, he heard the name that she would sigh in their bedroom, the appellation that no other person would hear from her lips but him. As if she were a puff of wind or the softest cloud, he lifted her up so that he could kiss her properly, firmly, and seal his claim.
“Tony,” he shouted up at the door, but whether or not Tony heard him made no difference. “Seeing Miss Mahon home.”
At a pace that resembled a flat out sprint, Jack dragged Sarah by the hand, racing to have a word with her father. In triumph, the conquering hero pushed open the gate and strode up the path, Sarah’s delicate little hand on his arm. To his surprise, the house was alight with hundreds of candles and alive with the sounds of a well attended ball. Coming out of the door were two African women, dressed as elegantly as any high born Charles Town belle.
“Tarleton gives no quarter,” Sarah hissed, “and neither do the ladies of Charles Town. Behold the Ethiopian Ball, Jack, hosted by my father’s honored guests. Would you ever be so desperate for female company as to cavort with slaves?”
At the door to the house, Lord Herson was bidding a pleasant good evening to a pair of women with skin as brown as sable. Music poured out of the open door, the tones of an elegant minuet that sounded identical to the one he had danced to not three nights ago. He had seen the same group of society ladies, night after night, a clear indication that there were few outlets available to a man in need of female company. What he found most offensive was that Herson had the audacity to entertain such low-bred women here, in Mahon’s home, with the family in residence. The ball was more of an expensive insult than a festive gathering.
They slipped up the back stairs to the garret, the rough planks in contrast to the graceful swirl of steps that led out of the foyer in the front of the house. As he climbed higher the temperature rose, until Jack was dripping with sweat when he wanted to appear to his best advantage. Mr. Mahon was not so concerned with his appearance, having been roused from a disturbed sleep. His hair was disheveled, his dressing gown falling off one shoulder, and he was less than happy to be troubled by another Englishman.
“What the devil cannot wait for morning?” he asked, and Jack swallowed hard. He had no idea what time it was, as he stupidly fumbled with his waistcoat and twisted his neck to make his stock less constricting.
“Sir,” Jack said. He sound entirely too pompous. “I have come to ask for your daughter’s hand. She has already consented.”
Mahon fixed a disbelieving gaze on his oldest daughter. “And you have accepted him, Sarah?” 
“Yes, Papa.”
A weary hand rubbed across a weary face. Mahon pondered the couple who stood before him, his hand resting on his cheek. “ Go see your mother.”
With that, Sarah was gone, her shoes battering a rhythm on the floor that faded into silence. One candle lit the room, casting long shadows on the bare walls. Ready for a grilling, Jack gripped his hands behind his back, set his feet solidly underneath him, and waited for the storm to batter him. Mr. Mahon sighed, pulled his dressing gown closed, and waved at a chair that Jack could barely make out in the darkness. Too nervous to sit, he began to pace as if he were commanding the fleet and the French were half a day’s sail away.
“Understand me, sir,” Mr. Mahon said. “I have come to despise all that you represent. Only days ago, I passed the auction house and discovered that the people I had freed were on the block. And what of my declarations to the authorities, my proof of manumission? Laughed at, Mr. Ashford, as the documents were filed with the rebel government and thus invalid. Such inhumanity cannot be excused. Or forgiven.”
“It is a matter I know nothing of, sir. A question of the army’s tactics,” Jack said. The wind was out of his sails now, and he began to contemplate the wisdom of running away with Sarah, despite the scandal that would follow.
“My plantation home has been burned to the ground. My townhome is filled with soldiers. I will not see my daughter married in a garret, sir, because my drawing room is not available to me unless I go begging to authorities whose authority I will not recognize.”
Simple enough to ask the officer in charge to vacate the house and take his staff with him for one day. Jack thought about making the offer, not sure if he would appear overbearing when it was not his place to make any such arrangements, or if it was something to be done behind Mr. Mahon’s back.
“You say that Sarah has accepted you?” Mr. Mahon’s gaze was fixed and unblinking.
“She has.” Jack could already hear the riotous laughter that would soon erupt. Mr. Mahon was playing with him, as a cruel child would poke an injured bird to make it fly while it lay dying.
“Then there is nothing for me but to accept her decision.” The pause was the mark of an acclaimed barrister, a moment for Jack to let the words sink in. He could only wonder if Sarah was so spoiled that her father gave her everything, or if he had actually scored a point in his own favor.
“I can assure you, sir, that she will be well cared for. By me.” Pleading a case before the finest legal mind in Charles Town was an exercise in either raw courage or sheer stupidity. “My family has a home.”
“Good to hear, sir. Better than a cave, wouldn’t you say?”
“On the estate. My father’s estate. Although my brother Charles will be the next Baron Bransmore when the time comes, as the second son I have the use of a house and gardens. Some land.”
“Your father is Lord Bransmore?” Mahon’s tone had been warming; it turned icy cold. Every diatribe that had been heard in the House of Lords had found its way to the colonies, printed on broadsheets and spread from north to south. The words of Lord Bransmore were fuel to colonial rage.
“Please, sir, judge me on my own merits,” Jack said, too hastily. “I am my own man, Mr. Mahon, and I confess to you that I do not share my father’s beliefs. Honor and respect, aye, I am bound by the word of God, but I am not Lord Bransmore.”
“What merits do you possess, then, young man? Prospects? An officer in the Royal Navy, the son of a man who makes the Admiralty his second home. Tell me about your prospects.”
“Know that I am ambitious, sir, and I intend to succeed without my father pulling strings. Although my career is short, I have served with distinction.” Jack stopped. He was trying too hard to impress, trying too hard to steer clear of all that the man implied. Whatever merits he might possess, with his father’s influence unavoidable, Jack would eventually become an admiral if he remained with the Royal Navy. He could be the most incompetent sailor in the kingdom, and still he would be promoted, but to speak bluntly before Mr. Mahon was to risk accusations of treason should word leak out. In a matter of months, or at most a few years, Jack fully expected to be quit of the Navy and the master of his own merchant ship, another immigrant making his way in South Carolina.
“Concerning your father’s sentiments, so well known to me.” Mahon’s voice took on an exaggerated, drawn out sort of drawl. “Yet you propose to send my child into his less than loving arms, to be looked after, alone and friendless?”
“No sir, indeed not,” Jack mumbled. He had never once thought of anything beyond coming home to an elegant abode on Church Street, racing up the stairs and jumping into bed. “Your advice would be welcome, Mr. Mahon. Whatever she wishes, so I wish.”
Mahon smiled, a look of absolute wisdom aimed at the village idiot. Jack sank into the chair, his plans so poorly formed now shown to be puffs of vapor that had already blown away. “You have but little to offer my daughter, Lieutenant,” he said.
“Just a small income from land in Hampshire,” Jack admitted. “Enough to live in some comfort. Not a great deal, sir, no.”
“Some find our American notions rather odd. All this talk of liberty. Words I live by, or at least try to. And so, my daughter is free to choose her own husband, and I accept him. A girl might take a fancy to a wealthy planter’s son. Or she might fall in love with,” again Mahon paused for effect, “a man of good name and few prospects.”
“She should accept what her husband can provide, in that case,” Jack said.
Mahon shrugged. “Some might see it that way. We buried so many children, my wife and I, that I came to indulge those who remained to me.”
The sounds of the ball drifted up through the open windows, high pitched laughter mixed with the lower range of men’s voices. A glass crashed and shattered, a door opened and was then slammed shut. Jack had no idea where his marriage proposal stood.
“This, sir, can wait until morning. Are you free at ten o’clock? Come to my offices, near the Exchange. Anyone can guide you. Good evening, Lt. Ashford. Sarah will see you out, and you can kiss your bride good-night.”
Based on the set of her father’s shoulders, Sarah guessed that he had admitted defeat and her mother would have to give in if Papa gave the word. Taking the candle, and leaving her father to find his way back to his room in the dark, she showed Jack to the back door. As she reached out to open it, Jack took her in his arms and kissed her again. Her world, her plans, her hopes and dreams were coming back together, the way she and Beck had decided all those years ago, and never could a woman know more happiness than this.
“Mrs. Ashford,” he said in between kisses.
“Good night, Lt. Ashford.” Richard shouted down the stairs, the tone of a very angry man.
“We’re to meet in the morning,” Jack said, one foot out the door. Another growl from above, and Sarah pushed him out, pulled the door closed, and fixed the latch. No point in risking Papa’s wrath over a few little kisses.



SIX

A heavy downpour had done little to clean the streets. Jack sidestepped puddles of muck, determined to keep his stockings clean rather than appear less than prosperous at this critical meeting. His stomach twisted on words, on all the things over which he had no control. Whatever privilege might have come his way through birth, he wished that he had some anonymous and non-descript parentage to claim instead.
Mahon’s office had the air of a men’s club, with paneled walls and sturdy furniture that suited a man’s proportions. Clerks huddled over desks lined up near a large window, where gunmetal skies provided dim light on the September morning. Books and papers, the tools of the barrister, were spread and stacked and scattered around the room. A gap appeared in a wall and a young clerk bowed to Jack, calling him to the inner sanctum that was accessed through a cleverly disguised door.
Mr. Mahon came from behind a large desk to greet his guest, making a display of genial hospitality that Jack had come to associate with Charles Town. Already nervous and unsteady, the lieutenant was knocked off balance when the powdered perruque of Etienne Beauchamp rose above the back of a large arm chair. The old man sized him up in one glance, an eyebrow raised in surprise that the son of Lord Bransmore had the audacity to turn up.
An offer of refreshment was made and declined. The sooner this ordeal was over, the better for all involved. Should things fall apart in this office, Jack and Sarah would have to elope, he had already decided, and so the official meeting with Mr. Mahon was not the end of the affair. The next few minutes were part of a formality to be followed, and nothing more.
“After much thought, sir,” Mahon said. “I believe that I could find your proposal more palatable if I could look on you as a rice planter.”
“In light of my current profession, might I ask that you think of me as a merchant master?” Jack countered. If it was a game to be played, then he would play it. “At such times as I have pondered my life, I have concluded that I am most suited to a life at sea.”
“We would be most suited if you were a master today, sir,” Beauchamp said.
“Ask him to resign his commission on the spot, Beauchamp?” Mahon asked.
The lines could not have been rehearsed as it was impossible for either man to know what Jack would say. Should Beauchamp next offer him employment, Jack would have to dance carefully around the entanglements. He was going to marry Sarah, of that he was certain, but he would sooner go begging than owe his livelihood to Etienne Beauchamp.
“Please, Lt. Ashford, do sit down,” Mahon said. “My neck will snap in two if I must continue to look heavenward to meet your gaze.”
Jack’s mind was geared for battle, too preoccupied to know that he was standing, hat cradled in the crook of his arm as if the Admiral were momentarily expected at the gangway. Apologizing, he took a seat and shifted his hat to his lap, as if it afforded some protection from patriotic ire.
“You feel that a wife should subsist as best she can on her husband’s earnings.” Mahon began the cross-examination. During a pause, the room filled with the sounds from the street, muffled and indistinct. “Your means are inadequate, sir, for what I would wish for my daughter. Rest assured, she is prepared to be a commendable housewife.”
“Thanks to her mother and not to you,” Beauchamp said.
Mahon laughed at the jibe, as if he took pride in creating some sort of female freak. “Prepared for a new nation, the American woman. Able to take on a husband’s duties while he serves his country. His equal partner, in a manner of speaking.”
“As we men must look to our duty beyond the domestic,” Beauchamp continued the thought. “It is the very core of democracy. What use is the frail flower, unaware of her husband’s business, and then incapable of managing his affairs when he must be absent?”
“Would you put her in breeches as well, sir?” Jack asked. Beauchamp slapped his thigh, as if Jack had formed the wittiest quip ever uttered. “I’ll leave that to the actresses, Lieutenant, and not complain of the view.”
“Do you find such a woman unpleasant?” Mahon turned the phrase so that Jack was snared, no matter which way he replied. Jack’s mouth moved, but there were no words yet.
“My duties at sea, for long periods of time,” Jack fumbled for the best route away from Mahon’s rocky shoals. “My wife must be capable of managing our household.”
“You do not propose to send her to England, do you?” Mahon said. “Considering the dangers at present, I cannot permit such a thing. And the only way I can safeguard my daughter, sir, is to deny your request until such time as she might travel safely.”
“Perhaps local accommodations could be had,” Beauchamp suggested.
“The cost of goods in this city is ruinous, and growing more dear by the minute,” Mahon said. “Do you have sufficient income? No, indeed, you implied as much last night.”
“And yet he is bound to his promise, already made,” Beauchamp said.
The barrister’s pregnant pause plunged the room into silence, marked by the rhythmic ticking of the clock. Jack had no solution, did not know where his wife could be lodged and certain that he would never stoop so low as to ask her father to continue maintaining her after marriage. He shifted his damp hands around the brim of his hat, eyes fixed on Mr. Mahon to show that Jack Ashford was not about to back down.
“A planter’s life is most comfortable,” Mahon said. 
“I know nothing of farming, sir,” Jack replied.
“All you need is a competent overseer,” Beauchamp said, his wisdom given in a most congenial way. There he was, a friend, and Jack had been wrong about the old man. Beauchamp was taking his side, parrying Mahon’s objections with solutions, fighting Jack’s battle when the lieutenant was disarmed.
“Here we are, Lt. Ashford. You have little income, it is dangerous for my daughter to travel, yet I am bound by oath.” Mahon picked up a piece of paper, covered with a clerk’s neat script. “Therefore, I propose to settle an income on my child, and, should you then choose to engage in rice cultivation, I will settle a plantation on her.”
“A small man would take offense at such a bargain,” Beauchamp said. Giving Jack a pointed look, he added, “And you, sir, are no small man.” 
Beauchamp might just as well have said outright that it was the best offer any gentleman could expect in a marriage contract. Looking for flaws or tripping points, Jack hesitated before countering the offer. Mr. Mahon filled in the gap by detailing the size of the proposed income and the acreage of the plantation in question. Five hundred pounds per year was more than Jack earned from his own small holding in Hampshire, which in turn was far less than one thousand acres of South Carolina farm land.
“I ship out tomorrow, sir,” Jack said, ready to sign and grateful for Mahon’s generosity.
“Do you suggest a wedding this afternoon, is that it?” Beauchamp asked with a chuckle.
“One other point, in that case,” Mahon interrupted. “At sixteen, Sarah is too young to be married this afternoon.”
“But, Mr. Mahon, I will agree to this.” Jack put his hand on the document, as if he were swearing on a Bible.
There were more codicils, to be dropped like boulders, one by one, until Jack was crushed under their weight. He had to swear that Sarah’s income would be hers alone, to do with as she saw fit, in a most American gesture of female independence. No ceremony would be considered before her seventeenth birthday, while all that Jack had was a single day.
“Rest assured, she knows her own mind,” Beauchamp consoled the flustered officer. “As she feels for you today, she will most likely remain so through December.”
Defeated, Jack leaned back into the cushion of the chair. “I have no choice but to accept your qualifications and encumbrances.” There would be no afternoon wedding, no evening bedding. Without reading a word of the document, Jack signed it with the knowledge that Sarah was no closer to becoming Mrs. John Ashford than she had been ten days ago. He had gained nothing more than an understanding, a mutual agreement that would blossom into a formal engagement in some hazy and distant future. The problem was, Jack had no idea when he might return to Charles Town, if ever. The war was not yet over and the French navy was possessed of superior ships and guns that would soon be shooting at him.

* * * * *

Pointless bustle kept Sarah’s mind off of her misery. Jack had shipped out two days before Beck’s wedding, when Sarah got soaked watching the Indomitable leave the bay through a dreary drizzle, and then she sniffled her way through the ceremony that took place amidst packing crates and excelsior. The captain of the Linnea had to stand as proxy for Jack, who was somewhere off the coast of Georgetown or Savannah or who knew where. Sarah missed him, more than she ever thought she would, and her mood grew more foul as the days went by. Seeing Lt. Powell off, and then bidding farewell to Beck, was enough to break Sarah’s heart completely to tiny pieces.
Utterly unfit company for anyone by the end of September, Sarah watched as her friends migrated back to the country, while she anticipated a dreadful winter season in the socially bereft city. With so much going wrong in her life, it was no wonder that she sassed the chinless wonder of an officer when he tried to pass her a billet deux on the street. Even Lt. Col. Balfour had failed her when she pleaded her case to the commandant, who decreed that Miss Mahon should be sent away from the city. “For your own good, my dear,” he had said, and the devil take him for his impudence. Isolation in the city became exile to any plantation that would take her until she learned to hold her tongue, which would never happen.
“I fear that you may find my mother much changed,” Etienne Beauchamp said as he rode with Sarah to Riverside.
The phaeton shuddered over a rut on the river road, shaking Sarah out of a bout of self-pity. If Mr. Beauchamp had been talking to her all along, she had not heard a word he said. The fact that she was to spend the season at Riverside as a guest of Madeleine Beauchamp was not cooling Sarah’s fire. There were plans in place when she was a girl of twelve, with the formidable matriarch prepared to usher Sarah through her first season in society, but now Sarah was forced to go rather than exercise her free will, and this banishment would spoil the entire winter. So let them shut her away in the country; Sarah would mow down fields of officers, break hearts with cold and calculating ease, and they would be sorry that she was not allowed to stay in town.
“What the doctor has diagnosed as apoplexy, in combination with a softening of the brain,” Etienne continued. “I forget that she is very old, when I myself feel like a young man.”
A new disappointment stabbed at Sarah. Every plan ever made was coming to nothing, leaving her with no solid plans after all. Her life was in turmoil, the straight road that she was raised to follow was torn up by cannon balls and marching feet and old age.
“There is no gaiety in Charles Town any more,” she said.
“She is most disappointed,” he said. “At any rate, she would be, if she were more fully aware.”
The horses were not well paired and pulled unevenly, but Mr. Beauchamp ignored the inconveniences like everyone else had learned to do. His last remaining blood stock was kept hidden from the thieving Royal cavalry, and he would never chance hitching up a fine carriage horse when it would be stolen in a minute. Any beast capable of hauling a wagon would become His Majesty’s property these days, and the quality horses were nowhere to be seen. There would be no riding parties this winter, no opportunity for Sarah to show off her form and figure while mounted.
“We are not yet defeated, are we?” Etienne asked. Sarah sensed that he was trying to gain her attention, while her mind meandered through last year’s private balls. “So, let us make our own gaiety, Miss Mahon, and the redcoats can savor the taste of our fine American lead if they cannot see that it is well past time that they went home.”
“You used to call me Sarah,” she said. Her childhood had been blissful, and now the old places that she once knew were in ruins, the countryside a shambles.
“Do you wish that I might call you Sarah again?”
To turn back time would be magical, to be a child with a world of promise opening up to her. There was the day she had turned twelve, when Mr. Beauchamp gave her a woman’s side saddle, telling her that she was officially a lady and not a baby. The dark bay that had come with the saddle, one of Mr. Beauchamp’s extravagant surprises, was smuggled out of Riverside and spirited off to Virginia ahead of the occupying British army, sent into exile for its own good, just like Sarah. “Right now I do, yes, sir,” she grumbled.
They rode past the entrance to the Purefoy plantation, occupied by the British while the family sought comfortable refuge in London for the duration. Plumes of smoke, aligned in orderly rows, hinted at the presence of an army camp. It was true, then, that Lord Cornwallis had not moved to catch the rag tag militia as it fled north. His troops were still here, in numbers that hinted at their inability to eradicate the ongoing threat to their supply lines. The thought of Cornwallis and all his men, wandering in the wilds of the back country with no food, no shoes, no boots and no bullets, helped a great deal to lift Sarah’s black mood.
“Business calls me to Georgetown,” Etienne continued the discussion that Sarah had only half heard. “Your presence at Riverside will relieve me of a very heavy burden of great concern.”
“If I had something useful to do, I could be happier,” Sarah said. Anything to distract her from the brooding that she could not smother.
“Nothing wrong with a minor indulgence in personal pity.” Etienne paused to nod at the scarlet coated officer who rode by, a heavy set man who touched his hat without a suggestion of civility in the cold greeting. Sarah screwed up her face and stuck out her tongue at the back of the lobster. “I am sure that your own father sank low when it looked like he would be barred from selling his crop. Yet he recovered his senses and searched for a means to achieve his goal. Quite successfully, I should add.”
Good advice, and Sarah understood Mr. Beauchamp’s subtle hint. She was the well-educated daughter of a barrister, and she had been downcast long enough. There was work for her in the country, important missions that could only be accomplished if she were residing outside of the town, where the population of soldiers was thin. As Mr. Beauchamp explained it, Sarah came to see that Lt. Col. Balfour had actually done the partisans a great service by sending an accomplished messenger to a place where she could move about with greater ease.
A series of dinner parties and dances would give her access to the sources of information that General Sumter and General Marion needed. Ladies often rode out to watch soldiers drill, Etienne reminded her, but who would expect one of the gathered beauties to examine the living conditions and state of troop health? Best of all, a lady traveling from one house party to another could easily ferry messages between militia leaders, and never be suspected of such treasonous deceit.
The sun was setting by the time Sarah reached Riverside with her trunks and a fresh outlook. As Mr. Beauchamp pointed out on the last mile of the journey, a woman had to give up girlhood friendships when she married, since her duty to her husband was an all-consuming labor of love. Friends moved down a rung; not gone, but not of primary concern. It was hard to picture Beck with her arms full of babies, but that would happen naturally enough, and then she would not even recall her vow of lifelong friendship. Sarah and Beck would ever be as close as mature women could be, but it would not be the same because married life was not at all like a child’s carefree world. In which case, Sarah would have to learn how to adapt.
Arrival at the piazza of the big house was as unchanged as the house itself. The carriage pulled up to the steps, a pair of Negro boys held the horses by the bridle, and the ancient Methuselah of a footman handed Sarah down. As they had for the past hundred years, all the servants who clustered around, porting cases and opening doors, wore the Beauchamp livery of indigo blue faced with red and presented the identical scene that played out every time Sarah came to call. In a way, time stood still at the plantation, and it was restful to experience one thing that had not varied since the war began.
“Bérthe, ma chère,” Madeleine Beauchamp croaked, her voice weak.
“This is her daughter, Maman. Our dear Sarah,” Etienne said. Apparently, Madame Beauchamp had gone deaf as well, for Etienne had taken to shouting.
Empty eyes, watery blue, gazed vacantly at Sarah’s face. Madeleine stared, one corner of her mouth drooping, and looked through Sarah as if the girl was not even there. Then some spark struck, and the worn face flamed into life, the image of the woman who had been full of grand plans not eight months ago. “Has the dancing begun already?” she said in French, as if the English language was also forgotten.
“As you can see,” Etienne said to Sarah, a slight gesture of loss in the wave of his hand.
A servant acting as nurse hovered at Madeleine’s shoulder, racing to prop up the woman when she began to droop, mopping up the trickle of drool as the limp body sank back again. “I don’t know what she want, sir,” the nervous girl mumbled.
“Of course you do not, Naomi,” Etienne said. He twisted his head so that he could speak to Sarah in confidence. “Cowers like a beaten dog. Told Mr. Eaton that she was taken as chattel by the British and marched through the woods, then left to die. Her family sold down to the sugar plantations, war prizes, from what he could gather.”
Finding a safe haven at Riverside had saved Naomi’s life, while many other slaves had perished after being turned out of their plantation homes. Slaves owned by partisans were known to have been left to starve in the wilderness, told that they were free but having no place to go. Some thought they were being freed, only to find themselves on the auction block once again, to gain nothing more than a hard life and an early death in the West Indies. As for the slaves owned by loyalists, slaves they remained, unless they could escape to the shelter of His Majesty’s forces and hope that their master did not come looking for them. They were all pawns in the Mad King’s game, moved about as he saw fit, and no one in London cared one whit about any of them.
“Miss Mahon will supervise Madame’s care,” Etienne said. “You may address all your questions to her, and she is authorized to exercise her discretion.”
With her eyes on the floor, Naomi nodded with vigor, as if she was shaking off a heavy burden. Caring for the old matriarch would have fallen to one of Mr. Beauchamp’s sisters by custom, but only one of the Beauchamp belles was still alive, and she was in France. Had there been a young Mrs. Beauchamp, the wife would be expected to manage, but there had never been a bride brought to Riverside. Instead, the burden was being placed quite firmly on Sarah’s shoulders.
“Mistress of Riverside,” Beauchamp said, bowing to Sarah like a courtier greeting the Queen. With his declaration, she gained authority over thousands of acres and hundreds of slaves. “Let us show all of Charles Town what an educated woman can do. Put another jewel in your crown of accomplishments.”



SEVEN

From her post in the morning room, Sarah tore into her duties at first light. She had the day’s menu settled before breakfast, saw to it that Madeleine was dressed and fed, fielded Naomi’s endless questions and reviewed Mr. Eaton’s inventories and orders. A sense of value, of worth and importance, left Sarah a bit dazzled and thoroughly happy.
Mindful of the season and the cycle of chores, she had the creamery scrubbed and readied for cheese making. She used Madeleine’s recipes for beer, saw to it that the corn mash was fermented and the soap made, inspected the sewing and knitting, and tackled so many tasks that she was exhausted after two days. Training Naomi was an exercise in patience, but the girl came to settle into a routine in three weeks time and was quite self-sufficient after that, leaving no further use for the old woman’s maid. It made sense for Mary Gilhooly to enter Sarah’s service, especially because Mr. Mahon could not afford a personal servant for his daughter and the mistress of a plantation required a personal servant. Aware that her daily appearance improved markedly under Mary’s guidance, Sarah was in no hurry to return to her father’s more modest household.
Isolated in the country, Sarah had little idea of the state of Charles Town until her family came to Riverside at the end of October. Life on Church Street had become intolerable, with an ever growing swarm of black boots stomping up and down the stairs at all hours, leaving a trail of mud as a reminder of the occupation. Her father was arguing almost daily before the Board of Police, fighting against the assault of amercement and sequestration that was the military’s weapon against the unarmed citizens. From the plantation to the city, Mr. Mahon went into battle with his reason and his words, and came back to Riverside at night with tales of frustration and anger that put everyone on edge.
On drives to watch the troops drill, Sarah did her best to mind her duty and her manners. While her friends chattered away like mockingbirds, discussing some officer’s conceit or another’s shining blue eyes, she contributed but little to the general conversation because she was focused on the condition of the soldiers’ uniforms and equipment. General Sumter could use such information, to be told if the infantry appeared somewhat hungry, or fatigued, or threadbare, for that meant the militia was doing its job at disrupting supply lines. Given that the patriot militia was often hungry, frequently fatigued, and threadbare to the point of being half-naked, she wondered why the British did not take heart in the poor condition of the partisans, who had no supply trains and precious little supplies.
The rainy season came on, and Sarah marked the third month that passed without word from Beck. Neither had Jack sent so much as two lines, as if he had indeed forgotten all about the girl he claimed he wanted to marry. Waiting for Beck’s reply to a request for information about Jack was misery, never quite certain that her father and Mr. Beauchamp were not right after all, that a passing fancy had passed. She knew that Beck would be honest, tell her outright if Mr. Ashford had moved on to another conquest, but waiting for that kind of news was nerve wracking.

* * * * *

Sarah stared vacantly at the dressing table mirror and sighed. “Did I hurt you?” Mary asked, but the tugging and pinning of her hair was not the reason for Sarah’s low mood.
“Does it hurt, Sarah?” Abby chimed in. She bounced a few more times on the feather mattress, restless. “It hurts when Mama braids my hair.”
“When the lads stomp on your toes at the ball, that’s a hurt,” Mary said.
The beauty treatments were disrupted when Sarah was called down to the foyer. A goldsmith’s apprentice stood near the fire, warming his hands and drying the splatters of mud on his breeches. He spun around when her heels clicked on the terrazzo floor, then bowed grandly and swept his hat through a wide arc, revealing another little cap on the back of his head. The long ringlets that hung at his temples popped out from behind his ears, to be tucked back up again before the presentation could be made.
The black lacquered box was tied to a sealed letter, the entirety presented personally to Miss Sarah Mahon as per instructions. Sarah offered the messenger some refreshment, to ward off the chill of the December day, but the lad refused most grandly. With another courtly bow, he bid her a most Happy Christmas and then walked backwards out of the door. The graceful Miss Mahon lifted up her skirts and tore back up the stairs, as if chased by hounds who would steal away her gift.
“Can I open it for you?” Abby begged, bouncing on the mattress again.
“No, you may not,” Sarah said. She resumed her seat in front of the mirror, and Mary took up the curling iron once again. The lady’s maid was not completely preoccupied with her chores, however, since she managed to read almost the entire letter before Sarah pressed the paper to her breast.
“He wrote me,” she said, a sigh of delight.
“From before he left, Miss,” Mary said. “And nothing since. Thinks he can board a merchant ship, order the master all about and inspect and confiscate what he says is contraband. And then it’s ‘please, sir, will you take this to Charles Town and here’s a shilling for your trouble’. Aye, aye, sir.”
“He could be in the West Indies and not encounter a single ship making for Charles Town,” Sarah said, but she knew her suggestion was absurd.
Jack’s letter was drenched in adoration and love, but with a restraint that Sarah had not noticed in letters from previous British suitors, as if he had to hold some emotion in reserve so that it would last a lifetime. Between the lines of the short note was his pledge of fidelity, an assurance that he was constant in his love and devotion to his dearest liberty flower. They would be married some day, she was to be confident of his pledge, and now that she was seventeen, nothing stood in the way of their happiness. Nothing, except for a war that was dragging on without an end in sight.
The latch on the box lifted with the touch of her finger. Abby rested against her sister’s side, leaning over until her head blocked Sarah’s view. “It’s your eyes in there, Sarah,” Abby said.
Nestled in a bed of soft green velvet were two earrings, square cut emeralds set in gold and surrounded by small pearls. Shocked by such extravagance, Sarah could not quite catch her breath as she gingerly touched one of the stones.
“Cost him a fortune, them,” Mary said.
As soon as the last tendril had been twisted into place, Mary took the jewelry box from Sarah’s trembling hands and lifted out the earrings. An emerald caught a shaft of light and shot a green spark onto the white silk underskirt, dancing across the embroidered silver roses. With a slight pressure, Mary snapped the clasp shut and then stood back to admire her work, curled, coiffed and bedazzled with gems.
“They are exquisite, ain’t they?” Sarah mumbled. She turned her head slowly, to make the emeralds sparkle against her pale skin.
“Time to go down, Sarah,” Bérthe said, pausing at the bedroom door. “The hostess should be in her drawing room well before the first guests are expected. There are always those, like Mr. and Mrs. Henneberry, who arrive early in search of more stimulating company than each other.”
“Look what Sarah got, Mama,” Abby said.
“From Lt. Ashford,” Sarah said, displaying her gift.
Bérthe’s smile came slowly, too slowly. For a brief moment, the crease of a frown rested on her forehead, her eyebrows pinched. “Very pretty, dear. Don’t make a fuss over them. Such a gift is not appropriate and it would be best if you did not mention it to anyone.”

* * * * *

“To absent friends,” Etienne toasted the fallen soldiers and the men serving their country, far from home on Christmas Day. In unison, fifty glasses were lifted and a few ladies brushed away tears, shed for brothers and sons and lovers. The toast was drunk, in defiance of the British, to prove that this war-torn colony would not be brought low. The holiday parties would go on, diminished somewhat in grandeur and spectacle, but the upcoming social calendar for 1781 was full.
“You’ve done well,” Bérthe whispered in Sarah’s ear. “A better hostess won’t be found in all of South Carolina today.”
“I wanted it to be like it was before,” Sarah said. “But it’s not the same at all.”
“Remember, Mr. Beauchamp feels the difference more keenly,” Bérthe said. She tilted her head discreetly in the direction of Madeleine Beauchamp, elegant in dress, but draped in a cloth like an infant to protect the fine fabric. Naomi stood at her side, her hands never still as she fed the old woman, mopped up the spills and wiped away the drips.
“He didn’t want her at the table, and it was my doing, ” Sarah said. “Trying to put it all back, and now I’ve let her be a spectacle in front of all these people.”
“Or isolate her, alone in her room, no company on Christmas Day?” Bérthe dabbed the corner of her mouth and stole a glimpse of Madeleine, engaged in a one-sided conversation with the very deaf Mr. Wennington. “Mr. Beauchamp is, like all men, cognizant of his own comforts. Our responsibility is to see to the comforts of everyone else.”
A stomping of heavy boots at the door of the dining room brought the chatter to an immediate halt. The footman eased into the room, announced the arrival of unexpected guests, and then majestically opened the door. Sarah managed to knock over her wine glass as she stumbled against the table, not sure if her eyes were playing tricks in the soft candlelight.
Etienne bellowed out a welcome that was as full of cheer as he was full of claret. “Unexpected and most welcome,” he said, while directing the army of footmen as they brought chairs and table settings and guided his new guests to their places of honor. Sarah stood in place, goggle eyed like a giddy schoolgirl, as Etienne introduced her to a man she had met many times before, but under radically different circumstances.
This tall, distinguished gentleman in a tailored uniform was the person she knew only as The Captain. She last saw him about a month ago, when she was sent to Mandeville Hall on the Santee as a ruse to disguise her real mission. A chamois-wrapped package of documents was hidden under her corset as she traveled the roads, afraid that some loyalist woman might volunteer to search her at one of the many checkpoints. Risking discovery and arrest, Sarah was so relieved to reach a rebel checkpoint that she got out of the carriage to stretch her legs and ended up turning through a few steps of a gavotte. She spun around and there was the Captain, his arresting blue eyes smiling at her. He touched her hand as he led her into a tangle of scrub so that she could discreetly remove the package, and it felt like flames shot up her arm and singed her heart. His compliments were enchanting, his manner that of a chevalier in a Parisian salon, but he was clad in a rough hunting shirt and worn boots like the over mountain men. In spite of the powdered hair and fine clothes that he sported this evening, Sarah had no doubt as to his identity, for his long black lashes gave him away.
“Illuminated by the warmth of the candle flame,” Armand du Marais said to her. “So much is revealed, yet more is hidden.”
Dinner resumed, with du Marais taking a seat at Sarah’s right. He proceeded to regale one end of the table with tales of bravado and French bravery at sea, making promises of a spring campaign that would deal a heavy blow to the English. As he spoke, leaning first one way and then the other, his thigh bumped the edge of Sarah’s chair before brushing her leg. He tipped his head towards her, settled his leg comfortably along hers, and whispered, “Our special acquaintance, unknown to all but us.” Sarah had to look down at her plate, afraid that the heat of his gaze would set her on fire.
Unable to sit still, Sarah jumped the minute that Etienne dropped his napkin on his empty plate. She rose, desperate to run away from Armand du Marais but not knowing why he made her uncomfortable. In the safety of the drawing room, surrounded by feminine chatter, she managed to compose herself while Abby and Robbie played a duet on violin and cello that reflected Robbie’s disinterest in musical pursuits. As if they had been waiting for the music to end and the children to be dismissed to their own festivities, the gentlemen poured into the room as soon as the door was opened to release the little bundles of pent-up energy. Captain du Marais dropped anchor at Sarah’s side, demonstrating a level of eagerness that reminded her of Jack’s courtship in September.
Armand was full of gossip from the French court, the anecdotes provided by Madame du Marais and forwarded to her absent husband. Learning that the dashing captain was married immediately placed him in an altogether different circle among the bored wives of the rice planting aristocracy. Young and unmarried, Sarah was expected to keep a respectable distance and she turned her attention to some of the local boys who had been paroled by Lord Cornwallis. Their tales of daring doings in the militia were not, unfortunately, anywhere near as fascinating as du Marais’s humorous send-up of the Comte de Revillard.
The respite from battle was short-lived, with du Marais taking his leave before the British discovered his presence. After he was gone, the party settled down into its typical rut of dull conversation, the same things repeated year after year by people too old to remember having said them before. To cap off the party, Etienne made a great show of presenting Sarah with a diamond bracelet that once belonged to his grandmother, but the gems were quickly wrapped in calico and brought to the root cellar, to be buried with all the other valuables that Mrs. Mahon had safeguarded with her daughter. Sarah had no intention of burying her gift from Jack. She would wring the neck of the redcoat who tried to take the earrings from her.

* * * * *

In early March, Sarah took advantage of a clear day and wandered the length of the riverbank. Her family had gone back to town, where Mr. Mahon was buried under a load of legal matters to be argued before a Board of Police that did not seem to possess any real authority. In her mind, there was no recognized authority in the colony, as if every man followed his personal leanings and loyalists could not meet their partisan neighbors at an equal level. Life was turned upside down, like the contents of a cabinet thrown onto the floor. There was no order, though the pieces were there, with no one to set things back in place.
An hour’s walk brought Sarah to her secret hiding place, the live oak tree that she used to climb as a child when she needed to escape her stern governess. She tucked her boots against the base of the tree and climbed along the branch that hung over the river, its tendrils of Spanish moss trailing in the current like skeletal fingers. From branch to branch, Sarah picked her way up into the canopy, startling a family of parroquettes that squawked with anger as they flew off. The pistol she carried for protection felt cold against her back, tucked into the band of her skirt so that her hands could be free to hold onto the branches. Carrying a weapon made her feel invincible, kin to the storied over-mountain men who feared nothing.
Astride a thick limb, Sarah eased out towards the water, to gain an unimpeded view of the Ashley. Early morning fog drifted down to the sea, vapors that she once thought were the ghosts of her ancestors, the same people who had planted this tree to mark the boundary of their estate. The sounds of commerce on the river were muffled; the splash of oars could have come from a mile down river or just around the bend. A song from Africa was paired with the slap of buckets being dipped into the river as the laundresses went about their work. All around her, birds courted in response to the command of spring, the urgency of their tunes reflecting a desire that Sarah felt as a constant stream of restless energy. With her back against the oak, her legs dangling freely, she sat hidden by the early spring leaves and unfolded the letter that she had hidden in her bodice.
“Though they conspire against us,” Jack had written, the most sentimental thought in the entire letter, and this the only correspondence she received since he left six months ago. Such high-blown nonsense, his sense of conspiracy, when the rest of his note was nothing more than a plea for her fidelity. His frustration with social convention was evident in his suggestion that she run off to join him, which was followed by a short sentence that stated the obvious. A respectable lady would never consider such a scandalous thing, and the smattering of ink blots that decorated the line meant that he was annoyed with respectability as well.
She would write back and counsel patience, for the war would soon be over and then he could resign his commission, become an American and the master of a merchant ship. They could cross the Atlantic together, in a convoy of Ashford ships that would terrorize any pirate who tried to steal their wares. From the height of the oak tree, Sarah pictured the tall masts of their sailing ships as they left Charles Town, bound for the islands to the south, then north to Europe and on to the Mediterranean. At sea, at home in a simple cabin, sailing with her beloved husband, such were Sarah’s dreams from childhood that could soon come to pass. After a time, they might take a house near the Powells, to ride out hurricane season, and their children would grow up together, just as Beck and Sarah had never been apart. They would send their sons to London and their daughters to America, to be educated in a manner befitting the next generation of enlightened citizens. Married to the best of friends, Beck and Sarah would remain the best of friends, their youthful vow unbroken and their bond steadfast.
A loud crackling of dry leaves and twigs startled Sarah out of her daydreams. Scanning the river, she was stunned to discover that longboats had tied up nearby yet she had never heard them coming. Neither had she felt the heat of the sun until she realized that the morning mist was long gone from the banks, that some time had passed while she was off with Jack, sailing the ocean blue. Getting to her feet, Sarah pressed up against the trunk of the tree, to hide from the gang of sailors who were moving slowly through the underbrush.
They had all the marks of a raiding party, armed to the teeth and wary of their strange surroundings. A paroquette squawked nearby and a boy in a midshipman’s coat nearly jumped out of his shoes, while a sailor wheeled around in a circle with his pistol aimed at the empty air. Sarah clenched her fist and pounded the rough bark of her hiding place. Foolish to dream in the midst of war; she was as careless as a sentry falling asleep at his post, and just as dangerous. All routes to the big house were closed off with the raiding party so close, and she had no chance to warn anyone of the danger that was winding through the woods. With her heart beating a deafening tattoo, she reached behind her dress and lifted the pistol from her sash. She cocked the gun, and the click of the hammer reverberated through the trees like a cannon shot.
Face to face, or rather barrel to barrel, Sarah drew a bead on the midshipman who had a very shaky bead on her. His pistol wavered as his hand trembled, while a trickle of cold sweat coursed along his smooth cheek. “Sir. If you please, sir,” the midshipman’s voice squeaked, cracking with nerves. Every flutter of a leaf spooked him, making the pistol dance around, while Sarah maintained a rigid and unmoving position that pointed directly in the center of the man’s forehead.
“Hunting birds, Mr. Thomas?” a weather-beaten tar asked. A green- toothed grin rotated up to meet Sarah’s scowl, and the sailor’s smile melted swiftly into a gulp, as if he had never before seen a woman point a pistol at a man with a clear notion to fire.
From the corner of her eye, Sarah caught sight of an officer’s coat, but she was focused on one man’s head and would not be distracted. Aware of movement to the side, she guessed that the officer had just removed his hat and was sweeping through some sort of exaggerated bow, the second act in a comedy she had seen before.
“Miss Mahon, allow me to present Mr. Cornwell Thomas of His Majesty’s Ship Arcturus.” Jack’s unbridled cheek, and in the face of a real threat to her life, turned Sarah’s anger into a blind fury. A minute ago, she had been dreaming of this same man, only to consider ripping the earrings from her lobes and throwing the blasted emeralds at him, to declare the engagement off. “And I would advise you, Mr. Thomas, that Miss Mahon is as excellent a marksman as a Royal Marine. Possibly better. Good morning, Miss Mahon. You look particularly well today.”
“Morning,” Sarah hissed.
“Who shall go first, then? Ladies? No? Mr. Thomas, then, it is on
your shoulders to stand down. Lead the way, sir,” Jack said. An enormous grin filled his face, as if he were having the best time of his life at her expense. Five of his scruffy crew stood under the tree, snickering.
“You know her, sir?” Mr. Thomas asked. Sarah picked up on his implication, a suggestion that the lady up the tree was either half-mad or eighty percent savage. The midshipman was hesitant to release the hammer of his pistol, and even more tentative as he slipped it into the waist of his breeches.
“Might I ask what brings you here, so far from Charles Town, on this fine spring day?” Jack called up through the tangle of branches.
“Well you might,” Sarah countered. As Mr. Thomas took a few cautious steps backwards, so too did her pistol move slightly to maintain its direct aim between his eyes.
“As for us, we too are far from home,” Jack said.
“Don’t let me keep you from returning, sir,” Sarah said.
“Then we shall go on about our business. Desperate are we, Miss Mahon, in need of provisions.”
Jack cleared his throat and shifted his feet, as if the very ground was proving unsteady. He could not hide his exuberance after all; in spite of an effort at total restraint he betrayed his happiness at seeing her again. A reunion was no excuse for his foolishness, not when he allowed a junior officer to hold her at gunpoint when that same gentleman was nervous as a kitten and highly likely to pull the trigger. Sarah released the hammer of her pistol, tucked the gun back into the sash of her dress, and did her best to climb out of the tree with dignity. All the way down, she considered ways to make Jack pay for his insolence.
“Bad news from North Carolina, I’ve been told,” she said.
Before she could sit on the low slung branch, Jack spun her around, confiscated her weapon, and turned her through the rest of a revolution. “Let there be no misunderstandings,” he said. “Now then, what news can you share with me?”
As if he were her knight, Jack genuflected at her feet while she sat like a queen, perched on the tree branch. With his hand holding her left heel, he attempted to get her boot on, but his fingers were trembling. Here was the limit of his restraint; the hand that touched her foot had lost all composure. Jack Ashford was as smitten and moony as any other man she had ever captivated, but he was quite good at not showing it.
“So very tragic, sir. Bloody Ban ran down the road, all helter- skelter,” she said. With a few words carefully selected, Sarah triumphed in the partisan victory at Hannah’s Cowpens, poking the flippant lieutenant with a sharpened tongue and a rapier mind.
“I am undone, madam,” Jack retorted. He slapped the sole of her shoe smartly, to set it in place, and then he caressed her left calf while pretending to search for the other shoe. “Clearly you have thrown me over to chase after him. No wonder then that you would not tell me why you were here, up a tree.”
“Clearly your purpose in coming after me, sir, is to arrange our marriage. Or have you forgotten an earlier vow?”
His fingers traced the cobbler’s stitches around the tip of the toe. “I had asked for leave when we made port, but my captain laid the blame on changing conditions. Having heard the news out of the north, I see now that I was unjustified in my protest. We are urged to make all haste.”
The wedding was to be postponed again, and her mother would be delighted to hear such news. Already frustrated with her family’s barrage of negatives about Mr. Ashford, Sarah released her hold on a shortened temper. “My betrothed, coming as a thief, rather than an honored guest.”
“Vouchers will be given, my love, I have no desire to steal,” he said. 
“There are more unpaid debts in Charles Town than stars in the sky,” Sarah said. She took his arm, to feel his planned direction before he took a step so that she could alter course if necessary. “Loyalists hesitate to extend credit, partisans fear that their loyalist creditors will abandon their responsibilities, and commerce will not flow on a cash basis.”
“In which case, I must ask that you vouch for my character to the owner of this plantation. You are a guest here, I take it?”
“I am mistress here,” Sarah said. Her lips curled up, hinting at mystery and sowing the seeds of false implication and assumption. Cool as ice, she told him to make for a pier downriver to reach the house, and then let his puzzled frown follow her into the longboat. The thoughts were churning in his head, and she let him mull over the possibility that she had married someone else in his absence. He would pay for allowing a midshipman to threaten her life, for making sport of a dangerous situation.
Mr. Thomas ordered the sailors about, and they snapped to his words like machines as they rattled their oars with precision. Jack laid his arm across the tiller and scanned the shore, his forehead creased with confusion. Sarah savored every twitch of his eyelid and clench of his jaw.
“Adjoining the plantation just there?” Jack pointed to a pier that jutted into the river, over a mile away.
“Mr. Ashford, this is all Riverside Plantation.” She trailed her hand in the water as the boat glided downstream. “Fifty-eight hundred acres. Tide- flooded rice beds.” She looked up at Mr. Thomas, sitting stiffly at the prow, and sent him a coy smile that contained a note of absolution. The gentleman turned a bright shade of crimson and averted his gaze.
“And you say you are mistress here?” Jack said. The storm clouds descended in his black eyes, a clear victory for Miss Sarah Mahon.
“In Mr. Beauchamp’s absence, yes.”
A loud exhalation was all the annoyance that Jack would express in such a public place. Even though he was glaring at her, Sarah would not give him the satisfaction of turning her head. She twisted her hand in the water, watching the ripples radiate from her fingertips and spread across to the opposite bank. “He will take me for a cad, to raid his farm,” Jack grumbled. “You will of course commend me to him, and explain my situation. We are all victims of the army and their ability to forestall goods and accommodate their own needs.”
“We are all victims of the soldiers who stomp across our fields, laying waste to anything that they can’t carry away,” Sarah said. She lifted her hands and studied the drops of water that fell from her fingers like a shower of tiny diamonds. “And the red coated locusts move on to North Carolina. There’s little here, Mr. Ashford. I’d suggest you return in the fall, after the harvest.”
“I shall be back well before then, my dear, and you will be leaving.” 
Over the midshipman’s shoulder, Sarah could see two longboats at Riverside’s pier, empty of men. “They mustn’t go to the house,” she burst out, getting to her feet as if she meant to jump to shore. “Mrs. Beauchamp is alone. She’s not well.”
“Put your backs into it, lads,” Jack shouted, and the pace doubled. “On my word of honor as a gentleman, Miss Mahon, no harm shall come to anyone.”
Before the boat was tied up, Sarah was racing up the path, shell fragments flying from under her heels. The garden was eerily quiet, absent of the many workers who tended the beds every day. As she reached the piazza, she could hear Mr. Eaton arguing with someone, all in an attempt by the overseer to set the best possible price for goods that would be taken anyway. From the back of the house came the shouts of women, the noise surging forward as a small army of housemaids and cooks raced to the front lines, the sun flashing off the razor sharp steel of the rice cutters that they wielded.
“Gather on the piazza,” Sarah ordered them. Near the door, addled old Madeleine Beauchamp clapped her hands, cheering for the minuet to begin, while a dozen servants formed a line behind Sarah. They had all heard the stories of women raped for supporting the rebels, and they all knew of slaves who had been taken as spoils of war and sold down to the West Indies. They all knew Naomi’s story, the slave who had been turned out of a rebel plantation up river and left to wander the back woods, to starve or freeze to death. Naomi put a hand on Sarah’s back, her face a reflection of female ferocity that would strike terror in the heart of the bravest of men. No one would pass through the front door of Riverside’s big house without blood being shed.
“Bérthe, my dear, wherever is Gastone?” Madeleine asked. Sarah could only guess where the poor creature’s mind had gone to. While the army of women held their positions, she knelt at Madeleine’s feet, took her hands, and assured her that Gastone would be along any minute, and wasn’t the day particularly lovely. When Mr. Eaton brushed against Sarah’s arm, she nearly jumped out of her skin.
The front lawn was like a madhouse, the tension high as Jack upbraided another lieutenant who appeared as mysteriously as Mr. Eaton. Dispatching Naomi to comfort her mistress, Sarah turned her attention to the overseer and his complaints about the raid, the sailors, and the state of the plantation’s stores.
A tense calm settled over the warring parties, standing face to face across a crepe myrtle hedge. Jack produced his vouchers, negotiated with Sarah and reached an agreement with Mr. Eaton that was not entirely satisfactory to the overseer, but it did put an end to the battle. A negligent fourth lieutenant who had received the sharp end of Jack’s tongue was sent to the back of the house to guard the kitchen door, accompanied by six women who had little trust of English gentlemen. The raiding party set off with Mr. Eaton, who looked every inch the proprietor of a green grocery that had little in stock.
“And I shall guard the ladies here,” Jack said to Sarah. “Your battalion has matters well in hand. Shall we walk in the garden, Miss Mahon, to better observe both house and outbuildings from a more suitable angle?”
They walked on the path in silence until Jack was satisfied that they would not be overheard. “God help me, Sarah, but I curse the day that I agreed to wait for you. I should have married you in September and as for your father, well, I should have.”
“You never write to me.”
“Indeed not, I write daily, and I have paid handsomely to get my letters to Charles Town.” He paused as she sat on the bench under the pergola, where a dense tangle of bougainvillea offered some privacy. “If you have not received my letters, then I shall have to relate my adventures aurally.”
Pacing back and forth, occasionally glancing towards the house, he described his captain as a gentleman who was keen to teach his lieutenants all aspects of seamanship. The assignment, at first expected to be deadly dull, had proved to be lucrative, with the capture of three French privateers to the ship’s credit. Jack put a peculiar stress on his self-sufficiency, as if he was making some sort of point about his income before and his prospects now.
“Have the seas off Hampton Roads been very rough this winter?” Sarah asked.
Jack came to halt, his eyes squinting against the glare of the sun that reflected off the pristine windows of the big house. “How did you know that I was off Hampton Roads?”
“Beck. Mrs. Powell, that is,” she said, and then laughed. “I shall forever call her Beck Sturbridge. I hope Mr. Powell won’t take offense.”
Lying to Jack made her feel sick, genuinely nauseated, but she had spoken without thinking first and there was no other solution. After the war, she vowed, after the war she would tell no more lies. Jack would not be misled by her ever again, not even about a milliner’s bill or the cost of a new dress, but until then, she had her duties.
Jack accepted her little fib and went back to his monologue. If she had her yarn and needles, she could have completed a picture of comfortable domesticity, husband and wife chatting amiably at the end of a day. She smiled, picturing a future that seemed a little closer now than it had appeared that morning. A blush bloomed on her cheek as her imagination took her from the Ashford drawing room after supper, drifted up the stairs and floated into the marriage bed.
“Our visit is over, my love,” Jack said. With that, he took her in his arms and kissed her, leaving no doubt that he loved her more now than he did in September. From the area of the outbuildings, a man called out for his lieutenant. Jack broke away and set her pistol on the ground. “Keep writing to me. I do sometimes get your letters. You’ll not forget me, will you?”
With her fingers touching her lips, to see if they were on fire for they were burning, she vowed her fidelity once again. Granted, she would continue to attend dinner parties and soirees and amateur theatricals, she would continue to wheedle information from unsuspecting soldiers, but her heart belonged to Jack Ashford. All that he needed to know was that she was waiting patiently for him, with time on their side and the British forces being squeezed ever closer to the edge of the ocean. Soon, she could tell him, soon they would be together and nothing would come between them.
Business was concluded at the pier, where Mr. Eaton checked off an inventory of goods that Riverside could scarce afford to lose. The longboats pushed off, and Sarah stood there with her arm raised in farewell. Jack watched her, his gaze not breaking until the boat rounded a bend in the Ashley and the Royal Navy disappeared into the cover of the untamed wilderness that bordered the river.



EIGHT

Twenty-three sailors had come ashore, and Sarah counted twenty- three heads in the longboats when they left. She hurried back to the house, threw open the front door, and raced to the garret, where Paul Gaillard peaked out from behind a rack of madeira. Six more heads appeared like mice returning to the open room after the cat had made its rounds.
“However did you manage to keep them out of the house, cousin?” Paul asked. He batted the dust from his sleeve. “Or do I not wish to hear the salacious details?”
“Never you mind how, just thank me for doing,” Sarah said.
Paul had been freed from St. Augustine about a month ago, exchanged for an English officer of equal rank, and he came straight back to Charles Town, more ready than ever to fight for freedom. On the heels of the rebel victory at King’s Mountain and Hannah’s Cowpens, Mr. Gaillard had turned his coat and given Paul his paternal blessing, along with a fully outfitted company of militia. Blessing or not, supplies and provisions were still hard to come by, and Paul would never have looked to Riverside Plantation if he were not desperate. At the risk of getting caught and getting sent back to St. Augustine for the duration, Paul had little choice when his men were starving.
While Paul followed behind, to beg for what scraps remained after the raid, Sarah made the rounds of outbuildings to survey the damage. The kitchen garden that she had laid out was forlorn, yet remained as tidy as ever. The glass cloches that protected the lettuce seedlings were neatly stacked along the row, but every little leaf was gone. Too early in the season for potatoes, the young plants remained in their hillocks, but the medicinal herbs had been sampled rather heavily. The freshly planted onion slips had not been touched, but the greens that had sweetened in the winter cold were gone down to the stems. The orangerie that Mr. Beauchamp had built for her amusement three years ago was stripped of fruit, a few leaves scattered on the stone floor, while the trees remained upright in their colorful glazed pots.
The dairy maids herded the cows back to the milking shed, having run the animals off into the woods for safe keeping. A tour through the creamery along the river bank revealed the loss of all the cheese and butter, a disappointment when Sarah wanted to be the first to sample her initial attempt at cheese making before presenting it on her table. The chicken coop was quiet, with the loudest noise coming from the goose girl who sat on an upturned bucket, sobbing.
“They all mad, Miss Sarah,” she said between sniffles. “Scaring my birds half to death, and they make me pick out the rooster and the best laying hen. They chase them poor birds around, saying Mr. and Mrs. Ashford going to make a flock of chicks all night.”
Never would Sarah laugh in the girl’s face, but suppressing snickers made her snort and a dreadful sound came out. Sarah cleared her throat, pretending to be upset, and embraced the distraught girl. “We’re all fine now, ain’t we, so that’s the end of this, you hear? Let’s not make Mr. Beauchamp all upset. I will find a way to break the news gently, and you just forget that all of this ever happened.”
The cooks were grumbling to Mr. Eaton when Sarah made her way to the kitchen. In an instant, she learned that the farewell party for Paul and his men would not be such a festive occasion. The mince pies that she had made were gone, every last crumb. The smokehouse was nearly picked clean, and the hostess was left with a table full of guests and an empty larder. Thinking fast, she told Mr. Eaton to find the slaves who had quarter tasks and send them to the river with nets. The Ashley held enough fish to feed Company B of Colleton County, if Riverside Plantation was short of food.
“One of them ask me what I need for a wedding cake,” the head cook said. “That’s what left, Miss Sarah, flour and eggs, sugar, dried fruit. Twenty wedding cakes’ worth.”
The company of militia was sent off in what little style Sarah could cobble together, their haversacks filled with the flour that one of Jack’s underlings had thought to reserve for Lt. Ashford’s bride. Dinner consisted of fish, a stew that extended the one duck to feed many, a ham that had been hidden up the chimney, and a rice pilau that was washed down with madeira from the garret. The raiding party had taken all the whiskey and beer.

* * * * *

The sickly season brought Sarah back to Church Street on a temporary reprieve, leaving Naomi to deal with an old woman who had grown too frail to walk more than twenty paces. The Mahon house was a little more crowded, to Sarah’s surprise, but there were more British soldiers camped closer to town and none left in the back country. The war was taking a turn in the rebel’s favor, and the unease of the British officers was evident at every social gathering that summer. It was not so easy to tease out a scrap of information when the officers were wary of all the colonists, not sure who remained a loyalist from one day to the next.
Too many idle officers wandered the rooms, too many bawdy remarks were uttered within range of Mama’s ears, and Sarah was abruptly sent back to Riverside. Within days, Abby joined her sister in a place where the threat of yellow fever was deemed a safer alternative to the moral decay that was festering in the Mahon house. Far from the entertainments of Charles Town society, Sarah made do with what company she could find up river, but a new round of sequestration, coupled with a series of forced exiles, cut the heart out of the city’s leading families. A sense of turmoil crept under Sarah’s skin, added to a heavy air of frustration. The colonists and their British masters were standing toe to toe and neither side would yield; all was static, stifling and oppressive.
Etienne did his best to provide diversion, but anyone who could avoid the swamps and fevers did not seek to make social calls in the summer miasma. Going into her second season, Sarah passed most evenings in the drawing room at Riverside, playing one song after another on the harpsichord while Abby practiced her violin when they were not sewing shirts or knitting socks for the brave boys who were chasing Cornwallis into Virginia. As long as the time passed quickly, she could submerge her annoyance with the low state of her social life, but when Abby went back to town, Sarah saw nothing but unremitting boredom on the horizon.
Daily walks took the place of parties, but rather than chatter, Sarah’s time was passed in fretting, until she reached the point of giving up on Jack. She sat on the low-slung branch of the oak tree and wished with all her heart that he would appear again, as he had in February. In a never-ending litany, her mother continued to remind her that a man who did not correspond with his sweetheart was not so very much in love, and a girl was a fool to waste her best years. Sarah had sent Jack a miniature portrait several weeks ago, and the Port Admiral assured her that the package had been forwarded to the Arcturus on the despatch boat, but there had been no note of thanks from the lieutenant. Perhaps it was quite easy to forget a lady when she was far away.

* * * * *

In June, Sarah found enough excitement at Riverside Plantation to make Charles Town dull in comparison. More and more often, the British officers she had met in the city would stop to pay a call at the plantation, to wish her a fond farewell as they made their way to new posts in the hinterlands. Lord Cornwallis was meandering through the back country, hunting for rebels who never stayed in one place long enough to be beaten. The gentlemen spoke of disrupted supply lines and lack of communication channels. Their former confidence and swagger was diminished, while reports of British retribution escalated daily. To a young lady longing for an end to hostilities, it was a steady stream of good news.
Because of her father’s burst of patriotism, the Mahon family was under close watch and banned from travel to the country. With Mr. Beauchamp away on business, Sarah found herself alone on the fourth of July, sitting on the piazza and dreaming of the cool breezes that blew off the bay but did not reach upriver. She was surprised to see Mr. Kelly drive up the carriage path, and sent the footman scurrying to fetch refreshments. The poor man had been driven to the brink of penury for his ardent partisan support, and what refreshment he did not consume would be inconspicuously placed in the back of his wagon.
“I wish that Mr. Beauchamp were here, to grant permission for you to come with me,” he said. “It is not my place to order you about, nor is it yours to run freely.”
“These are desperate times, Mr. Kelly,” she said.
Taking the oilcloth-wrapped bundle from him, she retreated to her room to hide the documents under her clothes before returning to the piazza, ready to go where the rebels sent her. “No one would question my calling on your daughter. I’ve been paying calls on our exiled friends all summer.”
The gentleman farmer chuckled. “To be young and fearless,” he said. “The responsibility for your safety falls on my head. If anything were to happen to you, I would not forgive myself. Your father certainly will not.”
“The bulk of the army has headed north,” she said. “We are safer now than we were six months ago.”
“Safer, is it? Or in greater danger?”
She climbed up onto the bench of the farm wagon and noticed several barrels in the wagon box, lashed together and then tied down to prevent them from rolling. Either Mr.. Kelly was dragging around supplies to act as a ruse for his travels, or he was bringing supplies to a band of militia. Sarah could not wait to get started, to share what she had heard from the soldiers who stopped at Riverside and assured Miss Mahon that they would personally vouch for her character so that she could return to the city with them when they came back victorious. Their braggadocio lacked its former confidence.
Mr. Kelly drove in silence, his shoulders slumped. He was a man defeated by an economic enemy, and Sarah knew that the bag of sugar she secretly dropped into the wagon would be welcome, but not nearly enough. His plantation on the PeeDee had been sequestered in May, and now his farm near the city was being amerced at an exorbitant ten percent. The once comfortable planter was fast reaching the end of his rope, and there was precious little hope for the future unless the future came very soon in the form of a conclusive British defeat.

* * * * *

The Arcturus ran as far up the Cooper as she could go in search of fresh water and full stores, to make ready for battle. Jack was proud of his clever bit of business, talking Captain Pearson into putting in at the South Carolina port. Rumors of a French fleet sailing north from the West Indies had reached the squadron posted off the southern American coast, and Jack saw his best chance at Sarah take shape. No sensible sailor would think to engage the might of the French fleet with supplies running low, and there was Charles Town so conveniently situated between Hampton Roads and Savannah, a supply of gunpowder available to ships of His Majesty’s Navy. As long as Pearson held absolute trust in his first lieutenant, Jack could manipulate the ship’s course, disguising preparations for a fight with his personal quest to lay claim to Sarah Mahon.
Given a short leave, Jack had the jolly boat launched and set off for East Bay with a radiant smile plastered across his face. In his mind, he pictured the lush rice beds upriver, the grass-like plants creating a vista of brilliant green, as intense as the heat of the July afternoon. Perhaps by this time next year, he would have his own rice beds bathed by the fresh water of the Ashley, the second son of a peer of the realm with greater wealth than the peer himself. He wanted to yell at the oarsmen to put their backs into it, but the crew was dripping with sweat and half-dead with fatigue well before they caught sight of the docks.
Starting out at a run, Jack found the oppressive humidity slowed his step, as if he were striding through aspic. The sun pressed down heavily on his head and shoulders, while the air grew too thick to breathe. By the time that he reached the house on Church Street, Jack felt as if he had survived a storm on the open deck, drenched to the skin and ready to drop from exhaustion.
“Here to see Miss Mahon, if you will be so kind as to announce me,” he chirped to the elderly footman who opened the door with the speed of a snail. “Not at home, sir,” was the reply, followed by an invitation to enter and wait for Mrs. Mahon.
He had waited long enough. Jack tore up the stairs like an insane bull, bellowing for Sarah. A smooth cheeked boy in a red coat was pushed aside in the corridor near the drawing room, but Ashford had lost his reason and could do nothing more than behave like a wild animal turned loose. Every minute, every second that ticked away was wasted, and the little time that he had was too precious to squander on pleasantries or respectabilities. All would be shoved out of his way if it came between him and this marriage. “Delightful to see you, Mr. Ashford.” Mrs. Mahon appeared in the butter-yellow corridor, inflexible and strangely intimidating.
“As I wrote to Mr. Mahon, at my earliest opportunity,” Jack said, half out of breath. “The wedding. My opportunity.”
“September, possibly,” Mrs. Mahon said. 
“Now, madam.”
Her eyes narrowed for a second, just long enough for Jack to understand that he was not on a sailing ship at this moment, and Bérthe Mahon was the one to give the orders. “Unfortunately, Mr. Ashford, my daughter is exiled to the country. She remains at Riverside Plantation until the British see fit to allow her to come home.”
“Did she not know that I had corresponded with Mr. Mahon? That I expected to be here at the end of June?”
“Your plans were so very vague, sir. And reversing a military decree is no easy task, I assure you.”
He would have set a date if it were possible, but all Jack could state with certainty was that he was going to arrive eventually. Mr. Mahon had no doubt held off on reading the banns, despite Jack’s request that all be put in motion, and for the same reason. There was no point in starting up the procedures that would culminate in a marriage when a sailor’s life held no specific dates and times. Jack was at the mercy of wind and tide, bound by his duties to his king. The Mahons were ruled entirely by the conventions of polite society, with its own order and pace.
“You are done in, sir,” Mrs. Mahon said. “Take some refreshment while I send for Mr. Mahon and we may discuss this matter in a less harried fashion.”
The pine grove was markedly cooler than the house, offering a constant breeze off the ocean that drove away the mosquitoes. Only last week, Jack had been tramping through the swamps of the PeeDee in a joint sortie with the infantry, and the bugs had been vicious. He had a necklace of welts to show for the futile effort that had not turned up a band of partisan guerillas after all.
“On the plantations up river, madam, are you much plagued by insects?” Jack asked Mrs. Mahon by way of polite and idle chatter.
“We return to town during the hottest months,” she said. “Although some of us no longer have homes on our plantations. Then there are those whose town homes have been occupied. The old order is somewhat disrupted these days.”
“Lately, I have been reading a great deal. About farming methods.” 
Mrs. Mahon relaxed the muscles around her neck and shoulders, as if she were melting into the wrought iron chair where she sat. “And have you learned all that you had hoped?”
“Certainly I learned more than I realized I did not know,” Jack said. He sipped the glass of lemonade that the maid had delivered on a wooden tray. The silver was undoubtedly gone; if not buried under his feet it was gracing the rooms of a Royal regimental headquarters somewhere. As soon as he had shipped his first cargo, he would replace Mrs. Mahon’s silver service.
She studied him, the corners of her eyes creasing with mirth. They understood one another, in the silences that passed for conversation when discretion was required. Jack guessed, correctly he was confident, that the Mahons objected to him because of distance and not the misfortune of his birth. This was America, after all, where a man was judged on his merits and the sins of his father might be overlooked. Like any other immigrant to the colonies, Jack would be a clean slate when he stepped ashore and declared his allegiance to South Carolina. With Sarah’s mother warming to him, he asked specific questions about the lifestyle that Sarah might expect, about the costs and minimum requirements. There should be no doubts as to his future intentions.
“My distant cousin, Mr. Beauchamp, whom you met recently,” Mrs. Mahon said. “His town house is now occupied, but he rarely used it in any case. No, a house in town in not essential. Merely an added comfort.”
As if she meant to educate Jack on Charles Town ways, she drifted into a rambling tour of her childhood, which included a subtle suggestion that the rebuilding of a house at Brookfield Plantation would make her quite happy, knowing that her grandchildren would find the same joys as she experienced forty-five years ago. Jack could hear minutes ticking away in her every word, evidenced by the shifting shadow on the nearby sundial. In between listening and replying, he stepped out a plan to overcome what was looking like another obstacle placed in his path. Mrs. Mahon recalled her father’s penchant for dinner parties lasting into the next morning, and Jack considered renting a horse to ride out to wherever Sarah was and marrying her in the middle of the night if Mrs. Mahon stalled much longer.
The minute that Mr. Mahon arrived, Jack was on him, urging the lawyer to make haste to the bishop, to obtain a special license. Like everyone else Jack had met in Charles Town, Mr. Mahon did not make haste at all. The gentleman’s laconic manner held firm; he moved with the speed of a sleepy turtle and acted as if Jack had weeks to accomplish this mission. Nothing at all could be done until they had dined, as a family, and nothing at all could be done until the sun began to set and the air began to cool. Manners and propriety kept Jack in check, when he was ready to draw his sword, hold it to Mahon’s neck, and put an end to the nonsense.
Mr. Mahon had inquired about carriages on his way home, he announced, but there were no horses in town to pull the many conveyances that were available. The stable owner had recommended that one would be wise to befriend a British cavalry officer, Bloody Ban Tarleton for instance, and ask for the loan of his mount if he wanted to ride. As for a boat to travel upriver, no pilots were willing to risk the fever that was raging in the country.
Mahon slapped his thighs, as if he were putting an end to all further discussion, but then he rose to his feet and told Jack that he had no other choice than to walk.
“What further plans have you, regarding the days after this wedding?” Mr. Mahon asked as he guided Jack to the gates of Charles Town. “We’ve heard that the French fleet is expected. New York, Charles Town, possibly Virginia.”
“A long border to defend. Not the sort of conditions that one would expose one’s bride to, a great danger at sea.” Mr. Mahon’s steps, already slow, eased to a near crawl. “So we are left with the land.”
“You yourself witnessed the retribution visited upon loyalists when the rebels held sway in this colony, and I believe that revenge has replaced a quest for liberty.”
“Neither sea nor land is safe, you say? What are we left with? The air?”
“Until such time as land is mine, sir,” Jack said.
“Her land, sir, shall never be your land. You do understand this, do you not? You recall signing the contracts,” he said. “You meant to say, I presume, that her country would become yours.”
“Until such time as I might,” Jack began to say, but the thought was not fully formed in his mind. He clasped his hands behind his back and picked up the pace.
The gates of the town were just ahead, heavily guarded. Mahon offered his hand in a gesture of friendship that bore an unexpected degree of warmth. “You are the stuff that this nation is made of,” he said. “One day, you may well become one of us.”
A soldier examined Jack’s pass with a sharp eye, as if the Royal Navy uniform was part of an elaborate rebel charade. Turning to Mahon, Jack said, “Immediately upon my return, sir, we shall complete our business.”
“It will be morning before the fussing and primping are completed, Lt. Ashford, and neither one of us will have any say in the matter. It will be in feminine hands, sir.”
The road that ran through the neck of Charles Town lay open before him and Jack took his first steps with confidence and joy. A drip of sweat fell from the curls at his temples and he laughed out loud, for only a man so madly in love could contemplate taking up residence in such a wretched climate. Even in the dark of the woods he found little relief, as if he were marching through a cloud of steam. Step by step, he put the town behind him as he strode past fields that moved like the sea, undulating stalks of wheat that rippled in waves. He came to a crossroads, the first landmark of his journey, and veered to the west. Clouds of dust kicked up around his shoes, coating his white silk stockings with a brown haze that turned to mud in the sweat that clung to his ankles. The weight of the dust grew heavy on his feet, his knees beginning to ache as he stumbled over deeply grooved ruts.
He was not sure how long he had been walking, three or four hours perhaps, and his throat began to scratch from dryness. He had survived such thirst before, days at sea when the water ration was cut after the barrels were staved in during a storm. This time, he was on land, where a stream might be nearby. Jack listened closely for the music of water slipping over rocks, but all he heard were birds and the occasional crack of a twig as an animal scurried away to the safety of the deep woods.
The open fields ended a few feet ahead, where a thick grove of pine and palmetto straddled the road. Here was his final landmark, the solitary oak tree with a branch overhanging the road, festooned with thick mops of Spanish moss that waved seductively in the slight breeze. Almost directly in his ear, an owl hooted, followed by another, or perhaps it was the same bird moving ahead of him, calling out its annoyance at being disturbed.
Spooked by the noises, Jack sought shelter in the cover of the woods, moving off the open road. He was unnerved on land, as if he were sailing in a thick fog and would not see his enemy until their ships collided. Through the growing blackness he thought he saw a light, or it could have been nothing more than a will o’ the wisp. Growing desperate with thirst, he headed towards the flickering glow, picturing a camp of hunters who would share a drop of water with a man in need.
The outlines of men began to take shape as Jack drew closer, their murmurs of French and a bastardized version of English unintelligible at a distance. Sensing danger, Jack crouched behind a thick pine trunk and focused on his breathing, to control the pace and not give away his position with the slightest noise. Low to the ground, he craned his head to the side and saw the hazy shape of a woman holding a lantern, with a cluster of men on either side of her. The woman turned, moving the lantern to eye level, and the light was cast upon the face of Armand du Marais, deep in a conversation with Sarah Mahon.
What he had suspected when she saved him from the sabotage in Charles Town harbor was proving true as Jack observed her, one ear canted towards an older man in rough hunting clothes. He spoke, and then she turned to du Marais to translate the sentences into French. The woman he had come ashore to marry was actively working with his enemies, on the front lines like a soldier. Not at all like a soldier, for no soldier’s commanding officer spoke with the air of a lover as did du Marais. Sarah commanded Jack’s heart, but du Marais had Sarah in his thrall and she had taken sides with the French; all of that was made clear as he watched from behind the trees.
Jack’s head became cluttered with memories, replaying snatches of conversation that could have been used against the British fleet. A face appeared from the past, a British officer who warned his compatriot, something about Sarah’s lovers and their collective fate. Such was her assignment, to attack with weapons that no man could match. She used her beauty, her intelligence and her wit as handily as a man might wield a sword. Sarah fought with charm and feminine wiles; Jack had been caught unaware and now he too would die.
A chorus of screeching owls echoed through the woods, the sound piercing Jack’s ears when it rose up only yards from his hiding place. All at once, the clutch of men in rough hunting shirts scattered like leaves in the wind. Sarah moved, as if to run, but then she paused with the lantern held up close to her face. Jack felt a rush of air, sensed that someone had just run past him, and ducked for cover before he could be found. A crunch of dried pine needles was followed by a whiff of their strong aroma, a warning to Jack that his enemy was now at his side, invisible in the pitch black night.
Sarah screamed. The light danced around the canopy of trees and then came to rest on the ground, to outline the scene in a hellish glow. The leaves began to smolder where the lantern had fallen, a spot of heat that called out to Jack, but his feet were too heavy to lift. Only fragments of his vision were clear: an unequal struggle between a weak female and an animal in a scarlet, figures that drifted in and out of shadows. Jack made an effort to shout, but his throat had dried up, his tongue thick and desiccated as an oak plank.
A flurry of movement, like a covey of pheasants flushed from the brush, was followed by a charge of rough clad militia men. The hapless British soldier, with his breeches half undone, was pulled to his feet by the partisans, His eyes, wide with shock, fell on Jack as if pleading for help from his countryman. A sharp glint flashed from the blade of a short knife and death came swiftly, without mercy, without sound.
The darkness was erased when the lantern was righted, to illuminate du Marais as he held Sarah in his arms. The Frenchman stroked her hair, cooed in her ear, held her tightly against his body. “My brave little patriot,” du Marais said. “I am forever in your debt. My angel. My sweet savior.”
Seething, Jack controlled his fury, even as du Marais consoled the whimpering woman whose sobs he muffled against his chest. Sarah said something, her voice too muted to travel to Jack’s ears, but he knew soon enough that Sarah had betrayed him. “The Arcturus,” du Marais said. “I know this English ship. I will see her again.”
The bitter taste of acrid bile lingered in the back of Jack’s throat. He had been a fool, to confide in a woman, to think that a woman of culture and position was incapable of being swayed by flattery. An education could not teach a woman to see the falsehood of French charm. A gullible young lady of no experience in the world of war was easily tricked because she was too trusting. Jack was certain that du Marais had used her for his own advantage, a repulsive tactic. The French captain would be made to pay. Not here, but another place, another battle field, and Jack would come up on this devil who had dishonored an innocent. At sea, with a bank of twenty-four pounders, Jack Ashford would avenge Sarah’s honor.
The lantern moved, carried ahead by one of the militia as the party headed towards the road. Du Marais wrapped an arm around Sarah’s waist, whispered in her ear, and then swept her up to carry her off. She would be lost if Jack did not act, did not fight for her. He waited a few minutes, until he was certain that he could not be seen. As unsteady as a man who had lost his sea legs, Jack picked his way through the scrub, but he was disoriented. His senses failed him as he tried to listen, to see or hear or smell where the party had gone, but he could do no more than stand on the edge of the road.
A horse whinnied, accompanied by the steady thud of hooves on a dry road and the creak of wagon wheels. Casting aside all caution, Jack stepped into the middle of the path, only to be blinded by the light of two bright carriage lanterns. The driver must have been startled, judging by the way he reined in the horse.
“You should not be here,” Sarah said. Her face was pale, hidden in the shadows of her cloak. “Get up. Hurry.”
Indeed not, he wanted to say, indeed not, neither one of them should have been there, but he did not dare ask Sarah why she had been meeting another man in the woods, risking her reputation and her honor. She was stupid, he longed to scream at her, to shake some sense into her. Stupid and foolish, naïve and untrustworthy, and did she have any idea of the danger she had placed him in? The farmer driving the wagon stared at him, as enemies faced off at close range. Jack held his tongue. He was out of his element, as green as a new recruit.
“I came to fetch you,” Jack said. The simple truth was his best defense, but little good it would do if the farmer was one of the partisans who had not hesitated to kill a British soldier minutes earlier. To kill another would be no great matter. “We must return to Charles Town at once.”
He climbed onto the back of the farm wagon, coming to rest on the rough planks. The driver, introduced as Mr. Kelly, had nothing at all to say to a Royal Navy lieutenant, while Sarah was concerned with his feverish appearance. She touched his forehead with gentle fingers, an act of love and concern that was genuine. It was not too late. She was his yet, if he acted with haste. Almost mad with thirst, he guzzled the contents of the canteen she offered. His head cleared and he realized that the night was almost gone. Unable to make the horse walk any faster, Jack pondered all possible strategies to achieve his goal before the Arcturus weighed anchor. After what seemed like hours, they came within sight of the entrenchments near the city, where the fires of the camp twinkled like an earthbound constellation.
“They are unusually cautious tonight,” Jack said to Mr. Kelly, indicating the cluster of soldiers with bayonets fixed. “I have a pass and my commission, I shall not be questioned. I would suggest, sir, that I take Miss Mahon home so that you can return without being stopped.”
Nothing more needed to be said; no other encouragement was required. Kelly turned the horse around and the wagon rolled through a wide loop, leaving the couple alone. As if she had not been in du Marais’ embrace earlier, Sarah fell into his arms and murmured endearments that almost drove the Frenchman out of Jack’s thoughts. He covered her face with kisses, to remove every last vestige of a rival, and Sarah responded with a heat that proved he had won her back, that he had rescued her before she fell. “We shall be married, my love, husband and wife, from this moment,” he said. Before another man could take his place, Jack decided to claim his wife and worry about the ceremony later. The wedding night would precede the wedding, to cement his place. Let Mr. or Mrs. Mahon try to throw more obstacles in the path. Once Sarah was no longer a maiden, there was nothing they could do to block the marriage. Far from his father’s influence, Jack would not be stopped by anyone.
No objections were voiced as Jack laid her on his coat and lifted her petticoats. Her body molded to his as he slid between her legs, their fingers meeting as they both tugged at the buttons of his flies. She was eager, but he entered her with tender care and watched her lips curl around a gasp of surprise. All too soon, he climaxed, with his victory won and his future sealed. “Mrs. Ashford,” he whispered in her ear. “No one can come between us.”
She rested her head on his chest and sighed her regret that she did not know he was coming. How different their wedding night might have been, yet how glorious it was in its simplicity. Two people in love, and what more did a woman need to be as happy as Sarah was at that moment. “My father must ask the bishop for a special license,” she said.
“If he will not, then we shall have to wait for the banns to be read,” he said. “It is not important how it is done, my love.” 
“As long as it is done,” she said. 
“There may not be time for a wedding breakfast tomorrow. I must set sail on the tide.”
A sense of calm radiated from her warm skin and he wanted to lie there forever, but he did not have forever. He was almost delirious with joy, but a fleeting thought of the coming months drove sense from his head. To steal a last few moments of pleasure, he ignored the minutes ticking by so that he could focus on the sensation of Sarah’s thighs hugging his hips, her soft moans, and the crunch of pine needles under her back. The memory would be his comfort in the long months to come while he waited for Cornwallis to beat the southern militia or the war-weary Parliament to yield.



NINE

So many things she meant to tell Jack, but Sarah did not remember any of it until she reached her father’s door. To chase after him would never do, and she had no other choice but to seek out Jack’s captain. Without making a sound to alert her family, she slipped into her father’s plantation office so that she could write a note to explain the complex plan she had arranged with du Marais. Like a thief, she slinked in the shadows until she reached the docks, and then shook with fear as she sat in a rowboat that crossed the open water of the bay. She breathed a sigh of relief after she completed the most critical part of the mission, but she knew that she had been exiled from Charles Town and would be arrested if she was caught on the street, to be thrown into the dungeon below the Exchange. Even so, it was worth the risk to deliver the letter.
Jack’s captain was a silly old man, smirking as she explained the reason that she was calling on the ship in the middle of the night. He changed his tune quite rapidly when she relayed the saga of the Arcturus and the Percheron, under the command of a certain Captain Armand du Marais, waging a minor battle off the coast of the Spanish colonies. As was the custom, Captain Pearson stored his furniture in a boat and towed it behind his ship during the fight, and the French captain was apologetic that the boat was accidentally sunk. When du Marais told Sarah how he gave Pearson a set of armchairs from his own cabin, as would any gentleman, du Marais thought he was merely being amusing. Never could he have guessed that his anecdote would prove to be remarkably useful. Captain Pearson studied her little message very closely after he realized that she was not some foolish girl looking for a parting kiss from her sweetheart.
With no time to heat water, Sarah washed in cold. What little noise she made was enough to alarm her mother, who walked into the garret bedroom as Sarah was fastening the ribbons of her best underskirt. “Mr. Ashford, Mama, he is here. We will be married as soon as the the bishop grants the license.”
“When he returns, Sarah, I shall speak to him,” Bérthe said. 
Deaf to her mother’s caution, Sarah described her plans for the morning, a quick ceremony and then the groom would send her to live with Beck in England until he had saved enough money to make a new start in Charles Town. Already upset at having to rise before eight, the mother of the bride set her jaw and made it clear that she would have her way about the ceremony and the wedding breakfast. A hasty, brief prayer service was not suited to the daughter of Richard Mahon, no matter what Mr. Ashford thought would suffice.
“I don’t care about the wedding breakfast,” Sarah said.
“And no trousseau,” Bérthe continued. “Nothing better than rags and tatters. You shame your father.”
“After the wedding,” Sarah began, but her father swept into the room and cut her off.
“Exactly, and where will you live?” he asked. “Does Mr. Ashford presume to impose his duties on my head? Let him first arrange for a house to be built at Brookfield. Going about this backwards, I would say.”
“Oh, Papa, I’ll be quite happy with Beck until Mr. Ashford is ready to emigrate,” Sarah said.
A steady procession of soldiers trooped up and down the garden path while the Mahon family waited in the shelter of the pine grove. With every squeal of the gate hinge, Sarah was on her feet, to fly into Jack’s arms, but every time she checked the gate it was only another messenger for Colonel O’Hara. Tired of waiting, Mr. Mahon set off for the vicarage at St. Michael’s, ready to hold the pen for the idiotic minister who was blessed with all the sense of the mad king who had foisted the miscreant on the congregation. Sarah paced around the grove and then wandered through the garden, wondering what was taking her father so long to get back.
The gate was slammed shut with a violent rattling of iron. Sarah did not understand why Richard was back without Jack, looking as if his face were ready to explode. “Gone,” he said, teeth clenched.
“The bishop?” Bérthe asked.
“The groom, my dear.” Richard threw his hat into the hedge, stomped around in a circle of frustration, and used language that was normally confined to the docks. “Set sail two hours ago. There’s your sweetheart, Sarah.”
The license, the garden, the wedding; Sarah was certain of her facts. Her father must have misunderstood, but he assured her that he was quite correct. There would be no wedding. She was jilted. Before a tear could fall, Richard held her close, as if he could absorb the heartache. “I never meant for you to pay the price of liberty,” he said. “When I set you free upon the world, I never wanted you to suffer, but I could not protect you from this. My fault, dear child. I failed you.”
Sarah sobbed against her father’s chest, the reality of the morning erasing the fantasy of the previous night. Somehow, somewhere, a mistake had been made, for Jack would be here if he could. The bishop might have denied the request and time ran out: Jack had to return to sea and would write to her as soon as possible. She had only to wait for word, that he was coming back and she should continue to wait, or perhaps he was posted elsewhere and would send for her. Pushed to the back of her mind were her father’s words—jilted, abandoned —a verdict that she would never accept.

* * * * *

“Alive, thank God. His father would have cashiered me if he ever found out.”
The sound of Captain Pearson’s voice roused Jack, but it was the pain that opened his eyes. His vision was blurred, and when he attempted to feel his face, the ship’s surgeon caught his hand and tucked it back under a blanket. “Alive, sir, but hors de combat for some time to come. It’s lucky for him that his skull wasn’t fractured,” the surgeon said. “Mr. Ashford, can you tell me what happened?”
“Sarah,” Jack mumbled. He had married Sarah. Or had he not? His body ached. Every breath was an agony.
“Were you successful in your venture?” Pearson asked.
Bits of memory tumbled in his head, disjointed pieces that would not fit together to make a picture. He had been in the woods, that much he recalled, but if he had made love with Sarah or merely dreamed it, he could not determine. How he came aboard the ship, how he landed in sick bay, he had no idea. Jack closed his eyes against the shadows.
“Some time before you were brought to the ship, a young lady called on me. Very pretty little thing, lovely green eyes. Claimed to be your betrothed.”
Emerald eyes. Emerald stones. Pearls of wisdom. Pearls from the sea, the sea that Jack sailed. “Warm honey, her hair,” Jack mumbled.
Captain Pearson leaned down, to put his face within inches of Jack’s. “Somewhat stubborn, I might add. She would not go home until I read her billet-deux. Addressed to you, Mr. Ashford, but she insisted that I read it. Not the sort of woman to be denied, I might add.”
The creased sheet danced before him, held unsteadily by the Captain. Words flowed on the page, in and out like the tide, blurring and sharpening in time with the rocking of the ship. They were at sea, not in port. “Safe passage guaranteed,” he read aloud, and then he read it again.
Another pitch of the hull and Jack’s stomach lurched. An image of a man in shadow flitted across his mind’s eye, someone hovering over his shoulder as he promenaded along a dark street. An arm raised up, ready to strike, a club or a fist, and he lifted an arm to protect himself. With effort, Jack got himself upright and planted his feet on the deck, to keep from falling over. He took the letter, only to notice that his right hand was heavily bandaged and he could not bend his fingers. “You took quite a beating,” the surgeon said. “I would advise you not to exert yourself, Mr. Ashford. Possibly broken ribs.”
“Safe passage,” Jack read. Sarah had not betrayed him but had rescued him, struck a deal to keep him safe, at a cost he would never know. He handed the letter back to Pearson after glancing at the instructions that were to be followed with precision. She did indeed hold his life in her hands and the realization terrified him.
For three days he recuperated, never able to recall the incidents of his last night in Charles Town. When the ship’s drummer beat a tattoo and the boatswain called the men to their battle stations, Jack willed away the pain and took up his post on the quarterdeck, to accept Sarah’s gift of unremitting love. On the near horizon he saw the sails of French-rigged ships, no less than two ships of the line and a frigate, arrayed against the leaking Arcturus. The topmen crawled across the yards, the men on deck hauled ropes as the ship shortened sail and made ready for a battle she had no hope of winning and little chance of escaping. As Jack watched, the French battle group shifted positions, leaving a line of battle and forming up into two lines.
“Run the gauntlet,” Pearson said. He lowered his glass. “Gunwales open, guns not run out. Precisely as promised.”
“He’ll have his sport,” Jack said.
“How reliable is your intended, Mr. Ashford?” 
“I would trust her with my life, sir.”
Like a bad stage play, the events unfolded as Sarah had described in her letter. The Percheron lay-to, sails shortened for battle, with a frigate and a chasse marrée to starboard. If the Arcturus sailed as ordered, she would have to pass between the ships and be exposed to a dual broadside. To the shock of his crew and mumbled protests from the sailing master, Pearson set his course. The men of the Arcturus waited at their guns, thinking the captain had gone mad to sail through a corridor of metal. On the Percheron, the French marines stood along the rail as if they were being inspected by royalty, and as the British ship approached, Jack could hear the tinny notes of a ship’s band playing a lively tune. When the quarterdeck of the Arcturus drew level with the Percheron, Armand du Marais struck a courtier’s pose, doffed his hat and bowed grandly. Jack burned the image into his brain, the cold gaze, the cruel smirk, captured for all time.
“As you see, gentlemen,” du Marais called out. “I am a man of my word.”
Pearson returned the bow, speaking to Jack through clenched teeth. “I do not know how you came to know that woman, Lt. Ashford, nor do I care to know.”
Jack made his way to the rail, clinging to the shrouds as he watched the French sails bend to the wind on an easterly course, to make ready for the real battle that was yet to come. The sheets of the Arcturus caught the same breeze, carrying every yard of canvas that her masts could bear in an effort to make headway and meet up with Arbuthnot’s fleet. A gurgle in Jack’s throat exploded into a laugh as returned to the helm, amused at the first clear thought he had put together in days. His hold on Sarah was made stronger, not weaker, and even though he was gone from South Carolina, she had no choice but to wait for him. She was ruined, and fit for no other man than the one who had claimed her maidenhead.
As soon as the swelling in his fingers subsided, Jack sat at the desk bolted to the bulkhead of his cabin and wrote a letter that could never hope to capture the emotions he felt when he watched a French battle group stand down for the sake of one woman’s love for an unworthy gentleman. He missed her too much to consider any other plan than one of scandal, but they had taken the first step to defy their parents and there was no sense in not taking the next. With so many ships leaving Charles Town, it would be a simple matter for Sarah to find passage on a merchant vessel making for Virginia, where Jack could arrange for her further passage to England. At least she would be safe there, and well away from any influence her family might exert to have the marriage annulled.
Even that plan might be altered, given the political upheaval and changing conditions in the West Indies. Hostilities would have to end soon, with the ever-shrinking army and its incompetent leaders creating their own defeat. Then there was France, threatening England’s grip on the valuable sugar islands. A clutch of American colonies would be cut loose without regret if forces were needed to protect an important British asset. Once that happened, Jack Ashford would be free as well, and he would have the rest of his life to make amends to the Mahons and develop a taste for rice.

* * * * *

At first, Sarah’s mother was content to allow her daughter to take to her bed, a period of languishing that was the only known remedy for a broken heart. Sarah had no more than a week of solitude before Bérthe began to get wind of the gossip that was sweeping through the drawing rooms of the finest houses. Saving face quickly become the new battle cry, coupled with a demand that Sarah get up, put on a smile, and carry on as if nothing more had happened than a brief spell of fever. Sarah took to praying, asking God to strike her with a genuine fever and spare her further humiliation with a speedy death.
“We are all deeply disturbed by the rumors,” Etienne said. He had come to cheer her up every day since Jack’s disappearance, bringing her little gifts. Through his contacts, he had reversed her earlier exile under a claim that she was deathly ill, and not one of the city’s military rulers would dare to come investigate, in case it were true. Sarah could only wish that it was, indeed, the truth. “Inevitably, they trace back to some of our loyalist neighbors. What a force you are, Miss Mahon. Anyone accusing you of shameful conduct is immediately labeled a lackey of the King.”
“Lord Herson’s doing,” Sarah said. The minute that the cad heard she had been jilted, he pressed a billet deux into her hand as if she were some shop girl, and Sarah promptly tore it up and threw the little pieces in his face. Better to hide in the garret than to face the vile insinuations of the men she once toyed with, led on and discarded. Better to remain in seclusion so that she could mourn the loss of her lover.
“At every opportunity, I have laid out the true facts,” Etienne said. “When were the banns read out? Never. When did a clerk put ink to paper to issue a special license? Never. No banns, no license—how to have a wedding then? I’ve flustered more than a few of the mindless these past weeks.”
“Let them have their sport.”
“They certainly have no victories. Our friend Balfour is at a loss, now that the paroles have been revoked and our noble gentlemen returned to their patriot militias, rather than accept the King’s shilling. I fear he means to make an example of Cousin Gaillard’s neighbor.”
“I would gladly take his place.”
“You have already paid a price, my dear. A high price.”
Under a merciless onslaught of badgering, Sarah was sorely tempted to walk into the ocean and never look back. She was weary, tired of the world and sick of the war. Her future was an empty hole, a blank nothingness, with no point in living another day. She craved solitude but her family would not leave her alone. Above all, she wanted to be rid of the continuous chatter that filled her head from dawn to dusk. Her body grew weaker by the day, until her father stepped in and gave her a deadline that he would meet with physical force if necessary. She could not disobey her dear father.
On the first of August, still unable to eat without becoming ill, Sarah donned her mourning kit and accepted Bérthe’s help in descending the stairs. She walked to the pine grove in the garden, shivering in the heat while her ribs rattled against a loose corset. A stocking slid down her leg, to pool around her ankle, but it was not worth the effort to pull it back up. She was defeated, beaten down, and it was only a matter of surrendering to the inevitable.
“Shall we drive out to watch the soldiers on parade?” Etienne suggested. He handed Sarah a parcel, which he had to open, and displayed three linen handkerchiefs he had discovered in town, embroidered with roses and sprigs of larkspur. “Please, Miss Mahon, I lend the full weight of my position to your reputation. All of Charles Town will see. You must drive out with me.”
Her friends had avoided her, no one expressed doubts over the rumors by calling on her, and Sarah understood precisely what Mr. Beauchamp was about to do. The most prestigious gentleman in the Low Country, in the company of a woman brought down by scandalous gossip, would rehabilitate her name and restore her father’s honor. With no word from Jack since the day he left, Sarah accepted the fact that Jack had died, and with that, all hope was finally extinguished.
The Beauchamp gigue crawled along the roads while Etienne called out to passing friends. He might just as easily have published a broadside, lambasting the public for the wrongs done to a certain female partisan now wounded in the course of battle. Anyone acknowledging Etienne had to ask after Sarah’s health, since she was seated right next to him, looking like a specter in a black-trimmed straw hat. Etienne forced people to speak to Sarah rather than risk insulting him, and he was not a man to brush off an insult.
“Entirely my fault,” Etienne explained to everyone who stopped long enough for a brief chat. Miss Mahon, the innocent party, had spent the sickly season looking after the aged Madeleine Beauchamp, exposed to the swamps, the miasmas, the fetid air of a Low Country plantation in the height of summer. Bit by bit, Etienne painted a picture of a selfless young lady who risked fevers and pestilence to care for an old woman. Not pining over a lost lover, not bemoaning her ruin, as the filthy red-coated dogs would have people believe. Sarah Mahon was presented as a victim of her own stubborn refusal to abandon Madame Beauchamp when the unfortunate woman had grown too frail to take up lodgings in town, strange lodgings, to be sure, with the British occupying the family’s home on King Street. Blame the British, Etienne implied, know who started the rumors and who benefited from their broadcast. Miss Mahon was at Riverside plantation, under the care and protection of a trusted family friend, only to return to her father’s house in the grip of fever.
“I shall ask Papa if he will send me to Boston,” Sarah said. She watched the soldiers turn through a military evolution, buttons and bayonets glistening in the sun. “Start fresh with Uncle Mahon.”
“Yet I was hoping that you might return to Riverside,” Etienne said. “My mother may not remember your name, but she is much happier when you are there. Indeed, I find that I am happier.”
The regimental fifes and drums struck up a tune to entertain the spectators and display, for the public benefit, all the might and precision of the world’s most formidable army. Etienne mentioned the latest sense of the war, telling Sarah about Balfour’s threat to come down on the rebels’ heads and crush them like insects. One by one the outposts in the back country had fallen, and Charles Town would take the full brunt of England’s military humiliation. It was the last shout of a dying army, Etienne assured her. Last month Sarah had been overjoyed with the progress of the war; today she cared not one whit.
“Ninety-Six has fallen,” Etienne said. “And I am conquered.”
People she knew well looked across the field, staring at her as if she were some sort of freakish specimen. How easy to read their eyes, to hear the whispers that passed behind genteel hands. Charles Town society was in the grip of the enemy while her true friends were up the Santee and the Congaree, fighting to push Lord Rawdon’s forces into the sea. How much longer would she have to endure this torture, a slow death of her soul that left her body intact? Sarah closed her eyes, to blot out the dirt and mud that clung to her name in spite of Mr. Beauchamp’s intense campaign.
“And so, I would ask you to return to Riverside,” Etienne blathered on. She had stopped listening to everyone, wanting only to hear Jack’s deep voice. Still she heard them, all of them, from every occupied house and farm and shop. Etienne took her hand and jolted Sarah out of her despair. “But to return as my wife.”
“If you will marry me right this minute, Mr. Beauchamp, then I will agree.”
“But, my dear, surely, one would like time to prepare.” 
“I will go with you now or not at all.”
Blessed peace, away from the accusing stares, was short-lived. Reverend Mr. Jenkins as much as implied that the bride-to-be was possibly, perhaps, it was reported, and Mr. Beauchamp came dangerously close to taking insult and asking for satisfaction. If Sarah could have demanded satisfaction from the people who had spread tales about her, the town would be devoid of Loyalists and Mr. Jenkins would be stiff and cold.
“You must have written out a special license previously, sir,” Etienne said, leaning over the rector’s desk with a definite air of menace. “Conducted a ceremony? None of it, sir. And tell me, if you can, the meaning of that commandment that seems to have been forgotten among your parishioners. You know the one, or have you forgotten as well that it is forbidden by God to bear false witness?”
Mr. and Mrs. Mahon were shown in, two people who Sarah had overlooked in her desire to escape her situation. Flushed, perspiring, Bérthe fell into the seat next to Sarah and took her daughter’s hands. “I can’t go to Boston, Mama,” Sarah said. “It will be worse for me, don’t you see?”
“Beauchamp, dear friend, I could not be happier. And as we hoped, without undue influence, a natural evolution,” Richard said. “So long in dreaming, I had some doubt that I would see this union come to fruition.”
“The passage was not smooth, and for that I ask your forgiveness,” Etienne said. “The fault, for all the gossip, lies with me. You have no objection to me, I pray. Miss Mahon has accepted me. In truth, I meant to propose months ago. Forgive my cowardice.”
No sensible father would object to a man as respected as Etienne Beauchamp. On wealth alone, he was considered the best catch in the Low Country, and he had an outstanding lineage that brought the highest social position. Without even thinking, Sarah took the quill that was offered and signed her name in the registry, not bothering to ink the nib when it ran dry. Her name was incomplete, but then so was her first marriage. If Etienne had not then taken the quill from her, to write his name, she would have lined out her first signature and replaced it with her proper name, Mrs. John Ashford, a widow, for that was her true identity.
It was ridiculous, to parade through the streets when Sarah had no wedding ring to display as proof of her respectable status, but Etienne insisted on a slow stroll. Word traveled so quickly that the officers billeted at the Mahon house knew of the wedding before the bridal party arrived for a hasty celebration. Colonel O’Hara supplied the wine for a toast, and was joined by a full compliment of junior officers in raising a glass. The guests that Sarah would have invited were far from Charles Town, sitting out the war in England or fretting through an exile in Boston or Philadelphia. Fitting, somehow, to be feted by soldiers she would see dead, celebrating a marriage she had not sought. Lord Herson downed the wine in a single gulp, slammed his glass on the table, and stormed out of the dining room.

* * * * *

Her trunk was packed by the time the celebration had ended. Neighbors had come to call, to see her off, the same people who once looked down their loyal noses and secretly applauded Sarah’s misfortune. How their tune had changed, now that a legally recognized and officially sanctioned union had take place and they could all go stutter and stammer to one another. Sarah stepped off her father’s piazza on the arm of the richest man in the Low Country, her head high, and she would never be lowered by anyone again.
At the gates of the city, she noted that the encampment lacked confidence, as if the soldiers were questioning their superiority and their survival. Officers snapped at soldiers, orders given with an edge that arose from a complete inexperience with losing. Along the river road, near the Neufville plantation, Etienne reined in the horse and pulled aside, making way for a foraging party that marched out of the exiled patriot’s drive. The family was in Philadelphia, their rice beds left to crumble when the British gave up trying to run the empty estate at a profit to the Crown. Etienne had lost some cotton and tobacco lands along the Congaree to British occupation; he was bringing his wife home to a world of some slight difficulties.
“Camden. Ninety-Six. Eutaw Springs. We’ve only to hold out.” Etienne was talking to himself, for all the listening that Sarah was capable of that day. “That Hayne lad is most likely going to hang. I spoke to Fraser about his situation. His sister, Mrs. Peronneau, has tried to rally her Loyalist friends, but they’d rather see a patriot swing. Revenge for their own fallen in battle, or revenge for their Colonel Andrè. In the end, we all have nothing but more dead on both sides.”
They always spoke this way, Sarah and Mr. Beauchamp, discussing the war and debating rights and wrongs. A continuance of the past did not help her to comprehend her present or her future. Confused, dizzy, queasy, Sarah gripped the carriage door to keep from tumbling out or floating away. Etienne took her hand, held it to his lips, and she felt his hot breath through the thin fabric of her glove. Echoing out of the deepest corners of her mind, Sarah heard the first notes of panic, a faint whisper that was growing stronger.
The minute that the horses stopped at the front of the house, the stable boys had the reins. Etienne had to help her down, so wobbly had Sarah’s legs become that she could hardly stand upright. He guided her into his library and settled her on a chair before calling for brandy to revitalize her after such a long and trying day. Deep shadows of early evening stretched across the room, like floor cloths painted in the growing gloom of sunset.
“You were so patient with me, my dear, while I found the courage to ask for your hand,” Etienne said. He tipped the glass to her lips, to urge her to drink, but Sarah needed little encouragement. The panic that once whispered was shouting now, so loud that she was deaf to anything else. Etienne whispered in her ear, but Sarah did not hear what he had said even though she understood his meaning.
She took another glass of brandy and it was a bit easier to remain calm as Etienne removed her hat and gloves and then slid his bony old fingers under her fichu. He chuckled at the way her hands trembled as he slid her onto his lap, damp lips brushing the top of her breasts while brandy burned down her throat. With a great deal of effort, Sarah suppressed a desire to cringe and shrink away as his hand explored her upper thighs. Force of will kept the liquor in her belly when Etienne kissed her and she nearly gagged.
“This ain’t my room,” she said when Etienne deposited her at the wrong end of the house.
“No more of that slave talk,” Etienne said. “You will never again use the word ‘ain’t’. And this is your room, my dear, from this day forward.” The brandy had dulled her senses, blurred the edges of her vision in a pleasant way. In the sky blue room, Sarah was a cloud in her white night dress and her maid Mary was the rain in drab grey. The earth was in the basin on the stand where water and rose petals mingled to sweeten the air, a garden bed full of flowers and morning dew. With her imagination veering off on an unknown path, Sarah discovered that there were a great many things that were delightfully funny. Being in a strange room, with Mary acting so very silly, was the perfect occasion for a round of giggling. And then there was Mr. Beauchamp, appearing in his night shirt without his wig, the funniest sight she had ever seen when he was so meticulous about his public appearance.
The room spun as Sarah drifted down onto the soft feather mattress. Etienne covered her like a warm quilt, a heavy blanket that was entirely unwanted on a hot summer evening and just as uncomfortable. Disconnected thoughts drifted to Beck, so far away in England, waiting for Sarah who would not arrive as planned. Growing woozy and light-headed, Sarah wanted to plant her foot on the floor, to stop the rotation, but she was pinned in place like a butterfly in a naturalist’s collection.
Etienne tightened up like an over-wound spring and then snapped, groaning with pleasure. Only then did Sarah exhale, relieved that he was finished at last. She had fallen to the bottom now, no different than the women who hung half-naked out of windows and gawked while a young lady was chased by a drunken soldier. They took payment to perform the same service that Etienne expected of her, and Sarah took payment as well, but it was in the form of social coin, the cost of salvaging and securing her reputation. A drop of sweat fell from Etienne’s nose and smacked into Sarah’s eye, making her wince. She could not help it; she burst into giggles that evolved into an inebriated snort.
“The Gaillard blood rises in your veins,” Etienne said. “Running as hot as a Charles Town summer.”
“I shall endeavor to be a good wife, Mr. Beauchamp,” Sarah said, her words but half-formed by lips that were numb.
He slipped into his dressing gown before leaning over to give her a gentle peck on the forehead. Taking the candle, Etienne whistled his way out of the room, going through a door that Sarah guessed would take him to his own bed, the one that had dry sheets and smelled of fresh air. She got up as soon as she heard the door close, filled the basin with rose water, and scrubbed every inch of skin that had been touched. She rubbed with all her might, over and over until she was red and raw.
“Mrs. John Ashford,” she whispered to the dim reflection in the mirror. Always and forever, a widow who turned to the oldest profession to secure her daily bread.



TEN

For several weeks, the yellow fever flag snapped on the halyard of the Arcturus. No supply ships would dare to approach her, with a crew redolent of disease and death. Seven sailors were sewn into their hammocks and pitched over the side, seven men who had gone up the PeeDee on a futile mission and come back with fever. Jack wrote a letter to Sarah every day, the same letter repeated so that he increased his chances of contacting her. Dear Mrs. Ashford, he opened each one, come to Hampton Roads at once. Leave for England following the wedding service. Yet no one came for his letters, no despatch boat tied up alongside to accept his important mail.
When his collection of missives was finally on its way, Jack daily anticipated Sarah’s reply. He pounced on his mail when letters arrived in August, carelessly discarding anything that bore his father’s distinctive fist. In the quiet of his cabin, Jack broke the seal on a message from his cousin’s aide de camp in Charles Town. Having heard nothing from Sarah, he made inquiries, but the news from the Port Admiral’s office spelled out a grim saga. A letter from Mr. Richard Mahon had been received, an order that all correspondence between Lt. John Ashford and Miss Sarah Mahon would cease immediately, and as far as the lieutenant was to be concerned, Miss Mahon no longer existed.
Rumors of rebel troop movements kept the British fleet stationary, always in readiness to sail to New York or Savannah or Port Royal in Jamaica and paralyzed with indecision from the top. Dispatches arrived at the Arcturus with regularity, but no explanation came from Sarah after Jack demanded one. Neither did Mr. Mahon elaborate on the meaning of his request, leaving Jack frustrated and increasingly angry. His informant in the Port Admiral’s office had been too busy with work to overhear much local gossip, and it was not until early September that Jack finally received a hastily scribbled letter. “Miss Mahon hooked the wealthiest old fish in Charles Town,” the admiral’s clerk wrote. “A match to equal the union of two branches of a royal household in the view of the local populace.”
Methodically, Jack creased the paper into a square, small enough to fit into the palm of his hand. He went up on deck, reached over the rail, and dropped the note into the sea as an offering to the gods. Sarah had sacrificed everything for him, but he was too stupid to understand the capabilities of a devious bastard like Etienne Beauchamp. He had been entirely engrossed in his duties, on guard against French attack, and Beauchamp had snuck up behind and stolen away Jack’s greatest treasure. Sarah was a ruined woman but if ordered by her father to take a particular man as a husband, she had no choice but to obey and then hide her lost virginity. Even if she had wanted to run away, it was easy enough to lock a girl up in her room until she consented.
All along, the old man had been his rival while du Marais was merely a distraction. The old man outfoxed the young pup who thought that love could conquer distance and determination, that his place was secured by one night in the woods. A desire for revenge began to smolder, a drive to annihilate all who stood in his way if he were to reclaim Sarah. Jack looked out over the assembled ships of the line, his weapons to be wielded in a quest for revenge that would begin with Armand du Marais. Ultimately, however, he had to rid the world of Beauchamp, and how was he to accomplish that?
Even as he examined the possibility of murder, he watched a new set of flags run up the halyard of Admiral Graves’ ship. The Arcturus erupted into a frenzy of drummers beating the men to stations, mingled with the thunderous claps of the loosened sheets catching the wind. The sailing master bellowed, his mates echoed, and the ship began to pick up speed, hurtling toward the enemy. The line of battle began to form up, as if the British ships were scattered sheep being herded by an unseen shepherd. Captain Pearson gathered his officers for a last meal before they engaged the French, but Jack had a belly full of vengeance to feed his anger.
Standing on the quarterdeck, he could not be still as the ship wore around again and again, weaving into the strongest defensible position. He cheered the first broadside, shouted like a mad man as shot pounded the hull of a French ship of the line. The Arcturus came around, to rake the French deck with grapeshot, when a French gun found a target in the top of the mizzenmast. Cool in the face of near death, Jack ordered the debris cut away and thrown over the side. A cloud of smoke blotted out all light, but still the Arcturus fought to keep the weather gauge. Oblivious to the roar of the guns, Jack fielded reports from the gun deck, ticking off casualties as if the lives lost were nothing more than numbers in a ledger. A master of fighting sail, Pearson saw an opportunity to deliver a decisive blow to the enemy and he ordered his ship to come around on the larboard tack. Jack took note of the strategy, always keen to learn more. He turned to the captain, to tell him that they had lost the number five gun, when a shower of splinters, canvas and rope rained down on the deck.
Jack’s ears rang. He saw mouths moving before him but he could hear nothing but a muffled roar. “Hors de combat,” a voice said behind him, a sound so far away that Jack was unsure that he was not picking up an echo from another ship.
“Sir, we are ordered to stand off,” Mr. Thomas said. The midshipman then offered his hand, to help Jack to his feet. Enveloped in a cloud of gunpowder smoke, his head throbbing, Jack could not see what damage had been done but he had to report to Captain Pearson, so that the commander would know what resources he had on hand. There was no time to lose, not when everything could depend on catching a chance gust of wind or tacking at this very moment. He barked out orders for reports from every corner of the ship, and then turned to his captain for further instructions. There would be no further instructions. Captain Pearson had been cut in two by a cannon ball.
“Acknowledge the signal,” Jack bellowed, all of his senses snapping into high alert. Debris overboard, all stations report; the first lieutenant took the command and set his mind to carry on the fight. Soon enough, he learned what Admiral Graves had seen. The Arcturus would fight no more that day; the loss of rigging and sails had crippled her. Obeying orders, Jack gave up the chase that his ship could never run and put the crew to a different task. The masts would have to be jury-rigged, patched up enough to make it to New York. Alone on the quarterdeck, Jack Ashford held the command he longed for, devoid of any glory. He would get his ship to safe harbor; that was all that was left for him to do, but he would do it with crisp efficiency, as if Sarah were there with him, watching and admiring.
In the light of another dawn, while funerals were held for the sailors who gave their lives for King and country, Jack watched from the gangway as the French fleet drifted to the south. By the time that the Arcturus was made ready to limp north, the British fleet was out of sight, pursuing the enemy battle group that counted Armand du Marais amongst its captains. With the eyes of his crew upon him, their lives dependent on his abilities as a sailor and a soldier, Jack looked over the men assembled on deck and realized that his head had been filled with madness. Only days ago, he had been ready to jump ship and make for Charles Town, and do what? Now that he had tasted defeat, his mind was clear. At his order, fresh canvas billowed from repaired yards, as if the sheets were breathing deeply of the sea air.
To the east, a forest of masts pricked the horizon, getting taller as the Arcturus tacked to starboard. Mr. Thomas passed along the report from the main topmast, they were French-rigged and heading for Hampton Roads. Alone, leaking and beaten down, the Arcturus was best suited for running and run she did. Jack called for all sail to be crowded on, all that the patched masts and yards could hold. Keeping a close eye on the enemy, he held the glass to his eye and watched the leading ship of the line open her gunwales and then close them. Giving up on easy pickings, apparently, or not interested in the insignificant prize that a broken down British frigate represented.
Beyond gun range, the eight ships of the line continued on their course, ignoring the Arcturus yet aware of her presence. Jack could make out the French captain on the quarterdeck of the trailing ship, a gentleman with his glass trained on the Arcturus in the event the British frigate was about to engage in an act of absolute suicide. On guard against a feint, Jack waited for a slight shift in the wind, a change that he would feel on a certain spot on his cheek and know that the time was right to tack to larboard and maneuver away from the enemy. With precise movements that filled Jack with pride for his crew, the Arcturus made headway and sailed out of range. Jack took a last look at the retreating stern and murmured a curse. Armand du Marais had gotten the better of him yet again.
The French squadron tacked as a unit in a magnificent display of seamanship, revealing a clue to their destination. With a flash of insight, Jack realized that Admiral Graves had not gone after the entire French fleet. He burned with frustration, unable to warn his commanding officer that Armand du Marais was not making for the West Indies but for Chesapeake Bay, left open by the pursuing British. Lord Cornwallis and his soldiers had their backs to the sea, and now they had the French at their backs. The cork was being put in the neck of the bottle and the British were cornered. It was lost, all of it, the colonies, the war, Sarah. Jack had nothing left.

* * * * *

Before word came from the Chesapeake, to confirm what Jack had seen for himself, the Arcturus was patched up in New York and sent to Spithead. Attached to a slow moving merchant convoy, the ship arrived on the heels of the reported disaster, her sorry state reinforcing the gloom that pervaded the shipyard.
New orders were waiting, sending Lt. Ashford to London and a meeting with his father. At sea, Jack managed to avoid the demands and diatribes by pitching the unopened letters overboard. A summons from the Admiralty was not so readily dismissed. At the same time, he would not be rushed. Tony Powell’s home was on the road to London, a tiny spot of Charles Town warmth in an otherwise depressing vista. Stopping to call, Jack was shown into the drawing room that was outfitted with colonial goods, displaying an American influence that Mrs. Powell had added to make the home her own. A cozy fire glowed on the hearth, to melt away the chill of November. Grateful for the heat after a ride in a post chaise, Ashford turned his back to the fire and waited.
Mrs. Powell could not have been any colder to him than if she were a block of ice. Her manner was rigidly formal, no sign of friendship but every indication of forced propriety was evident in the way she sat and the way that she offered Jack a chair.
“Has my husband had the opportunity to inform you of the birth of his daughter?” she asked.
With ebullience that rang hollow, Jack expressed his joy, asked after the child’s health, size, age and anything else that made up normal discourse. Still she would not yield, would not melt or bend in the slightest. With little time to waste in pleasantries, Jack gave up and turned to the matters that pressed on his mind.
“My dear friend in Charles Town,” she said, refusing to utter Sarah’s name, “was given to believe that you were dead.”
“Very much alive, as you can see,” he said, playing at humor and failing.
“As I understand the events of a particular day,” Mrs. Powell continued, “the groom jilted the bride.”
“I wrote to her,” he spluttered. “What am I to do, Mrs. Powell? Please, you can write to her. Tell her.”
“Tell Mrs. Beauchamp what, sir?” She stood up; the call was over. “That she was mistaken? You live and breathe and walk the earth, she was indeed jilted. And yes, she does deserve the censure of society. Aspersions are rightfully cast on her character. Far better that she thinks you dead, sir, as dead as you are to me.”
Jack was at her side in an instant, tugging at the lace of her sleeve like a petulant child. “Tell her to wait for me,” he begged.
Mrs. Powell spun around as if to face him, but her eyes remained focused on the wall behind him. “Wait for you?”
“He is old. He will be dead soon enough.”
She pulled her skirts clear of Jack’s dusty shoes and marched in a fury to the door. Her final words cut him, as sharp as a saber’s edge. “And while he lives, she lives in a world of misery and you, who brought this on, you...” She left the sentence unfinished.
“She could have waited for me,” he called to her retreating figure. “I have been wronged.”

* * * * *

Jack guessed at the reason for his father’s urgent summons as soon as he walked into the old man’s favorite club. From the man at the door to the footman in the dining room, everyone extended their deepest condolences on the death of Charles Ashford, the older brother who stood between Jack and his father and bore the brunt of rank’s cudgel. The Right Honorable Charles had succumbed to consumption in the spring, and now Jack was the next in line to be beaten into Tory submission.
“Very pretty girl,” Lord Bransmore said as he examined Sarah’s miniature with the eye of a man selecting bloodstock. “This type is well suited for a mistress.”
“I intend to marry her, sir,” Jack said. He would steal Sarah away, bring her to England, and act as if Beauchamp never existed.
“Indeed?” Bransmore laughed out loud and signaled for a second bottle of claret. “The role of Baroness Bransmore will be played by a woman of proper birth. Not some colonial farmer’s daughter.”
“She is more worthy of a title than any woman in England.” Jack pushed back from the table, too angry to eat.
“Now there’s your mother’s notions coming to the fore. Thought a colonial girl would suit you well, with that wild streak of yours. My boy, your mother is long dead and you are long past the age of ten. Although you often act like a child.” Bransmore sipped the wine and stared at the goblet. “I may have just the thing. Lord Atteridge, there. No, don’t look at him. A deal. Your colonial filly and his son.”
“What in God’s name are you suggesting?”
“Atteridge fils is one stallion that will never cover a mare, of that I am certain. Countless opportunities exist for you to dandle your colonial trollop on your knee while pairing up with a woman of noble birth. For his part, Atteridge gains an heir while his boy buggers the stable hands to his heart’s content,” Bransmore said. “Everyone stands to win. You have your whore and a presentable wife; the Atteridge title does not revert back to the crown for lack of an heir. You’re capable of discretion.”
“I’m the stud for Atteridge, is that your proposal?”
Bransmore attacked a slice of roasted beef with a fury. “Shut up, for God’s sake.”
Jack would not be silenced. He downed the glass of wine in a single gulp and rose unsteadily to his feet. “A testament to my procreative prowess. The sire of the next Earl Atteridge and the subsequent Baron Bransmore.”
“Sit down.”
“If this is to be my fate, sir, I had best resign my commission at once. My cock will be much in demand, I see.”
“You will do as you are told or you shall rot in the West Indies. I don’t care if every tooth falls out of your head, but you will be at sea until you come to your senses.”

* * * * *

Etienne had struggled to maintain the traditions of his family throughout the conflict, and this year’s New Year’s Day ball would once again be the signal that the Low Country social season was open. As 1782 dawned, the annual gala would be a little more festive and the guests a little more lively, celebrating the patriot victory at Yorktown. For those who had held fast to their rebel colors and suffered financially, the ball would be a vindication of all that they had endured. It would be an occasion for the men who were under pressure from Lt. Gen. Leslie to swear allegiance to the King to find support amongst their neighbors to accept Governor Rutledge’s offer of a pardon to those who had once taken British protection. The Beauchamp fete was a time to bury political allegiances and resurrect the more important connections of family and friends.
Sarah waddled through the drawing room, feeling every bit like an oversized lemon on legs. Etienne liked yellow, and he decreed that his wife would wear yellow. Bright, shining yellow satin, soft yellow silk, gold embroidery, sparkling diamonds; all made her as glittering as the noon day sun and she was just about as big around. One false move and her melon globe breasts would spill out over the top of the gown, cut low because Etienne liked to display her charms, enhanced by pregnancy. It was not at all the sort of thing that she would have selected herself, but then again, her dressing room held only that which Etienne had personally chosen. There were days when Sarah would have preferred to run around naked than drape her body in some hideous creation that Etienne approved because it was expensive and all of his colleagues knew that it was expensive and what was a wife but a man’s showcase.
The matrons of Charles Town regaled young Mrs. Beauchamp with horror stories of labor gone awry, body parts ripping and blood soaking into who cared what; Sarah smiled and grew increasingly deaf. Exhausted, she became an actress playing a role where the show had to go on. Someone would remark on the prowess of Etienne Beauchamp, the remarkable vitality, and Sarah would giggle like brides were supposed to, her real thoughts well hidden. Night after night farmer Beauchamp plowed his fertile field, the gentlemen in attendance snickered, and his pretty young wife was positively glowing with the pleasures of the marriage bed. Sarah counted the days until her confinement and lying in, tallying the length of time that remained until she could find some peace from the stupid nonsense.
“Captain du Marais, you run a great risk,” Etienne said, rushing to the door when the late arriving guest was announced. Sarah turned, so quickly that she had to check her bodice. Her breath came in rapid gasps, straining the stays of her maternity corset, while her breasts rose and fell like a bountiful tide and her skin turned a shade of pink that clashed with the yellow dress.
“Can it be? My dear Miss Sarah is now Mrs. Beauchamp?” du Marais asked. He bowed with utmost grace before replying to Etienne. “We all run a great risk, my good friend. Except for the lady before me, who can plead her belly and escape the hangman. In truth, sir, your Governor Rutledge has offered me protection, and I can promise you that the British lion is toothless, confined within the walls of Charles Town.”
The words of the great ally and naval hero became the chatter at dinner, as those who once might have been wavering took comfort in the reassurance of a man fresh from the battlefield. While the topic was debated at one end of the table, du Marais sat at the other, enjoying his position of honor at Sarah’s right hand and flirting with every female in the vicinity. He coaxed Sarah to eat more when she failed to touch anything on her plate, sounding very much like a lover seducing his beloved, but then he used the same tone on the sixty-year-old matron on his other side. His knee brushed Sarah’s thigh, retreated and returned, with each visit lasting a little longer than the first, until his leg was pressed against hers. He looked at her discreetly, from beneath lowered lashes, the master of a game that Sarah had never played before. She squirmed in her chair, drank a glass of wine too quickly, and tried to tamp down a rather peculiar sensation that rushed up and down her spine.
“To our honored guest, Captain Armand du Marais,” Etienne called out to his assembled guests.
Before the glasses were put back on the table, du Marais was on his feet, to honor the quiet soldiers, those who fought with their wits and attacked a man’s heart, the most formidable weapon in any nation’s arsenal. “To the woman who once saved my life, that I might fight another day.” Armand held his glass aloft and turned to Sarah, fixing a gaze on her that held the offer of unknown pleasures. Sarah could not explain the sudden urge that came upon her, to crawl under the table and give in to a desire that twisted in her middle. In Armand’s blue eyes was the route of escape from the life she had chosen and had now come to regret, a refuge from a decision made entirely without thought.
Talk turned to commerce, trade agreements and the price of wheat. Etienne nodded to her, and none too soon, for Sarah was eager to retire to the drawing room and the company of women. Having lived through the approbation of Charles Town society once before, and remembering that she had jumped into marriage because of it, Sarah was afraid of repeating past mistakes. Now married, she had no other life to run to, and the idea of spending the rest of her days as an outcast was enough to keep her on the straight and narrow.
Old Madame Beauchamp, closeted in her room now that she was prone to wandering off and getting lost on the plantation, was having a restless night. All the noise of the party drifted up the curving staircase, and she was aware that a crowd of people were in the house but she would not believe anyone who told her it was not a raid by the Catawba. Only Sarah could soothe her, to talk Madeleine into the past and into the comforting embrace of fond memories. As Sarah listened to a tale of old Charles Town, she could hear the murmurs of guests in the hallway who had taken advantage of her absence to slip off to bed, leaving their husbands to talk the night away and drink up all the brandy they could hold.
A brief turn through the drawing room proved that the ladies were finished with the party, and Sarah could retire as well. Too tired to let down her hair, clean her teeth or even wash her face, she collapsed into bed in her chemise. She heard only part of her maid’s grumbling, about a woman in such a condition turning in for the night in the wee hours of the morning, what a time to start the night’s sleep when the day was ready to dawn.
Sarah was dreaming of Jack when Etienne tumbled into bed, in his cups and agitated over something. “Splendid party, Mr. Beauchamp,” she said, stifling a yawn. With difficulty, she sat up in bed, waiting for her husband to touch her arm, always on the exact same spot, while his other hand lifted her nightdress.
She never knew that her old husband was physically capable of picking her up. In an instant, Etienne had taken her in his arms and started to kiss her with a passion that felt more like madness. The gentle touch he usually employed was gone, replaced with a fierce energy that Sarah had once assumed was lost with age. In haste, he pulled off her chemise and pushed her onto her hands and knees, draping his naked body over her back. Sarah could not look; she did not want to see his spindly legs, his paunchy belly, or his sagging flesh.
“You are my wife,” he hissed in her ear. “Mine. Only mine.”
“You know I am,” she said, growing frightened by his loss of control. She shuddered as his lips brushed her neck, hot and wet, as flabby as his muscles.
“Thinks I fuck like an old man,” Etienne went on. “Afraid to hurt you. I’ll pleasure you. Better than him. Be a real husband.”
A night from July played in Sarah’s head, shifting into the evening before, with a French captain becoming Jack and then du Marais again. In the shadowy light before dawn, she pretended that du Marais was her lover, that Jack had come back and they were together in bed. Sarah imagined that she was Mrs. John Ashford; she put herself in the role of mistress to the much admired Armand du Marais, she was in England, she was in Paris.
The man who was panting on her neck, however, was her husband, a fact that intruded rudely into her reverie. It was his sweat that clung to her skin, making her shiver when he finally broke away and sank into the mattress. Etienne embraced her, ran his hand along her belly, and planted a tender peck on her cheek. His breath smelled of alcohol, but he was not as drunk as she had first thought.
“He was right about one thing,” Etienne said. “You are not made of china and I cannot break you.”
“No, you’ll never break me.”
“I apologize for withholding my, that is, I have failed to,” he stammered.
“You have never failed me. Some things, intimate matters, we are only just learning.”
“Most enjoyable lessons, Mrs. Beauchamp.” Within seconds, he was snoring in her ear.




ELEVEN

As soon as Etienne returned from the Jacksonborough Assembly, he hosted a shooting party and left Sarah with an assortment of women to entertain for the next three days. She relied on her mother to handle the greater part of the burden, as the guests were closer to Bèrthe’s age and shared some bonds of long-standing friendship. Sarah knew them, but to her, they were part of the previous generation, the mothers and aunts of her own friends who shared the same dull interests as her mother.
“What a time for a storm,” Sarah grumbled. She stood on the piazza with Bèrthe, watching the garden flash white with every bolt of lightening. There would be no drive in the country, not with this downpour, and the plans for an afternoon picnic were washed out as well. The morning would have to be spent in a desperate search for other entertainments, as soon as she had verified that all was in readiness for breakfast.
“Lt. Col. Balfour was kind enough to inform me that, despite the recent setbacks, the British have no intention of abandoning the King’s subjects,” Bèrthe said. “I told him that he could leave South Carolina and have no fear in that regard.”
“Mama, you grow saucy,” Sarah said, breaking into a smile for the first time in days. “Before they know it, your guests will be evicted. General Greene’s scouts came through this way, foraging.” A gurgle of nausea roiled Sarah’s stomach, “Oh, Mama, I’m so tired.”
The sideboard in the dining room was set for a buffet, so that guests could come down to eat at their leisure and pick at a continuous supply of delicacies that were meant to appeal to a lady’s less hearty appetite. Sarah flopped into a chair, asked for peppermint tea, and closed her eyes so that she could review the parts of Beck’s letter that she had memorized. Names were coded, specific dates made obscure through chatty descriptions, but the news that Beck wished to relay had come through. Praise God, Jack was alive. What happened in July was unclear, but a mistake had been made by either Jack or his captain. Through Beck, Jack expressed his belief that there was still time, but what did a man know of time, of the impossibility of postponing when it was already too late? In the hidden meanings of a long letter, Sarah found that Jack was so unaware that he was putting his faith in a future that he thought must still exist, while she could be dead in a month’s time, joining all the other women who died in childbirth.
Startled by giggling, Sarah sat up and discovered that her guests were not only seated around the table, but were looking at her in the way that matrons patronized brides. “Dreaming of the child,” Anne Gaillard remarked, and a murmur of agreement went around the room.
“You were smiling so sweetly, I couldn’t bring myself to wake you,” Bèrthe said.
“Didn’t we all have these same difficulties?” Anne said. “Young girls with the responsibilities of an adult? And carrying a child to add to the burden. The education that comes from experience, yes?”
A ripple of discomfort pulsed across Sarah’s belly. She grimaced, put her hand on the spot that was cramping, and tried to shift into a more comfortable position. The ripple only moved to her back, as if it were chasing itself around and around her middle.
“And to be mistress of such a great plantation as this,” Bèrthe said. 
“I cannot think of another girl in the Low Country who could have managed as well as you, and seemingly without effort,” Anne said.
The slight ache exploded into a sharp pain, like knives slicing into Sarah’s torso from all sides, a bayonet charge by an unseen army. Unable to breath for a moment, she gasped, her eyes growing wide. Forks clattered to the table; chairs scraped noisily on the floor, and six mothers were on their feet, answering the call that they recognized at once.
“It’s false labor,” Mrs. Motte declared.
Sarah searched her mother’s face for reassurance but found only the history of children stillborn and miscarried. Every crease in Bèrthe’s forehead told of the babies that never drew a single breath, a procession of hopes that were crushed and dreams that ended. “It’s too soon,” Sarah whispered.
Put back to bed, Sarah leaned against the pile of pillows and tried to breath deeply, to remain calm in the face of near panic. Another surge of agonizing pain attacked. Anne began to count, smooth and rhythmic, while the other ladies argued over the onset of premature labor as compared to the false labor of the seventh month. Their high-pitched chattering grated on Sarah’s nerves, the buzzing like a swarm of bees around her head. It was only after the plantation midwife had examined her that anything truly constructive began to take shape in the room and a peaceful quiet descended.
Abaya had delivered more babies in her long life than anyone in Charles Town, and when she said the baby was coming, it was taken as God’s honest truth. All further debate ended abruptly, and the ladies present began to divide up duties as if they had spent their lives rehearsing for this very occasion. With cool efficiency, Anne called for wood, more wood, more wood, until the fire in the bedroom was stoked into a roasting hot conflagration. Blankets were taken from chests and hung before the fire to warm, to eliminate the slightest chill from every single wool fiber. Fresh linens arrived, cutting tools, hot water and basins were demanded and delivered. Without doubt, the time for labor and delivery had come, but Sarah refused to let the birth proceed.
Minutes stretched into hours; the spasms erupted with greater frequency and Anne’s counting grew more urgent. “Five minutes,” she said, but Sarah had no idea what five minutes meant exactly. Five minutes to go? Five minutes passed when it felt like five years? Clenching every muscle in her body, Sarah pleaded with the child, not yet, and the pain began to ease. As quickly as it abated, the stabbing began anew, a little worse than before.
The midwife coaxed a few drops of some wretched elixir into Sarah’s mouth, urged her to drink deeply, but Sarah wanted the labor stopped, not hastened. Eyes closed, she tightened her grip on her mother’s hand, cried with the pain and began to imagine all the horrors that could fall on her head if this delivery took place.
To lose this child was to lose everything, but to give birth would be the same. Etienne would see, and then he would know what Sarah had kept from him all these months. For such a devious act, to fool an unsuspecting man, she might expect to be locked away in this very room forever until she died, cast down in shame, imprisoned and isolated. What of this child, then, would Etienne hide it away in some foundling home? Would he divorce her, would he send her away, send her into exile in St. Augustine like cousin Paul? Her entire body was in agony, her mind alive with fear, and Sarah saw no means of escape.
“You will not give up, Sarah, do not dare to give up,” Bèrthe said. She insisted, she demanded, mother to daughter, she would be obeyed.
“Baby’s stuck, Mrs. Mahon,” Abaya said. “Got to walk, make it fall right out.”
Rain pelted the windows, running in rivulets down the glass to fall to the ground and slide through the garden until it drifted into the Ashley. Weary, Sarah wanted to stand at the window and watch the tree branches dance in the wind, but the clutch of hens that hovered in her room would not leave her in peace. They had her by the arms, wrapped around the waist, pulling and pushing until they steered her from one side of the room to the other. The air was stifling, Sarah’s mouth was as dry as a cotton boll, but still they made her walk.
“You’re a strong girl,” Bèrthe said. “You can do this. There’ll be others to come, baby girl, you can have another baby and the next one will live.”
There would be no others like this child. Sarah wanted, more than anything, to have this baby and not any others. She could not stop its coming, she realized that now, but she could help to set this child free into the world, and if she had to she would sell her jewels and run away, to find sanctuary with Beck or create a new identity and wait for Jack in some anonymous little hovel where no one would know the truth. Her leg moved forward, the other leg followed, and she measured each step that brought her child a little closer to its unknown fate. As if the baby spoke to her, gave her encouragement, Sarah heard an order to push as hard as she could.
Warm hands, soft yet firm, held her thighs while her mother sponged her sweating face and moistened her dry lips. A thousand voices murmured, creating a song that rose and fell with every surge. Push, rest, push, rest; Sarah turned her ear to Abaya’s commands as the midwife’s tone lifted up and then whispered.
“Will you look at that head of hair.” A gentle laugh arose from the region of Sarah’s spread legs.
“That is a true Gaillard,” Anne said. “You have a boy.”
The pain flowed away like the raindrops on the window panes, replaced by a calm that filled her body. Peaking between her knees, she caught a brief glimpse of a slime-coated, scrawny thing that was as red as a Catawba. His horribly misshapen head was plastered with black hair, matted down in greasy strands. While Abaya vigorously rubbed the boy’s skin, and Mama counted fingers and tones, Sarah sank into a cloud of delirious happiness.
“He’ll live,” Abaya said, her expertise recognized by the onlookers. She placed the tightly swaddled newborn in a cradle next to the fire, to be admired by the ladies who had witnessed his birth.
Mary bustled about the room, ordering guests and under-maids about with equal disregard for rank. Freshly bathed, with her hair plaited, Sarah could give in to the exhaustion that weighed heavily on her. She had no more than closed her eyes before her mother was shaking her awake, to drop the newborn into his mother’s arms. In awe at the new life she held, Sarah touched the boy’s cheek with a light hand, as if he would fall to pieces if she was not careful. Bèrthe chattered in the background, unheard, as Sarah made a silent vow. She stroked a wisp of the baby’s hair, amazed at the softness of the fuzzy curl, and promised Jack that his son would follow him down to the sea in the Ashford tradition.
The serenity of the birthing chamber was shattered when Etienne burst in, straight from his hunting camp, splattered with mud. “Twelve hours, you scamp,” he said, cradling the child against his dirty coat. “What you put your mother through. Look at this face, Mrs. Beauchamp. Can you see it? Mrs. Mahon, surely you see it as well.”
Sarah began to tremble. “Is there something wrong with the baby?” she asked.
“He’s the very image of my grandfather,” Etienne went on. “Stèphane Beauchamp. This boy is my grandfather in every way. Except for being a rogue and a scoundrel, young man; you may not emulate your ancestor as thoroughly as that. Stephen. You cry out to be named Stephen Beauchamp.”
The newly named Stephen Beauchamp opened his eyes and let out a howl that could have wakened the dead. Etienne danced around the room, the bawling infant in his arms, and shed a few tears of absolute joy. Sarah did not know if she should laugh or cry.
Not one to be flustered by the unexpected, Etienne returned to his party while Mrs. Mahon took over the household, organizing a nursery when no one was quite ready for a baby’s arrival two months ahead of schedule. The party guests went home and spread the news, so that Sarah was soon welcoming an army of giddy young girls who spoke excitedly of the past season’s balls and love matches and beaux, all the entertainments that were finished for a married woman. There were other callers as well, the more worldly matrons who looked Stephen over and expressed their delight that he was more robust than one might except for a premature infant.
Like the most dutiful of ladies’ maids, Mary kept her ears open to the gossip that was carried from Riverside and spread across the Low Country. Rumors of lascivious conduct on the part of Etienne Beauchamp were debated, with his friends admiring his decency and his detractors railing about his appalling behavior. At the market, it was said that Beauchamp had tried to foist his bastard on an unsuspecting British naval officer, only to have the deal fall through at the last minute, hence the hasty wedding. Sarah laughed along with Mary, agreeing that no better proof of the Low Country’s jealousy of Beauchamp’s success would ever be found. She did not laugh when her father met his grandson, took one look at Stephen’s coal black eyes, and sighed with the sorrow of a man too clever to believe the easy excuse that hid the truth. The necessities of war had made Sarah too comfortable with falsehoods. Her father frowned at her, as if asking her to refute what he could see with his own eyes, but she only smiled sweetly and accepted her father’s blessings.

* * * * *

A respite from duty was the last thing that Jack wanted, but his father made sure that the heir to the Bransmore title was in London during the Christmas holiday season. To prove that a naval lieutenant should be in a wardroom, and not anywhere near a respectable drawing room, Jack made himself as disagreeable as possible to every hostess who was prevailed upon to invite the eligible bachelor to a function where ladies were present. Jack could make himself profoundly disagreeable when he made the effort. He criticized the food and the table settings, found fault with the seasonings and the wine, and then refused to dance with the homeliest females in all of London. One girl after another was paraded before him and he would not waste his breath in speaking to them, taking his pleasure in infuriating a girl’s father and reducing a mother to tears. Let Lord Bransmore try to pair up his son, but before Jack was through, he made sure that no one would consider such a miserable match.
In an attempt to seek the middle ground, Lord Bransmore called a meeting over lunch at White’s, to find something to give Jack in exchange for an engagement. “You’ve been making noises about booking passage to Charles Town,” Bransmore said. “Planning to jump ship, is that it?”
“Indeed not, sir.” Jack paused for a moment, to pursue his quest for drunken oblivion by chugging a glass of whiskey. “Merely seeking a means to best defend His Majesty’s shrinking realm.”
“And as His Majesty intends to hold the port city?”
“My very wish as well. We agree, Farmer George and I.”
“Then you will settle on the marriage I proposed?” Bransmore pushed back from the table, as if his stomach were in turmoil.
“The marriage I proposed, if I may correct you.”
A loud burp from his father was Jack’s answer. Lord Bransmore pointed a knife, as if he meant to stab his son through his unloving heart. “The West Indies it shall be. And see how long Captain Jennings will tolerate your insubordination.”
From the day that Mrs. Powell had made Sarah’s life plain, Jack had considered a similar life, one without love and filled with misery. For what he had done to Sarah, he had to pay, yet as a man and a naval officer, his options were limited. He knew of Jennings’s reputation, one marked by random floggings and absurd discipline that was coupled with a relative incompetence when it came to sailing. Here was the closest thing to a forced marriage that he could ever find, an opportunity to perform an endless act of penance, offering up his suffering in exchange for Sarah’s absolution.
“I could not ask for a better posting, sir,” he said. “I thank you.” 
Cutlery slammed onto the table, rocking the wine carafe that Jack had drained after the whiskey ran out. “Will nothing reach you?” Bransmore thundered. “Will no sense penetrate that skull of yours?”
“You offered me a post, sir, and I am gratefully accepting it.” Jack rose to his feet, raised a glass, and proposed a toast that his father, indeed, the entire room, could not ignore. “To King and country.”
“God damn you,” Bransmore said. 
“He has, sir, I assure you.”
“I shall outlast you, sir. I will have my way.”
“Sending me to sea with Captain Jennings should make that way a smooth path, sir. I presume that such is your intention, to see me dead if I am not wed.”
The dregs of the glass had to suffice to wash down his drunken laughter, his poetic couplet so funny that Jack fell back into his seat. His father’s face burned red, and even that was delightfully humorous, to point out to the old man that he risked apoplexy if he were not more cautious. Instantly, the game grew tiresome and Jack took his leave. Whatever he did, until they could be together again, he would do for Sarah.



TWELVE

Commerce in Charles Town was broken down, with loyalists lacking faith in the word of their partisan clientele, and neither side confidant of future payments on bills of credit that once fueled the local economy. The difficulties in conducting business wore on Etienne, who was determined to build another wing on the house even if there was no money to do so. Like any other wife, Sarah took the brunt of his frustrations as he found fault with every single thing that she did. Matters grew much worse when Madeleine Beauchamp died in her sleep a month after Stephen was born, and Etienne’s temper shrank down to a short nub as he dealt with his grief at the loss of his mother. Every morning, Sarah donned a sweet smile that she wore all day long, never dropping the cheerful mask until Etienne went to sleep in his bed, when she would slip out of the house and take a switch to the crepe myrtle hedge, beating at the clipped branches until she could not swing her arms for exhaustion.
Summer of 1782 would be passed in exile, in part because Charles Town was held by the British and the Beauchamp house on King Street was still occupied. Now openly sympathetic to the rebels, Etienne was essentially barred from a loyalist stronghold, and he fumed at the restrictions that were placed on his movements. Sarah sought openings at every turn, looking to escape from her husband’s tirades. Whenever an opportunity presented, she bundled Stephen into a shawl that she tied around her like the slave women did, and took a long walk to the live oak tree that marked the boundary of Riverside Plantation. From the highest branches, she found shelter and a place to tell Stephen the story of his father and the day the British Navy raided the plantation.

* * * * *

The annual distribution of new clothes to the slaves was delayed, and the delay began with the lack of fabric in the summer and culminated in a madcap flurry of sewing that extended past November and into December. With Stephen crawling around everyone’s feet, Sarah sat with the seamstresses and plied her needle; all hands were needed to get warm shirts to the slaves before they froze to death.
Etienne burst into the sewing room, swept the baby into his arms, and nuzzled the boy’s plump belly. “Great news, my dear family. We shall be going into town tomorrow.”
Since the war began, Sarah had been waiting for this day to come, and it was hard to believe that the British were actually leaving. The war was over, peace treaties signed, and the colonies were an independent nation without a king to rule over them. Even though Stephen would never remember the day, not at nine months of age, Sarah wanted her son to be there on the docks as the lobsterbacks went back the way they had come. “How long will we stay in town, Mr. Beauchamp?” she asked. She could not leave the plantation without making all the necessary arrangements to keep things running in her absence.
“Only for the day,” Etienne said. “I have to examine the house to see if it is even habitable after all these years of British neglect. And I would never think to impose on your father, not on the very day that he is rid of his unwanted guests. What we can take in before nightfall will have to suffice.” 
Early in the morning, the Beauchamps set out, only to find that they were traveling downriver in a veritable flotilla of refugees. Hordes of loyalists were fleeing from South Carolina, people who so loved their king that they could not possibly reside in this newly formed rogue nation. Etienne noted that most of them would rather leave than face the loss of their land, as the partisans confiscated property out of revenge for their homes and farms being confiscated by the loyalists. It was retribution that would clear out the Tories, as the victorious rebels sought to inflict the same financial setbacks that had ruined so many of their families, the winner taking the spoils of war.
In Charles Town, chaos ruled the streets. Carts and horses jammed the roads, furniture and trunks piled everywhere, while redcoats wandered from one place to another with no real destination. In some corners, all was gloom as the defeated made haste to escape, while pockets of joy bubbled up amongst those who had gambled everything on independence and come up a winner. From time to time, a voice would call out a farewell, and Sarah would scan the mob to pick out the face of a friend she would never see again. Girls she had once gossiped with at balls were taking their chatter to England or Jamaica, a consequence of the war that Sarah had never once envisioned. This was not what she had expected when she first made up her mind to help the rebel cause and spy on British officers.
Holding Stephen in her arms, Sarah took a few tentative steps along the shell path that cut through the front garden of the Beauchamp town house. A soldier came out of the front door, carrying a chair, and she gave out a shout of protest. “Mr. Beauchamp, they are not to take that,” she said, startling the baby into tears while Stephen’s nurse ducked behind the mistress’s skirts.
Too young to attend balls at the age of fourteen, Sarah had been allowed to sit at Madeleine Beauchamp’s side and observe, while the old woman held court from the same chair that the redcoat was stealing. Watch, learn, the queen of Charles Town said to the wide-eyed child. See how the ladies do. And when the heir apparent reached her dotage, she would sit in the chair and be a mentor to another young girl who would inherit the crown. Sarah would not be deprived of her rightful place as the leader of Low Country society; she would not lose the seat of power to a plundering soldier.
Etienne picked up on his wife’s outrage and launched into a verbal attack that stopped the thief in mid-stride. “Go on ahead and call on your parents, Mrs. Beauchamp,” he said. “This shall become unpleasant.”
Mr. Gaillard caught up to Sarah as she passed his front gate. General Greene had asked that the local residents remain indoors while the enemy decamped, to avoid further humiliation for the defeated army, but she had no wish to view the spectacle from her relative’s piazza. Sarah picked up the pace, walking double time, to gain a few steps on the troops who were forming up to lead the sad parade to East Bay and the waiting transport ships. The muffled sound of drums reached her ears as she arrived at her father’s back garden, where Sarah found her mother burning every scrap of bedding that had come into contact with English skin.
“Inconvenience? What nonsense,” Bérthe declared when Sarah told her that she could not stay the night. “A time for celebration, baby girl, and your father shall speak to Mr. Beauchamp, don’t you worry. Inconvenience. I was denied a proper wedding night for my daughter, and I shall have it tonight. You’ll stay in the card room as you should have before. What a party we shall have. Our home returned to us, our property restored.”
With Stephen and his nurse Afi in tow, Sarah wandered through the rooms that she once knew down to the smallest detail, but even the still air was not the same. This was not home, nor had it been for a very long time, and she might as well have been a stranger taking unfamiliar lodgings. In need of paint, missing furniture and floor cloths, the house was a depressing sight, like a once grand lady reduced to penury. The baby began to fuss in a way that meant hunger. Sarah made for her old bedroom, only to discover Lord Herson packing his shirts.
“Do you intend to remain indefinitely,” she asked. One last blast of pert cheek could not be entirely contrary to General Greene’s orders, and she would not have resisted the urge, even if it was forbidden.
“Would you consider, perhaps, joining the evacuation?” Herson asked.
Without meeting her eyes, the officer tugged at the leather strap of his case, making a studied effort to look at anything besides Sarah or the little boy who sucked ferociously on her little finger. “Leave now? When my dreams have been realized?” she said.
In a booming voice, Lord Herson called for a footman to port his trunk. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, as if he meant to leave but was held back by an invisible force. “He could be my child. We could all be making our departure together. But no. I had to play the fool to amuse my colleagues. I had more to give you, and I would have. Now I leave, and I have nothing.”
“Perhaps I am too forward to say this,” she demurred, the belle of Charles Towne in her coy posture. She would savor her small triumph. “Your memory, Lord Herson. I shall truly cherish your memory. If you would please excuse me, sir, but my son makes his demands.”
“No, please, it is I who must take my leave and you who are to remain and attend to your maternal duties.” Head down, Herson brushed past, pausing long enough to kiss Stephen’s head and stroke the soft wisps of black hair that curled from under his bonnet. “I shall envy that old man for the rest of my days.”
Afi stripped the bed and bustled about, as if she meant to make camp for the night. On the bare mattress, she laid out the collection of clothes and rattles that she carried in a bundle wherever she went, always prepared for the commonplace spills and leaks. Her small chores accomplished, the nurse stood patiently at Sarah’s side, ready to snatch up her charge as soon as he had filled his belly.
“Go down to the kitchen and tell Philomena that you’ll be dining with the household staff,” Sarah said. “We’ll be fine together, won’t we, little man? We’re going to look at all the big ships out in the harbor, and Afi can eat in peace for once.”
The upper piazza offered a view of the water, where a forest of tall masts bobbed, ships riding at anchor while redcoats and loyalists boarded. “Your papa is out there,” she said. Sarah positioned Stephen so that he faced the bay, presenting him to the departing British. “Your papa, and my heart, leaving together. But he left you behind, my little sailor boy, and you bring me all the joy that can be.”
“That boy will catch a chill,” her father said as he stepped through the open door. “Ah, such sweet music. You can hear their band from here. What is it, exactly, a dirge or a smart march of retreat and defeat?”
“What will happen to us, Papa?”
“I shall grow old. You shall have more children. Your brother will worry your mother to death, and Abby will be the death of me.”
“And Brookfield Hall? Or its ashes, I suppose.”
“What was taken from me has been returned. The levees are falling into ruin and the rice beds are choked with weeds.” Richard took Stephen and held the boy close to his heart. “I’m not alone in being ruined. Misery does indeed love company, and there is no shortage of companions for your old father.”
“But we’re free. We have our own country.”
“Yes, my dear, but what shall we do with it?” Lifting the baby up until they were nose to nose, Richard grinned. “What will you inherit, young man? Anything of value, or utter disaster?”

* * * * *

The insecurity of the time was reflected in Etienne’s outlook, which wavered between optimism and outright gloom. “You could not possibly understand,” he would say when Sarah tried to discuss the state of the economy. She did understand, however, but Etienne looked on her as his pupil, to be lectured and instructed. This was not how Sarah expected married life to be, and she was dismayed to realize that Etienne was proving to be the sort of husband that he once mocked. It was only within the protection of the oak tree’s canopy that she could puzzle out various solutions to their difficulties and formulate arguments in favor of her hypothesis.
Some expenses she did not question, with Stephen’s arrival precipitating a flurry of gift-giving on the part of the deliriously happy father. Etienne released Mary from the remainder of her indenture and then freed her husband Samuel, the plantation’s blacksmith. The housekeeper left the minute her manumission was in her hands, while the cook chose to stay, planning to save up his wages so that he could buy his wife’s freedom from her master. In a generous mood, Etienne also commissioned a stained glass window for St. Michael’s, to replace one that was dismantled when its lead was melted down for shot during the battle for Charles Town.
In early May, the newly installed partisan rector informed Mr. Beauchamp that he would be the first to see the family’s gift, and Etienne gathered up his little family and headed for a day in town. Sarah’s mind was on King Street, where her husband’s town house lay unused, ignored and in dire need of attention before it tumbled into ruin. “Have you perhaps had an opportunity to engage a decorator?” she asked. Etienne had declared the place uninhabitable, but he had yet to lift a finger to make repairs. Smile affixed, Sarah badgered in the most cheerful and pleasant manner that she could adopt while her patience trickled away.
“Decorator? Or did you mean an architect?” Etienne said. He tipped his hat to a passing colleague, quite pleased with himself and all that he had acquired in his life.
“The townhouse, I was referring to.”
“Must complete one project at a time, my dear. You would not understand. Somewhat complex financial matters.”
Afi alternated between carrying Stephen and letting him walk, the latter being his preferred mode of transportation but one that was agonizingly slow. In the church, the nurse hung back as slaves were not allowed in certain areas, while Etienne escorted Sarah and Stephen towards the altar. Before she even saw the window, Sarah was captivated by the rainbows of bright sunlight that shot across the white pews belonging to the parish’s more distinguished members. Stephen found the colors equally intriguing, and tugged mightily at his mother’s hand in a bid to escape and touch the fascinating shapes.
“Forgiveness is our watchword if we are to be united,” Reverend Rook said. “The wounds of our recent battles must be healed, and it is forgiveness that will be the balm.”
“Splendid, sir,” Etienne said, taken aback by the beauty of the fragile work of art. “You have selected the precise Biblical story that fits the lesson to perfection.”
The stained glass glowed like the fires of hell. “He thinks I’m a whore,” Sarah mumbled to herself. “My minister knows what I did.” The edges of her vision went black, with only the golden hair of the fallen woman and the pale feet of Christ holding any color in the center of the arresting images. The identity of the repentant prostitute was unmistakable.
“Seeking forgiveness, the fallen woman was forgiven by our most merciful Lord,” Rook said. “As we shall exculpate all who were once our enemies, as today they are our friends and neighbors.”
“The artist has truly caught Mrs. Beauchamp’s likeness.” Etienne stepped back, transfixed.
“And there is no doubt that he used your face for that of St. Peter,” Rook pointed out.
“Are you surprised, my dear?” Etienne asked. “My commission, therefore, my choice of models. We may have to attend services so that I can see my window more often.”
When Sarah opened her eyes, she found Mrs. Rook staring at her. Like the most awkward of nurses, the minister’s wife patted a cold compress onto Sarah’s forehead, dripping water across her cheeks. In another room, Etienne demanded to know if his wife was well, followed by Dr. Chalmers’s distinctive laugh and booming baritone. Sarah tried to sit up before Mrs. Rook soaked her through.
“Is she well, indeed,” Chalmers said. “Well on the way, eh, Mrs. Beauchamp?”
Stephen had only recently been weaned, yet Sarah did not expect to be pregnant for another month or two, although she had no reason to expect a miraculous delay. She was not sure how to take the doctor’s diagnosis, to be happy or sad. While she wanted very much to give Etienne his own heir, neither did she wish to end her days like so many other girls who married too young. One baby after another, year after year, and Sarah’s body would age rapidly and give out long before Etienne passed away. She wanted to give him a son of his own, but not so soon as this.

* * * * *

Summer was a peripatetic season, as Sarah wandered from the plantation to Church Street and accepted any invitation that came from friends who were residing in the city for the sickly season. From time to time, she would walk to King Street and look up at the shuttered windows, dreaming of what was and what she thought would be, at a time when none of it was going to happen if Etienne continued to drag his feet. The gardeners came from Riverside every week to keep the gardens from being overrun with weeds, but the damage that had been done by British soldiers remained. Etienne was, of course, far too busy these days with civic duties, sitting in endless meetings at State House, while Sarah had her hands full with her own chores.
There were weddings, with the marriage of Kitty Kelly to Paul Gaillard being the highlight of the season, and then Bess Mandeville settled down with Lawrence Rawls in an elaborately decorated house on Tradd Street that had some ladies pea green with envy. Sarah paid no attention to the competition to put on the best show possible that was the hallmark of Charles Town entertaining. All that mattered to her was the fact that her friends were joining her in their roles as married women, to become a part of a social circuit that was in dire need of young blood and fresh air, of idle chatter about pregnancies and babies, rather than the boasting of grandparents. Gradually, the dinners and theatricals and musicals would become enjoyable.
The summer flew by, with Etienne often visiting his other plantations while Sarah ran Riverside with a sharp eye. Gradually, his lectures gave way to compliments as he noticed that she was perfectly capable of managing his business concerns in his absence. She had developed a reputation in town as a formidable woman, someone not to be crossed. To Etienne’s delight, his wife was thought of as an equal to his mother, though superior in intellect and education. Mrs. Beauchamp was the very sort of woman that Etienne championed when he argued that all fathers should educate their daughters with the same rigor that they applied to their sons. By the time that Sarah presented him with another son, Etienne had toned down the constant lecturing and marriage became tolerable, especially when she was on her own and Etienne was miles away.
It was hard to put the past behind her, what with Beck’s continuous stream of letters. After five years away from Charles Town, the thirst for local gossip and news had never diminished, nor had Beck’s pleading. Every few months, she would ask that the Beauchamp family travel to England, her heart breaking with the absence of a beloved friend who was truly a sister. The Powell house, funded by a captain’s pay and prize money, was comfortable and spacious, plenty of room for guests who might like to stay for the summer. While Mr. Powell was doing well financially, Sarah could not say the same for her husband. They were in no position to travel anywhere for the foreseeable future.
Inflation was eating up most of the profit that was earned on rice and indigo. Etienne’s wealth was tied up in land and investments, the new wing on the house was running well over budget, and the house on King Street was still not repaired. Soon, Sarah would have to hire a tutor for Stephen, adding a new expense into her household budget. Maintaining her position was an expensive proposition, and it did not help that she had volunteered to pay for her sister Abby’s launch into society. Whatever money might be left after all that was already earmarked for Etienne’s physicians and potions and tinctures that were meant to hold old age at bay. Throwing good money after bad on that score, Sarah knew, but it was not her place to suggest that the money was better spent on a trip to England than on yet another concoction that would be as useless against impotency as all the others.



THIRTEEN

With the revolution in the American colonies lost, the Royal Navy put many of its officers on half-pay, in dry-dock like the ships that the men once sailed. There were few prospects for active duty, and even fewer for promotion, except for the lucky few with interests. Anthony Powell was given a plum post in the West Indies, and anyone in the Admiralty would have expected something equally prestigious for Lt. Ashford. On that point, Lord Bransmore played another trump card, and Jack remained a lieutenant under the most despised commander in the fleet. A captaincy was waiting for the stubborn son of the Sea Lord, as soon as that son took a suitable wife, or the gentleman could remain a lieutenant until his hair turned grey.
It was not his father’s pressure that drove Jack to despair and into an arranged marriage with Lady Charlotte Campbell. With an abundance of time to think about his situation, he realized that he had no control over his movements. He had to be a captain, with a ship at his command, if he were to have any chance at all to reach South Carolina and steal Sarah away. In the winter of 1785, he wrote to his father and accepted what was necessary to move a step closer to reaching his goal. At once, Jack was given leave and ordered back to London, where he proceeded to organize his wedding party by traveling to the clubs and snagging any old acquaintance who was on hand and available for drinking and gambling. He managed to not see his father until the night before the ceremony was to take place.
Drunk, disheveled, Jack staggered into his father’s library and inquired as to the time he was to be wherever he was supposed to be. “Early? Late? Luncheon? Supper?” he asked.
“Where have you been? You were to arrive a week ago at the latest to meet Lady Charlotte.” Many was the time that Jack had appeared before his father at an ungodly hour, with the old man wrapped in a dressing gown. This time, however, the recalcitrant son would not be facing a birch switch.
“Am I not entitled to celebrate with my friends?” Jack asked. He took a step into the library, but had to catch his balance by grabbing the edge of the door. Right behind him, and just as drunk, Butter Debeurre pushed past Jack and made for the settee, to collapse in an inebriated heap of snorts and snickers.
“The last meal, your lordship, for a condemned man,” Butter said. He waved his arm dramatically, draped a leg over the back of the furniture, and passed out.
“As ordered, sir,” Jack said, knuckling his forehead. “I am present and accounted for. My commission and epaulet, if you please.”
With a wary eye on his son, Bransmore handed over the packet of papers that declared the Right Honorable John Ashford to be a captain in the Royal Navy. The official documents described his posting to anyplace in the Kingdom that was not off the coast of South Carolina, the exact location lost in a blurred haze of alcohol. The captain’s epaulet fell out of the bundle and landed on the floor at Jack’s feet. He nearly tumbled head over heels when he bent down to retrieve the bit of gold braid and fringe.
“You are, of course, fully prepared to complete your end of this bargain,” Bransmore said.
“On my word as a gentleman, I will proceed as ordered,” Jack said.
“And that sponger is here for what reason?”
“Butter’s to be my proxy witness, sir. Proxy for Anthony Powell, captain of His Majesty’s Ship Perseus. Heart of oak, good man. Unavailable for duty. As he is on duty. Sir. Your Lordship.”
Letters written by Lady Charlotte to her betrothed had been tossed overboard, unread, and never had Jack bothered to reply. What excuse had his father been forced to concoct in the face of such absolute silence? As far as Jack was concerned, there was no need for a proper courtship, not when this was nothing more than a merger as agreed between two business entities. What did he care about the woman when all that mattered was his promotion? Ambition required him to go through hell or Lady Charlotte to advance.
After little sleep, a freshly shaven and slightly inebriated groom climbed into the Bransmore carriage, to squeeze in between his brothers so that Butter could enjoy the pleasure of His Lordship’s close company. Lawrence, the third-born and thus the one to be a minister in the Admiralty, snorted with disgust at his brother’s behavior, while Joseph sulked. Jack’s rebellion had been the youngest Ashford’s inspiration to refuse their father’s demands that the last of the lot take Holy Orders. Now Jack was defeated, marched in disgrace like a conquered slave, and Joseph feared that his own battle was about to end in defeat.
Lord Drummond’s town house was lit up like a bonfire, candles in every room. Jack and Butter tumbled into chairs upon arriving in the drawing room, eliciting a chorus of horrified gasps from the cluster of female relations who anxiously awaited the bride. The minister took his place under the bright glow of a polished chandelier, ready to begin. Jack touched a kiss to his epaulet, stood unsteadily, and tugged at his coat in a half-hearted attempt to become presentable. The drawing room doors were thrown open with comic opera grandeur, eliciting a snort and a belch from Butter.
“For the love of God, sir, is this the best you could find?” Jack shouted.
Lady Charlotte, a petite pile of bones and elaborate hair, stopped in her tracks, a smile quivering in confusion. Her long face melded into a short neck; her lack of a defined chin gave her the overall appearance of a stick. The watery blue eyes had the dull sheen of the uneducated, a woman with no opinions and little intellect. Jack clasped his hands behind his back, the captain waiting eagerly for his enemy to come into range so that he could rake the main deck with grapeshot. Sighing with impatience, he paid so little attention to the ceremony that the bishop had to tell him, more than once, to kiss the bride. Jack did as he was told, the most perfunctory of chaste kisses, and then he wiped his mouth on his sleeve.
It was the union of two great families, two great fortunes, but Jack ignored the well-wishers at the wedding breakfast that followed. He drank his meal, enjoying the wine and ignoring Lady Charlotte completely. When Joseph lifted a glass to his brother, in appreciation for a rebellion that continued on another battle field, Jack rose to his feet and offered the King’s health, and a health to His Excellency General Washington.
“Beautiful, is she not?” he said to Joseph, displaying Sarah’s miniature. “She is the only woman I shall ever love. She was forced to marry an elderly man when we were about to be wed. He shall be dead soon, if fortune favors me, and then I will put Charlotte aside.”
“I don’t understand,” Charlotte said, her voice as weak as her presence.
“My advice to you, madam, is that you do not come to care for me. It will be to your regret,” Jack said. “My captaincy came with baggage, which I shall off load as soon as possible. That’s all, really. Do you understand anything? Anything at all?”
On the way to the house that Lord Bransmore had rented for the newlyweds, Lady Charlotte made an attempt at conversation, detailing a list of social engagements that she hoped her husband would consider adding to their calendar. His mind in Charles Town, Jack held Sarah’s portrait in his hand and focused on the night that filled him with shame. “I’m sorry, Sarah,” he said to the image. “One day I shall come back. You understand, you of all people will surely understand that some things cannot be helped. We, neither of us, would willingly choose what we are forced to do.”
“Is she an actress?” Charlotte asked.
Slowly, Jack slipped the portrait back into the pocket that sat over his heart. He took Charlotte’s head between his hands, squeezing as if he meant to crush her skull like a walnut. “Never, ever mention her. You are so far beneath her that you are not fit to empty her pisspot. This head of yours is completely empty.”
Ignoring the questioning frown of his valet, Jack dressed for an evening out, pausing at intervals to check the time. After thirty minutes, he strode to Lady Charlotte’s door and entered her room without knocking, to find his bride in bed and her maid arranging the lady’s hair as if an artist were about to take her likeness. “You are to pack Her Ladyship’s effects and be prepared to leave in the morning,” he said to the perplexed maid.
His bride was nervous, fidgeting with the sheets as if her hands were newly discovered appendages. “Are we going somewhere?” Charlotte asked, picking at a loose thread on the coverlet.
“I am posted to Port Royal,” he said. “You sail for Jamaica tomorrow.”
“Port Royal?” Charlotte asked.
“In Jamaica, madam. Should I have you consult a map? No, you are incapable of reading one. A post chaise will ferry you from London to Portsmouth. From there, you will board the Aurelia and when the ship arrives in Port Royal, Jamaica, you will disembark. And then you can go to the devil for all I care.” His part of the bargain complete, all appearances maintaining the appropriate facade, the freshly commissioned captain set off for Alcock’s to drink away the remainder of his leave, closing the door on Lady Charlotte’s flabbergasted silence.

* * * * *

The back issues of the Gazette were full of rather overblown tales of naval derring-do. Jack browsed through the stack in the Kingston bookshop, picking up on familiar names. He was mentioned frequently, the bold captain who had amassed a small fortune in prize money from captured French ships. In less than a year, Jack had demonstrated a talent for bravery, a leader who did not hang back in the safety of his cabin but who actively participated in raids. Jack Ashford was often found at the head of boarding parties; he personally reconnoitered the fleet lying at anchor off Barbados. Bold at sea, the Gazette proclaimed, and bold on land.
Jack sorted through the papers, selecting every one that carried his name or an article about Tony Powell. He put the stack on top of the books that had arrived from London, dealing with rice cultivation, cotton farming and grain production. The next several months would be spent in studying, and as little time as possible would be spent on shore.
“Can you ship a package to South Carolina?” he asked the book seller.
“There is nothing that is not shipped to Charles Town, sir,” the proud owner declared. He boasted of a wide clientele in the wealthy port city, and assured the captain that any and all parcels would arrive intact, of that the captain could be assured.
Jack took the quill and paper that were offered, thought carefully, and then dipped the pen. “At the request of Mrs. Anthony Powell,” he lied. “Please find various news articles which she believes you may find of interest.”
Until the last possible minute, he had ignored a summons from the Port Admiral, but the onerous task had to be met. With his collection of agricultural manuals under his arm and his hat held across his chest, he entered the gentleman’s office and bowed to Admiral Musgrave, only to be suddenly inundated with an outpouring of condolences.
“I don’t understand why it was impossible to find you,” Musgrave said. “Did you never ask for your correspondence when you made port? Not even one letter?”
One or one thousand, it made no difference. Jack refused to participate in any social circle except for the tiny group formed by Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Powell. Any pleas that emanated from Port Royal were from a stranger who meant nothing to him, some woman whose bills he paid with the same care that he paid for his ship’s stores.
“From the moment she arrived, I saw that she was not a particularly robust specimen,” Musgrave continued. “Too weak for the tropical climate, in my opinion, and I am sorry to say I was proved correct. Her passing was peaceful, from what I was told by her physician.”
“If there are any outstanding expenses, sir, I shall of course see to them,” Jack said.
“I asked for a delay in the hope that you might arrive, but after a day, what with the heat, we were forced to proceed.”
“Duty takes precedence over all, sir.” The Admiral lifted an eyebrow, as if puzzled by an excessively cold demeanor. Better to appear cold than to reveal the joy and relief that had Jack hugging his books closer to his chest, as if he was pulling Sarah a little closer to him. “I am most grateful for your kind assistance in my absence. The gravesite suited her station?”
“You will need to know the location, I presume, to visit?” 
“When time permits. Some other day, perhaps.”

* * * * *

In spite of economic downturns, Riverside Plantation and all of Etienne’s myriad enterprises were thriving. Such wealth afforded Sarah the luxury of sending her sister out into society with a lavish ball on New Year’s Day in 1787. Mr. Mahon was in no position to host anything quite so spectacular, and he had little hope of recovering from the financial losses of the war. He sold Brookfield Hall to Etienne, to keep the land in the family, but he was desperate for ready cash so that he could afford a quality American education for his son. There would be no English schooling for Robert Mahon, unlike the rest of the rice planting aristocracy, for the barrister had turned his back on London and their class-based privileges and their so-called gentlemen.
After Abby went to Newport with Aunt Mahon to cut a swath through the swains of northern society, Sarah was particularly lonely, with Etienne in Philadelphia and his return postponed until early June. They were going to open up the house on King Street, but Etienne was adamant that they do so together, and Sarah was left at Riverside to wait for her husband while her friends had their parties in town without her.
The first reports of fever drifted down the Ashley, and still Etienne had not arrived. Defying his orders, Sarah sent the boys to her father’s house, preferring to risk her husband’s wrath than risk the health of her sons. When Riverside was touched by sickness, she was almost happy because it proved that she had done the right thing, and Etienne could have no cause to upbraid her. Her days and nights were filled with nursing, running from one cabin to the next with the potions that the apothecaries prescribed. To find a minute to sit on the piazza and read her correspondence was a rare treat, but the night came when she was too exhausted to keep moving and it was impossible to get up from the chair, as if the letters were heavy boulders.
She put her feet up on a stool and leaned back against a cushion, the collection of clippings arrayed in her lap. It was so like Beck to share bits of news from any and all sources, culling articles or copying out poems that she shared with Sarah as if they were near neighbors and not separated by an ocean. The baby in her belly rolled restlessly under her skin, promising an unquiet night. Sarah put the newsprint aside and focused her tired eyes on a letter that Beck had posted at Christmas.
“So he’s married,” Sarah sighed. The words were sharp blows, beating at her heart until she was nothing but sorrow wrapped up in fine English cotton. Again the baby kicked, reminding its mother that there was a spark of bright light in a black world. “Whatever else was he going to do? How long could any man be expected to wait?”
Bone-tired, Sarah stumbled up the stairs to her bed, knowing that she would have as little sleep that night as she had the night before, tending to the fever victims. She stretched out her arms to feel the empty space and embrace the solitude. The big house, the room, the bed, the sheets and all were hers alone for one night, but her eyes would not stay open long enough to savor the moment.
“Jack, I’m here,” she called out. He was nearby, as near as the river, his voice strong as he shouted her name.
With difficulty, Sarah got out of bed, her joints protesting at the slightest movement. Her night dress was damp with sweat but she was freezing cold, shivering in the slight breeze that stirred the heavy draperies. As she struggled to find the sleeve of her dressing gown, she heard Jack again, as if his voice was beating against the current of the Ashley.
The air in the corridor was stifling and stale, the floorboards like hot coals that singed the bottoms of her bare feet as she made her way to the morning room. The finches stirred in the aviary when she told them that Jack had come back, and who would feed the beautiful little songbirds in her absence?
“An order of manumission has been issued,” she told the sleeping birds. Even though the door of their cage was opened, the foolish creatures remained huddled on their perches. Sarah pushed aside the window drapes and quietly opened the doors, to show them where they could find freedom. “Go on now. You’re free. You’re set free.”
The finches were not under her control after all, and she left them to find their own way. Did they not understand what she had said? Sarah walked through the open door, to demonstrate what she meant. Past the door, along the dry grass where the sheep grazed, she walked on until she felt the cool soil of the flower gardens between her toes. From the garden to the riverbank, she followed Jack’s voice as he spoke her name, sang her name, made the rustle of leaves her name. The splash of the water against the bank was her name, Jack calling for her to come with him, but the green scrub and tangles of Spanish moss hid what was just beyond the bend of the river where Jack was looking for her.
How cool the water was, so pure and sweet, and Sarah was a fish and she was a mermaid and she was the baby in her womb protected by water. One of the Singleton boys was with her, but he was an alligator with a wide smile who wanted to give her a ride. He had a boat, he said as he returned to his old shape, and he had her supplies. “Beck’s waiting for me,” she told him, thinking that he could probably row her across the Atlantic.
So very kind, the Singleton boys, three brothers, they would take her where she should go, and someone would take care of her. All will be well, Miss Sarah, they murmured in a discordant chorus. “The frigate is in the bay,” Sarah said. If they would get her that far, then Jack would find her on his ship and he would not have to look for her anymore. The three brothers knew exactly where the bay was and she did not have to give them directions. Tired from her travels, Sarah closed her eyes and let the Ashley rock her to sleep on the Singleton’s barge.
The frigate pitched on the waves, a hurricane was blowing and the ship was going to keel over. Her body ached all over, as if she had been tossed to the deck from the top of the main mast, and her middle wrenched into knotted agony. Sarah screamed for her mother, to tell her that the British were bombarding the whole of East Bay and the shot was sure to reach Church Street. They had to flee to the country, all haste, and leave the pewter behind, Mama, it does not signify.
An explosion rocked the house. Sarah cried for her mother, hurry, please hurry, Papa says hurry. Please Mama, please hurry. As quickly as it had started, the noise stopped. Only a quiet murmuring filled her ears, odd echoes of familiar voices from another age. She opened her eyes, but she was not at home. This was a room at Riverside, but not her powder-blue room with the mosquito netting that was gathered into a rose knot over her head. Sarah began to shiver and a blanket drifted through the air, to lay itself across her body. Her eyelids swept the dust from her eyes, dust that felt like sharp grains of sand. Bérthe was there at her side.
“Hush now, baby girl,” she said. She rested a cool cloth on Sarah’s forehead. “All those bad dreams are gone away.”
Dr. Chalmers stood behind her mother, but he was part of her, like a tree with a split trunk. “I did all that I could, Mrs. Beauchamp,” he said. “You were wise to send the children away. Rest assured that I shall inform Mr. Beauchamp of the same.”
Her vision beginning to clear, Sarah lifted her arm but it was incredibly heavy. Before she could touch her belly, Bérthe pulled her daughter’s arm back to her side and tucked up the sheets like swaddling clothes.
“Your father named her Bèrthelette,” she said. “She is sleeping at her Grandmother Beauchamp’s side now, Sarah, but God will give you another.”
Somewhere in the back of her mind, Sarah recalled that Mary Gilhooly had a daughter, but she was named Grace. Did the Papists change the names of infants when they died? Poor Mary must be devastated, to have lost her only child, the one who went to the boarding school in Charles Town that Sarah supported, where Grace passed for white because she favored her mother.
“Those boys have been skylarking on the docks since the day they arrived,” Bérthe said. “You can imagine what Mr. Beauchamp had to say about that when he came ashore.”
With every sentence that her mother uttered, Sarah’s head cleared as if the clouds were parting and the sun was breaking through. The main character in the saga was Etienne, annoyed to discover his sons running amok, and wasn’t he upset over his presumption that his disobedient wife had gone and taken up residence in their freshly repaired house without waiting for him. He would not tolerate it, he spluttered in the drawing room on Church Street, and how his face fell when Mr. Mahon explained.
“How long have I been sick?” Sarah asked.
“Dr. Chalmers believes that you actually did yourself some good when you fell into the river. Probably broke the fever.” Bérthe carried on, talking circles around the question.
A rap at the door was followed by Etienne’s hesitant entrance, which signaled Bérthe’s exit. As if he were about to sit next to a lion, Etienne slipped into the chair and leaned over the bed, to give Sarah a tentative peck on the forehead. A tear beaded on a crease in his cheek, and soon a steady trickle began to run. “Forgive me. I never thought, my dearest, I cannot forgive myself,” he babbled through lips that trembled with sorrow. “We lost our baby, but I still have you.”
As if a flood gate burst, Sarah collapsed into an outpouring of grief that emptied her. Etienne wanted to give her something, to beg her indulgence, but all she wanted was her baby, the bright light that had been extinguished. He promised to give her another, a girl to be spoiled and pampered and petted like no other, but Sarah recognized the emptiness of the promise. Etienne was hardly likely to father another child, for even the famed Dr. Rush in Philadelphia had no cure for impotence and miracles did not repeat. Sarah’s world turned dark as night, black, devoid of hope.



FOURTEEN

Young men had been sent to England for their education since the first settlers arrived in South Carolina, and Etienne would do no less for his sons. Hoping to lift Sarah’s spirits, he suggested that they all travel overseas to examine the different schools that were suitable for members of the Low Country aristocracy, but Sarah dreaded such a trip until she heard from Beck. Emotions ran from sorrow to profound joy as Sarah dealt with the news that Jack’s wife had died, for it was outrageous to be glad that someone had passed away, but how could she not rejoice? Marvelous that Jack was free, but Sarah could not imagine a life without Etienne, who had been remarkably thoughtful and kind for the past two years.
Ever since the stillbirth, Etienne shifted his tone and lost his dictatorial air, instead regarding Sarah as his equal partner. As if he recognized the error of his former ways, he trusted her to do what she thought was best for the boys. She was allowed to choose her own clothes, although she asked for his opinion because it made him so happy to be consulted. He took to boasting of her remarkable competence, of her keen insight into trade and commerce, and he relished the jealousy of his colleagues whose wives were accomplished at little more than spending money recklessly. Sarah reigned supreme, the queen of Low Country society, and when the family set sail for England in the spring of 1789, she traveled as one of the most successful representatives that South Carolina had produced. At long last, she was reaping the rewards of her many years of hard work.
Grey skies followed them from Charles Town to Portsmouth, a dreary aspect that was in direct contrast to Sarah’s elation. Etienne packed wife and children into a rented carriage and then set off for a trade conference in Paris. For the next six weeks, Sarah would be with Beck and their children would be together, as if their childhood vows were coming to pass in some slightly modified form. Before the trip was over, Sarah had every intention of settling her sons in the same school that Beck’s son Edmund would attend, and then she would be satisfied that something she once wanted was going to become reality after all.
The British roads were every bit as bad as South Carolina’s rutted paths, jostling the coach while the boys careened from one side to the other, in awe of their new surroundings. Sarah studied the countryside, pleased with the lush colors of tidy fields and wild forests, but she was less than happy with the cold. The rice and silver napkin rings she had brought from home seemed like impractical gifts, when a warm wool shawl would surely be more useful to Beck. Wishing that she had another shawl herself, Sarah tugged her redingote around her neck, while Naomi and Afi wrapped their shawls up to their ears.
The door of the carriage was only half opened when Sarah rushed out, to fall into Beck’s arms amid showers of tears. No one else existed for the two women at that moment, not Mr. Powell or the children hiding behind his legs or the infant in the nurse’s arms. Beck and Sarah shared a handkerchief, alternately dabbing eyes until they did not know who owned the soggy linen square. They embraced, they gazed at each other, and they fell to sobbing again.
Lined up in opposition, the children eyed one another, as if aliens from another world had invaded their sanctuary. Sarah collected herself and greeted Mr. Powell, noting that his hair was still sun bleached and his skin a shade of russet, unchanged in nine years. He presented his brood of Mariah, Edmund and Jerome, the infant who was whisked into Sarah’s arms immediately and deluged with cuddles and coos.
“These are my boys, of whom you have heard all there is to tell,” she said.
A puzzled expression flashed across Tony’s face, only for an instant, before he welcomed his young guests and set them off to discover the pleasures of his small holding. The nurse retrieved Jerome, squirming and squawking over the tumult, while Beck’s housekeeper did a passable job of not gawking at the colorful silk turbans that Naomi and Afi were allowed to wear in place of staid white mobcaps.
The adults drank tea, to give Sarah a few minutes to recover from the long voyage, and to catch up on nine years of gossip that surely bored Mr. Powell half to death. He only perked up when Sarah mentioned that what he knew as Charles Town had somehow been shortened to Charleston, as if the writing of a few extra letters was too much trouble for the inhabitants. The poor man’s eyes glazed over when she gave Beck the full history of the former Sturbridge home on Church Street, describing who had bought it and what had been done to the garden to spoil the aspect from the piazza. Patiently, Tony sat back and listened as his wife related nine years worth of living in a strange land where people did not know how to cook rice properly. 
“Stephen is not as I had pictured him,” Tony said as soon as he found an opening. “In fact, he puts me in mind of my own childhood, oddly enough. Reminded me of my school days.”
“Mr. Beauchamp is keen to examine suitable schools,” Sarah said. “Your recommendations will be highly respected and I hope that you will speak freely.”
Tony leaned forward, resting his elbows on his legs so that he could cover his face with his hands. He exhaled as if exhausted, sat up, and clasped his fingers as if he were deep in prayer. “My eyes do not deceive me,” he said. “Yet what I see, cannot be so.”
The implication caught Sarah off guard. She turned to Beck, who shook her head in denial. The secrets that had been shared between them had remained secrets, never revealed to another soul. What Etienne could not see, or was unable to notice, was the very thing that Tony had recognized immediately. To recover, Sarah could lie, but she was too afraid of getting tangled in a confusing web of stories and excuses that would trip her up and make things worse. She could change the subject, but she knew Tony well enough to believe that he would simply return to his question, again and again, until he received a satisfactory answer. For a brief moment, Sarah wished that she had never come to England, that she had kept everything well hidden on the far side of the Atlantic.
“You see his father’s son, Mr. Powell,” Sarah said, the lawyer’s daughter employing a lawyer’s rhetoric.
“Then the story as told to me was lacking its proper conclusion,” Tony said.
“I have no idea what you heard, sir. I do ask that you disregard the past, and focus on the present.”
“My dear Mrs. Beauchamp, the past is very much present in my home.”
“There is no debate as to his father,” Beck said. “Nor is there any doubt as to the innocence of his mother.”
“How could you fail to say anything to me?” Tony rounded on his wife. “Or did you not trust me to safeguard this unfortunate event?”
“Perhaps I should push on to London,” Sarah offered. Coming to England had been a mistake, a complete and horrible mistake.
“You may count on my discretion, Mrs. Beauchamp,” Tony said. “Mrs. Powell should have trusted me as well, but, as we are apart more than we are together, I expect that some difficulties will arise and be dealt with while I am at sea, and forgotten by the time I return home. Nor do I question your innocence, or the guilt of the other party.”
The happy shouts of children at play drifted through the open windows, filling the drawing room with a pleasant distraction. Drawn to the sounds of laughter, Tony leaned on the sill and watched the mêlée, while Beck reached over and gave Sarah’s hand a squeeze of absolute support. The matter was gone like smoke up the chimney. Tony knew, as he should, and that was the end of it.
“He must meet him.” Tony spun around, his face an image of determination that roiled Sarah’s stomach. “It is wrong to keep them apart.”
The suggestion was impossible. After nine years, Jack was all but a stranger to Sarah, nothing more than a name in a news article about the Royal Navy. More than that, Jack was not Stephen’s father, not in the eyes of the world. As far as Sarah was concerned, Ashford had no more interest in her son than he had in the Powell brood, linked only by friendship but nothing more. If, however, Jack were to see things differently, the carefully crafted fiction that Sarah maintained would be brought down around her head.
“A pending disaster, Mr. Powell,” Beck said. “He has become wholly unpredictable over the years. Very rash in his judgment.”
“Did you know that, Mrs. Beauchamp?” Tony asked. “How he’s changed since his time in the colonies?”
“We have all changed, sir,” Sarah countered.
“His men call him ‘Black Jack’ Ashford. Not because his skin is tanned,” Tony said. “His heart is as black as the devil’s, pitiless and vindictive. Generous to his crew, he is that, and they love him for it. But he cares not if he lives or dies. He seeks out danger, laughs at it. Mad? Yes, I believe he is descending into a black hole of madness.”
Better that Jack fall than the Beauchamp name be blighted. He was the one who had failed to see the gravity of the situation all those years ago. He was the one who thought that he could stall and put off until it suited him to return. Sarah paid the price of their risky venture, and Jack could share his part of the burden for a change.
“You can save him,” Tony continued. Sarah turned her head away, to avoid the pleading that pricked her heart. “Give him something to live for.” 
“He cannot take my child,” Sarah said. “Stephen can never know. And in the end, Mr. Powell, what good will come of it?”
“The good will be a renewal of hope, that one day he might find his place,” Tony said, dancing around Etienne’s mortality. The unavoidable hovered over the room like a cloud, a nearly invisible vapor that chilled. “It is my intention to send for him and ask that he call on us.”
He was not asking his wife; Tony was focused entirely on Sarah. Growing increasingly nervous, she glanced at Beck for a sign, for help, for the words that would shunt the past back into its dark closet.
“Mr. Powell, this may become a most uncomfortable situation,” Beck said. “Are these the ghosts that one would wish to resurrect?”
“Will you help him?” Tony persisted. “If you still have the tiniest spark remaining.”
Unable to endure another minute of pressure, Sarah rose to leave the room. “Send for him, then,” she said. “Let him meet my son.”
“I shall ask him to call on us,” Tony said. “Whatever you wish to say, how you would like best to break the news, is entirely up to your wisdom and discretion.”
“Sarah, no, if you truly do not wish it,” Beck said.
Her hand on the doorknob, Sarah paused. “Oh, Beck. You don’t know how I have missed him.”

* * * * *

One minute, Jack had been thoroughly engrossed in the copper sheeting that was being affixed to the hull of his ship, and then a message from Tony fueled a rampage. The whole navy yard bore witness to a wild flurry of packing and parting instructions, in yet another example of His Lordship’s erratic moods. For Jack, it was a call from heaven, requesting his presence with an angel for as long as time and Beauchamp’s schedule allowed. One letter propelled him, when countless letters over the years from Lawrence Ashford went unanswered. Jack had not cared at all about his brother’s wedding and he was too preoccupied with duty to attend. He cared even less about his father’s passing and he flat-out ignored a summons to attend the memorial service. Jack cared only about Sarah, and he would swim every ocean to get to her when she called.
Dusty and rumpled, Jack was shown into the empty drawing room of Sailor’s Rest, the welcoming home of the Powell family. Children’s voices filtered through the open windows, as if sirens were calling him to peek behind the draperies and get a first glimpse of all that he had ever wished for himself. Mariah was in the middle of the garden with a thick switch in her hand, ready to do battle with some unseen invader. A boy, a stranger, dashed out, with little Edmund at his side. Flashing behind them was a cloud of white muslin, sashed with the summer sky, laughing with all the joy that Jack was sorely missing.
Age had not touched her, yet Sarah had changed. How was it possible that she could be more beautiful than she had been when he first set eyes on her? Her figure was perfect, her face somewhat sharpened around the edges, without the childish fullness he remembered. Her smile and laugh brought him back to Charles Town, to a card game in a scorching hot room. For an instant, Jack was the love-struck lieutenant on a tour of duty, and not the heartsick captain who should have attended his father’s funeral three weeks ago.
As quickly as the party entered the scene they made their exit, the restless play of children who could not be still long enough to be captured in a painting or fixed in the mind’s eye. For a moment, Jack’s head bubbled with ideas, but as quickly as Sarah vanished, so too did his plans. He was not certain if he had really seen her, or had only been the victim of a mirage. When he rubbed his eyes and looked again, he saw that the garden was empty and the once loud noises were nothing but indistinct echoes.

* * * * *

Grace O’Malley, the pirate queen, had made her escape with the help of her American ally, the noble Captain Stephen. Sarah was on a mission, sent by Captain Edmund, to reconnoiter the routes of possible escape before the pirate eluded capture. Expecting to find Mariah, in the guise of a pirate, hiding under a table in the drawing room, Sarah dashed in and was stopped in her tracks by the haunted face of Jack Ashford.
An upholstered chair stood between them, becoming the wall of her fortress. With her knuckles growing white, Sarah dug her nails into the striped silk, clutching the carved wooden frame with all her strength. “Mr. Ashford,” she said.
“So formal, Sarah?” 
“You’ve come, then.”
“My father died this past summer.”
“My sympathies on your loss.”
Jack took a step towards her and paused. He had gone gray at the temples, she noticed, a few wisps that betrayed the passage of years. He took another step and Sarah’s knees began to tremble.
“That night, why did you meet du Marais in the woods?” he asked. 
“You were there?” The trembling moved up her legs, into her arms and hands, until her body was quaking. 
“Why, Sarah?”
“Are you so blind?” she asked. “Oh, Jack, are you truly so blind?” 
With one foot, he kicked the chair aside, breeching the barrier that separated Sarah from the past. His arms were powerful, holding her to him while he kissed her as she had not been kissed since a long ago July night. It was still there inside her, the desire, the yearning, and the passion spoke as she returned his kiss.
“Why didn’t you wait for me?” he asked.
The words were explosive, shattering the peace. “Why didn’t I wait for you?” she said, her voice a sharp-edged sword. “Why didn’t I wait?”
Sarah pulled away so suddenly that Jack teetered forward, stumbling over his feet as she grabbed his arm and dragged him out of the house. His shoes kicked at the gravel of the carriage path as Sarah propelled him, allowing no time to regain balance because an answer was required as swiftly as possible. Her voice held an angry tone as she shouted out for Stephen, sounding more like one of the slaves than the mistress of fifty thousand acres.
“Mama, now Mariah knows where I am,” Stephen whined.
“I must introduce you to Captain Powell’s friend,” Sarah said. She composed herself before continuing, becoming the mother who was familiar to the child, as if all were normal. After brushing the stray curls out of Stephen’s eyes, she held his shoulders, put him in front of her, and fixed her gaze on Jack. “May I present Stephen Beauchamp, my first born. Stephen, this is Captain Ashford, who wished so to meet you.”
A frown, a look of complete puzzlement, changed in an instant to a gaze of pure amazement. Jack went down on one knee, to be closer to the little boy who was possessed of thick black curls and eyes like jet beads. A flash of pain crossed Jack’s face; the dawn of realization rested on his brow. Sarah could not maintain the facade for another minute. She stormed off, kicking at the stones and brushing past Mr. Powell as if he were not standing there, observing from the doorway.
“Is there hope that you might become a sailor some day?” Jack asked. So perfectly formed, this child, so handsome that Jack ached for all that he had tossed away without a thought. He touched Stephen’s shoulder lightly, afraid to crush the thin bones under the dirty linen shirt.
“I am a sailor, sir,” Stephen said. “Mr. Briggs on Papa’s ship declared me an able seaman.”
“My ship is in need of capable midshipman, should you care to seek a higher position,” Jack said.
“Thank you sir, but I would like to join the United States Navy. I’m not British, sir.”
The miserable truth was summed up neatly by a small child. All that had value to a man had been thrown overboard because Jack had waited nine years to ask Sarah what she was doing in a South Carolina wood. Before he could even think about his next move, Mariah’s shout of victory brought the world back to the foreground and put an end to the meeting. “Back to the sea with you, Stephen, and let us have another visit when you come ashore,” Jack said.
A deflated man shuffled across the lawn to the house, where Tony was waiting. There was a story to be finished; a tale that had been started needed the final chapter dictated. The detail of the July night would be filled in where the blanks had been placed so that Tony could make a judgment on facts rather than a fiction. Conduct unbecoming to a gentleman could be the only conclusion, and with that, Jack would be sent away into exile and lose his last link to a last hope.
The mood at dinner was crafted entirely by Sarah, an atmosphere of pleasant companionship that was balanced on a thin blade of awkward tension. A topic was tendered with caution, and then discussed until a suitable tangent arose for exploration. Jack began to feel at ease and took the liberty of nudging Sarah’s foot under the table. She pulled away so swiftly that she lost her shoe.
After dinner there was music and more chatter, all of it inane and safe. Facades were presented, appropriate faces for the occasion, but Jack saw behind Tony’s mask. His old friend was torn between revulsion and pity, on the verge of apologizing to Mrs. Powell for his insistence that Jack Ashford be made welcome. Sarah was unreadable, her mouth never once turning down in sadness. Obtaining Tony’s forgiveness was all well and good, important to Jack, but Sarah’s opinion was truly the only one that mattered.
The house was utterly silent after everyone had retired. Jack crept out of his room and down the corridor to the boys’ room, where he slipped in and stood at the side of the bed to watch his son sleep. His son, who he could never acknowledge as his son, was within reach yet as far away as if Stephen were still in Charleston. The pain grew unbearable and Jack left as quietly as he came, continuing his journey to another door.
Sarah closed the book she had been reading when Jack walked in, without knocking out of fear that she would not answer. She did not appear to be surprised to see him, as if she expected this visit. Jack shuffled across the room while she sat in the chair near the window, the candle flame casting her face in shadows that revealed a weary soul underneath. Falling to his knees, he clutched at her waist, his head buried in the soft folds of her dressing gown that smelled of roses and verbena.
“Forgive me,” he said. Tears poured from his eyes; all of his sorrow spilled out, to be collected in Sarah’s lap like a shower of precious jewels. He sobbed for the pain he had inflicted on the woman he loved, and he grieved for all that was lost to him. For a long time, he wept without restraint while Sarah sat as rigid as a marble sculpture. “I beg of you, forgive me.”



FIFTEEN


Three weeks of bliss, days of joy and nights of pure happiness: Sarah reviewed every minute of her brief spell in paradise. She was not surprised that Etienne intruded, to curtail her sojourn in a fantasy world with his incessant demands. Come at once, he had written, the laundress is incompetent, the cook worthless. The correspondence and drafts and notes were piling up, undone by a clerk who was too slow with a quill. Come at once, Etienne commanded, because he wanted her wisdom and her counsel and her capable management. He could not function without her and trusted no one else to examine the trade proposals and find the snags that the French had inserted to gain control over American goods. To her husband, she was as much a part of the trade delegation as he was.
The mud-splattered carriage rocked on bad roads while Sarah chatted amiably with a pair of naval officers who happened to be on their way to Paris and took it as their special duty to see her safely delivered. Out of consideration, she did not flinch when the fetid stench of Paris’s filthy streets filled the carriage, streets that ran on seemingly forever, bordered on either side by squalor and poverty. Charleston shrank into the provincial backwater that it was, while Paris grew into a glittering spectacle that was lapped by the Seine, huge and swarming and stinking.
“My dear,” Etienne said as he embraced her at the door of their rented house. “I see the signs of a rough Channel crossing in your eyes. Please, rest later. We have much to do that cannot wait.”
Not the rough crossing but gnawing guilt colored Sarah’s cheeks, three weeks of guilt that had to be paid back in full. She left Naomi to unpack and went straight to work, not even taking a minute to look around the place that would be home for the next few weeks. With her bonnet in her hands, Sarah scolded the cook. While handing her gloves to a footman who received an accusatory stare, she verbally lashed the housemaid and heaped abuse on the laundress. Domestic order restored, still in her traveling costume, she picked up a quill and wrote out page after page of instruction to Mr. Eaton, the overseer of Riverside. Etienne appeared in the library, freshly shaved and powdered, and Sarah held her temper when he upbraided her for not being dressed for dinner yet. As the wife of a successful diplomat, she was expected to dazzle the waves of the dignitaries that he was impressing in trade talks, her husband’s agent. It was imperative that she look the part as they played the diplomacy game, and he drilled that sense of urgency into her skull while she sat at the dressing table, her maid so nervous that Sarah’s hair was almost singed by the curling iron.
A new friend was made at dinner, a blessed companion who had been in the city with her husband for the past month. Mettie Ewald, the wife of a well-heeled New York grain factor, had plenty of money for French finery but no one to share the pleasures of the hunt until Sarah arrived. They set out at once the following morning, to visit the ateliers that catered to the nobility, and then took a walk through the Bois de Boulogne to get away from the congested streets. They were discussing British schools when the sound of a galloping horse caught their attention. Sarah peeked over her shoulder, to see if the rider was about to run her over.
“Tell me I am not dreaming,” Armand du Marais said. He reined in his horse, dismounted and bowed with the grace of a dancer. “Miss Sarah, can it be you?”
“Captain du Marais, this is a pleasure,” she said. Introductions were made, but du Marais gave Mettie little more than a passing glance. A flush crept up Sarah’s neck and bloomed brightly on her cheeks.
“In my excitement I have insulted you,” Armand said. “Your nom de guerre is burned forever in my memory, as is your bravery. Such a delicate flower, Mrs. Ewald, yet she saved my life.”
The night that Sarah wanted to forget was given new life in Armand’s telling, the incidents burnished until Miss Sarah gleamed. The tale had taken on a new meaning, an added element, now that Jack was known to be lurking under cover of the scrub, watching the entire scene and misinterpreting every gesture and every word. Armand chuckled over some clever turn of a phrase but Sarah did not find any of it funny. The antics of a foolish girl were not the stuff of legend; it was an example of blind stupidity. What might Mettie think of her now, cast in a new mold, less than feminine?
“Mrs. Beauchamp, I never imagined,” Mettie gushed.
“It was nothing, truly,” Sarah said. “Captain du Marais has a gift for spinning yarns that are more glorious than the dull reality.”
“Courageous, you must agree,” Armand said. “My debt is great, and has not yet been repaid. Let us begin tonight, then. The Comtesse de Cerand’s box at the opera is at my disposal. Some important people will be there. I should be most honored to introduce you.”
“If Mr. Beauchamp and Mr. Ewald are not previously engaged,” Sarah hesitated.
“If they are, I shall have their engagements cancelled. Too much work and not enough play, these Americans,” Armand said with a wink at Mettie.
Sarah had no need to talk Etienne into attending the opera, not after she mentioned introductions to important people. She spent more time helping her husband select his suit than she needed to choose her dress, an English gown of blue satin shot through with silver threads and trimmed with delicate lace. Naomi held her tongue when Sarah declined the powder for her hair, but the practice had suddenly become abhorrent. In France, the harvests had been poor for several years, there was a shortage of wheat and the masses were starving, while the wealthy drove up the price of a scarce commodity so that they could whiten their hair. Fashion had its place in her life, but not at the expense of a pauper’s crust.
Actors paraded across the stage of the opera house, while a beacon of honey brown hair glowed in the midst of powdered wealth and privilege. Only a month after the Assembly’s last meeting, Sarah brought the liberté and egalité of the street into the midst of the ancien regime. In silks and lush brocades, the party in Comtesse de Cerand’s box represented the Third Estate as it might exist in France if the First and Second Estates were eliminated. The Americans were clearly wealthy, members of the rice planting aristocracy that came to power through their financial prowess rather than by the odd chance of birth. On the streets, the peasants of France demanded the same opportunity. Sarah opened her fan and looked out over a sea of opulence, while all eyes looked back at her, staring, admiring, wondering, fearing. When Armand leaned over, ostensibly to point out the Chevalier whose mistress was seated eight boxes over, du Marais hoisted his true colors and took his side with the rabble, the side he was certain would win out in the end.
Sarah tolerated his examination of her bosom for as long as it took her to formulate a question. “Be blunt, I beg you,” she said. “Are we safe on the streets of Paris?”
“Watch the mob,” Armand said. “And then go in the opposite direction. They are most likely making for the Tuileries, and you, my dear Miss Sarah, would be making your way to Madame Bertin’s atelier. So yes, you are perfectly safe.”
“We had one great advantage during our own struggles,” Etienne said. He too was admiring his wife’s figure, imagining the pleasures he would later find underneath the fabric. “Our king was far away, while yours is in your midst.”
“Quite so, Mr. Beauchamp,” Armand said, sliding into the seat behind Sarah. “A King, a Queen, a court filled with buffoons and trimmers. Ah, look there, the court jester arrives.”
Armand’s wig brushed against Sarah’s ear as he whispered a bit of salacious gossip. He smelled of the sea, as if salt water oozed from his pores. She canted her head slightly, to steal a glimpse of the cuckolded nobleman, and had no doubt that Armand’s lips grazed her bare shoulder as the stage lamps brightened the proscenium. The first notes of the overture began, and a bizarre image flitted across Sarah’s mind, as Jack and Stephen sailed away from her, out of reach towards the horizon.
Caught up in giddy emotions and the rush to answer Etienne’s call, Sarah had agreed that Jack could take Stephen to London for a tour. Mr. Powell had business at the Admiralty and would accompany them, but she suspected that Powell went along to prevent a kidnapping. There was no telling what Jack might do, and a hard rock of fear settled into her gut. The box was stifling, as if the velvet hangings had become the walls of a firebox. Her fan did little to cool her, while her brain whirled at an overheated pace, fretting over circumstances that were entirely out of her control.
In the blink of an eye, the first interval intruded on Sarah’s growing anxiety. One face after another appeared, strangers who were curious to meet the Americans. With difficulty, she catalogued the swarm, picking out those who would be of benefit to the Beauchamp interests and shelving the rest. At the same time, she considered Stephen’s last letter that she had just received, wondering if he knew the real identity of Captain Powell’s friend. An acquaintance of the Marquis de Lafayette bowed to her, spoke, but Sarah was too busy to notice, her mind wrapped up in analyzing Mr. Powell’s correspondence with Etienne.
He was keen to join the Beauchamps in examining schools, would be delighted to call on his former headmaster, and how splendid it would be if their boys could be together. Getting along like peas in a pod, but if Stephen was in London, who could say if Jack might slip up in the future and blurt out what he promised to hide? Imagining that dreadful scene, Sarah did not realize that the French factor who bought Beauchamp cotton was nodding in her direction and winking, over what she had no idea. She pinched the palm of her hand, hard, to force all her thoughts back to business. Stephen would be fine. Surely Jack would not be so rash, yet he was rash by nature, or did she even know him well enough to judge?
The American trade delegation wrapped up their venture but Etienne chose to stay in Paris for another week or two to finalize an agreement for the sale of wheat he planned to grow at the Colleton County farm. Sarah was eager to return to England, but her fascination with Paris became a curious distraction. An army of beggars descended on her every morning when she stepped out onto the street, and whatever Etienne gave her to buy fripperies was parceled out to the ragged mob. They told her of their hatred of Monsieur Necker, their love of their King who would save them, and their disdain for his Austrian spendthrift wife. Sarah felt like a spectator watching an entire nation crumble, in a way that was radically different from her experiences in the American rebellion. She found it hard to tear herself away, fascinated and wary at the same time.
With their departure date set, Sarah made a last shopping trip and returned to the rented house, a parade of trunks in her wake. Filled with gowns made by Rose Bertin, seamstress to the nobility, the new wardrobe was going to be shipped back to Charleston and Sarah would make the grandest of entrances on New Year’s Day. She walked into the foyer and discovered Armand du Marais removing his gloves.
“Captain, if I had known of your call, I would have returned much earlier,” she said.
“With no warning, I have arrived, my apologies,” he said. “Bringing shocking news,” Etienne added.
Out of uniform, Armand looked every inch the member of the Third Estate that he supported in discussions of public policy. He enlivened many an otherwise dull banquet with his vehemence, and Etienne had taken up the habit of accepting invitations if he knew that du Marais would also be attending. The pair of them had grown closer over the course of the past weeks, often spending hours debating some minor point of political reasoning. Sarah suspected that they discussed other topics as well, for Etienne was markedly more amorous in Paris, and somewhat more successful in his efforts.
They settled into the cramped drawing room while Armand paced what little floor space he could find. Like a caged tiger, he walked and turned, unaware that he was drinking wine or nibbling on a cake. “What I have just witnessed,” he said, his arms spread out to suggest he had just witnessed everything on earth. “I went to the Hotel de Ville to lend support to my cousin, who was elected to represent our section of Paris. And they did it. They actually did it.”
“Did what?” Sarah asked.
“They selected a municipal council from the deputies present, my very wise cousin included,” Armand said. At last, he fell into the seat next to Sarah as if exhausted from his long march. “My dear friends, it is done. The Royal Council abdicated, powerless, and we all could see that they had no choice.”
“Such a quiet revolution,” Etienne said.
“The Garde Française is on the side of the people,” Armand continued. “But one does not expect a King to stand aside meekly. Indeed, he cannot accede to all the wishes of the rabble, or he becomes impotent.”
Etienne met Sarah’s glance, and then winked at her before turning back to Armand. “You do not expect this calm peace to remain?”
“In truth, I do not know, but I fear the worst. I have sent my family to the country while I am posted to St. Martin, to leave as soon as my ship can be made ready. Any sort of unrest might give the British some ideas, yes?” Armand patted Sarah’s hand in an intimate gesture of close friendship. His palm was rough, his fingers strong as he briefly caressed her hand. “And you have business that will take you to England? Go. Go at once.”
“Tell Naomi and Orton to begin packing,” Etienne said to Sarah.
“Tonight we shall dine in. You will join us, of course, Captain.”
They toasted the rise of the downtrodden at dinner while Armand slipped off his shoe and ran his toes up Sarah’s shin. As she picked at her fish, he stroked her instep and ankle with his silk-clad foot. The little girl he had met at Riverside at the close of another revolution, the young bride who would gladly have shared his bed, was long gone, replaced by a mature woman who practiced discretion. He flirted with her as if she were that young girl still, a kindness that Sarah treasured. She turned her head towards Armand and dropped her eyes, to tell him without words that she was grateful to him, for making her feel desirable and pretty.



SIXTEEN

The trip to France sapped the last drops of Etienne’s energy. From the day that they returned, Sarah took note of a gradual decline that gained speed with every passing month. In a way, Etienne had decided that his work was done after their daughter Madeleine was born in February, and he turned over more and more duties to Sarah, while he sat on the piazza and rested his often swollen feet. The once robust businessman and successful planter was, unquestionably, worn out by his lifelong pursuit of wealth and grandeur.
He stirred himself enough to entertain His Excellency General Washington when the honored gentleman came to visit Charleston in 1791. The ball that was held at Riverside Plantation was one of the most lavish spectacles ever presented, one that left Sarah exhausted. Not even a single dance with the graceful General had been allowed as a reward for her efforts, even though her hard work paid off handsomely in the endless stream of compliments that fell from jealous lips. She had to stand on the sidelines, chained to her husband by his incessant demands for her attention, while her friends claimed the glory of General Washington’s charm. Etienne was not only growing weary, but he was growing increasingly tyrannical around the house, and he was always around the house.
News of the French revolution filled Sarah’s letters to Beck, while Beck wrote of the steady stream of nobles who came to England, seeking sanctuary. From her home near Portsmouth, she also described the progress being made by Stephen, Ethan and Edmund, an inseparable trio who ruled the halls of Eton and filled Sailor’s Rest with their ruckus over the Christmas holidays. There were also snippets of gossip in Beck’s neatly written pages, about Mr. Powell’s colleague ‘His Lordship’, a ridiculous code name that Sarah presumed was meant to disguise identities since Etienne perused her letters, although he sought only to glean items relevant to business. He showed little interest in the feminine tone of the gossip, as Beck described a once reckless sailor who had settled into a calm sanity after reuniting with a former sweetheart. Etienne’s eyes drooped with boredom as Sarah related the tale of the sea captain who had, for unfathomable reasons, taken a determined notion to rid the world of the entire French navy. Driving his men to the limits of their endurance, this particular gentleman took more chances than were reasonable, to the joy of the Admiralty, which posted him to guard the Channel in the event that the French tried to export their rebellion. Only when Sarah mentioned that the British captain was preying on French shipping did Etienne stir, bringing forth a string of invective about English privateers and the damage that accrued to the Beauchamp purse. Sooner or later, Beck wrote, His Lordship’s luck would turn and he would get caught. Etienne prayed for sooner, rather than later, before one of his ships bound for France was intercepted and sold as a war prize.
Stephen and Ethan returned home for the summers, like all the other junior members of the Low Country aristocracy who attended British schools to learn how to be British gentlemen. The same crowd returned to England in the autumn, but in 1794, Etienne decided that they would sail with the boys and then journey on to France. He had lost business contacts to old age or the Reign of Terror, and he was determined to explore new markets for his expanding factoring concern. Sarah set about packing, as dutiful a wife as she had ever been, but when her husband collapsed into a chair, exhausted by the slightest exertion, she could no longer be silent.
“Do you believe this journey is wise, Mr. Beauchamp?” she asked. “You have contacts in France who manage your affairs to satisfaction.”
“Will you stop questioning me?” Etienne snapped. He pulled off his cravat and untied his collar, but his face did not get any less red.
“My concern for you, my dear,” she said.
“It is my concern that will occupy your interests, madam, and mine alone. My daughter is not to be denied, and I intend to make this possible without touching on your own pursuit of luxuries. Would you have her in rags and tatters?”
“Better rags and tatters in the arms of a loving and living father, sir. Better than silks and a fading memory.”
Sarah broke down, tears of frustration and suppressed anger rolling down her cheeks. She was not given to hysterics, for sobbing was far beneath her dignity and intelligence, but there was only so much she could endure.
“Come, come, enough of that.” Etienne waved her to his side, to take her place at his feet, groveling like a beaten dog.
Tears poured out, a river that never stopped flowing. Sarah was no longer the brave young woman she had once been, back when she was a girl with a future that glowed brightly on the far horizon. Life had intruded, had shown her the realities of her responsibilities to her children and their future. After reaching the age of thirty, she discovered that she had become afraid of change and wanted her life to go on as it was, rather than have to cope with anything new or untested.
“You have always been my most trusted advisor,” Etienne said, his hand resting on Sarah’s head.
Madeleine raced into her mother’s sitting room, disheveled braids flying behind her. As usual, the four-year-old smelled of horses and cinnamon and the Ashley, a record of her day’s adventures through the stables, the kitchen and the riverbank. “Papa, I can write all the letters,” Maddie said. “I can count to one hundred too.”
A beaming Afi followed in Maddie’s wake, the teacher basking proudly in the accomplishments of her pupil. The smattering of education that all children at Riverside Plantation received was being proven as useful to the master, who once had second thoughts about teaching his slaves anything but obedience.
“Not now, baby girl,” Etienne said, shifting in the chair so that Maddie could not climb into his lap. He got to his feet, with Sarah’s help, and lifted a piece of straw from Maddie’s auburn hair. “You must learn to behave with propriety. Does Afi not teach you how to be a lady, rather than a country ruffian? If she is not capable of performing her duties I shall have to sell her and find someone with a lick of sense.”
Alarmed, Maddie flew to Afi’s side and grabbed hold of her nurse’s hand. “No, Papa, you may not,” she said, stomping her foot fiercely and setting her brown eyes to blazing. “You may not ever.” With that, the child turned on her heel and dragged Afi out of the room, angry shoe falls pounding along the corridor.
“Willful, madam,” Etienne turned on Sarah again. “She has inherited the Gaillard temper, and it will be reined in, do you hear me?”
“I shall strive to improve her, Mr. Beauchamp,” Sarah said. Inside, she was seething. “Shall I increase her religious instruction, perhaps?”
“Mr. Eaton is waiting for me,” Etienne said. “See to your house, Mrs. Beauchamp, or it will be tumbled down before we return. Pay heed to your duties.”
Sarah accepted his peck on her forehead with the gratitude of a compliant and endlessly cheerful wife. “Of course, my dear,” she said. “I shall increase my endeavors.”
With trunks packed and sent downriver to be loaded into the Carolina Rose, and all in readiness for an extended sojourn, Sarah fell into bed exhausted. Sometime in the middle of the night, she woke up to discover her daughter had burrowed under the sheets, seeking comfort in a place that Etienne had long since abandoned when his physical prowess abandoned him. She would never rein in Maddie. The girl was perfect just as she was.

* * * * *

Etienne was too engrossed in his correspondence from French merchants to pay any mind to Sarah’s personal letters, with their voyage only a few days away. He was satisfied with a brief overview, looking for a hint about the grain market or an amusing nugget of political gossip that would fuel conversations on board ship during the long crossing. Anything to do with Jerome’s croup or Betsy’s flux was not to be delivered, and Sarah had lumped news of Mr. Powell’s friend ‘His Lordship’ into the domestic category and kept those words to herself. If her husband came upon her in her sitting room, sobbing with grief, Etienne would presume that she was anticipating the sorrow of leaving Maddie behind, a case of maternal love that he could easily ignore. Never could he learn that she was nearly out of her mind with worry over Jack.
Sarah was in no mood for company when they reached Paris, not with their lodgings in disarray and trunks not yet unpacked, but Armand du Marais turned up so quickly that he must have been standing in the street, watching the door. After a passage of so many years, she discovered that the captain was still handsome and intriguing, and he made it clear that he found Sarah much improved with time. On the other hand, he could not hide his shock at Etienne’s decline, in spite of a warm smile that pretended not to notice the many signs of dropsy.
“The treaty between America and England is not an alliance against France,” Etienne argued over dinner. “We seek nothing more than free trade. Have I not been an honest and reliable factor? Why would I seek to alter the conditions? Yet even my oldest colleagues in France are burdened by false notions and misconceptions. Negotiations have been rather difficult.”
“Everyone is overly sensitive,” Armand said. “So much bloodshed, sir. The smell of blood lingers in the air, the foulest of stenches. These past years have been trying for us all, and now the King of England would see a king returned to France. You may have better luck with your business associates if you press the point that America rid herself of royalty, like we French, and no American would seek the return of royalty in any nation that has set itself free.”
Gradually, the conversation turned away from commerce and Etienne’s interest began to wane. He was nodding over the cheese as Armand described his summer campaign, a season of dazzling success for his command. “Under cover of darkness they came,” he wove a yarn, “silently into the port of Le Havre. To do some damage to me, they would if they could, but all they captured was a little chasse marrée. A fast vessel, to be sure, but her commander took the wiser course of surrendering rather than waste the lives of his crew. What point is a slaughter, yes?”
“Of course,” Sarah said. “What benefit to France if she loses sailors, rather than seeking their exchange and return to duty at a later date.”
“Just so. But the English had so few. Not enough men to sail their prize, so what else can they do but offer parole to any Frenchman willing to sail her for them? And while they were thus occupied, the sailing master cut the cable.”
“Wicked man,” Sarah said, looking up at Armand from beneath coyly lowered lashed. 
“They should have paroled him first. Then he would have been rendered hors de combat, a man of honor keeping his word.”
“Was there then a great battle, Captain?” Sarah’s eyes glistened in the candle light, her suppressed tears held in check.
“The cable cut, the anchor gone, and the tide rolling in,” Armand continued. “She drifts to leeward. Closer to shore. Closer. Ever closer. But wait, the British convoy was ready to enter the harbor, prepared for attack.”
“Captain, you torment me. Please, I must know of the battle. You were glorious, of course you were magnificent. Tell me of your deeds.”
With a dramatic show of dejection, Armand put his head down and let his shoulders slump. “My dear friend. The enemy convoy was too far out of the harbor. They could not sail past the battery. No fight, Miss Sarah. Ah, what a disappointment I am, when I sought to impress you.”
“Then the chasse marrée ran aground?”
“The captors became the captured, that was all.” Armand shot Sarah a devilish look, one that she returned. As Beck had described in her letter, so Armand’s tale verified the details of Jack’s fate. “The sailors were paroled, of course. Too great an expense and not justifiable in my mind to feed such rabble. I am well rid of them.”
“No officers commanded this crew?”
“The officers, well, Miss Sarah, that is a very special case. Should I parole them, would they not return and resume their antics?”
“My dearest friend’s husband is an officer in the Royal Navy,” Sarah said. She heard her voice in her head, calm and distant. “A captain.” 
“One of my prisoners is a captain.”
Etienne snorted in his sleep, his head bobbed and a trickle of drool glistened in the crease of his chin. “Please excuse me,” Sarah said. “You will stay, promise me? I shall only be gone for a minute.”
With the aid of a footman and Etienne’s valet, she got her husband out of the room and off to bed, far from the drawing room where she poured coffee and offered Armand a cup with all the grace and poise she could muster. He pulled up a chair, to sit as close to Sarah as was physically possible without sitting in her lap.
“Would you like to see my captive captain?” Armand asked.
“If this man were my friend’s husband, would you allow me to visit him and send some little treats to ease his suffering?”
Armand placed his hand on her arm and leaned closer. “It would please you?”
“For the sake of my dearest Rebecca, I would,” Sarah paused to take a breath and slow her speech, “I would do anything.”
His lips brushed the palms of her hands, a touch that sent a raging fire up her arms. Sarah felt his breath in her ears as he kissed her neck with a gentleness that melted her spine, as if she were ice and he was the July sun. It had been years since she had been kissed with a consuming passion, a lifetime since she had been so intoxicated by a man’s touch.
“I cannot release him,” Armand said, his hand working its way under layers of fabric to find her thigh.
“Send him home to his wife,” Sarah said. 
“My angel, he destroys my ships.”
“You will destroy me with grief if your prisoner is Beck’s beloved,” Sarah said. “I know the pain of a woman whose love is far away, unreachable. Untouchable.”
“But we are together now, my sweet, my most precious Miss Sarah.” His fingers slid under the bodice of her dress with the finesse of a master seducer.
The madness of pure lust masked all rational thought in Sarah’s mind. The frustration that she had born drove her to open the flies of Armand’s breeches. Just one time, she would permit him to have her, just the one time because she could not resist. Through the linen of his shirt she felt his erection and it took all her self-control to let him be the aggressor when she wanted him desperately. The floorboards on the other side of the door creaked and Sarah jumped from fright.
“The servants, they’ll hear,” she whispered.
“We must take care,” Armand said. He guided her hand back to the buttons she had just undone. “But do you wish your lover to be gone, or will he find a welcome at a more convenient time?”
“Pray let him call on her at his earliest convenience,” she said.
“He must wait until tomorrow, and shall go mad with desire until then.”
With her mind swirling, Sarah brushed away the tear that began to trickle down her cheek. “He shall be made most welcome.” She paused, nearly choking on such intimate and suggestive banter and shocked at the intensity of her longing.
“My carriage will call for you at noon. If my prisoner is your friend’s husband, then I shall send him back to his wife. Your heart will not be troubled when I make it mine.”
She allowed him to embrace her, her hand pressed against his chest. To her surprise, Armand’s heart was beating as rapidly as her own. “If only we did not have to wait until tomorrow,” she said.
He held her at arm’s length, his blue eyes shining with unshed tears of joy. “But what is one night, my love, after we have waited for so many years?”
“Too long, Armand.”
“Too long for a beautiful woman to be a nursemaid, deprived of a man’s love, deprived of a lover’s touch.”
In his eyes, Sarah discovered her power. As long as she kept her wits about her and did not lose her head, she would set Jack free and no one would ever know the truth, not Armand, not Jack, and not Etienne. Set him free and set herself free, to bask in Armand’s attentions and savor the physical pleasures she had long been denied. In Paris, far from the prying eyes of the provincial backwater she called home, she would yield to the desire that was aging her, leaving its mark in the creases that grew deeper with every year of celibacy that she endured. Anticipating the next day, she could not sleep that night.
In the morning, Sarah entered Armand’s carriage and found herself recalling her days as a partisan messenger, doing an ordinary activity but carrying a dangerous secret under her clothes. She dozed off and then woke with a start from a bad dream, disoriented. To determine where she was, she peeked through a part in the curtain but all the buildings looked the same as the place she had come from. A shiver went through her, as much from a lingering fragment of a nightmare as from the chill, and she pulled the lap robe up to her shoulders. A smell of damp and mildew suggested that she was very close to the Seine, the river as dark as the overcast October sky. Sarah slid across the padded bench to see what was on her left, squinting to make out shapes through the drizzle that had been falling steadily since dawn. Her breakfast churned in her stomach and bubbled up into her throat.
A menacing wall of thick, solid stone reared up, a fortress that had been the final home of the Royal family until their heads rolled into the gutter. The coldness of the day intensified, as if the prison was an icehouse that exuded a deadly chill from its walls. She let the curtain fall as the carriage turned into a gate that opened to receive her, the cold settling into her bones as the horses whinnied and came to a halt in a rocky courtyard.
The postilion handed her down and then retrieved the hamper that Sarah had packed that morning with a light heart. Why had she ever thought that she and Jack would dine together, as if they were having a picnic on the banks of the Ashley? A sense of dread wrapped around her, a feeling of foreboding that she could not shake off as easily as she shook off the beads of rain that came to rest on her redingote.
A man with grease spotting his patched vest, crumbs sprinkled liberally in his cravat, came dashing out of a doorway and made a great show of bowing and scraping like a proper lackey. No introductions were made, as if the jailer was too far beneath her to trouble her with his particulars. He escorted Sarah into the prison, his face beaming with pride, smoothing down the many stray hairs that escaped the cheap cotton ribbon of his queue. “Mind the step,” he said, leading her down a staircase that was slick with dampness that dripped unseen from every crack and crevice. Sarah’s pace grew slower as she descended, the gloom rising up to meet her in its impenetrable shadows. She reached out to touch the jailer’s arm, afraid that he would get too far ahead of her and leave her behind in the blackness that was broken only by the small lantern he carried.
The odor in the bowels of the prison was so indescribably foul that Sarah had to hold her scented handkerchief to her nose, but even then the stench was overpowering. With so little light she could not make out any details of the corridor she walked through, nor could she see any other doors or some means of escape. The basket of food, covered with gaily patterned fabric that was supposed to serve as a table cloth, seemed a ludicrous offering to the man who was locked up behind the heavy door that the jailer struggled to unlock.
A shifting of straw, a hint of movement, reminded Sarah of rats scurrying for cover. Gradually, her eyes adjusted to the darkness and she discovered two pairs of eyes, dull with fever, staring up at her. Like a draper showing off a bolt of fine silk, the jailer held the lantern close to the men who had made a great effort to sit up. Filthy, unshaven, they presented a horrifying vision of hell. In spite of the haunted look in the men’s eyes, Sarah could still recognize the face that was forever imprinted on her memory. Mr. Thomas had lost the childish fullness in his cheeks, where deprivation had collapsed the skin against the bones of his skull.
“Pigs, these English,” the jailer said.
“I treat my pigs far better than this,” Sarah hissed in reply, giving vent to a building fury.
A renewed scuttling in the murky cell caught her off-guard. Sarah sucked in a breath of air, alarmed by her fear of rats, and turned away from the sound. In the corner she had not seen earlier, a lumpy form suggested another body, unmoving. “He’s dying,” one of the prisoners mumbled, a voice so weak that she prayed she had not actually heard correctly.
With her composure regained, Sarah snapped her fingers at the jailer and ordered the lantern brought near so that she could examine the bundle of limp rags that lay on the filthy straw. Touching Jack’s forehead, she knew that her ears had not been mistaken. Jail fever, dysentery, the plague; any diagnosis would have pointed to the same result. Her voice had an edge as she told the guard to put the hamper down at once. Sarah spread the bright floral print cloth on the floor, as if she were preparing to entertain outdoors, and she proceeded to lay out a feast. “You must eat, sir, and regain your strength,” she said to Mr. Thomas. “He must be fed as well. Nourishing broth is needed.” Turning to the jailer, she barked, “Send for a physician and an apothecary at once. This is appalling.”
“What’s she saying?” the third prisoner asked Mr. Thomas, who could only shake his head wearily. Too sick to interpret, perhaps, but it was equally plausible that neither of the lieutenants had any mastery of the French language. There was no need for them to know what she said to the jailer; all that mattered was the end result.
Sarah used her handkerchief to rub the dirt from Jack’s face, but it was months of grime and her efforts were futile. He stirred and opened his eyes, but he was focused on some distant place. His dry lips parted. “Are we together in death, Sarah?”
“In life, and you will live, do you hear me?” she said. “You must live. For me and for your...for him. I waited for you, didn’t I? And now you’re going to wait for me. Not another word about death, Jack, I won’t have it.”
“Such a temper. You must learn to curb your temper,” Jack said. 
“I’ll curb my temper when you’re strong enough to scold me. Until then, you’ll have the sharp edge of my tongue and if you want sweetness, you’ll have to earn it.”
Sarah lashed out at the jailer, spitting out orders for the proper care of the prisoners, but her words were softened by the louis d’or that was pressed into the lackey’s palm. He bowed that much lower, scraped that much more meekly, and Sarah took the performance as a strong indication that her demands would be met. She had every intention of returning to verify the positive results that she fully expected, a fact that the jailer understood. Another louis d’or flashed in the lamp light, the final installment for a job well done. Sarah held up the coin for a moment and then slipped it into the palm of her gloved hand, as if she were ready to pay off on the bargain the very second that she was satisfied with his efforts.
Mr. Thomas had divided the contents of the food hamper and was making an effort to drip soup into Jack’s mouth when Sarah knelt next to them. She took the lieutenant’s hand, his nails rimmed black with grime, and pressed a pile of coins into his dirty palm. His fingers were numb or paralyzed; she closed his hand around the money so that he would not drop a sou.
“Take it, Mr. Thomas,” she said to his slack-jawed stare. “When you are released you will need this. Guard it well. Use it wisely. I can give you no more.”

* * * * *

The cell door banged shut, rousing Jack from a fevered reverie of Sarah and the pergola in the garden at Riverside, the bougainvillea blossoms glowing like tongues of flame. His lips were warm and moist, as if he had just kissed her. The odor of roses and lemon verbena lingered on the air as he opened his eyes, but it was Lt. Thomas who was hovering over him. It was beef tea that he tasted, not Sarah’s lips.
“She knew your name, Mr. Thomas,” Lt. Winchester said, but Jack had no idea where this conversation had begun, where it was going, or how it came to be.
“I tell you, sir, I don’t recall,” Mr. Thomas said. His reply was weak, the strain of imprisonment and a bout of dysentery telling in his croaking reply.
“You met his mistress, I believe,” Winchester continued. 
“Not her. No. God help me, I cannot think.”
A crumb of bread soaked in wine fell to the back of Jack’s throat and he swallowed without tasting. His senses were growing sharper, spurred by the savory aromas of roasted chicken, herbs and strong cheeses. Mr. Thomas cradled his head, lifting him so that he could sip from the crock of soup that had magically appeared in the cell.
“Last meal. Condemned?” Jack tried to speak with a light heart, but his lips moved only with difficulty.
“A French lady, sir,” Winchester said. “An angel of mercy brought us a gift from the gods.”
“Not French,” Thomas said. “How could she be French? To show us kindness.”
Soon after they had eaten, the jailer returned with several other guards and dragged out the lieutenants. Jack could do nothing, too ill to protest and incapable of fighting back. He was thrown roughly onto a pallet and hauled out, not knowing where he was going but caring very much about his fate.
“Would you take,” he said, stumbling over the language that once came easily to him. “Half-dead. A man half-dead. To the guillotine.”
The men who stripped off the lice-ridden rags that passed for Royal Navy uniforms found the comment quite laughable, as if Jack had constructed the wittiest bon mot. They said nothing as they scrubbed at his flea-bitten skin, and then laughed again when Jack flinched at the sight of a straight razor.
“Murder,” Jack tried to shout but his voice was only a scratch.
“The vermin will be decimated, yes,” the guard said as he scraped away at Jack’s face. Scissors snipped away the matted hair, cropped close to expose skin to soap and hot water in a forceful effort to eradicate the bugs that feasted on British flesh. Although his scalp was stinging, Jack was overjoyed that the infernal itching was calmed. The experience was so pleasant that he finally began to relax, to enjoy the barber’s ministrations.
Jack did not know how long he slept, but when he came to he could not open his eyes, so bright was the room. Squinting, he could barely make out the silhouettes of his lieutenants, drawn up to a window. They were watching something below, a courtyard or garden perhaps, and Mr. Thomas was remarking on a woman swathed in furs. Or was he looking at du Marais?
Lacking strength, Jack could not focus his mind or put together the smattering of words that passed back and forth between Winchester and Thomas.
“My God, it’s a fortune,” Thomas said.
Mr. Thomas was staring at his open palm, but Jack could not move his legs to sit up, to see for himself what the lieutenant held that transfixed him so. Jack blinked his eyes, but when he opened them again the room was dark, lit by a single candle that burned on a stool near his head. A stranger was hovering over him, coaxing him to drink some vile concoction, asking him to please assist in his recovery. The shadowy outline of Lt. Thomas floated above the man’s shoulder, speaking of physicians and medicines and someone must have paid a high price, too high, but why? They would sort it out in the morning, Jack thought. He was too weary to puzzle over the lieutenant’s questions just yet.

* * * * *

Sarah had been starving for years, a fact that Armand pointed out when she straddled his hips and refused to go home until they had made love for a third time. Now that she had experienced the heat of his touch, his slow pace, his ability to give pleasure, she could not be satisfied. Part of his skill lay in his creativity, finding ways to satisfy her that she never would have imagined on her own. And what creativity he expressed. An unused box at the Comedie Francaise became a more enjoyable venue than Armand’s bed, and the settee in Madame de Stael’s bedroom proved to be more comfortable for sex than for sitting. Every minute with Armand was exciting, fascinating, as intoxicating as strong drink, and equally addictive.
No matter how much time he spent with Sarah, Armand never failed to do something that would benefit Etienne. Everywhere he went, he promoted the American planter as an honest man who wanted nothing more than to transact business in the land of his ancestors. While Sarah was sitting for her portrait with Madame Vigee-LeBrun, Etienne was dining with ministers who were keen to obtain grain at a reasonable price, the meetings all put together by Armand du Marais. Sarah might have been in Armand’s arms every afternoon, but Etienne was merrily arranging shipments of timber and rice and he could not have been happier.
The romantic idyll was drawing to a close, with Armand called back to duty and planning to set sail within a week. Sarah was prepared for the end, had been prepared since the day she sat in Armand’s carriage and watched the English prisoners hauled out in a cart. Armand never broke a promise, and Sarah was confident that the men had been put aboard a French fishing boat, as Armand had explained his plan, and handed over to one of the many British warships that kept a close eye on Le Havre’s harbor. Even now she could imagine the trio in Portsmouth, unable to explain how or why they were released. The thought of so many goggle-eyed and gaping sailors made her giggle.
“So you will forget me, now that I take to the sea once again,” Armand said, stretching lazily. He climbed out of bed and strutted around the room, to be an object of Sarah’s admiration as he peeled an apple.
“I remember you since I was a child of sixteen, and now, after sharing your bed, how can you honestly believe that I would ever, ever forget you?” she said. Grey hairs had sprouted at his temples since that long ago time, but he was still handsome, still desirable. “I assure you, I could never possibly forget you.”
He cut the apple and took out the seeds so that she could grow her own trees and taste that afternoon every autumn. Resting a plate of fruit and cheese on her belly, he put an apple wedge between his lips and held it to her mouth, playing a silly game that would lead to a kiss and a great deal of tittering. None of this would be forgotten, because every minute of bliss that was passed with Armand would build a trove of happy memories that would see her through the rest of her life.
From under the pillow, Armand retrieved a ring and slipped it onto Sarah’s finger. She held up her right hand to admire the stone, to catch points of sunlight and make the emerald flash with brilliant fire. He had personally selected the stone because it matched her eyes, the eyes that captivated him in South Carolina and haunted his solitary dreams for all the years that followed. Pleased with her gift, she wrapped her arms around him, stroking his back and feeling the outline of the muscles along his spine. How difficult it would be to go back to Riverside Plantation, to give up her place on a pedestal and lose the man who worshipped her. The ring felt heavy, but the weight was comforting, as if it contained a time and place within its core.
A commotion on the stairs reached the bedroom door; Armand’s valet began to pound as if he meant to break it down. “Urgent message for Madame,” the servant shouted, never easing up on his assault.
Armand pulled the sheets up to her neck, then climbed into his breeches. The valet nearly stumbled into the room when the door was opened, in a mad rush to deliver a note. Within seconds, Armand had read the message and begun to shout for the maid, to see to Madame. “It’s your husband,” Armand said. “He’s been brought back to your lodgings.”
Sarah nearly fell to the floor, caught off-guard by the subdued panic that drove Armand to throw on his clothes as if he could not get dressed fast enough. The chambermaid was equally hasty, a servant who had detected her master’s alarm and then copied it. There was no time to waste on primping, on the finer points of a toilette, that much was obvious. It was clear that Sarah had to hurry, had to get to Etienne at once, to resume her proper place when he needed her.
Doctors were called, nurses were retained, and Armand handled all the arrangements. Sarah had only to sit at her husband’s bedside, holding a hand that was weak, limp and already growing cold. The best physician in Paris diagnosed a case of acute apoplexy, with attendant paralysis of the right side. As the doctor laid out his prognosis, Sarah looked closely at Etienne, but he was deaf to the world, one eye shut and the other half-open. A trickle of saliva formed at the corner of his mouth, the lips hanging askew. Nothing to be done, the doctor said, and Sarah felt her ears stop up.
“It would be best if you returned to Charleston,” Armand said. “There may be time if you leave soon.”
Armand laid his hand on Etienne’s wax-like arm, leaning over Sarah’s shoulder as he spoke with surprising warmth. “As I promised you, old friend, I have looked after her. I have been at her disposal, and now I shall be at your disposal. Never will I abandon you.”
A physician willing to travel to South Carolina was found, along with a woman to act as Etienne’s nurse in exchange for free passage to America. Sarah wrote out different letters to her sons, trying to find the words that would tell them their father was gravely ill without frightening them. She nearly sent the version that asked Beck to ship the boys to France to be with Etienne, but Armand talked her out of it. He explained very simply how impossible it was, how dangerous it was, just as he helped her to understand that he could not see her safely across the ocean if she insisted on going first to England. All Sarah wanted was an extra week to sort everything out before she left Paris, but Armand had already delayed his departure and he could not wait another day.
The convoy left Le Havre under storm canvas, taking advantage of foul weather to escape the British blockade. Etienne had to be tied down to a bunk to keep from spilling out onto the deck, and the doctor found it difficult to prepare tinctures and infusions under such trying conditions. What little he managed to spoon into Etienne’s mouth proved to be effective, because the once limp rag of a body found renewed strength, or at least enough energy to moan whenever Sarah tried to step out of the cabin. “I’m just off to the necessary,” she would say, so that she could have ten minutes of peace to take the air on the quarterdeck.
In spite of the threat posed by the British warships that prowled the sea lanes outside of Charleston, Armand held fast to his vow. “You are home at last,” he said to Etienne as the jolly boat came within sight of Riverside’s pier. He propped up the limp old man and pointed out the wooden pilings that marked the start of the path that led to the front door. “My refuge in dangerous times. Thank you, my friend, for all that can never be repaid.”
What passed for a smile twitched in the left corner of Etienne’s mouth. He made sounds, grunts that evolved into gurgles, but no one could interpret. Sarah studied her husband’s face, to read what he meant to say, but the waxy mask of paralysis gave no clues. “Would you like me to ask the captain to stay?” she tried one possible option. When Etienne failed to respond, she felt that she had no other choice, having brought up the invitation in Armand’s presence, to invite him to dinner. She offered Riverside’s hospitality if Armand wished to honor them with a longer visit, and with that, the left side of Etienne’s face moved into a semblance of a smile.
“As much as I would like to stay, I cannot,” Armand said. “Duty, that unrelenting mistress.” 
Etienne rumbled out a mucus-thickened grunt before he was lifted into the house and carried to his bed. As if they were seated in the drawing room, Armand brought a chair to the bedside and chatted with the invalid, describing some land he had bought on St. Kitt’s, an estate that somehow involved Etienne’s advice or investment or both. Sugar prices were batted about while Etienne lay motionless, a spectator to the ambition of another man.
After an informal dinner in Etienne’s bedroom, Armand took his leave with an emotion that stated the obvious. He would never see Etienne alive again, and his affair with Sarah was concluded. As if all lights were abruptly extinguished, she was surrounded by a dark loneliness, a feeling of complete solitude that deepened until she was wallowing in a bottomless malaise. Not even Maddie’s cheerful bustle could lift the veil that obscured Sarah’s vision. When Etienne developed pneumonia within weeks of returning home, she walked around as if she were blind, and when he breathed his last, she refused to see that he had gone and taken her past with him.



SEVENTEEN

The annual New Year’s Day ball became a memorial to Etienne Beauchamp as the social season for 1795 began. Low Country aristocrats descended on Riverside Plantation as they always had, but for the first time in living memory there was no dancing. Instead of music, the drawing room buzzed with the murmurs and expressions of sympathy over a loss that was hardly unexpected. Maddie clung to the porcelain doll that Armand du Marais had given her, blissfully unaware that Papa was never coming back from that very vague destination of Heaven. While Afi kept the little girl occupied in her normal routine, Sarah greeted her friends and neighbors while her ears picked up the snickering from the far corners of the room. The rumor was being circulated that the old man had been felled by his insatiable lusts, riding his young bride straight into the grave. She had no words to refute the gossip, not when the truth would serve no good purpose.
Sarah’s eyes were dry, for she did not know if she was sad or happy or dead inside. Marriage had been an endless penance as she paid a price for foolhardy escapades, and she was overjoyed that she was freed from the obligation. Never again would she have to sit quietly and listen to his harangues about tough chicken or the cost of shoe leather. At the same time, she was overcome with sadness, knowing that the world she was born into was gone with her husband. Forever Etienne had been there, a fixture in the family, encouraging her in her studies and complimenting her over a bit of embroidery that no one else had noticed. Here she was, free of a wife’s burdens, but the thought did not please her as she once had expected. The day that was long anticipated had dawned but it was not the sunny future that a seventeen-year-old girl had envisioned. The child she carried would enter the world an orphan, and it was up to Sarah to provide without a man at her side to carry part of the burden. The full weight of her responsibilities pressed on her shoulders, weighed her down and pushed her lower into the settee. The pressure blocked up her ears and made her deaf to the warm voices of the bachelors and widowers who hovered around her like a nest of hornets.
For days afterward, while the rest of the Low Country enjoyed the season, Sarah confined herself to her sitting room and did little more than stare at the fire. She started to write to Beck, to relay the news, but she only tossed one draft after another into the flames. Too jubilant, too triumphant, too sad, too morose; the words to express what she truly felt did not exist. Searching for the right phrase, Sarah stepped into a distant memory and watched a pair of children make a vow to remain friends forever, married to brothers, raising families side by side. She was unable to lift the quill again until the second week of January, after Maddie crept into her bed and asked for a story of the long ago days, when Sarah was a child of five and rode bareback across the pastures of Brookfield Hall and Riverside Plantation.
The following morning, Sarah threw on her riding habit at first light and paid a visit to the pasture, its contours and fences unchanged over the years. She rode past stumps of trees that had been felled to provide oak planks for the American Navy’s new ships. At the edge of the Beauchamp family cemetery, she left the horse and walked through the scruff of winter-dead weeds, soaking the bottom of her skirts on the chill dew. Etienne’s grave, domed earth already beginning to flatten, marked the end of her quest.
“You thought I loved you, and that’s as much as I hoped for,” Sarah said. “Every day I set out to please you and if I failed, then I’m sorry but I did try.”
She looked around the cemetery, where a few stones marked the graves of family and beloved slaves who were given a place of honor with the masters. Sarah would have to send Samuel the blacksmith in the spring, to fix the wrought iron gate that was hanging off its top hinge. She considered what sort of stone she might order for her husband, to mark his resting place. Before it was installed, she would need to hire one of the slaves on quarter- tasks to scythe the weeds once a week, to keep the patch presentable. The tall grasses rustled in the breeze, rippling like the waves that washed against the shore. This was where Etienne expected her to be, at his side, covered by the dirt of Riverside, dust to dust that mingled with his dust. The thought sent a chill through her.
“You were the only man in Charleston who appreciated my intelligence, Mr. Beauchamp.” Sarah closed her eyes to hold back tears. Before their last trip to Paris, Etienne had asked her what he might give her, to thank her for traveling with him when she wanted to stay at home with Maddie. Nothing, she had said. There was nothing. What she most desired, she received from another man.
“This is not a fit place to be in this cold,” Richard Mahon called to his daughter from the road. “Come back to the house, Sarah. We have important business to discuss.”
With her horse trailing the Mahon carriage, Sarah sat next to her father and snuggled against his side for warmth. He had come to tell her about the will, but there was nothing in it that she had not heard before from Etienne. They had discussed everything as equal partners, and her husband had not decided on a single bequest without consulting her first. Money was to be given to select charities, the oldest slaves were to be freed, trusted servants were given honoraria, and the College of Charleston was to receive a generous donation. A liberal dowry would be settled on Maddie so that she could start her own family from a position of comfort with cash and land, while a portion of the estate would have to be set aside for the new baby. Stephen and Ethan would have their plantations when they came of age, and Ethan would be charged with looking after his mother when she was too old to care for herself.
Richard steered the pair of bays through the curve of the driveway that opened up to a magnificent vista of the big house and its surrounding gardens. All this would belong to Ethan one day, because poor deluded Etienne thought that Sarah would prefer to remain there until her death, and she wanted to be with Ethan because her second born was her particular favorite. That was a good enough fabrication at the time, when she could not very well tell her husband that Ethan was his true heir and was therefore entitled to inherit the Beauchamp estate. Stephen would have Brookfield Hall, the land that Sarah would have brought to a marriage with Stephen’s father, the property that would have passed to him if life had not taken a wrong turn.
“Your husband was unusually generous to you,” her father said as he escorted her into the house. “Normally, a man with two sons, well, it struck me that he must not have expected you to marry again.”
Sarah removed her gloves slowly, digesting Richard’s words. “He understood that I would not willingly relinquish my freedom,” she said. She examined her reflection in the bull’s-eye mirror and discovered that the roses were back in her cheeks. “Funny how he knew my mind.”
“You two were well suited, baby girl,” he said. “You were far older than seventeen when you married, and he was far younger than fifty.”
Over the course of the afternoon, the slaves who were to be freed were called into the plantation office and handed their manumission, along with a small encomium to start them out in a new life. The elderly who had served Etienne the longest took the news with quiet shock, dazed by the change to their status in the world. Where were they to go, they wanted to know, and did they have to leave the homes that they knew and the families that they loved? By law, a freed slave could not remain in South Carolina, but Sarah considered herself the law within the boundaries of her plantation. Without hesitation, she gave them what Etienne had given her: a roof over their heads, food and clothing, and a promise that they would not be forced out. They were free within limits, to work on the plantation for wages while skirting a law designed to keep them enslaved. As the ancient footman Sanusi bowed his tearful thanks to Miss Sarah, she saw herself in the grizzled servant. With the stroke of a quill applied to a death certificate, she too had been freed from bondage, but she was as tied to Riverside as the old man in Beauchamp livery.
“Papa, as for Brookfield,” she said when the last of the day’s work was done. “I know that the house cannot be restored, but it could be replaced. You are too proud to live with me, I know your heart, or I would ask you to consider this your home as well.”
Richard mulled over the proposal for as long as it took him to sip his coffee. “Let Stephen design his own home when he is ready. My pride has been tempered by experience and time, baby girl. You will need your mother’s help before long. Whatever you ladies decide, I shall not object.”
“And will you support my decision to host Abby’s wedding?” she asked.
Sarah took aim and fired her first shot at Charleston society, across the bow of propriety and custom. No one would dare to criticize her, the wealthiest widow in the Low Country. Let the tongues wag, let the neighbors think her deranged to stage a festive celebration so soon after her husband’s death, but her sister was going to get married on time and Sarah would be there to witness the grand day.
A sudden increase in the number of social calls was evidence that the word was out, as one woman after another tried to reason with Mrs. Beauchamp. Sarah met them all with a determination to carry on as she pleased, and she told everyone who would listen that her late husband had been eagerly anticipating Abby Mahon’s nuptials. He had insisted to the last that the ceremony and party go on, even should the worst befall him. “The worst,” Sarah intoned gravely dozens of times, her eyebrow raised. It was all to please little Maddie, whose heart would be broken if she could not wear her beautiful dress and carry flowers for her beloved aunt. Would anyone deny Etienne Beauchamp his last request, or deny his precious daughter something she desired? Not one of the snooping matrons could prove or disprove Sarah’s story. As far as she was concerned, it was none of their business what she did.

* * * * *

There was not a better month to marry than April, when the days grew warmer after winter’s chill. Opening her home to the Brewster family of Cambridge, Massachusetts, Sarah was a gracious hostess by day but a sorrowing sister at night. Saying good-bye to Abby was to bid farewell to a happy childhood, with memories that would fade in time without anyone to refresh them. It was impossible to imagine that she might one day travel north, not when her business interests occupied her every waking minute. Sarah was bound to the land, to the empire that Etienne had created, and she would not have changed it for anything.
They sat on the piazza after the guests had gone to bed, Sarah and Abby side by side in a tableau that recalled the days of the occupation. “At least you will have Robert’s company in Boston,” Sarah said. “It would break my heart to think of you alone up north, with no friends or relations.”
“We can all meet in Saratoga during the summer,” Abby said. “If you are to be a true horsewoman, you shall have to attend the races. You might find an intriguing suitor.”
“The Low Country has a bountiful crop,” Sarah said with a chuckle. “I am too set in my ways to bend to another man’s will. It takes so long to train them, Abby, and I do not care to endure a stranger’s whims.”
“A stranger who may not tolerate your particular rules?” Abby asked.
The baby rolled and Sarah shifted in her chair. “I am not prepared to abdicate my throne,” she said. Skirting the law within the limits of her estate was possible only as long as she ruled. While she might find a man of like mind, it was a difficult search and one that could not produce a guaranteed result. With a sigh, Sarah got to her feet. The rest of her days would be spent alone, and the sooner she accepted the fact, the sooner she might find some scrap of happiness.
“Maddie is so bright,” Abby said. She followed her sister into the house, as if ending the conversation was to snip their familial bond. “Her tutor will soon be outpaced.”
“When that time comes, I shall consider other options.”
“The best schools for young ladies are to be found in Boston,” Abby said. She took Sarah’s arm and walked up the stairs, side by side. “When you decide, do not forget your poor sister so far from home.”
“You shall have your own brood to tend,” Sarah said.
“One or a dozen, what do I care? I must think of my goddaughter and her best interests. As her mother may keep her tied to the apron strings, and that I cannot tolerate.”
“Well, when the time comes, dear sister, we shall see what Mr. Brewster has to say.”
“By that time, I shall have him well trained. He will say yes. He will think it is his own idea. Just you wait and see.”
Sarah watched her sister sweep down the corridor, so sure of her future. There was a time when another Mahon daughter was equally sure, only to find that life could be full of surprises. The future held many possibilities, but even the most confident bride could never know what would actually come to pass.

* * * * *

Abby had only just left on her honeymoon excursion to New York City when Sarah’s last pregnancy ended in a stillbirth. Overcome by a crushing sense of loss, she sank so low that Bérthe sent for the most modern and progressive physician in Charleston to find the cure. Dr. Wrenn prescribed an opiate solution for his sorrowing patient, and Sarah’s days passed by in a drugged haze. She did not know or care what day it was, if Maddie was there or in town or across the river at Taft Landing. The impending return of Stephen and Ethan from England did nothing to lift her spirits.
Whatever happened to the plantations, the cotton or the rice or the wheat, she did not care. Mr. Eaton met with her to review the day’s business and she could not be bothered to actually listen. It was all worthless. The land, the crops, the shipping and her life were utterly worthless. Sarah was bereft of hope, held in bondage by unseen forces that she could not begin to describe. Not even death would free her, for she would be planted under the soil of Riverside, side by side with Etienne, and her dust would mingle with his until Sarah Mahon was erased and only Etienne Beauchamp would remain.
“The Liberty has been sighted off the bar.” Richard dashed into Sarah’s bedroom, smiling merrily with the wonderful news. “Back from England with a priceless cargo of Beauchamps.”
What did she care about ships at sea? The sea was the source of nothing but grief and misery, the origin of powerful storms that wiped out everything in their path. Sarah had been crushed by the ocean, pummeled by waves and cast adrift on the current. A shower of tears poured from her eyes, the salt water of the sea that would never run dry.
“Such a terrible loss, Mr. Mahon,” Bérthe said. “Dr. Wrenn’s treatments may need much more time to prove efficacious.”
Richard sat on the edge of Sarah’s bed, taking her hands in his and squeezing gently, as if he could wring every last drop of sorrow from his daughter. “I have been doing my utmost to keep up with your correspondence, baby girl,” he said. “Naturally, I wrote to Mrs. Powell to inform her of your troubles. I have her reply. Would you like to read it? Or shall I read it to you?” 
Naomi held a glass to Sarah’s lips, urging her to drink every last drop. With sudden clarity, Sarah understood that they wanted to keep her imprisoned, enslaved, and after she had given everything to be free. She struggled to get her legs out from under the crushing weight of the sheets, and at the same time she waved her hand under her nose to be rid of the noxious brew that her maid was forcing on her. As soon as Sarah’s feet touched the floor she tried to stand, but her legs were gone and she crashed to the floor.
Drops of liquid and shards of glass twinkled near her eyes, giving off hot sparks of light that reflected the bright sunshine that filled the room, filled it until there was no space left for Sarah. Arms lifted her back into bed, disconnected limbs that wanted to return her to the feathered prison, but she would have no more of it. They had taken her legs to keep her from running. She had to be more clever than her masters to get away. She was going mad, Sarah thought, she was becoming a mad woman, or they were driving her mad to keep her in her place.
“Back to bed now, baby girl,” Bérthe said. “Still weak as a kitten.” 
“No,” Sarah shouted, trying to push away her captors. “No more. Naomi, send for Mrs. Gilhooly.”
At once, Mary was there, concern and trepidation knotting her hands. Was her housekeeper part of this jail, this cell that was constructed of swaddled Sea Island cotton and lace and silk thread embroidery? Sarah was a soldier, and she knew how to battle. A warrior from the rebellion, she would rebel now and reclaim what she was on the verge of losing.
“I will dress, Naomi,” she said. “Mary, send for the carriage, I mean to go out for a drive. And get word to Mr. Conway at the factor office. Tell him I intend to sail this summer and I am in need of a suitable boat.”

* * * * *

Stephen and Ethan considered themselves sailors, as capable of hauling the ropes or manning the helm as professional seamen. Sarah was both surprised and pleased at the skill that her sons possessed, blessed with a knowledge that could only have come from the patient instructions of Mr. Briggs on the many voyages to England and back. The family’s favorite cruise took them out beyond the bar and down along the coast to the mouth of the Stono, to count the British warships that were uncommonly fond of looking into Charleston Harbor in search of privateers. On a bright June morning, Stephen made a great show of running up the American flag on the single mast, as if he meant to boast of his true colors to the enemy.
“Mama, might I leave school and join the navy?” Stephen asked. He ordered the boat brought about on the starboard tack, and the two hired sailors jumped at his orders as if a boy of thirteen was a full-fledged master.
Off on the horizon, the sails of two tall-masted ships flew like white birds making for the warmth of the Caribbean. The sheets of the lead ship collapsed and then billowed as she tacked, to be mirrored within seconds by her pursuer. The merchantmen crossing the bar took note as well, hesitating to crowd on sail until the large warships, and their bristling gun decks, were safely away.
“She’s French-rigged,” Stephen said to Ethan. The two boys were transfixed by the potential of a mighty battle at sea. “That’s an English ship of the line after her.”
“They can’t keep their business to themselves,” Sarah grumbled. “One or the other of them will be boarding our ships and inspecting what they have no right to inspect.”
“Our country needs its own navy, Mama,” Ethan observed. “Then they’d think twice about disturbing our trade.”
“Our country needs educated men to be officers in her navy,” Sarah said. “Along with sensible men to manage the businesses and the farms.” 
Stephen took his eye off the chase only long enough to check on Maddie, who was sprawled on the bowsprit like a living figurehead. One of the crew members had tied a rope around her waist as a safety harness, in spite of her wriggling protests. “I am quite thoroughly educated,” Stephen said.
“Not nearly enough,” Sarah said. “Madeleine, two feet on the deck before you’re washed overboard. Mercy, but you try my patience some days.”
“I can read and write,” Stephen continued. 
“So can I,” Ethan piped up.
“Wonderful. See Mr. Conway at the factor office tomorrow morning and he’ll put you to work and see just how much you know,” Sarah said.
“I see no reason why–,” Stephen began.
“Keep in mind, dear boy, that as far as the British are concerned, you were born prior to the signing of the peace treaty, and you are therefore a British citizen forever and always,” Sarah said. “I’ll not have you pressed into the King’s service.”
“Yet I am allowed to cross the Atlantic twice yearly to attend school,” Stephen countered.
“Under the protection of Captain Powell’s letters of introduction,” Sarah shot back.
The warships were out of view, their quest to engage in combat being carried south. This was the entire ocean in a microcosm, the British against the Dutch, the French, against Spain and Portugal, with America caught up between them. Sarah was a fool to rely on a few pieces of paper, drawn up by an officer who was now stationed in the Mediterranean. What power did the letters truly hold, if an English captain were desperate for men to sail his ship and fire his guns?
“Will I go to England for school?” Maddie asked.
“English girls don’t go to school,” Ethan said. “Aunt Powell had to find a special governess and she’s very dear.”
Ethan with ears ever open; Sarah smiled at the resemblance to his father. Behind an angel’s face, the boy was absorbing everything, and no one would imagine that he was even listening. Every sentence became food for his inquisitive mind, the words sifted in a bid to discover every tiny nugget of information that would give a businessman an advantage over his competitors. If Sarah wanted to know almost anything about Beck’s household, she could probably find out from Ethan.
“England is cold and damp,” Stephen said. “You’d never like it there, Maddie.”
“One looks to other benefits beyond the climate,” Sarah said. “What might others think of a Charleston summer?”
The ropes creaked comfortably in the blocks as the boat edged closer to the wharves on the Cooper River. Sails drooped and filled as the ship wore around, while a solitary gull took a turn around the mast. Stephen could have this much, Sarah decided. Stephen and Ethan and Maddie as well, they could share in the simple pleasures of sailing on calm seas and riding out storms from the safety of a well-appointed library. The war that Sarah had fought was over, and she would bury the past with the rest of the dead. Her three surviving children were the future, a future that did not include silly vows and childish dreams.



EIGHTEEN

Sarah had not considered how empty the big house would be when she sent Maddie away to school. Neither Robert nor Abby had warned of the crippling solitude that would follow on Sarah’s heels from morning until night. She could not contradict her brother’s claim that an equally good school did not exist in South Carolina, and she had to agree that Maddie would benefit substantially from superior teaching. Even so, it was a painful loss that Sarah struggled to tolerate if she could not avoid it outright.
With hours of work awaiting her every day, she filled the void with lumber contracts, land sales and crop improvements. She buried herself in business, to the point that her personal correspondence began to accumulate, unopened and unread. On a warm April evening in 1795, she noticed that the basket was overflowing onto the floor, a reminder that she had other duties to attend to besides rice and cotton. The shadows stretched across the garden as she sat on the piazza, a jumbled pile of wax-sealed letters in her lap.
Maddie’s pack of rat terriers sat at her feet, endlessly sulking because their mistress had left them behind, choosing to bring along Afi instead of them. Now they shadowed Sarah’s every step, an annoying train that did nothing but remind her that her daughter had to leave Riverside to be freed of outdated notions about suitable female pursuits. In the Low Country, reading Latin was not thought of as entirely proper for a young lady, as Sarah had often been reminded. She had bit her tongue against a retort, that a war for liberty had been fought twenty years ago and women were as enslaved as ever.
The seal on Beck’s most recent letter was barely cracked before the dogs were on their feet, barking as if the world were ending. Sarah looked up and saw her neighbor striding up the path from the pier, with a scowl that guaranteed this would not be a friendly call.
“Mr. Taft, I thought that you would take a full week to consider the purchase of that brood mare,” she said, hoping that he could be guided to a topic that Sarah wanted to discuss.
“This is not about the stud,” Taft said. Without being invited, he fell into a chair that appeared too delicate to hold up his large frame. Sarah cringed when the legs cracked, on the verge of shattering. “Although I am tempted to set up a joint venture.”
“If we could come to an agreement before next year’s racing season, we could be well on our way,” she said, only to be abruptly cut off.
“See here, Mrs. Beauchamp, I’ve known you since you were a baby and I’ve known your father’s politics nearly as long,” Mr. Taft said. “He’s a powerful influence over you, even now.”
“He has always been a powerful influence.”
“That negro you rented from me, that one who operated the cotton gin. Did you know that he ran off?” Taft stood up, to the relief of the chair, and paced along the edge of the piazza. “There’s talk in my slave quarters that he married one of your girls.”
A tall whiskey and water pacified the gentleman for a few minutes, long enough for Sarah to find a journal in the plantation office. She turned the pages in reverse order, going from the present into the past, searching for an entry that recorded a marriage in a book that held the year’s meticulous and thorough history. “Hecate united with Josiah of Taft Plantation, in January of this year,” she said. “She’s a dairy maid, and none of my dairy maids were missing as of this morning.”
“Gone up north, one of my drivers said,” Taft added.
“As I said, I cannot verify the report without taking a census of my people,” she said. If she looked, it was quite likely that she would find another entry, one indicating the manumission of a dairy maid who had bought her freedom. The old practice was falling into disfavor, to the point that some wanted to make it illegal. “Mr. Taft, we are long acquainted. Speak plainly and tell me what’s on your mind exactly.”
“Out of respect for your recent losses, I hate to push this, but that negro was a wizard when it came to grading cotton. He’s valuable to me.”
She called for another whiskey for her guest, gaining a few minutes to reconsider the reason behind Afi’s odd behavior when the nursemaid was preparing to leave for Massachusetts. The hesitation when Sarah offered her the post was ascribed to a fear of leaving Riverside and all that was familiar. Did freedom mean something different in Boston, Afi had asked a dozen times, and did free people of color have more rights in the north than they did in Charleston? At the time, Sarah knew full well that the people of Massachusetts would look on the maid as a lesser being, which was no different than the opinion of the average Charlestonian. Rather than tell her that, and risk having to send Maddie up north with no bits of Riverside to cling to, Sarah had stated that free women of color had no fear of slave catchers in Boston. With Taft’s news, all the questions and quizzing fell into place. Afi was the conduit for information between the big house and the slave quarters. “He was in my employ, as I recall,” Sarah said. “So I do hold some responsibility for his running off, if he left from Riverside. How low I had fallen for all those months, sir. You are entitled to some compensation, all the same.”
“I didn’t come here for money,” Taft protested.
“Then let’s remain friends and split the loss. Let me pay half his value, at least,” she said. “Don’t deny me, Mr. Taft, or you’ll have nowhere to go on New Year’s Day.”
"Why, Mrs. Beauchamp, are you implying that there’s to be a ball?” he said. The whiskey had softened the harsh edges; the burly planter stretched out on the steps and leaned back on his elbows. “Mrs. Taft expects to have a cousin visiting. Fine gentleman, I might add. Just reaching his thirtieth year, and a horseman with a keen eye. Might I suggest that the value of that cursed negro be exchanged for the priceless value of an introduction to Mrs. Etienne Beauchamp?”
“You’re not matchmaking?”
“Two boys of a sensitive age, a girl who thinks she’s a jockey racing my horses and beating my best rider.” Taft got unsteadily to his feet. “They need a father, and you should have a husband to take on the burden of all that your late husband created.”
Presumptuous to voice his opinion, Sarah felt, but then again she had nearly forgotten why she never much cared for the planters’ sons who had once courted her with vigor. This visit was more than an inquiry about a runaway slave, it was the opening salvo in the next war. A barrage of suitors was on the horizon, an unavoidable parade was forming up with the sole purpose of taking over Sarah’s affairs and removing her from management. What might the potential spouse say when he learned that Etienne Beauchamp had tied up his estate so that a second husband could not bring his beloved wife and children to ruin? What of a man who professed love undying, only to learn that every penny in Riverside’s coffers was doled out through the offices of Richard Mahon and only after a request by his oldest daughter?
In giving Sarah absolute power, Etienne had also consigned her to a solitary life; no one at breakfast to share Beck’s news, no one at dinner to discuss the cotton crop, no one at the close of the day to ponder the issues of free trade. On the positive side, of course, there was no one to complain, to snipe and rebuke, to correct and upbraid. Not sure if she should be happy or sad, Sarah sank back into the chair she had just vacated, on the verge of bidding her neighbor a cheerful farewell.
“How careless of me,” Taft gasped, inebriated contrition etched in his frown. “Forgive me. Your feelings are yet tender and I am prone to being crass.”
“The press of memory,” Sarah said, dabbing at her eyes. “A heavy weight to carry some days.”
For a long minute after Taft left, Sarah sat with her letters but her eyes did not focus on the words. She sorted the scattered papers by date, a pile for business and another deemed personal. The footman served supper on the piazza but she had no time to eat if she were to get through the collection. Nor did she have any appetite for the sound of her own teeth grinding or her own throat swallowing. The flies were given leave to savor the pork medallions with apricot sauce, the rice pilau and the cheese.
A few words from Beck were a tonic that eased a chronic ache. A mention of Mariah’s accomplishments, Jerome’s first attempt at copying out Bible passages, and little Sarah’s lost tooth were brisk slaps to rouse a woman out of self-pity. She was not some feather-brained decoration in need of a man to admire her. She was intelligent and capable, raised up to command rather than follow. Beauchamp Factors had just shipped a load of rice to Pennsylvania and turned a fine profit; she would go after the market for rice in New York next. Demand for lumber and grain and cotton and spices was growing and Sarah would take her products across the ocean, to merchants in London and Paris, Brussels and Berlin. There was man’s work to be done and Sarah meant to dig in with both hands. Her children would inherit two or three times what Etienne had parceled out in his last will and testament, because Sarah was determined to show the world what an educated American woman could do.

* * * * *

As soon as the rice harvest was sold, Sarah turned to her household chores and emptied her wardrobe of anything old, removing every last vestige of the Etienne Beauchamp era. Naomi spent days picking out seams so that the fabric could be used over for the house maids’ Sunday frocks or quilts or rags. Trunks of garments from Rose Bertin’s atelier in London were opened and aired, ready for the dawn of a new day. On the first of October, Sarah removed her wedding band and locked it away in her jewel case, saved for some other Beauchamp bride who would not look on the gold ring as a badge of servitude. On the second of October, the Tafts and their house guest were invited to dinner.
Entertainment was suitably staid, appropriate for the age and station of the party. Sarah understood that courtship for a widow was a far cry from the wooing of a maiden, but she never expected things to be this dull. Nancy Taft’s cousin was a man of powerful convictions and vocal opinions, all of which Sarah disagreed with. Nothing ruined an appetite like being told that she spoiled her negroes, and a long-winded monologue about the delicate female mind tied Sarah’s stomach in knots. Be polite, she heard her mother’s voice echoing in the back of her head, and Sarah smiled while pushing food around on her plate.
In spite of the unpleasant experience, Sarah still found the evenings too long and the big house too quiet. She took to entertaining with regularity, filling her dining room with interesting conversation and a few select people who would not attempt to seduce her over the soup. She needed clusters of men gossiping in her drawing room if she was to acquire the little bits of news that Etienne once brought home from the taverns and clubs in town. To eliminate the silence and further her business interests, Sarah opened her home, her larder and her cellars to the Low Country elite who wanted very much to marry off their matriarch in a most suitable union. For the sake of companionship, she tolerated it.
Letters from the children were Sarah’s only light during the gloomy days of the rainy season. Maddie wrote often, her childish scrawl endearing in all its smudges and inkblots. While Ethan professed his great happiness with the scholar’s life at Eton, Stephen began to compose rants about the waste of his time that was higher education. There was something in his argument, the way he phrased his need to gain experience at sea before life passed him by, that did not quite ring true. His lines had the sound of coaching from behind the footlights, words put into sentences that were not composed by the boy who spoke them. The fact remained that America had no real navy, nor did Congress demonstrate any inclination to build one, in spite of the clear need. So she wrote to her oldest son, to counsel patience, to wait until his country had the tools with which to fight and then he might serve.
Preparations for the annual New Year’s Day ball kept Sarah’s mind fully occupied, with the balancing act that was her seating chart absorbing hours of time. She planned her dinner menu while the aroma of roasting beef seeped through the windows of the morning room. The slaves were celebrating the end of another year, given over to dancing and feasting for three days in a Low Country tradition that Sarah honored by fending for herself as much as possible.
“Are you in to visitors, Miss Sarah?” Sanusi asked.
Startled, Sarah dropped her quill and splattered a blot in the middle of the half-written page. The footman was an ancient collection of dried up hide and bones that moved silently through the halls of the big house, his presence undetected until he spoke. It took Sarah a moment to regain her composure, and she did not answer her footman until she had wiped the nib and placed the quill into its stand.
“Am I in to whom?” she asked, shaking sand over the supply order she had begun to write out for Mr. Eaton.
“That old fellow, Mr. Robinson.”
Sanusi canted his head when Sarah looked up from her task. “Of whom you do not approve,” she said.
“They say he doesn’t have to buy slaves, Miss Sarah, because he gets enough off the girls he already owns.”
“You believe this gossip?”
“For a man of my years, ma’am, I see things clearly.”
It was easy to avoid callers by slipping through the morning room door onto the piazza, then across the kitchen garden to the stable where a horse could be saddled in minutes and Sarah could be gone. She inspected fields more often than any other planter in the Low Country, she looked into the health of her workers on a regular basis, and if that failed to take up enough time, she wandered along the river bank. Alone, standing on the stump of the live oak that had been cut up into planks for the USS Constellation, Sarah read her personal correspondence in absolute privacy. No prying eyes would see the pages that were sent by Armand du Marais, the letters a mixture of cool business and burning lust.
Not sure if the randy Mr. Robinson might be waiting for her, Sarah rode out from the riverbank to the apple orchard, where French apples would one day sprout from trees grown from seeds that were carried out of a bedroom in Paris. She examined a branch that brushed her arm, searching for fruit spurs that would burst into white blossoms in a matter of months. The days would pass, she would grow old; her children would one day eat the apples and never know how this particular variety came to be planted at Riverside. These trees would remain here, but where would she be in ten years time? Where would she be next year, for that matter?
While the servants carried on with the raucous party that would not end for another day, she slipped into the plantation office and made straight for her desk, unlocking the secret compartment where she kept her most private papers. She reached for a stack of letters that were bound together with powder blue ribbon, to put Armand’s latest missive with all the rest. Her fingers touched the thinnest pile, tied up in indigo blue grosgrain, but she would not resurrect a memory that would only break her heart. Sarah closed up the compartment, putting the past to sleep for another day.

* * * * *

With an emerald on her finger and emeralds dangling from her ears, Sarah was discreetly adorned for what she thought of as her second debut. In the drawing room of the plantation’s big house she greeted her guests on the first day of the new year. Like any good hostess, she made introductions and kept an ear open for unpleasant or heated conversation, while avoiding pursuit by a dull gentleman who had worn out one wife and sought a replacement.
“This Bonaparte fellow has the markings of a new king,” Paul Gaillard said to Mr. Pinckney, using a tone that suggested a shouting match on the verge of exploding.
“Seeking comfort in old habits,” Sarah put in like a cooling draft. “I have heard recently from Captain du Marais, one of our old allies. He expressed a certain disappointment in The Directory, that they are unable or unwilling to rein in their Little Corporal.”
“Will we feel the same, do you think, if the negroes take to heart the roar of the French rabble and try their own revolution?” Mr. Pinckney asked. “It’s enough to make any man a Federalist.”
“Remarkable, Tom, that you could speak and not choke on your own words,” Paul said. “As I’ve said many times, there is a fine line between the rights of man and the chaos of mob rule. The French, however, had sense enough to build up their navy and where, may I ask, is our wooden wall?”
“Not worth the paper it’s printed on, our Proclamation of Neutrality,” Pinckney snorted.
The topic was changed and Sarah’s work was done in one corner of the drawing room. A footman interrupted, just as the conversation was taking a very interesting turn. A French privateer had to see Mrs. Beauchamp on a matter of urgency, and Sarah hurried off to the plantation office. Her caller was the master of the ship that successfully delivered Beauchamp rice to Toulon, breaking the British blockade and earning every bit of his exorbitant fee.
“Forgive me for intruding, Madame, but I must get under weigh with the tide,” Mr. Verrier said. “The pickings have been most lucrative in the sea lanes to the south and you are directly touched.”
“Are you bringing bad news, Mr. Verrier?” Sarah asked. She waved him to a seat near the fire which was now burning too low to provide much heat.
“The bad news will be delivered to the owners of the British merchantman that I captured and sold at auction this past week,” he said. “She was carrying a package that was addressed to you, and I have come to deliver it personally.”
Verrier refused any compensation, citing a long-standing business relationship that brought him more than enough reward. Using the fire poker, Verrier pried open the wooden crate and then stood back while Sarah plunged her hands into the mounds of excelsior. She pulled out a bundle of tightly wrapped rags, which were used to protect a delicate coffee pot. The box gave up its contents, piece by piece, as Sarah unwrapped a complete coffee service that was decorated with sprigs of ivy and dotted with pink camellias.
“Shipped out of Kingston, if that helps you to uncover the admirer who sent it,” Verrier said.
With a house full of guests, Sarah had no time to ponder. She put the service back in the box, planning to wash the pieces herself rather than entrust them to the clumsy hands of the scullery maids. Before she let the privateer leave, she asked about the situation in the West Indies, to better gauge shipping prospects for the future. What Verrier told her had to be repeated to all the planters assembled in the drawing room. Bonaparte was re-positioning his forces, shifting a large portion of his navy into the Mediterranean, to take on the Turks and capture the Ottoman Empire. The French colonies in the Antilles were at the mercy of the Royal Navy, and so were the American merchants.
“Many more ships are being constructed,” Verrier said, as if he needed reassurance that his government would find a way to protect his livelihood.
“Military campaigns are good for business,” Sarah said. Armies of men marching across Austria could not be tending their farms at the same time. Demand for rice and wheat would drive prices up, to the benefit of any factor who could get his goods into a French port. “Although you face a greater risk. The British will redouble their efforts to shut off France from all trade.”
“Then I sail for France, to feed my people,” Verrier said, closing out the conversation with a courtly bow.
Sarah brushed a strand of excelsior from the front of her dress. The coffee set was far too expensive to have come from Beck. A friend or relative would have asked after the gift if Sarah never acknowledged it, and no one had asked her if she had received a package from Kingston. Armand knew that she only drank coffee, and Armand was sailing in the Caribbean. He was a clever man, clever enough to find a way to get a crate onto a British merchant ship leaving Kingston and making for Charleston, where the port was densely guarded by the Royal Navy. As she plucked another scrap of excelsior from her wrist, Sarah’s eye caught a flash of green from the emerald ring on her right hand. To be remembered was almost as sweet as the romance had been.

* * * * *

Past success in the Channel was beginning to pay off for Jack. He was on his way up the ranks, promoted to Vice-Admiral in the West Indies station as a reward for outlasting the French navy and their notorious prisons. He thumbed through the latest edition of the Gazette in the Kingston book shop, proudly noting the columns of print given over to his exploits, another French privateer captured and British shipping secured in the West Indies. At this rate, he could see a day when all of the sugar islands were flying British colors, with all their wealth in English hands. Pity that Bonaparte had turned his attention to the Ottoman Turks, because that was where the glory would lie in the near future. It was unlikely that Jack would be given a new post when he was needed elsewhere.
The book dealer tapped the headline when Jack set the paper on the counter with his other purchases. “Our gratitude to you, Your Lordship. Unfortunate that you were not cruising further north at the time.”
“Another convoy attacked?” Jack asked.
“The Monmouth Queen was captured. Carrying your cargo up to Charleston, I’m sorry to be informing you.”
“My cargo was carried on to Charleston, of that you can rest assured, and auctioned off at the docks,” Jack said.
“We have better luck with goods shipping out of New York, I’ve been told,” the shop keeper said. “They are rather fond of the French in the southern colonies.”
“They are a very frivolous people in Charleston, sir, given over to luxury and sloth.” An image of Etienne Beauchamp came to mind at once, lounging in a wing-back chair in a barrister’s office. Better to picture him as he was now, hosting a cache of plump worms on his moldering bones.
There was an end to the coffee set that he had spent hours selecting. Some other dowdy frump in South Carolina was enjoying the fine bone china, purchased on the cheap by someone who was equally culpable in dishonest thievery. As for the letters that he was shipping with the gift, he was sure that those were pulp on the bottom of the ocean by now, pitched overboard by a pirate with an eye for valuables and no time to waste with private correspondence. Better on the bottom of the ocean, of course, than opened by a French privateer who would laugh himself sick over the contents. Jack congratulated himself for wisely failing to sign with his full name, thus avoiding the humiliation of having his love letters broadcast up and down the Atlantic seaboard.
French piracy was playing havoc with the mail. Correspondence with Stephen was hampered, to the point that Jack had no idea which ship the boy might have taken home from England. Jack’s plans to escort the ship, to bring Stephen aboard to sail together, was upended. With no guidance, he cruised the limits of his station off the Hampton Roads and lingered near Wilmington in North Carolina, on the off-chance that he could intercept the convoy, but he was sailing blind. In turn, that led to an episode of ridiculous mooning, looking into Charleston Bay like some love-besotted courtier awaiting a glimpse of his princess. All that daydreaming distracted him from noticing a French ship of the line sailing north along the coast, and so he lost the chase from the start. He accomplished little more beyond providing a display of futility to the merchant ships crossing the bar as he ordered his squadron to prepare for battle, only to reverse himself when he realized his adversary was long gone. It was a relief to make port and collect himself.
Settled into a post chaise headed for Port Royal, Jack leaned against the upholstery, his new collection of sailing manuals perched on his lap. Once he had read through them he would forward the books to Stephen, so that the boy could put his time to better use than studying whatever dry tomes might be foisted upon a young man who was meant for the sea. Jack sniffed the air, taking note of the subdued tang of dampness and rot that was Jamaica’s signature scent. Along the road to Fort Charles, he closed his eyes and pictured Charleston in September, muggy and close, with the promise of perfect sailing weather ahead. His charts slid on the bench and Jack reached over to stop their fall. Charts would tell him where to steer his ship, but what maps existed to tell a man where to go? Where was the compass that pointed to the future, to the route that he had been on fifteen years ago?
The boatswain piped the admiral aboard and Jack felt the HMS Intrepid tell him that she was eager to weigh anchor, to pursue the enemy and make use of the powder and shot that filled her hold. She knew of his orders, just as he felt the thrill that vibrated her planks. Once under weigh, the flying squadron would interrupt any and all shipping bound for France or her island colonies. Even now, the strong of back were at the capstan, the anchor chain rattling in the hawsers, while the rigging was alive with men loosing the sheets. A second cruise as a vice-admiral, a second chance to find Armand du Marais; the ship creaked with joy, freed of its mooring. Jack planted his feet on his quarterdeck, steadied his swaying body on the planks of Carolina oak, and folded his hands behind his back. “A fine day for sailing, Mr. Thomas,” he said to his flag captain.
“The finest day, indeed, your lordship,” Mr. Thomas replied.
“New intelligence,” he said. “Rumor of a merchant fleet leaving Charleston and bound for Toulon.”
“The ships are as good as ours,” the flag captain declared.



NINETEEN

A mad gallop over miles of Riverside paths, leaps over hedgerows and swipes under low slung branches had done nothing to cool Sarah’s temper. Her morning at home had been infuriating, and all she had to show for the afternoon was a mud-splattered riding frock and a pounding headache. How dare Paul Gaillard play matchmaker for his insolent neighbor. And how dare that insolent neighbor lecture her on proper behavior? Sarah applied the riding crop to the gelding that could not possibly run any faster, then added a jab with her heels to win a race that existed in her mind.
Piles of papers waited for her, hours of work that never ended no matter how early she rose or how late she retired. The farms, the factor, the household; there was more than one person could handle but she was the master of all until Ethan came of age. During the height of the season, she had the added duties of Charleston society’s reigning monarch, hosting parties and making introductions and suggesting potential matches. To think that she had once wished for all this madness only made Sarah more angry at the world and the entire Low Country.
“Why do they insist on putting me through it as well?” she asked the lathered horse. “Imbeciles and fortune hunters and, and arrogant bastards.”
Letters to be answered, orders to be placed, requests for payments to be made, but Sarah was in no mood to compose a civil sentence. Beck had welcomed another child, her fifth, and here was Sarah, alone and abandoned and overwhelmed by it all. The spring planting had gone smoothly, but part of last year’s crop had been confiscated by the French as contraband meant for England. The indigo that was meant for France was seized by England, and so the debts mounted, another worry for a mother with too many worries to count. The keys of the pianoforte would be the next object to take the brunt of Sarah’s frustration.

* * * * *

Under the cover of an early morning fog, Jack ordered his barge launched. The crew was told that they were going to reconnoiter the mouth of the Ashley and its course into the rice lands upriver, to gain evidence of privateers or obtain intelligence on possible safe harbors. In time with every stroke of the oars, the fog drifted away, until the shoreline was visible and the slaves working the rice beds could stop and stare at the foreign boat with its foreign flag. “We hardly constitute an invasion,” Jack grumbled to himself. The element of surprise was thoroughly evaporated.
The scenery had changed somewhat since the last time Jack had cruised these waters. Where the houses once appeared bedraggled and sad, there was now evidence of restored wealth in the fresh paint and manicured gardens. The wake of the barge beat rhythmically against the rice bed floodgates that dotted the riverbank, an endless string of doors closed against the lowering tide. The levees and dikes that formed the beds were shaped and tended, unlike the tumbled down banks that were the hallmark of the abandoned plantation in 1780. The traffic of commerce crowded the Ashley, a congestion that Jack did not remember from the war years. Bends in the river were unchanged, but what came up behind those bends was slightly altered, as if Jack was recalling a dream that did not quite match reality.
He thought that he would recognize the house straight away, calling to mind particular contours or colors that he had engraved like a holy vision. Even his memory failed him, because the coxswain had to ask a passing pirogue for directions to Riverside Plantation. A sailor tied the barge to a pier, but Jack was not entirely certain that they had come to the right place at all. The house at the end of the walk was larger, and of a slightly different shape, while the colors in the garden were far more vibrant than Jack was expecting. Like so many other lost dreams, he put his memory of Riverside away and prepared to accept this new reality.
A little girl dashed down the garden path towards him, her hair plaited in tight rows that were woven with a rainbow of bright ribbons. “You got Miss Maddie, there, sir?” she asked. The child curtsied as she craned her neck around Jack’s long legs, trying for a better view of the barge and its cargo.
“No. Miss Maddie is not with me,” Jack said. For the first time in months, his face cracked into a smile. “Are you perhaps expecting her?” 
“Yes, sir,” the girl said, but she dashed back to the house before Jack had a chance to ask another question.
Left on his own, he started up the crushed shell path, aware of the gardeners staring at him as if he were a mythical creature or a monster. Three men and one woman, with hoes and shears held firmly in their hands, stood erect and wary, not unlike a crew that was getting its first glimpse of a new captain. At the edge of the garden, under the shade of an oak tree that Jack recalled as a sapling, a cluster of people hovered around a peddler, their noise and chatter growing hushed as the admiral’s coat came into view. The tray of needles, pin and buttons glittered in the morning sun while all eyes followed Jack’s every step.
At the side of the house, a forest of white, a sea of clean sheets waved in the breeze and Jack inhaled the soapy smell of fresh laundry. The sounds of the country began to reach his ears: a cow lowed, milk buckets rattled, a chicken squawked. A woman shouted out to a child, a threat to “whoop it off’n ya” while snatches of song mingled with the laughter of mischief. The sea could be thousands of miles away from this place, so isolated from his world did it seem. No threat of war, no guns, no swords, just peace.
As soon as he set foot on the first step and looked up, Jack recognized the covered porch, the tall windows and the front door with its fan light and wide side lights. Having gained his bearings, he was better able to determine what had changed about the house, which sported an addition that doubled the original size. A woman working a broom stepped aside as the visitor made straight for the door. From the corner of his eye, he could see that she, too, had abruptly halted her sweeping so that she could stare at the stranger.
The double doors, made of carved cypress that suggested a light delicacy rather than heavy lumber, were held open by matching upholstered chairs, one of which was occupied by the world’s oldest footman. Long spindly limbs clad in indigo blue livery sprawled across the opening, while a toothless mouth hung open as if Methuselah were catching flies in his sleep. Before he reached the door, Jack’s foot touched a creaking floorboard and the servant’s eyes fluttered open.
For the first time, Jack strode into the foyer as a guest, rather than the thief he had once been. Another footman relieved him of his hat and gloves, while the old man proffered a silver plate, waiting for the gentleman’s calling card. Nearby, a woman who sported a heavy chatelaine dangling from her waist was removing spent flowers from a vase that rested on an inlaid table in the center of the entry. Jack had no doubt that she examined him thoroughly, but whether or not she recognized him after all these years, he could not judge.
“The music room,” the housekeeper said to the somewhat addled footman, who then shuffled away down a corridor.
Jack felt the cold glare before he saw it over his shoulder. Through an open door that led to the drawing room, he spotted the oil-painted visage of Etienne Beauchamp, smirking with self-satisfaction from the far wall. A half- smile was directed at the naval officer, a mark of triumph from the old goat who had beaten the young fool. It was a smug leer that held Jack in place, a permanent reminder that another man’s name was forever affixed to Jack’s son with a mark of ownership that was unchanging and irreversible. Etienne had it all, his portrait proclaimed, and the former lieutenant had absolutely nothing.
Turning away, Jack came to face another portrait from another era that had passed by without him. Framed by the pergola and its heavy bower of bougainvillea was Sarah as he had last seen her, clad in white muslin like a soft cloud. Stephen was leaning against her leg, displeased to be made to stand still, while Ethan with golden curls floating on an artist’s imagined breeze sat contentedly on Sarah’s lap. Her green eyes sparkled with the joy of motherhood, her hand resting on Stephen’s slight shoulder, holding him close because one day he would leave her side to become his own man. And preserved in canvas and paint for all time was the pergola where Jack had kissed her and swore to return, the delicate structure glowing in the picture like a blazing shrine to his innumerable missteps.
He had to see if the pergola still stood in the garden, with twining branches and gaudy flowers mocking him upon his return that was far too late. Back on the porch, he could easily tell that the gardens were re-configured and the pergola was gone, either rotted away or removed like some unwanted burden. The servant who was sweeping the steps looked at him, as if he was a superfluous interloper that she would scatter away with the rest of the dust. His choice was to return to the foyer, where he would have to wait with all the memories that hung on the walls, or go in the opposite direction. He strolled to the end of the porch and thought that he heard a pianoforte playing. Better to follow his ears than face the past; Jack walked around the corner and continued along the walkway, the tones of a funereal composition growing louder. Sheer fabric fluttered from open windows where the music originated, the curtains brushing the tops of his shoes as he stopped to listen.
The song was profoundly sad, yet the volume betrayed an annoyed vehemence that suggested Miss Sarah was beating the piano mercilessly. In the event that her pique was being directed at his calling card, Jack stood near the window and rubbed his medals of office with his sleeve, to put a gloss on his accomplishments. He was back, he might declare, no longer an impoverished lieutenant but a wealthy gentleman of prestige and social standing. In essence, his apparel reflected his worth, and let Mr. Mahon see him now, festooned with sash and ribbons, a vice-admiral’s pendant flapping from the mainmast of his ship. Jack Ashford was returned, a most suitable partner for the trampled upon liberty flower.
The footman was not yet in the room, Jack noticed, when he peaked through the open window. His view was limited and he could not see Sarah, but her many reflections created a moving image in the pier glasses that showed her from every angle. The walls were papered in a rich blue that was embossed with gold fleur-de-lis, giving an impression of bright stage lights illuminating a scene that called for an actor to make his grand entrance. He heard a knock and guessed that his card was finally being presented. It was best to wait, to gauge Sarah’s reaction, before he presented himself.
“If Mr. Beresford is interested in renting the cotton gin he’s welcome to it and I am not in,” she said, never looking up from her music. “I’ve had enough of his company after last night.”
“No, Miss Sarah, not Mr. Beresford,” the servant said.
“Mr. Gibbes? Mr. Flagg?” she asked, her fingers skittering over the keys while Jack’s card sat, untouched, on the silver tray. 
“No gentleman from Charleston, ma’am.”
“A gentleman from Philadelphia, perhaps?”
“No, Miss Sarah. A gentleman from much farther away.”
“And I,” she said with testy emphasis, “am not in to any man who would like to run my life for me and correct my many mistakes and tell me how to raise my children and conduct my business.”
Jack was furious when the footman left the room without pressing his mistress to at least read the card. The old man was not so senile that he did not recognize a Royal Navy officer, and that scrap of information should have been reported to Miss Sarah at once. She had hinted at it, indeed, Jack had no doubt that she had asked, after a fashion, for something that would make her want to see this unknown guest. Instead, silver tray and silver haired footman retreated as slowly as they had arrived, while Sarah continued her solitary concert.
Behind him, Jack heard the scratch of the broom on the porch floor, as if the maid were sneaking around to spy on him under the guise of working. The choice now was to turn around and look ridiculous, because he was doing a fair share of spying himself, or he could commit the grave error of calling on a lady who was not at home to him. Another scrape and his mind was made up. Sarah was not at home to a man who wanted her for her fortune, and he had no interest in controlling her. In which case, she was very much at home to him.
He pulled the window down behind him, to gain a fragment of privacy from the sweeper who was sure to be listening. Startled, Sarah looked up and her mouth fell open, as if she was facing a ghost. “I was near by,” Jack stammered, waving his arm to indicate the Ashley and Charleston Bay and half of the Atlantic.
Still she did not move, her hands resting on the keys like she had frozen solid in the middle of a measure. If she was waiting for him to explain the purpose of his visit, this was the prime moment, before he lost the last remnants of his courage or she regained her senses and screamed.
In his mind, he saw the music room at Farthingmill Abbey but it melted into this music room at Riverside and it made no difference where he really was. For years he had harbored a dream of coming home from sea, to find Sarah engaged in some womanly activity, and the dream was reality at this place and time. In a few strides he crossed the floor and pulled her into his arms, kissing her with so much force that she gasped when their lips finally parted.
Four hands worked feverishly to remove his coat and undo dozens of buttons. Sarah was remarkably nimble, her thin fingers twisting and tugging in a perfumed haze of mad lust demanding to be satisfied. Before he could puzzle out his next move he was on the floor, rolling under the pianoforte with the carefree abandon of a randy plowman in a newly mown field. Silently, Jack praised the French for their sensible fashions, for the elimination of the cumbersome corset and bulky petticoats that were erased with the introduction of the Greek style. He had only to lift Sarah’s thin gown to her waist and she was available to him. Life could not possibly be any more wonderful than this. She sighed his name, a murmur that spoke of the sailor’s wife, delighted with her husband’s return. If God had chosen to take him at that moment, Jack would have died the happiest of men.
Panting with exhaustion, Jack flopped onto his back and Sarah turned with him, giggling over the indecency of his breeches bunched around his knees and the curtains wide open for all to see inside. She grabbed at the roll of flab that had begun to bulge around his middle, a sure sign that his physique was showing its age. “More than restored to health, Mr. Ashford,” she said. “Mrs. Powell’s cook must have won your heart.”
“Mrs. Powell’s daughters are uncommonly accomplished at badgering a man until he is as stuffed as a goose,” Jack retorted. “You look well, my dear.”
Sarah could not help but laugh at the ridiculous scene they presented. Her clothes were crushed and disheveled, she was sprawled under her piano, and who would ever expect a proper Charleston matron to be so accommodating to a gentleman caller? For years, she had not thought of Jack or wondered what he was doing, and she could not quite believe that she had lost control of her senses the minute she heard his voice again. “Is this the extent of your call?” she asked, tugging her stockings back into place.
Jack tucked his shirt into his breeches and concentrated on the buttons, “I, that is, my excuse. My reason for calling. My stores. Personal. They think, and of course, we are scouting.”
“I only ask if you will be staying so that I can have a room made ready.” A feeling of complete contentment enveloped her, unlike anything she had ever felt with her husband and surprisingly different from the release she found with Armand.
He shrugged into his heavy coat, felt around his neck to see if his stock was still intact, and then bowed. “Present accommodations have proved more than adequate. But no, I cannot stay, Sarah. My crew is waiting at your pier.”
A crew of randy sailors and her crew of obedient laundresses were not to be mixed. With little more than a brief glimpse in the mirror to determine that her hair was somewhat in place, Sarah lifted the sash and called to the servant who was lazily brushing dead leaves from the piazza. “Go quick now. Tell Mrs. Gilhooly to provide the sailors at the pier with a little supper and she’s to clear all the girls away from the river.” When the worker froze, not sure what to do with the broom, Sarah took it from her and told her again to hurry. “After you tell her all that, you tell her to come see me.”
Sarah’s head was still reeling, so shocked was she to have Jack Ashford appear in her music room when he was exactly what she needed, even though she had not known she needed a man’s intimate touch until he was stroking the inside of her thighs. She turned back to him, thousands of questions swirling about unspoken, when he reached into the breast pocket of his coat and removed a miniature portrait that she had forgotten about. He cradled it in his large hand, the image of an innocent young girl who had no idea that her future held none of her childish dreams. Tied to a loop in the frame was a blue grosgrain ribbon that crumbled into threads as Jack pulled it open to release a gold ring.
He took her left hand and tried to slide the narrow band onto her ring finger, but the ring was too small to clear a knuckle that had expanded over the course of five pregnancies. As unaware of reality as ever, Jack was stunned that the ring no longer fit, if indeed it ever had. His heart was breaking as he let her hand go and the ring was swallowed up in his clenched fist. “They conspired against us,” he mumbled. “Even God Himself.”
She never could see him hurting, to witness his suffering. Her hand on his was not enough reassurance or comfort. Sarah laid the broom on the floor and grabbed his sleeve. “Come on, now, jump with me.”
“Sarah, don’t mock me,” he said.
“Jack Ashford, you take my hand and jump over this broom.”
On the verge of pouting, he did as she ordered. “My intentions are clear,” he said. “Will you pledge your heart to me once again?”
“We’re as good as married, Mr. Ashford.” She picked up the broom and put it next to the hearth, the fragments of dried grosgrain tangled in the bristles providing the only decoration. “On my plantation, we are husband and wife.”
The storm that was brewing in his black eyes lifted as abruptly as it arose. Jack expressed his new-found joy by hugging Sarah so powerfully that he lifted her off her feet, spinning her around while he kissed her again. A light tap at the door put an end to any further celebration.
“Mrs. Gilhooly, I shall have a guest for dinner today,” she said, keeping a level tone so that a new line of gossip would not erupt in the servants’ quarters. “Captain Ashford has a list of supplies; I shall send Sanusi to see Mr. Eaton about them after we have dined. A stroll around the plantation, Captain? Mrs. Powell will ask you to describe every detail when you return to England.”
When they reached the garden, Jack gazed wistfully at the spot where the pergola once stood, so deep in thought that he lost the thread of the conversation and lapsed into silence. Sarah gave his arm a comforting squeeze. “It was not built to withstand the assault of young boys pretending it was mizzen shrouds to be scaled.”
“When do you expect their return?” he asked. “I could take up a station off Virginia and escort them to the harbor.”
“We’re spending the sickly season in Newport this year. Stephen and Ethan will stay in Boston and accompany my brother and his family. My sister and her new husband. Maddie and me. We’ll have quite a menagerie.” Their walk took them along an old path that Sarah had since planted with rhododendron and azalea, taming a wild area that maintained its natural appearance. As if seven years did not separate their last meeting, they chatted comfortably. A mention of the boys perhaps abandoning their education in England had Jack arguing the opposite, that the Atlantic sea lanes were not as dangerous as rumored. Stephen and Ethan would be done a disservice, to deprive them of the finest schooling for the sake of overblown reports that held little substance. He forgot what he was saying when Sarah skipped ahead and jumped onto the stump of the oak tree.
“It is much changed, I only now recall that I was here, on this very spot, on that day. But the tree? Did God send a bolt of lightening?” he asked. 
“We dispatched the wood cutters,” she said. Feeling happy, as light as a breeze, Sarah took a few dance steps and spun around the stump. “If the War Department ever completes construction, my beloved tree shall sail the seven seas as the USS Constellation. Commanded by Thomas Truxtun, a fellow Huguenot, I might add, or I would never have agreed. Thirty-six guns, according to the shipwright’s plans.”
Jack’s brow furrowed slightly, but Sarah was not sure if he was concerned about the United States forming a navy, or he was as sorry to see the tree gone as she was. She could explain, perhaps, that she used to pretend she was sailing when she climbed up into the tall branches, and the fact that the imaginary ship was becoming real helped ease the pain. The flooding sunlight where once there was shade did not bring her any happiness, she might tell him all that, but she would sound like a very foolish woman and she was not at all foolish.
Over a light repast of the previous night’s left-over duck, now revisited as a stew, Sarah spoke of her children, like any other proud mother. Jack listened to her, even agreed on some issues, but she could sense that they were not entirely of one mind. If he wished to express his feelings, she would do him the courtesy of hearing him out, but she had no intention of changing course merely to please him. She owed him nothing, beyond deep gratitude for his sexual prowess.
They did not lack for topics, as the conversation flowed without ceasing until Mary Gilhooly announced that the captain’s provisions were loaded and his men were waiting. Jack tossed the last of his wine down his throat and rose, as if he were leaving a business engagement at his London club. Only after Mary left the room did he take Sarah in his arms and kiss her good-bye like a proper husband going away for an extended trip.
“And so I am returned to sea, my lady,” he said.
“Off to your next port, sir, and your other wife?” she asked.
“My next port would be Charleston, in that case,” he replied. “When I return, then, Sarah, will you still be mine?”
“There will never be any other, Jack. Never.”
From the discreet distance of the piazza she watched him march down the walk, shoulders set with pride. He took a seat in his barge, which was riding perilously low in the water under the weight of eggs, hams, cheeses, chickens, pigs and several bottles of French brandy. Jack had set the stage and was now completing the role, pretending to be a captain come ashore to replenish his stores, but he carried Sarah’s scent and every man on the barge knew by now that their commander had been with a woman. She waved good-bye with her handkerchief and watched the men shove off, but her mind was already moving ahead to the next week, when she would inspect the cotton fields in Colleton County. Maddie needed some new frocks for their sojourn in Newport and the seamstress would have to be coaxed into finishing ahead of her usual schedule. Richard was insistent that she take care of some legal business within the next few days before she forgot about the documents again. Sarah had no time for courting and she had no time whatsoever for husbands.



TWENTY

“What say you? A fine day for sailing, is it not?”
Jack examined the horizon, sharing his opinion of the weather with a gull that perched on the wall of the naval base. A warm October sun was skimming the Caribbean, awakening the local roosters who were quick to agree with the vice-admiral’s assessment. It was a superb day that was dawning.
The letter from Sarah that had arrived yesterday made a lie of her earlier threat to never write to him again if he continued to address her as Mrs. John Ashford. Have you any idea, she wrote, before she described in detail the turmoil that had erupted when the first letter appeared shortly after she returned from Newport. Gossip and supposition flooded the Low Country, it had been a nightmare and it had to stop at once, she had said in August, but he sent her another and here she was replying. How could she not, after all, when she felt duty-bound to keep him informed of Stephen’s meanderings? Then too, she had to make it perfectly clear that she was far too pressed for time these days to even consider traveling to England as both he and Beck requested. With flawless logic, she pointed out that she was closer to him if she remained in Charleston than if she were thousands of miles away in London, so it made no sense for her to go anywhere except Jamaica if they were to accomplish anything. However, she was not going to travel to Jamaica, either, should he think she was implying such a thing.
As if he could see her if he pointed his glass to the northeast, Jack peered from the watch tower while replaying the rest of Sarah’s words in his head. He pictured her drawing room where she held her salon on Thursday afternoons, but all he could imagine were dozens of Etienne Beauchamps scattered about the space, each one arguing vociferously about trade with England and trade with France, neutrality, the abysmal failure of the Directory, and the utter immorality of the British Royal Family. England has few friends in Charleston, she had written, and Jack could take from her accounting of the salons what might be of service to him.
“My apologies, Lord Bransmore, for disturbing you, but I wished to extend my heartfelt gratitude,” a voice broke through Jack’s reverie.
“You are sailing today?” Jack said. He stuffed Sarah’s letter into his coat pocket. “A fine day for sailing, sir.”
“A fine day, indeed,” Captain Nelson replied.
“No need to thank me,” Jack continued. “You are one of our most clever commanders, sir, and your skills are much needed in the Mediterranean. Conditions have changed. If not for Bonaparte’s capture of Malta, I would have kept you here in the West Indies. You are setting sail because you can do more good elsewhere.”
“He takes Naples, Austria, Malta,” Nelson said. “He moves on the Ottoman Turks. Once he controls the European continent, he will attack England.”
“We are hardly protected by the Channel should our wooden wall crumble,” Jack said. “And if he is successful in invading Ireland, we are faced with another front for his army of invasion. You are charged with bottling up his navy, Captain, and it is no easy task that has been given to you.”
In silence, the two officers watched a flock of birds hover noisily over a convoy of merchant ships, hoping for the previous evening’s slops. A gull sailed straight down and snatched something from the water before flying away, only to be madly pursued by its greedy fellows. Jack had tossed crumbs of hard tack to the begging gulls many times, grateful for their presence and their assurance that land was near. He took the sight of gulls as a positive omen, a promise that his fleet would triumph in battle.
“Lady Bransmore, is she well?” Nelson said. “Will she return to England soon?”
Gossip around the naval base at Port Royal was the prime sport, and Jack’s foray up the Ashley River had become so twisted that he was compelled to inform his superiors that he had called upon his wife to obtain much needed supplies and whatever information she had been able to glean from her neighbors. There were some at the base, like Captain Nelson, who did not entirely believe the truth, but the gentleman’s views were colored by a distorted lens that was fashioned by his mistress, the notorious Mrs. Hamilton.
“Until the French fleet is confined to their home ports, sir, I cannot recommend that my most precious possession be cast upon the Atlantic,” Jack said. He clasped his hands behind his back and willed his temper to cool. “She is duty-bound to safeguard the well-being of her children’s interests, and I am duty-bound to be a proper guardian to them. Until her sons have come of age, we must both consider their future and delay our time together. Selfish of me to do otherwise.”
“When we discussed our plan of operation, your lordship, I could not help but recall our unpleasant experiences in the Hampton Roads,” Nelson said.
“We learned some lessons there, didn’t we?” Jack said. “This time, it will be His Majesty’s fleet that will seal the French in their port, and it will be the French Army confined to the land, with no hope of supplies. You were there, as was I, and we both came away from Yorktown with a bitter taste that has yet to leave our mouths.”
“Would that we could make the Americans see what we see in France. They’d deprive Bonaparte of all sustenance. Instead they turn a blind eye to his cruelty and feed his army until their pockets are filled to overflowing with French gold.”
“My wife has assured me that we have few friends in Charleston.” Jack was impressed with his ability to think on his feet, to calculate and reason with amazing speed. He would turn the gossip and its chief monger on his ear. “Lady Bransmore has proven to be of great service to us. Far greater than if she were entertaining in London. You will, of course, maintain this confidence? She laughs at risk, the dear woman, but if it were known that she was my agent.”
“Might there be hope of her convincing President Washington to build some semblance of a navy? And then forming an alliance?” Nelson chuckled over his improbable scenario. For a nation of merchants, they did precious little to protect their shipping.

* * * * *

His mind was elsewhere as he sat at his desk, signing documents. Jack’s clerk slid papers from left to right, a sheaf of orders or strategies or letters of introduction that were a vice-admiral’s daily menu. He should have focused all his attention on the work, but Jack could not attend fully to the King’s business until he had settled one personal issue that had been gnawing at him for months.
“Recent word from our American consulate, your lordship,” Mr. Dunning said as he removed another document from under Jack’s nose. “Renewed activity in the Harris Creek shipyard.”
“So they mean to build themselves a little navy after all,” Jack said. He spread a fresh sheet of paper on his desk, studied its blankness, and then reached for a sharpened quill. He paused, absent-minded, and scraped the nib on the edge of the ink well. As Sarah had told him, an American navy was planned, and that navy would be in need of competent officers to command ships. The British Navy would be best served with friendly faces in the captains’ cabins of those new warships. The time to test Sarah’s vow had come to this moment, when Jack would make a decision as her husband and the guardian of her family’s interests. “A young man could not do better than to be there at the beginning of such an enterprise. An opportunity to shape the service in his own likeness,” he said.
Dunning took the finished letter, ready for sealing and mailing. “Thomas Truxtun, sir? Of the United States Navy?” he asked after reading the address.
“A character reference from a British admiral may not impress, Mr. Dunning, but it will make the man sit up and take notice.”
The rice basket that sat on Jack’s desk had been filled with fresh strawberries when Sarah gave it to him, but he used it now to hold all of his personal correspondence. Letters from Tony, advice from Beck on the wooing and winning of a certain widow’s heart, and the infrequent memo from Stephen were now joined by a new letter from Sarah, arriving at last at Fort Charles after a long journey.
Chatty and intimate, her prose had all the marks of a mature woman who appreciated his suggestion that all further correspondence be sent unlabeled to Riverside Plantation, saving him the need to use a name he loathed and saving Sarah the need to explain who Mrs. John Ashford was. Her letters were a bridge that straddled their years apart, with reports on Maddie’s uncommon skill in drawing and the master who claimed she could become an accomplished artist if given sufficient training. A paragraph or two about Stephen’s studies and Ethan’s easy grasp of mathematics implied that Jack was part of this family, had always been a part of it, and the gaps in his knowledge were no different than Tony Powell’s experiences. Both sailors, both deprived of the simple pleasures of domestic life, and here on the pages of Sarah’s letter was a marriage that played out in glimpses, like columns of print in the Gazette.
Jack reached over without looking and picked up a cup of coffee, steaming hot and sweet in the Charleston style. He sipped without tasting; his attention was drawn to a message from Tony. A rumor was circulating through the Mediterranean fleet, originating from some highly credible sources. Having failed to invade Ireland in the previous year, Bonaparte was going to try it again, to gain a foothold in the British islands and open up a new front in his war of world conquest. The name of Black Jack Ashford, Lord Bransmore, had been heard whispered in the corridors of the Admiralty, the man to stop Bonaparte in his tracks. They had granted Jack an admiral’s commission for a very good reason.

* * * * *

The Second Thursday salon had been an absolute triumph for Sarah. Mrs. Manigault had scored some brilliant points when she debated the benefits of female emancipation, causing Mr. Woods to actually concede. As for Sarah, she had won a round with Mr. Gibbes, who ended up apologizing before declaring that he had never meant to imply that Mrs. Beauchamp was in any way wrong to consider sending her daughter to Boston for the purposes of obtaining an education more suited to a boy. If only the dowdy old widower had been satisfied with his verbal apology, but he would go and show up at the house on Friday with his hat in hand, most humbly begging and acting like a man ready to snag a third wife. Take your regrets and throw them in the Ashley, and kindly follow them to the muddy bottom, she wanted to relay as her reply to his calling card. The last thing that Sarah needed was another withered prune to share her bed, and the last thing that she wanted that morning was to entertain one.
Driven from her home in an effort to avoid Mr. Gibbes yet again, Sarah walked through a steady drizzle to the stump of the oak tree near the river bank, still the best hiding place she had found at Riverside. Any other caller, male or female, would have been welcome to call on her, so long as no one pitched woo with sickeningly sweet ardor. As she looked back, she grumbled about presumptuous suitors who forced her to flee out of doors in bad weather and endanger her health. All she had wanted was a companion, someone with a gift of rhetoric or debate to lift the oppressive pall of loneliness that draped the big house on the Ashley. She would have gladly entertained the devil himself, the most notorious pirate or the most saintly holy man, if only to have callers who were not there to seek her hand in marriage and the Beauchamp fortune in their pocket.
All that effort to avoid one pesky neighbor resulted in a fierce head cold that kept them all away for days. Naomi’s bitter curative was foul, but it was proving to be effective, and Sarah was able to get out of bed and dress for a day of work. All her duties had piled up in the plantation office during a week’s illness; every difficulty with British press gangs kidnapping American sailors continued to exist without an easy solution, another shipment of rice was confiscated, and she had lost a potential client to a competitor. Nothing made her feel stronger than the need to roll up her lace-edges sleeves and get down to it, to beat off failure and prove to everyone that she could do as much, or more, than any man in the Low Country.
“The Admiral, Miss Sarah.”
She looked up in surprise, so engrossed in her tasks that Sarah never heard Sanusi knock or enter or shuffle across the floor. Without waiting to be invited, Jack strolled in with his typical confidence, a presumption that she would never deny him. She would not, of course, but this morning it was galling that he took her hospitality for granted. While Sarah ordered food and shelter for the barge crew and dinner for her honored guest, Jack stood with his back to the fireplace. A thin vapor lifted from his wet coat as he steamed comfortably, satisfied with the warmth of the fire once he had put another few logs on the hearth.
“You’ll have to get out of those things or you’ll catch your death,” Sarah said. “Sanusi, please inform Naomi that she is to build up the fire in my sitting room and warm a blanket.”
Servants liked to gossip, and Sarah had no intention of providing gristle that would be gnawed into a fine mince in the garret. With utter calm she led the way to her sitting room, taking the route through Etienne’s bedroom and pretending that she was looking for something that the Admiral might slip into until his clothes were dry. Jack followed along like the meekest lamb, without a word of protest as she shut the door and left him alone.
“That will be all, Naomi,” she said. “I am not to be disturbed. A convoy is leaving port within the week and I must learn where the British blockade is thinnest. I’ll not lose my rice again or leave the French to starve if I can help it.”
“I understand, Miss Sarah,” the most loyal of maids said. “No one will disturb you, ma’am.”
Sarah waited until Naomi’s footsteps had faded before she locked the bedroom door, to guarantee privacy. She went back to the sitting room and discovered a rather confused sailor standing motionless, still in his wet things, as if he could not get undressed without a valet to do the heavy lifting. A small puddle had gathered around Jack’s feet.
“Is this how our life will be, Jack?” she asked as she slipped his coat from his shoulders. Sarah started in on the buttons of his waistcoat, working around the aroma of soggy sheep that permeated every stitch. “You appear and disappear without warning.”
For an instant, Sarah caught her own reflection in his eye, a dull glint of pure loneliness that did not fade until he touched her cheek, to verify her reality. Jack never answered her question directly, but his kiss expressed the simple truth. This was the best that they could hope for at this particular time, and it was all that they ever would have had if their lives had played out as they had once hoped. Yet she was more than satisfied with the arrangement, a discreet tryst that eased the sting of her solitary life for a few hours. Her freedom was not trampled underfoot; Jack would return to his ship and she would resume her life with every day under her personal command. All the same, if she had but known he was coming, she would have worn a gown that was easier to remove than this particular confection that she was sewn into.
After they made love, Sarah rested in the comfort of his embrace, her head pressed to his chest to listen to his heart beating. He dozed off, woke himself up with his snoring, and then climbed out of bed. The luxury of time was not his to enjoy. “I should not be here,” he said, hugging his warm, dry shirt to his chest. “My men are up and down the coast near here, collecting information from the local populace.”
“And you sought to interview me?” Sarah asked. She turned her back to him so that he could tighten the laces of a dress that she was able to put on without Naomi’s help. “Very well, then, sir, you have beguiled me and bewitched me. What would you like to know? I can tell you without fear of contradiction that I have just passed the most exquisitely pleasant half hour. My blood tingles still.”
Jack greeted her comedy with an equally ridiculous bow. “Upon hearing of your satisfaction with an officer of His Majesty’s Royal Navy, the Prince Regent shall rejoice.” He squeezed his feet into shoes that were still damp. “Would you inform me if you knew of shipments headed to France or her possessions?”
“Good heavens, Jack, never. Turn on my neighbors? My relations? My own children?”
“Would you perhaps guide my ships to intercept a merchant convoy making for England so that it might sail under my protection?”
“What I can tell you is that ships leave Charleston harbor and carry on trade with the world. As do merchants of any sovereign nation.”
Sarah smiled, to cap the discussion and forestall an argument over free trade, which would damage anyone’s appetite. Chatter and gossip about the Powell brood was a safe subject and Sarah opened a new topic by asking after Captain Powell’s health. As if France was unavoidable, Jack elaborated on his friend’s new station in the Mediterranean, the latest front in an ongoing war that was catching America in its far-reaching grasp. The free trade issue was not only creating ill will between the United States and England, but it was leading to a war between two former allies. Only a formal declaration was needed to put the impotent United States into a full-fledged sea battle with France.
They sat down to a dinner that began with steaming bowls of oyster stew. Sarah heard more about Napoleon Bonaparte and The Directory than she cared for, but Jack wanted to get her impressions of the French people and their opinion about their newest hero. He valued every tidbit of information that she could put before him, gleaned from her extensive correspondence with French factors and her friends with ears in the halls of power. A footman served a roasted duck while another proffered a boat of orange sauce; Sarah had to turn Jack’s attention to the food because he was so engrossed in the discussion. She ate with gusto, enjoying a meal with the most interesting of company.
Jack leaned back in his chair, to better enjoy the sweetness of fresh butter on a warm slice of soft bread. “You continue to debate the wisdom of withdrawing your sons from Eton,” he said. “How can you deny them the benefits of so superior an education?”
“The benefits, my dear, hardly outweigh the risks.”
“Rising from bed has its risks, but surely you would not confine them to feather mattresses?”
He wanted details and he would have them, with nothing spared. “On their last voyage, my dearest Admiral, the merchant ship on which my sons were sailing was boarded by an English war party, as free as you please. Not looking for contraband, no indeed, as the ship had left a British port and never floated within hailing distance of French soil. All well and good, but the English assured the merchant master that he was harboring deserters from the King’s Navy on board his ship.”
“There are deserters serving on ships all over the world and my captains are well within their rights to reclaim a man who served the King.”
“Leaving the Nightingale dangerously shorthanded in the middle of the ocean,” Sarah said, slapping the table for emphasis. “My sons, and thank heavens that they are capable sailors. My two boys, Jack, pressed into service or that ship would be floundering even now.”
Ignoring the servants, testing again her reassurance that he was her husband within the boundaries of Riverside, Jack laid his hand gently on her arm. Sarah tensed, but made no effort to pull away. “What a grand adventure, my dear. Can you deny that they relished every minute of that experience?”
Sent aloft, exercised at the guns, and treated like able seamen; all of that had been reflected in Stephen’s letter. The boy may not have been so exuberant when he related the saga to his worrying mother, judging by the way Sarah simmered hotly. The children she had protected and nurtured were discovering the dangerous world that awaited them while a loving mother tugged at their collars lest they lose their balance. Even now, Stephen was preparing to make his escape from Sarah’s apron strings, to enlist in the United States Navy. Chances were, he had not thought to inform his mother because he considered himself a grown man with his own path to follow.
A bowl of orange slices drizzled with honey was set before him and Jack took advantage of the interruption to change the subject. “I dreamed of you last night,” he said. “Odd, how this one particular vision reappears from time to time.”
While Sarah took tiny bites of cheese, he described a scene that never failed to leave him at peace when he woke. Sarah’s hair was like golden seaweed in this recurrent scene, undulating on the surface of an impossibly blue-green sea, while her eyes glowed a phosphorescent green. Wait for me, Jack, she would say every time, and he would answer that he was not going anywhere. She reminded him that she had waited, and then she grew strident and demanded that he wait.
“I seem like a harridan,” Sarah said.
“Nothing of the sort. You are a spark in my dream, come to ignite me. Like the hot sun of Charleston at the end of the spring, and I would not wish for you to be any other way. This dream seems to come when I most need you. In fact, I first experienced it when I was in du Marais’s prison,” he said, but when Sarah began to choke he ended his story at once.
“Dreams are such nonsense,” she said after recovering her breath. “Have you enjoyed your dinner, my dear? Would you care to visit the gardens to see what I’ve done since your last visit?”
They walked around the grounds, not to smell the flowers but to get away from the ever-open ears of the servants. Jack was subtle but he was exerting pressure, to force Sarah to commit to marriage rather than carry on as they had been for almost two years. She was perfectly comfortable with an affair and preferred the casual nature of the arrangement. What more would she gain from marriage but a legal document and a new name? Through guile, charm and an ability to avoid the topic, Sarah managed to put off a decision that she had no great desire to make. Jack might have been willing to talk her into surrender, but he had to get back to his ship before dark and that put an end to the unpleasant business.
“I have some things for you,” she said, escorting him to the sewing room when he made a move to depart.
His head swiveled as they walked through the elegantly appointed rooms, displaying his keen interest in her surroundings. Moving past portraits of landscapes, horses and Beauchamp ancestors, Sarah conducted a brief tour in the hope that she might sway him to take up residence and forget about some dusty old house in England that he did not use. How much better life could be if he would resign his commission and take over the Beauchamp shipping fleet. Sarah would have to find a way to approach the idea and present it to him piece by piece in the letters that she wrote every week.
“You see how dutiful a wife I have been,” she said.
With an eye to a balanced load, she deposited three shirts and six pairs of cotton stockings in Jack’s arms. Sarah spread a set of bed curtains and a matching coverlet on the cutting table, to display the fanciful embroidery that she and Maddie had stitched on summer evenings. Vines and flowers surrounded an emblem that she had copied from the underskirt that had last been worn on the day she was jilted. A sheaf of rice done in golden brown silk was placed in the center of the coverlet, the stalks tied together with a flowing length of indigo blue ribbon. Whether or not Jack recalled the dress was unimportant. Sarah had chosen the motif because it held deep significance for her.
“The colors of our nations,” Jack said, touching the crossed flags that she had sewn at the four corners. “Allies. If only it were so.”
“Some day, Jack. When wise men like you gain the ears of the powerful.”
He folded his new clothes and the curtains into the coverlet, which Sarah bound together with a scrap of twine. All these years gone by, and their two nations were no closer together than they had been when the first shots were fired at Concord. Forgiveness was not always so easy to find and absolution was not always so easy to grant.



TWENTY-ONE

The arrival of a supply boat caused a stir at Riverside’s pier, but the arrival of a guest created an uproar that engulfed the entire house. Sarah knew that Jack was there before he reached the front door, and she was ready for him. She was not ready, however, for three sea chests and a long stay.
“Is your man with you, sir?” Sanusi asked, while six barefoot boys stared at the stranger whose luggage was in their care.
“No, traveling alone,” Jack said.
“Ezekiel will be able to tend to our visitor,” Sarah said. Turning to Jack, she added, “He was in training to attend Stephen, but my boy has no need of a valet now, does he, Mr. Ashford?”
The caravan made off for the bedrooms, as was the custom when someone dropped in for a visit. Jack stood in the foyer and smiled at Sarah, his smirk stolen from the cat that got the cream. In reply, she slapped a letter onto the table where a crystal vase stuffed with roses emitted a sweet aroma. To better gain his attention, she pounded her hand on the page, demanding that he look for himself.
“My dearest mother,” Jack read aloud. “How touching. Love and admiration, etc., etc. A fine letter, my dear. A clear composition.”
Jack’s impertinence was all the evidence that Sarah needed. “You dictated every word of this. I know your phrasing, my dear. You told him to ship out, didn’t you? You pushed him out of school and onto a war ship.”
He folded the letter and handed it back. “With the best of intentions, dearest.”
“How dare you insert yourself into my affairs? He is far too young.” 
“Fifteen? I know other men who went to sea at the same age.” 
“That was a lifetime ago,” Sarah countered. “This is a very different world, sir, a radically altered world.”
“All the more reason to accept his decision," Jack said, “his own decision, to embark on his  career. No man learned the art of naval warfare while sitting in a classroom.”
“Let me show you to your room,” Sarah said. It would never do to argue in the foyer when servants liked to hide behind doors.
Like the most passive puppy, Jack followed behind, admiring the sway of Sarah’s rump as she ascended the graceful curve of the staircase. Shown to a spacious room, he supervised the young man who began to unpack the trunks without being asked, as if the servant did this sort of thing every day of the week. Jack wandered to an open window, where the autumn breeze drifted in off the Ashley. A lingering odor of varnish and linseed oil suggested a recent case of refurbishment. The mattress had the loft of a fresh plumping.
“Long journey.” Jack begged off Ezekiel’s attempts to draw a bath or provide the gentleman refreshment. All he wanted was Sarah’s company, alone. “I would like to rest and I will call you when I wish to dress for dinner.” 
Free to explore his quarters, Jack inspected the dressing room that was already filled with his clothes, folded even more neatly than his own valet could fold and sorted into drawers with an organization that was mind- boggling. At the end of the dressing room, a door begged to be opened and Jack was happy to oblige. He entered another dressing room that was identical to his in every detail, but the contents of the first drawer he opened were purely feminine. Gloves of every hue and fabric, white and kid and silk and yellow and cotton and fawn; with a shove of his hip he closed the drawer. He opened the next door in his path with a quick snap of his wrist and entered the sacred chamber that was Sarah’s quarters.
“Your accommodations are acceptable?” she asked from her sitting room.
“Admit to me that you accept Stephen’s decision,” he said.
“What choice do I have?” she asked. Sarah swept into her bedroom, her eyes ablaze with the fire that he craved. “I arrive in Newport and Ethan hands me a letter of farewell. The deed was done, sir, my son had set sail in July. If I had known, I would have written to Captain Truxtun well before that day.”
“My dear, and humiliate a young man?” Jack pulled his shirt over his head and went at the buttons on his breeches. “You would never stoop to such a base level.”
“And you, how low did you stoop?”
“I offered only advice and guidance so that he would choose wisely. Come, come, my dear and get out of your clothes. Into bed and show me that you believe I spoke out of love alone.”
He was right, of course, that she had to untie the apron strings so that her children could make their own way. All that Sarah wanted was to make the right decisions for them, but clearly she was not the best judge in all matters. She climbed into bed, the sheets cool against her bare skin. A man’s counsel was lacking, and her father was not the right man to talk to about naval service. Sarah needed a husband’s point of view, the perspective of a partner who had experience to share and wisdom to impart. Book learning could never substitute for Jack’s heart and his desire to see the Beauchamp offspring well placed and prepared for the future. A father was far different from a grandfather, and her children were currently without a father.
They sat down to a late dinner, where Jack shared every last bit of gossip he had about the great naval triumph at Abukir Bay in Egypt and the role that Anthony Powell had played. After they had eaten, Jack took advantage of the fine October weather, setting out for a refreshing walk while Sarah attended to plantation business. All the aspects of land ownership that he hated were accomplished with ease at her hand. From settling disputes among her people to settling on a price for her cotton, she tackled one task after another and never seemed to tire. Jack could only imagine the efficiency and economy she could apply to Farthingmill Abbey if she were to take up residence. There was the object of his current mission, laid out with blinding clarity. He adjusted the straw hat on his head and wandered along the dusty road, the sailor morphed into a gentleman farmer to disguise his aching heart.
A flock of Leicester sheep stood almost motionless in a field. Jack leaned against a fence rail, to take in the quiet peace that was broken by the buzzing of some large flies. A shepherd, a boy of twelve, tipped his hat to the stranger, and Jack was transported back to Hampshire and his own fields and flocks of sheep. A thumping of hooves on the dry ground echoed from down the road and grew louder. A low murmur of a man’s voice calling out a greeting reminded Jack that he was not in England at all, but in South Carolina.
“Afternoon, Mr. Gaillard,” the shepherd said to the gentleman who reined in his horse when he reached the well-dressed interloper.
Mr. Paul Gaillard was exceptionally friendly, at Mr. Ashford’s service, any friend of that little darling Beck Sturbridge was welcome to the Low Country. Jack avoided too much detail as the men began to chat, leaving out his current occupation while he was in hostile territory. Without being pressed, Gaillard explained the reason for his call on his cousin Mrs. Beauchamp, finishing off the conversation by extending an invitation to a shooting party where Mr. Ashford would find excellent sport. Smiles and bows were exchanged and Jack was alone again, to continue his meandering.
He followed the road to an orchard, where ten people of varying ages were hard at work. A woman took a freshly picked apple, polished it on her skirt, and handed it over, as if Jack’s eyes betrayed a deep hunger. He took a bite and a taste of France filled his mouth. The sour and mealy flavor of the prison came back to him, along with the nauseating aroma of a jostling cart that wreaked of rotting fruit. Nearly gagging, he spit until his mouth was dry but still he could not get rid of the memory. Water, wine, anything wet would do to clear his mouth, and he turned around and headed back to the house. Even though the day was cool, beads of perspiration formed at his temples and sprouted on his lip. At the sight of the red brick kitchen, Jack broke into a run, needing more than ever to be with Sarah.
“Mr. Ashford, will you take coffee with us?” Sarah said. Taking note of his flushed tone, she added, “Or something cooling?”
Paul repeated part of his anecdote, rather than be rude to her guest. His expressions were joyous, as if he expected Mr. Ashford to be equally pleased to learn that the Marquis de Lafayette was said to have been freed from prison thanks to Bonaparte’s conquest of Austria. Years of protest from England and America had done nothing, while the Little Corporal achieved the impossible in the time it took to defeat the Austrian Emperor. Sarah expected that Jack had no interest at all in the Marquis, and was less than happy to consider Bonaparte’s victories.
In exchange for Paul’s news, Jack relayed the saga of Bonaparte’s naval defeat in Egypt, to counter Paul’s praise. “I applaud your navy, sir,” Paul said, and Jack’s forehead crinkled into a puzzled frown. “The French have become brigands on the seas, confiscating what I ship to England. What right have they? Indeed, my poor cousin received a gift and can never know its sender, thanks to French piracy.”
“A gift from an admirer, I must presume,” Sarah said. She filled a cup for Jack, smiling coyly to put him in a better mood.
“A very great admirer, wouldn’t you say, Mr. Ashford?” Paul said. “The cost of such a coffee service would suggest a deep and abiding admiration.”
The cup rattled in the saucer as Jack set it down on the tea table with more force than Sarah expected. “Too hot?” she asked.
With his hands behind his back, left slapping right, Jack strode to the window of the drawing room and looked out over the gardens. He turned and paced before returning to the chair at Sarah’s right. “French piracy is a plague on us all, sir,” Jack said. “In your opinion, if you would indulge me, why have the United States of America failed to align with England against the French?”
Paul and Jack began a long exploration of foreign policy, a remarkably calm exchange thanks to Paul’s sense of decorum. As much as he might want to lash out, he would remain a gentleman and maintain an air of studied debate, as if he sought to learn from his opponent through listening rather than argument. Jack sipped his coffee, but the way that he examined the cup and ran his fingertip along the gilt edge of the saucer set Sarah’s hands to trembling. She had never once guessed that admiration could endure and grow stronger through separation and hopeless years. She had been much mistaken about the identity of the man who sent her the gift.

* * * * *

The Ashley beat against its banks, a distant sound that matched the quiet of the sleeping house. Sarah tugged the edge of her shawl closer to her neck, to ward off the evening chill. Counting the stars, gazing at the heavens, she indulged in a habit that had begun so long ago that she no longer recalled why she stood on the piazza every night.
A door creaked, a sound as loud as a scream, and Jack’s foot falls echoed off the brick walls. “You never asked after your gift when I failed to acknowledge it,” she whispered, but even then she was too loud. The slightest noise and a footman would appear, to see if she needed anything, but all she wanted was privacy.
“When I learned of the theft I considered the crockery lost,” Jack said. “Have you so many admirers that you could not guess it might have been me?”
“A wealthy widow has no end to her string of beaux,” she said. “And how could I know that you would remember me after so many years?” 
He breathed deeply; his nose was searching for a whiff of salt in the crisp air of Riverside. Lazily, he rested his hands on the railing and grew easy, as if the slow pace of South Carolina living had begun to seep into his bones. Long ago, a foolish little girl had dreamed that the indolence of the Low Country might infect a British sailor, might entice him to quit his post and take to the sea with his bride. Sarah could not help but wonder if such a silly notion could come to pass.
“You never forgot me. I cannot tell you how grateful I am. To be so loved when I do not deserve it.”
“Are you coming to bed, Mr. Ashford?” she asked.
At breakfast the next morning, she shared her correspondence with him, not unlike a dutiful wife. “Here’s some delightful news, my dear,” Sarah said.
Jack stirred a hefty dose of sugar into his coffee. She had to suppress a snicker, knowing that it was Armand du Marais’s sugar and knowing that Jack would have choked on it if he had but known. “A letter from one of your many admirers?” he asked.
“Beck tells me that a mutual friend has requested leave from duty. The first time in his career that he has made such a request.” She flashed a coquettish look and went back to Beck’s letter, summarizing the contents of the well-inked page. “I might receive a visit from this gentleman, in which case Beck asks that I make him welcome. Are you welcome, Mr. Ashford?”
“I have been most comfortably accommodated, madam, and you may so inform our mutual friend.”
Other letters were glossed over, the contents serving as a guide to the Low Country aristocracy that Sarah headed. The names of the writers did not impress Jack, not when they represented a dull hash of family ties and connections. It was enough for him to understand that she was related, by blood or marriage, to every important family in and around Charleston. Here, she was a person of importance and stature. In England, she would be insignificant. Sarah paused, to digest a morsel that she had never before considered. To be Mrs. John Ashford in England was to accept a drastic reduction in her status, and she was not so sure that she could accept a diminished role.
A note arrived from her father, more business to attend to, she expected, but there was time enough for business another day. Judging by Beck’s letter, Jack was at Riverside for a set period of time and they had to make the best of every minute that was offered. Richard Mahon, on the other hand, would be there next week and next month and next year, and so would the endless business matters that plagued Sarah’s days.
“Would you care to go driving today?” she asked.
“I thought we might go into town,” Jack said. “I made an appointment with you once, and I mean to see it through this time.”
“Things are not so simple as that,” she said, almost to herself. 
“Then, as now, I have but little time,” he said. “Sarah, listen carefully. My next post takes me to the Channel. In three days time I will leave South Carolina and I intend to take you with me.”
“I cannot. Not so quickly as that.” 
“When?”
Her head was filled with lists of tasks and chores and long-term duties. When Ethan was old enough to become the master of Riverside, when Maddie had finished her schooling, when the crops were sold and the debts settled, when she was able she might go to England. How she longed to see Beck again, to be there when Mariah swept through her second season. But there was a Charleston season to manage, a role of arbiter to be played as girls sought the perfect match and Mrs. Beauchamp presided over all. Where in all of that was there time to be Mrs. Jack Ashford?
“If you do not come with me now, will you give me your word that at your first opportunity,” he offered. “Of course you cannot drop everything. I understand. But you can find capable managers.”
He reached across the table and took her hand with a touch that was as urgent as a starving beggar pleading for a crust of bread. Her word alone could ease his hunger, and words were so very easy to give. Let them negotiate a proper marriage contract, to guarantee her children’s legacy, and then let her put her many affairs in order. He would return to sea before all of that could be accomplished, and Sarah would gain even more time to consider her future.
“Leave my home forever?” she asked, opening the discussion.
Jack leaned back, contemplating. “Be with me when I am on land and go where you will while I am at sea. I have no wish to tear you away from all this. What I have to offer, my dear, is so very little, beyond my company. When I am absent, what difference if you are here or there?”
The slavery of marriage was to be coupled with freedom if she accepted his offer. No man could be more generous than this. “Would you leave the sea and be with me here?” she countered, probing the limits.
“After Bonaparte is defeated,” he said. “What would you have me do?"
"I have ships.”
“From admiral to merchant master.” He chuckled, shook his head in wonder, and took her hand again. “Not a bad life for two old tars, is it, Sarah?” 
“You would be happy?”
“To sail the world with you, I must admit, I would be most content.” 
The bargain was sealed in bed, a slow and sedate passion that ended when Sarah was summoned to Church Street on a matter of urgency. Jack passed the rest of the morning in the library, reading Caution To The Rich with an eye on engaging Sarah in debate over dinner. A discussion of slavery and its evils versus its economic benefits would prove stimulating after a heavy meal. When Sarah returned, however, she was in no mood to argue over anything.
“A drive in the country, please, Mr. Ashford,” she said as she breezed into the library. “Humor me, won’t you?”
Ezekiel tied Jack’s cravat with the touch of a master haberdasher. In shoes that gleamed from a furious polishing, the sailor trotted down the stairs and jumped into the carriage that waited. Sarah was already seated, covered with a lap robe and tapping her foot with heated impatience. “What news of your parents?” Jack asked, but Sarah’s gaze never left the scenery outside of the window.
“A tyrant is not overthrown by words alone,” she mumbled. “When in the course of human events it becomes necessary. How we forget.”
After they had passed through the gate at the river road, Sarah warmed to a conversation. The carriage rocked on ruts as Jack described his plans for Ethan, who would be allowed to complete his studies at Oxford. Business opportunities awaited the young man, with Joseph Ashford fully prepared to take the boy under his wing and introduce him to mill owners who wanted every bale of cotton that a factor could ship. In time, Jack imagined that the poisonous influence of Etienne Beauchamp could be eliminated from his son, and it would be Jack Ashford who would leave his mark while Beauchamp would be left to the dust he had become.
Lulled to sleep, Jack lost track of time and had no idea how long they had been gone when Sarah shook him awake. The journey required fresh horses, he noticed, because they had stopped at an inn in the middle of some God-forsaken wilderness and the coachman was harnessing a new team. A mist had begun to fall, making for a gloomy afternoon that was not much improved by the stringy mutton that was served to the travelers. The innkeeper’s serving girl was as grey as the day, and even Sarah was falling victim to the sorrowing afternoon. By the time they had finished their dinner and returned to the carriage, the coach lamps had been lit. Apparently, Sarah’s notion of a drive in the country was meant to cover a great deal of territory, and the ride would most likely go on for days.
“Not much of a view, my dear,” Jack said to the back of Sarah’s head. She was fixated on the outdoors again, but night had fallen and all had grown completely black.
“Almost there,” she said.
His empty stomach was rumbling when the driver reined in the horses. Jack stepped out of the carriage and looked around, to discover that they had arrived in some other God-forsaken wilderness. The only hallmark of civilization was a small clapboard building with a suggestion of a steeple, positioned only a few feet across the road from a public house. Sarah took his arm and pulled him along, making her way through darkness with the ease of someone who had been here before and knew exactly where she was going. A patch of light spilled across their path, a beacon that marked their destination.
Sarah knocked at a door and a wary serving girl opened it a crack. The girl’s eyes lit up with recognition and the door was thrown open, to reveal a somewhat unkempt old man right behind her. “Mr. Sherman, good evening,” Sarah said. “May I take up your offer?”
“After all these years,” Mr. Sherman said, ushering his guests into his chilly house. He smoothed down his hair and ordered the maid to make up the fire, only to change his mind and send the girl off to fetch Mrs. Sherman while he tended to the fire himself.
“There were many nights that I passed here, Mr. Ashford,” Sarah said. “Mr. and Mrs. Sherman know all about you.”
“You know how ladies are, sir,” Mr. Sherman said. “Entranced by tales of young love. It was Mrs. Sherman’s doing, you see, and never did I truly expect to be called upon to unite Miss Sarah and her sweetheart. Yet here you are, and you see, I never forgot my vow.”
The lady of the house arrived in a spray of joyous tears, her apron fluttering to dry eyes that never stopped running. Somewhere amid the proclamations of happiness and the recollections of days long past, Jack was able to piece together a story that miscast him entirely as a respectable man. The sailor who loved the rebel messenger was not a gentleman, in spite of Mrs. Sherman’s belief. He was a reprehensible bastard who used his beloved like a whore, and he shivered against the cold memory.
Directed to stand near the hearth, Mr. Sherman opened a prayer book and began to say the words that Jack longed to hear but had not been expecting. In the blink of an eye, Sarah had changed her mind and cast aside very excuse she had made just that morning. Postpone had been her mantra, yet she was about to pledge her life to him. Had she given the matter any thought at all, or had she been thinking about it for the past seventeen years? Jack could stop the service, tell her to pause, ask her if she were truly prepared to take this step, but then again, this was what he had always wanted. Only a fool would halt the ceremony, and he was not going to be a fool again.
Everything he had once agreed would not be forgotten, not a word. He would honor the contracts he had made with Mr. Mahon, both verbal and written. If anything more needed to be signed to ensure Sarah’s happiness, Jack would not hesitate to take up a quill. As much time as Sarah needed to secure her freedom from the plantation she would have, and he would sail to England with the knowledge that she would be there on the dock when his ship next made port.
“Who giveth this woman?” Mr. Sherman said. “If I may, Miss Sarah, I shall take it upon myself to give you away.”
Mrs. Sherman sniffled with feminine bliss.



TWENTY-TWO

Naomi groused, her grumblings cutting through the snap of silks and cottons. Sarah sat on the edge of the bed while the maids folded and sorted, compressing as much as possible into a pair of chests, while Naomi let loose with her displeasure at their incompetence.
“Won’t come back if I go,” Naomi told her mistress as she stuffed a sachet of secret herbs into a trunk. “I seen it.”
“I’m not forcing you to go,” Sarah replied.
She returned to her reading, going over Beck’s letter yet again as she crafted a message in her head. All the news of Riverside was going to be delivered in person, as soon as Sarah arrived in Portsmouth, and the letter would arrive after the writer, so what might she write in this situation? She could describe their old friend Nancy Taft’s elation to be asked to take Sarah’s place as hostess for the New Year’s Day Ball, the one that would open the 1800 season. That was a scene well worth relating. 
“I seen the signs,” Naomi continued.
“You’ll be here, safe and sound,” Sarah said. “A matter of but a few weeks, and I shall manage well enough. I shall miss you, you know.”
All Sarah really needed was a laundress, and the last thing she needed was a lady’s maid in hysterics during the endless weeks at sea. Mrs. Briggs would be enough company, and they could help one another with female concerns, while the cabin steward could be coaxed to do the washing for a few dollars in gold. All in all, it would be better to leave Naomi behind. She was too observant to not notice that her mistress was sailing under duress, forced to go by the man she had married in a moment of rebellion against Richard Mahon. Without Naomi to pry, Sarah could depart under cover of a convenient excuse, telling one and all that she was bound for England to inspect some property she had purchased for Ethan’s legacy. Let her snooping cousin Paul think that she was going to London to establish some new business contacts with mill owners who would pay handsomely for South Carolina cotton. No one would have to know that Jack had ordered her to leave for England before the end of February or he would sail up the Ashley and take her by force.
Sarah shifted her attention to the joy of seeing Beck again and the pleasure of watching Mariah dance through ballrooms filled with adoring swains seeking her favor. She would conduct some business, of course, to make the best use of the trip and gain some new buyers that Ethan could further cultivate when he was a little older. Once Jack went back to sea, after about a month or so Sarah guessed, she would have a couple of years to herself before her presence was once again needed, and she could return to Riverside and take up her old life. Somewhere in all this flurry of activity, however, she and Beck would have to concoct a plausible story for Sarah to take back to South Carolina. She could not very well keep her marriage to Jack a secret forever.

* * * * *

The sun beat down on the deck of the Charleston Rose, as if to refute the evidence of the fierce storm that had battered the schooner for two days running. Sarah had clutched the bundles of herbs that Naomi had carefully placed in the trunks, the magical gris-gris that was intended to protect a traveler at sea, and prayed that her maid’s visions would not be transferred to her. While a return to fine weather erased Sarah’s worries, the same could not be said for Mr. Briggs. The ship had lost the convoy during the storm, and the Charleston Rose was now completely alone on a hostile sea. The merchant master was wound up like the tightest spring, ready to snap.
Strolling the deck for exercise, Sarah thought of Stephen as she recalled his first trip home since enlisting. He was so very mature when he returned to Riverside, having lost all traces of the boy who had run off to sea in search of adventure. Dashing in his midshipman’s coat, he cut a splendid figure among the young ladies who simply had to dance with him at the Pinkney’s ball. Even the men in attendance were captivated by Stephen’s yarns, their attention riveted by the saga of the Constellation’s capture of a French privateer.
A tremendous roar erupted in the top. Sarah craned her neck, to get a better look at the sailors who were jury-rigging the main mast that had broken in the storm. To a man, they were scurrying down the shrouds or flying, hand over hand, down the ropes. “French-rigged,” several of them cried out, an alarm that sent the crew to the few small guns that would offer little protection against a well-armed pirate.
Sarah headed to the master’s cabin for safety, shaking her head at the turn of events. Not long ago, the French had been friends and allies, yet now they chose to prey on the weak nation that they had helped to birth. American ships were expected to obey ridiculous French laws that were meant to block trade with England, while England countered with the same nonsense. No matter where the Beauchamp ships went, they were pawns in the war between two European countries, and American law was no better than ink on a page. While the men sitting in the Congress fired off their mouths, American merchants saw their goods confiscated and their ships sold at auction. The Charleston Rose was about to be added to an ever growing roster of ships that were boarded by the French due to violations of French law that meant more than American law because the French had the guns. “American foreign policy in action,” she grumbled to herself.
“They’ll steal our cargo, Miss Sarah, as sure as we’re standing here,” Briggs groused. With the main mast an exercise in patchwork, the ship could never hope to outrun a pursuer and it would be suicide to try to fight.
“Nothing to be done but accept that which we cannot change,” Sarah said.
The French officer who led the boarding party was of the type that Armand du Marais described as a man of the people, as dirty as the soil he sprang from. Never would anyone confuse the lieutenant with a proper gentleman, so coarse were his manners. His command of English was equally appalling, and his tendency to use force on the sailors to make his demands understood provided a warning that he was not to be trifled with. Sarah briefly considered using Armand’s name to rescue her ship, but a man like this had nearly cost Armand his life at the height of the Terror. She could make matters worse, in such a case, and it was best to play dumb.
Bills of lading, manifests and every scrap of paper in Mr. Briggs’s cabin was inspected. Before the unwashed lieutenant could determine where the bales and hogsheads were headed, his marauders were confiscating cargo, as if the port of embarkation was crime enough. Fair trade was a foreign concept, one that earned Mr. Briggs a clout on the side of his head when he dared to protest the illegal search and seizure. The officer merely berated the English and then lambasted the Americans when his captive audience appeared to not understand a word he spat at them. To add to the insult, he proceeded to examine the sparse furnishings of the Briggs’s quarters, thumbing through the family Bible and sneering at the relative poverty of the Yankee sea captain.
One of the pirates pushed open the door and shouted at his officer to hurry. Vite, vite, the man cried with a touch of fear. In a stream of broken English, the lieutenant grandly announced that he would not confiscate the ship after all, as it was hardly worth the bother. Sarah felt as if she could breathe again. She had been wise after all to dress simply, to hide her jewels in her petticoat and adopt the manner of a lady’s maid. On the surface, she could have been mistaken for Mrs. Briggs’s sister, respectable but not rich. Even so, the value of the ship’s timbers would bring in a fine purse, and why the French would forgo the prize money was a puzzle.
Again the sailor rushed in, so eager to make his point that he was almost dancing between the hatch and his officer. Sarah knew that the thieves could not possibly have accomplished their task in such short order. The holds were crammed with goods, all heavy and cumbersome to load and unload. Before the sailor could drop to his knees and plead for speed, the lieutenant bowed grandly to Mrs. Briggs, took her hand like a chevalier and kissed her knuckles. Sarah bit her lip to keep from grinning as she imagined Mrs. Briggs applying her clenched hand to the man’s smirk, taking out a few of his green, rotting teeth in the bargain.
He held out his hand next to Sarah, who kept her right hand behind her back. Not to be denied, he tugged at her elbow and wrenched her arm free. His eyes lit up with nauseating greed when he caught a glimpse of the emerald that glittered on her ring finger, like an experienced thief judging the stone’s value with one glance. Armand had haunted every jewel merchant in Paris, searching for the perfect emerald that matched the green of Sarah’s eyes. As a married woman, she had no business wearing the ring any more, but she considered this voyage the last time that she would do so. She should have sewn it into her clothes, but it was vanity that drove her and now she was paying the ultimate price. Mariah would not get a chance to sport a glittering jewel, Maddie would never get to inherit the ring, and for no good reason but Sarah’s love of Armand’s parting gift.
With a swift tug, the ring was in the Frenchman’s hands. He applied his slobbering lips to the gouge that he left with his filthy nail, bidding adieu to the fair lady with the captivating green eyes. His souvenir, he called it as he slipped it into the pocket of his coat, a memento that would more than compensate him for the value of the ship that he was so generously leaving behind. He ran out as if chased by the devil, while Sarah gingerly dabbed at the scratch on her finger.
“Not such a great loss,” Briggs said. He wiped the nervous sweat from his upper lip. “We’ve our ship and our lives left to us. I’d take that bargain, Miss Sarah, and be grateful.”
As if they were bound together, they all moved as one to the deck, in time to see the last of the ropes cut as the Charleston Rose was freed from bondage. The French frigate was crowding on sail, in a desperate hurry to leave the scene of the crime. Mr. Briggs suspected that the pirates were taking advantage of the opportunity presented by a solitary ship, and they were keen to depart because they knew that Americans always traveled in convoys and other ships must surely be nearby.
Briggs split up the crew into search parties, each one assigned to take an inventory of the holds. Sarah went to her cabin to see if her personal trunks had been rifled, but her inspection was cut short when a sailor aloft shouted out another alarm. More ships were sighted, English-rigged ships, but it was hardly good news. Whatever the French might have left behind, the next batch of brigands was bound to take for their own.
Work on the broken mast continued and the inventory went on, as nothing could be done to avoid the inevitable. Sarah pushed her trunk back under the bunk, glad that her silk dresses had not been taken, but miserable over the loss of her precious ring. She would have traded every scrap of cloth in the chest if she could have kept the emerald. Dejected, she wandered back to the master’s cabin, where Mr. Briggs was sitting at his desk, in shock. Almost every barrel of water had been taken, even the scuttlebutt. The food stores were nearly empty, with little more than the rice in the hold to eat, and not enough water available to cook it. Apparently the British were doing a fine job of keeping the French Navy out of port and making it difficult for them to re-supply. Only a desperate captain would steal someone’s water and food in the middle of the ocean, but what was good news for the British was no consolation for Briggs.
The Royal Navy caught up with the Charleston Rose in two days, with the schooner proving to be a better sailor even with a jury-rigged mast. Briggs welcomed the search party aboard with sarcastic good humor, inviting John Bull to pick over the scraps that were left by the Frogs. The British officer bounded onto the deck of the schooner with a swagger that Sarah had not seen since her rebel days, nose tilted upright as if smelling something unpleasant. Marines with bayonets fixed stood arrayed behind him, a show of force that was almost laughable. The English were fond of a good show, Sarah recalled. They would use an eighteen-pounder to kill a fly, all to put on a display of power.
Mr. Couch ordered the ladies to return to their quarters, but Sarah was not about to be told where to go on her own ship. She melted into a chair at Mrs. Briggs’s table, not to be moved except by physical force. Mr. Briggs began to lay out his bills of lading and manifest, again. Sarah took the log and shoved it, with a nasty push, at Mr. Couch. He scowled, she smiled with all the charm of a South Carolina belle, and the battle was on.
“Are you harboring deserters from the King’s Navy, sir?” Couch asked.
“American to a man, sir,” Briggs replied.
“I shall judge their nationality, thank you,” Couch retorted. “Born a subject, always a subject.”
“Born or made, my men are citizens of the United States of America,” Briggs said.
Mr. Couch was not interested in Mr. Briggs’s assessment. He managed to find three men whom he insisted were deserters, in that the men were sailors and had been born before the Treaty of Paris was signed. That made them British citizens, conveniently enough, and there was nothing that anyone could do about it, besides build a bigger navy and fight it out. Sarah could call it kidnapping if she liked, but the lieutenant was not going to be on his way because of her futile complaint. Already thin, the ranks of the Charleston Rose would be depleted, without enough hands to sail her. There again, Mr. Couch was without sympathy, since His Majesty’s ranks were always sparse and there was a war on.
The shortage of water and food presented a far greater hazard for the undermanned schooner, forcing Briggs to negotiate with the frigate’s purser. Such dealings would never have taken place if Couch were not satisfied with the bills of lading, which showed that the American vessel was bound for Portsmouth and her cargo of cotton, rice and indigo was much needed in London. In this bit of fair trade, His Majesty’s Navy would not interfere. Exorbitant prices for salt horse, hard tack and brackish water were being set when a clever Marine uncovered a cache of contraband.
“French cognac, sir,” the man reported. In his hands he held two bottles that had come from the Beauchamp cellars by way of France. Sarah nearly exploded with rage.
“How dare you paw through my personal and private garments, sir,” she hissed, her voice rising in volume as it grew deeper. “You have gone too far, Mr. Couch, to rifle my linens. I have never before been subjected to such an insult.”
“Contraband none the less, madam,” Couch said.
“It is perfectly legal, sir, and might I add that those bottles were in my late husband’s cellar when you were a babe in small clothes.”
“Be that as it may, I cannot verify the truth of your claim. I must therefore confiscate these and you may apply for their return when you reach Portsmouth.” Couch glared at her across the table. “Unless you are guilty of smuggling.”
“Thieves in fancy dress,” Briggs grumbled.
Here was a battle that Sarah could never win. The cargo hold was inspected again, a time consuming process that gave her plenty of time to write out bank drafts to cover the purser’s bill. Bit by bit, her funds in the Bank of England were trickling away; the money that the Admiralty had paid her for lumber was being returned to cover the cost of America’s poor excuse for a foreign policy. She had planned to present Jack with a windfall so that they could find a small estate near the Powell’s home and live comfortably. Now she would arrive in England with far less than she had estimated they would need, and Jack would have a wife who was not as wealthy as he might have thought.
After the British let them continue on their way, Mr. Briggs offered up a prayer that they locate an American convoy, and without delay. Until they reached the Azores, they would all live on the rough food of the common sailor. Good enough for Stephen, good enough for me, Sarah told her stomach as the stinking salt horse sank to the pit of her churning gut. Salt horse or starvation, she repeated Mr. Briggs’s mantra, but starvation was taking on a certain attraction. She began to calculate the time needed to reach the Portuguese port, wondering if it were actually possible to not eat or drink for that long without expiring. Sarah began to dream of cold spring water and roasted ducks, imagining all the delicacies that would be found on land, while Mr. Briggs vowed to take on any and all British deserters who cared to join his crew.
Only days later, chaos erupted on deck, with the pounding of feet, the clanking of swords and the shouts of men. Mr. Briggs swore an oath that left the ladies in shock, but he had been pushed to the brink by boarding parties and he was fighting mad. He raced out the hatchway, banging the door shut as he left and telling the women to barricade themselves in. This time, he was not going to submit peacefully.
An Englishman was shouting, insisting that someone was on board, but through the chorus of oaths and anger, the women could not make out every word. Foul language was mixed with violent denials, coupled with the tramping of feet and the sort of scuffling that Sarah associated with brawling. When the cabin door flew open, Mrs. Briggs ran to Sarah’s side and cowered next to her, protected from the intruder by nothing more than the table in front of them. Sarah jumped to her feet, sending a fork clattering to the deck as a storm blew in, head ducked to fit his tall frame under the low ceiling.
The persona of Black Jack Ashford, made known to Sarah by Anthony Powell, was not at all the ruthless and determined sea captain that Mr. Powell described. Sarah saw through the bluster at once, took note of the desperate fear that coursed through Jack’s veins. He was nearly mad with terror, too proud to admit that he was afraid and doing a fine job of disguising it. Let him rant and rave as much as he wished, but the more he argued, the more he exposed himself, as if every threat was another piece of clothing removed and he was naked before her.
“There’s no damned English nobility here,” Briggs carried on an argument that had spilled over from the main deck. He twisted into place as he positioned his body as a shield between Jack and the women, to protect the ladies from the ferocity that was Black Jack in full throttle.
“He is known to me, Mr. Briggs,” Sarah said. “May I present Mr. John Ashford. Admiral Ashford.”
For a second, the cabin became an airless vacuum where time stopped. Briggs stared at Jack, not recognizing him after so many years had gone by, but still trying to place the face. Mrs. Briggs opened her mouth, about to invite Jack to dinner no doubt, but who could judge what was proper protocol when one’s quarters were invaded by a vandal bent on mayhem. Like a true Charleston hostess, seemingly unperturbed by any unexpected event, Sarah strolled to Jack’s side and completed the introductions, determined to put an end to the bedlam.
“My wife, sir, Mrs. Briggs, and Mrs. Beauchamp are the only females aboard,” Briggs said. “As you know Mrs. Beauchamp, you can take her word that this is my wife who is a good Quaker, sir, and not titled.”
Before Sarah could explain further, Jack was bellowing for a sailor to fetch her things and transport them to the Intrepid. She wanted to protest, to ask what he was doing, but Mr. Briggs was insistent on giving a thorough report on the French naval ship that had absconded with his stores. As he tabulated his losses, Briggs could not help but start in on the core of his ire, the fact that the British were infringing on American trade and the rights of sailors to claim allegiance to the flag of their chosen nation. One of Jack’s officers joined in, and a heated debate erupted. Sarah made a move to sit down at the table, to wait out the war in relative comfort, but Jack put a hand on her arm. He might not be listening to her, but he was not about to let her get more than a foot away from him.
“Your manifest is false, sir,” the officer said to Mr. Briggs, who could only retort that it was correct and proper and he had no idea who Lady Bransmore was, or what ship she might be sailing on, but it was not the Charleston Rose.
Jack glanced at Sarah from the corner of his eye, and he began to chuckle. “Far too clever for us, Mr. Fawcett,” he said. “Had Lady Bransmore been discovered, she would right now be a prisoner on the French frigate that boarded this ship. Most wise, my dear, to use a false name. Not entirely false, Mr. Fawcett, as it was her name before our marriage.”
Like an idiot dullard, Sarah stared at Jack, not quite comprehending. The men began a round of apologies for the misunderstanding, and as the light dawned in Sarah’s brain, Jack told Mr. Briggs about an American convoy they had intercepted a week ago, bound for England but planning to wait in the Azores in the hope that their sister vessel might turn up after being lost in a storm. How delighted Jack was to learn that the merchant master he had spoken to was none other than the son of Mr. Briggs. He was at the service of Mr. Briggs, he would be pleased to escort the schooner to the islands, he would recommend that the Charleston Rose be taken under tow rather than risk the repaired mast. Events began to unfold so rapidly that Sarah feared she would never puzzle out the questions she needed to ask.
“Lady Bransmore?” she said, digging her fingers into Jack’s arm.
From out of the past she dusted off the memory. She knew the name; it was the sound of a stubborn donkey being urged to go forward while it dug in its heels. It was a word that was loathed by any true patriot, a loyalist label that was once a black mark on liberty and a noose around the neck of freedom.
The color was rising in Jack’s face as he pulled her to a corner of the cabin, seeking privacy in a room too small to hold secrets. “I know I should have told you. I meant to.”
“Well you should have, sir,” Sarah said. “Indeed, you should have spoken the truth from the first. What could you have been thinking when Mr. Sherman asked if there were any impediments to our union? That I would never discover who I was married to?”
“A rose by any other name?” he suggested.
“Why did you disguise your identity? Did you fear that I would reject your suit outright? When I think of the night you first asked for my hand.”
“At the time, I had no idea. My brother, he was, that is, I had no plans for the title and lands,” Jack stammered. “Fate cast an obstruction in my path and I stepped over it.”
“False pretenses, Mr. Ashford,” Sarah said, imagining her father arguing the same in a court of law.
In the blink of an eye, Sarah found herself heaved over Jack’s shoulder like a sack of beans. She grabbed at her mob cap as it slid to the back of her head, tangling her shawl around her neck and obstructing her vision with the fringe. Too flustered to speak clearly, she could only splutter feeble protests that were ignored. When she realized that he had scaled the bulwarks and was about to jump across open water to another ship, she prayed that he did not mean to drop her in the ocean to cool off the fire that was raging in her heart.
His grip on her legs was so strong that she thought he might break them in two. He never let go as he strode across the deck, nor did he release his grip as he carried her down an accommodation ladder. Finally, he spun her over and around, leaving Sarah’s head reeling. She had been placed on a velvet cushion in the stern of a boat, with twenty sailors aligned before her, oars held with military precision. The coxswain at the prow gave the order and the boat shoved off.
Clear of the British frigate, Sarah looked out over the water and discovered a veritable flotilla of British war ships, pennants waving in the slight breeze. Jack began to talk to her, a most civil discussion of his new station and plans to bottle up the French at Toulon to keep them out of the Mediterranean. Sarah positioned her shawl around her shoulders, to get what warmth she could without a coat against the February chill. They seemed to be headed towards a ship of the line that was the biggest thing Sarah had ever seen.
The boat was rowed along the starboard side, where two rows of black gun muzzles peered out from the open gunwales. Cannonades bristled on the main deck, almost glowing in the late afternoon sun. As the boat turned to pass the stern of the war ship, Jack waved his hand grandly and directed her attention to the taffrail. High above her head, Sarah studied the elegant carving and felt the tears rise in her eyes. At the center, a sheaf of rice, the grains done up in gold, was tied with a flowing indigo blue ribbon that ran along the top edge of the rail and twined down the side pieces.
Prepared to climb the ladder, Sarah stood when the Admiral’s barge was tied up alongside the HMS Intrepid, flagship of Black Jack Ashford, Baron Bransmore. Jack would not be denied his conquest, however, and he heaved her back over his shoulder and swung onto the ladder with the ease of a born sailor. The boatswain’s pipes were sounding in her ears when they reached the deck, the high pitched whistling falling apart into choking snickers as Jack accepted the cheers of his men.
“Mr. Ashford, will you put me down,” she hissed, thumping him on the back to get his attention.
“Do you recall the girl who held your squadron at bay with a pistol,” Jack called out.
To see who he was talking to, Sarah lifted her head and came face to face with Mr. Thomas, no longer a nervous midshipman or a desperate prisoner but a flag captain. His shocked expression, however, was unchanged from the day that he had looked into a live oak tree and discovered a dueling pistol pointed at his head. “Mr. Thomas,” she said, nodding and hoping that her face was not beet red with embarrassment.
The Marine officer who pulled open the door to the Admiral’s quarters kept his eyes forward, but Sarah could not miss the slight curl of his lip that betrayed the man’s hidden laughter. On her feet at last, she smoothed down her dress and adjusted her cap as best she could without a mirror, with the air of a woman who was annoyed by a slight inconvenience. Mr. Thomas was still staring at her with a look of puzzlement, his initial shock replaced by an exploration that Sarah did not want him to make.
The cabin steward was bustling in and out of the cabin, which was fitted with furniture that matched the upholstery in her drawing room. Chairs and settees were placed near the stern windows, with a long table closest to the door. A set of folding doors, now pushed against the bulkhead, served to partition the living quarters from the dining area. In the far corner stood Jack’s desk, littered with papers and discarded quills. The steward went out through the door near the desk and then reappeared, sneaking surreptitious glances at her as he went past. He put a tray on the table and proceeded to pour coffee, but he was so busy ogling Sarah that he spilled into the saucers.
A seductive trickle of steam lifted from the bone china cup. She wanted to be angry, she wanted to refuse any hospitality, but it had been days since she had so much as smelled hot coffee and her will began to buckle. Perhaps if Mr. Thomas had left, she could have maintained her ire, but she could never be anything less than proper when in public. The grinding wheels in his head were slowly turning, steering towards France, and Sarah could not risk doing anything out of the ordinary to trigger some long buried memory.
She sat and invited the men to take their places, the anticipated warmth of the coffee setting her at ease. With grace, she handed around the cups, lining up a series of topics to discuss so that she might control the conversation. Things were starting off smoothly, until Jack jumped up, excused himself, and disappeared through a door near the yellow silk upholstered settee.
“You have perhaps been in Paris, Your Ladyship?” Mr. Thomas said.
“And Portsmouth as well,” Sarah said. “My late husband’s business interests took us far afield from our home. Now that is a place that you would find much changed since your last visit.”
He was too clever, having honed a sharp wit over the years. Sarah would not push him off course so easily as she had hoped. He persisted, returning to Paris and the prison on the banks of the Seine. Hot coffee and sweet sugar began to stimulate Sarah’s mind as she cooked up a believable tale out of thin air. If he wanted to talk about Paris, she would bring up Rose Bertin, her famed atelier, and the unfortunate dressmaker’s peripatetic life since the days of the Terror. Either the captain would get bored and seek other amusement, or he would leave her to her fashion plates, but Sarah would gain her objective.
“Your quarters are ready, my dear,” Jack said as he returned.
“I was trying to recollect where last I saw Lady Bransmore,” Mr. Thomas said.
“Twenty years, is it not, my dear?” Jack said. “She is unchanged from that day.”
“Surely not so long ago as that,” Mr. Thomas said. “I associate our last encounter with dire circumstances.”
“My fault for that, Mr. Thomas,” Jack said. “I have told you so often of the vision I had when we were held captive that you have come to believe that you saw it all yourself.”
“Indeed, Your Lordship, that blessed day is often clear in my mind and other times so clouded that I cannot distinguish realities and dreams.”
“As Mrs. Powell told me, you were both burning up with fever,” Sarah said. “In such a state, a man would be unable to discern the difference between delirium and actual events. Whatever actually happened, Mr. Thomas, all that truly matters is that you survived and cared for my husband so that he could be returned to me. My gratitude, sir, is more deep and everlasting than I can hope to express.”
That should shut his mouth, Sarah hoped. To be safe, however, she adopted the air of the lady in distress, letting her shoulders droop and touching her forehead as if she were about to collapse in a heap of exhaustion. Her act had the desired effect of getting rid of Mr. Thomas before he probed further. Once she learned how much longer it would take to make port, she could plot out a long-term strategy to keep Mr. Thomas at bay. She and Jack had already started off married life on the wrong foot, and there was no need to drag Armand du Marais into the mix.
In her opinion, she had solid grounds for an annulment, and perhaps she would be wise to forget all her plans and sail for South Carolina when the Charleston Rose made the return voyage. How could she walk the world as Lady Bransmore? How could Jack have hidden such an important fact? If he did not tell her the truth before, she had no guarantee that he would keep his word later. He forgot to tell her of his family history, and he could forget that he promised she could live at Riverside while he was at sea. She drank the last of her coffee and stood up, facing Jack across the polished mahogany table.
“You have engaged in subterfuge,” she said. 
“Out of fear,” he said.
“At your request, I waited for you until I could wait no more. At your request, I forgave your duplicity. You have asked more of me, Jack, than any man has a right to ask of a woman, and what is my reward? Subterfuge.” 
“Consider the good that you can do for Mariah,” he said, rising when it was clear that Sarah was not going to sit. “The patronage of a baroness will signify great things to a girl in the marriage market. Doors will open that might otherwise be closed.”
Sarah turned her back on him, angry that he would use her beloved godchild as a pawn. If Mariah wished to marry well, she would be better off to come to South Carolina and meet the sons of planters who would fall over one another in a madcap pursuit of such a beauty as the daughter of Beck Sturbridge.
His fingers began to trace the fanciful scene that was printed in indigo blue dye on the back of Sarah’s frock. He made up a story to match the picture of the young suitor, bewitched by the fair maiden in her bower. Her eyes of emerald green held him transfixed, so that he failed to notice the dangers that hovered just at the edge of her sleeve, the evil that had been cut off by the dressmaker’s shears as she fitted the bodice. He touched the center of her back, where the suitor’s etched hand extended towards the maiden as he handed her a flower. Jack’s finger pushed against her shoulder blade, to indicate the suitor’s other hand which he was holding behind his back. There he kept his past, Jack said, for it was ugly and he was ashamed, knowing that the fair maiden would deny him if all was revealed.
His words failed to sway her. Jack took her elbow and guided her through a door, bringing her to a room that was only large enough for the cot that was attached to the wall and the sea chests that were lined up along the bulkhead. He pushed aside the bed curtain with a certain reverence, as if his hand was unworthy to touch the delicate embroidery, and then pointed to the head of his bed, where a sheaf of rice and a twining ribbon had been carved and painted to match the emblem sewn onto the curtains. “If I had been killed in action, I would have been buried in this,” he said. “Your crest, at the bottom of the sea. To remind me of you for all eternity.”
On the outer bulkhead Sarah saw the miniature portrait she had given him when she was full of hope, attached just above the side of the cot so that if he turned his head in bed he would be looking at her image. He continued his tale of the lovers who were printed on her dress, touching the back of her neck with his lips. The slight scratch of his beard stubble on her skin made her shiver.
“He asks more of her than any man has a right to ask of a woman. In return, Sarah, he swears on his life that he will keep his word to her. The flower he holds out to her is a liberty flower, which he has trampled upon time and again, but believes it thrives best because of his trampling.”
She had let herself grow timid, forgetting the giddy young girl who chased after adventure. It was time to put the past behind and embark on a new experience, to clear the way for her children to take their places while she took another, the one that she had always wanted. “I am Mrs. John Ashford, you understand,” she said. “I will not strike my rebel colors.”
For all the trampling, she had thrived.


THE END


Also by Katie Hanrahan:

The Leaven of the Pharisees
A Terrible Beauty


Katie Hanrahan  can be contacted through her publisher.
 www.newcastlewestbooks.com

