
The Game

A.J. Carella

~~~
Smashwords Edition


PUBLISHED BY:
A.J. Carella
Copyright © 2013

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 

Table of Contents


Prologue - 1999
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-One
Twenty-Two
Twenty -Three
Twenty-Four
Twenty-Five
Twenty-Six
Twenty-Seven
Twenty-Eight
Twenty-Nine
Thirty
Thirty-One
Thirty-Two
Thirty-Three
Thirty-Four
Thirty-Five
Thirty-Six
Thirty-Seven
Thirty-Eight
Thirty-Nine
Forty
Forty-One
Forty-Two
Forty-Three
Forty-Four
Forty-Five
Forty-Six
Forty-Seven
Forty-Eight
Forty-Nine
Fifty
Fifty-One
Fifty-Two
Fifty-Three
Fifty-Four
Fifty-Five
To Kill For – sneak preview!

Prologue - 1999


"Will you stop that racket!" For God’s sake, it was always about her, wasn’t it? Never mind that she wasn’t the one in trouble. She wasn’t the one that owed thousands of dollars to the wrong kind of people. No, all she was worried about was how it would affect her, standing there crying. Me, me, me!
Opening the wardrobe door, she grabbed a handful of clothes and stuffed them into the small suitcase. To be honest, she would be glad to see her go, although she had had her uses. Without her, it was certainly going to be much harder to find the money to gamble with, but she’d think of something. Besides, she’d didn’t have much choice. If she didn’t settle the debt, she’d be lucky if she came out alive.
"Pull yourself together. They’ll be here in a minute, and if you look like that when they get here, they may change their minds. You are not messing this up for me, you hear me?"
The knock on the front door made them both jump. "That’s them. Come on." Grabbing the suitcase, Dawn marched out of the bedroom and to the front door. When she opened it, the frame seemed to be completely filled by the man standing there.
“Hello, Dawn.” Swallowing the massive lump that suddenly appeared in her throat, she handed him the bag. “She’s coming. This means we’re even, right?”
The man looked at her in disgust. “Yes. We’re all even.”
Looking past her into the shabby apartment, his eyes gleamed as he saw what he had come for. The girl stood with her head bowed, her shoulders shaking.
“Look at me,” he ordered. The girl looked up, and despite the fact that she had been crying, he was still startled by her beauty. The almond-shaped eyes were an emerald green that he had never seen before and, coupled with her high cheekbones and perfectly shaped mouth, she was stunning. Her raven black hair hung long and straight down to her waist. Dawn took her by the arm, propelling her toward the man.
“Mom, no!” The strangled cry came out a sob, but it made no difference. Dawn had felt nothing for this child when she had given birth to her nearly thirteen years ago, and she still didn’t. She’d only kept her around this long because it suited her. Very early on, she’d realized how useful she could be.
The first time she’d used her to settle a debt, she’d been eight years old. All the man had asked for was an hour alone with the girl in her bedroom, and the slate would be wiped clean. She’d have to learn the way of the world sooner or later, and that’s exactly what she’d told her when, an hour later, she’d come crying to her.
Since then, she’d been a useful source of income, but despite the number of men who came through the door, she’d still been unable to keep up with her gambling habit. She’d gotten further and further into debt, and now she’d been given a choice: take what was coming to her or pay up.
Tara was the only thing of any value she had. After Sergei had come to look her over, he’d agreed to take her in full settlement, on the understanding that she was never to gamble with them again and never try to make contact with her daughter. That was fine with her. There were plenty of other places that would take her money, and the only thing she would miss about Tara was the money she brought in. Handing the suitcase to Sergei, Dawn closed the front door, without a word to her only child.

One

Present Day


She let herself in to her apartment in London’s West End with a sigh. It was always nice to come home after a long trip and she loved her apartment. The rooms were bright and airy, with the high ceilings common in older buildings. Completely and beautifully renovated, it had a traditional, yet modern, feel. Though it did not belong to her, she had had a big say in how it was decorated and furnished. A “perk” of the job, she thought wryly as she wheeled her suitcase into her bedroom. Placing it on the bed, she immediately started to unpack. Most of her clothes were very high end and expensive. They would not tolerate being left crumpled up in a suitcase.
The trip back this time had been a long one, all the way from Dubai, but traveling first class had made it more bearable. Opening the mirrored doors on her wardrobe, she meticulously started putting her clothes away. She didn’t have much to call her own, but these few things were hers, and hers alone, and they meant a lot to her. When she’d put the last pair of shoes in their place, she went into the adjoining bathroom and ran herself a bath. Peeling off her dirty clothes and putting them in the hamper, she slid into the hot, steaming water. Sinking into the bubbles, she closed her eyes and rested her head. Feeling the tension start to leave her shoulders, she let out the breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding.
Her thoughts inevitably wandered to the events of the last few weeks. The winner hadn’t been too bad this time, a millionaire British expat. One of the nicer winners, in fact. He hadn’t expected her to do anything too weird, and had been quite respectful, in his own way. The older ones usually were. She’d been wined and dined and treated very well, and the night before she left, he had even given her a beautiful pair of diamond earrings. It had been a nice change. Even so, she’d been glad when the month ran out and she’d been able to board the flight home.
She’d lasted until she was nineteen with Sergei. She’d been too old for him by the time she’d been sixteen, really, but he seemed to have a bit of a soft spot for her and had kept her to himself long after he’d lost interest. Sergei didn’t go in for sentimentality much, though, and by the time she turned nineteen, he had realized that he was losing good money by keeping her talents to himself and had put her to work.
Sergei owned and operated one of the biggest underground gambling networks in the world. Since she had been with him he had, through a combination of business sense and old-fashioned thievery, gone from fairly small time to now only catering to the very wealthy. Along with some legitimate casinos, he ran an underground network where the prizes were more exclusive. There were about a dozen of these special prizes, and she was one of them.
He had set her up in this apartment and paid all her expenses, but she had no income of her own. He kept all the money the players paid to join the tournaments, but any gifts she received, like the diamond earrings, she got to keep. After eight years of being a prize, her safety deposit box now contained tens of thousands of dollars worth of jewels and cash.
Realizing she was in danger of falling asleep, Tara got out of the bath and slipped into her robe. Padding to the kitchen, she made herself a light snack and curled up on the sofa. She was looking forward to a quiet evening with nothing to do and no one to entertain.

Two


His boss was a prick, pure and simple. He’d spent the morning taking another hooker to the emergency room and throwing enough money at her to make sure she wouldn’t go to the police. There had been a time when he wouldn’t have dreamed of working for someone like Luccio, would, in fact, have done everything in his power to make sure that he got what was coming to him, but that time had long since passed.
These days, he felt little, if anything at all. It was as if the part of him that had once made him feel everything passionately had been switched off. He still knew the difference between right and wrong; he simply didn’t care anymore. All he cared about these days was his paycheck. The guy may be a prick, but he paid well.
Happy that he’d done his job and the situation with the girl was handled, he headed back to the house. At this time of day, it took him nearly an hour to get across town and up into the hills outside Los Angeles.
His boss ran a very successful clothing import and export business, but it wasn’t the clothing that had made him wealthy. It was the undeclared goods that came and went with them.
As Kyle drove through the electronic gates and up the sweeping drive to the front of the house, he couldn’t help but wonder what it must be like to have so much money. It had never been that important to him before, back when he was happy, but that was then.
Looking up at the massive house in front of him, he paused, taking in the pillared front entrance and the floor-to-ceiling windows on either side. It struck him how much Lori would have loved this place. They had always talked about having a house like this if they won the lottery. Reining in thoughts of Lori, he mentally shook it off and strode purposefully through the front door. There was no point in dwelling on the past.
He found Luccio having lunch by the freeform pool at the back of the house. Kyle pulled up a chair, sitting down across from him.
“All done?” his boss asked, not lifting his head.
“Yeah. She won’t say a word.”
Luccio grunted his approval as he dug into his lunch.
“She’ll be fine, by the way.” Maybe it was the fact that he had shown no interest in the girl’s welfare that prompted him, but the words had slipped out of his mouth before he had the chance to stop them.
His boss stilled momentarily, and then wiped his mouth with a napkin before raising his eyes to look at Kyle.
“Is that right? You got a soft spot for that whore, have you?”
“No, of course not.”
“Then remember this. If I want your fucking opinion, I’ll ask for it. I paid that bitch and she took my money. In my book, that means I do what I fucking want with her. Understand me?”
“Sure, boss.”
“Good, and don’t ever fucking forget it. Now, get out of my sight. You’re spoiling my lunch.”
Kyle got up from the table and headed back to his own quarters. It wasn’t until he reached for the door to the guest house that he realized that his fists were clenched. Needing to let off some steam, he walked through to his bedroom and got changed into his gym shorts and a t-shirt. He had fitted out the guest bedroom with his punching bag and weights and now, after slipping on his boxing gloves, he started to warm up with some gentle punches.
As he warmed up, his punches landed harder and faster, and he started to work up a sweat. He needed to remind himself why he needed this job. After Lori died, he had lost everything. His friends on the LAPD, where he’d been a narcotics detective, had tried to help him get through it, but as time had passed and the LAPD had been no closer to finding her killer, he had started spinning out of control and drinking heavily. It was following a heavy drinking session that he had marched into the homicide division and put the detective investigating her case through a plate glass window. After that, there was no going back, and he had had to hand in his badge and his gun.
If he had stopped there, he may have been okay, but he had sold his house and plowed all the money into private detectives in the hope that they would do what the LAPD hadn’t been able to. In the end, he’d been left with no job, no house, no money and he was still no closer to finding Lori’s killer. And his heart was still broken.
This is how he had come to work for Luccio Marciano. Their paths had crossed professionally, and when he’d heard what had happened to him, he’d offered him the job here as head of security. He wasn’t in a position to say no. The pay was much more than he would get doing anything else, and it came with a guest house on the grounds of the main house.
Kyle stopped, taking off the boxing gloves. He bent over and rested his hands on his knees, breathing heavily. He felt better. Calmer. Wiping the sweat from his face with a towel, he stripped off his clothes and showered. Looking at himself in the mirror as he dried off, he was quite pleased. Not bad for a 36-year-old, he thought. His 6’1” frame was solid, with not an ounce of spare flesh. His shoulders were wide, well-muscled and tapered into a trim waist and a flat stomach, boasting an impressive six pack. He had his Italian ancestors to thank for the olive skin, which emphasized his electric blue eyes. Women found him attractive, he knew. There had been no shortage of sex since Lori died, but afterward, he always saw her in his mind. The guilt he felt always meant that, for days afterward, he felt nothing but shame.
He was just buttoning a clean shirt when his phone rang, and Luccio instructed him to come to his office. Tucking the shirt into his pants, he headed over to the main house. Luccio’s office was on the ground floor, toward the back of the house, and while the theme everywhere else was minimalistic, a style he disliked, the office was very much English gentleman.
The walls were covered floor-to-ceiling in bookshelves, crammed with books Kyle doubted very much his boss had ever read. There was heavy, dark green carpeting on the floor and the walls were painted in a deep red. The desk, behind which Luccio now sat, was a large, polished oak one with a green leather inlaid top. On it was a gold envelope, the contents of which Luccio appeared to be reading. Pointing to the chair on the other side of the desk, Luccio invited him to sit.
“Look at this,” he said, handing the sheet of paper over.
Taking it, Kyle read out loud. “You are invited to participate in The Game, which this month will be held in Los Angeles, USA.” He looked up at Luccio curiously.
“Never heard of it.’”
Luccio was smiling broadly, an uncommon and slightly creepy sight.
“That’s because it’s all very secretive. It’s not advertised anywhere, and attendance is by invitation only.”
“What is it then?”
“It’s a poker game.”
Kyle felt slightly disappointed. A poker game? They weren’t exactly unheard of.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t understand. What’s so special about a poker game?”
“There’s nothing at all special about a poker game. It’s the prize that’s unusual.”
Kyle was getting slightly exasperated now, and wished he would just get to the point. Knowing that Luccio was enjoying this, he played along.
“Okay, so what’s so unusual about the prize?”
“It’s a woman. The winner gets to have the use of one of the Group‘s top prostitutes for a month.” This was delivered with a flourish.
Kyle was shocked. Okay, dealing with prostitutes that were picked up on the street was one thing, but this? He’d never heard of anything quite like it.
“And I’m going to win,” Luccio said, his smile not making it all the way to his eyes. Kyle couldn’t help but hope that he didn’t, for the poor girl’s sake.
“But, boss, you can get a hooker on any street corner. You know that. Why on earth would you want to win one in a game?”
“These aren’t your average hookers, Kyle. These girls are some of the most beautiful girls in the world, and they are only allowed to entertain the winners of The Game. No one else.”
“So if you win, you get to keep the pot and the girl? What do they get out of it?” Kyle was confused. It didn’t sound like a great business strategy to him.
Luccio shook his head.
“No, these people aren’t stupid. Every player has to put up 100k just to get in the game. The winner gets his stake back plus the girl, but everything else goes to the group.”
Kyle’s head was reeling. Was his boss really willing to risk 100k just for a chance to win one of these girls? He’d clearly taken leave of his senses, but when it came to his boss, he had long since given up trying to understand him.
“So, what are you going to do?” he asked.
“Play the Game, of course.” Of course.

Three


The phone rang, waking her, and for a brief moment she couldn’t remember where she was. Then she remembered that she was back home in her apartment in London. Smiling to herself, she lay there a while longer and planned her day of shopping in the West End. She was looking forward to a nice bit of retail therapy followed by an expensive lunch somewhere nice. Though how she earned her money wouldn’t have been many people’s choice, Sergei was not stingy with the expense account. This meant that she was able to buy herself a few luxuries and the gorgeous clothes she needed for work. She couldn’t be in her line of work wearing cheap clothes, could she? Although she had put aside quite a substantial sum over the years, she never dipped into her nest egg. She didn’t plan on doing this forever, and she needed an exit strategy for when the time came. And the means to fund it.
She rarely thought about that first year after she had been given to the Group by her mother. That was the old Tara, the one who let her feelings show, the one who still believed in right and wrong and that everything had a happy ending. She had learned very quickly that she was wrong. Happy endings were for other people. She’d had a choice: accept it, or fight it and inevitably lose, so she’d built a wall around her feelings. These days, she was rarely bothered by them.
She was just getting out of bed when the phone rang again. She knew who it was before she picked it up. Not many people had her home number.
“Tara, darling, how are you?” It was Sergei, as she’d expected.
“Hi, Sergei. I’m fine. Glad to be home,” she said, gazing out onto the streets of London
“Good, good. We’ve had feedback from the winner and he seemed very happy with you. Well done.”
“He was quite a nice guy, actually.”
“That’s nice,” he said quickly. Tara had the distinct feeling that he didn’t really care whether he had been nice or not.
“Anyway, I have a bit of a problem. We’ve got a game in L.A. this week and the prize has suddenly become unavailable.”
Tara was pretty sure she knew where this was heading. “Yes?” she said with a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach.
“You’re going to have to fly over and cover it.”
“Sergei, I’ve just gotten back! We never have to do back to back assignments.”
“I know, but I’m afraid you’re going to have to fill in this time.”
“What happened to the other girl?”
“She lost her way, Tara. Let’s just leave it at that, shall we?” The steel in his tone warned her not to pry any further, so she let it go. One of the rules of the Group was that none of the prizes knew each other, or anything about each other. She preferred it that way. In her years with the Group, she had seen a lot of girls just disappear, and she was not naïve enough to believe Sergei had just let them walk away.
With a sigh she asked. “When do I leave?”
“You’re booked on a flight out of Heathrow at nine p.m. tonight. Your tickets and hotel information will be delivered by courier later today. Good girl,” he said, as she heard the phone click on the other end.
She couldn’t get too angry with him. He’d been quite good to her, really, and she’d probably been better off with him than her own mother. At least with him, she hadn’t been passed around to different men on a daily basis. It had been just him. She had been clothed and well looked after, and he hadn’t beaten her. Even when she had become unexpectedly pregnant at fourteen, he hadn’t been angry. And when the baby later died, he had been surprisingly supportive through what had undoubtedly been the worst time of her life. She hadn’t known if she’d wanted to make it through, but she’d somehow come out the other side. After that, what little hope she’d had disappeared forever.
Resigning herself to another month away, she made herself some breakfast and started packing. The shopping trip would just have to wait.

Four


Tonight was the night. Because of the secretive nature of the event, they’d only been given a couple of days’ notice so, once Kyle had called the contact number on the invitation to confirm Luccio’s acceptance, they’d gotten to work. Determined he was going to win, Luccio had enlisted Kyle's help for the next couple of days. He'd lost count of how many hands of poker he'd played, but if that’s what his boss wanted to pay him to do, then that was fine by him.
He’d been given the location of the event on the phone and now, pulling into the lot, Kyle was nervous. He didn’t like carrying 100k in a briefcase, especially when he didn’t know anything about the people they were going to meet. There were nine other invitees aside from Luccio, which meant there would be a million bucks, in cash, all in one place.
Luccio didn’t seem at all concerned about it. He had apparently heard of these games from friends, whereas Kyle, moving in a completely different social circle, had never come across them. By all accounts, the “prizes” were incredibly beautiful. They should be, for the money involved, he thought, and felt a moment of shame for being a part of it. Lori would be devastated if she could see what he was doing now. But she couldn’t, and he needed to do what was necessary to earn a living.
Opening the car door, he gripped the handle of the briefcase tightly and followed Luccio closely. The address they had been given was an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town. To Kyle, it looked like the perfect place for an ambush, but as they’d pulled up they’d seen several other expensive cars in the parking lot. This had reassured him slightly.
As they entered the building, he could see a large poker table had been set up in the middle of the ground floor, which was completely empty except for a light hanging down from the ceiling above the table. The room was the complete length of the warehouse and the light did not reach into the corners, leaving them filled with dark shadows. At the table, seven of the ten players were already seated. Kyle was surprised that he recognized a couple of the men. One of them, he knew, was a high profile sports star and the other a popular politician.
As they approached the table, one of the six very large men standing around the perimeter of the table stepped in front of them and put out his hand.
“Well, give him the money,” Luccio said.
Kyle did as he was told and handed the case over. The hired muscle then stepped out of the way and allowed them to approach the table. Nodding acknowledgements to the others around the table, Luccio took his seat. Kyle took up a position a few steps behind him and resigned himself to a long night.

***

Except for a couple of short bathroom breaks, they had been at it for hours, and Kyle’s back was starting to ache from standing in the same position for so long. They were down to the last three players now, so it wouldn’t be much longer. Luccio was one of the three.
He had to admit, he was curious about the girl. He could understand, to a point, why girls on the street turned to prostitution. Quite often there was a tragic story behind it and, with sickening regularity, it usually involved drugs. But if these girls were as beautiful as Luccio said they were, then they were clearly not in the same situation. There weren’t many beautiful drug users. So what would drive a girl to do this? Whatever the reason, he knew that if his boss won she would have to earn her money, and it would be left to him to pick up the pieces.

Five


The flight into L.A. was uneventful, and Tara arrived the night before the Game was scheduled. One of Sergei’s local men had picked her up and driven her to her hotel, where she’d been left to her own devices. She’d traveled all over the world, but L.A. was one of the few places she had never visited and she was quite excited. She had the whole day to herself tomorrow before the Game, and she fully intended to make use of the time and pretend, just for a few hours, that she was a normal tourist. She’d picked up a tourist guide at the airport and spent the evening planning where to go and what to see. The jet lag from two long haul trips within days of each other soon caught up with her, though, and skipping dinner, she decided on an early night.
She’d set off early the next morning after a good night’s sleep, eager to get going and cram as much into her free day as she could.
After spending the day visiting the sights, even going to the Griffith Park Observatory to get a photo of the Hollywood sign, it was with some reluctance that she had returned to her hotel to get ready for the evening ahead. She bathed and did her hair and make-up, wrapped in the robe the hotel provided. Satisfied with her efforts, she curled up on the sofa and indulged in some American TV while she waited for the call.

***

It was several hours later when the phone rang, and she was told that it was time. Putting on the dress she had already laid out, she checked herself once more in the mirror before leaving the room, pulling her suitcase behind her. A car was waiting for her outside the hotel and, without a word, she climbed into the back seat.
Now, she sat in the back of the limousine, watching the final hand on a monitor. As the last player folded, she took a deep breath, put a smile on her face and stepped out of the car to meet the man she was to entertain for the next month. As she walked toward him, she took in the wolfish look in his eye and knew that she was going to earn her money this time.
“Hi, I’m Tara,” she said, with the best smile she could manage.
He actually licked his lips.
“Well, hello, gorgeous. We’re going to have us some fun.”
She turned to the man standing slightly behind him and put out her hand.
“Hi.”
Kyle was trying not to stare. She was beautiful. The emerald green-wrap around dress she was wearing brought out the jewel-like green of her eyes, and did very little to disguise her fabulous figure. Her waist was tiny, which made her breasts appear even more voluptuous. Her black hair hung to her waist and shimmered as she moved.
It was her eyes, though, that held his attention. As she looked at him, he knew, without a shadow of a doubt, there was more to this woman than the exterior she was showing to the world. Surprised by his own reaction, he put his hands in his pockets, ignoring her hand, and gruffly replied, “Hey.” Taken aback, she lowered her hand to her side.
Laughing, Luccio said, “This is my head of security, Kyle. Don’t mind him. He’s not good in social situations.” Tara’s smile seemed forced as she turned her attention back to him. "Shall we go?" Nodding, she took his arm and followed him to the waiting car.
On the drive back to the house, Kyle couldn’t stop looking at her in the rear-view mirror. She was stunning, yes, but there was something about her that had made him react like a teenager at a school dance. All that standing around had obviously affected his brain and not just his back. This woman was a paid professional who was going to spend the next month entertaining his boss. Turning his attention back to the road, he consciously avoided looking in the rear-view mirror again for the rest of the drive.

Six


Kyle carried her bags into the house and disappeared upstairs while Luccio led her into the living room. “You have a lovely home,” she said to him, looking around and taking in her surroundings.
“Thank you. Why don’t you take a seat? Would you like a drink?” he offered.
Tara nodded. “So, what is it that you do?”
Luccio waved his hand in the air. “Oh, you know, this and that. Mostly import and export.”
She watched Luccio as he poured her a glass of wine. He seemed nice enough. If not handsome, he wasn’t bad looking. It looked like he kept himself quite fit judging by this trim figure, which was well-proportioned on his 5’ 10” frame. Handing her a glass of white wine, he sat down next to her. As she sipped her wine, he put one arm along the back of the sofa behind her and rested his other hand on her knee. She wasn’t surprised. They didn’t usually waste much time. “So, you’re mine for a month. What am I going to do with you?”
She smiled, playing the game. “That’s entirely up to you."
Taking his hand from her knee, he reached up and pushed the front of her dress open, displaying her left breast. Taking it in his hand, he squeezed, gently at first, and then harder. "Nice tits,” he said, taking her left breast in his other hand. "Does that feel good?" he asked, as he rubbed her nipples with his thumbs.
"Oh, yes,” she heard herself say.
"Now, stand up and show me the rest of what I’ve won."
Tara did as she was told. She’d been doing this too long now to be shy. She’d found it hard at first, but now it was almost second nature, and she could almost pretend it was happening to someone else.

Seven


The next morning, Luccio left early, telling her he had some business to take care of in town. As soon as she heard the car drive off, she got out of bed and went in search of something to put on a bite wound he had given her the night before. It had been a while, but it wasn’t the first time a winner had gotten too rough. She didn’t suppose it would be the last.
Checking all the cupboards in the bathroom, she couldn’t find anything that would do the trick so, quickly getting dressed in blue jeans and a plain white t-shirt, she made her way downstairs.
She hadn’t had time to explore the house when she’d arrived last night, so it was by trial and error that she made it to the kitchen. It was an enormous room, with windows on two sides and sliding doors out to a deck. The kitchen itself looked like something straight out of a magazine. The cabinets were a glossy white and the appliances brushed steel. The effect was very stark and cold.
She was looking through the cupboards when a voice made her jump. "Can I help you?" Feeling like she had been caught doing something wrong, she turned to face the source of the voice. It was the man she’d met last night. "Hi. Sorry, I was looking for some antiseptic. There wasn’t any in the bathroom."
"Well, you won’t find any in there. I’ve got a first aid kit at my place. I think it has some in it." He turned and headed out through the sliding doors.
Standing there, Tara was not sure what to do. Was she supposed to follow him, or was he going to get it? Jeez, trust her to get stuck in a house with Mr. Personality. She decided to follow him. It would be good to get an idea of the layout of the place, anyway. She struggled to keep up as he strode across the lawn toward what looked like a guesthouse.
"Is this your place?" she asked him as they drew nearer.
"Yeah."
"Looks nice."
"Mmmm."
Opening the door, he told her to take a seat. "I’ll go and get the kit."
Sitting alone in the living room, Tara looked around and took it all in. It was sparsely furnished, with just a couch, coffee table and a small television in the corner. There was nothing that gave away anything about the man who lived there, nothing personal, except a solitary framed photo on the coffee table. Picking it up, she saw that it was a photo of Kyle with his arm around a petite blonde woman. They were standing outdoors somewhere with the ocean behind them, and were looking at each other, smiling broadly. They looked happy. Feeling guilty for prying, she put the frame back on the table, folded her hands in her lap, and waited for him to return.

***

Kyle returned with the first aid kit from his bathroom and laid it on his bed to open it. Kyle had no idea what was wrong with him. Why was he behaving like such an ass? Strangely, she looked better now than she had last night, despite having no make-up on and being dressed casually. She seemed more approachable, less perfect. He had wanted to ask her if she was okay, what she needed the cream for, but it was none of his business. He had been checking the grounds last night when he’d walked past the living room. He had seen what was happening. Not wanting to intrude, he had quickly walked on, but he had seen enough to know that Luccio was being his usual charming self. It didn’t require a lot of imagination to know what the cream was for but, he told himself it was her job, she knew what she was doing. That thought provided little comfort, though. For some reason, it bothered him a lot more than usual, and he had no idea why.
Finding what he was looking for, he took it to Tara. “Here, this should help,” he said, handing her the tube. Unintentionally, his fingers brushed against hers as she reached for it and, as they touched, he felt something pass through him. Raising his eyes to hers, he saw his shock reflected in her eyes. Momentarily at a loss for words, he quickly pulled himself together. I’ve got to get her out of here. “You’d better go. Luccio wouldn’t like it if he found you here.”
“Of course. Thank you for the cream.”
Kyle watched her leave, confused by his own reaction. He’d never even had a proper conversation with this woman, so why was he feeling pulled towards her so strongly? Whatever the reason, he needed to forget about it. Working for Luccio, he knew full well that his health would suffer if he didn’t.

***

Taking the cream, Tara quickly left without another word and, almost at a run, went back to the main house. Going straight up to Luccio’s room, she didn’t stop until she closed the bedroom door behind her and leaned against it. Her head was spinning. What was that? She had never felt anything like it. That small touch had left her feeling as if every nerve in her body was electrified. And when he had looked at her, oh, God, it was as if he could see straight through her, and she had been exposed.
Shaken, she removed her t-shirt and applied the cream to the bite on her shoulder, wincing as it stung. Pull yourself together, girl, she told herself. She was here for a month, and it was going to be a very long one if she let Kyle get under her skin. What would be the point anyway? At the end of this assignment, she would go back to London and on to the next job. There were strict instructions on what you could and couldn’t do when staying with a client, and seducing the help was a definite no-no. Nothing good would come of it, and she knew better than to cross Sergei. She would stick to the rules. She knew the consequences if she didn’t.

Eight


He hadn’t been able to stop thinking about her. It had been several days since she had come to the guest house, and since then, though he had seen her around the house, she had studiously avoided him. That was fine with him. He didn’t need any complications, and it just reinforced his view that she was a professional. What he thought he had felt between them was obviously in his imagination. Maybe it had been so long since he had had any kind of emotional intimacy that he was seeing it in places where it simply did not exist. No problem. He had a rare night off tonight, and he was going into town. What he needed was some uncomplicated female company.
The bar was a typical sports bar, with TV’s mounted on the walls showing the various sports games that were currently being played. Sitting at the bar, he ordered a beer. The cold liquid trickling down his throat tasted like liquid nectar. He really needed this. It took several beers to achieve the desired effect, but soon, he was feeling a lot more relaxed. He looked around the bar that he hadn’t paid attention to when he first walked in and noticed that it had gotten a lot busier since he first arrived. Underlying the noise from the TV screens, he could hear a thumping and, following the sound, he found himself in another room, which had music playing and a dance floor. Kyle didn’t dance, unless the funky chicken was considered dancing. But he had no aversion to watching. Especially if the people were half-naked women in their early twenties, which seemed to be the case here.
Settling himself down in a booth, he watched with appreciation as two women joined those already gyrating to the music. One, in particular, caught his eye. She was very slim and wearing a skirt so short it seemed that her legs went on forever. She was wearing a tight crop top, obviously not wearing underwear bra, as her breasts and nipples were clearly visible and bouncing rather pleasingly with the beat. Her hair was blonde from a bottle, judging by the roots, and hung down past her shoulders. She seemed to sense his scrutiny, as she turned towards him and made eye contact. Smiling knowingly, she started dancing, it seemed, purely for his benefit. Signaling the waitress for another beer, he decided to order two and try his luck. Lifting a bottle, he signaled toward her and, with a quick word to her friend, she made her way over.
"Hey,” she said, as she slid in the booth next to him and picked up a bottle. "Thanks for the beer."
"No problem. Looks like thirsty work."
"You’re not wrong,” she laughed. As she tilted her head back to drink from the bottle, a bead of sweat trickled down from the hollow in her neck and wound its way down between her breasts.
"Do you want to get some air?" he asked on impulse. What’s the worst that could happen? She could only say no. She surprised him, though, by nodding her head in agreement.
Following him out to the parking lot, they both got into his car. He’d parked it in the lot in the back of the bar, so now there was no one else around. The strap of her top had fallen off her shoulder, and he fought an overwhelming urge to pull it down further. Forcing himself to at least attempt polite conversation, he dragged his eyes away from her breasts and up to her face. "We can get to know each other out here. It’s much quieter,” he offered.
She smirked at him. "Let’s not pretend we want to get to know each other. I’m horny. You’re horny. Let’s just fuck."
He hated himself for it, but this had been the only kind of intimacy he’d had since he’d lost Lori, quick hook-ups that meant nothing and were forgotten the moment they were over. He was still a man, after all. But hearing those harsh words from the mouth of this stranger jolted him, this time. It felt wrong, all wrong.
Kyle didn’t know what to say for a moment, but when she reached for him, he grabbed her hand in mid-air. “No, sorry, I’ve made a mistake.”
She looked at him incredulously. “What the hell?”
“Look, I’m sorry. I don’t want this.” He could see that she was angry, and he didn’t want her to cause a scene. “It’s not you. Honestly, you’re a gorgeous girl and I’m flattered, but I just can’t.”
“Freak!” she flung over her shoulder as she got out of the car and stormed back into the bar, leaving him sitting there feeling like an idiot.
Taking a deep breath and starting his car, he drove out of the lot and headed home. He had no idea why, but this whole situation with Tara was bugging him. He’d dealt with countless prostitutes since working for Luccio. He had turned a blind eye to his illegal trade in drugs, though he knew full well what was going on. He had first-hand knowledge of many of his other criminal activities, but it had never really affected him. The numbness he felt had never been troubled. But this, this felt different. It was as if it was rubbing at the edge of his consciousness, demanding the attention of the old Kyle. The one whose life work had been putting scum like Luccio away.
He shook his head, chiding himself. She was just a girl, like all the others. But maybe, just maybe, it was time for him to think about moving on, about trying to rebuild his life into something to be proud of.

Nine


A loud banging woke him. Groaning, he lifted his head and looked at the clock on his bedside table. Three a.m. He’d only been in bed a couple of hours, and his head was reminding him just how much he’d had to drink. The banging started again, and he realized it was coming from his front door. Swinging his legs to the floor, he grabbed his shorts and slipped them on.
"I’m coming!" he shouted, as the banging got louder. Opening the door, he had to react quickly to reach out and stop Tara from falling forward onto the floor. Staggering back, he led her to the couch, where he laid her down. Her beautiful hair was now matted with dark blood, and both her eyes were swollen almost shut. Kyle, in shock, felt gently around her head to see where the blood was coming from. Finding a laceration on her scalp, he gently parted her hair to have a closer look. Luckily, it appeared that, while nasty, it was not life threatening.
"Tara? Tara, talk to me." She seemed barely conscious. He could see she was trying to speak, but her lip was busted and covered in dried blood. Going to the kitchen, he got a glass of water and, returning to her side, he knelt by the couch and gently lifted her head to help her take a sip. The water trickled down the side of her mouth as she drank greedily. "What happened?" he asked her gently, though he already knew the answer.
“I don’t know. I was asleep when he came home. He woke me up and wanted sex, but he couldn’t perform and he just went crazy. I thought he was going to kill me. I’m sorry, I didn’t know where else to go.” Kyle clenched his jaw. He should have stopped him long before this. Luccio was going to kill someone one day. He’d seen him do this many times before, but for some reason this time, with this woman, it was different. This time, it was all he could do to stop himself from finding him right now and beating him to death.
“You’re safe now,” he said. Getting a bowl of warm water and some cotton, he gently wiped the blood from her face.
“Look at me,” she said softly.
He’d been concentrating on trying to avoid looking into her eyes. His hand stilled and he looked at her.
“I’m sorry I’ve been so rude to you the last few days,” she whispered.
“I understand. You’re not paid to entertain me.” He wished he could take the words back as soon as he said them, as he saw her flinch. He watched as her faced hardened.
“No, you’re right, I’m not. I’m sorry I disturbed you.” As she said it, she tried to raise herself off the couch.
Putting his hand on her shoulder, he gently pushed her back down. “God, I’m so sorry. That was an unforgivable thing to say.” Then, suddenly unable to stop himself, he leaned toward her and gently kissed her mouth. He didn’t want to hurt her, so he tried to pull away after a moment, but she put her hand on the back of his neck and brought his mouth back to hers. Her mouth opened under him and he felt her tongue flicker against his. With a low moan at the back of his throat, he kissed her harder, snaking his tongue into her mouth to explore its depths. This was not right. She had come to him beaten and bloodied, and he was not going to take advantage of her.
“I’m sorry. I can’t do this,” he said as he pulled away. Seeing the hurt look in her eyes, he quickly added, “It’s not because I don’t want to. I do, so much, but you’re hurt. You need to rest.”
“You’re right. I’m exhausted,” she said with a sigh.
“Look, you can’t go back in there tonight. Luccio will be passed out by now, anyway, so why don’t you stay here on the couch?”
Tara nodded. As Kyle went to get her a pillow and blanket, she once again picked up the photo frame on the coffee table.
“That’s my wife.” Kyle had come back into the room as she held it in her hand.
“Where is she?” She asked gently.
“She’s dead.” It was said very matter of factly.
“What happened?”
Kyle hesitated.
“I’m sorry. It’s none of my business.”
“No, it’s okay.” He sat down on the couch next to her and picked up the frame. Tara noticed how his face softened when he looked at the photo. She’d obviously meant a lot to him. “She was car-jacked. She’d just come out of Walmart and he had just robbed the store next door.”
Tara’s stomach clenched, knowing what was coming next but not wanting to hear it.
“She would have given him the keys, but he never gave her the chance. He shot her point blank in the head. She died instantly.” Her heart almost broke listening to him and seeing the devastation on his face. “She was on the way back from the OBGYN.”
“She was pregnant?” she said, with a sharp intake of breath, shocked.
Kyle nodded. “Twenty weeks. Our first. A boy. They couldn’t save him.”
Feeling his pain more intensely than she had felt anything in years, she reached for his hand. “I’m so very sorry. You never get over losing a child,” she said, reaching for his hand. “It will get better, I promise you.”
“Oh, really?” he said, suddenly pulling his hand away from hers. “Is that what they teach you? To roll out platitudes and make the clients feel better about their lives. Well, I’m not a client and you don’t have to humor me.”
Stunned, Tara pulled back as if stung. She should have known better. This man was no different than all the rest.
“No, you’re right.” She stood up. “What could a whore possibly know about losing a child?”
Struggling to retain her composure, she turned and walked out the door, resisting the urge to slam it behind her. Damn him! The feelings he’d stirred in her were ones she had never felt before, and now he’d turned out to be just another man.
Confused and disappointed, she returned to the house where Luccio was still sleeping. Climbing into bed next to him, she laid awake as the room got lighter and lighter and she could hear the birds singing in the trees outside. This is what she knew. This she could deal with. She had had worse, a broken arm once, and it would end soon enough. Then she could go back to London and forget all about this man who was occupying her thoughts.
Eventually giving up on sleep, she went to the bathroom and stepped into the shower, washing the blood from her hair, the water stinging her damaged scalp and cut lip. Toweling herself dry, she walked into the bedroom where Luccio was still sleeping. Maybe breakfast, followed by a swim in the pool, would help her clear her head.

Ten


Kyle had been trying to keep himself busy, working out twice a day, every day, but nothing had helped. Whenever he stopped, he saw her bruised and bloodied face in his mind. He’d seen her since, but wherever she had been, Luccio hadn’t been far away. He’d had to watch as Luccio pawed at her, and it had nearly made him sick. He wanted, needed, to apologize. The way he had spoken to her that night had been unforgiveable. She’d only been trying to comfort him. The strong attraction he felt for her had scared him, and the only way he’d been able to deal with it had been to lash out. He was messed up, but the one thing he did know was that for the first time since Lori had been killed, he’d felt the ice block around his heart start to melt, and it was all because of this woman. Today, though, he knew that Luccio had an important meeting in town and was leaving her home alone, and he was determined to find her and explain.
As soon as he heard the car leave, he made his way up to the house. He found her in the kitchen, standing at the counter with her back to him. Her long hair was tied up loosely in a side ponytail, and he longed to go to her and put his arms round her and kiss the back of her neck. Her shoulders had stiffened as he had come into the room, and she turned slowly and met his gaze. He looked into her eyes searchingly, but was met with emptiness.
“I’m so sorry,” he started, but before he could say anything else, they were interrupted by the sound of a car outside. Looking through the window, Kyle saw that Luccio had returned. Noticing his briefcase on the table, Kyle realized what he had come back for and was just about to take it out to him when Luccio walked into the kitchen.
“Ah, there it is,” he said, taking the briefcase. “Look, I don’t need you today. Why don’t you take Tara out and show her around?”
Kyle looked at Tara, who just shrugged. “Fine with me, boss.” He was pleased. This would give him just the opportunity he needed to explain himself to her. “Where do you want to go?” he asked her as Luccio left for the second time.
“You’re the native, you show me,” she replied coolly.
“How about a trip to Venice Beach?” he suggested.
“Okay. That sounds nice. Let me get my things.”
Grabbing his own beach gear, he waited at the front of the house for her to appear. She had changed into tiny cut-off cotton shorts that showed off her endless legs, and a bikini top under a loose, see-through blouse. She looked amazing. He tried, and failed, not to stare at her legs as she got in the car. The effect this woman had on him was unbelievable.
Finding a quiet spot, they dumped their gear. Tara immediately stripped off her blouse and shorts and, at a run, headed straight for the sea.
“Come on,” she called over her shoulder to him as she splashed into the spray. Not normally one for swimming in the ocean, her enthusiasm was infectious and he found himself following her. Trying to catch up to her, he lost his balance and fell headfirst under the water. Sputtering, he stood up to find her laughing uncontrollably next to him.
“What so funny?” he said, trying to spit saltwater out of his mouth.
“Nothing!” she said, giggling. He felt himself start to smile, and then they were both doubled over in fits of laughter. It felt good. Normal. And just what they needed to ease the tension.
After splashing about for a while longer, they headed back to their stuff and lay down to dry off. They didn’t talk, but the silence was a companionable one.
He was dozing when she spoke. “I lost a child, too.” She’d said it so softly, he barely heard her. Kyle was stunned. Raising himself up on one elbow, he looked at her, not knowing what to say.
“You accused me of working you. I wasn’t. I was speaking from experience.” He could tell that it was hard for her to tell him this, to open herself up to him in this way. He knew that this woman deserved nothing short of complete honesty.
“I judged you, and I’m sorry.” He saw a slight softening in her gaze and decided to keep going. “You’ve made me feel something for the first time in a long time, and for that I should be thanking you, not abusing you. Please forgive me.”
“This is hard for me, too. I can’t explain it, but for the first time I feel that my life could be so much more than it is,” she said, her voice shaking. She felt the same way. He knew that now. With his heart racing, he took her in his arms and kissed her deeply.

***

Tara knew now that she couldn’t fight it. There was no future in it, of that she was sure, but right here, right now, she was going to choose to allow herself a bit of happiness. As he held her in his arms, she felt her body respond in a way it never had to anyone before. Forgetting where she was, everything faded into the background except his kiss.
She was jolted back to reality by a volleyball landing on her lap, and she quickly pulled away, laughing.
“Sorry, lady!” shouted a teenager, grinning widely as he came to get the ball. Tara felt the heat in her cheeks, which got even more intense when she saw Kyle grinning at her.
Leaning towards her, he whispered in her ear. “We’re going to pick up where we left off when we get home.”
Quickly gathering their things together and putting their clothes over their swimsuits, they headed back to the car. The sexual tension in the air on the drive back was palpable, and they barely made it to the kitchen before Kyle took her face in his hands and started to explore her mouth with his tongue. Needing more, he trailed kisses along her jaw and down to the hollow between her neck and her shoulder. Responding, she threw her head back and arched her back, pressing herself against him. He could feel her hips pressed hard against his and the firm roundness of her breasts against his chest. He brought his right hand up and cupped one of them now, teasing the nipple through the fabric of her shirt.
“Oh, Kyle!” she gasped, and this just intensified the fire within him. Pulling away slightly, he unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it from the waistband of her shorts. Removing it from her shoulders, he met her eyes, and there was no mistaking the lust in them. Undoing her bikini top, he dropped it to the floor and gazed at her nakedness. Cupping her ass with his hands, he lifted her up and sat her on the counter.
Suddenly, he was brutally yanked back and landed on the kitchen floor with a crash. He had been so caught up in the moment, he hadn’t heard Luccio get home.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Luccio stood over him, angrier than Kyle had ever seen him. Before he had a chance to say anything, he had turned to Tara and, with a backhand across the face, sent her crashing against the kitchen cabinets.
White hot rage took hold of him. With a roar he lowered his head and ran at Luccio. Tackling him, they both went crashing into the kitchen table. The impact left Kyle dazed long enough for Luccio to pick up a kitchen chair and smash it over his head. The last thing he saw before everything went black was Luccio advancing on Tara, and he couldn’t do a thing about it.

***

He wasn’t out long, but it was long enough for Luccio to go to his office and get one of his guns from his safe, a gun he was now pointing at Kyle.
“That’s how you thank me for giving you a job, you motherfucker? I won this whore. You want one? Then go and get your own.”
He moved closer to Tara, who was standing with her back to the counter, clearly terrified, blood coming from her nose. Kyle tried to stand , but Luccio aimed at his head.
“Move, and I’ll shoot.” Grabbing Tara, Luccio told her to go upstairs to his bedroom and pushed her toward kitchen door. Having no choice, she staggered from the room.
“You’ve got an hour to get your stuff and get off my property. After that, all bets are off.”
“You’re going to pay for this, make no mistake.” Kyle glared up at him from his position on the floor.
“Of course, I am. Now, let’s go. I’m not letting you out of my sight.” Getting up, and with Luccio following him, they went to his quarters. Luccio stayed in the living room while he packed what he could carry in a gym bag. A plan was already forming in his mind and, checking that Luccio wasn’t paying attention, he slid a manila folder out from under his mattress and into the bag. As he was escorted off the property, he looked up at the main house. He could see Tara standing in the bedroom window, looking down at him with one hand pressed to the glass. He smiled at her to reassure her, and let her know it would be okay.
Getting into his car under Luccio’s watchful eye, he swore to himself that he would be back for her and that he would make him pay. He wasn’t about to let her stay in the clutches of that monster. With no idea where he was headed, he drove out of the main gates.
Having nowhere else to go, he drove to the nearest cheap motel and checked in. Grabbing his stuff from the car, he walked up a flight of stairs to his room on the second floor. It was dirty and run down, and the sheets on the bed looked as if they hadn’t been changed since the last president was in office, but he didn’t care. It was somewhere he could sit and decide what to do next. Whatever it was, he would need to do it fast. He had no idea if Luccio would keep Tara around after today. Reaching inside his bag, he pulled out the manila folder that he had slipped in there under Luccio’s nose. He had been saving it as insurance, in case he ever needed it. He needed it now. It was the only thing that could get them out of this mess.
Knowing it would be suicide to head back to the house now before Luccio had had a chance to calm down, he reluctantly settled in for the night. He knew he was unlikely to get any sleep, so he stretched out on top of the bed, fully clothed, and stared at the ceiling. His mind wouldn’t stop replaying what had happened earlier. He couldn’t help but wonder what Tara was going through now, and it scared him.
The night seemed to drag on forever, but eventually the darkness receded and morning came. As soon as it was fully light, Kyle grabbed the folder, jumped in his car, and drove back over to the house. His stomach was in knots as he let himself in through the front door, having no idea what he might find. He stopped just inside and listened for voices. Silence.
Quietly taking the stairs two at a time, he made his way up to Luccio’s room and gently opened the door.
“Tara?” he whispered urgently, noting that the bed was empty. No reply. Going further into the room, he checked the closet. Empty. Feeling a finger of fear crawl up his spine now, he ran downstairs, not caring if anyone heard him. Going straight to Luccio’s office, he flung the door open. He was sitting behind his desk and didn’t seem surprised by the intrusion, not even bothering to look up from his papers.
“Where is she?”
Luccio looked up. “Good morning, Kyle. Come to ask for your job back?”
“Where is she?” he repeated, practically shouting at him now, fists clenched at his sides.
He smirked. “You mean the whore? Well, after I informed her boss of what she’d been up to, he insisted she return home. I must say, he didn’t seem very happy with her. He had a car pick her up first thing this morning.”
Kyle was stunned. “What do you mean, she’s gone?”
Luccio’s smile disappeared. “You didn’t really think that I was going to let you both make a fool of me like that, did you?” His mouth set in a hard line. “I warned you when you started to work for me. Don’t ever cross me. Now, get off my property.”
Kyle couldn’t believe he’d ever let himself work for this man. How had he ever managed to justify it to himself? Unable to stop the rage inside him from boiling over, he reached across the desk with both hands and pulled Luccio from behind it. Pulling back his right arm, he threw a punch that sent him crashing to the floor. Luccio looked up at him, wiping the blood away from his nose with the back of his hand, and smirked.
“Oh, Kyle, you have got it bad, haven’t you?”
Taking a deep breath, Kyle tried to calm himself down. He had planned on using the contents of the file to gain Tara’s freedom, but he saw another way of using them now. Picking the folder up from where he’d dropped it when he punched him, he scattered the contents on Luccio’s desk.
“Get her back here. Now,” he demanded.
“Why on earth would I do that?”
Grabbing him by his shirt front, Kyle pulled Luccio to his feet. Dragging him over to the desk he pointed at the papers. “Go ahead, take a look.”
“What’s this?” he asked, picking up a sheet of paper. Kyle watched as the blood drained from Luccio’s face. “Where did you get these?”
Now it was Kyle’s turn to smile. “I’m ex-LAPD, remember? You don’t think I knew what was going on with all those shipments of ‘clothing’? Every single drop off, every collection, dates, times. Everything the LAPD needs to put you away for a very long time is there in those papers. All it will take is one phone call.”
Luccio just laughed. “And then what? You’ll be prosecuted as an accessory. And you still won’t get the girl back. Not much of a plan.”
Dammit, he had a point. He only had one more card to play. He hoped to God it worked. “Maybe. But I have a lot of friends on the LAPD. I’m sure they would be more than happy to let it be known to all the people who get taken down with your operation that you gave them up for a reduced sentence. That should make your time in lock-up much more painful.”
For the first time, Luccio looked uncomfortable. Kyle held his breath. Was he going to call his bluff? “I couldn’t get her back if I wanted to. She was on a flight back to London first thing.”
Kyle let out a breath. Now what? Sitting down in one of the chairs by the desk, he put his head in his hands. He had never expected her to be gone so quickly, so hadn’t planned for it. He needed to think. Suddenly, it dawned on him. If she couldn’t come back to him, he would have to go to her.
“Where’s that invitation with the contact number on it?” he asked, as he started opening desk drawers.
“What do you want that for?”
“How the fuck else am I going to get ahold of them?” he answered hotly.
“Are you nuts? The Group are not people you want to mess with, and they know all about you. They’re not gonna let you anywhere near her.”
Kyle cursed. “I’ll just have to play for her, then. Where’s that damn number?” he said, as he turned another drawer upside down.
“For fuck’s sake, calm down. I’ll get it for you.” Reaching into one of the drawers Kyle hadn’t opened yet, he pulled out the golden invitation and handed it to him.
“Good. Now do exactly as I tell you.”
Luccio’s mouth dropped open. “Me? Don’t drag me into this!”
“All this is your fault, and if you don’t do exactly what I tell you…well, you know what’ll happen.”

Eleven


She hadn’t been happy to get back to her London apartment this time. Everything had changed. What had once seemed light and airy to her now felt hollow and empty. She hadn’t even bothered to unpack, her expensive clothes and shoes left to languish in her suitcase, no longer important. While she’d kept her emotions under lock and key, she hadn’t cared that she lived in a gilded cage. She had known that it wasn’t forever, and that eventually she would get out. She had been perfectly happy to do what was needed, for as long as was needed.
Now, though, every minute under Sergei’s control felt like a lifetime, and she didn’t know how she was going to carry on. She knew she had to, though. She had no other choice. Sergei had been absolutely furious and had instructed one of his men to accompany her back on the flight and not to let her out of his sight. He was standing in her kitchen right now. Sergei himself had told her he would be around to see her that night, and she knew she was going to have to pay for her transgression. She didn’t regret it, though. Kyle had brought out something in her that she had thought was long dead, and she would be forever grateful to him for it.
The doorbell rang at exactly seven p.m. With a deep breath, she stood up, straightened her skirt, and opened the front door. Sergei pushed past her and into the living room without a word, closely followed by three of his men.
“What the hell do you think you’re playing at?” he yelled as he turned to her. She didn’t think she’d ever seen him so angry. “Do you know what damage you could do to my business if it gets out that our prizes fuck the help?”
Tara didn’t know what to say. “Well, do you?” She nodded. “Really, Tara. You, of all people? I thought you knew better.”
“I do, and I’m sorry. I promise it won’t happen again.”
“Damn right, it won’t. You know how it works. I own your ass, and don’t you forget it.”
“I won’t. I don’t know what came over me.” It felt like a betrayal, but what choice did she have? She couldn’t just walk away; he would find her wherever she went. It was far too dangerous.
Sergei sighed heavily. “Well, I don’t have a choice. If any of the others found out I’d let you get away with this, they would all try it, and that would be the end of the Games. You’re going to have to be punished.” He abruptly turned to walk away.
“Wait! What do you mean, punished?” she asked, scared. Sergei shook his head sadly. “The boys will show you.” And he left, closing the front door gently behind him.

Twelve


The waiting had been the hardest. Not being able to do anything, willing the days to pass quickly. Luccio had made contact with the Group with Kyle standing closely by, watching his every move. He’d been very convincing, he had to admit. But then, he was very motivated.
They’d informed him that Tara was scheduled to be the prize at a game in London in two weeks. Creating a fictional friend, he had asked them to extend him an invitation as a favor to him. He had had to convince them that the ‘friend’ was wealthy and could afford the entrance fee before they had been prepared to give him the details. Eventually, they had agreed, and he’d been given the details of where and when the next game was taking place. He’d been furious when he’d realized he’d have to put up the 100k entrance fee, but Kyle had gently reminded him of the joys of prison and he’d had no choice. He hadn’t decided what to do about Luccio, if anything. For now, at least, that was a decision for another day.
Now, as he stood in line waiting to board his flight to London, he felt he was actually doing something. Am I crazy? he thought, as he settled into his seat on the plane. He knew something had passed between them. There had been some sort of connection, but that wasn’t why he was risking everything. He could feel the old Kyle trying to resurface, and it felt good. It was with these thoughts swirling around his head that exhaustion finally overtook him, and he fell asleep for what felt like the first time in days.
The plane was making its final approach when he woke several hours later. He had slept for the whole flight, and apart from a stiff neck, he felt refreshed. Exiting customs, he bought a London A-Z map from one of the many shops in the terminal and made his way to the Avis counter. Checking his watch, he saw that he had a few hours to kill before show time.
Not knowing London, he decided it would probably be a good idea to make himself familiar with the area. The address he had been given was in East London so, after collecting his rental car and checking the route on his map, he made his way there. Fighting his way through the thick traffic across London, he’d had to keep stopping and checking the map before eventually finding himself in an industrial park. It looked like the recession had hit here, too, as most of the units were empty.
After a few minutes, he found the one he was looking for. It appeared to have been empty for a long time. Satisfied that he had done all he could for now, he decided to find somewhere to get freshened up. Remembering a Premier Inn he had seen on the way over, he got back in his car and left the park.
He suddenly realized he was absolutely starving so, after checking in, he headed to the restaurant. He’d been willing this day to arrive, but now that it was here he could feel the tension knotting in his stomach. His future rested on a game of chance. Yes, skill was involved, but chance played a huge part in it, too. He didn’t even know who he was up against. Were these amateurs? Were any of them professional players? Despite his hunger, he found he couldn’t finish his meal and, pushing away the half-eaten plate of pasta, he headed up to his room.
The fictional character created by Luccio was a wealthy industrialist, and he needed to look the part so, before leaving L.A., he had bought himself a very expensive new suit. Taking it out of his suitcase, he hung it up so that any creases would fall out while he took a shower. After getting dressed and adding the expensive watch that Luccio had ‘loaned’ him, he checked himself out in the mirror. He would do.
Emptying the rest of his stuff out of the bag that hadn’t left his side since he’d boarded the flight in L.A., he lifted up the removable bottom. One hundred thousand dollars in neatly stacked bills sat there, courtesy of Luccio. Kyle allowed himself a smile when he remembered the distinctly green shade his ex-boss had turned when he’d handed the money over. Now, all he had to do was win the game. No pressure.

Thirteen


In the two weeks she had been back in London, Tara had managed to convince herself that she should have never gotten involved with Kyle. It had been foolish. A moment of weakness. It hadn’t been some great romance. She’d just got caught up in the idea of it. She’d foolishly allowed herself to imagine what life would be like if she’d been just a normal girl when they’d met.
She was angry at herself for allowing him to awaken feelings in her she’d never known. She’d been okay before, but now her whole life, her future, seemed empty and pointless. She was numb, like an outsider looking in on her life dispassionately. She would have to accept that this was her life, and she needed to make the best of it. She had to forget, to move on, or her life would be unbearable.
If she’d doubted it before, Sergei’s visit had shown her the error of her ways. By the time the three were finished with her, she hadn’t been able to walk. It had taken a week for the bruises to go down enough for her to leave the house, not that she had wanted to. The shopping trip she had planned what seemed like years ago, now no longer held any appeal. Seemed frivolous.
By the time Sergei had called her a couple of days ago and told her she was expected to participate in another game, she’d welcomed it, welcomed the idea of immersing herself in the old Tara, hiding behind her walls again. It would keep her busy and take her mind off Kyle. Hopefully, by the time it was over, she would have managed to, if not forget, accept that it just wasn’t to be for people like her. Slipping into a cream silk blouse and black pencil skirt, she sat on the couch and waited for the car to arrive.

***

Not wanting to appear too eager, Kyle had left it until the last minute to arrive at the Game. Opening the door to the unit, he knew what to expect, so he wasn’t surprised when he came face to face with a powerfull- built man, standing there with his hand outstretched. He’d counted on the muscle being local, and let out a breath when he realized he’d been correct. He didn’t know if they would have recognized him, but it wasn’t a chance he had wanted to take. Smiling, he handed over the cash and made his way over to the table. The nine other players were already at the table, and he nodded to each of them as he took his seat. His stomach was churning and he had never felt more nervous, but he couldn’t afford to let it show. Putting his poker face on, he waited for the game to begin.
The first couple of hours were uneventful, with everyone assessing each other’s capabilities and trying to spot individual weaknesses. Everyone had them. Kyle was lucky. He’d spent many of his off-duty nights playing all-night poker games with his buddies, so was aware of his own faults, which he skillfully hid. One after another, the other players ran out of cash and he lost track of time. The strain of concentrating, not only on the cards but on not letting anything show on his face, had given him a headache. He was cold and stiff, and in desperate need of coffee.
The eighth player had just been knocked out when Kyle heard the tell-tale sound of a car approaching. It had to be Tara. Careful! He could not afford to lose focus now. With only one other player in the game, it was between the two of them. He refused to let himself imagine what would happen if he lost. It wasn’t an option. But this guy, he was good. He was in his late fifties, about 5’2”, and very fat. But his face was completely impassive. He gave nothing away.
The last two hands, he’d been dealt crap cards, and as the dealer dealt a new hand, he prayed that his luck would turn. Making sure to keep his face unreadable, he looked at his cards. He’d been dealt a pair of kings, not a bad hand. He was down to his last few hundred. He had no choice. Bluff it was, then. He pushed what remained of his cash to the center of the table and said a silent prayer.
The fat man called it. Flipping over their cards, Kyle was stunned. Fat man had a seven-two off suit, the worst possible hand a player could start with. Everything rested on the dealer. He turned over three diamonds in a row. Despite the temperature, Kyle felt sweat trickle down his back and pool at the base of his spine. The fat man already had a diamond in his hand. One more and he’d have a flush. Kyle would lose. He felt everything change to slow motion as the card turned over, everything else in the room apart from that card going out of focus.
He’d lost. The fat man had won with a flush.
Kyle felt sick. Staring at his hand, he couldn’t believe he had lost. He had never seen anyone have luck like that. What was he going to do now? The fat man was smiling widely and making his way outside. Pushing his chair back, he stood up, his legs barely holding him, as he watched the back door of the limo open and Tara step out. It felt like a punch to the gut when he saw her, and when the man put his hand proprietarily around her waist, it was all he could do to make himself stay where he was. If he went rushing in there now, it would all be over. He couldn’t risk her seeing him. If she reacted, they would know something was up. Realizing they would soon be leaving, Kyle quietly crept back to where he had parked the car outside the entrance to the warehouse and started the engine. He would wait until they left and follow them. He still didn’t know what he was going to do, but at least he would know where she was.

Fourteen


As Tara sat in the back of the limo, her stomach was churning. She couldn’t do this! She felt the bile rise in her throat as she looked at the man she was expected to satisfy for the next month, and at his fat, sweaty hand that now rested on her knee. As she watched, his hand worked its way up her leg and under her skirt. Swallowing hard, Tara tried to smile, to not let the disgust show on her face.
“You’re beautiful,” he said. She could feel his hot breath on her cheek as he slid closer to her. Closing her eyes, she fought back her tears. Taking a deep breath, she opened her eyes and smiled at him.
Taking hold of his hand and putting it back on his lap, she whispered coyly, “Shall we wait until we get to your place?”
He nodded enthusiastically. Feeling like she had dodged a bullet, she turned to look out of the window at the streets of London as they flew by. She knew she couldn’t avoid it forever, but for the next few minutes she could pretend.

Fifteen


Kyle followed the car closely through the streets of London and to the West End, his hands gripping the wheel so tightly that his knuckles were white. The luck that had abandoned him during the game had found him again, as it was the early hours of the morning and the roads were quiet. Noticing the brake lights of the limo, Kyle slowed down, and then pulled over when it was clear that the car was going to stop.
It had pulled up outside a terraced house in an exclusive square. The square had houses on all four sides, all of which overlooked a park in the center. The house was three stories high and, judging by the expensive cars parked in the street, very expensive. With mixed feelings, Kyle watched as Tara and the winner stepped out of the car and walked up the front steps, entering the house. He had been worried that the winner would whisk her away on a plane to some unknown destination, so was pleased that they were still in London, but knowing what was sure to happen in that house tonight was killing him.

Sixteen


The next morning found Kyle parked outside the house, watching and waiting. He had no big, clever plan, but he was hoping that at some point the winner would leave and Tara would be left in the house alone. Movement caught his eye and he sat up straighter in his seat. The front door was opening. A cold finger of disappointment ran down his spine when he saw that both Tara and the winner were leaving, carrying suitcases.
Fuck! They were obviously going somewhere, and he had no idea where. It didn’t matter. Wherever they were going, he was going to follow. He was not losing her again.
He watched as they got in a taxi, and then pulled out behind it as it drove past. After several miles, he started to recognize the roads and, with a sinking feeling, he realized they were heading to the airport. His mind was spinning furiously. Nothing had gone according to plan and he was out of time. He had no idea what to do next.
He watched as they were dropped off outside the terminal and hurriedly parked the rental car in the short term parking lot, running back to the terminal as quickly as he could. Scanning the sea of thousands of faces frantically, terrified that he had missed her, his eyes finally picked out her face. He let out a breath. All was not lost.
He toyed with the idea of just storming over there, taking her by the hand and just walking away. But that wasn’t an option. The airport was swarming with armed police, as most airports were these days. If he caused a scene, Tara would end up arrested for prostitution and he wouldn’t do that to her. He had to think of something before they went through security. She would be lost to him then. He couldn’t believe his luck when, after a few minutes, she made her way, alone, to the female restroom. Not caring who was inside, and ignoring the indignant looks and cries from the women inside, he followed her in.

Seventeen


Touching up her make-up in the mirror, Tara doubted her own eyes when she saw Kyle’s reflection. Turning, she saw him standing there, and had to hold on to the sink for support as her knees went weak and threatened to fail her.
“What are you doing here? If Sergei finds out, he’ll kill you,” she managed to gasp.
Reaching for her before she fell, he pulled her into his arms. “I love you. I wasn’t about to let you go,” he said simply.
“How did you find me?” she said, still not believing that she was once again in his arms.
“I’ll explain everything to you later. We don’t have much time. We need to go.” Looking at him, she realized that she loved him, too, with her entire being. Could it really be that simple?
“But I can’t!”
“Why not? What’s holding you here?”
Tara shook her head. “You don’t understand! Sergei owns me. You don’t just walk away from a man like him. Don’t you think I would have done it years ago if I could?”
“It’s different now. You’re not alone.”
Tara wanted to believe him, but he was naïve. He had no idea what he was up against. “No, it would be putting you in danger, too, and I won’t do that. I care about you too much.”
“Look me in the eye and tell me you don’t love me,” he demanded.
“I do love you, Kyle, more than I ever thought it was possible to love anyone, but I can’t just walk away. Wherever we went, he would find us.”
“That’s a risk I’m willing to take. I’m not losing you.” This was crazy, but she knew she had made up her mind the minute she had seen him again.

***

They decided that Kyle would walk out first and make sure that the coast was clear. Confirming that it was, he took Tara by the hand and they quickly made their way to the exit and to his car.
It took a few minutes for their breathing to return to normal. “I can’t believe we just did that,” Tara grinned. The grin didn’t last for long, though. “You know it’s only going to be a matter of minutes before Sergei finds out, don’t you?”
Kyle nodded. “Yeah, which is why we need to get ourselves on a flight out of here as soon as we can. Not from here, though. We’ll drive over to Gatwick and catch a flight there.”
Facing forward to start the car, he stopped when Tara put her hand on his arm. “We have to go to my apartment first.”
“What on earth for?” he asked.
Tara explained about the safety deposit box and, knowing they weren’t in a position to walk away from that kind of cash, he agreed.
She gave him directions across town and he drove fast, knowing time was their enemy. Aware that Sergei may well be already on his way there, she grabbed a couple of pairs of jeans and some t-shirts and flung them in a bag. Taking the key for the deposit box from her bedside table, she closed the front door behind her and, without a second glance, ran down the steps to where Kyle was waiting in the car.

***

After going to the bank and emptying her deposit box, they headed to his room at the hotel. As he closed the door behind them, what she was doing suddenly hit her and she started to tremble. “What do we do now? He’ll find us, you know.”
“We leave town. Tonight.”
“But where do we go? Sergei has contacts everywhere. Wherever we go, we won’t be safe.”
“Geneva. He’ll be expecting us to go back to the states. Geneva’s also probably the best place to sell some of that jewelry.”
Tara nodded. “Okay.”
They drove to the airport in silence, their fingers entwined between them. They were in luck. The next flight to Geneva was leaving within the hour with British Airways, and they managed to get two seats. Anxiously watching the departure lounge doors, they were first on when the boarding call came.
As the plane took off, Tara turned to Kyle. “Thank you,” she said. It didn’t seem enough, somehow. He was risking his life for her, but it was all she had.
Smiling, Kyle looked at her. “Try and get some sleep.” She rested her head on his shoulder and, within minutes, Kyle heard the change in her breathing as she fell asleep.
He had no idea what they were going to do next. He still had some contacts from his time at the LAPD and they may be able to help but, for now, they needed to stay off the radar. They would be okay for funds. The jewels and cash in Tara’s carry-on would more than cover their expenses. But Geneva was only a short-term solution. Where they would go from there, he had no idea.

Eighteen


Sergei could barely contain his rage. How dare she? Frank had contacted him, demanding his money back and threatening to get his many contacts to boycott his games. She had completely humiliated him. All these years, and she had never let him down. She had been one of his best girls and now, all of a sudden, she was going off the rails. Well, he couldn’t, and wouldn’t, let her get away with it. Though far from the only income from his business, the Games were one of the most lucrative ventures, bringing in well over thirty million a year. Now, all of that was at risk just because of her.
He’d been stupid. Because she had been with him for so long, he’d given her far more freedom than the others. He should have dealt with her properly after L.A. Usually, his punishments were much more permanent. It was not enough for him now to simply have her dealt with. He was going to get her back. And he had an ace up his sleeve that was going to help him do it.

Nineteen


Watching the ground drop away as they took off, they both relaxed. It was over. After clearing customs at Geneva airport, they’d taken a taxi to the town center. Splurging, they had checked into the Hilton on the shores of Lac Leman and were now sitting in one of the many cafés that dotted the waterfront.
“This is surreal. Am I actually free?” She couldn’t believe it. “Three weeks ago, I hadn’t even met you. You’ve turned my life upside down.”
“In a good way, I hope?” he asked gently, smiling at her.
“Yes, of course. It’s just such a lot to take in,” she sighed. “And there is a lot about me that you don’t know.”
“Whatever there is won’t change the way I feel. I felt it the first time I met you,” Kyle said.
Tara wanted to give herself to this man, and for the first time in her life, wanted to do it freely. Taking him by the hand, she stood up. “Shall we head back?”
Hand in hand, they walked back to their hotel.

***

Snuggled up against his chest, sweat cooling on her skin, Tara felt safe for the first time in her life. She needed this wonderful man to know everything about her. He needed to know all about her past. If he was to love her, then he needed to know everything about her.
“Do you remember back in L.A. I told you I’d lost a child, too?” she said.
His arm tightened around her. “Yes, of course I do, but you don’t have to tell me about it until you’re ready.”
Raising herself on her elbow, she placed her hand on his chest and looked into his eyes. “I want to tell you now.” Not wanting to see any disappointment in his eyes, she laid her head back down on his chest. “I was fourteen and I’d been sleeping with Sergei for over a year.” She held her breath, waiting for his condemnation, but it never came. “My mother sold me to him when I was twelve to pay a gambling debt. I didn’t even know I was pregnant until my clothes got too tight.”
She felt the tears running down her cheeks as she told the story she had never told anyone for all these years. “He was good to me then. He never touched me while I was pregnant. I had a home birth and, God, she was perfect.”
She was sobbing now as Kyle held her closer. “Stop, Tara. You don’t need to put yourself through this.”
She wiped away her tears and nodded. “Yes, I do. You need to know everything. I need you to love me, knowing everything.” Swallowing a sob, she continued. “They took her away when she was just a few minutes old to be checked over by the doctor. She had a seizure. He tried to save her, but there was nothing he could do. I never saw her again.”

***

Kyle couldn’t believe the pain this woman had been through, and how she’d kept it inside all these years. Taking her in his arms, he let her cry.
“It’s over now,” he said to her softly. He would do everything in his power to protect this woman from any further pain, ever again.

Twenty


They spent the next couple of days like tourists, taking in the sights and strolling along the lakeside, hand in hand. Thanks to Tara’s safe deposit box, they had managed to sell a substantial amount of the jewelry and now had a sizeable sum set aside.
On the third night, at dinner, Kyle raised the subject they had both been dreading. “So, what do we do now?”
Tara shook her head. She had no idea. “He has tentacles everywhere. He will find us. It’s just a matter of when.”
“Then I think we should head back to L.A.”
“What? Are you crazy?”
“No, think about it. It’s the one place he won’t expect us to go.”
Turning this over in her mind, Tara realized he was probably right.
“And I know L.A. It’s my hometown. If I can get lost anywhere, it’s there.”
Tara smiled. “L.A. it is, then!”
The following morning, after another night of exploring each other’s bodies, they booked a flight to the U.S. and started packing. It was taking quite a long time, as they didn’t seem to be able to get enough of each other and kept stopping to make love. Tara was still coming to terms with the fact that she was free of Sergei’s clutches, and was at last allowing herself to believe that she may have a happy future.
She was just putting the last few things in her case when she came across her cell phone. Remembering she had turned it off for the flight and hadn’t turned it back on since, she hit the power button. Immediately, she got a notification that she had a text message waiting. Without thinking, she displayed it, and instantly her world fell apart. She felt her world tilt on its axis. The minute she saw the image, she knew the truth. He had lied. Her daughter was still alive.

Kyle came out of the bathroom just in time to watch all the color drain from her face, and see her fall down to her knees.
“Tara? What’s wrong, honey?” She didn’t answer, just shook her head. Prying the phone from her grip, he looked at the screen. Displayed there was a message from Sergei. In it was a photo of a young girl, under which it simply said, “Doesn’t she look like her mother?” Looking at the photo more closely, Kyle realized that there was no denying there was an incredibly strong resemblance between the girl in the image and the woman who knelt, destroyed, in front of him.

Twenty-One

Six Months Later


As she stood at the window of their apartment looking out on the street below and the people passing by, Tara couldn’t help but think about how much her life had changed in the past six months.
After leaving London and Sergei behind, they’d managed to raise enough money in Switzerland from the sale of her jewelry to rent the small apartment where she now stood, and still be comfortable. The apartment, while not in one of the more expensive areas of L.A., was still in a good one. The street was nice, with trees lining the pavement on each side. The apartment itself was one of eight in a four-story block, each floor having two. It was a one bedroom, two bath unit with a large, open plan living room and kitchen. The high ceilings and big windows let in plenty of light. They had rented it furnished, and the furnishings, though not what she would have chosen, were nice enough in creams and browns. The kitchen was quite small, but it turned out that neither of them were very good cooks, so take-out figured a lot on their menu.
At first, it had been fine. She’d been happy to feel safe and protected inside the apartment, and had enjoyed getting to know Kyle better. They had barely known each other a few weeks before ending up here, and in that time they had had no time to truly explore and get to know each other. So, over the past six months they had spent hours talking, often sitting up all night and reveling in each other’s company, falling more deeply in love with each passing day. Once they’d been here a couple of months, and they’d felt a bit bolder, he had taken her out and given her the grand tour of L.A. Holding hands and giggling like teenagers, he’d shown her all the tourist sights before introducing her to some interesting places that didn’t appear on any tourist’s map.
It had been six months now, though, and Tara was starting to go a bit stir crazy. Much as she loved Kyle and his company, she was bored. She couldn’t work, was a UK citizen and she had no skills to speak of. It wasn’t that she needed to work. Money was not an issue at the moment as they had plenty to live on, but she felt isolated. A job would allow her to meet new people, get out of the apartment more.
It was different for Kyle. He had insisted that he had to work, for his pride’s sake, and he had soon gotten a job as security in a local mall. Tara was proud of him. It was only a temporary job, but she knew it meant a lot to him to not be living entirely off her.
She barely left the apartment alone, both of them still fearing that Sergei’s men were out there somewhere waiting to snatch her back, and so she spent most of her days cooped up indoors. She sometimes went shopping or headed down to the beach, but there was only so much sightseeing and shopping a girl could do. Now that all the sightseeing was done and the excitement of setting up their new home had passed, she had time on her hands. Time to dwell on thoughts of her daughter, not that she’d ever really stopped thinking about her. How could she? Her daughter was out there, somewhere. Alive.
Her immediate reaction after receiving Sergei’s message had been, unsurprisingly, to rush back to London, to take her daughter in her arms and never let her go. She’d been hysterical, and would have acted without thinking if Kyle had not been there. He had kept a much more level head. She’d known, of course, that that was exactly what Sergei had wanted, and expected, her to do when he’d sent the message, and she didn’t care.
Kyle felt, though, that if she went back, that would be the end. She would never again be free. So she’d allowed him to bring her here and she had, almost mechanically at first, settled down to her new life. Gradually, things had gotten easier, and she now didn’t think about her daughter from the moment she woke to the moment she went to sleep. But she couldn’t forget, and the longing never left her. It was one thing to move on thinking her child was dead, but to know that she was alive made it impossible. What was she like? What was her name, even? Did she know about her? These were questions she allowed herself to ponder whenever she thought of her.
The front door slammed, snapping her out of her reverie, and she turned away from the window as Kyle entered the apartment. She still got that rush of feeling when she saw him, that shiver of anticipation that ran down her spine and made the breath catch in her throat.
He’d just finished work and was still wearing the uniform of the security firm he was working for. Dark blue trousers molded themselves to his strong thighs, and the white shirt was stretched taut across his chest. Tara felt that familiar warmth spread between her legs as she looked at him, and marveled at the fact that this man had such a strong impact on her.
Seeing her, the furrow that had been between his eyes as he walked through the door vanished, and a wide smile spread across his face. He opened his arms to her. She happily went to him and he held her close. Breathing in his scent and feeling his strong arms around her, Tara smiled. This was where she was meant to be.
She would tell him about the message later.

Twenty-Two


Kyle felt tired as he let himself in to the apartment. It had been another long nightshift working as security at the local mall. He didn’t like his job, and the hours were antisocial, but it served a purpose. He couldn’t go back to the LAPD, and private security hadn’t worked out so well so, after talking it through with Tara, they had decided that he should become a private investigator. He had the experience and the knowledge, so dealing with horny husbands wouldn’t be too difficult. It wouldn’t happen overnight, though. There were rules and procedures to follow, and he would need to obtain a license. All that would take time.
That had left him with a dilemma as to what to do until his license came through, so he had taken the security job as a way of earning some money while he waited. Tara had been adamant that he didn’t need to work right away, that they had enough from the sale of her jewelry to support them for now but that was something he wouldn’t even consider. There was no way he was going to live off Tara. The money he made was not much, little more than minimum wage, but it allowed him to feel as if he was contributing. That was very important to him. He had his pride, after all.
One of the first things he had done when they’d arrived back in L.A. was go to the police. Luccio may well have helped Kyle get Tara back, though not willingly, but Kyle’s conscience wouldn’t let him off the hook. Taking all the evidence he had kept about the girls and Luccio’s criminal activities, he had handed it all over to the LAPD. He did not feel even a flicker of guilt. The only thing he felt was shame that he had worked for Luccio for so long, and helped cover up all the terrible things he had done.
He’d had some tough questions to answer but, ultimately, they had been very receptive. Luccio had been under surveillance for a long time, and they had been waiting for an opportunity to bring him down. He hadn’t told them about Tara. There had been no reason to, and his history with the department meant that he wouldn’t face any charges for his part. He had a feeling, though, that he had just called in his last favor from them, and that if he got into trouble again, he would be on his own.
Tara was standing by the window as he walked in and, in the brief moment before she turned to face him, he saw the sadness etched on her face, cutting him to the core. He loved this woman with every fiber of his being and there was nothing he wouldn’t do for her, but he couldn’t help her get her daughter back. They’d sat down and talked about it. Over and over. But whichever way they turned it, there was nothing they could do. They knew nothing about her, not even where she lived, and there was no way they were equipped to go up against Sergei and his goons. They’d managed it once, but it would tempt fate far too much to try and do it again.
Beyond that, did this girl even know who Tara was? She was a teenager now, so they couldn’t just walk in and grab her, could they? So, reluctantly, they had agreed that, for now, they had no option but to let it go and to move on with their lives.
At first, they’d been very careful, constantly feeling as if they were being watched. As time had gone on and nothing had happened, they had become more open and relaxed in their new life together, though the shadow of Tara’s pain was never far away.
As soon as Tara had noticed him, she’d walked into his arms. “I missed you last night,” she murmured into his chest.
“I missed you, too. Everything okay here?” He felt her nod.
“Shall I make you some breakfast?”
He realized at the question that he was starving. “Yeah, that would be great. Let me just take a quick shower and freshen up first.” He felt grimy from all the less than savory people he’d come into contact with during his shift.
Before he could head to the bathroom, the buzzing of his phone in his pants pocket stopped him.
“Long time, stranger.” He recognized the voice at the other end of the phone.
“Kat?”
“None other.”
“Gosh, how long’s it been?” He smiled at Tara as she indicated she was going to use the bathroom.
“Since you left the department. Thanks for keeping in touch, by the way,” she said, a hint of irritation in her voice. He immediately felt a stab of guilt.
“I’m sorry. It was just hard, you know?” It had been hard. Kat was his old partner from his LAPD days. They’d been partners for years, from before he’d met and married Lori.
“I know, but damn, I was worried about you!” There was nothing he could say to that. He had only cheated on Lori once, in the very early days of their relationship, and it had been with Kat. He couldn’t explain to her now that the guilt he had felt after she had died had almost killed him, and there was no way he could bring himself to see her.
Changing the subject, he asked, “So, what can I do for you? And how did you get this number?”
“Well, you would have known this if you’d stayed in touch, but I’m in narcotics now.” Kyle was not surprised. That had always been her goal. “And you left your number when you reported your old boss.”
“That’s great. I’m happy for you, really I am. But I still don’t see where this is going,” he said, walking through to the bedroom.
“I’ve been working on the Luccio Magotti case. We’ve been running an operation for the past few months and it culminated last night. We have him in custody on drug charges. Lots of them.”
Kyle felt a sense of relief. It was good to know that the bastard was off the streets. “That’s great news, Kat. I appreciate you taking the time to let me know. Keep in touch, okay?”
“Wait a minute, Kyle. I’m not done.” Wondering what more there could be, Kyle waited. “He wants to do a deal with the D.A. “
“What kind of deal?” Kyle said, a sinking feeling in his stomach. He did not like where this was going.
He heard Kat take a deep breath at the other end of the phone. “Kyle, he says he has information about who killed Lori.”
Kyle felt all the air escape from him as he thudded down on the bed. He hadn’t seen that coming.
“The D.A.decided to do the deal. I thought you deserved to know.” Kyle realized that Kat was still talking, though her voice now sounded far away. “Has he given you a name?”
“They’re just doing the paperwork now, and then he will be re-interviewed. As soon as there is any news, I will let you know. Okay, buddy?”
Kyle ended the call in a daze. It wasn’t that he had forgotten about Lori. He couldn’t have, but it had been such a long time he’d almost given up hope. Then he’d met Tara, and it had somehow been pushed aside. Not forgotten, but not all encompassing. He still grieved, but it was no longer what he thought about every minute of every day.
He looked up as Tara came out of the bathroom and felt a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. What kind of a man was he? His wife and unborn child were murdered and he didn’t think about them all the time. Here he was, getting on with his life as if they had never existed. He had to get out of there, had to get some air.
Brushing off the hand she had placed on his shoulder, he ignored the hurt and confused look on her face and got dressed. It was not Tara’s fault, but if he hadn’t met her he wouldn’t be moving on with his life. In some way that he didn’t understand, that made him angry with her, an anger that had come out of nowhere. He had no idea how to deal with the different feelings that were now assaulting his mind, but he knew he needed to be alone right now.
Unable to look her in the eye, or even speak to her, he brushed past her and walked out of the apartment without a word.

***

Tara heard Kyle finish his phone call as she was coming out of the bathroom. She found him sitting on the bed, clutching the phone in his hand, looking as if his world had just come crashing down.
The look on his face told her that something was wrong and, the smile slipping from her face, she instinctively put her hand on his shoulder. She was shocked when he brushed her hand away and got dressed. “What’s wrong?”
He didn’t answer, instead walking out the bedroom door and then the apartment itself without a word.
Tara was bewildered. What had just happened? He’d obviously had bad news, but why would he just leave? What was going on? He had never shown her anything but love, and this display of what could only be described as, well, dislike, shook her to her very foundation and she had to sit down on the bed.
She had planned on letting him sleep after his night shift and then bring up the subject of her daughter. She needed to tell him about the messages. She’d been unable to stop herself replying to the last one, and knew she’d been foolish. She needed to share the burden with him, needed him to know what was going on so that they could deal with it together. After what had just happened, though, there was no question that it would have to wait, and that she would need to keep her secret for a while longer.

Twenty -Three


It had been hours since Kyle had left the apartment, and she hadn’t heard a word from him. All her attempts to call him had gone straight to voicemail. At first, she’d left a couple of messages, but when they went unanswered, she decided she would just have to wait until he was ready to talk to her. She’d run through the events of the morning in her mind until she’d made herself dizzy, and still she was no closer to understanding what had happened.
To keep herself busy, she’d gone to the store and stocked up on groceries, which she enjoyed as it was one of the rare opportunities she got to leave the apartment. She had done all the laundry, which was now washed, dried, ironed and put away. Now that she’d stopped and sat down, though, she found that the hurt and confusion had faded and left in its place an angry knot that was growing bigger the longer he stayed away. Whatever that phone call had been about did not give him the right to treat her like this.
She jumped at the buzzing of her phone as it skittered across the coffee table. She grabbed it, thinking it would be Kyle. As soon as she saw who it was, her heart started pounding.
The text was from Sergei. Opening the attachment, she saw the photo she had come to expect and her heart clenched. There she was, her beautiful baby. Except she wasn’t a baby any more, she was fourteen. As with every other message she had received, the feelings that came over her left her reeling as if from a punch in the stomach.
She was still coming to terms with the fact that her daughter was still alive, and every time a message arrived, it brought all her emotions into sharp focus. All those years she had grieved for her child, for the future she would never have, and it had all been a lie. Now, she grieved for all those years of not being there for her first steps, her first words and her first day at school.
After that first message in Geneva, the photos had started arriving every month. The second time, they were still trying to get settled in L.A. Kyle was being interviewed by the LAPD over his evidence against Luccio and looking for a job, so she hadn’t wanted to bother him. After that, as the messages kept arriving, there had never seemed like a good time.
Now it was too late. She could no more stop receiving these messages than she could rip out her own heart. Touching the screen of the phone with her finger, she traced the contours of her daughter’s face. There was no doubt who she was: the shape of her face, her mouth and her nose were identical to Tara’s. Her eyes flashed the same green, though her hair was brown and not the black of her mother’s hair.
A message had been included this time and, dragging her eyes away from the photo, she read the words. I’ve told her all about you. She wants to meet you.
Tara clutched the phone to her chest. She couldn’t go back. There was not a shadow of a doubt in her mind that Sergei would never let her leave again, yet she didn’t know how she was going to stay away.
Feeling like she was being torn in two, Tara curled up on the couch and cried. Trying Kyle’s number once more, it just went to voicemail. She needed him right now. She’d been self-reliant for so long, it had taken a lot for her to let down her defenses and trust and confide in Kyle. Now she had come to rely on him. Where was he when she needed him most?

Twenty-Four


Kyle hadn’t known where he was headed when he’d left the apartment, he’d just needed to get out. He’d been walking aimlessly, and was surprised when he looked up and saw that he was standing outside the police precinct. He stood there for a moment, not knowing what to do. Luccio was in that building somewhere, and he had information that could change his life. Deciding he had no choice, he walked up the front steps to the big glass double doors and went inside.
Announcing himself to the officer at the front desk, Kyle told him who he wanted to see. He waited, taking a seat on one of the scratched and dirty plastic chairs that littered the waiting area. He didn’t have to wait long. A few minutes later, the locked door to the side front desk swung open and there she was.
Kat hadn’t changed a bit. Her shoulder-length, dark brown hair was held back in a ponytail and her beautiful violet eyes wore only minimal make-up. She was wearing stonewashed blue jeans and a white blouse that did nothing to hide a fantastic figure.
Despite her looks, what Kyle had always found most attractive about her was the aura of competence she exuded. Nothing fazed her, and he’d seen her single-handedly take down a 6-foot bad guy brandishing a gun. This woman was tough. She didn’t seem to be thrilled to see him, though, judging by the frown on her face as she walked towards him.
“Kyle, what on earth are you doing here?”
He stood up. “You know why I’m here, Kat. You didn’t honestly expect me to stay away after your call, did you?”
Putting her hands in her pants pockets, she raised her eyebrow. “And what do you think you can do? Have you forgotten that you’re not LAPD anymore?”
“Of course I haven’t,” he replied. “Look, I know there’s nothing I can do, but I have to be here. You understand that, don’t you?”
Kat nodded. She’d been the one who had broken the news to him when Lori had been killed, and he knew he didn’t have to remind her what that had done to him. “Yes, of course I understand, but what are you going to do? Sit out here until we’ve interviewed him? Even if you do, I won’t be able to tell you anything. You know that.”
Kyle did, but he was hoping that he would be able to twist her arm. “I’m not asking to sit in on the interview or anything. Just observe. Please?” He let out a breath when Kat, after a long pause and a very hard look, reluctantly nodded her agreement.
“Okay. But you do exactly as you’re told. It’s my ass on the line if anyone sees you.”
“Absolutely.”

Twenty-Five


He hadn’t given up. He had no intention of giving up. Nobody had ever walked away from him before, and they weren’t about to start now. In the six months since Tara had gone, Sergei had been busy carrying out damage control. Some of the girls started complaining about their working conditions and threatening to leave, and he had come down hard on them, making an example of them.
The players hadn’t been happy, either. Tara had been one of his most popular prizes, and participation in the games had noticeably dropped off once word had got out that she was no longer available. If she’d done the right thing, paid the 250k to buy herself out, he would have let her go. He liked to think he was quite honorable like that. But to just run out on him? Leave him with a very unhappy client and embarrass him? No. She was going to pay for that.
For the time being, though, now that a few of the girls had been disciplined, he had a few vacancies that needed to be filled. He was interviewing the last of the replacement girls today and then he’d be able to give Tara his full attention and decide what he was going to do. A knock on his office door signaled that the girl had arrived, and he turned his thoughts to the matter at hand.
His office was located above his most successful London casino, and this is where he had been holding interviews. As his flagship casino, no expense had been spared in the décor, and this applied to his own private office as well. It was huge, and the floor was covered with thick, black carpet. The walls were stark white in contrast, covered in black and white prints of famous fifties movie stars.
A large black leather couch was set against one wall, and across from the couch sat a black glass desk. The only nod to color of any kind was the green blinds on the windows behind the desk, which filled the entire wall. A door led from the office to a private bathroom, complete with a floor-to-ceiling shower, the walls lined with imported Italian stone.
“Come in,” he said now, and Joey, one of his aides, walked in, followed by a girl of about twenty. As she came to stand in front of his desk, he looked her up and down and liked what he saw. Her short blue dress showed off her long legs nicely. Her blonde hair was piled high on top of her head, exposing the long curve of her neck. He needed to see more, though. This was an audition, after all.
“Get your clothes off,” he barked. Without a word, she confidently unbuttoned her dress and let it slip to the floor, kicking her shoes aside. She was not wearing a bra and stood in just her panties, about the size of a piece of string. Her breasts were round and pert and just the perfect size. The nipples stood erect under his gaze.
It had no effect on Sergei. She was far too old for his tastes, but he needed to see if she was up to the job. That’s what Joey was for. “You ready for your audition?”
The girl smiled at him and nodded.

***

After Joey and the girl had gone, Sergei poured himself a coffee from his coffee maker and reached for his cell phone. It was time. Every month since Tara had left, he had, without fail, sent her a different photo of her daughter. For the first few months the text had gone ignored but last month she had replied. Just four words. What is she like?
That had been enough to tell him that he was doing the right thing. She would come back of her own accord, of that he had no doubt, and when she did? Well, she would pay. He had no intention of letting her have anything to do with Anna. She was his daughter, and his alone. She didn’t even know about Tara and he wasn’t about to tell her that her mother was a whore, but Tara didn’t know that and he could, and would, use it to get what he wanted. He pressed send, the message off to its intended target. He knew he was getting to her. It was just a matter of time until she did what he wanted.

Twenty-Six


Kyle looked down at his phone. It was Tara again. She’d been calling him since he left the apartment, but he hadn’t answered. He didn’t want to talk to her, and her constant calling felt almost like an intrusion. He ignored the call, telling himself that he’d talk to her when he had a better idea of what he wanted to say. Not wanting to be disturbed again, he switched his phone off.
After agreeing to let him watch the interview, Kat had buzzed him through the main door and into the precinct. Ushering him through to a side room, she’d left him with strict instructions that he was to remain there and keep quiet. He felt a bit guilty for pressuring her to let him be here, but he needed to hear what Luccio had to say.
Putting his phone in his pocket, he returned his attention to the window in front of him and watched as Kat entered the room, sitting down at the table across from Luccio. He felt as tightly coiled as a spring, the tension stiffening his shoulders and leaving his fists clenched. He watched as Kat handed the paperwork for the plea deal to Luccio’s legal counsel. It took him several minutes to read it, and the silence while he did nearly drove him crazy.
Once it was signed, the questioning began in earnest. Kat started slowly at first, going over old ground and re-establishing what they already knew. Kyle wanted to shout at her to just get on with it, but he knew that Kat was a skilled interrogator who knew what she was doing. She would get there. He would just have to be patient. Eventually, she brought him around to the subject of Lori. He could feel the tension in the room as Luccio began to describe what had happened.
Kyle stood transfixed, his breathing shallow, as he heard Luccio explain that it was a drug deal gone bad. Luccio had supplied a large portion of the drugs in downtown L.A. through his network of dealers. One of these had been selling product through a staff member at the video store next to the Walmart where Lori had been shopping. The store manager had walked in on the deal taking place and called 911, so the dealer had run. That’s when he had come across Lori in the parking lot and stolen her car, killing her and her baby in the process.
Kyle felt sick to his stomach as Luccio explained that it had never been meant to happen. That sick feeling turned into disbelief, though, as Luccio kept on talking. He explained that when he found out that Lori’s husband was a cop, he had been worried that, somehow, it would be traced back to him. He’d kept an eye on Kyle through his various contacts and, when Kyle had lost everything, he had stepped in to offer him the job as his head of security to keep him close.
They still didn’t have a name, though, and that was all that Kyle was really interested in. As though she could sense what he was thinking, Kat asked him the one question that they were really here for. Who had shot her?
With a last look at his counsel, who nodded his agreement, Luccio turned to Kat and gave up the name. Deshaun Ali. He had a name! Kyle felt adrenalin rush through his veins. At long last, they would get his wife’s killer.

***

“I want to talk to him,” Kyle said as soon as Kat opened the door to the side room.
She looked at him as if he had lost his mind. “Not gonna happen!”
“Please, Kat, I’ve got questions I need answers to,” he pleaded.
“You know better than anyone else what would happen if I let you in there! I could lose my job from letting you watch as it is.” She shook her head. “I’m sorry, Kyle, but the answer’s no.”
He knew better than to push it. And she was right, he’d already tried their friendship as it was, and it wouldn’t be fair to push it further. “Look, we’ve got a name. It’s more than we’ve ever had.”
Kyle nodded. Yes, it was, but a name wasn’t enough. They would need to find him and even then, Luccio telling them that he was the one who had killed Lori wasn’t enough to actually arrest and charge him for it. They would need more. “So, what are you going to do next? Have you heard of this guy? Do you know where you’re going to look?”
Kat held up her hands. “Slow down. We’ve only just gotten the name!”
He knew she was right. Taking a deep breath, he tried to calm himself down. “Yeah, of course. I’m sorry. Thanks for everything you just did in there,” he told her. “Just keep me in the loop, okay?”
Kat placed her hand on his arm. “Of course I will.”

***

It was dark by the time he let himself in to the apartment, and he was surprised to find there were no lights on. Walking over to the lamp in the living room, he switched it on and was surprised to see Tara curled up on the couch, fast asleep. Watching her, Kyle felt ashamed about the way he had treated her that morning. Crouching down in front of her, he stroked her cheek, pushing a strand of her hair that had fallen across her face behind her ear. She stirred under his touch, and when she opened her eyes he could see that she had been crying.
“What’s wrong?” he asked her.
She looked at him for moment, then shook her head and smiled brightly. “Nothing, nothing at all. Where did you go? I was worried about you.”
Seeing the concern etched on her face, Kyle felt like a complete bastard for walking out the way he had, with no explanation. “I’m so sorry. I don’t know what came over me.” He knew he owed her an explanation. “Have you eaten?”
She shook her head.
“Okay, I’ll make us some pasta.” He’d had time since leaving the precinct to think, to get his head straight. He hadn’t come home right away, not wanting to face Tara and answer her questions. He’d needed some time to himself to figure out what was going on in his head.
Finding a bar, he’d spent the next few hours nursing a couple of beers and trying to understand his feelings. He’d finally figured out that it had been the guilt that had made him react the way he had. He couldn’t believe he’d felt anger towards Tara, even for an instant. She had not made him fall in love with her, hadn’t made him choose to move forward with his life. No, any anger he felt should be directed at himself for allowing justice for Lori to take a back seat.
Well, no more. All this had made him realize that he needed to close this chapter of his life if he wanted to move forward with Tara with a clear conscience. And the only way to do that was to find Lori’s killer.
The pasta was simple, but good. He hadn’t eaten all day, having been distracted from his breakfast, so was now starving. He didn’t talk while they ate, digging in hungrily. Putting his fork down after the last satisfying mouthful, Kyle knew that it was time to tell Tara what was going on.
She already knew what had happened to Lori, but what she didn’t know was how much it had affected him afterwards. He’d glossed over his reasons for leaving the LAPD, and he hadn’t told her about his obsession leading to him losing everything. He told her now, how the need to find her killer had taken over his life, had led him to sacrifice everything in the search for justice.
What he couldn’t explain, just couldn’t put into words, was how the phone call had triggered the guilt he felt for moving on with his life, or how that guilt had turned into anger toward her. Blaming his actions on the phone call, he explained that the shock of it had caused him to react the way he did, an explanation she seemed to accept. He couldn’t tell her the truth. It would hurt her, and that’s the last thing in the world he ever wanted to do. No, some things were best kept to himself.

***

Tara listened as Kyle told her about his family, saw the pain in his eyes as he described the effect their loss had had on him. Her heart broke, but she did not reach out to him, sensing that this would just make it harder for him. She instinctively knew that he was holding something back but she didn’t question him, not wanting to push him away.
There was no question in her mind now that she couldn’t tell him about the message. She wanted to. She didn’t like keeping secrets from him, but he had so much to deal with right now she couldn’t, wouldn’t, burden him further. No, she would just have to bear this on her own for a while longer. She had survived so much in her life. She would manage this, too.
“So you went there today, to see Luccio?” she asked him, hating the feel of his name on her tongue.
“Not to see him, to find out what information he had. It was worth it, even though I wanted to reach through the glass and choke him. He gave up a name.”
“That’s great news! So are they going to arrest him?”
“No.”
Tara was confused. “Why not?”
Kyle explained that even if they knew where he was, and they didn’t, the best they could do at the moment would be to bring him in for questioning.
“Well, they will find him and he will pay for what he did, I’m sure of it.” Tara said brightly, happy that Kyle was going to get his wish. Standing up, she went over and stood behind his chair, slipping her arms around him and nuzzling his neck. “The police will deal with it properly this time, I’m sure. It won’t be the same as it was before.” Kyle didn’t respond. “You are going to let the police deal with it aren’t you? You’re not going to do anything silly?” Tara needed to know.
“Of course I’m not. Don’t worry,” he said, turning and kissing her cheek.
Happy now, she cleared the plates and took them into the kitchen. She didn’t see the look on Kyle’s face. If she had, she would have known that just waiting for justice to happen was not going to be an option.

Twenty-Seven


They met at a coffee shop just around the corner from the precinct. Kyle had arrived early, anxious, and was already seated in a booth by the window, nursing an Americano when Kat walked in. Sliding into the seat opposite him, she ordered the same and sat back.
“So? Have you got him?” he asked immediately.
“Good morning to you, too!” she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm. He waved her off, impatiently. With a sigh, she replied, “No. I’m sorry, Kyle, but we’ve looked everywhere, got feelers out, but no one has seen him.”
Kyle felt himself deflate. He had hoped that she would have good news. “So how much effort are the LAPD actually putting into this? I don’t suppose it’s really that important to them.” He felt bad for saying it as soon as he saw the stung look on Kat’s face. “I’m sorry, that was uncalled for.”
Kat nodded. “Yes. It was.” She looked at him in the eyes. “You were one of us Kyle, and so was Lori. It’s important.”
Kyle dropped his eyes to the coffee in front of him. “So what now?”
“We keep looking. Keep talking to our CI’s. Something will give. It just may take some time.”
That’s exactly what he was worried about. It was starting to eat him up inside, and the longer it went on, the worse it was going to get. “Give me five minutes with Luccio, alone. I’ll get you the information you need.”
Kat sighed. “You know better than anyone that it doesn’t work like that. And you want him to pay, don’t you?”
Kyle nodded.
“Then you have to let us do this by the book. The last thing any of us wants is to get this guy and then find out he gets off on a technicality.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I guess it’s just that we’ve never been so close before.”
Kat looked him in the eye. “I know it’s hard, but you have to believe that we will get him in the end.” She smiled. “Look, as soon as I have any news, anything, I’ll let you know. Okay?”
Kyle tried to return her smile, but it looked more like a grimace. “Okay. Thanks, Kat.”
Drinking the last of his coffee, he left ten bucks on the table, said his goodbyes and left Kat to her coffee.

Twenty-Eight


Something was wrong. Tara had been woken by the sound of the front door closing. Checking her watch, she saw that it was not yet nine a.m. That was twice in two days now he had left without letting her know where he was going. Their lovemaking last night had been as intense, as passionate, as it always was but she couldn’t help but feel that he was holding something back.
Throwing back the covers, she slipped on her robe and went to make coffee. Pacing round the kitchen, she felt like a caged animal. She couldn’t spend another day all alone with just her thoughts for company. She had started venturing out more and more as time had passed, but she was still nervous about going out alone so, usually, they went out together.
But today, she needed to get out. If she didn’t, she felt like she was going to scream. She was not going to spend another day cooped up here while Kyle was off God knows where! Deciding to treat herself to breakfast out, she quickly showered, pinned her hair up in a bun and got dressed.
She paused as she stepped out of the apartment and filled her lungs with fresh air. God, that felt good. She stood there a while, feeling the hot sun on her face. Feeling her mood lift, she decided to head to the mall. It was only a few blocks away and she would enjoy the walk.
She thought she might treat herself to some sexy new underwear. She didn’t think the bedroom was the problem, but it never hurt to make sure that things stayed interesting in that department! She’d been walking for about twenty minutes, enjoying the bustle and noises of life in L.A., when she happened to glance in the window of a coffee shop as she walked passed.
What she saw stopped her in her tracks, as if she’d been slapped. Kyle was sitting in a booth with another woman. A very attractive woman, at that. Looking away in case they saw her, she turned and quickly headed back the way she had come, all thoughts of going to the mall forgotten. She didn’t feel the tears falling from her eyes as she hurried back to the apartment.
Fool! What had she honestly expected? She of all people should know what men were capable of. Why had she allowed herself to think that this one was any different? But she had. After everything they had been through to be together, it had never occurred to her to doubt him. But now she was.
Running up the stairs of their building and into their apartment, she slammed the door closed behind her. Leaning back against it, she took several deep, steadying, breaths. Calm down!
She should have trusted her instincts. She’d known something was wrong, that he was holding something back. But what had she actually seen? All he’d been doing was talking to a woman. An attractive one, yes, but that didn’t mean anything.
Thoughts were fighting for space in her head now. What should she do? She couldn’t ignore what she had seen. It would eat away at her, but she couldn’t let herself jump to conclusions either. She knew she had no choice. She would just have to ask him about it and take it from there.

***

It was a couple of hours after she’d gotten home that he returned to the apartment.
“I saw you this morning.” She tried to keep her voice calm, not to let the fear she was feeling seep through.
“You went out? Why didn’t you tell me?” He seemed angry. “We agreed, remember? If you leave the apartment, you’re to tell me where you’re going. What if something happened to you?”
Tara had assumed it was concern for her welfare that had made him tell her to let him know where she was, but now she wasn’t so sure. “How was I supposed to tell you? You disappeared before I woke up and didn’t even leave a note!” She couldn’t avoid the catch in her voice this time.
“I know. I’m sorry. There was something I needed to take care of.” He was definitely hiding something this time.
“In a coffee shop?”
He sighed. “That’s where you saw me?”
Tara tried to stay calm. “Who is she?” The fear Tara felt was now rising in her throat.
“Just a friend. From before I met you.”
“So what was so important that you had to meet this friend in secret?” She couldn’t stop herself. She had to know.
“It wasn’t in secret, I just never told you.”
“You haven’t answered my question, Kyle. What was so important?”
“Look, it’s nothing to do with you, okay? Some things are my own business and you’ll just have to learn to trust me!” Turning away from her, he stormed off towards the bedroom.

***

Kyle felt bad for keeping secrets from her, but it was for her own good. How could he possibly expect her to understand this obsession with catching his wife’s killer? He loved her, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t need to see justice for his family. Would she understand that? He thought she would, but it wasn’t a chance he was prepared to take.
There was no need for her to know what was going on and when it was finished, he would make it up to her. But it needed to finish. He knew the LAPD were doing all they could, but they had to work within the law. He didn’t. He had a lot of contacts from his time working for Luccio and it was about time he paid some of them a visit.
The person he was going to see lived in Compton, one of the most dangerous areas of L.A. Kyle decided not to take any chances and slipped on his shoulder holster, carefully checking that his gun was loaded and that the safety was on. The gun was a throw-away that he’d kept from his time on the force. Unregistered and with no serial number, it could never be traced back to him.
Compton was not a place you went asking questions, unprepared to defend yourself. Unfortunately, a lot of the people Luccio dealt with lived or hung out down there. The person he was going to see was Jimmy (JJ) Jonson. Jimmy headed up Luccio’s local distribution network. Somehow, and Kyle hadn’t wanted to ask and invite questions, he had avoided the round up when Luccio was arrested. If anyone knew anything, it was going to be him. He was just slipping on his jacket when the bedroom door opened.
One look at her face told him that she’d seen the holster. She knew he had a gun. They’d talked about it and she had agreed that it was a good idea to keep it at the moment, for safety reasons, but she’d never seen him wear it.
“What’s that for?” she asked, her eyes glued to the gun.
“I need to go out again, see some people. It’s nothing to worry about,” he told her as he zipped up his jacket.
“What things? And what do you need a gun for?”
Turning to her, he took her face in his hands. “It’s just a couple of things that need sorting out. I promise you, it’s nothing for you to worry about.”
She shook her face free angrily. “How can I not worry when you won’t tell me what’s going on?”
“There’s nothing going on!” He watched as she angrily turned and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her. He was only trying to protect her, he told himself, as he opened the door and followed her out.
She was standing in the living room with her back turned. “I don’t know what you’re getting so upset about!”
She turned to look at him and gestured around the apartment. “You don’t know?” Her tone was one of disbelief. “I’m in a strange country with a man I hardly know. One I love, no doubt, but let’s face it. I hardly know you. And you suddenly start disappearing without telling me where you’re going. You don’t think that’s enough to get upset about?”
He could see that she was really upset. She was trying to be angry, but she appeared close to tears. “Why can’t you just trust me? I promise you, it’ll be over soon.”
Tara turned her face away as he came to kiss her goodbye and, with a shrug, he left. What will be over soon? Tara had no idea, but she knew that whatever it was, it was threatening to tear them apart.

Twenty-Nine


After he had gone, Tara sat staring aimlessly at the apartment walls. Had she made a huge mistake? After all, what did she really know about this man? She knew what her feelings told her, but she knew nothing about him. That he was hiding something was obvious. She just didn’t know what.
Of course, she was glad to be rid of Sergei and far away from the men who had used her in so many different ways. It just wasn’t turning out the way she had expected. In fact, she wasn’t sure what she had expected. She hadn’t given it much thought. She’d just been happy that she was with Kyle and away from Sergei.
A knock on the door made her jump. No one ever knocked on their door. Remembering what Kyle had taught her, she didn’t get too close to the door before shouting, “Who’s there?”
“Kat McKay,” came the answer.
Keeping the chain on, Tara cautiously opened the door a crack. What she saw left her rooted to the spot and momentarily speechless. It was the woman she’d seen with Kyle!
“Hi, is Kyle in?” The woman was looking at her strangely, and Tara realized that she hadn’t moved or said anything since opening the door.
“I’m sorry,” she managed to force out, “he’s not here right now.”
“Right. And, sorry, you are?” the woman asked.
Great, Kyle hasn’t even told her about me! “Tara” she said, looking for some reaction in the woman’s eyes. Nothing.
“Okay. Well, could you ask Kyle to call me when he gets back? He’s got my number.”
“Tell him yourself!” Tara regretted the words as soon as they were out of her mouth when she saw the other woman’s eyes narrow.
“Okay, we appear to have gotten off on the wrong foot here.”
“What? I’m supposed to be happy that Kyle’s other woman turns up on my doorstep?” Tara jutted out her chin, trying to display a confidence she didn’t feel.
“What? What on earth are you talking about?” The woman’s face was a picture of disbelief, and Tara started to feel a bit less sure of herself. “Look, can I come in?” Tara hesitated, so the woman continued. “I really think we need to clear this up, don’t you?”
Reluctantly, Tara opened the door to allow the other woman in. Taking a deep breath, she followed her into the living room.
“Nice place you’ve got here,” she said as she looked around.
“Thanks. We like it.” It appeared that the point was not lost on the woman as she raised an eyebrow.
“Okay if I sit?” She gestured towards the couch.
“Sure.”
After sitting in the chair opposite the couch, taking longer than necessary to give herself time to settle herself, Tara looked at Kat properly for the first time. She could see what he saw in her. She was attractive. Okay, here goes! she thought.
“I saw you with Kyle yesterday. At the coffee shop.”
The woman nodded. “Yes. Kyle asked me to meet him there.”
Tara’s jaw clenched.
“To discuss the case.”
Now Tara was confused. “I’m sorry, but I don’t understand. What case?”
“His wife’s murder. Surely he told you?” Not wanting to appear stupid, Tara nodded.
“Yes, of course he told me about the murder, but I don’t see what that’s got to do with you.”
It was Kat’s turn to look confused now. “I’m a detective on the case. I used to be Kyle’s partner before he left the job.”
Suddenly all the pieces were clicking together in her brain. She needed a bit of time to regroup. “Look, I’ll go and make us some coffee, okay?”
Not waiting for an answer Tara jumped to her feet and went to the kitchen. She needed a bit of time to process. Why didn’t Kyle tell her? It was not as if she didn’t know about the investigation, so why was he being so secretive, unless there was something else going on that he wasn’t telling her about.
Feeling suddenly like she was living with a man she didn’t know, Tara couldn’t help but wonder what this would do to their relationship and whether it would survive it. Taking the coffee back to the living room, she listened as Kat brought her up to date and told her that basically there had been no developments. She explained that she would have called Kyle to let him know, but she was nearby dealing with another matter so had decided to pop in.
After chatting for another few minutes about nothing in particular, Kat stood up to leave and Tara saw her out. Closing the door to the apartment behind her as she left, Tara leaned her head against the cool wood. The relief she felt was intense. She admitted to herself that she had been convinced he was having an affair, and finding out that he wasn’t left her feeling emotionally drained. He was still holding something back but, as long as it wasn’t that, there was hope.

Thirty


He’d been waiting for over three hours and hadn’t seen a sign of him. He’d been to JJ’s apartment before, back when he worked for Luccio. It wasn’t much of an apartment, more like a few filthy rooms joined together. The last time Kyle had visited him there, he’d felt like he needed a shower as soon as he’d left.
The problem with JJ was that though he’d been paid a decent wage most of it went up his nose or in his arm. He’d managed to stay on top of his problem, though, which is how he’d managed to keep his job. He’d climbed the filthy stairs to his fifth floor apartment when he first arrived, but there had been no answer to his knock. So, determined to speak to him, he’d settled himself in his car to wait for him.
His mind drifted to thoughts of Tara as he waited. They’d not heard from Sergei for several months, so it looked like Tara’s fears were unfounded. She’d been sure that he would come after her, and the stories she had told him about others who tried to leave his employ had convinced him she was right. They mustn’t get cocky, though. Just because they hadn’t had any reason to fear so far didn’t mean that it would stay that way.
He was more concerned about what finding out about her daughter was doing to her. He had tried to talk about it with her several times during the last few months, but she had shut him down pretty quickly. He so desperately wanted her to be happy in their new life together, but he was not naïve enough to believe that her past would be easy to forget. And he didn’t want her to forget her daughter.
Knowing how he felt when he lost his unborn son, the pain he had felt, he could only imagine what she felt now. To know his son was out there and that he could do nothing to save him would kill him. He had no idea how Tara was keeping it together so well. Maybe this was her way of coping, and he just had to let her deal with it in whatever way she could and be there for her when she needed him.
A movement to his right brought his attention back to the job at hand. Looking over, he saw JJ walking towards his apartment, head down and shoulders hunched. He decided to give him a couple of minutes to get upstairs before following him up, so that he was contained. The last thing he wanted was for him to see him and run.
Locking his car, he discreetly patted his holster to reassure himself it was still there and walked over.
“Who’s there?” was the reply to his knock on the door. Knowing it was unlikely he would open the door if he knew it was him, he stayed silent and instead knocked again. This time the door was thrown open angrily.
“Who’s there, motherfucker?” JJ had time to say before Kyle grabbed him by the neck and pushed him back into the apartment, shoving the door shut with his foot. Still holding on tightly, he slammed him into one of the grimy walls.
“Hello, JJ. Long time.” He released JJ’s throat just enough that he could breath and speak.
“Kyle! My man!” He wasn’t even bothering to struggle. He knew better. He was all of about 5’ 5” and as skinny as a greyhound. Kyle could have held him against that wall all day long and not broken a sweat.
He didn’t waste time with pleasantries; he was here for one thing, and one thing only. Information.
“Where’s Deshaun?” he demanded.
JJ looked confused “Who? Don’t know no Deshaun.”
Kyle took a deep breath to stop himself breaking JJ’s neck. “Deshaun Ali. Don’t play games with me. I know you used to run him.”
“What you wanna find him for?”
Kyle gripped tighter. “Because he murdered my wife. Now tell me where he is before I snap your neck like a twig.”
JJ squirmed under his grip. “Dude don’t work for me no more. Yeah, he used to be one of my runners, but got a bit too fond of the product, know what I’m sayin’?”
Kyle hissed, “Just tell me where the fuck he is!”
“How the hell do I know?”
Kyle was close to losing his cool now. “Because this is your turf, shithead! You know everything that goes on here. Now, where is he?”
Maybe it was something in Kyle’s face that told him he was serious but, whatever the reason, JJ seemed to give up all pretense at hiding anything. “During the day, I don’t know, man, but at night he hangs around a club on Acacia Street.”
Letting him down with a thud, Kyle gave him a last warning. “If I find out you’re lying, or if you warn him I’m coming, I will come back and I will snap your neck.” He meant it. Without another word he turned and left.
There was nothing more he could do until tonight, so he headed home to get some rest and check in with Tara.

Thirty-One


After Kat left, Tara had cleaned the apartment, done the washing, done everything she could to keep herself busy and her mind occupied. She’d tried to call Kyle on his cell, but it had gone to voicemail each time, something she was getting used to. The sound of a key in the front door told her Kyle was home.
Her feelings were confused. Yes, she was mad that he hadn’t told her about what was going on, but then she was keeping a secret from him, so she couldn’t really judge. The fact that they were both keeping secrets from each other was not lost on her. What kind of relationship were they having?
She knew the time had come to come clean. Their relationship needed to be one built on honesty and openness. Her past was littered with lies and secrets. She would not, could not, allow her future to be, too.
“I think we need to talk,” she told him as he removed his jacket.
“Look, I’m sorry about dashing off,” he said, hanging his coat on the hook.
She took a deep breath. “You had a visitor today.”
“Who?” he asked as he turned away from the coat hook.
“Kat.”
His whole body stilled. “Oh. What did she tell you?”
Tara sighed. “Everything.”
“She had no right!” he shouted.
“Kyle, she had to! I thought you were having an affair!”
That had the effect of a slap and he looked at her stunned. “An affair? What are you talking about?”
Tara walked to the living room and sat on the couch. “I saw you yesterday, at the coffee shop. I’ll admit, I jumped to the wrong conclusion.”
Kyle came and knelt in front of her and took her hands in his. “You thought I was having an affair? Why didn’t you just ask me?”
Irritated, Tara pulled her hands away from his. “Because the last couple of days, you’ve been so secretive! You wouldn’t tell me where you were going or what you were doing. What was I supposed to think?” Tara could see she had hit a nerve.
Kyle sat on the couch next to her and dropped his head into his hands. “God. I’m so sorry. I never meant for you to get caught up in all this.”
That was exactly what worried her. Did he not trust her enough to share everything in his life with her? “Well, I am, and I want to be. Kyle, I want to help you through this. I know you had a life before me, a love before me, of course you want to get justice for them. How could you think I wouldn’t understand that?”
Kyle shook his head. “I don’t know. I think I didn’t want it to taint what we have.”
“It won’t, if we’re honest with each other and let the police do their job.” She saw Kyle stiffen at that.
“The police aren’t doing their job, though, are they? They’re no closer to finding this guy than they were before Luccio came clean.”
“No, but they will find him. It just may take a bit of time.”
It was Kyle’s turn to be get cross. “Time? They’ve had all the time in the world! No, this time I’m not counting on them.”
Tara was getting worried now. “What do you mean, Kyle? What have you done?”
Kyle stood up and started pacing. “Nothing really, yet.”
Tara had a sinking feeling in her stomach now. “What do you mean?”
“I know where he is. The man who shot them.”
“I won’t ask how you got it, but that’s great news. Have you called Kat yet?”
Kyle strode off into the kitchen. Not giving up, Tara followed him. “Well, have you?”
“No, okay? No, I haven’t told Kat.”
“Why on earth not?”
“Because there’s nothing they can do. They don’t have enough to arrest him. This is something I have to do.”
Tara’s blood ran cold. “What can you do that they can’t?” She could see Kyle was getting really angry now, and he pushed past her and stalked off into the bedroom. “I need some sleep.”
Not letting it go, Tara followed him. “Tell me!”
“Just leave it!” He shouted at her this time, going into the bathroom and slamming the door shut.
Tara stood still, stunned. What on earth was he up to? She had a horrible feeling she knew. One thing she did know, her problems would have to wait. There was no way she could tell him about the texts from Sergei now.

Thirty-Two


Sergei didn’t like to think of himself as a monster, but the truth was that he rarely felt anything for any of the people he surrounded himself with.
Brought up by Russian immigrant parents, he hadn’t had an easy childhood. Regularly beaten by his father and watching his mother being shared around with his father’s friends had, he acknowledged, probably had more than a little to do with the way he was today. That was fine with him. It was that attitude that had allowed him to take what was a small gambling business and build it up into the huge network it was now. A network that had made him a very, very rich man.
Rich enough to maintain several homes, one of which was on the outskirts of Blandford in Dorset, where he was heading now. This home was different than the others. This one was kept very separate from his business interests, and none of his people knew about it.
This is where his daughter lived. She was fourteen now, and attended the prestigious Bryanston School nearby. Anna had no idea about what he did for a living, and he kept the two areas of his life very separate. One day, he hoped that she would take over for him, but right now she was too young to understand.
He tried to get down to see her as often as he could which, admittedly, probably wasn’t as often as he should, especially now that she was a teenager. She was becoming more and more of a handful. There was a full-time staff of six people at the house, including the two nannies that had been with her since the day she was born.
He felt no remorse at all about taking her away from her mother. What future would she have had, for God’s sake, being raised by a hooker? So, as soon as she was old enough to understand, he had told her that her mother had died during childbirth.
He hadn’t expected to have any true feelings for this child when she’d been born and he wasn’t sure that the feelings he had for her now could be described as love. She did belong to him though and he had grown quite fond of her over the years.
Pulling up to his house now, he was excited to see her. Although in the Dorset countryside, the house was only a couple of hours from London. Blandford was a market town, and once you drove outside the town center, there was nothing but rolling hills and fields.
The house was down a country lane, set back from the main road. It had once been a working farmhouse, but while the exterior maintained that country style, the inside had been completed renovated. The original beams in the ceiling and the exposed stonework had been retained, but everything else had been modernized.
The combination of old and new was striking, and worked extremely well. The house featured six bedrooms, an indoor pool and even an indoor cinema. No expense had been spared to give Anna everything she could possibly want. There were even stables and a paddock on the grounds so that she could indulge her love of riding.
He was surprised as he walked up to the front door that Anna hadn’t come running out to meet him.
“Hello?” he called out as he headed into the kitchen.
“Mr. Sergei, welcome home.”
He acknowledged Monika with a nod. “Where’s Anna?”
Monika sighed. “She’s in her room. Hardly comes out these days, spends all her time listening to her music and chatting to her friends online.”
Sergei frowned. He didn’t like the sound of that. Taking the stairs two at a time, he headed up to her room.
“Anna?” he said, knocking on the closed door. He could hear the thump thump of what they loosely called music these days coming from behind the closed door. Knocking harder, he raised his voice “Anna? It’s your father!” He heard the music stop and the door opened.
Standing there looking at him was a very sullen teenager. “Don’t I get a hello?” Sergei asked.
“Whatever. Hi.” She shrugged, then turned and walked back into her room. Sergei followed her in.
“How are you? How’s school? You haven’t called me for a couple of weeks.” He sat down on her bed. He knew he spoiled her, and looking round her room he saw clear evidence of that. She had the biggest room in the house, which had its own bathroom and all the furniture and furnishings were custom made. On the wall hung a huge, forty-inch 3D TV, and underneath were stacked all the latest games consoles. He denied her nothing.
“S’okay,” she shrugged.
She was getting more and more distant from him as she got older. He’d spoken to Monika about it and she’d hinted at the fact that she barely knew who he was. She wouldn’t dare tell him he’d been a bad father outright, but Sergei was no fool, he knew damn well what she was trying to say.
In his eyes, though, he had been a good father. She had everything she could want, always had, and Monika had been there to look after her since the day she was born. Okay, he knew that he hadn’t spent as much time with her as maybe he should have, but she should count herself lucky that she had him.
No matter, it wouldn’t be long until she was old enough for him to introduce her to his world. He intended that she would take over from him one day. For now, though, she had no need to know what he did to be able to provide her with such a good life.
She clearly didn’t want to talk to him and, not having the patience to deal with a surly teenager, Sergei left her room and went back downstairs.

Thirty-Three


Kyle slept deeply, and when he woke and remembered their fight, he was ashamed. She’d only been trying to help, but she couldn’t understand this need he had inside him, this need to see this it all end. He promised himself that when it was over, he would make it up to her. There would be nothing to stand in the way of their happiness then.
After a quick, hot shower, he got dressed, again putting on his holster. Opening the bedroom door, he was surprised to find the apartment in darkness. Turning on the lights, he went into the kitchen and found a note propped up on the counter. It was obviously from Tara and he opened it, a feeling of dread in the pit of his stomach. With relief, he saw that she was telling him not to worry, she had gone to visit a friend. Okay, she hadn’t left him, but what friend? He didn’t know she had any friends in L.A.
Pushing it to the back of his mind, he told himself he would ask her about it later. Right now, he had to focus. It was dark outside and he needed to get himself set up outside the club. JJ had given him a really good description, so he knew that he would know him when he saw him. What he didn’t want to do was go into a crowded club looking for him. No, much better he was outside when he arrived. He had no plan, had no idea what he was going to do when he confronted him, but he knew that he was not being driven by sense but by emotion. If he’d stopped to think about it, he would have known it was the wrong thing to do, but he was letting his feelings take the lead.

***

Tara was conflicted. She didn’t know what to do for the best. The pull of her daughter was incredible and she really needed to talk to Kyle about it, but that was truly not an option at the moment. He had completely shut her out and she felt more alone now than she ever had working for Sergei. Then, she’d had no illusions, no expectations. Now, she’d allowed herself to believe. She understood what he was doing, but Lori was gone. She was here. It was as if he had been taken over by something, something that would allow no room for her.
After the fight, when Kyle had fallen asleep, she’d left the apartment and had wandered around for hours with no destination in mind. She’d ended up sitting at Venice Beach, almost in the exact spot where they’d spent that wonderful day that seemed like eons ago but was, in fact, only a few short months. Her mind had drifted over the trauma of her past, the pain of losing her child and then, finally, the joy of meeting Kyle.
He could never understand what it meant to someone like her that she had found him and that he had loved her completely despite her past life. She’d thought she’d had it all and, for a brief moment in time, in Geneva, she had. But then Sergei had intruded and, though they had agreed that for now at least they would move on, she had never been able to.
Maybe she should have been honest with him, told him exactly how she was feeling. This was new territory for her, though. She’d never had anyone to share her feelings with, if she ever allowed herself to feel them. She had become so used to compartmentalizing them, burying them deep, that talking about them, sharing them, was completely alien to her. She’d been in no doubt, though, that when she finally did tell him, he would be by her side supporting her through it. She was still sure of it.
But what she hadn’t seen coming was that he would shut her out from his life, as if there was his life, and their life together, the two things remaining separate. That hurt more than any blow she had received, any violation she had suffered. It had been getting dark by the time she shook the sand out of her shoes and left the beach, having made a decision, her mind clearer. Knowing that he may well not forgive her, but knowing she had no choice, she made her way to see the one person she knew who could help her.

***

Kat was still at her desk when the call came through that there was someone at the front counter to see her. Wondering who it might be, she was surprised when she walked through the door to find Tara standing there. Taking in her appearance, she realized she looked like the weight of the world was on her shoulders.
“I didn’t expect to see you again so soon. What can I do for you?” she asked gently.
“Is there somewhere we can talk?” Tara said quietly.
Kat nodded. “Of course, follow me.” Leading her through the locked access door, Kat let her to one of the interview rooms. “I’m sorry about the décor but most of our visitors are just above pond scum on the evolutionary scale.” She pulled out a chair for Tara and sat herself down across the table from her. “Is everything okay?”
Tara shook her head. “No. I’m worried about Kyle.”
“Why, what’s happened?” She could see that this was difficult for her, so she waited patiently for a reply.
“I think he’s gone after Lori’s killer.”
Kat leaned forward and put her arms on the table. “What? Are you sure?”
Tara nodded, and went on to explain about his absences and the argument.
Kat let out a long breath. “Shit! Have you got any idea where he is now?”
“He was still at the apartment when I left, but I’m sure he’s gone by now. He said he had to go and take care of something tonight.”
Kat’s mind was racing now. This was bad. “And you’re sure he never said where?”
“I’m sure.”
“Okay, you did the right thing coming to me.” She stood up.
“One more thing.”
“Yes?”
“He’s armed.”
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. This was really bad. She knew Kyle, knew what he was capable of when he lost control, and there was no doubt in her mind what his intentions were. How had he managed to track him down?
There was only one possibility, as far as she could tell. He’d worked for Luccio, knew all his contacts. He must have spoken to one of them. Luccio was still being held at the county jail. It was late, but under the circumstances, she had no choice. She had to go and see him.
Telling Tara to follow her, she grabbed her coat and they left the building together.
“Go straight home. If he’s there, or if you hear from him, you call me right away, okay? Here’s my cell.”
Taking the number, Tara agreed and turned and left. Kat stood for a moment, watching her leave. That she cared a great deal for Kyle was obvious and it had taken balls to come to her. God, that man was a fool sometimes. He got so wrapped up in the moment, he let himself get blinded to the effect his actions had on those around him.
She didn’t have time to worry about that now. She needed to get to Luccio, and fast. It wasn’t that she was worried about what Kyle would do to Deshaun, but she was terrified of what would happen to Kyle if she didn’t stop him.
Kat was still cursing him twenty minutes later as she pulled up outside the jail. What was he thinking? If he did something stupid, he could end up here himself. She had no idea if Luccio had a softer side, doubted it very much, but somehow she had to get him to talk.

***

Tara hadn’t expected him to be there when she got back, so she wasn’t surprised when her suspicions were confirmed. The apartment now seemed hollow, somehow. It was as if all the hope and love she had found here had already left, and it was now no more than an empty shell. She knew what she had to do, had made the decision on the beach. Part of her had died then, but she knew she had no choice.
She’d done the right thing by going to Kat. Kyle needed to be stopped, for his own good, and he wasn’t prepared to listen to her. That hurt. That and the realization that she was not as important to him as his revenge. She had thought they were so strong, destined to be together, but she was wrong.
She had also realized that she could not live without her daughter, without trying at least. She’d been kidding herself if she thought that she could just carry on knowing she was out there someone and not do everything in her power to be with her.
Sitting down on the bed, with her heart like a stone in her chest, she dialed the number.

***

Sergei had just sat down for breakfast when his phone rang. Looking at the number, he realized instantly who it was and, with a smug smile, excused himself from the table. In the privacy of his office, he answered the call.
“Hello, Tara. I’ve been expecting your call.” He smiled to himself. He had known she’d call. It had just been a matter of time.
“I want to see her.”
“I thought you might, but it’s not as simple as that.” He heard her take a deep breath at the other end of the line.
“Why are you doing this to me? How could you be so cruel?”
“You let me down, Tara, after everything I did for you.”
“Well, I’m ready to come back. I have to see her.”
“What about your cowboy? How does he feel about this?”
“That’s none of your business. I’ll deal with him. When can I see her?”
He could hear the yearning in her voice and knew, without a doubt, that she would do anything now. He had her. “There will be a ticket in your name at the British Airways desk for the first flight in the morning. Don’t miss it.” He put the phone down without waiting for a reply. He didn’t need one. He knew she would come.
Feeling very pleased with himself, he went back to his breakfast. Anna had finally gotten out of bed and was now at the table. “Good morning, darling. Sleep well?”
She barely acknowledged him.
“What have you got planned today? I thought we might spend the day together,” he said to her now.
Her expression was almost one of horror at the idea of spending a whole day with him. “Steph is coming over.”
“Who is Steph? A friend of yours from school?” She looked at him as if he was interrogating her.
Sighing, she said “Yeah, she’s a couple of years ahead of me, but we take violin together.”
That was new. He’d had no idea she was taking violin lessons. Not that he cared. “Okay, well I’m heading back to London tonight after dinner and I want us to eat together, so make sure she’s gone by then.”
Anna rolled her eyes at him.
“Answer me, child,” he barked.
Anna jumped. “Yes, Dad.”
Sergei nodded with satisfaction. That was more like it.

***

Heading back to his office after he’d eaten, his mind was already on other things. He had to make arrangements for Tara’s flight to be met at the airport. He didn’t know what he was going to do with her yet, but one way or another she was going to be made an example of. He chuckled to himself. Did she really think for an instant that he was going to let her anywhere near Anna? He hadn’t kept her away from her all these years just to backtrack now. No, Anna would never find out that her mother was a whore.
There was no risk of her finding out, either. He kept both parts of his life very much apart, and there were few in his organization who even knew Anna existed. He picked up the phone. Time to get things organized. Calling Joey, he gave him the details of Tara’s flight and told him to meet her at the airport. She was to be taken back to her London apartment which Sergei had kept vacant, confident he would get her back. His orders were that she was not to be left alone.
He was looking forward to seeing her again.

Thirty-Four


Kyle was getting twitchy. He had been sitting in his car across from the club on Acacia Street since just after dark. It was now eleven p.m., and still there was no sign of him. If JJ had lied to him, he would go back and this time, he wouldn’t be as gentle with him.
He went to check his phone and then remembered he had turned it off. He didn’t want to be distracted by anyone tonight. It felt like he was approaching a conclusion of some sort and he wanted to be totally focused.
He saw someone approach on foot from the left and, as he walked under a streetlamp, he realized he matched the description JJ had given him perfectly. This was it, it was time. Stepping out of his car, he crossed the street and fell into step behind him.
“Hey, dude,” Kyle said.
Deshaun stopped and turned. “Yeah, whatcha want?”
Kyle played the part of the junkie quite well from his days on the LAPD, and now he adopted the hunched and nervous demeanor of someone needing a fix. “You help me out? You got any?”
He watched as Deshaun hesitated. It was a calculated move. He didn’t know him, but he wasn’t about to turn down a sale. With a quick glance around, Deshaun gestured with his head to a dark alley that ran down the side of the building they were standing in front of.
“Not out here, man,” Deshaun said, turning up his collar.
Turning his back on Kyle, he walked into the darkness. Bad move. Before he knew what had hit him, Kyle had the dealer pinned with his face pressed up against the wall.
“I’ve waited a long time for this,” he hissed in his ear.
“What the fuck’s going on? Who the fuck are you?” Deshaun was struggling against him, but Kyle held him firm. Had he not been an addict, he may not have managed it as Deshaun was a big man, nearly six feet and wide, with the build of a weight lifter. But the drugs had taken their toll and had started eating away at him. What once would have been hard muscle was now wasting away, and he was no longer as strong as he once would have been.
“Do you remember a woman, a pregnant woman, that you shot in the parking lot of a Walmart?”
Kyle felt him momentarily still.
“Huh? No idea what you’re talking about, man. You got the wrong dude. Now get the fuck off me!”
He tried to push against Kyle, but it was like trying to move an immovable object. Kyle had his arm twisted up between his shoulder blades, and at this he pushed the arm higher, causing him to cry out in pain.
“You may as well admit it. Your friend JJ already filled me in.”
“What’s it to you, anyway? So I offed the bitch. Big deal.”
Kyle didn’t know how he had expected to feel but this admission, after all this time, left him feeling weak with relief. Kyle must have eased his hold on Deshaun slightly, because in an instant he had pushed himself away from the wall, turned and landed a punch to the right side of Kyle’s head. He went crashing down to the ground, stunned. Holding his hand to the side of his head, he looked up, straight into the barrel of a gun. Rookie mistake! He’d forgotten to check him for weapons.
“Not so cocky now, are you? Now, who the fuck are you?”
Kyle answered, while trying to figure a way out of the mess he was in. “She was my wife.”
“Ah, now I get it. You’re the dude that went to work for Luccio.”
He laughed then and the sound set something off inside of Kyle. The weakness was gone and the rage was building until with a burst of speed he jumped to his feet and ran at him. Surprised, Deshaun fired his gun and Kyle felt himself get hit, the force of the bullet spinning him around, sending him to his knees.
Determined that if he was going to die he was taking his wife’s murderer with him, he managed to grab his gun from his holster and, taking aim, he fired at the killer’s retreating back. Collapsing to the floor and losing blood fast, Kyle didn’t know whether he had hit him or not before his world went dark.

Thirty-Five


Sitting across from Luccio, Kat could feel her skin crawl. He was looking her up and down like she was a piece of steak he wanted to devour at any moment.
“So, what makes you think I want to do anything to help Kyle?”
Kat knew she had to be very careful. If she said the wrong thing, he would just clam up and then Kyle would be on his own.
“I don’t think for a minute you’d want to do anything to help him. But I do think you’d want to help yourself.” Kat could see the calculation going on in his eyes. He was nothing if not a selfish man, and she knew that if it meant helping himself, he would sell his own grandmother.
“What do you mean, exactly? What are you offering?”
Kat hid her smile. Gotcha! “Well, you’re going to prison. There’s no doubt about that, but where you serve your time is not set in stone. Help me and I’ll put a word in, say you helped us. I’m sure you’d much rather serve your time in one of the nicer prisons?” Kat watched as he licked his lips, his tongue making him appear even more like a snake. Suppressing a shudder, she forced herself to keep a smile on her face.
“Can you guarantee it?” he asked, leaning forward.
“No, you know I can’t do that.”
He shook his head and leaned back in his chair. “Then no deal.”
Kat was getting pissed off with this dance now and, not even pretending to smile anymore, she leaned forward. “No, I can’t guarantee it. But, what I can guarantee is that if you don’t help me I will make it my personal mission to make sure that you go to the worst prison possible, where you will be welcomed with open arms once I let it be known how much you helped us.”
For the first time, Luccio looked a bit nervous and she could see that she had him. “Okay, okay, but I want it noted that I cooperated, okay?”
Kat nodded.
“Okay. I know where Deshaun hangs out. Well, where he used to hang out, anyway. I don’t know if he still does.”
“Okay, so spill.”
He sighed heavily. “Okay, there’s this club on Acacia Street. A total shit hole. From what I hear, he’s there most nights, dealing.”
Without another word Kat stood up and, with a screech, pushed the chair back from the table. As the door closed behind her she heard him shout out, “Don’t forget our deal!”
Almost at a run, she left the jail and jumped into her car. She knew the club he was talking about. She considered calling for backup for about a second, but knew that if she did it would invite all sorts of questions about how Kyle came to know who to go after in the first place. No, this was her mess. It was down to her to sort it out. Squealing out of the parking lot, she put her foot down. She just hoped she wasn’t too late.
Kyle opened his eyes, and for a brief second had no idea where he was. He tried to sit up, and immediately a sharp pain in his shoulder reminded him of where he was and what had happened. Remembering Deshaun, he looked around the alley and saw him lying about ten feet away, sprawled face down and not moving. He was pleased, as he’d had no idea if his shot had hit its target.
Pulling himself over to the alley wall, he used it as leverage and managed to get himself into a sitting position. He immediately became dizzy and had to close his eyes for a few seconds until the world stopped spinning. He’d lost a lot of blood.
Pushing his shirt out of the way, he inspected the wound. He’d been hit in the shoulder thankfully, the bullet missing any major organs. He couldn’t move that arm, though. Reaching over his shoulder and running his hand along his back, it looked like the bullet had gone straight through.
Now what? He was going to be in a whole world of trouble unless he figured a way out of this mess. He had no idea what he had thought would happen when he confronted Deshaun, but he had to admit, this wasn’t it.
As she pulled up outside the club, Kat saw Kyle’s car parked across the street. She could see that no one was in it. She was not looking forward to checking the club. This was one of the roughest neighborhoods in L.A., and she was a woman on her own. She was taking a hell of a risk.
She was just walking up to the entrance, past an alley, when she heard a short cry, like a person in pain. It had come from the alley. Tentatively, with her hand on her holster, she walked into the gloom.
“Hello? Is anybody there?”
A voice made her jump. “Kat? Is that you?”
She’d found him! Rushing into the depths of the alley now, what she saw made her stop in her tracks. Kyle was propped against the wall, bleeding heavily, and there was a body on the ground.
“Oh, my God! Kyle, what have you done? Is he dead?”
Kyle gasped in pain. “I don’t know.”
Taking out her gun now, Kat approached the body carefully. When she was close enough, she nudged it with her foot. Nothing. With her gun aiming at his head, she slowly reached down and checked for a pulse. Nothing.
“He’s dead.” Putting her gun away, she rushed over to Kyle. Checking his wound, she was relieved to see that it wasn’t life threatening. “Get out of here, Kat. You don’t need to be involved in this. I’m not bringing you down with me.”
“You were my partner. Makes no difference to me that you’re not anymore. To me, you still are so there’s no way in hell I’m just leaving you here.” She looked around and spotted Kyle’s gun.
Pointing at it she asked, “That registered to you?” Kyle shook his head. “It’s a throwaway I took with me when I left.”
“Perfect.” She picked it up and, with the corners of her shirt, wiped it clean and put it back where it lay. “This is Compton. Robberies gone bad happen all the time here. I doubt this one will get much attention.”
Reaching down, she helped Kyle to stand up. “Lean on me and try and look like you’re drunk. We don’t want to attract any attention.” It started to rain as they left the alley and Kat said a silent prayer of thanks. That would take care of the blood. At her car, she helped Kyle into the passenger seat and jumped behind the wheel. “I’ll take you back to your apartment and then get a cab back to pick up your car.” She was just about to start the engine when Kyle placed his hand on her arm. She paused and looked at him.
“Thank you.”
She nodded and started the engine.

Thirty-Six


He’d hardly seen Anna or her friend all day, which suited him just fine. He’d heard the thump thump of the music coming from her room, interspersed with bouts of giggles. The only time they’d come out of the bedroom had been at lunchtime, when they’d briefly emerged to grab some food from the kitchen before disappearing upstairs again.
When they had, Sergei had caught a glimpse of Steph and found himself watching her as she walked up the stairs. A couple of years ahead of Anna at school meant she was sixteen, at the edge of what he liked. He had to admit, though, she was hot. Her short denim skirt gave him a glimpse of her panties as she walked up the stairs.
He spent the next several hours doing paperwork and it wasn’t until he looked out the window that he realized it was getting dark. Leaving his desk, he wandered to the kitchen to find out what was for dinner.
“Has Anna’s friend left yet?” Monika shook her head. “Okay. Go upstairs and tell her that she has to leave now. I’ve already told Anna that I don’t want her still here at dinner time.”
Monika was just opening the door to leave the kitchen when Anna walked in.
“Dad, can Steph stay over? She’s just had a fight with her mom on the phone. Please?”
Sergei frowned. He didn’t like having to repeat himself. “I’ve already told you that I want us to eat together tonight.”
“Please, Dad. It’s Sunday tomorrow, so we don’t have to go to school. Please!”
With a sigh, he gave in. He usually did where Anna was concerned. “Okay. But you have to promise me that next time I visit we’ll spend a day together. Deal?”
Smiling widely, she agreed. “Deal!” He watched her as she ran off to tell her friend the good news.

Thirty-Seven


Tara packed her things quickly. Her flight was not until after midnight, but she could wait at the airport. She didn’t want to be here when Kyle got home. He would try to stop her, she knew, and she had to go. Her heart couldn’t bear to be away from her daughter any longer.
She felt as if her heart was filled with lead. She’d been so sure, had never doubted for a moment that Kyle loved her as much as she did him, but it wasn’t true. It wasn’t that he’d kept what he was doing from her. To a degree, she understood. What had told her everything she needed to know was that he had decided to carry on down this path, pushing her away and dismissing her feelings. Any remaining doubt about what she had to do had disappeared then.
When her bags were all packed and she was ready to leave, she found a sheet of paper and sat down to write him a note. He deserved an explanation. Tears streamed down her face by the time she had finished. She’d called a cab and it was waiting for her as she made her way downstairs. Rain had started to fall now, and with a last glance over her shoulder at their apartment building, she resolutely faced forward and told the driver to take her to LAX.

***

They both knew that Kyle couldn’t be taken to the hospital. By law, every gunshot wound had to be reported, and if that happened it wouldn’t take a genius to figure out the connection once they found Deshaun’s body. No, the only choice was to take him back to the apartment.
“How did you find me?” he asked as they drove.
“Tara came to me. She knew you were going to do something stupid so she asked for my help.”
“That doesn’t explain how you knew where to look.”
“You can thank Luccio for that.”
Kyle hung his head. “I’m so sorry to have dragged you into all this, Kat.”
“Don’t apologize to me, I’ll be fine. But you do need to apologize to Tara.”
“I know.”
Silence fell between them then and Kyle rested his head back against his seat, the adrenaline leaving his body. It was over. Finally. Maybe now he could put this obsession behind him.
Nothing was said for the rest of the drive and, when they arrived outside the apartment, Kat helped him out of the car and up the stairs. It was late and Tara would be in bed, so he opened the door quietly and switched on the lights.
“Where’s your first aid kit?” Kat whispered.
“In the kitchen, in the cupboard above the stove.” Kyle settled himself on the couch while Kat went to look. The pain was really kicking in now that the adrenaline had gone. “Did you find it?” he asked as Kat came into the living room but she didn’t answer.
Looking up he saw that she was holding an envelope. “What’s that?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know. I found it on the counter. It’s addressed to you.”
Taking the envelope from her, he held it in his hand. He didn’t know why, but he was suddenly scared. He didn’t want to open it.
“Aren’t you going to read it?”
With a nod, he tore it open and took out the sheet of paper inside.
“What does it say?” Kat asked softly.
But Kyle didn’t hear her. He wasn’t listening anymore. She had gone. Back to that monster. Oh, God, what have I done?

***

The tears were drying on her cheeks as the plane climbed through the clouds after take-off. They had barely stopped since leaving the apartment, but now she needed to be strong. Needed to put it behind her as best she could. She loved Kyle, she always would, but that was over now. She was flying into the biggest fight of her life and she couldn’t afford to be weak. She was going to fight for her daughter. And she was going to win.

Thirty-Eight


She’d expected a welcoming committee when she’d flown into Heathrow airport, and she hadn’t been disappointed. As soon as she’d cleared customs and walked into the main terminal, she’d spotted Joey waiting for her by the barriers. She’d known that going back wasn’t going to be easy, but as soon as she saw his face, the reality of what she was doing hit home and her resolve briefly deserted her. There had been no mistaking the look on his face, which had brought to mind what she imagined a lion might look like before devouring its prey.
Taking a deep breath and reminding herself why she was there, she followed him out of the terminal and into the dark garage where he had parked the car. Getting into the back seat with her carry-on bag, she felt his eyes on her as they left the airport.
It felt strange to be back in London again. Looking out of the car window, the sights and sounds so familiar, she felt like a stranger, felt she had been away a lot longer than the six months she had actually been gone.
The person who had left, who had run away from it all, was not the same person who’d flown back. That woman had appeared to be strong, to be able to cope with anything life had thrown at her. But the truth was she had built a protective wall around her core so that nothing could penetrate it. Deep within that core had been a woman who believed that she would never be loved, would never deserve more than she was getting out of life.
The woman sitting here now, though, was strong on the inside. Being with Kyle had taught her that she could do anything, that she didn’t have to be a slave to her past. And she now knew that a life without love, without hope, was not one that was worth living. Whatever Sergei did to her, he would never be able to take that away.
As the car rolled into the parking lot and slowed to a stop, the sight of her old flat surprised her. She had expected to be taken to see Sergei immediately and couldn’t help but wonder if he was inside waiting for her.
Though she’d lived there for years, she felt like a stranger seeing it through new eyes as she walked up the steps and in through the front door. She’d barely made it inside before Joey grabbed her and pushed her down the hall and into her old bedroom.
She slowly sat down on the bed, glancing around the room that now seemed so foreign to her. Her eyes strayed to the window, and she instinctively went over to it, her palm resting on the cool glass.
“Don’t even think you’re going anywhere, Tara,” Joey growled, grabbing the purse she was still clutching tightly.
Emptying the contents on the bed, he grabbed her cell phone and threw the empty bag on the floor.
“Make yourself comfortable,” he said over his shoulder, closing and locking the door behind him with a laugh.
She’d kicked and screamed until she was hoarse, to no avail, for what seemed like hours. Eventually, she’d given up. She was left completely alone. Apart from when he’d brought her food, she had not seen another soul and had not left the room since she’d arrived.
She knew he couldn’t keep her locked up here forever. It was only a matter of time before Sergei showed his face and she needed to be prepared, needed to be ready to plead and beg, if that was what it was going to take to see her daughter. Remembering what Sergei had said, that her daughter wanted to see her, she believed he wouldn’t just kill her outright. She clung to this hope now, sustained by its comfort.
But it had been three days now, and her imagination was driving her wild. Where was Sergei? What was he waiting for? She’d asked Joey, over and over. She’d shouted the question through the door, hoping for an answer, but he never replied. His silence was driving her mad. She knew he was out there. She could hear him moving around and the television’s low murmur in the living room.
She had finally given up, left with nothing but her hope. So, to pass the time, she slept. And dreamt. Dreamt that she was still back in L.A. with Kyle, but in her dreams her daughter was with them.

Thirty-Nine


“I’m fine!” Kyle said, as Kat asked again how he was feeling. His face flushed as he spoke. He was getting fed up. Kat had insisted on staying with him at the apartment when they’d discovered that Tara had left. She’d said it was to make sure he took care of his wound, but he didn’t believe that. He knew it was because she was worried about what he would do.
He had just been biding his time until he was able to make a move. At least the wound was healing nicely. It was still incredibly painful and limited his arm movements, but it was not infected, which had been their big worry.
“I wish we could have taken you to a doctor,” she said, handing him a glass of water and a pill. He threw back the pill and the water with one swallow, still glaring at her. “At least I had some meds.”
Luckily, Kat had had some antibiotics left over from an old prescription at home, and she’d brought them from her own place and given them to him at the appointed times, making sure he took them. The problem was, she hadn’t left. She was fussing around him like a mother hen and it was driving him nuts. He needed some time to himself. He needed to decide what he was going to do.
That he was going to do something was not in doubt. He couldn’t just let Tara walk away. If, once she was safe, she wanted to walk away from him he would have to accept it, but he loved her too much to just let her walk straight back into that monster’s arms on her own.
“Let me look at that shoulder, will you?” She was hovering again.
“I told you, I’m fine!”
“I’d really like to check it before I go, Kyle. Things like that can change quickly.”
“Please, just leave it alone,” he said, rubbing his eyes.
She sighed and shrugged her shoulders. “Okay,” she said over her shoulder, heading for the door. “Well, I’m going to have to get going. I need to get to work.” She grabbed her coat off the rack, shrugging it over her shoulders. “If you hear anything, you’ll let me know?”
“You know I will,” he shouted, as she closed the door behind her.
They were both on their last nerve at the moment. If anyone found out what they had done, Kat would not only lose her job but they would both do jail time. So far, though, Deshaun’s death was being treated as a robbery gone south and there was no indication that this was going change. As far as Kyle was concerned it was over.
The door closed and Kyle let out a deep sigh, realizing he’d been holding his breath. Peace at last. He knew that she was only looking out for him, but her constant efforts to keep him upbeat were starting to grate. He didn’t want to “think positive” or try to be “rational”. The only thing he wanted to do was to get on the next plane to the UK, hunt down that bastard Sergei, and finish it once and for all.

***

As Kat turned the key in the ignition, she rested her head on the steering wheel. She was worried. Since they’d returned that night a few days ago and found the note from Tara, Kyle had been like a tightly coiled spring, ready to pop at any minute. She’d been around for the fallout too many times now with Kyle not to know what was coming next. Why do I do it? she asked herself as she headed into work.
As her thoughts played on the tragedies he’d suffered since she’d known him, she realized that they had developed a bond that had continued because she cared about him, pure and simple. Not in any romantic way, but because they’d worked together, and because she’d seen what he’d been through, the rotten cards life had handed him.
Beyond that, he’d been the best partner she’d ever had. She’d always known he had her back, be it on the street, or up against the brass. She’d trusted him completely and she still did. It had hurt when, after Lori had died, he’d shut her out, but she understood his reasons. Even though what they had done couldn’t be described as an affair, it was still wrong and they’d both regretted it.
Her heart heavy, she replayed the event in her mind, the single time it had happened. It had been during the very early days of his relationship with Lori, not long after the two of them had met. They’d been dealing with a particularly horrible case involving a mother and child which had affected them both deeply.
That night, they’d finally gotten the evidence to arrest the husband for their murders and, needing to release some of their pain, they’d gone to his place for drinks. They both knew that the gruesome details of the murders were too much. It was not something you could share with others, not something you wanted to take home to your family.
They’d talked long into the night, sharing their grief, one drink following another. Throwing caution to the wind, they’d ended up finding comfort in each other’s arms that night. It had been purely physical, a release, and they’d both regretted it ever since.
When the opportunity to get back in touch over Luccio had presented itself, she’d jumped at the chance. What she hadn’t expected, though, was to get drawn in to covering up a dead body for him. But she had done it without question, and she would do it again if necessary.
He deserved to be happy now, after everything he’d been through and, after meeting Tara, she’d known that she could be the woman for him. She’d been as surprised as he was when they’d come home that night to find the note. Kyle had explained then, sharing the whole story
Kyle had told her all about Tara’s past, about Sergei and about her daughter. Her heart ached for Tara, and she’d known, without a doubt, that she would have done exactly the same thing. She wasn’t a mother, but she was an aunt and she would do anything for her niece. Jamie was twenty one now and due to get married next summer, and the thought of her going through something like Tara had made her physically ill.
She completely understood Kyle’s need to find Tara, to keep her safe. What worried her now, though, was what he was going to do next. She’d taken a couple of days leave after the shooting, citing personal reasons, but now she had to get back to work and today was the first time she was leaving him alone for any length of time. As she pulled her car into the lot behind the police department, she hoped to God he wouldn’t do anything stupid.

Forty


The amber liquid caught the light as Sergei swirled it around the glass. He sat in his office above the casino, his feet on his desk, feeling quite pleased with himself. Tara had played right into his hands, his plan flawless. He grinned in anticipation, picturing the look on her face as he told her she would never see Anna, never get to know her daughter. Just the thought of Tara’s agony made him smile.
Minutes earlier, he had sat in the parking lot of Tara’s apartment, looking forward to implementing his plan, eagerly awaiting his opportunity to inflict on her the pain that she had earned. Gazing at the light in her window, he knew she was there, waiting. Knowing she was there made it even more real, and he looked forward to it.
He stepped out of the car, his eyes fixed on the light in her window. He had planned on going to see Tara on his return to London from seeing Anna, eager to implement his retribution, but so far he had resisted the urge. He pulled his cell phone out, wanting to make sure everything was in place.
“No trouble?” he said, as Joey answered.
“No boss, but she’s pretty unhappy.”
“You’re not talking to her, are you?”
“Nope, not a word. She keeps asking me where you are, when you’re coming, but I don’t say anything at all,” he said, his enjoyment clear in his voice.
“Well, then, let’s give her more to wonder about. I won’t be seeing her quite yet.” He slipped his phone back in his pocket, pleased at the opportunity to extend her misery. No, let her sweat. It would make the punishment even more satisfying when the time came.
Since he’d found out she was coming back, he’d spent many hours deciding what would be the best way to punish her. She was different than the other girls, and always had been. His long history with Tara had made him weak, allowing her betrayal to be much more personal. The punishment would have to be that much more severe, and he had just the thing in mind.
The last couple of days had been spent getting it organized, which was no easy thing at such short notice. Hours of preparation, though, had produced the perfect plan. His excitement had grown as he’d told the participants what was on offer, and they’d jumped at the chance. He’d known they would.
Satisfied with the arrangements, he poured another drink, savoring the moment, reveling in his revenge. It was nearly time for this to end. Once and for all.

Forty-One


Lying on the bed and staring at the ceiling, Tara was startled out of her thoughts. The front door opened and closed, and she heard the unmistakable sound of voices coming from the living room. Quietly getting up from the bed, she crept over to the bedroom door, her ear resting on the smooth wood. He was here. She’d recognize that voice anywhere. He’d finally come.
The determination she’d felt on the plane flying over faltered now, and was replaced by a deep fear in the pit of her stomach. She knew what he was capable of and she knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that the chances of getting out of this alive were slim to none.
There were no other options. She had to try. She had to convince him somehow. She knew he had a soft spot where she was concerned and she needed to use that now to her full advantage. Taking deep breaths, she tried to push the fear down deep and get her determination back. If she let the fear take over, he would pounce, like a lion on an injured deer, and she would be lost.
She walked quickly to the window as she heard the footsteps approach the door. As the door opened and revealed Sergei standing there, she fought the urge to be physically sick.
“Welcome back, Tara.” The self-satisfied, smug look on his face and the tone of his voice made it clear that this was not a genuine welcome. Not that she’d expected one.
“Sergei.”
“What? No hug?” he chuckled.
“Where’s my daughter?” Tara said, trying to keep her voice strong, but she couldn’t stop the slight quiver as she spoke.
“Anna? Oh, she’s where you’ll never find her.”
“You said she wanted to meet me.” She couldn’t stop the slight pleading tone in her voice.
Sergei laughed. “You didn’t really believe that, did you? Oh, Tara, you never used to be this naïve.”
In an instant, the rage and hatred she felt towards this man now enveloped her like a cape. All reason left her, and she threw herself at him, kicking and screaming.
Joey’s hand caught her arm before she reached Sergei, and she was spun around, still kicking. Her arms flailed as he grabbed her by the waist and sent her sailing onto the bed.
“Settle down, Tara,” Joey spat, his knee holding her still and his hands on her wrists.
“Now, now, Tara. Is that any way to behave?” Sergei’s eyes gleamed as he folded his arms and leaned against the door. His smile spread as he waited for her to calm down. He was clearly enjoying the pain he was causing her now.
Her anger turned to despair as the reality of what she was facing sunk in. She stopped kicking, staring up at the ceiling, her hope crushed. She couldn’t keep it in now and, sobbing, she begged him.
“Please. Sergei, please. She’s my daughter! Why are you doing this to me?”
“Ah, think again, my dear. That’s where you’re wrong. She’s my daughter. You just happen to be the one who gave birth to her.”
“I made a mistake. I’m back now and I promise it’ll never happen again. I’ll do anything you want. Please just let me see her!” Tara pleaded with him.
Sergei said nothing, his smile spreading wider, his eyes glistening. He stared at his fingernails, his silence deafening.
“I want to see her!” Tara shouted at him now, desperation getting the better of her.
He laughed out loud then, a short bark of a laugh.
“You do? Well, it’s never going to happen. She thinks her mother was a good woman who died in childbirth. You really think I’m going to let you anywhere near her?” He turned to leave the room then. “Now, clean yourself up. We’re going on a little trip in the morning, and you want to look your best.” The smile he gave her then told her this was not a trip she was going to enjoy.

Forty-Two


If he hadn’t been shot, he would have been on the next flight after her but the loss of blood and the pain had kept him confined to bed for the first couple of days. The circumstances of Deshaun’s death meant they couldn’t see a doctor, so he had had to heal on his own.
Now that his arm was improving, though, he couldn’t hold himself back any longer. He had no idea what Sergei had planned. He did know it was unlikely that Tara would come out of it alive and that he’d wasted enough time. It was all he could do to keep back the thought that he might already be too late.
Over the past six months, Tara had shared a lot about her life before she had met him. The more he’d learned, the more his love for her had grown. That she’d endured such horrible events at the hands of her mother and Sergei for so many years, and developed into such an amazing woman, was incredible to him. Along with his love, his desire to protect her grew as well, and he had vowed to himself that Sergei would never hurt her again.
His memory of those conversations was vivid, his anger had been so great, and luckily she’d told him a lot about Sergei’s operation. He’d paid close attention to every word, cataloguing each detail for the future, when he would have the opportunity to settle the score. He was glad he had, as it meant that this time, Kyle knew exactly where to go to find him.
The door had barely closed behind Kat before Kyle jumped up, grabbing the phone book to find the next flight to London. He’d been in luck, and the next flight was later that evening. The only seats available had been in Business Class, though, so his credit card had taken a bit of a battering. As he read the card number to the agent, he knew that he would do anything, spend everything to get Tara back. The next available flight in coach had been the following day and he was not prepared to wait.
As he hung up the phone, his thoughts turned to the next dilemma. The flight was booked, but the trick was going to be getting away before Kat found out. That she would try and stop him wasn’t in any doubt.
Now that the flight was booked, he couldn’t sit still. He wanted to be on that plane right now, getting closer to Tara. Going into their bedroom, he felt her presence, remembering how happy they had been here. He could still smell her scent as he reached out and touched a dress she had left. She had worn it not long ago, before Deshaun’s murder, before she had left him. He brought the soft cloth to his cheek, remembering the light in her eyes that night, the feel of her hand in his. They had made love that night, and with the memory of it, he felt himself yearning for her once again.
He sat down on the edge of the bed and took out her note from the bedside table, reading it for the hundredth time. He couldn’t believe he’d been so blind. He’d been so caught up in getting justice for his family that he hadn’t seen what was going on right before his own eyes.
In her note, Tara explained about the texts from Sergei and why she’d kept them from him. He wasn’t angry at her for that. He was angry at himself for behaving in a way that made it impossible for her to come to him. What hurt most, though, was that he had made her feel that her opinions weren’t important, that she wasn’t important.
His head fell into his hands as the note fluttered to the floor. If anything happened to her, he’d never be able to forgive himself. He had to find her and bring her home. Then he would be able to show her just how important to him she really was.
Kyle splashed some cold water on his face, bracing himself for the next step. He stuffed as little as possible in a small carry-on, moving quickly. He wanted to travel light. He had no idea what was going to happen when he got to London, and he couldn’t be carting a great big suitcase around with him.
Throwing in a packet of painkillers, he zipped up the bag. He was ready. Carrying it to the kitchen, he debated whether or not to leave a note for Kat and decided against it. He would call her from the airport once he was safely on the plane. He knew she would go nuts. He did feel a bit ungrateful after everything she’d done for him but it couldn’t be helped. He’d make it up to her later, after Tara was safe.
He just hoped that he would be able to find her and that he wasn’t already too late.

Forty-Three


Tara started as Joey barged in her room, locking the door behind him.
“It’s time to go,” Joey said as he grabbed her bag, stuffing it with clothes.
“Where are we going?” she said, hoping this time she might get a response.
His smile turned her stomach as she got what she’d expected. Silence.
He’d still refused to tell her where they were going as she was ushered in the back of Sergei’s car, but she had known she wasn’t coming back to the apartment, at least not right away, based on how many clothes he’d packed for her in her bag. That bag was now in the trunk where he had put it before climbing behind the steering wheel. Sergei had gotten into the car beside her, immediately opening a newspaper, and putting an end to any attempts at conversation.
She’d had a bath in the en-suite bathroom and dressed in some of the clothes that still hung in her closet from when she’d left all those months ago. When she’d arrived, she’d been astonished, and disturbed, to see that the apartment was exactly the same as when she’d left it. All her things were still where she’d left them and all her clothes had remained untouched in her wardrobe. It was almost as if Sergei had expected her to walk back in at any minute. Smoothing the plain black shift dress over her hips, and looking in the mirror, Tara had felt as if she was stepping back into the skin of her old life, as if L.A. had been no more than a minor detour, a blip. She’d wanted to rip the dress off and tear it to shreds, but if this is what she needed to do, then she would do it. She had to play along until she got her chance.

***

She’d assumed they were going for a short drive across London, but it was over two hours later when they pulled up outside a house in the Dorset countryside. Opening the back door, Joey waited just until she got out before taking her by the arm.
“Take her inside. Put her in the spare room and lock the door,” Sergei instructed him.
“Wait! Sergei, where are we? What’s going on?” She felt hope rise again as she took in the mansion in front of her, the beauty of the countryside. He gestured at the house. “This is where my daughter lives.”
Tara’s heart started pounding faster. Oh, God! She was going to meet her daughter!
Sergei looked at her and smiled. “Don’t get too excited. She’s away on a school trip for the week and you’ll be long gone by the time she gets back.”
No! This couldn’t be happening. She was so close. To be where she lived, where her daughter that she had thought long dead actually breathed and slept. The rush of emotion was almost dizzying, and if it weren’t for Joey’s hand gripping her arm, she was sure she would have fallen to her knees.
As she was pulled roughly towards the house and in through the front door, Tara drank in every detail hungrily, hoping to catch a glimpse of anything that would tell her more about her baby. Unfortunately, there was nothing. No family photos or school portraits adorned the walls, only very modern looking pieces of artwork. There were no shoes or coats left in a pile inside the front door.
The house was stark. Beautiful, yes, but not imbued with a sense of family. There was no indication, from what she could see, that a teenager lived there. She was so busy taking in her surroundings that she tripped as Joey pulled her up the stairs and she fell sprawled face down at the top of the steps, cutting her lip.
“Be careful!” Sergei barked. “I don’t want the goods damaged before our guests arrive.”
Tara’s heart sank. What did he mean? She didn’t have a chance to ask him though as Joey pulled her to her feet and guided her to a door at the end of the corridor. Opening the door, he pushed her inside, immediately pulling the door closed behind him. Tara heard the key turn in the lock.

Forty-Four


It looked like they were in the clear. Deshaun’s murder had now officially been closed and it wouldn’t be investigated any further. Her relief was palpable, and as Kat left the station, she said a silent thank you. She couldn’t believe how much she had risked over this whole mess, but she knew she would do it again in a heartbeat. She loved her job, was good at it, and had never done anything like this before. And never again! She thought to herself wryly. She hated lying to her colleagues, and while she felt no remorse as far as what happened to Deshaun was concerned, it did go against everything she believed in to prevent justice running its course.
She’d stayed late at work today, trying to catch up on some of the paperwork she’d let slide while she’d been looking after Kyle. Her boss had made a couple of comments recently and she knew that she was going to get hauled in soon for a reaming if she didn’t get on top of it.
Starving, she’d tried to call Kyle to see if he wanted take-out but he hadn’t answered his phone. Guessing that he was probably sleeping, she’d gone by the Chinese restaurant on her way home and grabbed them both some food. The smell of it now as she walked up the stairs to Kyle’s apartment was making her stomach growl.
Slipping her key in the door and pushing it open, she was surprised to find all the lights were off. Flicking them on with one hand and placing the hot food on the counter with the other, she walked through the apartment to his room and knocked on the door. Not getting any reply, she gently pushed the door open, not wanting to wake him.
All thoughts of stealth left her as soon as she realized he was not in his bed. Checking the whole apartment, which didn’t take long, she realized he was not there. Leaving the food to go cold on the counter, she checked the bathroom and realized his toiletries were gone. Dammit! She should have known better than to leave him alone! There was no doubt in her mind at all where he had gone; she just hoped she wasn’t too late.
Running out of the apartment and letting the door slam behind her, she ran to her car. Her hands were sweating on the steering wheel as she drove, way too fast, to the airport. She had to stop him. He was capable of anything in the frame of mind he was in at the moment. She’d just gotten him out of one mess and it certainly wasn’t so he could turn around and jump straight into another one!
He’d obviously had this planned, but he’d given nothing away when she’d left for work this morning. For all she knew, his flight could have left hours ago but she had to try. Praying all the way to the airport, she dumped her car outside the terminal, risking getting towed. She had no time to go try and get parking.
Inside the terminal was a mass of heaving humanity, with thousands of travelers seemingly without any apparent structure. Where was she going to start? Just about every major airline flew to London and the check-in desks ran the full length of both sides of the building. What on earth had she been thinking? She chided herself. There was no way that she would be able to find him in this place, even if he hadn’t already checked in. Her heart raced as she felt the clock ticking inside her head. Overwhelmed and hopeless, she knew she had to try.
The departure board was just a few steps away, and she quickly scanned it. She decided to start with the desks that had flights to London leaving soon. Delta, United and British Airways all had flights leaving in the next couple of hours and she knew that that their check-in desks would be open.
The crowded terminal loomed before her as she felt herself jostled about. Walking as quickly as she could, struggling not to run, she checked Delta and United, searching the full length of the check in lines. Nothing.
Knowing that the chances were getting slimmer by the minute she moved on to Southwest. No sign on him. If he wasn’t in the British Airways line then she was out of luck. Holding her breath until she’d walked the entire length of the line, her shoulders fell when she realized he wasn’t there.
That was it, then. There was nothing more she could do. He was on his own. She slowly shook her head and turned toward the exit doors. Taking a final glance around the terminal before giving up, she was walking away when she saw him, hurrying towards her with his head down, looking at the paperwork in his hand. Stepping in front of him, he mumbled an, “Excuse me,” as he went to step around her, barely looking up with a quick glance. He did a double take then, when he realized it was her. A moment passed, their eyes locking.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, clearly shocked.
Crossly, she replied, “Shouldn’t I be asking you that question? What do you think you’re doing?”
He sighed. “You know what I’m doing, Kat. I’m going to find Tara.”
Sarcastically, she replied, “Oh, really? Silly me. I thought you were going to a foreign country to take on a murdering bastard on your own, totally unprepared.”
“Ha. Very funny,” he shot back, though he wasn’t laughing. “This has got to end, Kat.”
She nodded slowly. “I know it does. But is this the way to do it?”
He smiled now, sadly. “Is there any other way?”
They both knew what they were talking about now, and that as long as Sergei was on this earth Tara would never be free.
Knowing she was going to regret it, but knowing she would regret it more if she didn’t, she said, “Okay. But you’re not going alone. I’m coming with you.”
Kyle laughed, shaking his head. “No, you’re not!”
Kat nodded, her mind made up. “Yes. I am.”
“No. You’ve risked enough for me over the past few days, I will not let you risk any more. Why would you want to go, anyway?”
Kat thought a moment before replying. “Because it’s the right thing to do. And I’m not doing it just for you, I’m doing it for Tara, too. What this monster has put her through is unthinkable and she deserves our help. There’s no other way, is there?”
Kyle shook his head. “No. Even if we let the authorities in the UK know what’s going on, and if they take us seriously, this guy knows how to cover his tracks. There’s no way they would be able to stop him in time.”
“And if I don’t come with you, you’re going to go on your own anyway, aren’t you?”
Knowing the answer before she’d even asked the question, she wasn’t surprised when Kyle nodded.
Kat nodded. “That’s decided, then. Now, where do I go to get a ticket? You’re paying, by the way.”

Forty-Five


She’d slept fitfully, haunted by dreams of Kyle and her daughter, and had already been awake when Joey opened the door and brought her some breakfast.
“When can I see Sergei?” she said, trying one more time to get any bit of information about her fate.
He set the breakfast tray down on the dresser, ignoring her question as he had all the others.
Tara stood up and got between him and the door. “I said, when can I see Sergei?” She asked it again, more forcefully this time.
His only reply a smirk, Joey pushed her out of the way.
“Please tell him I need to see him. I need to know what’s going on,” she said, reaching for his arm, standing in front of him again.
Joey’s smile widened as he pulled his arm from her hand. He moved closer to her, and she could smell his horrible breath as his face came within inches of hers. She tried not to flinch, not to let him feel her fear.
“Get out of my way, bitch,” was all he said before leaving her alone again and locking the door behind him.

***

Sergei was feeling particularly pleased with himself. It was all coming together nicely. Tara would get her punishment and he would get all those who’d complained when she’d left back on his side. The damage would be repaired and the game would continue with renewed vigor, meaning more players and more money. And Tara would be dealt with, once and for all.
As he thought of the finality of his plan, the end for Tara, his mind turned to his daughter. He was sitting in his office enjoying the silence. It was nice when Anna wasn’t here, quiet.
He’d been stunned when he’d found out Tara was pregnant and his first reaction was that he would need to get it taken care of. Having a child had never been in his plan, and he wasn’t one to change direction after a course had been charted. He had made a nice business for himself, and he had all the money he could want.
But when the surprise had worn off, he’d started to think about the possibilities. He knew that one day he would want to take more of a back seat in the business, enjoy the rewards that he’d worked so hard to earn. But the question of who would take over when that time came had never occurred to him until then. As he pondered the possibility of having a child of his own, he’d realized it was a perfect solution, really. An heir. Obviously, with his new plan formulated, he’d hoped for a boy and had felt a bit disappointed when Tara had given birth to a girl, but an heir was an heir and he would make do.
Once his plan had taken shape, he’d never had any intention of letting Tara raise her. She was far too valuable to him as a prize and, in any case, no child of his would ever be raised by a whore. He’d had no qualms about telling her the baby had died. If she’d known the truth, she would have been incredibly hard to manage and would no doubt have been an emotional mess. No, doing it that way had allowed her to grieve quickly, ensuring the shortest time possible spent away from her main priority, servicing his clients. This way, she was able get over it and return to work as quickly as possible. The cruelty of it, for both Tara and his daughter, hadn’t even occurred to him.
He’d bought this house in the Dorset countryside, hidden away from his London life, and as soon as she’d been born he had packed her off with Monika. He’d barely had anything to do with her for the first few years of her life, and at times he almost forgot about her existence.
He’d never been sentimental, and a baby held no interest for him. He couldn’t say he had ever felt any desire to be a father, and that hadn’t changed when Anna had come into the picture. For most of her life, she’d held no more interest for him than any of his other business ventures.
He was interested in making sure she was doing well, and would be capable of taking over the business when it was time. Monika provided him with monthly reports on her progress and as long as she performed well at school he had been pleased. As a teenager now, he realized that the time was drawing near that she would be learning about the business, beginning to take part, and just lately he’d been making more of an effort as the time was coming when he would need to introduce her to her future life.
He had a lot invested in her and there was no way that he was going to let Tara spoil all that. She had served him well as bait but he’d never had any intention of letting her anywhere near Anna. As far as Anna was concerned, her mother was dead and that was the way it was going to stay.
That he would have to get rid of Tara once and for all was obvious. She knew about Anna now and she would not forget, never be able to let it go. But he wasn’t going to make it easy on her. She had put him through far too much and she needed to suffer before he put her out of her misery.
“Joey!” he shouted, knowing he wouldn’t be far away.
“Yes, boss?” He immediately appeared in the door of his office.
“I need you to go to London and pick up the players. There are six of them,” he said as he handed Joey a list. “They will all meet at the Casino tomorrow morning at ten and come back down here with you in the limo.”
Joey looked down at the list and nodded. “Will you be okay down here on your own with Tara, sir?”
Sergei chuckled. “Yes, Joey. Thank you for your concern, but I can handle Tara.”

***

He watched as Joey drove away from the house. It was just the two of them now. Shutting the front door, he turned and looked up the stairs. It was quite sad, really, he thought.. They’d been together a long time. It was a shame it had to end like this. Walking up the stairs to Tara’s room, he opened the door. Tara was sitting at the dresser, staring out the window, and never even turned as he entered.
“You’re never going to let me see her, are you?” she asked him.
Sergei shook his head. “No, Tara. Did you really think I would?”
She just shook her head. “So why am I here?” She turned to look at him.
“Because you need to pay for what you did to me. What better place to do that than where your daughter spends her days?”
“Did I not do enough? You had me from when I was a child. You took me from my mother and you broke me. Not once in all those years did I ever try to leave or do anything to hurt you. Why would you do this to me?” Tears were streaming silently down her face now as she spoke. The agony on her face didn’t move him, and she turned away
“I didn’t take you from your mother, Tara, she gave you to me. You know that. I did you a favor. I looked after you, made sure you had anything you could ask for and you betrayed me.”
“You took my baby from me.”
“You were too young to be a mother. She’s had everything a child could want, and more. She goes to the best schools, mixes with the best people, has everything she needs or wants. What mother wouldn’t want that for her child?”
If he’d been human, Sergei would have felt a moment’s remorse at the look of pain in her eyes as she crumpled on the bed under the weight of her sorrow. But he wasn’t human, and he felt nothing.

***

Any hope that Tara had held drained away now, and she felt a depth of sorrow she had never known. She knew that her life had ended then and that whatever Sergei had planned, it didn’t matter as she was already dead inside.
Part of her had always known that she would never see her daughter but she’d known, without a shadow of a doubt, that she would rather be dead than try to live her life knowing she was out there but out of her reach. She would die happy sure that she had done everything she could to find her again. She couldn’t help but think of Kyle now, hoping that he was okay, hoping that Kat had caught up with him in time and saved him from himself. She couldn’t bear to think that Kat hadn’t gotten to him in time and that he could be sitting in a jail cell somewhere or, worse, dead. She had deliberately closed her mind to him over the last few days. Thoughts of him were more than she could cope with, her despair so complete that it left no room for other emotions. It had been a choice in the end, and she had chosen her daughter. There really hadn’t been any doubt that she would, in the end.

Forty-Six


They’d managed to get another ticket for Kat, just about maxing out Kyle’s credit card in the process. The problem had been getting her passport in time. They’d had less than two hours after buying the ticket until the flight was due to leave, nowhere near enough time for Kat to get back to her apartment, pick up her passport and get back to the airport. Thankful for her badge, she’d approached one of the uniformed officers at the airport and, with the benefit of a marked squad car and flashing lights, they’d managed to get to her apartment and bring her her passport with minutes to spare.
“So, what’s the plan?” Kat asked after they’d unbuckled their belts when the seatbelt sign had gone off and they were airborne.
“Well, the first thing we have to do is find out where she is.”
“And how do you propose to do that?”
“I know where Sergei’s flagship casino is, and that’s where he has his primary office, Tara told me. That’s where we’re headed.”
“And what do we do when we get there?”
Kyle smiled tightly. “Whatever we have to.”

***

Kyle waved away the stewardess as she brought the food tray through the aircraft. He had no appetite, and hadn’t for days. Even if he had wanted to, the knot in his stomach wouldn’t have let him eat anyway. He didn’t think he would be able to even think about food until Tara was with him, safe.
His shoulder was throbbing and he reached into his carry-on for some painkillers, grabbing a bottle of water to wash them down. Swallowing them, he leaned his head back against the headrest, closing his eyes, only to have thoughts of Tara rush in. At least I’m on my way, he thought, as the miles passed beneath him.
He felt better now. Calmer. Since discovering Tara’s note, he’d felt like his nerve ends had been exposed, and he’d been completely unable to shake it off. Now, though, he was on his way. He was doing something, and it felt good. He wouldn’t stop until he found her.
It was because of him, because of his blindness that she had gone to find her daughter alone. Maybe if he hadn’t been so wrapped up in his own pain she would have been able to tell him about the messages. When he’d read in the note what Sergei had been doing, he’d known that he would end up with blood on his hands.
Kat was sleeping, her head resting against his uninjured shoulder. He was overwhelmed with gratitude towards this woman, who had put so much on the line for him. That she was willing to come with him was above and beyond what he could expect from their friendship, and yet she hadn’t hesitated calling her boss and telling him she needed some personal time and jumping on a plane with him. That she hadn’t found a good man yet never ceased to amaze him, but then any man who deserved to have her would have to be very special, indeed. Apart from that one time, right at the beginning of his relationship with Lori, there had never been anything romantic between them. They just didn’t feel that way about each other, but the friendship that had resulted was something that he was very grateful for.
It was comforting to have her beside him now as he looked out of the plane window at the darkness outside. He really should try to rest. He had no idea how long it would be until he had the chance again but the thoughts were swirling around in his head like a sandstorm. He rested his head against the bulkhead and closed his eyes. This would have to do. There would be time to rest once Tara was home. Safe.

Forty-Seven


The clock in the hallway struck midday. It was time. His guests would be arriving soon and he needed to make sure everything was ready. Going to his private living room at the back of the house, he checked to make sure that everything was in order. He’d told Joey to make sure everything was set up before he left and he was pleased to see that he had done as instructed. The couches had been removed and in their place sat a large, round poker table. Six leather-backed chairs had been placed around it and several packs of unopened playing cards sat in the center.
All that remained was to make sure that Tara would be ready. He was looking forward to telling her what he had planned. Smiling to himself at what lay ahead, he left the room and headed upstairs.

***

She heard footsteps approach the door, and turned from where she was sitting by the dresser to face the door as it opened.
“It’s time.”
“Are you going to kill me?” Tara asked, resigned now to her fate.
“You know the rules. You betrayed me, so now you have to pay the price.”
“Sergei, please. Do what you want to with me, but please, please let me just see her once before I die.” She tried hard to appeal to him, hoping that he would let her have this one final wish.
“She’s not here. I told you that already.”
“Please, I just want to see her once. That’s all I ask. Can’t you wait to punish me?”
“You’re in no position to ask anything, are you?” The satisfied smile on his face betrayed how much enjoyment he was getting out of her pleading. “Anyway, it’s already arranged and our guests will be arriving soon.”
“Guests?” She was confused now, her stomach fluttering
“Yes. I’ve arranged a special game. You see, when you walked out on me you left behind some very unhappy customers. Now you get to make it up to them.”
Tara felt sick to her stomach. She had assumed he was just going to get rid of her. “You can’t make me go off with someone again. I’ll leave at the first chance I get!”
“I know that, silly. That’s why you’re not going anywhere. You’re staying right here.”
Tara really was confused now. What did he mean? “I don’t understand.”
“Well, I’ve had to change the rules a bit, you know, to accommodate the circumstances.” He looked very pleased with himself. “Tonight you get to entertain each and every one of the players. They are not playing to win you, they are playing to decide who gets to go first.”
Tara actually thought she might throw up now. All of them? She could see that her reaction was giving him pleasure, so she tried to keep the fear and disgust from showing on her face.
“Yes, each and every player will get an hour with you to do whatever they want. Obviously, they’ll all want to go first. After all, who knows what state you’ll be in by the time the last player has a go?”
This couldn’t be happening! Gripping the back of the chair until her knuckles were white, Tara didn’t trust herself to say anything.
“Now, get ready. I think my favorite black dress tonight don’t you? They’ll be here soon and we want you looking your best, don’t we? If you’re not ready by the time they get here, I’ll send Joey up to help you.” With this last threat, he turned and walked out the door.

***

Alone again, Tara started to shake, just a shiver at first but growing in intensity until her whole body was wracked with great shudders. This was it. There was no way out. If she could have just seen her daughter, just once, it would have been worth it. To lay her eyes on the face of the child she had borne, to see for herself that she was alive and well, would have been worth the price. But for all this to be for nothing was unbearable.
The walls she had always had were gone now, and the idea of all those men touching her, doing things to her, made her physically sick. Running to the bathroom, she made it to the toilet just in time. Throwing up until she was empty, she curled up on the bathroom floor and cried. Cried for the child she’d never known and now, would never know. Cried for the life she had glimpsed with Kyle and the happiness she was not destined to have. Gradually, her sobs subsided and she became calmer.
Pulling herself up off the floor, she looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. Her eyes were red and puffy and her skin was pale.
Climbing into the shower, she let the hot water flow over her body. This was going to be the hardest act of her life, but she was not going to let Sergei win. Yes, he could humiliate her, let others abuse her and ultimately, she was sure, kill her, but it was up to her whether she gave him the pleasure of seeing her fear. Glancing in the mirror, she was pleased to see that her eyes were no longer puffy. There was no way she was going to let Sergei see her despair.
Back in the bedroom, she carefully applied her make-up and did her hair so that it framed her face and fell in waves down her back. Putting on one of the dresses that Joey had packed for her in London, she sat down on the bed, placed her hands in her lap, and waited for her cue.

Forty-Eight


By the time they’d cleared customs, rented a car and found their way across London, it was early afternoon.
“So what do you want to do? We can’t just go storming in there,” Kat asked.
“No, there are far too many people around for that,” he said as he watched yet another man walk through the casino doors. As with most casinos, it didn’t seem to matter that it was the middle of the day. They were open and had plenty of customers. Kyle chewed on his bottom lip, trying to remember what Tara had told him about this place.
“I know Sergei’s office is above the casino, but I don’t know if you have to go through the main casino to get to it. There might be a back door.”
Kat nodded. “Yep. That would make sense. They’d need another exit in case of fire.”
“So, let’s go and find out.” Kyle stepped out of the car, closely followed by Kat, and they crossed the busy road to the casino. The front of the building faced onto a busy boulevard and it was attached on both sides to other businesses, with no sign of a way to get around the back.
Kyle took the lead as they circled the block, looking for any way to get behind the casino. It took them a while, but they finally found the entrance to an alley that ran the length of the street behind the shops a few doors down, almost invisible between a liquor store and a bookie.
Making their way down the alley, they came to the back of the casino and Kyle was pleased to see a set of metal stairs going up to a door on the first floor.
“That’s got to be it,” Kat said excitedly. “Now what?”
Kyle’s jaw hardened. “Now we go and introduce ourselves.”
Quietly, so as not to warn him they were coming, they climbed up the stairs. Turning the handle on the door at the top, Kyle was not surprised to find it was locked. Turning to Kat, he saw her reach in her pocket and pull out what looked like a wallet.
“Lucky for you, I came prepared,” she whispered, slipping one of the small tools into the lock. It was a simple lock and Kat made short work of picking it, a trick most officers on the LAPD were able to do.
As the door swung open, they could hear the noise of the casino filtering up from downstairs, a mixture of laughter and the music of the slot machines. In front of them were four steps leading to a landing, a landing which was opulently decorated, a single door at the far end. Looking at each other and nodding, they moved forward. Reaching the door, they paused and Kyle put his ear against it.
“I can’t hear a sound,” he whispered. Taking a deep breath and counting to three, he turned the knob and threw the door open.
There was no doubt that this was Sergei’s office, Kyle thought as he took in the décor. It was far too plush to belong to an employee, the furnishings expensive. His heart sank as he realized it was empty. Walking over to the couch, he sat down as Kat closed the door quietly behind her.
“Damn! Now what?” He’d known there was a risk Sergei wouldn’t be here but he’d hoped that as it was the middle of the working day they would get lucky.
“Wait?” Kat suggested with a shrug.
“For how long? He could be hours. He could be with Tara right now doing God knows what to her!”
“I know, I know, but what do you suggest? Did she give you anything else to go on?”
“There’s her London flat, but I’m not sure I can remember how to get there.” Kyle dropped his head into his hands.
The ringing of the phone, loud in the empty office, made them both jump. It rang a couple of times before the answering machine picked it up and the sound of Sergei’s voice filled the room.
I’m out of the office for a couple of days. If it’s urgent, call my cell.
The caller hung up. They looked at each other in the silence that followed. “That’s it, then. We have no choice now, Kyle.” Kat said gently.
“What?”
“We have to go to the local police. They’ll know how to find her.”
With a sinking feeling, Kyle knew that she was right. He’d done all he could on his own and they needed help now.
“Okay. But I just want to have a look around first. You never know. He may have left something that will tell us where he’s gone.”
He stood up and started rummaging around on Sergei’s desk. With a sigh, Kat joined in. They searched in silence for a few minutes, the only noise that of drawers opening and closing and the rustling of papers.
“What’s this?” Kat held up a letter she had taken from the desk drawer. “It’s addressed to Sergei but the address isn’t in London.”
Kyle snatched it from her hand. “Let me see!”
He glanced at it, quickly skimming through the writing. “It’s a letter from a school in Dorset about school fees.” He held it up triumphantly. “This has to be about Tara’s daughter!”
Kat looked doubtful. “Agreed. But I don’t see how it helps us.” Kyle was grinning at her now.
“Of course it does! Don’t you see? This is where he will have taken her!”
Kat shook her head. “No way. You know as well as I do that he won’t let Tara near her. He’s too cruel.”
“Don’t you see? It’s exactly because he is so cruel that that is exactly where he will take her!”
Kat didn’t say anything for a moment. “You’re right. I never thought of it that way. So, what are we waiting for?”
Stuffing the letter in his pocket, they both left the office and ran back to the car. It was late afternoon now and, looking at the satnav, it was going to take them a good two or three hours to get there. There was no time to lose.

Forty-Nine


Joey led her down the stairs and to a room at the back of the house. It had big double doors which Joey opened dramatically, pushing her forward with the hand he held to her back. Despite herself, her eyes widened. The room was huge and the whole of the wall facing her was floor-to-ceiling glass, giving a view of the gardens to the rear of the house. The wall to the left was home to an enormous fish tank, built into the wall, in which she could see an array of tropical fish swimming around. In the center of the room was a round poker table, around which all of Sergei’s guests were seated. Sergei himself was sitting off to the side in a large, overstuffed, black leather chair.
Standing up, he came over to her. “And here, gentlemen, as promised, is your prize.”
Tara could feel all the eyes in the room turn to her and she could almost feel their gazes against her skin, stripping her bare. The dress she had been told to wear was one of her least favorite and she had only ever worn it once. It was black and floor length, with two slits at the front going right up to her waist which meant that every time she moved, the guests could see far more than she wanted them to. The top consisted of little more than two straps of fabric attached to the front and back of the waistband of the skirt and which barely contained her breasts. She felt totally exposed, which she knew was exactly the point.
“Now, before we start, you’ve all been made aware of the rules. Winner goes first.” He smiled at the laughing and backslapping this comment brought around the table. “But, so you know what you are playing for, you all get to have a look at the goods before we start.” He stepped aside. “If you would, Joey.”
She felt Joey step up behind her, and before she could react he had sliced through the straps of her dress with a knife, allowing them to fall away leaving her breasts exposed. Taking her wrists in his hands, he stopped her from raising them to cover herself. Closing her eyes tightly, she tried to imagine herself in a different place, anywhere but here, while the men ogled her.
After a minute, Joey released her wrists and she was allowed to pick up the bits of fabric from where they had fallen and hold them over herself.
“Now you know what you are playing for, gentlemen. Let the game begin,” Sergei said with a flourish. “You can go back to your room now. Rest, you’re going to need all your energy later.” He laughed then, along with all the others in the room, and the sound stayed with her as Joey escorted her back upstairs.
She’d expected him to leave and close the door behind him, but he didn’t. Instead he followed her into the room. “What do you want, Joey?”
He smiled. “What do you think I want? What everyone else gets.” He stepped towards her.
“Don’t come any closer.” She took a step back. “Sergei will kill you if he finds out.” He just grinned. “I don’t think he will, somehow.”
“You’ll have to make me, and believe me I’ll fight you. Sergei doesn’t want me damaged before the game.” She was clutching at straws now. She’d always known that Joey had wanted her but he’d always been too wary of actually doing anything about it while she was still in favor.
“You know, I could help you.” This stilled her.
“What do you mean, help me?”
“I can’t help you escape before you get too excited but I can take you to have a look round Anna’s room. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
Anna. Her name was Anna. She didn’t dare speak and just nodded.
“But if I’m going to do that for you, you need to do something for me.” He was right in front of her now and taking her hands from where they still held up the front of her dress, he pulled them away. The fabric fell away, leaving her exposed.
Was it worth it? Of course it was. She was going to be passed around later anyway, so she may as well try and get something out of it.
Standing still she made no effort to cover herself up. He didn’t need any more encouragement than that.

***

When it was over, Tara ran to the bathroom and, desperate to get clean, immediately jumped into the shower, turning the water on as hot as it would go. Scrubbing at herself with soap, she desperately tried to wash him off of her, to remove any trace of him.
After a few minutes, she wrapped herself in a robe and walked back into the bedroom.
“Just give me a couple of minutes to get dressed,” she told him, grabbing some fresh clothes from the wardrobe.
“Before what?” he asked, smirking at her. While she’d been in the shower, he’d gotten his own clothes back on and was now standing by the door.
“Before you take me to Anna’s room.”
“Oh, that. Sorry. More than my job’s worth,” he laughed.
“No! We had a deal!” Tara cried.
“You should know better than that, Tara. Desperation has obviously addled your brain.” He turned to leave. “Now, get yourself ready. It’ll be show time soon.” Still laughing to himself, he left the room, so pleased with himself that he forget to lock it.
Tara didn’t notice, though, as she stood for a moment staring at the closed door, so caught up was she in her own thoughts. He was right. She should have known better, but she was so desperate for something, anything, as far has her daughter was concerned that she’d forgotten who she was dealing with. Not bothering to get changed, she curled up on the bed and buried her head in the pillow. It was time. She’d tried everything. She could do no more. The end had come.

Fifty


Anna was not happy at all. Trust her to fall over and break her wrist. Even if she couldn’t ski, though, it didn’t seem fair that she had to come home while the rest of her class got to carry on enjoying themselves.
She’d been adamant that she didn’t want them contacting her father. There was no need. Monika had come along as a parent chaperone and she was the adult that she lived with. If her dad found out, he wouldn’t care anyway, probably wouldn’t even bother coming to see if she was okay.
She’d stared sulkily out of the car window as they’d driven home from the airport. They’d flown into Bournemouth Airport, so it wasn’t a long drive. She was still angry at cutting her trip short, and she and Monika hadn’t spoken all the way home. The silence was broken as the car turned into the driveway. “Whose are all those cars?” she asked, turning to Monika.
“I have no idea. Your father must be here with some of his friends.”
“Oh, great. Fantastic.” She pulled a face.
Monika smiled at her and, taking one hand from the wheel, squeezed her knee. “It’s okay, sweetie. He won’t be here for long, I’m sure.”
Anna tried to smile at her, but it was hard. It was nice when it was just the two of them. When her dad came to visit, the tension was horrible. She didn’t know why he bothered. He had no real interest in her and she knew that he never had.
When she was younger, she’d wanted his attention, struggled to understand why she never saw him from one month to the next. As she’d gotten older, she’d understood that she just wasn’t important to him. She didn’t really matter.
When he was around, he just seemed to delight in criticizing her and making her feel small if she didn’t do well enough at school. He had never once told her that she’d done a good job of anything, and she much preferred when they didn’t speak at all.
And the way he spoke to Monika really upset her. Monika had been with her since the day she was born, was like a mother to her, and she loved her dearly.
The fact that she wasn’t her mother had never been hidden from her. When she was about five years old, Monika had sat her down and told her about her mother, how she was the love of her dad’s life and that though the doctors had done everything they could to save her, she had died giving birth to her.
She’d tried to talk to her dad about it a few times, but he’d refused to answer any questions. Now she accepted that she would never know anything about her other than what Monika told her.
Getting out of the car, she walked up to the front door and let herself into the house. She could hear voices coming from her dad’s sitting room and, not wanting to interrupt, headed straight upstairs to her room. Monika would let him know they were home and she was sure that he would come up and interrogate her when he had a minute.
Walking over to her stereo which was on a shelf on her bedroom wall, she was just about to hit the power button when a noise made her hand pause in midair. What was that? She tried to slow her breathing and strained her ears. There it was again! Leaning forward she placed her ear against the wall.
There was no doubt about it, someone was crying in the next room, the guest room. Listening for a minute, Anna could tell that the cries were that of a woman, and she seemed really upset. Anna was torn. Should she just ignore it and pretend she had never heard it? But someone sounded really upset in there. Don’t get involved. You know you’ll get hell for it! she told herself. She was just reaching for the knob when the crying seemed to get louder. No, she couldn’t just ignore it.
Opening her door slightly to check there was no one outside, she crept out and along the corridor to the guest room door. With a gentle knock, and not waiting for an answer, she gently pushed the door open.
The woman curled up on the bed had her back to her with her face pressed into a pillow. Her shoulders were shaking from the sobs that were wracking her body, and Anna immediately wanted to rush in and comfort her. Closing the door gently behind her, the woman stiffened as soon as she heard the click as she pushed it shut.
“Back again for more?” the woman hissed.
Anna wasn’t sure what to say. “Are you okay?” she whispered.
The woman on the bed immediately sat up and whirled round, staring at her with a shocked look on her face. She was staring at her with such intensity that Anna felt slightly uncomfortable.
“Ah..er..I heard you crying,” she offered as she fidgeted nervously with her hands. “Are you all right?”
The woman wiped the tears from her face with her hands and stood up, fully facing Anna now.
“Yes. Yes, I’m fine. Are you…Anna?”
Anna smiled. “Yes! Are you a friend of my dad’s?”
The woman came towards her now and stood directly in front of her.
“I’m Tara.”
“Well, I’m pleased to meet you, Tara. Are you sure you’re okay? You sounded really upset.”
“I am now,” she replied cryptically. What did that mean?
Before she had the chance to ask, the bedroom door was suddenly flung open with such force that it smashed into the wall behind it. Standing there was her dad, in a rage.
“What the hell are you doing in here?” he bellowed at her, scaring her. She’d seen him angry, but never anything like this. “Get out of this room this instant!”
“I’m sorry, Dad! I just heard her crying and wanted to make sure she was okay!”
His face was almost purple now, as he grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the door.
“Dad, stop it! That hurts!” She tried to pull her arm free but his grip was much too tight.
“Let her go. Right now.” Anna looked back and forth between her dad and Tara and was left in no doubt that they were not, in fact, friends. If anything, the hatred between them was palpable.
“Mind your own business. I’ll be back to deal with you later,” he growled at her before pulling Anna out of the room and shutting and locking the door behind him. Propelling her into her own room, he shouted at her.
“Stay here and do not move. I’m going downstairs to see off my guests, and then I’ll be back up to talk to you. Clear?”
Nodding, she was just glad to see him leave her room. He had scared her.

***

She was shaking. Trembling all over, but smiling. She’d actually seen her! She was even more beautiful than she’d imagined.
When she’d turned to find Anna standing in her room, the effect was as if she’d been completely winded. She’d been unable to catch her breath at first, stunned into silence. She hadn’t been prepared, and the effect on her was visceral.
She’d known who she was immediately, of course. Even if she hadn’t seen the photos that Sergei had sent, she would have recognized her. There was no mistaking the family resemblance. She had no idea how long she’d stood starting at her, drinking her in. To be in the same room as the daughter she’d lost fourteen years ago was her greatest wish come true.
That she had no idea who Tara was was clear. She should have told her! No. It would have been the wrong thing to do. She was an innocent child, caught up in the games of her father. She would not be the one to destroy everything she believed in. She was just happy that she’d had a chance to see her before she paid the ultimate price.
Sergei may have to delay her punishment now, she realized that, but she knew that it would not change it. But it didn’t matter anymore. She had done what she came to do.

Fifty-One


Kyle had hardly said a word since they’d left London and gotten on the freeway heading west. Kat looked at his profile as he negotiated the traffic. His jaw was tightly set and she was surprised that the steering wheel didn’t snap, he was gripping it so tightly.
She had no idea if they were even heading to the right place. Tara could be anywhere and they really were grasping at straws, but it was worth a shot. If they didn’t find her there, though, she would have to talk him into going to the police. They wouldn’t have any other choice.

***

He knew full well what Kat was thinking and he could feel her looking at him as he drove. His gut was telling him something, though, something he couldn’t ignore. He just knew that they were on the right track.
All the traveling and the lack of rest had made his shoulder throb with increasing severity, and he focused on that now. He couldn’t allow himself to think that they may be too late. He couldn’t lose her. He knew himself well enough to know that if he did, there would be no coming back from it for him this time.
They were lucky. They seemed to have managed to escape London just before the rush hour hit and the traffic, while heavy, was moving well. Hang on, darling, I’m coming.

***

They were getting close now. It was dark outside, and once they’d left the main roads, the street lighting had practically disappeared as they drove along the winding country roads. But they were nearly there, according to the satnav. Only five more miles.
They’d passed a large supermarket a few miles back and had stopped to get food. Neither of them had eaten since before the flight, and they were ravenous. They’d eaten in the car, Kyle not wanting to waste any time. While they were there, they’d bought a set of kitchen knives. They both knew they were going into an unstable situation with no way of defending themselves, so they’d agreed it was probably a good idea to get something. Not ideal, but at least they would offer some form of protection. The public and the police did not carry guns in the UK, but they weren’t naïve enough to think that someone in Sergei’s line of work wouldn’t be armed.
Pulling up outside a house, they confirmed that the number on the gatepost was the same as on the letter they’d taken from Sergei’s office. This was it.
Leaving the car parked on the road, they headed up the driveway on foot. There were two cars parked in the driveway.
“I told you he’d be here,” Kyle whispered excitedly to Kat.
“You have no way of knowing who those cars belong to,” she replied, trying to stop him from getting his hopes up. She had to agree, though, it did look promising.
“Okay. Well, we can’t just go knocking on the front door so I suggest we go and take a look around the back, see if there’s another door or anything.”
Trying not to make any noise, they made their way around the side of the house which led to the large back garden. They could see light spilling from a room at the back. The windows were huge and the light illuminated a wide area. Creeping forward slightly, Kyle in front with Kat close behind, they approached the glass.
Getting down onto his stomach, Kyle inched forward so he could see into the room. It was empty, but what he saw made his stomach sink.
Pulling his head back and standing up quickly, he told Kat what he’d seen.
“There’s no one in there, it’s empty. But there’s a poker table all set up in there and it looks like someone’s in the middle of a game.”
He didn’t have to tell Kat what this meant. She knew all about Sergei’s special games and knew that this wasn’t a good sign.
“We have to get in there,” she said. “Now.”
“Let’s keep going and see if we can see a back door anywhere.”
Checking again that the room was empty, they both quickly ran past the windows, running until they’d gone the length of the back of the house. They were now at the other side of the house which would lead them back to the front. Peeking around the corner and seeing that there was no one about, they both crept forward.
“A back door!” Kyle whispered. “It’s solid, so I can’t tell if there are any lights on.”
“I don’t think we have much choice. It’s this or the front door.”
Nodding his agreement, they looked at each other, took a deep breath and turned the handle.

Fifty-Two


“Why didn’t you call me, you stupid bitch?” Sergei was in the kitchen with Monika, screaming at her, spittle flying across the room. Monika was crumpled in a heap on the floor from the backhand she’d just received.
She’d gone to find him when they’d gotten home and found him in his living room, the game in progress. He’d looked completely stunned when she’d walked in, and completely panicked. When she’d told him that Anna had gone straight up to her room, he’d run up the stairs and she’d heard the shouting.
“I didn’t know you were going to be here!”
He was pacing now, waving his hands around as he spoke. “What the fuck am I going to do? Anna’s seen her!”
“Seen who?”
“Tara! Who the fuck do you think!”
“Tara? She’s here?” Monika was stunned. What was she doing here? What was this bastard up to now?
“Full of stupid questions tonight, aren’t you,” he sneered. “Get upstairs and see to Anna. I’ve got to get rid of my guests.” Spinning on his heels, he stormed out of the kitchen, slamming the door behind him.
Thoughts swirling round her head, Monika went up to Anna’s room. Knocking at the door, she let herself in. Anna was sitting on her bed, her legs crossed in front of her, crying. Feeling her heart clench for this poor girl, Monika climbed onto the bed next to her and took her in her arms.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart. He’s not mad at you.”
Anna looked at her with a face streaked with tears, her eyes filled with questions. “Who is that woman, Monika? What’s going on?”
She didn’t know what to say. She loved this child like she would have loved her own daughter, had she had one. She’d stayed and put up with Sergei and what he did to her only because of Anna. She had practically raised her by herself and wanted to protect her from pain, as any mother would.
But, for years, she’d wanted to tell her the truth about her parents. She hadn’t only because there had never been a right time. Never a time when it wouldn’t have done more harm than good. But could it be the right time now? She knew the truth would tear her apart but, in the long run, would she be better off knowing?
Sergei kept things very close to his chest and she’d never known where Tara had been, hadn’t even known if she still worked for Sergei. For her to turn up here tonight had to be fate, she had to believe that.
Taking a deep breath, she held Anna’s face in her hands and looked into her eyes.
“I love you. You know that, don’t you?”
Anna nodded. “Of course I do.”
“And you know that I would never want to hurt you?”
Anna nodded again. “You’re scaring me now. Please, just tell me what’s going on.”
Monika paused and then, with a final determined nod to herself, decided to tell her everything. The chips would just have to fall where they may.
“I’m so sorry, Anna. Your dad insisted that you never know the truth about your mother.” She took Anna’s hands in her own now and held them tightly. Anna looked completely confused.
“What’s this got to do with my mother?”
“She didn’t die darling. I’m so sorry.” Monika watched as Anna tried to process this, flinching when she jerked her hands away from her own.
“What the hell are you talking about? Of course she did!”
Monika shook her head. “No. I’m sorry darling, she didn’t. That woman in the room next door? That’s your mother.”
“You’re lying! Why are you doing this to me?” Anna pulled away completely now and jumped up from the bed, standing as far away from Monika as she could get.
“I’m not lying. I’m so sorry. Your dad took you away from her when you were born, told her you had died.” Monika’s heart was breaking, watching the effect her words were having, the pain she was causing.
“Why would he do that?”
“You need to ask him about that. I’m sorry. Anna, your dad is a bad man. The bit you see? That’s barely the tip of the iceberg.”
“No. No! This can’t be happening.” Anna ran to her bedroom door and was out before Monika could react. Following her, she found her standing outside the guest room.
“Give me the key!” Monika had master keys for all the rooms in the house and she always kept them on a key ring in her pocket. With shaking hands, she pulled them out now and handed them to Anna. She’d set her on this path and now she had to let her see it through.
She watched as Anna scrambled with the key, finally getting it into the lock and turning it, pushing the door open.

Fifty-Three


Everything was going wrong. He’d need to move fast or things were going to get out of hand. What on earth had Monika been thinking, not telling him they were coming home? One simple phone call and all this would have been avoided. He would deal with her later, he promised himself. Teach her a lesson she wouldn’t forget in a hurry. Right now, though, he had to get rid of his guests.
The game had carried on after Monika’s interruption and all the players were concentrating intensely as he walked back into the room. Joey was seated in the chair overseeing things, and he raised an eyebrow as Sergei entered the room. Walking over to him, he brought him up to date in a low voice and told him what was going to have to happen.
Approaching the table, Sergei cleared his throat. “Gentlemen, I’m afraid I have some bad news. As you probably guessed from the interruption, I have some unexpected guests.” He paused to let the murmuring around the table die down. “The game is going to have to be postponed.” He raised his hands as the murmuring turned into loud protests. “I’m sorry. There is nothing I can do. I assure you the game is not being canceled, and we will pick it up again in a couple of days, probably in London.”
He gestured over to Joey. “Joey will make sure you all have your money returned to you and will drive you back to London immediately.”
Leaving Joey to deal with the disgruntled players, he left the room and went to his office. He needed a minute to think, to decide how best to deal with this situation. Closing the door behind him, he poured himself a large whiskey and quickly drained the glass before pouring himself another.
He was painfully aware that if he hadn’t taken Tara’s betrayal so personally, he wouldn’t be in this mess. He would have dealt with her the same way he dealt with all the others, and no one would be any the wiser. Now, though, Anna had seen her and he was going to have to think of something to explain what was going on. He couldn’t let her find out the truth.

Fifty-Four


The room was dark as Kyle pushed open the door, but the light from the moon lit up the room enough for them to see that they were in the kitchen. The sound of a car engine starting up stopped them in their tracks and they stood, stock still and trying not to breath, as they heard it drive away from the house. Someone had just left.
They looked at each other, and it was clear to him that they were both thinking the same thing. Was it Sergei?
There was only one way to find out. Moving slowly, they inched forward towards the kitchen door and slowly opened it.
The door opened onto the hallway connected to the front door and from which a central staircase rose up to the first floor. There was a light on here, but no sign of anyone.
“You check upstairs and I’ll check down here.” Kyle whispered to Kat, who nodded. This was just like being at work.
Pushing the door fully open, they crept into the hall. They hadn’t gone more than a few steps before a door opposite the kitchen swung open. A man stood there and Kyle didn’t need an introduction to know that this was Sergei. Tara had described him perfectly.
The man spotted them immediately and the confusion on his face was rapidly replaced by anger.
“Who the hell are you?” he asked as he marched towards them. “How the hell did you get in my house?”
He didn’t have the chance to say anything more. All the anger, all the fear and hatred that Kyle felt for this man exploded out of him and, with his good arm, he swung a punch with all that power behind it and was rewarded with a satisfying crunch as his fist met bone. He was about to follow through with another when he heard a voice shout.
“Get off him!”
Shocked, he looked up to where the voice had come from and saw a young girl standing at the top of the stairs. There was no mistaking Tara’s daughter.

***

She looked at Tara through new eyes now, and she was surprised she hadn’t seen it before. The resemblance was there for all to see. But, then, why would she have noticed? She wasn’t expecting any of this.
“Anna.” She could see now that the pain in this woman’s eyes mirrored her own, and her longing was obvious.
“Monika says you’re my mother. Is it true?”
With tears streaming down her face, almost blinding her, Tara nodded.
“Yes. Oh, yes, Anna, my darling.”
She came towards Anna then, opening her arms to her. As she did, Anna took a step back. This was too much. More than she could cope with. Her whole world had just been turned on its axis.
Holding up her hands to stop her coming any close,r she asked, “Is it true that my father told you I was dead?”
Tara nodded through her tears.
“Yes, darling. I only found out about you a few months ago. I’ve been trying to get to you ever since.”
Anna shook her head. “But it doesn’t make sense! Why would Dad want to keep you away from me?”
She saw Tara look behind her, then and lock eyes with Monika, who had followed her into the room.
“I’ve told her that her father is not a good man,” Monika said.
Tara nodded once. “He’s not, Anna. Your father has done many, many terrible things. Things you should never know about at your age.”
Anna was getting hysterical now, her anger mingling with her confusion and doubt.
“I don’t believe you! You’re lying!” Turning, she pushed past Monika standing in the doorway and ran out of the room. She had to find her father!
Reaching the top of the stairs, she stopped in her tracks. She could hear raised voices from below and, looking over the banister, saw her father and a man and a woman she had never seen before. They were arguing and as she watched, the man pulled back his right arm and punched her father in the face. The crack as his fist broke his nose sounded like a gunshot and her father cried out in pain as he staggered back.
“Get off him!” she shouted at the top of her voice, running down the stairs. “Dad? Dad, are you okay?” she cried as she ran to him.
“Get off me!” He pushed her away as she tried to pull his hands away from his face.
“Anna?” Kyle said, staring at the girl who had appeared as if from nowhere.
She turned to look at the man who had just spoken her name. “Why did you do that? Who are you?”
Before she heard a response to this question, an arm snaked round her neck and she was grabbed from behind. In shock, she grabbed at it and tried to pull it away, but it wouldn’t budge.

***

“We’ve got to go after her!” Tara cried as Anna ran out of the room. Monika grabbed her arm as she ran past her, pulling her up short. “Wait!”
“I’ve waited too long. I’ve got to go to her, make her see!”
“I know you have, but she’s scared. She’s got no idea what’s going on. And she’s going to go running straight to Sergei. Tara, I don’t have to tell you what he’s capable of. You need to be really careful.”
Tara placed her hand on Monika’s, which still rested on her arm. “I know, but I’m not scared of him anymore. My baby knows the truth now. It’s out there and he can’t hide it from her anymore.”
Tara turned to the leave the room and then paused. Turning back to look at Monika, she asked, “Are you the one who’s been looking after her all these years?”
Monika just nodded, tears in her eyes. “Yes. She’s my baby, too.”
Tara reached for her then, hugging Monika tightly. “Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.” Knowing she had no time to lose, she quickly pulled away and left the room.

***

She heard the voices before she got to the top of the stairs. She could clearly make out Anna’s and Sergei’s, but a third voice made her heart still. It couldn’t be!
“Kyle? Oh, Kyle!”
Rushing forward, she look down. It was! Without a thought she ran down the stairs and straight into Kyle’s arms.
She’d barely feel his arms tighten around her, though, before she heard Anna cry out. Whipping around, what she saw horrified her. With his arm around her neck, Sergei was holding Anna tight against him. She was on her tiptoes and it was clear that she was struggling to breathe.
Shocked, she tried to keep her voice calm. “Let her go, Sergei.”
“Dad! Stop it!” Her daughter’s plea cut straight through her and to her heart.
“Sergei! You’re scaring her!” Tara pleaded with him.
“I told you I would make you pay. One way or another,” he hissed, not releasing his grip.
“For God’s sake! She’s your daughter!”
Sergei smiled. “Yes, she is. But it’s obvious she means a lot more to you than she has ever meant to me.”
The look on Anna’s face at these words, coming from her own father, broke Tara’s heart.
“What are you going to do? Kill her? Then what?” Tara tried to reason with him. “You just walk away?”
“I think I’m past just walking away, at this point, anyway. If I’m going down, I’m going to make you suffer before I do.”
“No one’s taking you down, Sergei. Let her go and we all get to walk away.” She didn’t believe what she was saying herself, but she needed Sergei to believe it.
“You must think I’m stupid. The only reason she’s around is to take over from me. If there’s nothing left to take over, there’s no reason to keep her alive.”
At this, he tightened his hold around Anna’s neck even more and Tara could see that she was starting to fade in and out of consciousness.
Kyle took a step forward, ready to launch himself at Sergei, but before he could move, Sergei reached behind his back and took something out of the waistband of his trousers. There was no mistaking the muzzle of a gun and they all stood still, frozen to the spot.
“Don’t any of you even think about moving.”
They could see that he was getting agitated as he started to wave the gun around. “This is all your doing, Tara. You see that, don’t you?”
He’d relaxed his arm a bit and Anna was now taking deep breaths and looking at Tara, pleading with her eyes.
“If you hadn’t run off, none of this would have happened. You’ve only got yourself to blame for whatever happens next.”
He took the gun and placed it against Anna’s head.
“Dad!” she screamed.
“It’s okay. You won’t suffer.” He started to pull his finger back on the trigger.
It was more than she could bear and Tara almost fell to her knees, her legs buckling beneath her.
“Sergei, no!”
Suddenly, the arm that was curled around Anna’s neck let her go and she rushed towards Tara. Thinking that Sergei had seen sense at last, Tara opened her arms to her daughter and, for the first time in fourteen years, held her tight in her arms. “Oh, God, thank you!”
The gunshot took them all by surprise, making Tara scream. They’d been so focused on Anna that they hadn’t been paying attention to Sergei, who was now lying on the floor, bleeding heavily. On her knees next to him, Monika was clutching at her neck, blood pouring from between her fingers, a puzzled look on her face.

***

When Tara ran out of the room to find Anna, Monika had followed her and had seen the events unfold from the top of the stairs, out of sight of the others.
From the day that she had been placed in her arms as a tiny baby and she had been given the job of looking after her, that is exactly what Monika had done. She loved her with all her heart and thought of her as her own daughter. She’d put up with so much from Sergei over the years because she could never have borne to be separated from her.
But now, seeing what he was doing to her, she felt like a mother bear and her instinct was to run down the stairs and rip out his throat with her bare hands.
Entering Anna’s room, she closed the door softly behind her. Moving quickly, she pulled Anna’s dresser and positioned it under the window. Kicking off her shoes, she climbed on top of it and pushed the bedroom window open as far as it would go. With a bit of squeezing, she would be able to get through. Putting her feet outside first, there was just enough room for her to wriggle through the gap. When her hips and legs were on the outside, she turned herself around so that she was on her stomach, holding on to the window frame. The drop down to the flat roof below was only about six feet and, taking a deep breath, she let herself drop.
From there it was another short jump down to the grass of the back garden. Noiselessly, she crept towards the French doors that led into Sergei’s private living room, empty now. Relief flooded through her as she tried the handle and the door opened.
Now what? With a quick glance round the room she spotted what she was looking for. On a side table, ready for the players, Joey had set up drinks, including a couple of lemons and a knife to cut them with.
Picking up the knife, she held it tightly in her hand as she opened the door.
Nobody noticed her as she crept, barefoot, up behind Sergei.
She watched as he pulled the gun from where it had been nestled in the waistband of his trousers at his back, and placed it against Anna’s head.
Moving at a speed she’d never known she possessed, she slid forward, and without a moment’s hesitation thrust the knife into him as far as it would go.
For a moment, she thought she’d missed or that the knife hadn’t gone in as nothing happened. But then, without a word, she saw his arm drop and Anna run into Tara’s arms.
His mouth open in shock, he turned slowly to face her, his hand feeling for the wound at his back.
Her strength deserted her then as she watched, as if in slow motion, as he raised the gun and shot her before collapsing to the floor. She felt the bullet hit her in the neck, blood spurting immediately, and she dropped to her knees.
She expected to feel pain, but there wasn’t any. Instead, she was filled with a warm glow as she looked over at Anna, held tight in her mother’s arms. It was over, at last. He wouldn’t be able to hurt them anymore and she had done the one thing she had always sworn to do. Protect the child she considered her own.

***

Anna let out a piercing scream and rushed forward, reaching Monika’s side just as she fell to the floor.
“Call for help!” she cried, as she placed both her hands over the gushing wound trying to stop the blood. It barely made a difference and the blood kept coming, seeping through her fingers and soaking her hands. “Don’t leave me! You can’t! Oh, God, please!” she sobbed.
Tara watched helplessly as Monika lay there, dying. Dropping to her knees, she knelt beside her, gripping her hand in her own.
“Come on, stay with us!” she told her, frantically looking at Kyle and Kat for help. Kyle had already taken his shirt off and, gently removing Anna’s hands from the wound, he now pressed it against Monika’s neck.
She was losing blood fast and, looking in her eyes, Tara could see that she knew she wasn’t going to make it.
“Call an ambulance!”
“Already on it,” Kat said, holding her cell to her ear.
“No!” Monika cried out. “No ambulance!” Tara could see that she was trying to say more but was getting weaker by the second. She leaned in close, her ear almost touching Monika’s lips so that she could hear.
“Go,” Monika said softly. It was barely more than a whisper. “Go, take your daughter and go. Be free.”
Tara could barely speak, the sobs taking all her breath.
“Thank you,” she whispered back, gripping Monika’s hand and looking deep into her eyes. “Thank you.”
Monika didn’t hear the second thank you. She was gone, her body limp.

***

Kyle had known immediately that Monika’s wound would be fatal, and it had only taken minutes from when she’d been hit to when she’d bled out.
Kat had terminated her call when she’d seen it was too late for Monika and they both now stood, watching silently as Tara and Anna held each other, crying uncontrollably, on the floor next to her body. As he watched them, their hearts breaking, Kyle wished he’d been able to kill Sergei himself.
A movement out of the corner of his eye caught his attention. Sergei hadn’t moved since he’d fallen so Kyle had assumed Monika had killed him, but it looked like he’d just passed out.
Walking over to him now where he lay, Kyle looked down at him.
“Help me.” Sergei looked up at Kyle and pleaded. “Get help.”
Kneeling down next to him, Kyle grabbed him and turned him on to his side so that he could look at his wound, ignoring his pained cries. Lifting his jacket and pulling his shirt out of his pants, he found it. A puncture wound just where his kidney would be.
Looking around, he spotted the knife Monika had used on the floor close to where she had fallen. The blade was about six inches long and had blood all the way up to the hilt, clearly having gone all the way in. Lying him back down and turning away without a word, he went over to Anna, still cradled in Tara’s arms.
Hunkering down so that he was at eye level, he took one of her bloodied hands in his own.
“Anna, sweetheart, I know this is incredibly hard but we have to make a decision.” He didn’t know how she would respond, so he just came out with it. “Your dad has a nasty injury but, with treatment, it’s possible that he will make it. Without treatment there is no doubt that he won’t.”
Taking a deep breath, he said. “We have two choices. We stay with your dad and call for help or we go. Now.” Kyle didn’t want to explain that if they stayed, they would be in all sorts of trouble. She had been through so much and she needed to make the decision that was right for her.
She lifted her tear-streaked face to his and looked him straight in the eye. “Let’s go,” she said, starting to get to her feet.
Kyle and Tara exchanged a look.
“Are you sure, honey?” Tara asked.
Kyle needed her to understand what she was saying. “We don’t know how long it will be until someone finds him. Joey has only just left so he won’t be back for hours, and that will be too late for him.”
“I’m sure. Get me away from this monster. Please.”
“It will be my pleasure,” Kyle told her and, without a backward glance, they all walked out of the house, ignoring Sergei’s pleas for help.

Fifty-Five


They’d driven straight back to London, and after a quick detour to a gas station to get cleaned up, they’d headed straight for the airport.
“You’re going to have to pay for the tickets this time, Kat.” Kyle said with a wry smile as they walked over to the ticket desk. They’d left Tara and Anna sitting in one of the many coffee shops while they went to try and arrange flights home.
She just smiled, and asked, “What do you think will happen now?”
Keeping his voice low so that they weren’t overheard, Kyle whispered, “With any luck, he’s already dead. If not, he soon will be.”
“Do you think they’ll come looking for Anna?”
“I think they’ll be in touch, but I think Tara’s letter should stop them from asking too many questions.” He’d gotten Tara to write a letter before they left, agreeing to have Anna come live with her in the U.S. and she’d dated it the month before.
“When they do contact us to let us know of Sergei’s sad demise, we’ll make sure to be appropriately shocked.”
They were in luck, and they managed to get four seats on the next available flight back to L.A., scheduled to leave in under three hours. Handing over their passports, thankfully Anna still had hers from her trip and Tara’s was still in her purse, they collected their tickets. They were going home.

***

As he sat now and looked at Tara and Anna sitting across the aisle, Anna fast asleep with her head on Tara’s shoulder, Kyle knew they’d done the right thing. He was not proud of leaving a man to die but he knew that it was not something that would haunt him. He could have killed him, put him out of his misery, but he didn’t want Anna to live with her father’s killer. She was young and while she may not think so now, one day she might grow to hate him for it. No, it was better this way.
They’d been through so much and he would spend the rest of his life making sure that these women realized just how much they were loved and he knew now, without a doubt, that if Lori and his son were looking down on him, they would be pleased he had found happiness again.

***

Tara held her daughter tight as she rested her chin on the top of her head, gazing out of airplane window. She didn’t think she would ever let her go. Despite everything she had gone through since being sold to Sergei, it had all been worth it to get to this perfect moment.
She knew that it would take time for them to get to know each other and to process everything that had happened, but they had all the time in the world. She also knew that whatever problems they faced, they would face them as a family.
Turning her head, she looked across the aisle at Kyle and caught his eye. The intensity of the love burning there brought a lump to her throat. How had she ever doubted him? He had traveled the world to save her, had risked his life for her. Despite everything, she was the luckiest woman alive.


THE END
***

To Kill For is out now! Here is a sneak preview!


TO KILL FOR

One


What was she supposed to say? Every person in the room had their eyes glued to her, smiles on their faces. As Jamie glanced around at them all, she spotted her mom and dad. Dad had his arm around her mom’s waist, and both were beaming proudly as they looked at her, dressed in their finery. The invitations had been very clear. This was a black tie event and the guests were dressed up to the nines for this, her twenty-first birthday party.
As one of the wealthiest families in Brecon Point, entertaining was something they regularly did. For tonight’s festivities, they’d taken over Faraday’s Tennis Club, a place where you didn’t usually get in unless you had a bank account in the seven figures. But tonight, just about everybody had been invited and social differences had been set aside. Now, they were all standing around, looking at her.
As she peered down at the young man bent on one knee in front of her, Jamie was hit by a sudden wave of panic. She loved him. Well, she thought she did but she was only twenty-one, far too young to get married. But what was she supposed to say? If she said no, her parents would be devastated, not to mention completely embarrassed in front of all their guests.
He was starting to look a bit uncomfortable now and, with a jolt, Jamie realized that at least a full minute had passed since he’d presented her with the ring and asked her to marry him. She’d not said a word.
“Yes. Yes, of course I’ll marry you.” What else could she say?

***

Ted hadn’t left her side since he’d slipped the ring on her finger. She had to admit, it was stunning and undoubtedly expensive, a cabochon cut yellow diamond, which fit perfectly on her left hand and flashed every time it caught the light. For the past hour, people had come up to them, shaking Ted’s hand and admiring the ring. It was gorgeous. Ted was gorgeous. So why did she feel as though she’d just been put on a leash?
Ted Coleman, one of the Kentucky Colemans no less, had set his sights on her when she’d still been in high school. They’d met at one of the many social functions both their families had attended on one of his visits home from college and they’d started dating right away. It had become serious once he had returned home and gone to work for his father.
Her parents had been thrilled. He was from a good family and had excellent prospects, things that were still important to them even in this day and age. Jamie knew they’d harbored hopes that the two of them would marry one day, but tonight’s proposal had completely taken her by surprise.
“Did you know about this?” she whispered to her mom after finally giving Ted the slip for five minutes.
“Of course, darling. Ted came to see your father last week and asked for his permission.” She beamed. “Isn’t it wonderful? I’m thrilled for you both!”
“I guess.” Jamie shrugged.
Her mom placed a hand on her arm. “Aren’t you happy?”
Jamie looked into her mother’s face and saw the question there. Not wanting to upset her, she forced herself to smile widely. “Of course I am, Mom. Still just a little shocked, I think.”
Her mom wouldn’t understand. She’d married her father at about the same age as Jamie was now. Theirs hadn’t been a marriage of love, but more of an agreement between two families that it would be a good match. Not that they’d been unhappy, not at all. But her mom had taken on the role of good little wife, subservient to her husband, and that was not something Jamie had ever envisioned for herself. She wanted more out of life, wanted to see the world.
“Oh, good! Don’t worry me like that!”
“Sorry, Mom.” Jamie looked around. “Where’s Jake? I haven’t seen him since we got here.”
“I don’t know, darling. I saw him go outside with that Parker girl.” She sniffed with distaste. “I just don’t know what he sees in her.”
Jamie knew exactly what her brother saw in her, but she didn’t think it was something she should share with her mom. She loved her mother to pieces, but she was a complete snob in some ways and Carrie Parker did not fit with what she had in mind for her only son.
“There you are!” a voice boomed, and Jamie turned to find Ted standing behind her. “Come on, my parents want to see the ring.” Taking her by the elbow, and making his apologies to her mother, he led her away.

Two


“Come on, baby.” Jake pushed his hand up under Carrie’s dress. The lights from the party shone on the bench where they were sitting, and the sound of music and laughter drifted out across the lawn.
“Not here. Someone will see!” With a giggle, Carrie took him by the hand and led him away from the main club house and into a stand of trees a couple of hundred yards away.
Pushing her up against a tree he pressed himself against her, his hand once again lifting the hem of her dress.
“Careful! I saved up for ages to buy this!” she squeaked, as he pushed her against the rough bark.
He didn’t know why she’d bothered. The dress looked cheap, just like she did. Which was just the way he liked her.
“Well, there’s one way to deal with that.” he told her, reaching up behind her and undoing her zipper. Tugging the dress from her shoulders, it slithered to the ground with nothing left to keep it up. That was more like it! he thought to himself, as he looked her over, naked except for a tiny black thong.
She was a pretty girl. Not classically beautiful, but not bad. Her light blonde hair with natural waves hung down to her shoulders and her eyes, wide like a doe’s, were dark brown. It was her body, though, that was her best feature.
He took it all in by the moonlight, her body slim and firm, with large, perky breasts. The fact that she was always willing was what kept him coming back for more, though. That’s why he’d brought her to his sister’s party tonight. He’d known full well that he would need his own entertainment and, looking at her now, he was glad he had.

***

“You do love me, don’t you?” she asked him, as he was doing up his zipper.
Here we go. “Would I have invited you tonight if I didn’t?”
He avoided the question. It’s not that he didn’t like her but, let’s face it, she wasn’t wife material. She was the kind of girl you kept hidden away in an apartment somewhere to satisfy your needs at the drop of a hat. No, any wife of his would have breeding. And more importantly, money. His father had instilled that in him from a very early age.
He supposed he’d better go and show his face at the party or his parents would have his hide. He didn’t want to give them yet another reason to remind him about how damned perfect his sister was.
She wasn’t his biological sister. His parents had adopted him as a three-month-old after years of trying to have children of their own. What they hadn’t expected when they’d brought him home was to find out that, in a twist of fate, his mom had already been pregnant with his sister. Jamie had been born six months later.
He’d found out the truth shortly after his sixth birthday, and he hadn’t taken it well. His mom had since told him that she’d thought it was too soon, that he’d been too young, but his father had been insistent, telling her that it would toughen him up.
They’d sat him down and explained that his parents hadn’t been able to take care of him properly, so they’d chosen him to be theirs. Looking back, he knew that was when the first stirrings of discontent had settled within him, but it wasn’t until later that these formed into something more.
He’d found out years later that his biological parents, whoever they were, had, in fact, abandoned him in a basket by the side of the road, unwanted and discarded like trash.
It was that piece of knowledge more than anything else that had changed him then, that had sown the seed of the deep insecurity that had grown within him and fueled his desire to be someone.
Ever since that day, he’d watched for signs that they preferred Jamie to him and he’d seen them everywhere, especially the way they’d look at him, disappointed, when Jamie had brought home achievement award after achievement award from school and all he’d brought home were detention notices. Then, as they’d gotten older, she’d made friends with all the right people while his friends were frowned upon.
And now, tonight. Yet again, Jamie had lived up to their dreams of the perfect child and gotten engaged to the perfect man. When his parents had told him what was going to happen tonight, he’d been determined not to be there. He didn’t think he could face seeing their disappointment in him yet again. He was finding it harder and harder these days to hide his feelings.
Pushing open the French doors to where the party was being held, he scanned the room. He saw that his mom had spotted him coming in with Carrie in tow, and watched as a frown appeared on her face. Taking Carrie by the hand, he made his way over to her, weaving in and out of the partygoers until he was standing in front of her.
“Where’ve you been, Jake? You missed your sister’s big moment,” she asked, a hard edge to her voice.
“Did I? I’m sorry, I must have lost track of time,” he replied innocently, controlling the smirk that threatened to appear on his lips. “What did she say?”
“What do you think she said? She said yes, of course.”
“Of course.” Yeah. She wouldn’t rock the boat and say anything else would she? He thought to himself.
His parents had come to have low expectations of him, but that was not the case where Jamie was concerned. In their eyes, her path was clear: marry well and provide good stock. Jamie knew this and would never let them down, however much she may want to.
“Well, I think you need to go apologize.” She looked pointedly at Carrie. “Alone.”
Jake bridled. It didn’t bother him in the slightest if Carrie was offended by his mother’s obvious disdain, but he hated being told what to do like a child. He had to play his cards right, though. He worked for his dad and he was angling for a promotion. The manufacturing firm that had made his family so wealthy had been founded by his great-great-grandfather and had grown over the generations. Now, it was one of the biggest firms in the southern United States.
“Go and get yourself a drink. I’ll go and find Jamie and then I’ll come and join you,” he told Carrie, doing as he was told.
“I take it you’re still involved with that girl?” his mother asked him as she watched her walk away.
“Involved is probably too strong a word. We’re having some fun.”
“Well, make sure that’s all it is and that she doesn’t get any ideas. And please, in the future, keep your sordid little dalliances away from family occasions.” Her face softened. “I love you, darling, I only want what’s best for you.”
Jake nodded. “I know, Mom. Don’t worry.”
He knew that it was true, that his mother did love him, but he couldn’t help the simmering resentment he felt, resentment that just seemed to grow with every bit of praise they heaped on Jamie and every bit of criticism they aimed at him.
Searching the room, he spotted her in a corner, talking to one of their parents’ friends.
“Can I interrupt? I understand congratulations are in order!” He smiled.
“Jake!” Jamie’s face broke into a wide grin. Making her excuses to their parents’ friend, she took him by the arm and led him to a quiet spot. “Did you know about this?”
“Sure did. Aren’t you pleased?” He eyed her curiously. He loved his sister, and despite resenting the praise that was heaped on her, he knew it wasn’t her fault. Being so similar in age, they’d been very close growing up and she’d often run interference with his father when she could see him coming down hard on him.
“Well, yes, I suppose I am. But it would have been nice to have been warned!”
“I was sworn to secrecy!” He held up his hands in mock surrender.
Playfully, she punched him in the arm. “Since when have you been able to keep a secret?”
She had a point. Growing up, there had been many times when she’d asked him to keep a secret from their parents. Nothing serious, usual kid stuff, but he’d never been able to, always running straight to them to share what he knew. He realized now that this was his way of trying to gain his parents’ approval, particularly his father’s, rather than any attempt at getting her into trouble. It was as if Jamie had known this, though, and she’d never been angry with him.
“Well, I hope you’ll both be very happy,” he said, which was true. He didn’t want her to be unhappy.
“Thank you, Jake. That means a lot.” She smiled at him now, a twinkle in her eye. “So, where were you? I couldn’t see you?”
“Sorry, Jamie, I didn’t mean to miss it.” He felt bad lying to her but he hadn’t done it to hurt her.
“Are you and Carrie serious, then?” she asked knowingly.
“God, no!”
“So why did you bring her as your date tonight?” she sighed. “You know what mom and dad are like. You’re only making things harder for yourself.”
He knew she was right, but he increasingly felt the need to push the boundaries.
“Dad’s never going to promote you unless you show him you can tow the party line, you know that.” She put her hand on the sleeve of his jacket. “Just try, for me?”
She was right, of course. His father was very old fashioned in his views. Men could and should be men, but they should keep it discreet and always go back to their wives at the end of the night. His being so open about his relationship with Carrie, a girl very much from the wrong side of the tracks, was proving a real bone of contention between them. His father didn’t mind that he was sleeping with her, but he didn’t want all their friends to know about it.
Covering her hand with his own, he smiled. “Okay, just for you. Where is the lucky man, anyway?” he asked, scanning the room.
“Oh, he won’t be far away. He’s hardly left my side all night.” She turned and had a quick look, too. “He’s over there, at the bar.”
He turned to look and sure enough, he was there, talking to Carrie. “I’d better go and take her home before mom and dad disown me.”
Jamie chuckled. “Come on, they’re not that bad.”
He just looked at her and raised his eyebrow. “You and I both know that they are!”
“Yeah, you’re right. They are!” She pushed him away gently. “Go on, take her home. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Still chuckling, he made his way over to the bar where Ted and Carrie were still talking. It wasn’t until he got closer that he realized, from the expression on their faces and the way that they were trying to keep their voices down, that they were having a disagreement.
“I’ve already told you no!”
“Am I interrupting anything?” Jake asked curiously as he joined them. “What have you said no to?” he asked, turning his gaze to Ted, who now looked like he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
“Nothing. Nothing at all.” With a glare at Carrie, Ted turned and stalked off.
“What was that about?”
“Oh, it really was nothing.”
He didn’t believe her for a second. “Tell me.”
“Really! I was just getting a bit pushy about getting him to buy me a drink, that’s all.” She couldn’t meet his eyes.
There was no doubt in his mind as he looked at her that she was lying, but he didn’t know why. “Come on. I’m taking you home.”
Grabbing their coats from the cloakroom, they made their way out to his car.
“Your mom looked absolutely thrilled to see me,” she said sarcastically, turning to him as he started the car.
“Don’t start, Carrie. You know what they’re like.” They’d had this conversation many times before.
“I just wish you’d stand up for me now and then. It wouldn’t kill you, especially if you really love me,” she pouted.
The sex was great, and pissing off his folks was a bonus, but maybe it was time to think about ditching her. Her whining was starting to get on his nerves.
Reaching across the seat, she pressed her hand to his crotch. “You gonna stay for a while when we get to my place?”
Maybe I can put up with her just a little longer. He smiled. “Yeah, why not.”

I hope you enjoyed the preview. To Kill For is out now!







All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be copied, reproduced in any format, by any means, electronic or otherwise, without prior consent from the copyright owner and publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, names, places and events are the product of the author's imagination or used fictitiously.
