
The Six Minute Louvre
by
Richard O'Niell


Smashwords Edition
National Library of Australia CataloguinginPublication entry
Author: O'Niell, Richard.
 Title: The Six Minute Louvre [electronic resource] 
Richard O'Niell.
 Edition: 1st ed. ISBN: 9780980325218 (eBook)
 Dewey Number: A823.4
Copyright © Cultural Research Centre Inc. 2010
PO Box 564 Avalon NSW Australia 2107
culturalreasearchcentre@hotmail.com



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Walking past the big old boarding house on the main street, black smoke whisping from an upstairs window. Whisping to billowing as he watches. Runing to the front door. Locked. Bang Bang Bang. Call out. Run round back. Through the back door. Bang on all the ground floor doors. Angry man opens a door barking at him. Weird. Run upstairs. More banging below. Corridor filling with smoke. Bang on more doors.
Fire! Fire! Get out! Get out!
Firemen clumping up the stairs.
You need help mate?
No, I’m trying to get people out.
We’ll take care of it. You get out NOW.
Relief, slip past firemen and ambos checking residents in the backyard. Sirens claxon. Walking away. The roof is on fire. 


****


Under a bundle of bedding Danny sleeps in. Clothes strewn room. Clothes cover everything. Doors, floors furniture, everything. 
Danny’s smart, aces exams without really trying but he’s kind of solitary, when his Dad left, a sadness came. 
Dad was a cricketer, a drinker and a punter. Had to be fetched from the racecourse when he was needed to bat. Drinking cost him his cricket career and punting cost him his wife. Left behind a library and a motorcycle. Dan read every book in that library and rebuilt the bike. Keeping a link with his father. As if they were reading together, like they had when he was little. Smelling him in the petrol and grease of the bike, remembering riding with him, clinging on tight behind, his cheek against the leather jacket. Never knew where his Dad was. Still gambling and drinking, he’d send Dan a cheque when he'd had a big win. Postmark always a different frontier town, Lightning Ridge, Darwin, Broome.
His mum never goes into his room, the mess just makes her mad. She knocks and opens the door enough to speak through, not even looking in at first.
Your results are here.
What?
Your results are here.
Chuck them on the floor.
Are you going to open them?
Maybe.
When?
Later.
Daniel! This room is disgusting. It looks like it’s been wrapped in rags by Christo. 
Cool.
God knows how many diseases are breeding in here.
Lucky you’re a doctor then.

She tries hard but Dan is at the age that drives parents mad and she’s been doing it on her own for a long time. Angry with him for quitting his school in his final year. Private school. When they refused to submit the short story he had written for his English exam, they told him it was too derivative, he told them they could fuck themselves, walked out and enrolled himself at the local high school. 

****

Candidate No: 986322975
THE ART OF DARKNESS 

"We need to talk, not on the phone."
"Your office?"
"The boat, usual place at eight."

It was a well rehearsed routine for the Premier and Commissioner’s most confidential meetings. Eight meant seven and the usual place was a private jetty in Middle Harbour.

"Who’s behind these murders Bob, what do we know?"
"The gangs swear it’s not one of them but I’m only just holding back an all out war."
"I need that like a cup of cold sick. New player moving in?"
"No new supplies on the street."
"What has Curtis got to say?"
"He’s out of contact."
"What?"
"He dropped out of sight after we pulled the reins on him."
"Get him in."
"We’re trying, but he’s the best, he knows the ropes."
"He knows more than the ropes, I don’t like this, I smell a rat."
"You think it’s him?"
"Get him in, I don’t care how."
"I’ll need an outsider."
"We’re covered, he’s just an undercover cop gone bad."

o0o

JFK was fogged in and I was waiting with a couple of old company buddies for our flight to LA for a security conference. We were swapping yarns and it was my turn at the plate.

"Weirdest job? That was in Australia, and it’s one I can tell seeing it was in another country."
"And besides the wench is dead."
"But I didn’t hit him, it was just a fishing trip for me … the boss put out the word for anyone who wanted to check out Australia. I had nothing on the boil, just paperwork so I put up my hand."
"So what was it like Down Under?"
"Man, I grew up in St Paul so it was just like going home. I tell you it’s an All American amusement park."
"What'd they need us for?"
"Their top narc turned and none of their people could get him in, not surprising since most of them were pretty dumb and he was one real smart dude. Real smart, could have taught criminology in college. Wrote a brilliant thesis on drug policy and enforcement, was fast tracked for the top but insisted on a job in the field. Brought in the best intelligence they’d ever had. Then they lost contact and dead dealers started turning up in trash cans all over town.
I knew a lot about him by the time I landed and I knew I wouldn’t find him on his own home turf. I had to make him find me, thank God he was straight, that made it easier, I just had to find out what made his dick tick. He had a girlfriend but she was his mirror fuckin’ image, typical star syndrome, told me nothing about his real hot buttons. Luckily I managed to find a USP he’d used and hit paydirt. A man’s porn is the window to his soul and what a fascinating view it gives. His fetishes and lusts, his dreams and darkest fantasies. 
The undercover work made sense, he had a predilection for sleaze. He loved women of all ages but not kiddy porn. Plenty of barely legals, petites and school uniforms but no cheer leaders. Puffy nipples, small tits, pert tits but no big tits. No gays but some TV’s mostly asian ladyboys without implants. He liked legs and lingerie, stockings, corsets, stepins, nothing red and no fishnets. Liked bodystockings and encasemet, shaved cunts, not insertions, hard core but not anal, groups but not gang bangs, orals, bukake, bondage but not torture. He loved amateurs, housewives, housewives in lingerie, housewives in lingerie in bondage. Lesbians but not with dildos or strapons, brunettes with blue eyes, Bettys .."
"Enough already."
"And who’s Betty?"
"Betty Page, vintage thing, 40’s and 50’s black and white, Cleopatra look, black stockings, stepins, soft bondage."
"And what did you do with all this?"
"I found the lure he couldn’t resist."
"Which was?
What do you reckon?"
"Ah ... pregnant schoolgirl lingerie bondage bukake."
"Not everyone’s got the same tastes as you.
Wait, what’s bukake?"
"Let me tell you, I wish I’d never found out, it’s really gross."
"Now you’ve got me interested."
"Forget it. What I had to find was something he wasn’t even fully aware of. If it was obvious it wouldn’t attract him, it had to be something deep in his sub conscious, something that had never been satisfied, and something that had never been seen on the strip circuit."
"You didn’t become a stripper?"
"Hey, Vassar girls can do anything! So I enrolled in strip school. It was so fun. It was kind of like an aerobics class but the sex was right out there. There was a whole bunch of us all ages and we just laughed so much. The teacher was too much, she’d stripped her way around the world for thirty years, she swore it was the greatest job in the world and you would not believe what she could do. I tell you she could shuffle a deck of cards with her fanny. The ones who really wanted to be strippers were the guys, the moms were there for fun and to learn a few moves to give their hubbies a surprise. The guys gave me the number of an agency they were going to work for, doing stripagrams and parties. I figured that would be cool to get some practice before I went for a job in a club. And the teacher, she really helped me bait my hook."
"Ah, you never told us what the secret was."
"Tattoos. She helped me design the most erotic tattoos, simple really but they really knocked guys out. The first job I did after I had them done was a 21st birthday party and you know, they were all whistling and yelling as I stripped but when they saw the tatts ... dead silence, it was so weird, they were agog, drooling, and the birthday boy, his jeans were creamed. So I pretty much knew I was on a winner."
"And you really had ink done, it wasn’t a transfer or anything?"
"Hey, I’m a professional."
"What were they?"
"Wouldn’t you like to know? So I got a real strip job quicker than I expected, the word spread. Boy do those girls work. You do your thing in one club then run to the next club and do it again up and down the street all night. Back doors, back alleys, jumping over junkies and drunks. One time a club got raided by the dog squad, what a joke. Doors got locked, everyone was up against the wall and sniffed out by the dogs. All they got were some guys on a buck’s night with a few joints but hey they were flying the flag for law and order, they even brought the press with them to show what a great job they were doing.
I started drawing a crowd. My god the faces I kept seeing coming back and their eyes, sad, lonely, depraved, haggard, tired, sick, lively, leering eyes. I dreamt of eyes. But there was no sign of my mark. I was so exhausted. The other girls were all on speed and the older ones were really wired. There were running fights and unfathomable feuds. If a girl didn’t show, the rest of us worked more to fill the gap, we ran faster between clubs. I swear to god it was like being a rat on a treadmill, surrounded by every lowlife scumsucker imaginable. Pimps, pushers, perverts, gangsters, thugs, the lot.
Then one night while I was grabbing a quick coffee in a cafe, a big boned old queen clattered up and sat down with me. She leaned over real close and whispered to me furtively."
"I’ve got a friend who’d like to meet you."
"Your freind can come and see me anytime."
"My friend has to be very careful at the moment."
"Why is that?"
"Police, other people, dangerous people."
"Doesn’t sound like anyone I’d like to meet."
"My friend is the best person in this shit hole, the only reason I’m alive."
"The waiter came over and asked for her order."
"I’m just leaving."
"She watched the waiter walk away."
"Just come to the Black Mamba and you’ll meet someone you really ought to know ... if you want to survive in this town."

"The Black Mamba was a drag club in a basement under a pizza parlour. The doorway at the top of the stairs leading down to it was adorned with tribal carvings of snakes and shrunken heads in black stained wood with mother of pearl eyes. The stairwell was dark and led to a small, crowded room with three queens belting out Dusty Springfield on a stage that was so small. Someone took my hand and sat me down at a table near the stage. It was the messenger from the coffee shop. She didn’t say a word, the music was too loud anyway, and she didn’t let go of my hand. At the end of the song the lights blacked out and she hauled me backstage, along a narrow corridor, up stairs, through a storeroom and up to a goods lift. She pressed an intercom buzzer and a few moments later the lift doors opened and I stepped in. The doors closed and I ascended. When it clunked to a halt the doors behind me opened. I turned around.
Darkness.
Two spotlights came up and focussed a circle of light in front of the doors. I stepped into it. then, over a P.A. I heard this low, smooth voice, like a late night DJ.
"Thankyou for coming, I’ve heard about your act. I wonder if you would be kind enough to give me a private performance?"
"You can come to a club anytime and see it. Who are you?"
"I think you know who I am. After all you’ve gone to all this trouble so why not show me?"

"The music for my act started, so almost automatically I went into my routine ... my mind was numb ... he was my mark but he knew who I was and he had me dancing naked pinned in his spotlight, and he was a voice in the darkness. The music ended and I stood there, displaying my body and the tattoos designed to ignite his primal lusts. After a long silence he spoke again.

"You’re good, very good. Belgian lace. The finest, crafted by nuns, imbued with their vestal virgin fantasies of fucking Jesus. And you did this for me?"
"If you’re Curtis."
"Ha, ha ... Curtis is dead."
"Then who are you?"
"I’m all that’s left of him."
'How did you know who I was?"
"Oh you’re good but the plods following you aren’t."
"They blew my cover?'
"You don’t know much about our cops, that was your only mistake. Their stupidity is only exceeded by their corruption. They’re not going to let you bring me in. They want me dead."
"Why?"
"I’ve done too much, know too much. I know how the whole thing runs. They can’t let me live."
"Why don’t you take what you know to the top."
"It’s run from the top.
"Can you prove it?"
"I took out the biggest drug barons in the country and before I popped them they squealed. All corroborated each other, I’ve got it all on tape, deathbed confessions. Anyway all it takes is a little common sense to figure out. Just ask yourself, who benefits from junk being illegal? Not the mums and dads, they keep getting ripped off and losing kids. Not the junkies, they keep dying, not the cops, they keep getting corrupted. No one except the drug bosses. And who keeps it illegal for the drug lords? The politicians. The politicians and the drug lords are partners. Always have been, always will be."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, can I put my clothes on now?"
"Are you cold?"
"No, just kind of humiliated standing here naked in a spotlight being lectured."
"You can put it down as a dying man’s last wish."
"Well I’ve heard these paranoid conspiracy theories before."
"They’re true, and there’s worse."
"And you’re a self confessed murderer."
"The horror, the horror... you’re listening to a ghost."
"Why did you do it?"
"There was nothing left to do but exterminate the whole filthy lot of them."
"What happens next?"
"You’ll put your clothes on, we’ll go down together, they’ll take me away and I’ll be shot attempting to escape."
"Why did you bring me here?"
"Because you were so good. I wouldn’t let myself be taken by anyone but the best."
"You could still escape, you’ve been ahead of me the whole time.
"I told you, I’m a ghost,. A devil sick of sin. You can get dressed."

"I heard footsteps approach and a pallid, dark eyed wraith joined me in the spotlight. He gestured like a gentleman for me to reenter the lift. As we descend he smiled and said,"
"Such is life."

"What happened to him?"
"Shot attempting to escape."
"And what about you?"
"What about me?"
"Have you still got the tattoos?"
"Like I said, wouldn’t you like to know."

****

Art was Danny's real thing. Prolific. Hand cut stencils, spray can graffiti, cityscapes and landscapes, Di Chirico, Lichtenstein styles, Op Shop prints overpainted garishly, strange combinations of objects, cartoons, posters, photography, video.
Emerges for food.
How did you go?
Dunno.
Haven’t you opened it?
Nup.
We used to go down to the post office at 5 o’clock in the morning and get the letter from the sorters.
Yeah but you see, I don’t care.
I’ve had it up to here with you not caring. You don’t care about anything, you don’t care about your room, you don’t care about school, you don’t care about your future. What are you going to do next year? How are you going to decide without knowing your results?
I don’t want to play this game of getting judged by what number you get on a piece of paper. 
That’s not fair, you know I’m not like that.
Yeah but everyone else is and I’m not playing.
What are you going to do then?
I’m going away for a bit.
On the bike?
Yeah.
Where?
Dunno.
Don’t care?
That’s right.
When?
Soon as.

You’ll keep in touch? Don’t make me worry.
Yep.
And take care? You know I hate you on that bike.

****

Yamaha 550 Twin V, looks like a Harley, sounds like a Yamaha. Puts his helmet on and calls out goodbye to his mother.
And don’t bother looking for the results, I’ve got them with me.
Pats the pocket of his black leather jacket, blows her a kiss, lowers the visor, revs the engine and rides off like a black knight, a yellow L plate on the rear.
Always feels best on the bike. Like flying, smooth, fluid, free. Brings back good times with his Dad. Leaning into the bends, heading for the highway. No plans. Listens to the bike. Growling hungrily going through the gears, leaping up the first hill. Metal machine music. The road rises up to greet him.
One lane is queued up at the highway, the other free with a green arrow.  Follows the arrow. Next choice, the old road or the Freeway.
The old road ribbons around the hills, hugging the contours. Canopied by trees, chiming with bellbirds, winding lazily through the bushland, following an ancient track. 
The Freeway attacks the landscape. Hacking great swathes through hills, gashing the sandstone, leaving ramparts corrugated with vertical scars of gelignite drill holes. Long and wide and straight and violent and dangerous. 
On the old road you can be held up by an old codger perched on a Ferguson tractor with a stick throttle. He’ll pull over when he can and give you a wave as you pass. You can stop at a lookout and wave to him as he catches up and trundles past. You can buy fresh fruit from an orchard stall and chat with the sellers like old friends.

On the Freeway you can’t stop, can’t turn around and there’s nothing to see but speed. 
He'd read his Dad’s battered old Persig, no brainer, old road it is.
Old road winds down to the old brown river, bounded by the old bush hills. The two lane bridge on sandstone pylons rattles as he rides across. Raises his visor, smells the water, feels the sun and wind on his face, At the far side of the river pulls off the road. Stops to take in the place. Glad he came this way.
Walks down to the riverbank to skip a few stones. Some bound high and far, some dart and race. Texts his mum.

gone nth luv u

****

The road traces the bank of the river. Shacks scattered among red trunked trees, the river shallows patterned with patchworks of oyster leases.  Crudely lettered signs on bits of wood or old car doors advertise fruit stalls or fresh oysters. Pulls in at one of the fruit stalls to buy apples. An old lady sits behind the makeshift stall knitting a baby’s jumper.
How you going?
Allo my darlin, after some fruit?
These your apples?
Sure are, try one darl.
Chooses a nice round one with a deep crimson skin, bites into sherbetsweet freshness.
Mm, so good!
They come from some lovely old trees, been givin fruit like that since I was a girl.
Lived here all your life?
Me grandfather settled here nearly a hundred years ago an now me grandchildren are growin up here. Five generations. How many apples would ya like?
Haven’t got much room so just a couple’ll do me thanks. How much is that?
Oh don’t worry about it.
No really …
They’re my apples and I can give em away if I want to. You just take care of yerself on that bike. Where are ya headin anyway?
Nowhere really, I’m just riding.
Gettin away from the city.
Yeah, but I might go up to Sunshine Beach, I used to go there for holidays at my grandparents.
They still there?
No, they’re dead now.
I’m sorry.
Long time ago.
What was their name?
O’Brien.
Oh yes, O’Brien’s have lived on the coast for a long time.
He grew up on a dairy farm round here somewhere.
Oh yes, I knew the old O’Brien place. 
Do you think you knew my grandad? 
Maybe, there were a lot of em. What was his name?
Paddy.
O Lord, they were all called Paddy! Here, have some of this, real honeycomb, it’ll keep yer energy up.
Hey thanks, that’s really nice of you.
Drive safely.
See ya, thanks again.

****

Rides along slowly, looking for a good spot to sit and eat. Stops by a great old angophera stretching its red limbs out over the water. Sits under it crunching into the sweetness of his apple watching the river flowing and the breeze chasing shimmers across the surface. The breeze gently brushes his face as he lies back and looks up into the gnarled and tangled pink branches and the blue sky beyond them. 

Hey brother, you gonna give me some of that honey you got there?
A dark skinned girl, nine or ten years old, stands at his feet. Dan unwraps the honeycomb, hands it to her, she bites off a piece, hands the rest back.
Mmm, good. Where’d you get it?
From an old lady down the road.
I’m gonna find that old lady. Why your face so white? You ready for dancin?
No.
What you doin here then?
Just travelling.
Where’s your country?
Down South.
South?
That way.
I heard they’re funny lookin down there.
She looks up into the intertwining pink branches dancing slowly with the wind.
You know these trees are sacred to my people.
I can see why.
Fall asleep under one of these trees and it’ll take you to our dreamin.
Is that where I am now?
Maybe. You want some oysters? Pay you back for the honey.
Sure.
She leads him down to the water. There are no staked out leases, no jetties, no boats. He looks around. No shacks, no stalls, no road. A pelican glides past low to the water and the only sound is the lapping of the river on the shore.
You hear the river talkin?
Yes.
What’s he say to you?
He says … I’m welcome.
That’s good. Come I’ll take you to find oysters.
Short walk to an outcrop of rocks covered with oyster shells below the tide line. She deftly cracks them open with a stone. Plies out the morsels with her fingers and pushes them into his mouth. He sucks them against his palate, bursting them between his teeth, and drinks their creamy, briney flesh.

The young girl scampers on top of the rock and with a whoop jumps into the water. But the little girl does not surface the same as she had plunged in. She emerges as a young woman, rising up from the water, black Venus, ebony skin glistening, sheening as silver droplets of water fall away from her.
Is this still your dreaming?
No, this is your dreaming I think boy.
Her white teeth shine as she laughs.
Come here and put your arms around my neck.
He does, and the silver droplets shiver and transform into sleek black feathers on a long slim neck. She has become a black swan. With great beats her wings haul him aloft over the river. They spiral up and up to a majestic height where the swan spreads her wings and hovers, still, riding the steady underneath her steady air.
What can you see?
The shadows of the clouds racing across the treetops. The mountains, blue in the West, and great storm clouds gathering high above them. I can see the creeks and the gullies that feed the river. I can see the river meet the ocean and their colours mix and swirl. I can see the spray of waves hitting the headlands and hanging in the air.
I can see it all at once and all as one.
Can you see little things as well?
I can see gulls diving for baitfish, pelicans flying in formation, a sea eagle teaching her chicks to fly.
You can fly too. Let go of my neck.
But I’ll fall.
And where will you land?
In the river.
And what did he tell you?
That I was welcome.
The river will catch you and hold you. Don’t be afraid. When you have no fear you can fly.
Dan lets go of the swan’s neck, his heart races, his lungs pant in excitement, he spreads his arms and FLIES! 

****

Dan reaches Sunshine Beach late in the afternoon. Winding down the hill towards the town it feels familiar, but riding through the streets feels different. More than just the passage of time.  Harder, gritty. Rides slowly looking for his grandparent’s house. Finds the street and rides down it without recognising the house. Rides back, looking more carefully, remembering details, the house where the dog bit him, the tree he used to climb, the front yard with a concrete kookaburra. Stops where his grandparent’s house should have been. The fibro cottage with the azalias and hydrangeas and roses in the front garden is gone. The back garden with the water tank and Christmas bush and vegie patch, lemon and grapefruit trees are gone. Two blonde brick “town houses” fill the block, the only open space the concrete driveway, no trees, no shade, air conditioners straining.  

Rides off down to the waterfront.

The old wharf is still there and kids are jumping off it with yells and laughter, swimming around to the stairs and jumping off again, same as he had done when he was their age. His grandfather taught him to fish off that wharf. 

An old man sits on the end of the wharf. With his hand line and tackle box, he reminds Dan so much of his Grandfather that he has to go and talk to him.
G’day.
G’day yerself young feller.
Any bites?
Ah, plenty of crabs.
Mind if I throw a line in here too?
Be my guest, I’d enjoy the company. 
Need any bait?
I got some worms at the servo.
I got some fresh ones, caught ‘em on the mud flats this arvo.
Thanks.
Try to catch yerself a bit of tucker?
With a bit of luck.
Need more luck these days.
You reckon?
Yep.
What do you put that down to?
Lotsa things, commercial fishing, pollution comin outa the river, the mangroves diein.
And everything’s connected.
Too right.
A lot’s changed around here.
My word. I came here after the war, hardly anyone here then, a few houses near the station and beachcombers still livin in huts in the sand dunes.
Bait their hooks and keep chatting.
So do you reckon things are better or worse than they were back in the day?
Depends which hole yer lookin through.
Hole?
When we was kids an didn’t have enough money to get in to see the footy, we’d have to watch through holes in the fence, an how good a view yer got depended on where the hole was. Pretty good if yer were on halfway an pretty shit if yer were behind the posts.
I get it.
Well I’d rather be here talkin to you not catchin fish than bein hungry and cold in the Depression or banged up in a stinkin P.O.W. camp at Changi, but, I reckon we’ve lost a lot of what I thought we were fightin for in the war.
Like what?
Ah we’re not as free as we used to be. Got yer fishin licence? Can’t even wet a line without some fool in a joke of a uniform wantin to see yer licence. Been to the cricket lately?
Yeah, the security’s pretty full on.
I thought I was back in the bloody prison camp! Since when does buyin a ticket to the cricket mean yer’ve given up all yer rights? I thought we were getting somewhere when we got rid of bus conductors but they must’ve all got jobs at the Cricket Ground. Yer too young to remember bus conductors aren’t yer?
Yeah. 
Yer should have seen it when I went to the bar. It was the fourth day so there wasn’t much of a crowd and there wasn’t nobody at the bar so I walk up and ask for a beer and the barmaid won’t serve me! I says “Why not?” and she says I came in the wrong way. “Yer gotta go out and come in over there.” There’s all these barriers set up like at an airport checkin, yer know?
Yeah.
I says “But there’s no one here.” She says “It’s the rules.” I’m goin “What rules?” and this big ugly bruiser comes up and says to me “Yer gotta come in over there so’s I can check whether yer intoxicated.” I says “Yer want me to go over there so yer can check me?” “Yep.” So I says “But yer here now.” I could see his brain workin overtime on that one, it was a hard one but finally one brain cell sparks into action and he tells the barmaid she can serve me, like he's doin me the biggest favour in the world. Jesus Christ and little fishes, I tell yer what!
Pretty funny. 
An they got cameras everywhere. The poor bloke sittin beside me, two seconds after he takes a swig from a hip flask the wallopers come down an chuck him out!
Yeah, if we were in the city there’d probably be a camera on us now.
How’s can yer call that freedom then ay? If everywhere yer go the govments watchin ya?
Couldn’t agree more.
Yer probly too young to have even sat on the old Hill I reckon.
My dad told me about it, he played a bit of Shield.
Is that right?
Yeah Pat O’Brien.
Nah, doesn’t ring a bell.
Only played a few games.
That says it all though, gettin rid of the Hill. It was fer the people, it was cheap and it was fun. My God, the characters! We used to have the fun of Cork out there. Rowdy, but all in good spirits, free to have a bloody good time. Then that fat bastard Kerry Packer takes over and in go the seats and up go the prices and everybody has to be under control, his control, so he can make more money. I reckon the country’s losin its soul, everywhere you look there’s greed.
What can you do?
Whatever yer can son. ‘Cept join the army, for Gawd’s sake never join the army. Don’t go to war. Don’t fall for all that ANZAC claptrap. That’s just the govment tryin’ to con young blokes like you into goin off an gettin killed. I wasn’t much older than you an I saw most of me mates die. Hey! I got something here, ah, looks like … yep, a bream, nice size. Tell yer what, you can have that if you don’t get anything for yourself.
Thanks, but I’ve got one too!
Well I’m glad yer came along son, what’s your name anyway?
Dan.
Good on yer Dan, me name’s Merv and yer’ve bought us a bit a luck hey

****

a swollen golden moon 
rises over the water 
fish grill on a driftwood fire. 

the moon climbs higher in the sky
scattering silver over the black satin sea. 
watching the sound of the rolling surf.

dan dreams of running
over the firm sand by the water’s edge
splashing through the shallow reach of the waves’ wash
spraying sparkling 
crisping through the sway
of glistening water and soft whispering foam 

lengthening stride
no sound
no ground
vaulting 
through the star filled sky

a falling star
glows in his hand
floating gently back to land
on soft white sand
a barefoot girl in a yellow dress
walks along the strand
she speaks 
he can’t understand
fire in her eyes
glows 
ascending on the air
he follows
hand in hand flying
swooping and soaring 
through the midnight sky
she whispers in his ear
something crazy

a fiddler plays
dancing in the air
like a marionette

tumbling into each others embrace
her lips gently brush his cheek
her breath smells of honeydew

“take me where i’ve never been,
show me things i’ve never seen”

arm in arm
they fly through the night
through a howling storm
towards the crimson dawn

a choppy sea 
of jagged mountaintops
beyond the horizon glowing 
the white gold sun silhouettes
the highest peak
rays creeping out to light
the white ocean
of cloud shrouded mountains.

“is this heaven?”
“as close as you can get.”

a saddhu walks past
young, muscular, handsome
tangled black hair to his waist
ghetto blaster on his shoulder
playing ac/dc

sweeping her hand
the mountain vista becomes a cricket ground,
saddhu at the crease,
moving like silk 
blown in the wind
athletic, balletic, majestic
bat kisses ball
singing past the fielders.

gliding down the pitch
cream clad batsman
turns, returns
and takes command again

wielding his blade 
like mushashi
imperious
implacable
invincible

“my grandfather told me he was the greatest.”
“his name says it  all”

“can you take me into my future?”

“i 
am 
your
future”

****

Wakes on the beach as the sun rises, coldfaced and hungry. He rides until he finds an open café near the station. Over a hamburger and coffee he ponders his dreams. Decides to write them down. 
Jukebox in the corner whirrs, cranks out “Spill the Wine”.
Waitress put it on. Honey hair and golden skin, in denim shorts and a white singlet she smiles as she walks up and clears his empty plate and cup aside. She leans towards him to wipe the table down. Her scent swirling, her eyes flashing, her soft brown breasts sway gently in front of him.
I like your bike.
Thanks, what about me?
Good name for a song.
What’s your name?
I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours.
OK, mine’s Danny.
I’m Gemma.
Good name for a beautiful girl.
And your’s is a good name for a long haired leaping gnome.
They smile to each other.
Can I have another cup of coffee?
What for? It’s crap.
An excuse to stay here.
I’ll make you a decent one.
Thanks.
She comes back with the coffee and sits down with him. He doesn’t mind.
What are you writing?
Oh, nothing.
Come on, I made you a proper coffee, how is it?
Really good, thank you.
So we’re friends now, tell me what you’re writing.
Looks into her eyes and sees their flame.
I’m just writing down my dreams.
She nods, thoughtfully, approvingly.
Sleeping dreams or your dreams for the future?
I don’t have any dreams for the future.
Neither do I.
Do your parents hassle you about it?
Nup, my Dad just wants me to be happy.
He sounds cool.
Hah! That’s him behind the counter, making the crap coffee.
So that’s why you can bludge on the job like this.
Who’s bludging? I’m the Customer Relations Manager and I’m working my fingers to the bone here thankyou.
OK, and what if a customer needed to be shown round the town, would that be part of your responsibilities?
Only for special customers.
What do I have to do to be a special customer?
Tell me all about yourself.
Live in the city with my Mum. Just finished school and have the utter shits with everyone telling me what I should do with my life. Don’t know what I want to do, except enjoy being out of school. So I got on my bike and left. Only been away for a day but it’s been really … intense.
The dreams?
Yeah. I didn’t expect these dreams.
Tell me about them.
You’ll think I’m really lame.
I already think you’re lame.
Thanks a lot.
All part of the service.
OK, well in both of them …
You’ve only had two?
Yeah.
OK, go on, I just thought it was like some big saga or something.
In both of them there’s a girl, not the same girl. In the first one it’s an aboriginal girl and in the second it’s …
What?
It’s …  it’s a girl with eyes like yours.
Like what?
Hasn’t anyone told you you’ve got fire in your eyes?
I’ve been called hot, but I’ve never heard of fire in my eyes.
They’re electric, like they’re burning with something inside.
OK, enough, then what happens?
Well in both of them we fly up into the sky.
Do you go anywhere?
In the second one with ,,, we fly up into the mountains and see the sunrise.
What mountains?
I don’t know.
Tell me what you saw. Were there like, so many mountains?
Yeah, hundreds, just poking above a blanket of clouds.
And as the sun rises it lights up the snowcaps and clouds?
Yeah, have you had the same dream?
I’ve been there. That’s Everest. 
Really?
Where else did she take you?
You’ll think this is really stupid.
No, just tell me.
To watch Victor Trumper playing cricket, do you know who he is?
Come with me.
Through the kitchen up a flight of stairs into a residence above the shop. In a cupboard is a metal case. She opens it and takes out an old, long handled cricket bat, dark brown with age and oil. She holds it carefully in both hands presenting it to him with the reverence of a Japanese officer presenting his sword.
Runs his hand along the blade and turns it over, holds it by the handle and takes block, tapping it against his toe.
That’s the bat Victor Trumper hit 300 with. The first 300 by an Australian in England.
Awsome.
Tell me what it was like watching Trumper bat. 
But it was a dream.
I know what you dreamt about Everest is true, just tell me what you dreamt about Trumper.
It was like watching in slow motion, he played late but he wasn’t rushed, the strokes just flowed, beautifully, perfectly. He had this presence like he owned the ground but it wasn’t arrogant, it just seemed meant to be. This bat feels magical, it's like holding Excalibur. How did you get it?
He gave it to a kid in the crowd, my dad’s grandfather.
I’ve seen the one W.G. Grace gave him after that innings.
The story is that when Grace heard he’d given the bat away, he gave him his own one as a memento.
Are you into cricket?
Oh a tragic, I got it from my dad. He’s from Yorkshire, cricket is his religion.
So a Pom has Victor Trumper’s bat!
Everybody in England loved him, you were so lucky to see him bat.
But it was only a dream.
A dream is just another kind of reality.
But they’re not real.
No? I was the girl in your dream wasn’t I?

Wasn’t I?
How do you know that?
You almost said so but then you just said I had her eyes.
But how could I dream about you when I’ve hadn’t met you yet?
Just open yourself up to the experience, isn’t that what you’re doing on this trip?
Yeah.
The dream world is a reality that, like, follows different rules to the awake world, and what’s so good about the awake world anyway? Ever had a “déjà vu”?
Yeah.
Well I reckon that you dream things that haven’t happened yet and when they do happen that’s why you get that weird feeling that you’ve experienced this stuff before. 
You reckon we can dream the future?
You can dream anything.
They say you can’t dream you own death.
Why would you want to?
I don’t know, I’m just saying.
Maybe when you’re not dreaming anything you’re dreaming about death.
You think there’s nothing after death.
Pretty much.
No god?
Oh there’s a god.
How do you know?
Seen her, she lives in Katmandhu.
Seriously?
Honest to god.
OK, but where did you get your theories about dreams?
Here and there. I’ve got a friend who knows a lot about Aboriginal Dreaming. You should meet him.
I’d like that.
I’d like you to be in my dreams, if I can be in yours.
That sounds cool.
It is cool, Bob Dylan said it.
How do we do it?
Well, we’ll have to spend some time together.
I’ve got time.
Lucky you.
What do you want to do?
Like you asked, I’ll show you around. You can leave your stuff here. Better take your boots off, we’re going to the beach.

Out through the shop, she puts a song on the jukebox and kisses her Dad as he turns hamburgers. At the door, the song starts to play, “Wild Thing”.

****

Walk to the beach then out along the rock platform to the headland. She leads the way as they clamber over the scree, leaping from boulder to boulder, the sound of the surf loud in their ears, the wind streaming wildly through their hair.
Hold hands as they edge along a narrow, slippery ledge, their backs pressed against the cliff face, the crashing surf below them. Across that, she takes him to the tip of a huge rock which juts out into the sea like the prow of a ship. They stand, still holding hands as the sea pounds around them, throwing up plumes of spray which hanging the air then falling to shower them in sweet, cool foam.
Joy
A mighty swell rolls in, booming into the rock. They hold each other as another great wall of white water flies up then hails down around them. The swell subsides between sets and she leads him carefully to the edge of the rock, squats then slides over the edge into a concave niche carved out by the sea and wind. He follows and they huddle together perched over the water at the very tip of the headland.
 
Below and on either side of their cockpit, the water swirls and seethes, recoils, breaks and boils. Plunging, pounding. Exploding into luminous geysers floating on the breeze then clattering down to gush away in glistening cascades, bubbling over the barnacles and cungevoi, anenomes and starfish clinging to rocks and clustering in crevices.
Dan and Gemma cling to each other. Entraced by the tumult, the primal power at the vortex of the sun, sea, wind and land.
Ecstacy.
Rambling further around the rocks. She has more to share with him. They climb a track up the cliff. She stops and points to an opening in the cliff face. Hardly visible, obscured by a boulder and a stubborn, scraggy shrub. Inside his eyes slowly discern the shape and size of small cave. Large enough for a handfull of people to stand inside. Sees something on the walls and strains to see in the half light faded ochre hand prints. With the patina of age they seem to come from within the rock rather than having been imprinted upon it. Reaching out he places his hand inside an outline. 

It fits.


time stills
stretches 
thrills 
through time
and space
feels the earth’s
heart beating
in kinship
with his own
smells the smoke of campfires
sees the redgold flames
hears the campfire chanting
the pulse of stamping feet
vibrates ancient memories of
rain 
flood 
fire
drought
dirt
red 
sinew
blood
berries
hunger 
stone
spear
bone
thirst
walking
listening 
stalking
hears
the beating of great black wings
singing
the cave singing
its knowledge 
singing its power 
singing of the land
chanting its sadness 
singing its story
singing to its people
singing to its future


When the cave lets go his hand, Dan doesn’t know how long he’s been inside. He squints in the sun
What did you feel?
Alive.
How did you know about this place?
The friend I told you about brought me here, do you want to meet him?
Sure.
He lives on the bay side, we can climb up and over.
How far?
Not far, there’s a little track through the bush.

Crouching down most of the way, scampering through a tunnel in the thickets of gnarled scrub, they come out into a little clearing behind a small paintpeeling weatherboard shack, leaning away from the wind like the trees around it. In the yard is an intricate arrangement of driftwood sticks, twisted and curled and worn smooth, each fitting loosely together, woven into a swirling, circular sea, in the centre stands an oar, sanded smooth and greyed by time and tide. Totem of the sea.
Hey Micky!
Is that my little Gem?
Sure is
A tall, slim man with long white hair steps out and hugs Pearl. Gently aged with an almost feminine softness, moving with calm delicacy. 
And you’ve brought someone with you, hello, I’m Michael.
Shaking Dan’s hand in both of his and Dan feels as if they are old friends. He looks into Michael’s brown eyes and feels warmth and kinship and the excitement he felt when he touched the wall of the cave.
Dan.
Dan the man. Come in, come in. I’m so pleased you’ve come.
The shack has two small rooms. Walls are covered with drawings, panoramas of the local coast, peninsulas and bays, exquisitely detailed. All black and white, like a moonlit landscape. Dan turns slowly, drinking in the images, their dancing lines, their purity, simplicity and depth.
Tell me what you see.
An ancient landscape, here, this place, before roads, before houses.
Did Gemma take you to the cave?
Yeah, these are your drawings?
Yes.
Awesome.
Tell me what happened at the cave.
How do you know something happened?
Something always does.
You’ve felt it too?
Different people feel different things, some people find it frightening.
You must have felt it, I can see it in your drawings.
What’s that?
“The universe in a grain of sand”.
In your own words?
When I put my hand to the wall it was like placing the last piece of a jigsaw and seeing the picture for the first time. I felt the earth’s heart beating, and I felt a part of it.
That’s very strong. You must have Koori in you.
You reckon?
Oh yeah, that’s a sacred place, an initiation place, your spirit led you there.
Gemma took me there.
That’s no surprise, Gemma’s a very special girl, how long have you known her?
Since this morning.
Did you dream about her before then?
How did you know that?
That’s the way the spirit works sometimes. Where’re you from? You’re not a local are you?
Up from the city.
On a trip.
Yep.
Why did you come here?
My grandparents used to live here. 
They grow up here?
Not far, yeah.
You’re a Koori brother, and your spirit is taking you on your initiation.
But I’ve never heard of any aboriginals in my family.
Plenty of families never wanted to admit to it. Most white families. Just like they used to be ashamed of a convict past, but now they’re over that. Any family that goes back to the early days has probably got some Koori blood in it. When did your family come to Australia?
Before the Gold Rush I think.
Long enough.
Dan sits, needing to think, sense of self changing. The puzzle scrambled again. Gemma hands him a glass of water. Thanks her and drinks thoughtfully. 
Gemma picks up a guitar from beside the couch and strums some gentle chords to soothe the air
Sing us a song my little Gem.
Which one?
That one you sang me the other day.about flying.
Paper Aeroplane?
Yeah, that one.
She changes her rhythm and sings in a softly quivering quicksilver voice.

In my paper aeroplane 
I flew into the sky 
when I looked down I
saw the sounds 
of lost toys playing 
in forgotten dreams 
and tattered rainbows 
fraying at the seams

In my paper aeroplane
flying way up high 
I heard the words
of wise old birds
blowin’ in the wind
the clouds 
were making pictures 
and the sun he just grinned

In my paper plane I flew
on the gentle breeze I flew
above the tallest trees I flew
with the singing birds I flew
and when my flying time was through
my paper plane knew just what to do
it knew that I was meant for you
my paper plane flew me to you
it flew me to you
it flew me to you
to you
to you
to you

When did you write that last verse Gem?
Shut up! Let's go down to the beach to watch the sunset.

****

Walk along a sandy path to the beach on the bay. The Western sky is alight with flame flamingo, gold and vermillion, flaring, darting and diffusing until the whole sky takes on its hues. As the sun slips below the ridgetops across the bay, the clouds above the horizon reflect the aurora onto the water and make the whole bay glow red like molten lava, the ripples on the water flashing crimson and yellow like firey embers. Dan looks at Gemma and sees the fire in her eyes.
The Koori name for this bay means “Burning Water”
Shafts of autumn yellow shoot through rosey clouds. The bay glisters to puce, cerise then sinks into purple as the painted sky slowly softens, the crimson glow throbbing with one final lingering flourish before it settles gently behind the ridges into darkness. The three sit in silence for several minutes as Venus begin to sparkle delicately in the night sky. Gemma gently takes Dan’s hand.
Bliss.
It doesn’t happen often, the clouds have to be just right.
I don’t have words.
A lot things are beyond words.
Where are you going to sleep tonight? Micky, he could sleep at your place couldn’t he?
You’re very welcome brother.
I’d like to talk some more.
No charge for talking.
Well I hate to break things up boys but I’ve got a home to go to and a father to look after.
I’ll walk you back.
I’ll be right here when you get back.

Hand in hand they walk and talk along the sand.

I don’t know whether today has all been another dream.
I told you I’d show you the sights.
Can I see you again tomorrow?
I’d love you to.
Have you got anything more to show me?
I’ll keep it as a surprise. How long do you think you’ll stay?
I don’t know, haven’t got any plans. I never thought anything like this would happen.
Like what?
Come on, you know what’s happened today.
What was the best thing?
You.
Yeah?
Yeah.
In the velvet evening their lips touch. They kiss softly, as if too hard a kiss would break some spell. Their teeth tingle, their fingers tremble as they touch each other tenderly, drinking in the perfumes of soft skin, dizzy with excitement, pleasure pulsing through them.
Love.
You’re the best thing that ever walked into my shop.
Their lips touch exquisitely again, the excitement of the day welling and swirling. Their breaths mingle, she drinks in his soul.
If you leave, can I come too?
I wish you could.
Why can’t I?
I can’t take a passenger on my bike, I’m still on L plates.
We could take my Dad’s station wagon.
Would he let us?
Oh yeah, just let him get to know you a bit and it’ll be fine.

Talk their way back to the shop planning a trip together. Her confidence excites him, the assumption that they will be together thrilling. Too good to be true, Dan doesn’t really believe it will happen, but it’s fun to talk about. They arrive as Pearl’s father is closing up.
Well, what did you two get up to then? I was just about to ring Missing Persons.
Dad, this is Danny, I want you two to get to know each other so why don’t you take him out the back and show him your bike while I cook dinner?
She’s a bossy one isn’t she? Call me Tom, pleased to meet you Dan. That’d be your Verada out the front I take it.
Yeah. 
Well come on, best we do as we’re told, I’ll show you my other beauty.
At the end of the small back yard is a wide fibro shed with a corrugated iron roof. It is large enough for three cars and opens onto the back lane. Bob turns on a light as they enter. A jumble of supplies for the shop, tools, timber, appliances to be repaired, a car, a station wagon and in the far corner, the shape of a bike under an old gray cover.
Here she is.
Throws back the cover.
1969 Triumph Bonneville, had her since I was your age. Rode all over England and Europe on it.
Legend. Still running?
My word.
Fast?
Fast? The Bonneville held the land speed record from 1955 to 1970 my lad.
I know,  Johnny Allen's "Texas Cigar".
Very good. I’m glad you know your history. You’d be taking a road trip yourself would you?
That’s the plan.
Where are you headed?
Just North at the moment. 
Just letting the road take you?
Pretty much.
How’s it been taking you so far?
Pretty good I’d say. It’s only my second day and I met Gemma so yeah, it’s going pretty well.
She’s a very special girl.
I know that.
She’s very taken by you, she’s never walked out of the shop with a stranger like that before.
Something just clicked between us straight away.
Half your luck. So you might stay on around here for a bit longer?
Yeah, I think I might.
You like cricket?
I love it, Pearl showed me the Trumper bat you’ve got, that’s awesome.
A real family heirloom that is. Do you play at all?
I played at school, my Dad played some Shield.
Is that right? Did he bat or bowl?
Bowler, spin.
Name?
Pat O'Brien.
Oh yes, mystery finger spinner.
That's him.
And you?
I bat.
Any good?
Snick a few fours, take a few catches, nothing too flash, just enjoy myself with some mates.
What more can you ask for? Has Gemma told you anything about herself?
OK, are you guys ready to come up and eat?
We surely are princess.
So what do you think of my new boyfriend Dad?
Well he likes cricket, motorbikes and my daughter so he can’t be all bad.

****

Hey Mick, I'm back, Gemma sent some dinner for you.
She’s a treasure.
Thanks for putting me up tonight,
No worries brother

****

So you really like this boy?
Sure do.
You know he could just up and leave anytime.
That’s what I wanted to talk to you about.
Oh yes?
When he leaves, I want to go with him.
He can’t take you on the bike.
I thought we could borrow the wagon.
I see.
Well can we?
Have you told him about …?
No.
Are you going to tell him?
I don’t know. I’m just going to see what happens. 

****

But how can I think like a Koori if I’ve always thought I was, I don’t know… not Koori?
See that’s just it, you never thought about who you were, you just accepted you were a middle class, white anglo but inside you there was something else as well and now it’s coming out.
Why hasn’t it ever come out before. I’ve never had a clue.
Oh yes you have, there've been clues but you haven’t recognised them. You’ve got to see them and listen to them. You quoted Blake to me before, “the universe in a grain of sand”. Do you know the whole poem or just the quote?
I know the poem.
“A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all heaven in a rage.
A skylark wounded in the wing,
A cherubim does cease to sing.”
It’s about the connectedness and sacredness of all nature, which is right at the heart of Koori understanding. That’s why you were drawn to Blake, he was speaking to the Koori in you. You said you’d been dreaming, that’s the spirit talking to you.  
But I still don’t understand how I could dream about Gemma before I’d met her. How can I dream something that hasn’t happened?
Well if you think like a white fella you probably can’t, but if you think like a Koori you could easily meet her in the Dreaming before you met her in the waking world because in the Dreaming, time is not linear, there’s no past, present or future. Some white fellas get it. You’ve heard of Arthur Stace? 
The guy who used to walk around Sydney writing “Eternity” on the footpath with chalk? 
That’s him. He was on about the same idea, he was telling white fellas there’s another time frame we live in besides 9 to 5, Monday to Friday. Freud and Jung almost got it. Freud said dreams are the symbolic language of the unconscious, and Jung talked about the collective unconscious, the symbols of knowledge common to us all. That’s something like the Koori way of thinking except that for Kooris dreams aren’t symbols, they’re real, manifestations of another plane of reality, a spiritual plane more real than the waking world, entwined with the waking world but not bound by the same physical laws.
I thought the Dreamtime was the creation time, in the past.
That’s part of it, and that’s why Koori’s like to call it the Dreaming, Dreamtime implies a particular time but the Dreaming is continuous. It’s difficult to translate a complex concept. Some people call it “time outside of time”, one white fella called it “the everywhen”. Just like a Light Year is not a unit of time but actually a distance, the Dreamtime isn’t really about time, it’s about the land. The spirits created the land and they still reside in the land, the creation continues, every place has its own Dreaming, in some places the Dreaming is very powerful, like the cave you went to today, you felt its power, it’s a portal to the Dreaming. 
That’s what I can see in your drawings, the soul of the land. 
That’s good, I’m glad you see that.
The drawings are a portal too.
For those who can see it, yeah. There are many portals, your dreams are a portal too. 
So what does it mean to dream of Gemma before I met her?
You can’t get that out of your head can you? It means she’s part of your Dreaming, more than that, you’ll have to find out for yourselves. 

****

If you’re going away together you’ll have to tell him, something might happen and he'll need to know what to do.
If I tell him it will change everything. I don’t want to lay it on him. We mightn’t even be away that long, we’re just heading up the coast.
Well make sure you’ve got a spare script.
I’ll get one tomorrow morning.

****

I really like your drawings, reckon you could give me some lessons?
Drawing teacher eh? You know, I had a drawing teacher at Uni and every class he’d just walk around the room in his three piece suit, lecturing about all sorts of arcane and obscure philosophical concepts from the Kabbala, Wittgenstien, Kant, Gurdjieff, Tzara, all impenetrable, utterly incomprehensible, absolutely nothing to do with drawing. Never spoke to any of the students, never commented on any of our work, never even looked at our work, just walked around the room babbling all this stuff. Anyway, this went on for about six months until one day, I must have just had a big joint or something, but in the middle of the class I had this sudden bolt of illumination and I thought I understood what he was saying, what he had been saying all this time, it was all so clear to me, so I rushed up to him and told him that I understood and explained it all to him and how excited I was about what I had learnt from him and how it had changed the way I saw everything. He looked at me and without changing his expression he asked me my name and then took out a pen and a piece of paper. He wrote a room number on the paper and told me to go straight away and talk to the person in that room. So I picked up my things and went off to find this room. I thought he must have been so impressed that he had sent me to talk to somebody important. But when I got to that room, I was in for a shock.
Who was it?
The student shrink.
So what are you telling me?
A funny story.
Was this at Art School?
No no, I studied Architecture, drawing was one our subjects.
But there aren’t any buildings in your drawings.
No, but because I know how building alters the land, I can reconstruct it, regenerate it. I know what’s been excavated, where it’s been cut and filled, and I know what the native flora was.
Do you use old photos? 
Not as a source, no, I’d rather see it and feel it for myself. Sometimes I check later and usually I’m pretty right but it doesn’t matter really.
No?
A work of art does more than just record fact. Otherwise you wouldn’t see what you do see in my drawings. 
So will you give me a lesson?
You’re welcome to come and draw with me anytime you like but let’s not call it a lesson hey?

****

Dan dreams again that night, sleeping on the floor of Michael’s shack. 


through the high pitch 
sreatch of cicadas
the black shadow 
leads him along a track 
up to a rock ledge 
overooking the whole of the bay 


down on the water
a single swan raises it beak 
sniffs the breeze 
senses something 
beats its great white wings 
into flight
climbing high then circles the bay

a brown smoke smudge
drifts up from behind the ridges 
billowing 
filling the gullies and the sky
then 
the ominous orange glow 
before clamouring flames 
crown the ridgetops 

animals panic 
down the hillside towards the bay
kangaroos, wallabies, bandicoots and possums 
goannas and bluetongues 
scuttling for safety 
koalas and wombats 
tumble down to the water

the great fire descends 
jaggering behind them

the fire reaches the water’s edge 
pausing 
before creeping across the water 

the cicadas cry louder 
the animals shriek 
the water blood red 
flames surrounding them

the swan swoops down
brute beauty and valour and act
oh air pride plume here buckle AND
the power that breaks from her then
diving, crashing, splashing into the burning water 

cicadas silent 
animals silent 
the fire hisses like an angry snake 
and expires in an eruption of steam

then again
the beat of great wings 
out of the smoke and steam 
a red beak
a slender black neck 
and mighty black wings 
haul a jet black swan up 
out of the water 
to circle slowly 
high above

****

Gemma lies in her own bed above the café, thinking, drifting into sleep

she dreams of him
sleeping  
under a red angophora tree
limbs twisting and curling 
she lies beside him 
watching him breathe
kisses his eyelids
he wakes 
smiles 
kisses her 
lips
tasting of honeydew 
they walk along a beach
he stops to pick up
an oyster shell
inside
a pearl
glowing with moonlight lustre
its pulse
beating with her heart
he kisses it softly

drifting in the breeze
she opens her eyes
and he is there
gazing at her 
smiling
they kiss again
lips mingling

together they soar
and bank and swoop and roll
then climb and climb
high and steep and fast
until
the air is thin
and the land 
far below

drifting again
panting
laughing 

forgetting

****

In the morning Dan rides to the shop. Gemma isn’t there. Her father says she has some things to do and that she’ll meet him at Mick’s after lunch.

****

Well do you want to go and do some drawing then?
Yeah, sure!
You can be an apprentice then and carry the gear.
The gear is two sketch books and some pencils. They walk through the bush and talk.
Have you done much drawing?
Not much, did Art at school but they don’t teach us much, they just kind of let us do what we wanted. I did a lot of stencil stuff. 
Silkscreen?
No spraycan, street art.
Like Banksi?
Yeah but I use a lot of colour too.
That’s interesting, the hand prints in the cave are spray stencils, they took a mouthfull of pigment and sprayed it through a hollow reed
Positive stencil though, I do negative 
Do you cut the stencils or make photostencils?
Hand cut, I use acetate.
I used to cut a lot of stencils for posters.
What for? Bands and stuff?
No, antiwar, Vietnam, We used to have marches just about every day. I used to make these long thin posters for lamp posts, one word per line down the poster DEMO, TOWN, HALL, NOON, TODAY.
So you were full hippy? 
Yeah, long hair, tie dyed shirts, Ravi Shankar, the works.
What was it like in those days?
It was fun, we experimented with all sorts of ways to change the world, we really thought it was the dawn of a new age and we were going to bring it on.
And what do you think now?
I think we did change a lot of things, but some things, war, imperialism, exploitation they’re bigger and uglier than ever.
What do you think you changed?
We made the environment an issue, equality for women, we stopped teachers bashing students, we changed the way the West thinks in a lot of significant ways. But no, it doesn’t add up to a new age. I’m still an optimist though, a lot of my old friends aren’t but I am. I just have lower expectations, I think every generation has to do their bit to improve things as much as they can. Society changes much more slowly than we thought it would.
Was there heaps of drugs and sex?
Oh yeah but a lot of casualties. Heard of Michael Dransfield?
No.
He was a star. The brightest, most talented of us all, a great poet, wonderful, a Dylan. OD’d Easter Sunday 1973. 24 years old. So, I don’t romanticise about drugs. But the sex was fantastic. So there you go, what better incentive for your generation to get out and start changing the world?
Where are we going?
A good place to draw. 
Is it far?
Just up ahead. Some beautiful carvings in these rocks and look at this beautiful view back over the bay.
I dreamt I was here last night.
What did you dream?
I dreamt I was standing on this rock, a bushfire came down the hills on the other side, animals ran into the water to escape but the water caught fire, it was all red like the sunset last night, and I watched a white swan dive into the water and the flames went out and then it emerged, black, and flew back into the sky.
Dreamt of black swans before?
Yeah, two days ago.
What was it?
A black girl turned into a black swan and taught me to fly.
Good dreams. Black Swan Dreaming.
What do they mean?
It’s the Dreaming of your mob, telling you who you are, what your country is.
Do you think this is my country?
If it’s your country you won’t have to ask. You’ll know it in your heart, it will speak to you, because it is you. Come and look at these carvings. They’re drawings.
Lots of birds. You can see this one’s a pelican. 
It’s a bird Dreaming place. They  would have had ceremonies, stories told by the carvings, you can see why it was a special place, from here they could look out over their country, from high up, as if they were birds.
Look, this one’s a swan.
Like in your dream?
Yeah. I’m going to draw these.
Good.
How old do you think they are?
Very old, long before Europeans came, but they would have kept re-engraving them in their ceremonies, so they could be originally made many thousands of years ago.
What are you going to draw?
I might have ago at these too.
You’ll make mine look shit.
I tell you what, I’ll do the location and you do the detail.
OK.
If you work here I’ll go over there.

How long have you been living here Mick?
Oh about ten years.
Where else have you lived?
Many places.
What’s the best place?
Besides here, an island off Kenya, a long time ago.
Yeah?
Sixties, I wasn’t much older than you. Doing the hippy trail. I made friends with a guy named Abdul in Mombassa and we went to Lamu, an island, just off the North coast. So beautiful, an Arab town out of the 17th Century, no cars, the only transport was donkey, or boat. Lovely, graceful dhows gliding through the water. And the beach, 12 miles of pure white sand and not another person in sight. Abdul reckoned we could live there forever if we opened a little hotel so we rented a big villa dirt cheap because all the Europeans had left after independence. Plenty of big empty houses. Knocked together some beds, bought straw mattresses in the market, hired a girl to cook and clean and opened our hotel, The Zanzibar.
How did it go?
Very well for a while. The ferry came in from the mainland in the morning and I’d go down to the wharf and throw a line in the water and pretend to be fishing. The tourists would get off the ferry and be swamped by local boys trying to grab their bags and convince them to come to their hotels. They’d look around and see me fishing, the only white man on the wharf and they’d come over and ask me if I knew a good hotel to stay at. I’d rub my chin and suggest they might like to try The Zanzibar, “only small but comfortable and the best food in town”. They’d be so relieved and thankful for my help and off they’d go. And Abdul would be up there at the hotel, just checkin’ them in. Then we’d spend the rest of the day at the beach.
Mad!
Yeah.
So how long did you do that for?
A while. Until the locals got really pissed off that we were taking all their business and Abdul ran off with the cook and all the money.
Ever see him again?
Ran into him years later in the transit lounge at Changi. He was a Merchant Banker, still a crook.
So, do you ever paint Mike?
No, pencils and pens are my tools of trade. Colour is a surface effect to me, and I try to get below the surface. 
Do you still do any architecture?
Oh yeah, of sorts, but not in Australia. This is where I … regenerate, looking after this piece of country.
Is this your country?
No, but it speaks to me.
Do you know where your country is?
Yes, but it still has some of its people to look after it. This country had noone and so it let me.
What if some one who belonged to it came along?
And wanted to take over from me?
Yeah.
Then they’d take over.
It wouldn’t upset you?
No, I’d have done my part. One door closes and another opens.
They work for a while in silence.
Let’s see what you’ve drawn … that's good, nice idea.
I was trying to get into the repetitive act of making the carvings.

Yeah, it works and it gives them an energy, a febrile energy.
And you know, repeating the pattern spaces you out like in a trance.
OK, I see, it would. Where did it take you?
The Black Swan Dreaming again, but different. The black swan flew me through the moon and back. 
Through the moon?
Yeah, it was a crescent moon and we flew through the dark part. I know is the earth’s shadow not empty space but we flew straight through it.
How did you feel?
I was scared, I thought we were going to crash into the moon,
And when you didn’t?
Fantastic. I wanted to do it again with Gemma.
Good Dreaming

****

They walk back to Mick’s shack along the bayside beach. The tide is out and they track the high water mark, Mick stopping and fossicking amongst all the bits and pieces the sea has left for him to sort through. Pure white cuttlefish bones, grey pebbles of pumice, a dried shark egg spiral, the delicate sphere of a finely patterned pink anenome, a bloated toadfish, frayed ropes, fishing floats, a leathery starfish, orange crab claws, fingers of coral … he picks up a cuttlefish. 
I love cuttlefish bones, beautiful shape, sleek and streamlined, they remind me of Cycladic art.
Cycladic?
Very ancient, prehistoric Greek. Very simple, very pure, streamlined. A face is disk, like this with just a nose to signify a human. No mouth, no eyes.
Takes a pen knife from his pocket and scrapes away some soft bone. 
Like this.
That’s awesome.
First time I went to the Louvre, the first thing I saw was a head like this. Never forgotten it. Sublime. You can have that.
Thanks.
Walking on... a broken thong, green strings of seaweed beads, a little toy spade, broken shells, whole shells, old shells ... old shoes …
Are you looking for anything special?
Just looking, everything’s special in some way, everything’s unique in some way. Flaubert said, “there is a part of everything which is unexplored, even the smallest thing has something in it which is unknown.” He was talking about writing but it’s the same for all art, first you must look, perceive, and then try to express truly that perception, and then, if you’re lucky, the magic happens.
The magic?
Beautiful accidents, serendipity, synchronicity, doors open, new paths appear, new ideas fly in. Once you begin a creative work, it leads you to new thoughts and new places you hadn’t thought of or intended. What’s the best thing that’s happened to you on this trip of yours?
Meeting Gemma.
Did you intend that? No, how could you? But when you set out on the journey you put things in motion that made it happen, or allowed it to happen. Art is a catalytic process, creative work leads the artist to new places and the audience follows the artist.
You sound like that Professor you told me about.
Yeah, I suppose I do. 
Some times you can find really exquisite things, like a perfect seahorse skeleton, I found a lump of ambergris on Lamu.
What’s that?
Beachcombers’ gold. Sperm whale vomit would you believe, used to be worth 20 bucks a gram, they used it in perfume.
What’s it look like?
Streaky gray waxy stuff. Very strong alcohol kind of smell.
Did you make much money from it?
About as much as Abdul ripped me off for. Taught me not to worry about money, it comes and goes, just like the tide.
Can you find any in Australia?
I’ve heard of it, someone found some in South Australia a while ago. It’s only worth half as much now though, they’ve replaced it with a chemical. See if you can find a nice piece of driftwood to put on the oar sculpture. Look at this one, beautifully smoothed and bleached. To most people it’s a bit of wood but to me there’s a whole wonderful story that made it and is locked within it. What sort of tree in what country did it come from? Did monkeys swing by their tails from it? Did children climb it? Did lovers kiss beneath it? What dogs lifted their leg on it? How long has it been at sea? What oceans has it travelled? What storms has it been through? Find one you like and we'll take it back.

They stand in the little yard and looked at the totem and the swirl of driftwood around it.
I bring a stick back every day for this.
So this is like a diary, a record.
Kind of, do you want to place them or throw them and see what happens?
What do you usually do?
Doesn’t matter. What do you feel like doing?
I feel like chucking it.
Fine.
Both throw their sticks and they land with a clatter, elbowing their way into the pattern. A slightly new dynamic is created, the wooden waves slightly livelier, the change vibrating through the whole.
Cool.
Gemma appears from the back door.
Hi guys, want some lunch?

****

Gemma has olives and cheese and bread and wine. They eat and drink on the front verandah as sailing boats tack and jibe across the bay. Michael telling stories of Greek Islands and getting drunk on retsina with Leonard Cohen.
I walked into the village square and there was a guy sitting there with a guitar playing a Leonard Cohen song and he looks up and it is Leonard Cohen!
After lunch Gemma takes Danny to a tiny beach on the bay. The tide is high, they wade around a point to it. They are alone, spreading their towels under a great Norfolk Island palm. 
Do my back for me? 
She kneels in front of him, sitting on her heels. Undoes her bikini top letting the straps slip off her shoulders and down her arms. Her back curves sweetly like a song, her hips sweep soft and round. Twirls her hair over her shoulder glinting with gold as it silks through the air. 
He touches her honeygold skin softly, reverently. The warm breeze blushes over her, she feels his cheek glide up the curve of her neck. Her skin trills as he kisses behind her ear, smells her hair, kisses her neck. She sighs. Long, slowcaresses sweep down from her shoulders, trace the dip of her back, encircle the curves of her hips. Heart sings. She sways to his touch. His hands to slip smoothly over her hint of a belly. She takes them and presses them into her breasts. He feels her lusciousness, hears her soft panting.
Lie down. 
She turns around and pushes him down on his back. She leans over him on all fours. Bosom swaying, he sucks her puffy nipples.
Close your eyes. What can you see?
I see red.
Keep them closed. 
He feels her kiss his nipples and his cock strains hard. Her hand runs down his stomach feeling his taut muscles, fingers teasing lower and lower, teasing further under the top of his shorts until she touches his strictured prick to flick it free. It goes off filling his shorts with warm cum. She laughs. They laugh together.
Let’s get in the water!
Takes his hand and runs down the sand and into to the bay, falling over together then swimming to deeper water where she wraps her legs around him tight and kisses him hard and deep rubbing her cunt against his cock. Frantically. Clutching him violently as she comes. She pulls him deep inside her. Exhilarated. Exhausted.
Danny holds her bum gently as she clings to him limply and the blue water washes over them.
Let’s go on that trip together.
Did you ask your Dad about the wagon?
Yeah, it’s cool and he’ll take care of your bike.
When do you want to go? 
Now.
We’ll need some supplies.
We own a shop.

****

Three hours later Gemma slams the screen door. dancing across the back porch, her summer dress waving in the breeze. “Only the Lonely” plays from the juke box in the shop. Three men who love her watch and smile as she runs down to them at the bottom of the yard. She hugs and kisses Mick and her father then hops into the front of the wagon with Dan and waves goodbye. 
What’s with the song, bit morbid isn’t it?
God you’re thick.
She puts on “Born to Run” and they laugh as they roll down the windows to let the wind blow back their hair. They are heading up the highway in a Falcon station wagon, with a full tank of petrol and a mattress in the back. 
How far do you want to go before we look for somewhere to spend the night?
Not far, I know a place.
Down the road a piece they turn down an unmarked side road. Not far and they are driving through bush bared and blackened by fire. It has a brutal beauty and a sense of danger. The power of the fire is still present but tufts of vivid green sprout almost comically from unlikely places.
Turn again here.
Slowly down a corrugated fire trail until Gemma says to stop. Scattered through the blackened tree trunks, are hundreds of sturdy green stalks holding up vivid red waratahs like flaming medieval torches.
The bushfire brings them to life.
I dreamt about a bushfire last night.
I dreamt about you last night.
What did you dream?
About you and me, under an angophora tree, your lips tasting of honey.
Did we fly?
When we kissed we flew through the sky like birds.
They kiss, and with their eyes closed they rise up into the sky again. 
Like that?
Mmmm.
Back to the road following it down to a perfect little beach. Untouched by fire the headlands and surrounds are lush and green. At one end, a creek sparkles down a gully and carves a little valley through the pure white sand to meet the sea. They park under a big old banksia and get out to look around. There are no other people.
How good is this?
It feels like it’s all ours.
Come on, I want you, naked, now.
They climb into the back of the Falcon as the shadows lengthen and the sound of the surf rises and falls in its constant comforting rhythm. They lie naked together and smile. 
I like you so much better when you’re naked.
Lips brush cheeks touch lips suck tongues tingling heaven scent sex neck sweet tits glisten glide firmsoft succulent curves hips sighs cock rise together press pant together lick vulva slip stroke slit riding together saliva myrrh and musk and hair hauled through air her hand guides him there gliding into her crimson joy a thousand times told lovelier 
Oh my god
You’re my god.
They love, then swim naked with the night, floating, fingers touching, rising and falling on the gentle swell looking up at the infinite star jewelled sky.
Do not need to sleep to dream. Together they traverse the far flung stars and drink the milk of paradise.

****

The dappled dawn rises over the little beach and glows the wagon windows.
Gemma stares at Danny’s face sleeping on the pillow beside her. Touches his rumpled hair and his eyes open, holds hers in his gaze and they exchange silent vows.
She sings to him

I love you in the morning
Your face so fresh and free
Your hair loosely tangled
Brushing close to me

A new day is dawning 
And you’re lying by my side
You touch me so gently 
And you wake me with your smile

And every day I’m falling 
Much more in love with you
But all that I can say is that
I’m in love with you

All that I can say is that 
I’m in love with you

Droplets trickle crooked tracks down the windows silvered by breath and dew. Sun shines stonger. Surf surging and sighing.
Waking into another dream. Two lovers in a shimmering bower.
Then rapping at the window.
Shit
What the fuck?
Wake up! Ranger!
Danny winds down the window a crack and sees a uniform.
No camping allowed here. You’ll have to go. Now.
Can’t we stay now we’re here and leave before tonight?
No. You’ve broken regulations so you have to go. Unless you want a $300 fine. I’m doing you a favour just moving you on.
Yeah OK.
I’ll give you 5 minutes
Danny winds up the window.
What bullshit!
Who cares? We were going to move on this morning anyway.
No, it’s bullshit. No one gets hassled here, it’s like a locals’ only beach, that’s why there’s no sign. Only locals come here and we do what we want.
Hey, it doesn’t matter. Let’s just get going and forget about this prick.
Yeah but it’s weird, I tell you. 
They pull on some clothes and while Danny gets out to wipe the dew off the windows Gemma clambers into the front. The ranger leans against his 4 Wheel Drive.
I’ll follow you out.
Whatever.
He follows them up the road until they pass through a gate. Gemma watches him in the rear view mirror.
What the? He’s locking the gate.
That’s weird.
Told you. Pull into the fire trail again when we come to it.
OK. Why?
Something’s going on. I just want to suss it out for a bit.
What are you expecting?
Dunno, but whatever it is it’ll have to come down this road. He wanted us out fast.
Forty minutes and a black limo whispers down the road, followed by another, then another and another.
You were right. It’s a fucking convoy. 
Keep going down the firetrail as far as you can. There’s a track down to the beach through the bush.

From behind the scrub at one end of the beach they scope a group of suits. One leading, pointing and gesticulating like a guy on an infomercial. Some pacing out measurements, others are writing notes. 
See that guy in the front? He’s the local member.
Looks like he’s selling the place.
Sure does, and it’s a National Park.
Who are you ringing?
Mick … Hey Micky … yeah fine, look we’re at Secret Beach and I swear to god that weazel Bob Taggard is down here with a bunch of developers measuring up the place … No, they got some ranger to kick us out but we doubled back … No … Dan has your phone got a camera?
Yeah.
Dan’s got one … OK … No I won’t … OK, I promise. Danny, he wants to talk to you.
No worries … yeah under the distributer cap … yeah I’ve got you … OK I’ll see you then.
What’s the plan?
He wants us to get pictures then block the road with our car and wait for him, and he said to make sure you don’t get into a fight with them, he wants us to act dumb, like we’re broken down and stall them as long as we can.
Yeah all right, got your phone?

A couple of dozen photos and a few minutes of video later they scurry back to the wagon. Drive it back to the road and find a place with plenty of trees on both sides. Turn side on to block the road then Danny lifts the bonnet, removes the rotor and puts it in his pocket. 

In an hour or so the convoy of black limos slides to a halt just short of the white Falcon. The driver of the leading car steps out in his black capped livery. Gemma disarms him with her smile.
Oh hi, I hope you can help us. We came down the wrong road and we were just turning around and it stalled and now it just won’t start.
Well let’s see what we can do. Can you get in and try to start it?
I haven’t got the keys.
Where are they?
My boyfriend‘s got them.
And where’s he?
He’s gone up the road to get a signal to call road service.
He’d better not be too long, I’ll have a look under the hood anyway.
Do you think you can fix it? I don’t know a thing about cars.
She bends over the engine with him. Standing on tip toes cocking one leg. Three or four more men leave the cars all offering expertise and chatting up Gemma.
What happens when you try to start it?
She hasn’t got the keys.
How’d she get here? 
If I was your boyfriend I wouldn’t be leaving you alone out here.
I’ll take you anywhere you want to go, in style baby.
Radiator’s OK.
What about the battery?
You live ‘round here love?
What’s your name darlin?
Hey! The Minister wants to know what the fuck’s going on!
They girl’s broken down mate.
Well we can’t wait here all day, push it out of the fucking way!
Oh wait, here comes my boyfriend, he’s got the keys.
We haven’t got the time. Come on you blokes, get it off the road!
Not with my back mate, I’m not pushing it.
Well I’ll do it myself.
More of the suits arrive to see what’s happening. One speaks in a French accent. The others defer to him.
What seems to be the problem?
Our car broke down and these men are all kindly trying to help but my boyfriend’s just coming back now. He was phoning road service.
We’re just going to push it out of the way now Sir.
Oh I’m sure we can do more for the young lady than just push her out of the way.
Yes Sir, but the Minister is most concerned that you and your party are not delayed or inconvenienced.
It is never an inconvenience to render assistance to a beautiful young lady.
Here he is!
I’ve called road service, they’ll be here soon.
Can you try to start it please?
Oh sure. Damn, which pocket did I put them in? … There we go … Nup, still nothing.
Have you checked the battery?
It’s fine.
And you didn’t overheat?
Don’t think so.
Well you’d know if you did. There’d be steam coming from the engine.
Nah, didn’t see any steam, did you Gemma?
There’s water in the radiator.
Hey, What the Hell’s going on?
Not a problem Minister, simply assisting these young people.
Why don’t we push them out of the way? 
I suggested that Sir.
Oh look! This must be road service coming now.
A white 4 wheel drive comes down the road and pulls up beside the wagon. Mick hops out with a cameraman and a sound recordist.
Minister is it true you are planning to allow development in this National park? Are you selling out to developers?
The suits are stunned. The Minister horrified, turns and flees into the bush. The cameraman follows him dragging the recordist along behind. The suits scatter back to their black cars and hide behind their black windows and locked doors. All but one.
Get this piece of shit off the road or so much crap will hit the fan that you’ll be buried so deep under it you’ll never know what fucking hit you.
We’ve got everything we need mate and there’s more press on the way.
The suit inhales slowly increasing in size as he glares menace at Mick. The cameraman emerges from the bushes. The lone suit, outnumbered, turns and walks away punching numbers into his mobile.
OK let’s get out of here. Put the rotor back in Dan, I’ll drive.
They turn right at the main road, the convoy turns left.

Oh my God, that was awesome!
Yeah, nice work you two. 
Where to now?
I’ll take you to where we’ll upload the photos and get you a new vehicle.
What for?
They’ll be after this one.
Who?
You just stuffed the Government, they’ll get the cops out, that big bastard at the end wasn’t kidding. Probably Special Branch.
What can they do?
Anything they like. They almost got me once, back in the old days.
What happened?
They pulled me up, searched the car and claimed to find some dope. Got off, but it’s easier to stay out of their way.
How did you get off?
A good barrister who worked for the movement and I got acquitted. He made mincemeat of the cops.
What was the hole?
Seeing it was all bullshit anyway they were pretty vague when he pressed them on where they actually found the dope. He got one of them to say they found dope in the ashtray. Then he pressed him on which ashtray, front seat or back seat. The cop said front seat and he kept at him, “Where in the front seat? In the doors? In the dashboard?” The cop said dashboard and the barrister kept going, “Where in the dashboard? Passenger side? Driver’s side? In the middle?” When the cop said “In the middle.” I passed the barrister a note that there wasn’t an ashtray in the middle of the dash and he went to town with it. He got the cop to repeat about five times that he was absolutely sure that he found the evidence in the ashtray in the middle of the dashboard, had it read back by the court reporter then put his fingers in his waistcoat pockets, puffed out his chest and boomed, “For your information officer, there is no ashtray located in the middle of the dashboard in the front seat of my client’s car.”

****

Turning off the bitumen onto a dirt road winding though bush. Not much better than the fire trail in the National Park, corrugated and washed away in places. Driving carefully, keeping the wheels on the best track, easing through ditches. Occasionally pass an old milk can mailbox with RMB and a number painted on it as they climb around the hills through the tall trees. Before long descend into a little green valley. A willow bordered river winds through it and the flats, lined with old timber fences, are dotted with dairy cows. Ramshackle slab sheds and a homestead or two. 
The wagon rattles across old timber bridges and slows down to ford a creek before they turn into a gully leading off to the left. Stopped at a gate, Danny unbuckles his seat belt to hop out and open it.
Don't worry about that, watch this.
On the driver's side is a strange assemblage of bicycle rims and chains, wires, springs, pulleys, ropes and strings. Mike pulls on a rope and the wheels turn, cogs clatter, a rusty old flat iron weight rises and the gate opens. It is such a comical contraption they all laugh as they drive through. Gemma and Danny watch through the back window as the wheels keep spinning, the weight descends and the gate closes behind them.
So who lives here, Heath Robinson? 
No, an equally wonderful woman named Maggie.
Yeah well I ain't going to working on her farm.
The gully widens after the gate and the paddocks they pass as they drive up the little valley look like market gardens, carefully tended, growing a variety of crops, many running to seed magnificently. At the end of the valley is a row of glass houses and some sheds filled with a jumble of tractors, trucks and tools. Mick parks the wagon and they walk past the sheds, following a track beside a creek, leading through a rainforest. 
Walking slowly, falling under the trance of the plants, stepping carefully. The creek giggles and splashes over stones and the air smells sweet and clean. 
The track begins to climb and the rainforest thins. Ghost gums stretch towards the sky and looking up, they see at the top of the hill a great overhanging rock, the cavern below it enclosed by glass. Stone steps lead up to an entrance at one side where they are met exuberantly by Maggie. She is slim and tanned with strong plain hands. Long blonde hair, straight fringed like a sixties surfie. In jeans and a singlet she greets them like family, hugging them all. Kisses Gemma and Danny on both cheeks but Mick in the lips, and holds his hand as they enter.
Michael, Michael, how wonderful to see you! And this is our new generation of activists I see. Come in, come in.
Gamelan music bells through the great open space. The rear “wall” and “ceiling” are raw stone. The view through the glass front wall is astonishing. Over the treetops and ridges, straight up this little valley, out over the main valley and beyond, over laurel green hilltops and out to purple hazy ranges on the horizon. The furniture is sleek and modern. Asian artworks adorn benchtops and shelves, a big brush and ink drawing of their hostess stands on an easel.
This is Danny and Gemma, very good friends of mine and the heroes of the day.
So it all went well?
You couldn’t have scripted it better, the Minister tried to bolt and we got it all on tape!
Wonderful, and you want me to upload it? 
The camera crew have got that but we’ve got pictures and a bit of video from down at the beach on Dan’s phone.
No problem. Now can I give you a drink? I’ve made some fresh lemonade. Oh would you like a beer or some wine?
Lemonade’s fine, we’ve got to drive on.
Of course, you’re borrowing the combi.
Yeah, thanks a lot for loaning it to us.
No problem, it’s just sitting in the shed most of the time these days, runs fine though, third engine mind you, took us on some wonderful trips over the years.
Awesome place.
Thank you, Michael designed it for me. I asked for a house and he gave me a cave.
Drainage still seems to be OK.
Perfect. Where’s this phone, I’ll do it straight away. OK, now who do you want me to send these photos to? 
The usual suspects, all the papers, TV stations and news agencies.
Won’t take long, oh, these are wonderful! Nothing like a bit of direct action, just like the old days. You’ll stay for lunch?
What did you do in the old days?
Michael and I were at Uni together, he was a “fire breathing Catholic C.O.” weren’t you? We fought the war, lived with a bunch of Architecture students in an experimental house made out of empty beer bottles, went on strike for women’s rights, fought for the Franklin, went overland to London. We were going to change the world.
Do you think you did?
Yeah, we did.
But there’s still so much shit going down.
When you’re young you think change can be a “fait accompli”, you make these changes and then there’ll be Utopia, but it can’t be like that. Change is dynamic, it’s a continuing process. You fight the good fight and keep fighting it.
Don’t you like, get discouraged if there’s no end?
Nah, that’s life. There’s no end to the seasons, no end to the weather, no end to the tides. Change can’t end. Life is change. Stasis is death. Playing your part in the great dialectic, the great conflicts of the age is to be alive, it’s thrilling. Didn’t you get a thrill this morning? I can’t wait to hear all about it. 
What’s your part now Maggie?
This little piece of dirt is part of the battle against the multinational agriculture corporations. I grow seeds for organic farmers and seed banks, all organic, never been a chemical on this land ever. I grow rare and unusual varieties to keep genetic diversity alive.
Maggie’s a leader of the antiGM movement. 
Well the way GM is being operated by the multinationals. There’s nothing wrong with breeding new varieties. But what the multinationals are doing is reducing diversity and that’s just wrong, and they’re not developing crops that are pest resistant to reduce chemical use, they’ve developed crops that are chemical resistant so they can sell more pesticides. They sell the seed and the chemicals and the farmers have to sign incredibly harsh contracts or they don’t get seed. So I just do my best to provide an alternative. 
But can you ever beat them?
I win just by being here. Look out there, how many different types of trees are there? How many different birds, bugs, worms, mosses, moulds, flowers, grasses fishes and weeds are there? Life is ever changing variety and renewal and I help keep that happening. The multinationals want to restrict the gene pool to their proprietary seeds, just by being here, doing this I help keep the gene pool alive and growing.
Like Noah’s Ark?
Except for plants.

At lunch all laugh happily at Gemma’s recounting of how she played them for suckers with the broken down car. 
You learn a few tricks as a waitress!
Maggie takes them on a tour of the farm. Shows them things they’ve never seen. Blue corn, red corn, cornstalks ten metres tall, black tomatoes, white tomatoes, strange shaped melons and rampant huge leafed vines of purple pumpkins. Herbs and berries and potatoes, peas and beans. Of wonderous shapes and colours and sizes.
Why so much corn?
Corn, wheat and rice feed the world.
At the far end of the farm, near the road, she waves to an old man sitting outside a shed in the paddock on the other side. He waves back, stands up and walks towards a single cow grazing in the field. An old Holden ute is parked by the shed. 
That’s old Cecil, he doesn’t know it, but he’s the real counterbalance to the multinationals. He was a coal miner all his life but all he wanted was to own a farm. When the mine closed down he bought that paddock, built the shed and bought a cow. Every day he drives out here from Cessington and looks after his cow. That’s his farm. One paddock and one cow and he’s as happy as any man can ever be. The multinationals plunder the land and fight to get bigger, Cec loves the land and has all he needs.
Later Maggie shows them over the noble old combi and gives them the keys. 
Flash your lights at other combis, though you don't see as many these days. Follow the road up the valley and you’ll eventually end up back on the coast.
I’ll ring Bob and let him know I’m bringing the wagon back.
Let the wind blow you where you need to go.
Don’t forget to find somewhere to watch the news on TV tonight, should be good.
Cheers, thanks, bye bye.
Maggie and Mike wave as they head off.
Did you get the idea there’s something between those two?
It’ll be interesting to see how long it takes before Dad gets the wagon back.

****

Trundling along the dirt road, wave at farmers in the fields they pass and the farmers wave back. Cows stand still in the shade of gum trees and horses calmly graze. Some fields are scattered with hay bales, some boast crops of melons. Old timber stockyards ramp up to the road and avenues of old trees lead up to homesteads with verandahs all around. On cue, at a crossroad, a pub comes into view. Two stories with a wrought iron lace balcony and a collection of utes out front. The surly looks of the locals soften when Gemma smiles. There is a television above the bar and soon they are watching the news.

Our lead story tonight, the Minister for Lands runs for cover when confronted by a news crew over development plans for a National Park.
Video of the Minister running into the bush plays. 
In another major embarrassment for the State Government, the Minister has issued a statement that he was “caught short” and went into the bush to “relieve himself”. His explanation for why he was in the Kalula National Park with a convoy of executives from French resort operator Club Capri is that he was merely showing foreign visitors, some of the State's natural treasures.
Video of the Minister running into the bush plays again.
But this station has obtained exclusive stills and video footage of the visit to the park which appear to show something different. We will run these images and let you be the judge. 
Dan’s video and pictures from the beach play.
Vote on our exclusive phone poll by ringing the numbers at the bottom of the screen to vote on “Is this a sightseeing tour? Yes or No”.
Everyone at the bar laughs when they see the photos and video Dan had taken. Gemma gives him a high five. The TV cuts back to the newsreader who is doing a professional job of containing his own mirth.
And our News Director has just informed me that we will be running a supplementary poll tonight. We will run the footage of the Minister running into the bushes one more time, and if you’d like to vote on this clip, text either “wee wee” or “chicken” to the numbers on your screen now. So text “wee wee” if you think it’s a call of nature, or “chicken” if you think he’s running away. 
Video of the Minister running into the bush plays a third time.
We’ll be back right after the break with more.

Driving on, it's dark before they pull up at a beachfront and climb into the bed behind. They fall asleep in each others’ arms, their dreams intertwining. 

she stands 
on a road at night
watching the approach
of a single bright light
a black bike stops
 “where are you going?”
 “with you.”

riding over the ocean
carving
fishtailing
jumping waves
high in the air
the bike falls away beneath him
he rides the air

she dreams of him 
in black armour
on a black horse
gold arms emblazoned 
on his chest

he dreams of her 
with flowers in her hair
singing “tangled up in  blue”

she dreams of dancing
down a rain soaked street
a saxophone playing
“stormy weather”

he rides his bike 
fast through the night
she holds him tight

****

Danny wakes first, leans on his elbow and watches Gemma sleeping. Tries to memorise the tranquil smile on her gentle lips, long lashes on her gently closed eyelids, hints of freckles on her nose and cheekbones, her fine fingertips resting on the pillow.  He wants to have this moment forever. He is about to get a pencil to draw her when her eyelashes flutter tentatively, she looks to him softly and smiles. He leans over, they kiss. 
Where are we?
Somewhere on the North Coast.
What's for breakfast?
What do you feel like?
Mmm, ice cream.
For breakfast?
Why not?
Sure, what flavour?
Madagascan vanilla.
Madagascan?
Yeah.
You want me to go to a shop in Woop Woop and ask for Madagascan vanilla ice cream?
Wouldn't you do that for me?
Sure, I'm just glad you didn't want bacon and egg flavour.
Dan pulls on his jeans, hops out of the van, heads off to the shop. Seven little fishing trawlers bob at their moorings in the bay. There is a general store, a fish and chip shop and a caravan park.
Hey Danny!
Yeah?
All vanilla comes from Madagscar.
I'll get you for that!

The general store has everything. A post office, bank agent, real estate, souvenir shop, pharmacy, bottle shop, fruit shop, grocer, hardware store. Sells fishing tackle, bait, car parts, medicine, cosmetics, clothes, swimming togs, towels, sun screen, insect repellents, beer and wine, cameras, film, batteries, camping gear, canned food, not very fresh vegetables, hammers, nails, knives, crockery, cutlery, magazines, books, yesterday’s newspapers, postcards, toys, vases, plastic flowers, cricket bats, footballs, beach balls, tennis balls, shuttlecocks and golf balls, dart sets, Elvis posters, lollies, milk shakes, ice creams and drinks, takes dry cleaning, hires videos, repairs watches and TVs and hires canoes. Larger items like cranes, bridges and aeroplanes are probably out the back. Danny buys two ice cream cones with big scoops of creamy vanilla ice cream.

Danny slides open the door of the van. Gemma is sitting on the bed naked.
So, what are you going to do?
I've got a few ideas.
Do they involve taking your jeans off?
Never know your luck in a big city.
Gemma licks the ice cream cone like a dick. Danny kneels beside her and swirls his soft cone over her nipple. She squeals falling back onto the pillows. He presses it into the other nipple while he sucks the cream off the first. She squeals and laughs and kicks as Dan keeps sucking her tits.
Oh God …Oh God! … Stop it! Stop!
So, that Madagascan vanilla's good hey?
Just let me finish my ice cream.
OK.
Be good.
OK.
I mean it.
Yep. I'll just eat my ice cream too.
The normal way, put it in your mouth.
As the Archbishop said to the actress.
Like this.
OK.
Danny licks his ice cream.
That's good.
He bites off a mouthful and dives between her legs, licking her labia open, ladelling the creamy coldness into her cunt with his tongue.
That's bad, Oh Christ! Oh Christ! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! …Just take your pants off and fuck me!

****

Swimming together in the bay, playing in the honeysweet warm water like sea otters until the skin on their fingers crinkles, then lie together on the sand as the sun presses down and dries them quickly crisp and salty. Walk up to the fish shop for hot chips. Eat them on the beach watching the seagulls squabbling over the chips they throw.  

A flat top truck rumbles to a halt outside the general store. Two old couches and three tattered arm chairs bolted on the back. A band of  ZZ Top bearded men gathers, settling themselves in on the back of the truck, drinking longnecks, the cricket playing on the truck’s radio. A few rowdy beers later they call Dan and Gemma to join them, Gemma obviously the main attraction. They are the fishermen from the trawlers drinking and joking and arguing about the game. Lockjaw Louie, Bushie Bill, Rotten Ron, Rowdy, Dirty Mac and Captain Jack. The commentators drone, the crowd hums, buzzes and roars, rolling, rising and falling like the sound of the swell washing in against the shore. Gemma holds sway with her knowledge of past scores and averages of batsmen and bowlers. Ribaldry turns to a kind of chivalrous respect. Danny chats with Captain Jack.
Don’t mind all the attention yer girlfriend’s gettin?
Nah, she’s got them eating out of her hand.
Been together long?
Couple of days.
Captain Jack laughs.
Together a coupla days an yer up the coast in a combi.
What's up with that? 
Nothin mate. She's a beaut, an she's got a look in her eye that she's not afraid of nothin.
He looks into Danny's eyes, as if this had been a question and he was looking for an answer. Dan doesn't know the answer so he changes the subject.
One of these boats yours?
Yeah, that white one’s mine. 
What’s the fishing like?
Oh there’s hardly a livin in it any more. Overfishin by the bloody driftnetters. Big ships after big profits, rippin the guts outa the fishery. Probly never recover.
But you still go out?
Yeah, I just have to. It's part of me, sometimes I don’t even set a net though. 
Do you feel like that part of you is dying?
It's not just a part of me mate. Everythin comes from the sea. You look it up. Evolution. All life comes from the sea. So what’ll happen if we kill it eh? We're killin ourselves an everythin else as well.

The party breaks up at stumps. The men begin to take their boats out to fish the dark sea at night. Dusk creeping in softly, a big battered outboard ferries the men and gear out to their trawlers. There is shouting and laughing and clambering about and in their own good time, each chugs out festooned with bright white worklights and their navigation red and greens.
Captain Jack's  trawler, the Talisman, is the largest and he is last to leave. Their leader, but doesn’t like anyone following him. Fishes alone, sets course by the stars. Can sense where fish are and can smell a change in the weather. He lives to be at sea, is of it, as much as the fish, the seaweed, the driftwood and the tides. Out on the ocean he cuts his engine and drifts on the current listening to the glistening water and watching the stars in the dark sky above. Like a viking crossing the North Atlantic, an Arabian mariner riding the monsoon to India, a polynesian exploring the Pacific on an outrigger, has mariners skills now long forgotten. Finds people lost at sea where officials say they cannot be. And always sings “Suzanne” as they chug back into port. He hopes the sea will free him. 
Doesn’t set his nets this night. Senses something on the swell.  Stands at the bow and listens to the darkness. Stalks the decks peering at the water slapping at the hull. Feels the way the boat rolls on the swell, watching the moonlight playing on surface of the sea.
Radios the other trawlers to take extra care, doesn't know what, but something strange is in the air. 
Stands watch all night and follows the little fleet home as a bloodred sun congeals, creeping over the horizon. One by one they totter around the headland, unload their catch at the wharf and splutter off to tie up at their moorings in the bay.

Gemma wakes. Dan has already made tea and a nice flathead sizzles on the griddle.
What do you feel like doing today?
Let’s stay here, and read books on the beach.
Didn’t bring any books.
I saw some in the general store.
Probably crap.
You never know. I think that shop has everything in the world.
Hands her a mug of tea.
Let’s drink it sitting on the dock of the bay.
Good name for a song.
Walk across the sand and along the jetty. Sit feet dangling over the edge and watch the green water slap against the the wooden piers. Schools of tiny grey fish flit in and out of shadows. Wave to the boys still pottering on their boats. In a few minutes Jack clangs up in a tin dingy.
How was it?
Strange, somethin was brewin but nothin came. Must’ve been a long ways off.
What do you think it was, a storm?
Not a normal storm, felt different.
How do you mean?
Never felt nothing like it before. I feel the sea with every cell in me body, every sense. Last night it looked different, the surface shivered, there was a strange smell in the wind, the swell was … off its rhythm an it didn’t sound right.
Have you always been able to sense stuff like that?
Nah, leaned it. In Nam.
Yeah?
In the jungle. At night. Listenin an watchin. Didn't have none of these infared goggles or nothin. Just yer own senses workin overtime to stop the VC ambushin ya. There’s an awful lot we don’t see cause we don’t know what to look for. Got any more of that tea?
Sure, I'll get you some.
Dan walks back to the van. 
Tell me more about Viet Nam.
What ya wanna know?
What it was like?
Ya know the sayin, "When I die I'll go to Heaven cause I spent me time in Hell."
Was it the worst thing you've  ever been through?
Nup.
What was?
Never talk about it..
I’m old enough.
Maybe, but there are things best not said. Strange things words, sometimes they mean fuck all an sometimes they can rip the world apart.
What's worse than being told you’re dying?
Wantin to be dead.
That bad?
Yeah.
Something you did?
Nup. Somethin I didn't do, an whenever I think about it, I'm ashamed.
Gemma's mobile rings.
Hey Micky!
OK.
Why?
When was this?
Oh my god! That's terrible!
I swear to God we're with this guy who knew something happened last night.
No, he just knew, like he sensed it.
He’s a fisherman, he was out last night on his boat and he came back this morning and he said something bad had  happened.
Yeah. OK.
Really? Oh thanks.
He’ll be back in a second.
OK.
You take care. All our love.
What's happened?
This huge tsunami hit New Guinea last night. 
I've been on the radio all night and there's been nothin.
Micky's always the first to know, he goes in with the first relief teams. 
Is he Army?
No, UN, he builds emergency shelters out of whatever he can find. 
Must be a good man.
Supposed to be the best at what he does. But it takes a lot out of him. He comes back to Australia and lives like a hermit to recover.
I can understand that.
Danny comes back with a mug of tea.
Here you go.
Ta mate.
Oh my god Dan, you won’t believe it. Micky just rang and he’s got to go to New Guinea, there was a tsunami last night. 
You’re not serious! That’s incredible, you were right Jack.
Wish I wasn’t.
Why’s Micky got to go?
Didn’t he tell you what he does?
No, just that he was an architect. 
He gets emergency housing and hospitals and stuff built really fast. 
Awesome.
He said you could stay in his place and mind it when we get back.
That’s nice of him.
He was hoping you’d look after the land.
Will he be away for a while?
Yeah, he’s usually away a few months, sometimes longer. 
Anyway thanks for the tea kids. I'm gunna get a bit of kip. 
Do you have to go? 
Yeah, better. Oh Gemma, wasn’t all bad in the Army I was in the same unit with Doug Walters.
Oh my god, you’ve got to tell me about that! 
Well I can tell ya one good story. First six months this prick of a sergeant made Douggie clean out the dunny cans every mornin. Really pickin on him he was, but Douggie took it. Years later Douggie told me he'd got the bastard back. He was playin in a test at the S.C.G. an they got presented to the Govenor. The same arsehole of a sergeant is the Govenor’s Aide de Camp an Douggie refuses to shake is hand. So the Govenor asks him why he didn’t shake the serg’s hand so Douggie tells him what a fuckwit the serg was. Govenor agrees with Douggie an sacks the prick the next day!  See ya later.
Store's just opened, I'm going to get a book, what else do we need?

A little bell on a spring tinkles as she opens the screen door of the general store, it tinkles again as it bangs shut and a roundfaced, rosy cheeked woman looks up from doing the crossword in the newspaper. 
Hello darl, you're the lass who knows 'er cricket then.
I was up on the truck yesterday, yeah.
Made a big impression. What can I do for ya?
Just bread, butter and a book to read thanks.
You know, having a good look at you, your picture was in the paper yesterday wasn’t it? With that MP doing a runner story wasn’t it?
You’ve got a good eye.
I was nearly a journalist once.
Nearly?
Let’s say I had the shortest career on record.
Why’s that?
Well, I was a cadet on a national daily and it was Christmas Eve. I had to stay on duty while everyone else went out for drinks, just had to do the weather reports as they came in before the paper went to press. All my friends are ringing up and talking me into going to a party so I make up the last weather report an go to this party. Next day, every paper in the world, except mine, has Cyclone Tracey destroying Darwin on the front page. Not only don’t we have the story, our weather freport for Darwin says it’s 34 degrees and sunny! So that was my great career in journalism, also destroyed by Cyclone Tracey. Bread's by the door, books are over near the window and I'll get your butter from the cool room.
Between a stack of brooms and some rolls of carpet are all sorts of books. Colouring books, cook books, sailing books, diet books, Pony Club, Agatha Christie and "A Moveable Feast" by Ernest Hemingway. Scans the blurb and takes it back to the counter.
That’s not a cookbook by the way darl. Still want it?
Yeah, it looks interesting.
Not really any story.
You've read it?
Yeah, helps pass the time. I can't find a price on the book, just make it a fiver for the lot.
There you go. Thank you.
Thanks Darl. Tell us what you think about the book when you finish it.
I will.
Little bell tinkles and the screen door slams again as she leaves the store walking into the brightening day. Kids are jumping off the end of the jetty, laughing and shouting. Sea gulls squabble and squark. Flies buzz.
Get a book?
Yeah, Hemmigway, looks good.
Oh yeah, what is it?
“A Moveable Feast”
I reckon you’ll like that. It’s about when he was young in Paris. I might buy a rod and fish off the beach if you're going to read. This is ready, want some toast?
I'll make it.

****

Captain Jack sleeps badly. The sea’s whispers of tragedy and talking to Gemma has opened the old wound in his soul.

dreams of a voyage 
from lifetimes past
pearl luggers, asian divers
children playing in muddy puddles, 
monsoon beating on the iron roof
of a dockside bar 
rough men with wild voices
smell of rum and stale beer
cards and pasts kept close 
petouli oil seeping
from cheap brothels
stray dogs roaming in packs 
fight over fish heads
in broken glass gutters

in all these dreams
a young girl screams
down an alley
of caged pythons

seagulls squark
over cries from her cabin
ratsbloodspattered walls
bleared by beer and rum
seered by the sun
the smell of salt and fish and diesel and vomit
the taste of pain and shame

sweating in his bunk
the engine pounds mercilessly
the eyeless men
tear at his chest with hot nails
her black belly swelling
and still her screaming

in the sea
in the sea 
she drifts away
screaming
the eyeless men staring

rabid rats chase rancid cats
and she drifts away
laughter sweat swearing

in the quiet water
her hair waves softly
beckoning him 

on the ship’s deck
he hauls in the net
filled with black babies
takes out his fish knife
and slits his own belly
pulls out his guts 
to throw in the sea
then watches them drift away

****

Gemma reads her book on the beach and watches Dan. He stands tall and straight as he arcs the rod back then whips the line whistling out into the bay. Relaxed and skilful, concentrated, beautiful. She walks to his side, his arm around her, they kiss.
How’s fishing?
Good. 
You haven’t caught anything.
Doesn’t matter.
Unless you’re hungry. 
Oh well, there’s always the shop.
You love it don’t you?
The shop?
No, fishing.
Yeah.
Do you want me to talk to you?
That’s the best thing about it. You can talk, drink beer, tell jokes, whatever, and still be fishing.
Like watching cricket.
Yeah.
What did you think about Jack?
That was pretty awesome how he knew about the tsunami, knows a lot about the sea. I wonder if he’d take us out one night.
Don’t you get a kind of sadness too?
Yeah, there’s an “Ancient Mariner” thing about him. 
Here he comes again.
Captain Jack walks along the beach towards them. Barefoot, jeans rolled up, the water laughing at his feet. Catches their gaze, waves and jogs up. 
Any bites?
Nah.
Try off that rock up there when the tide comes in.
OK, I will.
I was wonderin, could ya give us the phone number of yer mate who’s goin to New Guinea?
Sure, I'll put it in your phone for you. Why?
I thought I might take me boat up there. All theirs’d be gone. Might need me. Catch a few fish for em.
Oh yeah, Good on you.
Be good to get outa here.
I thought you were a real fixture.
Oh this place is changin. Won't be any place for me in a few years. None of the kids want to take over the boats. They're all movin away. The houses are bein bought by merchant wankers and advertisin dickheads who knock em down and have competitions to see who can build the biggest fuckin shit box. Then they’ll get rid a the caravan park an turn the general store into a brasserie fuckin bistro café trattoria and they’ll never even know they’ve destroyed what was good about the place.
Captain Jack waves as he walks away, phone to his ear. 
You haven’t told me how you like the Hemmingway yet.
Oh, how much would you love to do that? 
Hang out with old time writers in Paris?
Live in Paris while we're young.
Feel the warm wind in your hair?
Yeah, in a sports car before I'm 37. 
It's winter there now.
Less people. 
Got any dough?
Enough. What about you?
Bit, could sell the bike too. 
Passport?
Yeah. You?
Sure do.
OK!
D'accord!

They make French love in their combi cocoon, plan mad plans then curl together to dream of Paris. They dream of sex.


jungle sex

lush 
vivid
fevered sex

drumming
steaming
livid sex

writhing 
jabbering 
teeming sex

tom tom
voodoo
zombie sex

mating calls
of paradise birds
hang in thickened air

drunken monkeys
suck the juice 
from fermenting fruit

lurid blossoms
ooze sweet songs
luring secret lovers

singing together
harmonies drifting 
softly on the wind

above a misty lake
wild swans
are taking wing

no words 
just notes
like bells or birds 

pure
clean 
crystaline 

quicksilver
quivering
in the sweetcool air

smells 
of musk
and myrrh

gliding together 
in the shimmerblue pool
laughing

at schools of incandescent fish 
that swarm and dart 
in a gleam of light

her shadow 
dancing on the waves
mingles with the night 

all the stars 
are precious jewels 
to adorn her floating hair

ancient bells ring
from the mountains 
of the moon

soft scents
whisper
across a silver sea

like couds 
whisped amidst
an aurora

laughing.

****

Wake to a shimmering green morning. Drops of silver fall from shining leaves, the early sun gleams the blue bay. Slide from the van and stretch their legs. Captain Jack walks up. 
What ya up to today?
We're going to Paris.
In that?
Back to the city first.
How about a cuppa?
Wouldn’t say no.
I’ll get some milk from the shop

Have you told the others you're leaving?
Not yet. Have ya told Dan?
What?
That yer gunna die.
Where’d you get that from?
Ya said as much. An I can see it in yer eyes, I've seen it before.
What can you see?
Fearlessness. Saw it in Nam. Facin death, some people go to pieces, some learn to survive like me, an some, they don’t give shit. They have fire in their eyes an relish every breath they take. That’s the fire in yer eyes.
It's not so bad, everyone's going to die, I just know it’s probably soon.
Shouldn't Danny know, if yer goin away together?
No. Like you said yesterday, it would change everything, utterly, and I don't want it to change. It would hurt him. He loves me. I don't want him grieving for me.
It's the truth.
Stop sounding like my father. OK, I'll tell him the truth. If he asks me if I'm dieing I'll tell him the truth.

****

Wander along the beach then out along the wharf, sitting on the end, dangling their legs over the glimmering green water slapping at the mossy piles. The sea breeze blows against their skin and ruffles in their hair.
She strokes Dan’s hair and kisses his ear.
Why do you think we’re here?
Where?
On earth
Dan laughs.
What's so funny? 
My mum loves telling a story about me when I was four, and she asked me that question.
And?
She reckons, I don't really remember, but she reckons that I thought very hard and  then said "Because  we don't  have  fins and we don't have wings."
Cute!
You can't argue with it.
What do you think now?
Now, I'm Nogood Boyo.
Who's that?
He don’t know who’s up there, and he don’t care. How about you?
I think I'm on earth to love you. I don't know why we're here but seeing we are, we might as well make the most of it.
Do you believe in destiny?
No, just good luck.
But I dreamt I'd meet you.
That's nothing, heaps of guys dream about me.
Shut up!
He gives her a gentle push, she shoves him back so hard he almost falls into the water.
What's this? Trouble in Paradise?
Hi Jack, just a philosophical  discussion.
Still goin' to Paris?
Sure are.
Made a call for yas. Friend a mine's got a riverboat on the Seine, she says yas can stay on it for the Winter.
Oh my god! You're not serious?
Blood oath. Call this number when yas get there. Name's Suzanne.
Thank you so much. I don't know what to say.
Don't have to say nothin. Ya gave me Mick's number and I gave ya Suzanne's.
Gemma jumps up and kisses Captain Jack.
Got yas a couple of goin' away presents.
Jack fishes in his pocket and pulls out a battered brass compass. 
To find the right direction mate.
Then he slips a chunky watch from his wrist, old school with dials and hands, and gives it to Gemma.
So you'll know the right time darlin.
They all hug on the end of the pier with gulls soaring and squawking and the surging sea all around them.

****

The old combi jumbles across the timber bridge then sluices through the bush to the freeway. Different trip now. A destination. In a slipstream, tractor beam to back to Sunshine Beach, Gemma packs then Tom drives them to the city.
Hey mum, this is Gemma, she's my girl.
The tractor beam banks, books, tickets, packs, baggages them and packages them, checks them in and drops them outside their departure gate. Tom and Barb hug them and kiss them and wish the best for them and they walk away hand in hand. Dad and  mum feeling longing, loss and pride and hope, then Danny turns back.
I almost forgot, this is for you.
Gives his mother a crumpled envelope, kisses her again, joins Gemma, they wave again, blow kisses and go. Only through a plastic door, but they are gone.
What did he give you?
His exam results.
How did he go?
Good God, he's brilliant!
Did you need a piece of paper to tell you that?
No, I suppose not.
Can I buy you a coffee?
Of course.
In a bar they find a quiet corner by a window overlooking the runway. Tom gazes out at the planes taxiing and taking off.
Wouldn't it be grand to be in love and taking off on an adventure like them?
To be young again!
I don't know how to say this, or whether I should. Gemma would kill me ... 
About her condition?
You know?
Danny asked me about her medication.
Oh dear, and she hasn't told him.
I think I understand why, so does Dan.
But if something happens to her, he'll have to cope with something no young fellow should have to.
But you did. When you lost your wife. She had the same condition?
Yes, but they didn't know anything about it then. I came home from work one night and she was in bed, she was dead, died in her sleep. They couldn't find anything wrong with her. She was only 23. Gemma was 5. A few years later the doctor said I should have Gemma tested. They'd found out about these heart conditions and it might have been passed on to Gemma. 50/50 chance.
Has she ever had an episode?
Once or twice, not too serious, but we came out here for a new start, better climate, less stress, more time together, hasn't had one in Australia.
You're worried that you're not with her.
There's nothing I can do now. 
Danny knows what to do.

****

Netherworld weirdworld air travel limbo. Stateless, weightless, in captured orbit.  Watching a film about a plane. Gemma writes in her diary.
A week ago I was grilling burgers and cleaning the oil out of the deep fry and now we're flying to Paris. Wow, how did this happen?
I told Dan’s mum that the minute he walked through the door I knew he was walking into my life and she smiled the loveliest smile I've ever seen and kissed me.  I fell in love with her right there, just like I fell in love with Dan. We hugged and it felt like I had a mother again.  Dan said she'd be upset about the trip but she said she wished she was coming too. It's brought them closer, I'm glad.
Dad flirted with her the whole time! Thank God he has to get back to the shop asap. I think it was just a front though. He's worried, I know, so am I. Just before we left I whispered in his ear, "No way, get fucked, fuck off." He laughed. That's the best way to be.
And we’re safe from being hijacked by aliens! At security they took a little boy’s light sabre. His dad said it was a toy and the security guard said It was a replica weapon. His dad said a light sabre was a fantasy weapon so how could you have a replica of something that didn’t actually exist? The guard said he’d been trained to recognise weapons and it was a weapon. People started laughing at him and that made him start to lose it so the mum said to forget it and they'd buy the kid a new one when they got there.

****

Captain Jack carves up the coast. Friends in every port, he called ahead for hand tools and fasteners. On jetties, on docks and wharves they wave him in  with hoots and hugs and laughter and load the boat with hammers and spanners, picks, shovels and nails, chisels and saws, brace and bits, spades, planes, and buckets, axes, adzes, awls, screws, screwdrivers, nuts, bolts, barrows and all the bits and pieces they can find. Fuel up and send him on his way.
Calm seas, the currents and winds are with him. Ties up for the night before the last leg. Dreams, but not about the black girl wailing from the sea.

a moonless night 
adrift on a rotting raft
with a ratty tatty sail
under strange stars
he cannot read
swifting along a strong current 
a squall is the wind
that tosses the raft
rain bulleting 
into his skin

through the din
the sirens sing
does not think
they sing for him

dolphins sleek
through the dark 
outswim the storm
surface with dawn

crowds of livid corpses
are drifting out to sea
and there
in the cold morning air
there
a burning tree
on a boiling sea.

Jack wakes and casts off. Leaving the harbour, a black dolphin draws up and surfs his bow wave.

****

Summer always brings bushfires. Some years conditions conspire to ignite infernos. Long droughts, fierce sun, searing winds explode the eucalypt forests. Fierce fires spread like armies of Armageddon. Around the city forests blaze. Road and rail are cut. Air is thick with ash and acrid smoke, sky smeared brown and black. Horizons glow bloodorange. Bushfire moon burns red. 
Fires encircle the city. Tom can't get back to the shop. Barb insists he stay with her. He insists on cooking for her.
This is so delicious Tom, is this what you serve at the milk bar?
No just hamburgers and fish and chips, but they're pretty bloody good.
The locals must love it.
What they love are Chiko Rolls.
Why don't you open a restaurant?
I used to be a chef but the hours were no good for looking after Gemma. A little milk bar in a sleepy seaside village was just the ticket.
Well you can cook for me anytime.
You'll have to come to my milk bar.
That's a long way to go.
Oh it's pretty quick up the expressway.
I like to take my time.
I prefer the old way too.
More bush.
Beautiful views.
Roadside stalls.
Fresh fruit.
Mango
Paw Paw
Watermelon
Honeydew
Succulent
Tantalising

****

Shanghai connection, crush, corridor, queue, customs, carousel, change money, café, coffee, cake, coffee, chocolate, queue, check in, corridor, queue, xray, belt wallet keys, barrier gate, boarding pass, wait, queue, board, shuffle, shove, squeeze, slam, crush, cramped, drowsy, Frankfurt connection, crush, corridor, queue, corridor, queue, xray, belt wallet keys, barrier gate, boarding pass, wait, queue, board, not long, not far, get ready, emerge from coma, calyx, cacoon, alive, bump, bounce, brakes howl joyously, relief, fumble, overhead locker, queue off, queue, queue, queue.
Happy, exhausted.
Factory lights, streets and towns slip past the train window. 
Find the right funnel for their Metro line. Last leg.

****

Captain Jack motors slowly. Timber, trees, old tyres, cots, ropes, coops rooves, baskets float past. Anything, everything, daily life adrift. The more banal, the more tragic, signifying the scale of destruction. Animals, dogs, chickens, sharkgored carcasses, human bodies too. Jack cuts the engine and listens, longing for a signal of life.

****

Fire rages through the bushland. Stench and smoke choke the suburbs, the night sky glowing under the red moon. Homes and hamlets lost. Roads and highways cut. Sunshine Beach lies in its path. 

****

Tom and Barb watch the news in silence. Hollow eyes of survivors in shock. Cut to firefighters standing firm in front of flaming forests like Davids defying an army of Goliaths, whip pan, running, shouting, noise. Montage of  black, smouldering ruins, rubble of buildings, burned out cars. Cut to aerial shot of the ribbon of gold poised on the ridge above Sunshine Beach.
There's only one road out. If it's cut there'll be nowhere to go.
Thank God you're here then. 
But I know all those people.
Let's hope for rain or a windchange.
Tom watches the news all night. No rain, no wind change. At dawn, worse. A Westerly wind howls in. The fire tumbles down the slopes roaring into life as the crowns of gum trees explode. Walls of flame rear higher than the ridgetop. Houses on the hillside are swallowed and the smoke smothers the sun. Wind whips up embers filling the air to attack the township. Flaming arrows rain down on rooves, decks, lawns and leaves and once the eaves of a house are alight it is gone. The fierce wind fans the fires. The town is a furnace. Engulfed in a cyclone of fire. Those who stayed to save their houses now need to save themselves. Like the fall of Singapore the only way out is by sea.
Flee to the wharf where Dan had fished just days ago. Behind them the din of destruction, around them embers flying, seething as they hit the water. Ferrys take them on board and across the bay, fishing boats and trawlers lend a hand.
Merv, the old digger Dan met, is on the wharf again. Knows everyone and smiles and jokes as he helps to keep them calm and the boarding orderly. Last load shoves off, he stays behind. Waves a trawler over. It draws up near the wharf.
Someone's gotta stay in case there are stragglers. Yer game?
The skipper nods and throws a line. He ties up, they shake hands.
Merv.
Ron, everyone calls me Rotten Ron.
Thanks fer comin Rotten, where yer from?
Up the coast.
They look back at the town. Black smoke billows high into the sky and embers and ashes sail around them. The roaring punctuated by cars and gas tanks exploding. 
Looks bad.
Real bad.
Worth me comin down then.
I reckon.
I'd better keep an eye on those embers landing on me decks.
Yep.
How's ya house?
Gone.
Shit. And ya still calm and lookin out for other people.
I've fought bushfires before, been in a war, spent some time at sea too, seen out some big storms, yer just do yer job the best yer can and try to stay alive. 
Fair enough, save anything? Anywhere to go?
I've got me swag. 
But where are ya gunna go?
I dunno.
Look, I got a mate, he's gone to New Guinea, an he'd have me guts fa garters if I didn't help out an old digger, you can stay in his place.
So where's this?
Dog's Head Bay. 
Fishin' any good?

****

Gemma and Dan heave their packs, climbing out of the underground.
Don't look back.
Is that Dylan or Orpheus?
Both.
Up one last flight and finally, at night, in the rain, into a little street. They look up. Blonde apartments glow gold and the road shines in the streetlights. Fine rain sprinkles the street scene silver.
Oh my God, I had no idea it would look so much like Paris!
Laughing, they trundle around the quiet streets to find their hostel. Dodge tramps sleeping over heating vents. Tired and happy fall into bed, cuddle up and sleep till the morning.

****

Captain Jack scopes the debris with binoculars, amongst the garbage and rotting flowers he can smell a life, through the silent screaming he can sense a heart beating. Tears creep down his cheeks as he peers into the distance. Far off he sees a flash of red, swings the wheel pointing his bow towards it. The dolphin bounds ahead and makes towards it too. As they approach, Jack sees it is an uprooted flame tree. Cutting the engine he manoeuvres slowly in through the debris and the seaweed. The dolphin darts ahead, circles it and races back excitedly. Jack’s heart fills his chest, a tiny figure is clinging to the trunk, waving weakly. It is a child, a girl and Jack saves her, but he knows that the opposite is true. The sea has freed him.

****

Morning comes early in Rue Mouffetard. Garbage trucks growl up the cobbled street before dawn, thumping, motor squealing, banging, clattering, flashinglight leviathans followed by honking, loud idling, door banging, trolley stacking, high revving, gear crashing, backing, beeping, swearing, yahooing delivery trucks. 
The din wakes them together and they share a moment of halfwaking panic, not knowing where they are, then kiss as they gloriously remember they are in Paris!
Paris! She rolls on top and kisses him like girls do in French movies, her hair falling across his face, her fingers holding his cheeks. His cock is hard against her quim and she rubs against it, her cunt craving it, she kneels up and softly, deftly guides his dick home. She squeezes it in a gentle rhythm, quickening then plunging, lunging and pulsing for pleasure which flashes through her body and melts in her brain. Danny sucks great mouthfulls of her breasts as he lurches secreting his come inside her. She cluches his chest with talons as the trucks and cans in the street crash and clang a Kabuki boomcrash climax to their loving. Lying laughing and panting and kissing and squeezing and calming, murmuring "Je t'aime" in each other's ears.
Rue Mouffetard had been a tough place in Hemingway's day. "Stink Street". Still a narrow cobbled street it’s filled with food merchants, cheese, fish, meat, wine, fruit, bread and pastries thrust into the thoroughfare like cornucopia, rich aromas swelling and mingling. Close to the Sorbonne, it has bars and bookshops, a theatre and a cinema. At the top of the hill is Place Contrapasse, ringed by cafés with the ancient alley, Rue Pot de Fer, running off it.
Through the bare branches of the trees the blonde stone buildings reveal their elegance, enormous doors, tiny balconies and slate roofs with attic windows. The sky is blue but the sun is a weakling. Slip into Café Descartes and warm up with coffee sitting at a widow looking down Rue Cardinal Lemoine.
Gemma rings the number Captain Jack had given her. Suzanne answers, tells them to stay at the café, she will meet them there in half an hour.
What did she sound like?
Lovely. Australian, I thought she'd be French
So did I.
Christmas decorations overlay Rugby bricabrac and bunting from World Cups past. Stools at the bar are filled by locals, coffees made as they walk in, no orders necessary. Stone walls half a meter thick, a fat calico cat sits silently on a shelf above a barrel strewn with the day's papers. Customers chatter, crockery clatters and a water jug on the bar holds three fresh roses, red, pink and yellow.
Crocodiles of schoolkids giggle past, rugged up with scarves and mittens and muffs. Delivery vans grunt up, bang their doors and grumble off. Great wooden doors open and give glimpses of apartment courtyards as people hurry in and out of their day. 
Still watching Paris pass by their window, a woman comes to their table. 
Gemma, Danny?
Yes.
Hi, I'm Suzanne. Welcome to Paris. 
Thankyou.
She is tall, taking off a black leather coat and bright red scarf. She wears a black jumper, tight black jeans and red cowboy boots.
So cold! Bit different from the fires at home.
Fires?
Circling the city, haven't you heard?
She turns and picks up a newspaper to show them.
It's in the Herald Tribune
Oh my God! We have to ring home, I have to ring Dad.
Have you got a phone?
Not yet.
Use mine.
Thanks so much, What time is it there?
Ten at night.
Thanks, it's ringing ... Dad! 
Of course I'm OK, how are you?
The fires!
Get out.
Seriously? 
Oh my god!
I'm on someone else's phone so I'll call you tomorrow OK? Just wanted to make sure you were safe. Love you.
Everything OK?
Yeah. The town got burnt out but he was still in the city.
How bad was it?
They had to evacuate by boat, the roads were cut.
What about the shop?
He doesn't know.
I remember when I was your age we almost got burnt out by a bushfire. Came right up to our back fence. All the bush all around us was burnt. The burnt trees were like black totems rising out of a carpet of white ashes. Everyone thought I was weird because I said it looked beautiful.
Were you scared though?
I was terrified. I was everything. We fought it, the whole family, fighting for our house, fighting for our lives. It's primal, fighting a fire, but complex. Confusing. We lived in the bush because we loved nature but it can turn against you with such ferocity. It's the same as battle. It's hot. You watch the smoke in the distance. You wait. It manoeuvres. You make your defences. It advances. You smell it. You hear it and then it attacks. It explodes up the hillside and the heat! It's a red wall of fury beating you back. Howling, screaming, stabbing at you. You think you'll die but you fight, and in the chaos, you learn what life is. You survive and you're left with a stark, stark beauty.
Sorry to go on like this but bushfires at home always brings it back. That was when I first met Captain Jack actually. He was a firey and he was there. God you should have seen him. Legs astride, standing firm, firing his hose against the wall of flames. Oh, I was smitten!
So you got with him?
"Got with", ha ha, I like that phrase, earthy, almost biblical.
You were lovers?
I couldn't  fuck him enough. There just weren't enough hours in the day.
How long did it last?
Still going darling! Still fuck each other's brains out every time we see each other.
Friends with privileges?
Spare me that bullshit, we're lovers, just not the marrying kind. We travelled together for a few years, and then we went in different directions. 
Do you know what it is he can't forgive himself for?
Did he tell you that?
Yeah.
What did he say?
He said there was something he didn't do that he was ashamed of.
I've never known him to say even that much.
But do you know what it is?
I think so. He has nightmares about it all the time and I pieced it together from what he says in his sleep. He was young and working on a pearl lugger. Some of the crew must have brought an aboriginal girl on board, I've heard it happened a lot, they'd kidnap a girl off the street and fuck her all the time their out at sea. I think what happened was the girl was pregnant and when she was too big to fuck anymore they threw her overboard. Jack has nightmares of her screaming as they sailed away and left her to die. He didn't have anything to do with it, but he didn't do anything to stop it. He probably couldn't have done anything but it haunts him.
That's so awful.
Yes it's pure evil. Jack's been trying to deal with it ever since.
So how did you meet him?
We were on a road trip and we ran into him at Dog's Head Bay. 
You were on a roadtrip to Paris?
No, just up the coast.
Going up North?
Yeah.
There's nothing better than hopping in a van and heading up that North Coast. Did you have a van?
Yeah, an old Combi.
Oh! Heaven. How long have you been together?
Um, about a week.
A week? You met, headed up the coast together then decided to come to Paris all in a week?
Pretty much.
How wonderful! No wonder Jack liked you. You're just like we were. What do you want to do while you're here?
Everything.
Fantastic.
What do you do?
Oh, I do various things. I teach and write and argue with people.
What do you teach?
Tuesdays.
Pardon?
I teach various things, on Tuesdays.
Only on Tuesdays?
That's right.
What are you teaching this Tuesday?
I'm not teaching anything this Tuesday, I'm going away, that's why you can have the boat.
Well did you teach last Tuesday?
You're tenacious aren't you? Yes I did and it was a seminar on thresholds.
What, like doorways or limits?
Both really. I'm interested in tipping points, the inflections between something acceptable and something damaging. Like fire. You know most bushfires are deliberately lit. We're all drawn to fire, it's in our genes, but some people cross a threshold into a damaging and deadly fascination. We're innately drawn to children and show them affection but some cross a threshold into sexual abuse. Or is there a threshold at all? Is it an extreme position on a continuum of the same innate response or is it a different response? Chaos maths says there is a tipping point when strange attractors change to different cyclical relationships. You know about Chaos theory? Very important. It means that catastrophic climate change could take place at any moment, not gradually. Hmm. I'm also interested in innate behaviours and how they manifest themselves in modern contexts. Blah blah blah.
No I think it's interesting.
Let's get you down to the boat. You can stay there as long as you like but I'll be away till March. If you leave before that, you can leave the key with the patron here, Marko. I’ll introduce you to him. Do you speak French?  Doesn't matter if you don’t, just say you're Australian, they like Australians. Say "Bonjour, je suis Australien" and they'll speak English to you. Is your gear nearby? Do you want to get it?
They walk through the little square to the hostel and check out. Street bustling, cars and people and shops all compete for the cobblestones of Rue Mouffetard.
The boat's all stocked up but Mouffetard is a great food street. There's a market down the other end on Saturdays. There's Pot de Feu, great street for cheap restaurants, Orwell lived there you know, when he was down and out, and that funny little thing on the corner, it’s a water fountain, from 1620, fed by a Roman aquaduct, incredible hey? 
They walk back past the café and head down the hill on Cardinal Lemoine. Passing a Fire Station, the pompieres all wave and call out to Suzanne.
Still love a firey.
She shows them the entrance to the Metro and the Post Office and shortly they come out at the Seine. Through the bare branches of the trees they see the curve of the nave of Notre Dame, slim buttresses supporting it so tenderly, its beauty like a mirage. Stop and stare. Traffic noise evaporates. Even Suzanne stops talking. She smiles and puts her arm around Gemma.

The boat is mad. A freight barge converted into floating apartment berthed  near the Pont de Sully. On its bow the nameplate reads "Le Talisman". Behind the wheelhouse, the deck looksd like a Howard Arkley Australian backyard with Hill's hoist, chainwire fence, flower boxes and garden gnomes, a barbeque and redwood table and chairs. Below deck, stacks of books, a workbench with a computers and piled with books, A galley with a big bowl of oranges and stacks of books.
Toilet's here, bathroom, pretty much like on a plane. Through to bunks and storage and then through to my bedroom. I put on fresh linen so you're set to go!
We can't thank you enough, it's great.
Would you like a cup of tea?
No thanks, we just had coffee.
Of course. I'm sorry I can't show you around Paris but what's better than discovering it for yourself hey? But let me take you to lunch and I'll kind of show you Paris, OK?
She takes them across the Pont de Sully and through back streets to the Pompidou Centre, explaining she doesn't want to spoil their first trip to Notre Dame by walking past it on the way to somewhere else. "Notre Dame should be its own event". Up the escalators to the restaurant on the roof and they sit at a corner table. A single long stemmed rose in a tall specimen vase is on the table and the City of Light is laid out around them. The grey slate rooves, the domes and spires and, in the distance, high on its hill, misty, magical, effulgent in the slowly lowering sun, the Sacre Coeur.

It's all yours to explore.
What are your favourite places?
At this time of the year, I reckon Rodin's garden. It catches all the winter sun, it's quiet. Sometimes I take a picnic and sit on a bench and read all day. There are some good sculptures in the garden. It was Rodin's home, so it feels real. This place is great but it's an institution, you see fantastic works but it's like walking through a textbook.
What about the Louvre?
Neither of you have been to the Louvre before? It's a great and never ending adventure. You enter through the crystal pyramid and descend into a magic cavern, you choose a passageway and enter a labyrinth of wonders. There are so many paths, so many rooms, so many levels, so many surprises and delights. There are galleries you go to to see, but the Louvre, ... the Louvre you live.
I heard you can run through the Louvre in 9 minutes.
You've seen one of the movies?
Yeah, “The Dreamers”.
Oh yes, Bertolucci, he took it almost frame for frame from Jon Luc Goddard's "Bande à parte". I love it. Fantastic idea. So exciting. So dynamic. So subversive. Says everything. 
But do people really do it?
They might. You certainly couldn't run through the whole Louvre in 9 minutes. The story about the record is just a story. Art Buchwald made it up as a satire on American tourists. He said Americans only wanted to see the Venus de Milo, Winged Victory and the Mona Lisa and get back to shopping as fast as they could. 
Let's do it.
You wouldn't get far these days. There are guards and cameras everywhere. They'd track you in the control room and send security to head you off.
More reason to do it. Fuck all the surveillance. I’m so over it after the trip we just had.
With three of us, one of us might get a fair way.
I'm going to Tokyo tonight.
Then let's do it now. It'll only take 9 minutes.
Unless we get arrested.
Come on. You said it was a fantastic idea.
In the film they run past the "Oath of the Horatii" so we'd better start there.
So you'll do it? 
Although, the Mona Lisa is on the same floor, we could start there, if we get past the "Oath" then "Winged Victory is out that door and "Venus" is down the stairs, we could go for the trifecta.
We're doing it.
Part of the rules are that you have to say something when you pass the Mona Lisa, Peter Stone's supposed to have said "I know the guy who's got the original." Can you top that?
I thought she had a moustache.
That'll do.
Let's go.

****

A BRIEF HISTORY OF THE LEGACY OF ART BUCHWALD

by Suzanne Sérusier, 
ParisSorbonne University

In 1954 the celebrated humorist Art Buchwald wrote a column for the Herald Tribune satirising American tourists in Paris. In it he described an audience of thousands cheering a young student, Peter Stone, as he broke the 6 minute Louvre record for running past the “Mona Lisa”, “Winged Victory of Samothrace” and the “Venus de Milo” because "It's common knowledge the rest of the stuff is all junk". One of the rules of the race was to make a comment on passing the Mona Lisa. Peter Stone is purported to have said, "I know the guy who has the original."
The story was anthologised in 1957, recorded on vinyl with "Sex and the College Boy" (Capitol Records 1964), and reprinted in many subsequent versions including the Prescott Courier (1974), Saturday Evening Post (1984) and Washington Post (1990). Each version changed the detail of the story. Buchwald delighted in such self referential subversion clearly signifying the fictive nature of the discourse. Yet the story is often taken to be factual.
Actor Larry Hagman (I Dream of Jeannie, Dallas), recalls that he met Art Buchwald and Peter Stone in Paris with his mother in the mid fifties and that Peter Stone was the acclaimed Broadway and Hollywood writer, the first writer to win a Tony an Emmy and an Oscar. As none of Peter Stone's biographies mention the 6 minute Louvre, one might question the reliability of Hagman’s memory.
Dan Brown's “The Da Vinci Code" (2003) mistakenly refers to Art Buchwald boasting that he himself had broken the 6 minute Louvre record, perhaps a “coded” symbol that everything else in the book is also spurious.
The most famous appropriation of Buchwald's whimsy is in Jean Luc Goddard's 1964 film "Bande à parte" which features a scene where the three main characters run through the Louvre attempting to break the record of an American they had read about. Goddard's narration quotes the record as 9 minutes 45 seconds held by Jimmy Johnson of San Francisco. Goddard probably invented the name however, it could also be a reference to the Jimmy Johnson who was a famous footballer for the San Francisco '49ers in the 1960's and a renowned sprinter. In the 56 second sequence the actors run past the "Oath of the Horatii” and down the stairs in front of "Winged Victory". 
The Goddard film was in turn, appropriated by Bernardo Bertoluci in his 2003 film "The Dreamers". The story, itself an appropriation of Cocteau's "Les Enfants Terrible" and set against the Paris riots of 1968, includes an almost frame for frame reenactment of the Goddard sequence recontextualising it as an initiation ritual.
In 2006, Installation Artist Mario Garcia Torres made a video entitled "A Brief History of the Legacy of Jimmy Johnson" documenting teenagers running through the National Museum of Art in Mexico in an "exploration of the utilisation of museum spaces". Torres also staged and photographed a series of events including running and cycling through Amsterdam's Stedelijk Museum in May 2007. Torres, whose work was featured at the 52nd Venice Biennale, is at the forefront of a generation of artists using conceptual art to address social and political issues.
While various other acts of running in galleries have been sanctioned and performed as conceptual art, this year's an unsanctioned run through the Louvre by three Australians (including this author) has provoked a world wide response. When Danny O'Brien and Gemma Ringrose ran the Louvre  to challenge the security systems of the gallery as a protest against surveillance in general, they ignited the Left Bank. Students made resistance against the authoritarian security regimes being imposed and tolerated in democratic states their cause célèbre, taking to the corridors of the Louvre as their parents had taken to the streets in 1968. The waves of runners proved unstoppable, manifesting in constantly altering permutations and tactics overwhelming and perplexing security responses. The students were soon joined by a cross section of the wider community and "Les Courses de la Liberté" have become a popular mass movement protesting against the invasion of civil liberties by democratic governments. 
Some runs are planned for a particular time, some are signalled, some are synchronised around the building, some are staggered, some are relays, some are individual, spontaneously gathering corunners as they proceed, some are in formation. Some employ sophisticated strategies of diversions and feints. The runs begin at any time, in any part of the building and can take any form. Because they are anarchic, spontaneous and broadly based control has been impossible. All are joyous and exuberant, infectious and exhilarating. Within days the phenomenon spread to other countries. Citizens are running through the Tate, Metropolitan, Guggenheim, Prada, Hermitage and the Ufisi.
A concept created by one of the 20th Century's funniest authors, attaining virtual realty in film, has become a physical reality and a symbol of freedom in the demand for a halt to the erosion of democratic rights around the “free” world . 
Just as buses and restaurants were the venues for civil disobedience in the American Civil Right movement, galleries have become the venues for these mass demonstrations. 
In the past 800 years as the Louvre evolved from a fortress to a palace and then a museum, it has always been central to the political and cultural discourse in France. Its conversion to a museum in 1793 symbolised the ascent of democracy by throwing the palace open to the people. Thus it is uniquely appropriate that the defence of democracy should begin here, the Freedom Runs bringing the history of the building full circle, commandeering the sanctuary of the greatest creations of human imagination into the fortress of Liberty.
The dynamic of the runners appropriates the building, its history and its contents, enlisting them into their political and aesthetic statement. The weight of the great spiritual quest of humankind represented in the museum is behind the runners. The viewers become the work of art, the works become the viewers, recontextualising the collections and boldly asserting through action, that Liberty is the primary goal of civilisation and all art.
Not since Yoko Ono and John Lennon's "Bed In for Peace" (1969,  Amsterdam and Montreal ) has a conceptual work expressed such important ideas and attracted such world wide attention. Democratic in its intent and practise, it is free for all to participate and free for all to improvise upon. In a concurrence, an alignment, an apposition of time, place and action, the first three runners catalysed, galvanised, and ignited the zeitgeist. The symbols of the 6 minute Louvre have entered the iconography of the counterculture. In airports, railway stations and public places all over the world one stroke changes the exit symbol to the 6 minute runner. 6 has become the symbol of Freedom on T shirts and posters. Celebrities adopt the running pose on red carpets a "finger" and a V has become the two handed, dual symbol for Peace and Freedom.
Politicians who try to dismiss or ignore the symbolism of the runners risk being swept aside by a great popular movement. Ironicly, it is the British Government which has been the most dismissive to date. They of all governments should remember the symbolic significance of the Boston Tea Party and Ghandi's handful of salt. 
The Freedom Runners demand that democratic governments must serve the people not control them, Habeas Corpus must be reinstated, surveillance systems must be dismantled and the rights of free speech, assembly and movement must not be infringed. They are modern Chartists not Luddites or Anarchists. They will prove to be irresistible.
Art Buchwald should be pleased. The joke he kept alive for 50 years lives after him. He remains a thorn in the side of the establishment. 
The power of Art.

---ooo0ooo---

