 The Cripple and 
The King
The Alpha’s Claim: Book 1

Shreya Solaris



Contents






Raleigh: Chapter One

  Sometimes, I wonder if I'm even human.
  That’s not a weird question, is it? I mean, at some point, I guess everyone has an existential crisis about their identity. They begin to question the meaning of life and wonder what their purpose for living is. I’m seventeen, and hell, I’ve been wondering about my purpose of living since I was a baby!  
 I walked begrudgingly to school with a hunch, pausing every now and then to glance at a flower. I kicked the rocks that had been laying in my path onto the road, scowling. The air was thick with humidity, the rain slowly seeping into the cracks of the pavement. 
 “And Lexi asks me why my feet hurt every day,” I grumbled under my breath, adjusting the thin straps of my backpack. I had wanted to go to the Magnet School close by, but it wasn’t close enough to the elementary school, so Lexi didn't let me go. It appalled most, maybe even all of my teachers when I told them that I’d be joining my classmates at dinky Woodbridge High.  I guess they thought that it was obvious that I'd be going to the Magnet.
 Surprise, surprise.
 The sky was an ocean of blue and the clouds resembled thick foam. The sun beamed down on the Earth, burning my scalp. Cars zipped past me on the road like they had more important places to go. Maybe they did. I didn’t care. Kids ran on the street opposite of me, screaming their small lungs out. It began to egg on me, and soon, I felt like marching over to them and screaming my own lungs out, which made me even more aggravated than I already had been.
 For the past few days—or maybe past month, I had been feeling antsy— like something was going to happen to me. It was as if I turned my back for a moment and returned with a knife to my throat.
 My stomach had been tickling a lot lately. And not like—I have to go to the toilet tickling. It was the kind of tickling you got whenever you had a good grade on your essay, or you got asked out on a date. 
 Sure, I got good grades, but I had been so used to them I hardly got a jumpy feeling anymore. As for boys—hah! Forget it! I was a match for nobody.  
  As the towering brick building cast its dark shadow over my approaching frame, I decided that I'd tell Mrs. Cortes about how I had been feeling. She was one of the few people who really listened to me, much more than the counselor or any of my teachers ever did. 
 And they call me a teacher’s pet.
 Mrs. Cortes was the principal of Woodbridge High. She was pretty young, I thought. Nowadays, people are getting married in their thirties, so you really can never tell how old someone is, married or not. 
 She has these dark golden eyes—darker than lightning, that can quickly cloud over if she’s angry, although she’s never had an outburst before. She dyes her hair pretty often, but based off a picture she has on her desk, her natural hair color is dirty blonde, I think. She’s pretty slim, unlike the last principal we had. Also differing from our last principal, Mrs. Cortes is also one of the nicest faculty members of the school. When I didn’t have any friends, she was the one who gave the exchange student, Logan, and me the push to become friends. She was also one out of the three people I could trust, maybe not with my life, but at least with a few of my inner conflicts and existential crisis. 
  Logan is a year older than me, even though she'd be graduating with me this year. I guessed that she got held back a year, but I never asked her. She never said anything about it, so it wasn’t any of my business.
  She has dark black hair, like I do, except she has hers in a short style, like a boy. It reminds me of black licorice and crushed Oreo cookie crumbs. She has this very pale complexion like she’s always wearing thick layers of sunscreen and wears dark clothing, no matter what mood she’s in. I guess she’s into the goth aesthetic? Or maybe she’s a vampire!
 Her boyfriend, Drew, is the complete opposite of her. Shy, reserved, quiet. Drew and Logan have been dating since freshman year, and according to Logan, it was love at first sight.
  I had always been the third wheel to them when they were together, which was fine with me, but that didn't mean it didn't hurt. The painful pang in my chest only seemed to increase when Drew and Logan announced that they were to be married after high school. I didn't exactly support that—I mean, they really should go to college first, but what else could I do? It’s not my life.
 Brushing those dark feelings away, I quickened my pace around the wide building, searching for the door I used to shortcut my way through the school. I should be happy for them, I kept thinking. I should be proud of Logan for finding her other half, yet I couldn't help but feel like a void was being created deep down in my chest. Like a part of me was missing, was taken, and chipped away. 
"Good morning, Raleigh," a lively voice chirped. Usually, a high-pitched voice calling my name without a body would have frightened me, but I was too tired to even flinch. I knew who it was, anyway.
  Yawning, I blinked the sleep out of my eyes and waved at the figure leaning on the brick wall.
 Mrs. Cortes was always early and always at school, no matter the day. It was like she lived in her office. Or maybe there was a secret door somewhere in her office that led to a room she stayed in!
"Morning, Mrs. Cortes." I yawned. "Still early?" Mrs. Cortes smiled apologetically at me and nodded. I groaned and threw my head back. "Ugh!"
 "Don't worry about it, Raleigh. All this proves is that you're diligent, not lazy," she pointed out.
  I bobbed my head up and down, barely conscious of what she was saying.  "Yeah," I muttered.
 She looked at me again, studying me, then gestured for me to follow her inside the building. Her keys jingled in her dress pocket and her hair kissed her shoulder blades as she walked. Her strands were curly, unlike my stiff, straight locks. 
  I followed her to a locked back door closest to the entrance to Rahway Park. With a loud crack, the lock snapped open and she yanked the door wide, helping me up the stone steps to the back kitchens. 
 We walked down the quiet hallway to the main desk. She beckoned me inside her office and handed me a stack of fresh paper. I sighed and dropped my backpack on the chair behind her desk, beginning my morning tasks.
 When I was a freshman, I would regularly be early to school because Lexi had to take the little kindergartners to school, and their classes usually started way earlier than mine did. I remember I would be waiting outside in the cold, bored to death, until Mrs. Cortes saw me one day and invited me inside, giving me some simple office work to do to buy time. At first, it was a lot, but over time it became really fun
Mrs. Cortes's office wasn't as big as I used to think it was. Just a small wooden desk sitting in the middle of an old red carpet. Behind her were shelves filled with books, magazine clippings, and awards she'd won. I never had much time to take a good look at the awards. 
 Helping her remove her books from her desk, I swept my gaze over Mrs. Cortes' frame again, noting the constant movement and glowing aura surrounding her. 
"You look excited today, Mrs. Cortes," I began tentatively, wiping the desk with a stray napkin. 
 Mrs. Cortes beamed. "Yes! You see, my older brother is coming from his town to pick me up to spend the weekend with him," she said, bouncing on her desk. 
 She has a brother...she has a family… I wanted to cry on the inside, but I didn't. Instead, I plastered a fake smile on my lips and nodded.
"Oh? Does he look like you?"
"Kind of?" She laughed gently. "We often joke that he got my father's genes, which is both a blessing and a curse." She paused suddenly, a dark shadow passing over her face, and I decided not to ask about that certain joke.
"Can I see a picture of him?" I asked cautiously. 
 Immediately, Mrs. Cortes perked up. She reached behind her desk and pulled a dusty old photo from her drawer, handing it carefully to me. The picture looked fairly new, which was why I was skeptical as to why it was so dirty. Probably just the frame.
  I could immediately recognize Mrs. Cortes in the picture. She wore her blonde hair down and had on a beautiful, if not, revealing sundress. She had an arm wrapped around a large man next to her, her smile wide and playful.
 Speaking of said man...
 I averted my brown orbs from Mrs. Cortes to the tall man. He was handsome, incredibly so. His shirt pulled taut on his chest, and I could only assume he was muscular. His arms certainly showed something to look at.
  A dark, wavy tattoo swam its way down his arm and snaked around his wrist. He had a small crescent and star tattoo on his cheek, right above a neatly trimmed beard. His hair was just like Mrs. Cortes's, only much shorter and unruly, probably to look stylish. It was brown, fading to blonde with a light neon blue stripe down one of his bangs, just like Mrs. Cortes's bangs. 
 I don't know why, but looking at her tall, obviously handsome brother who was most likely way older than I was, sent a shot of heat coiling through my heart. Butterflies erupted in my stomach from looking at him and I handed the picture quickly back to Mrs. Cortes. 
 Unfortunately, I’ve been told that I wear my emotions on my sleeve, and when my cheeks felt warm, I knew I was blushing overtly. 
She smirked. "Handsome, isn't he?" She asked. 
 I faltered for a moment, debating what I should say. My breath left me in a harsh panic before I managed a short nod of my head, reluctant to disagree with her. 
 Mrs. Cortes laughed. "Don't worry, sweetheart, I know he's good looking. Everyone says that." She then sighed and traced her fingers gently over the figure. "I've missed my brother."
"You'll see him today though, right? I'm sure he's missed you just as much." 
 She smiled. "Yes, him and my husband."
"Oh...nice…I guess,” I mumbled. I looked down at my hands, then back up at Mrs. Cortes, who was still tracing over her brother’s picture. “Mrs. Cortes?”
“Yes?”
“Um…I’m sorry if this is an invasive question but…how old are you?”
Mrs. Cortes smiled. “Not as old as you think I am,” she replied, winking at me. “I’m twenty.”
“Twenty?!” I gasped. “But…wait…how are you even the principal? Shouldn’t you still be in college?”
“Well—!”
  Unfortunately, the bell chose to ring at that moment—a minute before it was supposed to ring and startling the stack of papers from my grasp.
  Mrs. Cortes shook her head in amusement as I shoved the stack back into the copy machine and printer, slamming the latch shut. I grabbed my backpack hastily, neglecting to zip up the remaining portion of the biggest compartment. If the bell rang early to start class, then surely, it would end early too. 
"Bye, Mrs. Cortes! See you later!" I called, walking as swiftly as my little legs would carry me out of the room so that they wouldn't give out and I would take a tumble in the hallway. 
 I heard her chuckle and wish me goodbye as well before I had managed to shove my way out of the office doors and into the hallway. 
 Pushing my way through the couples making out and students chatting about their weekend plans, I walked towards my locker, which was all the way by the girls changing room for the gym. Logan was already there, kissing Drew goodbye.
 For the love of cheese…why now? I groaned.
  I coughed to make my presence known, smirking at the way Logan and Drew jumped away from each other.
"Raleigh!" They exclaimed, relieved.
  I snickered. "You'd better watch out for Ms. South. She doesn't take to making-out couples as lightly as Mrs. Cortes," I warned. 
 Logan glared, opening her mouth to retort and Drew dashed off to the gym before I could scold him too. I snickered again and leaned down to twirl my padlock.
  Logan held some of her books tightly to her chest, looking down at the book she had dropped to hide her glare. 
 "Nice to see you too, Raleigh," she muttered. She scooped her book from the ground and slammed her pink locker shut. One thing I'll never understand is if Logan liked black so much, then why the hell was her locker pink? I thought she would keep with the black aesthetic, but when I'd asked her once, all I got was a shrug in return.
"How was your night?" I asked. 
 Logan shrugged. "Alright. I learned that my cousin, Aldric, is coming to visit." She said, laughing nervously.
  I frowned, slamming my locker shut in the process. I clicked the lock into place, snapping the latch together.
"Aldric? A cousin? Since when do you have a cousin? I thought your parents had no siblings?" I asked.
  Logan looked away, playing with her keychain. "Well...it turns out they do! And—um—he's coming to visit today?"
"Your parents' sibling?"
"No! My...cousin!"
"...Okay." I drawled, collecting my books. She usually didn't stutter when speaking, but then again, she had just been kissing her boyfriend. It was natural to be fazed…I think?
 Logan reached to the bottom of my locker to help me grab a couple of books that I needed and my pencil case, her dark black skin brushing against my light brown shade. 
Logan's so beautiful, I thought. With her blue eyes and dark skin, she could rival Barbie's beauty herself. She looks way better than I do, anyway.
 Logan started to chatter before I could think of any description words for myself, eagerly laying out her plans with Drew and how they were going to pick out their wedding venue on Saturday.
  We walked to class together, giggling about her eagerness to get married and the dress she would choose, when the best smell I've ever smelt hit me like a ton of hot bricks. It was like fresh cookies and pine, a weird combination, but it smelled divine to my nose. It reminded me of a candle Mrs. Cortes once had lit on her desk from one of her family members...maybe the brother she kept mentioning? 
"Uh...Raleigh? You okay girl?" Logan asked. 
 I blinked, realizing I had blocked the doorway to English class when I had paused to get a better sniff of smell, as if I had been caught under the summer mistletoe. 
 I turned and smiled sheepishly to the kids behind me even though I knew they wouldn't say anything to me. Hustling to my seat, I leaned my cheek on my arm, gazing at the whiteboard in front of us. Miss Lythis was late...again. She was always late, yet Mrs. Cortes had the patience of a saint, one of the other reasons I respected her.
"Why did you stop in the doorway, Raleigh?" Logan asked, taking a seat beside me. "Did something happen? Did you hurt yourself?"
I flinched at the worry in her voice but shook my head. "No, I'm fine, but do you smell that?" I asked.
 Logan’s eyebrows drew together and she turned to the open window and took a deep whiff, her head poised just like a wolf howling at the moon.
"...No. Describe what you smell." She questioned; her hopeful blue eyes turning to me. 
 I frowned, tapping my chin and gazing at the whiteboard. "Like, a sweet cookie and pine scent. It just makes me want to cuddle up against something warm...like my blanket or something." 
"Eh. It was probably the cafeteria cooking that you smelled," Logan replied, brushing my questions aside. "We're opposite them on campus and it's Friday. Cookie day."
"Maybe..." I mumbled, dropping the dark chocolate color of my eyes to my arm, running over the pink incision over the joint between my elbow and arm. The color of Logan's eyes reflected onto my own, giving them an aura of blue.
Damn reflection, I cursed inwardly, tearing my gaze from the memory of my weakness to the whiteboard instead. The cursive script of the black marker caught my eye.
DON'T FORGET! NOTEBOOK QUIZ TODAY!
"Huh, I forgot about that," Logan murmured, her voice barely audible.
 Not the worst test in the world, I thought, leaning against the bar on my chair, reaching underneath my desk for my notebook. The smooth books slipped under my fingertips as if I were touching glass. That made me frown. Nothing poked my soft pads. Nothing brought an iron scent to my nose.
 Panic rose in my chest.
 "Damn it!" I cursed softly, so only Logan could hear. I rummaged through my backpack, my heart beating frantically. I shoved all my books to the back of my backpack, but my yellow notebook remained nowhere in my sight. For a brief moment, I thought that I had forgotten it at home, but then, it hit me.
 I had been in such a rush to get to my locker, I had forgotten to zip up my backpack in Mrs. Cortes's office! 
 I jumped out of my seat, startling Logan.
"Raleigh? Where are you going?" She asked.
  I grabbed the hall pass from the ledge on the whiteboard and skidded to the door. My legs trembled in warning as I ran, a caution for me to slow down or I'd fall, but I paid no heed to it, knowing that choice would cost me later.
"I left my notebook in Mrs. Cortes's office!" I called, my breaths already leaving me, making it harder to breathe.
 I slid into a quick-paced walk in the hallway, smiling and nodding briefly at the teachers and safety officers walking past. They nodded at me, their eyes glued to my wobbling legs, jerkily swaying hips and bent arms like leeches. It disgusted me.
 I smiled at Mrs. Cortes's receptionist when I reached the main office and she smiled back at me, gesturing to the closed oak wood door.
  As I neared, I could hear hushed whispers and quiet cackles. I bit my lip, debating whether I should knock or not. Realizing I'd rather interrupt their conversation than getting an F, I steeled myself and rapped my knuckles on the door.
"Come in!" Mrs. Cortes called, sounding as if she was trying hard not to laugh. I licked my cracked, dehydrated lips, palms sweaty, and slowly creaked the door open. I bent my head sheepishly as I entered.
"Sorry for bothering you, Mrs. Cortes, but I think I left my notebook here?" I asked quietly. I looked at the chairs by her desk, wondering what student had gotten in trouble this early in the morning. When I was met with an empty chair, I took a risk and looked up, my eyes catching the imposing figure looming by her desk. 
Or rather, above her desk.
It was the same guy from the picture, only now he looked much more intimidating and taller than before. His golden eyes bored into me, and the sweet scent returned to my nose at full force. 
 His pupils widened and his mouth parted slightly, turning to Mrs. Cortes. She was grinning wickedly at the two of us.
"Raleigh, I believe I have yet to introduce you," she said, looking very smug. She gestured to the young man (who looked like a college student), whose eyes had glazed over for a moment, muscles contracting ever so slightly. 
 Abruptly, he glanced at me just as I was assessing him. "This is Lucien, my older brother. Lucien, this is Raleigh, the girl I've told you about over the phone." 
"Nice to meet you," I said politely, shuffling on my feet and hoping she would hurry the introductions so that I could get back to class and finish my test.
  Lucien stared at me for a moment, as if debating why a teenager was talking to him. Then he smiled.
"Nice to meet you too," he said, his voice as warm as milk, yet had a sharp undercurrent of power. 
 I watched him closely as his bright eyes ran over my petite frame, the irises darkening as he took in the crippled girl in front of him. I waited for the repulsed wave that would crash into my body whenever someone new met me, but instead, heat crept like molten lava through my veins and I bit my lip. My heart was pounding, struggling to catch up to the pace I had run in. 
 Why does he keep looking at me? I thought irritably. Can’t he find something else to ogle at?
"Here you go!" 
 I jumped and Lucien chuckled as Mrs. Cortes reappeared from below her desk, the notebook held high. I snatched it; my ears tipped pink.
"Thank you!" I stammered, practically running out of the office. His smile. His laugh. His dark eyes haunting my every step. Suddenly, it was like his likeness spilled on me, soaking into my body and unable to get out. 
I knew deep down in my heart this wouldn't be the last time I met Mrs. Cortes's brother.
And I knew he could never fall for a girl like me. 














Lucien: Chapter 2
  I sighed, resting my palms flat on the two sides of my head. I raked my fingers through my hair and squeezed the strands gently. Twirling the stripe of blue hair between my pointer and middle, my eyes swiped over the cursive script again and the words tugged a worn smile on my face.
 Jasmine, my sister, was inviting me to Woodbridge High to visit the wolves in training and prepare them for their pack entry exams as well as complete the last of my inspections. My wolf, Caspian, howled with delight at the news that our beloved younger sister wanted to see us again.
   Living almost six hours away, I hardly had time to see Jasmine, and Benedict was driving me crazy about his mate. That, in addition to the stack of papers that continued to grow on my desk—being Alpha King, wasn't as easy as it sounded.
  I scanned the letter again, my golden eyes catching a bold name somewhere in the middle of the text. I narrowed my eyes. 
Raleigh.
 That same name repeated in almost every one of Jasmine's letters. I had heard of the girl from my Beta female, Logan once too many times. Apparently, they were best friends. That was all I really cared about paying attention to. I didn’t bother myself with humans.
 However, just the thought of Raleigh made my stomach tingle in delight. I had never met the girl in my life, yet Caspian seemed to enjoy looking at her name. He'd make me spend hours just re-reading the parts about this girl...Raleigh Rivercrest.
 I pushed myself up from my office chair, stretching my limbs with a grunt. I hoped I'd see Raleigh when I went to visit Jasmine. Maybe then her scent can talk some sense into Caspian. He keeps claiming she's the one for us, but I put him down fast. I'd rather not get my hopes up. And with a teenage girl? Was she even of age?
 A duffel bag rested in the corner of my office. Packed with a small gift for Jasmine and a few emergency items, I slung the sack over my shoulder and made my way out of my house, rounding the packhouse as I did so. Some pups were playing by the small playground, their mothers waving to me.
 I took a second glance at the pups, or rather, two of them—Avery and his sister, Ananya. They had joined my pack a few years ago, found on the road abandoned, and I couldn't help but take a liking to the outspoken pup and his shy sister. They reminded me of myself and Jasmine when we were younger…
  I would have stopped to talk to them, as Avery already had a reputation among the pups as a chatterbox, but Jasmine would give me an earful if I was late. She was like a carbon copy of our mother, always ordering me around despite being younger than me.
 Since Drew was already in Woodbridge High, I left my Gamma, Conner, in charge. Even though he was lower in status than Drew, I had no qualms about leaving the pack to him. He was just as responsible as Drew was, maybe even a bit more.
 Admit it. He is more responsible, Caspian sneered.
 Reaching for my keys, I shrugged. Whatever you say, Caspian. I’m not calling the shots until I have to.
Spoilsport.
I chuckled, shaking my head as I slipped into the sleek vehicle, closing the door behind me and readying the engine.
 The drive to Rahway was long and quite boring. Nobody but me had gone, so I was left to my own devices in the car while keeping my eyes on the never-ending highway. I tried listening to music, but soon I got bored and began to play 'I Spy' with myself. Caspian howled with laughter in my head, but honestly, I could’ve cared less.
 Soon, after I grew bored of the childish game, I let my thoughts wander aimlessly in my head. At some point, they all circled around the same bold name on the paper Jasmine had sent me: Raleigh. 
 I snarled to myself, gripping the steering wheel tighter than I already had. Who was this girl? Why was she so important? Why was she the only person I had been constantly thinking of these past days?
 Caspian tried to argue with me, but I shut him off quickly, drowning my thoughts with excitement as I reached the small town. I didn't need him getting me excited for something that could only ever remain a fantasy. Especially with an eighteen-year-old girl.
 Rahway was smaller than I expected it to be. It had definitely changed from the last time I had visited. Maybe living in a large pack had made me forget the life a simple town had to offer.
  I parked close to a small park by Rahway River and decided to do some exploring before I checked out Jasmine's school. The sun gripped the horizon with its hot fingers, holding on as tight as it could before the hours would pass and it would have to leave.
 Some of the dying rays reflected on my arm, making it look as though my tattoos were glowing. I glanced at the drawings inked on my skin, having to squint to see the scars scratched underneath. One of them, my moon tattoo, symbolized my leadership as Alpha King of North America. On my cheek, a light blue moon and two white stars, my mate mark. When I found my mate—if I found her—she'd bear my mark once I marked her. 
  Gazing up at the sky, I sighed wistfully. Almost everyone in my pack had a mate, everyone except me, and a few teens and pups. The void in my chest only grew deeper with every wedding paper I had to sign.
 I strolled quietly through Rahway Park, stopping to admire the children playing by the playground. A mop of dark hair caught my eye by the toddler area and I smiled. I knew the Alpha of Rahway, Greg. He was playing with his daughter on the slides. He saw me and waved slightly, dusting his jeans and leaving her to play with her older sister. I stayed in my spot as he joined me.
 "Alpha King," He acknowledged. His hazel eyes were slightly hard, assessing me carefully. "Is everything alright? How are you?"
 "I'm good, Greg. And yes, everything is fine. I'm just visiting Jasmine at her school," I answered. 
 Greg grinned and led me to a small bench, sitting with a heavy sigh next to me. His eyes melted as if they were bars of chocolate.
  "Jasmine invited you? Haven't seen her in a while? Have you, Lucien?" He asked, now knowing I meant no harm to his territory. 
 I nodded. "Yes. She's been bugging me for the past few weeks to come over! Says she has someone for me to meet. I mean, I had to go anyway. School inspection and all."
  I didn’t mention the letters Jasmine sent, or the way I had been feeling for the name of a teenage girl I had never met. I could feel my eyes grow hazy as I recalled Caspian's constant tracing, and Greg noticed, humming. 
 He grinned; sharp, canine teeth visible enough for me to remember when Drew and I first found him.  "Any chance this 'someone' is a girl?" He teased. 
 I growled, though I knew Greg knew I was only playing. "Yes," I said shortly "And Caspian's been over the moon every time Jasmine mentions her." 
 "What's her name?"
 "Raleigh."
 "Raleigh? Isn't that the name of a place?"
 "Yes. North Carolina's capital."
 "Oh..." Greg remained quiet, and I turned to him.
 "Do you know her?" 
 Greg chewed his bottom lip as if debating his answer. 
 I frowned. He was chewing his lip; that meant he knew something,
 "Gregory," I growled, pulling my full name card. 
 Greg sighed. "Yes. She's...something," he finally decided. 
 I frowned. "Something? Is she human?" I asked. 
 Greg shrugged. "I would like to think so? I don't make it a habit of giving a handshake to every inhabitant of Rahway. I have a file on her, but all I really know is that she lives in Alexia's home for kids. Currently, Alexia is trying to find an independent home for the girl, saying she’s too old to be staying in a children’s home now, " he said. 
I frowned, feeling Caspian pacing restlessly in my head. Irritated snarls echoed in my mind.
Is she not a werewolf?
 No, I don't think so, buddy
 I don't care. I want to see her.
 You're being pretty restless these days, Caspian. Are you sure you're alright?
 Yes, Caspian snapped, retreating to the back of my mind. 
  I sighed, standing up. Sometimes Caspian reminded me of a teenager. A rebellious teenager.
  Greg hastily copied me, waiting for me as I brushed my jeans.
  "I'd better be going," I said. "Jasmine should probably be getting impatient by now." I paused, and Greg looked at me warily, waiting for me to continue. "If I need any more info on Raleigh...?" 
 He stayed silent for a moment, then with a deep, almost defeated exhale, nodded. "Just come over. I'll look through her folder," he said. 
 We shared one last nod and parted ways—Greg back to his girls, and me to the school right across the park.
 As I neared the building, I proudly looked up at Woodbridge High. Built brick by brick, long and wide, my pack worked for a full year with the humans to make Woodbridge High possible. A large banner was draped over the front and the bright green lawn was cleanly shaven. 
 I climbed the steps up to the office and pulled the metal ring on the door open, slipping inside to the main office. Luckily, nobody was there except Anastasia, one of my pack members, who nodded and smiled to me, bowing briefly before jerking her head to Jasmine's door.
  I reached for the door, opening it slightly and closing it behind me as I walked in. 
 Jasmine was bent over her desk, flipping through the pages pale-yellow notebook in front of her. She had a somewhat maniacal grin on her lips, which made me wonder if I should just turn back and pretend, I was late. The window was open, a strawberry and vanilla scent drifting to my nose.
  I inhaled loudly, (much louder than I intended) and Jasmine's head shot up comically, much to my amusement.
 "Gah! Ana, I—! Lucien!" 
 She jumped from her seat, her mouth touching the corners of her ears as she rounded her table to give me a hug. 
 I reciprocated warmly, though my mind was still on the sweet strawberry scent. It made me hungry, but also restless. Curious.
 "How are you, bro?" She asked. 
 I shrugged. "As well as I can be."
"And Caspian? How has he been?"
"Caspian's...okay. He's been on edge ever since you invited us," I said. 
 Jasmine raised a brown eyebrow, frowning. "Why?" 
 I shrugged again. "I don't know. He's taken a special interest in one of the girls you mentioned...?" 
 Jasmine suddenly grinned. "Oh! Do you mean Raleigh? Yeah, well, she's the only girl I mentioned." 
 I blushed, and Jasmine smiled. 
 "Speaking of, this is her notebook," she pointed me to the loopy cursive handwriting on the page, and I took the book, gazing at the script intently.
 "So, you say Caspian's taken to her?" She asked. 
 "Yes, as irritating as it is. Now even I can't get my mind off her! And I've never even seen her!" 
 Jasmine beamed. "Maybe she's your mate," she said. 
 I snorted. "Yeah, right. And I'm Cleopatra." 
 Jasmine slapped my arm, glaring when all I gave her was a deadpan look. "Men," she muttered. "So, in denial. Ever think why Caspian's so attracted to her? Her smell? Her writing? Her—!" 
 She was cut off by a shy knock on the door, and through the thin cracks, a large blast of strawberry and vanilla hit my senses, almost knocking me unconscious.
 Jasmine shot me a look and smiled playfully, calling for whoever it was to come inside.
 Once my eyes saw her, I knew she was mine.
 She was… beautiful. Innocent, dark chocolate eyes looked hesitantly above thick eyelashes. Her bangs, sharp and triangular, fell along her eyelids and brushed her eyelashes. Her long hair kissed her waist, partly tied up and partly loose.
  She wasn't like other girls though. Her face was round and soft, unlike the sharp, hard jaws most women I've met had. She wasn't as skinny as them either, her stomach slightly soft, but not so much to push against the fabric of her shirt.
 She wore a white hoodie with short sleeves and a pink double-sided pocket. On her brown legs, jean-shorts covered her most private parts from prying eyes.
  I couldn't help myself. My eyes trailed over her exposed legs and arms, noting a few scars around her heel and under her knee-caps, as well as on her arms. She walked with a slightly bent back, and her arms reached just above 90 degrees. She was also breathing heavily, as if she was trying to catch her breath.
Do you think… I couldn’t help the way my eyes widened as I took her in, unconsciously speaking to Caspian. 
That she’s like your mother? Probably, Caspian answered calmly. She looks like she has the same disability.
Muscular Dystrophy? But which kind? Exactly the same? I questioned.
I would think so. Like I said, she looks exactly like your mom, Caspian patiently answered, which was a bit shocking, considering how snappy he usually is. 
 Her eyes roamed the room, stopping short on me before she looked at Jasmine, who was watching our exchange quietly.
  Is she your mate, Lucien?  She questioned through the mind link. 
 Yes. 
 The girl gazed questioningly between us, before speaking, her voice a low, dry rasp.
 "Sorry for bothering, Mrs. Cortes, but I think I left my notebook here?" She asked, her gaze unfocused.  
 I saw her slowly tilt her head up higher and higher, as if trying to gauge my height. Caspian began howling in my head.
 Mate! Mate! Mate! He repeated over and over again, as if I already didn't know. I watched her study me silently, her breathing soft and heavy. My pupils widened at the dainty, breath-catching sound and I turned to look at Jasmine, who was grinning at us. 
 "Raleigh, I believe I have yet to introduce you," she said, smirking and winking at me.
  My mind went blank and my jaw nearly dropped. This was Raleigh?! God, she was so cute! Caspian was practically tearing in my head, begging me to let him out and giving me a tremendous headache.
 "This is Lucien, my older brother. Lucien, this is Raleigh, the girl I've told you about over the phone." 
 I smiled at Raleigh, who had a cute blush overtake her brown cheeks.
 "Nice to meet you," she said, her voice softer than any other female's voice that I had met. 
  I smiled at her. "Nice to meet you too," I replied, gazing over her again. 
 She leaned against the wall while waiting, her eyes flickering from picture to picture. She wasn't afraid, which was surprising. I've had many people cower underneath me when we first meet, but she stood her ground. 
Interesting...
 "Here you go!" 
 Raleigh jumped, and I chuckled as Jasmine popped above her desk, grinning. She snatched the notebook out of Jasmine's hands, shaking and flushed.
 "Thank you!" She squeaked, racing out of the office without a second glance towards me.
  I laughed quietly, reclining against the window as Jasmine closed the door. Once locked, she turned to me, eyes ablaze and mouth pressed in a thin line.
 "She's your freaking mate!" She yelled.
  Well…that wasn’t the reaction I was expecting, I thought, rolling my eyes.
 "Louder, Jasmine! I don't think the school heard you!" I snarled. "Yes! She's my mate! What's so wrong about that?!"
 "I saw how you were looking at her, Lucien!" Jasmine said. "You know she has a disability."
"So?"
"Are you going to reject her now?"
Jasmine's words were sharp and pained, as if she had already predicted my answer. I guess that was what startled me the most. Was it because of her disability that she was rejected? That was it?
"Are you sure you're Jasmine?" I asked, restoring to teasing to calm her. "Because I'm pretty sure the Jasmine that's my sister, would know what my answer would be."
That didn't faze her, though, and her steely demeanor remained. 
I sighed. "No, Jasmine. I'm not going to reject her. Sure, we have a large age-gap and we are from different species, but I'm not going to reject her because she's disabled. Only fools do that. They don't understand the worth of a person and judge them on their looks. I want her in my life. She's my mate."
 Jasmine seemed taken aback at my words. She was silent for a few moments. Then, I saw something dribble down her cheek.
 A tear.
"Uh...Jazz?" I asked. 
 She swallowed and smiled gently. "Thank you," she murmured, worrying me even more. 
 I walked up to her, putting both of my hands on her shoulders. "What's wrong? Why are you thanking me?" 
 Jasmine choked a laugh and her eyes glazed over. I didn't know if she was crying or if her wolf was talking to her. Hopefully the latter. I wasn’t very good at comforting crying people…unless they were my mate…which I suppose had yet to be seen.
 "I'm thanking you for seeing what others can't see in her," she said softly.
 "What do you mean?" I asked. Caspian was growling in my head, but I didn't feel the need that he felt. I felt confused and slightly curious. 
 Jasmine sighed. "Raleigh...is a very private girl, which some people here can't accept," she said. "They feel that because she's disabled, they have to know everything about her, which makes her very uncomfortable. She doesn't date, and I think that's either because of her low self-esteem or for the fact that she simply doesn't want to date." 
"Has Drew ever mentioned her?" 
 Jasmine nodded. "He's mentioned her once or twice, but that's only because of her vanilla scent. You aren't the only one that can smell it. Logan's tried, but Raleigh always shuts her down." She sighed. "It's hard, you know, to know what she's thinking."
I hummed, my heart beating in my ear. Raleigh ignited a new type of curiosity in me, and instead of the sexual desire I felt when I used to sleep with women, I now felt a sense of responsibility weigh down on me, a taste of what you had to go through to find love.
 "I'll make sure that changes. Starting today."


Raleigh: Chapter 3
 As my day progressed, I couldn't get Mrs. Cortes's brother out of my mind.
 I didn't understand why, exactly. I'd only just met him, and while he was good looking, there was something else about him that just made him look...different. 
 At lunch, while Logan ranted about something wrong with her wedding colors (which she let Drew pick), I thought about Lucien. About his peculiar scent and the constant change of his eye-color. It could have just been a trick of the light, but I wasn't too sure about that. Maybe it was all those fanfictions or fantasy books, but there was definitely something…inconsistent with him.
 He'd only changed a little from the picture Mrs. Cortes had shown me. Long, twining tattoos depicting different sceneries were inked onto his arms, covering the skin entirely. His shirts looked too small for his body, which was the first time I had seen someone like that. His eyes were what drew me in the most, though. Dark golden orbs with a sharp undercurrent of electricity.
 I sighed. My stomach was doing flips and while I tried to ignore it, something about Lucien made me want to see him again, if I ever got the chance to.
 "Raleigh? Hello? Earth to Raleigh?" Logan snapped her fingers impatiently in front of my face and I blinked, pulling my head back.
 "What the hell, Logan?!" I demanded.
  Logan raised a dark eyebrow, glancing from her food to me. "I should be the one telling you that—what the hell, Raleigh? You just blacked out on me!" 
 I shrugged, scooping some food onto my spoon and swallowing, my thick canopy of black hair surrounding me. 
 "Did I? Sorry, I was just distracted," I said.
  Logan grunted. "Spill." She ordered, moving our lunch bags aside so she could get a better look at my face. 
 I paused, my spoon halfway to my mouth. "Spill what? What is there to spill?" 
  Logan scoffed. "Don't play all innocent with me, Raleigh Anne Rivercrest! Something's up. Somebody's on your mind!... Is it a boy?" 
 "What?! No! Of course, not!" I defended, which was a lie, but not in the way Logan thought it was. I looked away from her, a tall, dark figure catching my eye.
 "What—Oh! It's Lucien." Logan acknowledged, sparing him barely a glance.
 "You know him?" I asked. 
 She shrugged, stuffing her face with a full loaf of bread. "Kinda?" But she didn't elaborate. 
I rolled my eyes. "He's interesting, isn't he?"
"How so?"
"I don't know. He just...smells weird? Also, doesn't he seem...different from other men?"
"You mean because of his height? Or his eyes?" Logan asked.
I nodded. "Yeah. What's up with that?"
"No clue," Logan replied promptly, her lips curving into a smile as Mrs. Cortes led Lucien around the room, his eyes flickering from side to side as if he was searching for someone.
 "Who do you think he's looking for?" I asked.
"Nobody, at least, I don't think so," Logan yelled over the loud cafeteria banging.
"He has this weird, authoritative aura that he carries, doesn't he?" I wondered, watching him as he approached the loudest table in the cafeteria. Immediately, all of the boys there straightened and their lips zipped.
  Logan chuckled and Drew slid up to her side, masking ignorance. He held two grape sodas in his hands, the remains of the frost evident on his wet fingers.
 "Stalking Mrs. Cortes's handsome brother, huh?" Drew teased, cracking open the soda can.
 "No!" I hissed, which was true. "I'm only...studying him..."
"Raleigh thinks that Lucien isn't a human," Logan deadpanned.
  Something flashed through Drew's eyes, but he masked it with a laugh, leaning over the table to ruffle my hair.
"I'm sure Lucien's a human, Raleigh," he said. "I mean, is it because he's so tall?"
"Maybe..." I murmured, my eyes following him as he neared our table. My heart jumped suddenly, as if it were electrified and calm whispers caressed my mind, repeating something that was on the tip of my tongue, but I could never understand it. 
"Nice to see you again, Lucien," Drew acknowledged playfully as Lucien neared him.
Lucien smirked. "I was hoping I wouldn't bump into you, Andrew," he grumbled, but still gave Drew the fist-bump that he was waiting for.
"Good to see you too, Logan," Lucien said, turning to my friend. 
Logan smiled. "You too, Al—Lucien."
Lucien nodded, but his eyes were already sliding to me, the irises burning into me as if they were fire. I suddenly felt hot and shuffled in my seat.
"Did you pass your test, Raleigh?" Lucien asked, his eyes running over me for a split second before they met my eyes again.
I swallowed the stinging feeling that had shocked my body. He had noticed. He knew what I had. He knew I wasn't normal, or maybe he already did and was just making sure he wasn’t imagining anything. It took me a moment before I could answer him.
"Um, I don't know yet. We just had our exam," I murmured. 
"Oh." Lucien's ears grew red, embarrassed, and he cleared his throat. I couldn't help the giggle that escaped my lips. He looked kind of cute when he was embarrassed.
"Raleigh," Mrs. Cortes cut in, and I almost forgot that she had been with Lucien this whole time. 
"Yes?"
"Are you free after school today?"
"Uh, yes? Why? Is anything wrong?"
"No, nothing is wrong. I simply wanted to discuss something with you."
"Okay..." I drawled, anxiety chewing at my stomach. 
 Mrs. Cortes smiled, and from the corner of my eye, I caught Lucien looking at me again. Irritation climbed up my throat. Was he really that curious? Couldn’t he just mind his own business now?
 " Drew, Logan, I'd like you to be there too." Mrs. Cortes added. She nodded to them as if they knew something I didn't, and they bowed their heads slightly to Lucien as the siblings left, leaving me slightly irritated, but mostly nervous.
 "Do you already know Lucien?" I asked
Drew's smile was that of a faraway one and he nodded. "Yes. Lucien and I have been friends for—like—centuries!"
  He laughed, but it sounded forced. Like he was actually serious about knowing Lucien for years. 
 "...Okay? And Logan? You've known Lucien?"
  Logan nodded. "Yes. He was the one who introduced me to Drew," She said, intertwining their hands. I let my gaze drop to the small romantic gesture and couldn't help but wonder if I'd ever get my own romance like them.
*****
 For some reason, I was very nervous as the end of the day approached. My stomach had been tying itself slowly into knots the whole day, and Lucien's constant glimpses at me wouldn't get out of my mind. Something about him drew me in, but also made me want to be wary around him—like he was a wolf that could bite at any given moment.
 As the classes dispersed, all of the students leaving to go do their own activities, I dragged myself to Mrs. Cortes's office, where she had instructed me to meet her. Voices argued loudly in a language I didn't understand from the other side of the door, but one of them was clearly Lucien. 
 Cautiously, as if touching a pan of steaming oil, I raised my hand and knocked on the door.
 "Raleigh? Is that you?" Mrs. Cortes called. There was some scuffling behind the door, and I paused before I answered.
 "Yes? Can I come in?" 
 "Of course!" 
 Swallowing the bile that had risen in my throat, I turned the golden knob and pushed the creaky door open.
 Logan and Drew were already there, reclining on the wall by the window. Mrs. Cortes sat at her desk and Lucien was perched next to her, his eyes only following me. I tried very hard to ignore the strong, powerful scent as I made my way to a seat, sitting down after a bit of hesitation.
 "Glad you could make it, Raleigh," Mrs. Cortes said cheerfully, standing up from her desk. 
 I gulped and offered her a weak smile. "Of course. Is anything the matter?" I asked. 
"No, not really," Logan replied before Mrs. Cortes could. Both she and Lucien glared at her, their eyes as sharp as steel, but Logan hardly flinched. "What? Listening to you guys fight got boring real fast."
Mrs. Cortes shook her head fondly, turning back to me. " There is something important we have to tell you, but I'd rather Lucien explains it to you rather than myself. He’ll be able to explain it better."
"...Okay." Great, I didn’t even know the guy and I was already in trouble. 
 Lucien slipped down from the table; his eyes glazed over for a moment before he knelt in front of me. 
  Again, something spiked inside of me, heat curling at my toes, but I couldn't recognize what exactly it was.
"Raleigh, there's something I—we have to tell you," Lucien said. His smile reduced to a frown, and my stomach dropped.
 "What is it? Is it bad?" I questioned, feeling as though I was about to get in trouble.
Lucien took a deep breath, as if he were steeling himself. "No, nothing bad...at least, I don't think so," he said. 
I frowned. "Then what is it?"
 Lucien faltered for a moment, and when Mrs. Cortes giggled, he turned, glaring at her. 
  In that moment, I felt sorry for him. Here he was, trying to tell me something that was probably really embarrassing or really serious, and Mrs. Cortes was laughing at him. His frustration ebbed off me in waves.
 "I—well—of course, I have to explain. Since Jazz isn't helping today," he grumbled. 
 Mrs. Cortes laughed. "It's all you, Alpha," She teased, taking time to pronounce the word Alpha. 
 Alpha? I thought to myself. Well, Lucien did resemble those Alpha's I had read about in fanfiction. Perhaps it was just a nickname?
"Do you know what a werewolf is, Raleigh?" Lucien asked suddenly, as if a lightbulb had gone off in his mind.
 "Yes," I said resolutely, some of my inner fangirl awakening. "They're humans who can shift into wolves, primarily at night. They don't actually need the full moon to shift, however, and travel and live-in packs."
 Lucien seemed surprised at how much I knew, if the way his eyes widened accounted for anything. "Yes...how did you know?" 
  I shrugged and gestured to Logan, who blushed under all the eyes on her.  "Logan gave me a werewolf fan-fiction once and I got interested in it," I said. 
  Lucien hummed. "So, then, do you know what an Alpha is?"
 "The leader of the pack, right? Him and the...Luna, if I remember correctly," I said. 
 Lucien smiled softly at me. 
 "Yes, him and the Luna." He stood up, putting his hand out.
 I hesitated for only a moment before taking it, and with startling ease, Lucien pulled me to my feet.
 "How are you so light? Are you eating properly?" He asked. 
 My heart dropped. I had hoped he wouldn't mention anything. My mind was already running in circles with everything that was being told to me, or the onslaught of feelings that I had never felt before, I began to feel abruptly.
"I am, a little bit," I said, not really elaborating. 
 An inhumane growl rose from Lucien's lips and his eyes glazed over again for a moment. 
 "D-Did you just...snarl?" I spluttered. 
 Lucien grinned, raising an eyebrow.  "Yeah...Yeah, I did." He spoke. He released my hand, even though he looked like he wanted to keep holding it.
  My heart jumped.
 "Raleigh." He said my name like a benediction. "Raleigh, please listen to me. I—I don't know any other way than to walk straight from the bush. And... if you don't believe me...then I'm not sure what else I can do apart from showing you."
  I didn't say anything, but I could feel a tense atmosphere slowly clouding over us. Logan had stiffened on her perch, looking like a wolf ready to pounce. Drew looked grim, for the first time in my life, and Mrs. Cortes shuffled on her feet. It didn't help that they were all silent, as if wanting to document my reaction.
 In short, they looked like they were either going to murder me as some sacrifice, or tell me that they murdered somebody.
 "What is it?" I asked, hoping I didn't sound shaky.
  Lucien took a deep breath, more for him than for me, and looked me dead in the eye as he said: "Raleigh. I am a werewolf."
 And for the next few moments, I stared at him. I didn’t do anything, or say anything. I just stared, like I was waiting for the punchline. When I finally did realize what he had said, my heart-felt as though it had stopped. 
"What?" I took a step away from him, unsure whether to feel excited or nervous about what he was going to say next.
  Lucien stiffened, as if he were going to follow me, but he didn't, instead standing in the exact same spot he'd helped me up.
  The thumping in my chest grew into an erratic pounding and I nearly toppled into the chair behind me. Everyone was still quiet.
 "You're a werewolf?" I whispered in awe. I didn't want to believe him, no matter how hard my mind fought with me too. But the snarl, the eyes, the careful explanation...all the puzzle pieces were clicking perfectly into place.
 Now I’m really going crazy…
  Lucien nodded solemnly. "Yes, I am. I'm an Alpha...Well, Alpha King to be exact." 
  But I wasn't listening. I looked behind Lucien, at Mrs. Cortes, Logan, and Drew, who all had their heads bent like guilty children.
 "Are you guys… werewolves too?" I asked. 
 Sheepishly, Logan nodded. "Yes. I am the Beta Female. Andrew's the Beta, and as Lucien said, he's the Alpha." 
 I blinked. "So, what are you, Mrs. Cortes?"
 She shrugged. "Nothing really. I can't be Alpha Female, because that's just another title for a Luna. I'm just... the princess, I guess...it's complicated."
 "And you're the...Alpha King? What's that?" I asked, looking at Lucien.
 "There are different kinds of Alpha's," Lucien explained. "An Alpha...you can think of him as a mayor. Then, there's Head Alpha, which only the U.S has. It's like a Governor. Lord Alpha is Alpha of a country. And finally, there's Alpha King, Alpha of an entire continent. If an Alpha needs to make a decision that involves another pack, such as a pack transfer or a land trade, then those documents need to be run by me.”
  I nodded, still trying to process this. "Okay...so you're the Alpha King," I said, pointing to the person as I spoke "You're the Beta, Drew. Logan's the Beta Female and Mrs. Cortes is the princess...how do I know you're not lying? I mean…are you guys just pulling my leg?" 
 Lucien ran a weary hand through his hair, tugging slightly. "Well then, how can I prove it to you?" 
 I bit my lip, contemplating.
"I know!" Logan spoke up from her perch. She hopped down onto the carpet, grinning. "We can shift! If Raleigh sees us like wolves, then she'll have to believe us!" 
 Lucien scowled. "Do you remember what happened last time I shifted?"
  Drew winced, rubbing his stomach. I was initially curious, but now I'm not sure I wanted to know if he really was telling the truth.
 "Okay then. I'll shift." 
  Before Lucien or anyone else in the room could object, Logan closed her eyelids momentarily, kind of like getting into the zone. Right before my very eyes, her eyes changed to a dark pink color. Her hair grew matted and long, her body covered in fur. Her feet and hands became paws, and in a blinding pink light, she was no longer Logan.
 No. 
 Now, she was a nearly eight-foot-tall wolf!
 Lucien stepped away from me, and I was immediately engulfed by a large, slobbering black wolf with pink eyes and a very eager personality. I staggered, and once I managed to regain my balance, I cautiously scratched her ears.
"Logan?" I asked.
  Logan, or, the wolf version of Logan, grinned wildly, licking my face. I giggled, pushing her away. She grunted at me, pawing at her nose. She padded behind the desk, the wood banging for a few moments. Then, the Logan I knew appeared again, smirking.
"Believe us now?" She challenged. 
 I felt the air leave my lungs and despite wanting to deny her transformation as nothing but a figment of my imagination, I couldn’t. I couldn't say no now. She had just given me concrete proof and because of that, I could only nod my head in my stupor.
"Okay...so you are werewolves...What do you want with me? Eat me?"
Drew rolled his eyes. "You wish. Werewolves don't eat humans. You guys are too salty!"
I gaped at him, and Mrs. Cortes cut in before I was able to get a word out about his sentence.
 "Before we get off track,” She said, stepping in easily. "Lucien, it's high time you tell her before...you know." 
 I didn't know, but apparently, Lucien did for he turned back at me, his golden eyes once on me.
 You know, now, looking at him and his hair and eyes, it made sense that he was a werewolf. His eyes had an undercurrent of hidden power and hot electricity. His appalling height and large, buff stature made it impossible to lie to him. He radiated a strong, ferocious vibe to anyone who was within his speaking radar, yet he spoke gently and quietly, as if speaking to an easily spooked animal.
 "Raleigh, I'm going to tell you something and I want an honest response," Lucien said sternly.
  "Okay...what is it?" I asked for like, the fifth time that day. 
 Lucien sighed. "Raleigh, do you know how wolves have mates?"  
 I nodded again. "Yes..."
  My heart thumped loudly in my chest, my toes and palms sweaty.
  Lucien blushed and he looked away. "Well...you're my mate Raleigh."
 "What?!" I blurted for the second time that day. I didn't even wait for him to react. This wasn't happening to me, not today. Anxiety took over me in a rush of panic and I took a step back, and Lucien took another step forward, his eyes glowing brightly. They began to swirl like a tornado, the gold blending with a dark black color.
 All of Lucien's glances and constant eye-flickering made sense to me, and for a moment, I felt eagerness curl up inside of me, but soon, that was replaced by panic. Lucien knew exactly how I looked like...my disability, my curse. The euphoria I once felt was gone, and now, gnawing self-doubt chewed at my stomach. Was he going to reject me now?
 "You're my Luna, Raleigh." 
 My face exploded in blush and my stomach churned. Something pricked at my fingertips, sparking along my spine, but I ignored it.
  I kept taking steps back from the chair, shaking my head over and over again. I couldn’t breathe, and now, all eyes were on me, waiting for my reaction, my answer. 
 "Reject me, then," I whispered.
 "What?" He snarled. His eyes blasted; the golden color replaced by a pitch black.
  I gulped, just realizing the expanse of the mess I had created. However, firmly avoiding the darkness of his eyes, I continued.
 "I'm a cripple!" I blurted. "I could never be a Luna! I could-I could never be your—!" 
But he didn’t let me finish. He walked over to me until he had my back pressed up against the wall, however he did keep a respectful distance between us. His hand twitched, like he wanted to touch me. Maybe I wanted him to touch me. Something was tingling inside of me, wanting to explore, wanting to know. This was the first time I had been approached by a man before, much less my principal’s brother, and definitely much less an Alpha King. 
"Never. Ever. Say. That. Again." Lucien snarled, sounding more animalistic than human.
"Why not? It's the truth," I said, the amount of courage thriving in me a miracle. 
Lucien glared at me. "It is not the truth, and should I hear you say that again, I…I…" He shook his head, and I noticed that he was looking at Mrs. Cortes out of the corner of his eye. "Never, ever, let me hear you say those words again, or else..."
"Or else what...?" I challenged, breathless at our proximity.
  Lucien smirked, his wolfish features making him look deadlier. "Or else...well...I don't think you'd like to know."

Lucien: Chapter 4
 I don't know what took over me.
 Caspian was silent, which terrified me. I guess he wasn't expecting me to take control so easily— to imply something that would possibly take years to happen. He whimpered quietly in my head, and I could feel him bowing his furry head in submission.
"Whoa..." Raleigh murmured as I stepped away from her. "How did you do that?!"
"Do...what?"  
 Confusion radiated off of me, as well as everyone else in the room. Hadn't she just been petrified moments ago?
"The whole hypnotizing thing! I almost believed you!" Raleigh exclaimed.
I raised my eyebrow. "I didn't...hypnotize you. I just..."
"Blackmailed? Threatened?"
"...Yes." I felt sheepish, my heart thrashing in my chest, but Raleigh didn't look very bothered. In fact, she looked eager.
"Well, whatever you did, that was admittedly pretty cool...and..." Raleigh shuffled on her feet, "Sorry about, well, uh...saying that. I didn't know it would get you upset. I’m just so used to reacting like that…it’s kind of a reflex."
I bent down to her level. "It's okay. It's just a mate bond. It makes me naturally protective, but as long as you don't say that again, I don't think you'll have to witness that…side of me anymore."
"Interesting..." Raleigh murmured. Her eyes flickered back up to my face, her bottom lip drawn in between her teeth, and a cold wave crashed into me, a fire igniting in my stomach.
"So... what now?" She asked. Logan, Drew, and Jasmine were still quiet behind me, and I sighed, realizing I'd have to take this matter into my own hands. Nobody was going to say anything. Not after that spectacle. 
 "What do you mean?" I asked. 
 "I-I mean, now you've told me who you are...what now? Do I act like nothing happened...or...?" 
 "No," I replied sternly. "I cannot forget you now, even if I wanted to. You're my existence, my other half. And I'll repeat myself again; I do not care what you look like. All I care about is you, your hobbies, your life, your heart. I want it all if you'll have me." 
 I looked to her for approval, and she was staring at me as if I'd given her the moon in her palms.
 "What?" I asked. 
 She bit her lip again, and Caspian snarled.
 "Did you really mean that? You'd accept a cripple as your mate?"
"Yes," I replied, almost immediately. "I want to help you, to show you that there are people out there able to love you, to help you accept yourself for who you are."
 "We all will," Jasmine, for the first time, spoke up. "We care about you Raleigh, and we care for our Luna. The whole pack does, and will, once they meet you." 
Raleigh stiffened, and I glared at Jazz.
 "Maybe excluding the pack for now," I murmured "But you'll have me and a couple of closer members in my pack to help you." 
Raleigh licked her plump lips. "Yeah...but will they like me? Will they accept a cripple as their—ah—Luna?" She asked.
 "They will," I assured her. "It's wired into a pack's DNA to protect their Luna, no matter what." 
 Based on the amount of shuffling she was doing; I knew for a fact that Raleigh did not believe me one bit. But I'd work on that.
 "Now then," Jasmine dropped from the desk. "We should be heading to the pack, and, if Raleigh's okay with it, bring her too." 
 Raleigh's mouth dropped. 
"N-Now? To live?" She stammered.
 I frowned. "Only if you're okay with it. I don't want to rush you.” I glared at Jasmine, who shrugged. “I understand that this is all new, and I apologize if I’m rushing you into anything. It’s just…I’m really excited to finally have met my mate, after so long…”
Raleigh's cheeks turned crimson and she attempted to duck her head. 
 "No! I would love to...my guardian, Lexi has been nagging at me to find my own place to live in, since I'll be nineteen soon," she mumbled, and I frowned at the word 'guardian' but decided to ask about it later. "I’m a legal adult anyway, but won't I bother you?"
 "No," I said firmly. "You are their Luna and my Luna. You belong there, in my pack, human or wolf. The packs of North America only have a King, but now they need their Queen, if you're willing."
  I watched her take a good look at everyone in the room, moving away from her so that she could breathe. Caspian was pouncing around in my head like a puppy, slobbering all around my mind as he waited for our mate’s answer. 
 Her body trembled and a vast number of emotions crashed into her. She took a deep breath to compose herself, tucking a stray strand of hair behind her ear and gave me a half-smile, nodding.
 "Yeah...I'd like that." She decided. "Uh...but what about school?" 
 Logan's eyebrows shot up. "You're still worried about school? The only reason I came here was to keep an eye out for the Luna, if she was here!" 
 I glanced at her. "Did you know this whole time?"  
Logan shrugged. "Maybe. Not only was Raleigh my best friend, but she also had this scent that was so...different." 
 Raleigh rolled her eyes. "Thanks for telling me I smell, Logan." She deadpanned. Logan glared at her, and just as she was opening her mouth to counter, I stepped in. 
 "How many things do you have to pack, Raleigh?" I asked, ignoring Logan’s scowl. 
 Raleigh shrugged. "Nothing really, apart from my school things." She replied. 
 "That's it?" I asked. “No clothes or personal artifacts?”
“No,” she responded. “All of my clothes will most likely go to the other girls at the orphanage, and I don’t have any personal artifacts. I wasn’t left with any.”
“Damn…” I looked at Logan and Jasmine, both of whom nodded. I frowned. "Once we get you settled in my house, I'll take you out to get some things for yourself. Necessities and all."
  Raleigh opened her mouth to protest, but I gave her a stern look and she closed it. I could feel her mind swarming, unable to stay on one emotion, and unable to decide what reaction she should be having. 
 "Okay." She mumbled. 
 Drew's eyebrows rose, astounded. "Wow. If only I could make Logan stop emptying my wallet with that look." 
 I chuckled. "If only." 
 Logan growled at us and we both playfully ignored her. Jasmine giggled, but Raleigh stayed quiet. When I took a glance at her, her eyes were glazed, looking as though she were in another world. 
 Jasmine must've also noticed Raleigh's silence, for she spoke up over the rush of the room, saying: "Should we get going now?" 
 Raleigh immediately snapped out of whatever daze she was in, her eyes widening. "You're coming too, Mrs. Cortes?" 
 "Yep. And you don't have to call me Mrs. Cortes, darling. You can call me Jasmine." She said, winking at her. 
 Raleigh bit her lip. "Okay...Jasmine." She wrinkled her nose. "That sounds funny, calling you by your first name." 
 "Eh, you'll get used to it," Jasmine replied nonchalantly. 
Raleigh smiled. "I guess I'll have a lot of things to get used to." 
 She rubbed her neck, which was just under her chin. Somehow, I didn't mind the fact that she had a round face. She looked cute with it.
 I led her out to my car, which I instructed Ana to move while I was with Jasmine. Logan and Drew left to class and to gather Raleigh's things, something I could tell it bothered her. She had shifted when I told them to, yet she kept silent, probably intimidated.
 "I'm just not used to people doing my things," she explained when I asked why. "I feel bad, especially because I know I can do it on my own and making them do it is wasting their time."
 "They're your pack. They're willing to do this for you. Never believe you're forcing them to, alright?"
  I could hear Raleigh's heart thumping, and I knew this would also take some time for her to get accustomed to, but I would help her with it. I guess living with people doing things for you your whole life had made me forget that not everyone had that same privilege. 
 I reached over Raleigh's small frame and pressed the metal buckle into the latch, her body stiffening in what Caspian told me was a good thing. 
  Jasmine pick-pocketed my keys from my pocket, only flashing me a wink. I rolled my eyes but did move next to Raleigh, our bodies only inches apart. I could have sat in the front beside Jasmine, but the smile she gave me when I slid into the seat next to her was worth more than the conversation I could have had with my sister.  
 "Is it alright if I sit here?" I questioned. 
 "Yeah. This is your car," she said.  She faltered for a moment. "Is it wrong that I feel curious about you? Like a string keeps pulling me towards you?"
 "No. That's a good thing. It means your body and your mind are accepting me as yours." I said. 
 Raleigh smiled at me, the yellow sunlight glowing on her eyes, developing a slight aura of blue around her brown irises. 
“Are you sure you want to do this?” I asked again, swallowing. “I mean, you don’t even know me, so it’s okay if you want to stay…or if you’re uncomfortable about our age gap…”
“Well, how old are you, firstly?” Raleigh asked.
“I’m immortal, but I’ve been told I look twenty-two,” I replied, glancing at Jasmine as she started my car. “And you’re…eighteen?”
“Almost nineteen, I think,” she corrected. 
“What do you mean, you think?”
“I don’t know my birthday,” she said. I felt my eyes widen, and I know Raleigh saw it, because she blushed, a beautiful red hue covering her cheeks. “What? Hey, I know it sounds weird, but it’s true. I truly don’t know my own birthday…well, my real birthday, that is.”
“Did the orphanage never tell you?” I asked.
“No,” she shook her head. “We didn’t bother much with birthdays, so it was never a really important day for me. We just got to choose a day to eat ice cream, that’s it. Um…” she glanced back at the school, biting her lip. “What about school?”
I shrugged. “If you’d like, you can do homeschool. I would rather you come back in person, but with the wolves now recognizing you as the Luna Queen, some of them may try to…” I paused.
Raleigh stared expectantly at me. “Try to what?”
“Nothing important, Raleigh,” Jasmine interrupted from the front of the car, saving my life. “Just understand that your life is going to change now. You still have time to back out…”
Raleigh immediately shook her head. “No,” she said, turning her gaze away from me towards the window. “I’m not leaving anything or anyone behind. I’m eighteen. I can make my own choices now, and somehow, I have a feeling that this won’t be a choice I’ll be regretting later.”
“You never know.” I couldn’t help but smirk. “I could be a serial killer, for all you know.”
“Lucien!” Jasmine scolded. 
“What?! I’m just being honest!” I snapped, glaring back at her, and Raleigh giggled. 
“Thanks for the honesty,” she said dryly “But I know what I’m doing.” Her voice sounded longing. “Coming to learn that werewolves exist and that I have a mate may be the best thing that has happened to me—ever! Don’t get me wrong, Lexi was a good guardian, but she was already pushing me out of the house as it is. I…I needed an escape, and maybe you’re it.” She looked up at me, meeting my eyes for the first time since the office meeting, and I found myself smiling. She hardly knew who I was, yet she was trusting me blindly already. Damn, the mate bond does wonders, doesn’t it?
“Okay,” I finally agreed, leaning back it my seat. “You’re an adult, you make your choices. Just know that once you step into this life, you can never escape it.”
“I know now,” Raleigh responded. “And I don’t need to escape it. You’re offering me a family that I’ve never had. Why wouldn’t I want that?”
I didn’t say anything, but just smiled, nodding again as I leaned back in my seat.
We drove in silence for a while after that, Raleigh soon falling asleep. I unbuckled her seat-belt and cradled her on my lap, holding her tightly yet gently as Jasmine drove into the night, refusing my offer to switch or go to a hotel.
  I was initially hesitant to hold her, but when her neck began to droop against her seatbelt in what looked like an uncomfortable position, my mate instincts took over and I pulled her against me, her body cold against mine. 
 By the time we reached my pack, the Blue Moon Pack, Raleigh had begun to stir.
 "Raleigh? We're here," I whispered gently.
  Raleigh grunted, twisting in my arms.
  I chuckled. Clearly a sleeping Raleigh didn't like to be awakened.
 "Raleigh. C'mon. Let's get you upstairs to a real bed." I said, yet I got out of the car, still holding her. 
 Conner ran up to me from the packhouse as I walked, Raleigh dozing in and out of sleep. It was so dark out I almost didn't see him. If not for the glowing blue light reflecting on Raleigh's shirt, I would have probably ignored Conner.
 "Who is she, Lucien? Is she the…Luna?" Conner asked, a bewildered look in his eyes. 
 I nodded. "Yes. Do you think you could have Cindy lend her some clothes for tomorrow? Logan's out of town. Also, tell the pack not to scare their Luna just yet. She's very...shy." 
  Conner nodded, bowing to me. "Yes, Alpha." He said. He began to run back to his house when I called him. He paused in his tracks.
 "Alpha?" He questioned. 
I glanced down at my beautiful mate, who was finally beginning to wake. "Thank you for caring for the pack, Conner," I said.
  I knew most Alpha's don't usually show respect to their members, especially their Gamma's, but I was working on it. Alpha or Omega, a wolf was still a wolf, with feelings.
 Conner smiled at me, nodding with a smile on his face. "No problem, Alpha. We're all at yours and the Luna's bidding." He said, jogging away before I could answer him. 
 I stared at the spot he occupied for only a moment before I felt Raleigh shift in my arms.
 "Hm?" She mumbled; her voice groggy.
  I looked down, holding her despite her legs already dropping to the sides, ready to jump to the ground. 
 "I'll wake you when we're inside," I murmured, carrying her into my house, ready to start my life with my mate. I guess it’s true when they say that you have to be patient for the best things in life. After years of looking, waiting, and almost giving up, I had finally been bestowed with the best gift any wolf could receive. She had finally arrived. 
My Luna had come.










Raleigh: Chapter 5
 I don't remember what exactly took over me. Maybe it was the soft, motherly voice in my head, but I felt my body relax in Lucien's arms as he carried me. I cracked my eyes open, trying to peer past his hulking frame to get a glimpse of where exactly an Alpha of a wolf pack lived. Maybe a den? Cave? 
 A little part of me was nervous. I mean, I really just left my old life behind in favor of a man I knew little to nothing about. Being my principal’s cousin and an Alpha didn’t change the fact that he could be a murderer or some serial rapist. After all, he was a werewolf. 
 "Lucien?" I asked, the best I could since my throat was pressing against my chin. I probably looked so fat and ugly right now, and even though I wanted his attention, I also didn't want him to see me.
"Yes, Raleigh?" Lucien murmured, looking down at me. His eyes reflected the dark glow of the moon, their gaze questioning.
"Where are we?" I asked.
"My house."
"Where's Mrs.—Jasmine?"
"She's coming. Just reuniting with Benedict."
"Benedict? Who's Benedict?" I asked.
  Lucien chuckled. "Jasmine's mate. My brother-in-law." He explained. 
I looked down, memorizing the carpet steps he took up to what I was guessing was the second floor of his large house. I refrained from squirming—I didn’t want him to see how uncomfortable I was.
 "Does every wolf have a mate?" I asked instead.
"Yep. It's hard to find them, though, so when they do, a wolf, especially a male, is very protective of him or her." Lucien said, his grip tightening as he spoke.
"Can a girl mate with a girl?" I asked, simultaneously planning my escape if this position went downhill.
"Yes. The pack doctor, Lucinda, her mate is a girl: Wren." Lucien replied patiently. 
 I hummed but didn't say anything. The warmth he emanated was tempting, burning away any negative thoughts I had and replacing them with the urge to bury myself closer to him—to steal whatever heat he had left. 
 Shifting me in his arms, Lucien pushed open a large oak door close to the end of the hallway and walked in, slamming the wood shut with his foot. He took a glance at the place before setting me down on my feet, his arms still gripping my waist.
"Whose room is this?" I asked. I clutched his arm for balance, hoping it didn't bother him.
"My room," Lucien answered. "I want you with me all the time. I don't want you getting hurt."
"Hurt from what?"
Lucien took a moment to reply, debating in his head. "...Things," he finally decided. He spread his hand around the grey room, leaning on the doorpost. "Take as much time as you need. It's your room now too." He said. 
 My room?
 My room?
 I never had a room to my own before—or, at least with less than four roommates. A tiny part of me wanted to ask him if I could have my own bedroom, but his ominous answer to my previous question forced the words to die on my tongue. If anything, I’d rather have someone to protect me than die alone and with nobody to mourn me while I bled out…
 Carefully, I padded towards the open balcony, looking down at the mix of bright lights and the order of the long, dark houses. A few children were still playing on the streets, lights flickering on in the center of the pack, where most of the shops and stalls were.
 The room was a mix of grey colors, which almost made me believe Lucien read Fifty Shades of Grey, one too many times. The bed was a king-sized one, with a dark headboard and many fluffy pillows. The mattress was smooth underneath my fingertips, and the white door next to it was the bathroom, which I decided to check out later.
Apart from that, there was a large T.V on a wall across from his room along with some bookshelves and DVDs of more Disney and romance movies than I could count! He had a desk too, but I don't think he used it much, from the looks of the polished face.
 "Do you like it?" Lucien spoke from the door. 
 I can’t lie, I thought, a small smile lighting my face. It is a pretty cool room. 
 I turned to him, a giddy smile on my face. "Like it?! Your room is incredible, Lucien! I had to share with like, six five-year-old in the orphanage!" 
 Lucien's smile faltered for a moment, but just as quickly as it did, it reappeared.
"Remember, Raleigh, this is your room too now." Lucien reminded me, and my stomach fluttered. I purposefully left that out, just to see his reaction. I'm glad he said that. It was becoming easier and easier to talk to him, even though I only knew him for less than a day. Maybe this was what happened when werewolves found their mates...
"Will you sleep here too?" I asked, walking over to him.
  Lucien seemed surprised by my question, and his cheeks turned an adorable shade of pink. I didn't think guys could blush, but I guess I was wrong. It suited him.
"Only if you want me to. I don't want to make you uncomfortable." He mumbled shyly, avoiding my eyes.
 I bit my lip, then nodded, knowing my action drew his immediate attention. It’s weird—like he can smell the blood that comes out when I accidently rip my lip’s skin.
 "I'd like that. I—as babyish as it sounds—don't like sleeping alone." I said, embarrassed. 
 The crinkle of Lucien's jeans brought my attention up and I saw him crouch in front of me, just like he did at school.
"It's nothing to be embarrassed about." He said. "I'll gladly stay with you if it makes you feel better."
  I smiled. "Thank you.” Please don’t let this be a mistake and he turns out to be some psycho axe murderer at night!
 Lucien's mouth curved into a smile and he took my hand, leading me to the bathroom.
 It was just as large as the bedroom, with both a shower and a bathtub, along with a marble sink and mirror. I glanced helplessly around the room, my grip on Lucien's hand tightening. It reminded me of an asylum, a place I had been threatened to be placed in more than once.
"Now what?" I asked. 
 Lucien's eyes flickered and his lips parted, looking down at me. "Did you shower already?" He asked. 
 I shook my head. "No... I don't have any clothes to change into." I said. 
 Lucien lifted me onto the counter and pushed my body back slightly. "Stay here," he ordered, not like I had a choice anyway. He left the room and soon returned with a white shirt that was obviously too big for me and a pair of boxers.
His boxers.
My face flamed, and I made a squeak. 
 Lucien chuckled, dropping the clothes on the counter. "Don't worry. This is only temporary...unless you like them." 
 He mumbled the last bit, but somehow, I still heard him, and that only tightened the knot in my stomach. He helped me down, lifting me from under my arms and onto the ground.
"Do you need help getting undressed?" He asked again, his expression unreadable.
"No. I... just need help with my pants." I blushed, and I'm pretty sure Lucien was too.
"Well...it's too late to have Cindy help you..." he muttered. "If it's alright, I'll help you with them. I’ll close my eyes, I promise. Just call me when you're done, okay?" 
 No, no it is not alright, mister, I thought, even though I found myself nodding. With a final glance at me, Lucien left the bathroom, closing the door with a click.
 Once he was gone, I let out a breath I didn't know I had been holding. My chest heaved and my legs wanted to collapse so badly. In only one day, a man I had never met in my life had my heart doing marathons. And surprisingly, he felt the same way.
  I worried my lip as I undressed, only pausing to brush my teeth with a toothbrush Lucien had brought for me.
 I rushed in the shower, remembering how mad David, Lexi's ex, would get when I spent too much water. As I was drying myself, I took a glance at how I looked in the smokey mirror.
 Pink and tan scars littered all over my body. My legs were skinny and unshaven, not that it mattered on my brown skin. My arms were the size of sticks and had bumps all up to my elbows. My face was puffy from the shower and my hair all dewy and ruffled. What did Lucien see in me? What did he want in me?
"Raleigh? Are you okay?" Lucien knocked on the door, his voice worried. 
 I gasped, almost dropping the towel. "Y-Yes. I'm fine!" I replied. Quickly, I slipped the oversized shirt on my body, the V-neck drooping just below my cleavage. I turned to my underwear, glaring at it.
"Hm... I definitely can't ask Lucien to help me put these on." I mumbled to myself, unconsciously pressing my legs together, an old habit to stop shivering. I looked around the bathroom until a small piece of rope caught my eye. I don't know what it was used for, but I tied one side to the rim of my underwear and pulled them up to my waist, untying the rope and tossing it back to where it was. 
 Unfortunately, I couldn't do the same with Lucien's boxers.
"Lucien?" I poked my head out cautiously from the bathroom door.
  Lucien, who was lounging on the bed with his phone, turned immediately to me, his golden eyes alert.
"You ready?" He asked. He sat up on the bed and I nodded, walking out of the bathroom and handing him the shorts. 
True to his word, Lucien did close his eyes. He bent down from his waist and I gripped the back of his shirt to stabilize myself as I lifted each of my feet. He smelled good, I realized. Like raspberries and cream. I frowned. 
"Did you shower already?" I questioned softly. 
 Lucien hummed, sitting up as he pulled the boxers to my waist, removing his hands from my hips quickly. He opened his eyes, smiling, and my heart spiked at the way he was looking at me.
"Yeah. I went into Jasmine's room...well, old room, I suppose," He said quietly. He moved over on the bed, watching me as I pulled myself on top of the white sheets. 
 I wanted to tell him to look away; I felt embarrassed with how jerkily I climbed onto the bed, but when I looked up, Lucien was watching me again with curiosity, not disgust.
"Sorry for making you use your sister's bathroom," I mumbled.
"Don't be sorry. You did nothing wrong. I'll stay with you when you're ready." Lucien said calmly, and I wondered just how long he'd wait for me, not knowing how long I would make him, how long it would take for me to love myself? How long would Lucien's...feelings for me last? Another woman could easily tone his hunger here and now, so why wait for me?
"Raleigh," Lucien's voice was firm, his eye color morphing from gold to black. "I don't want you thinking like that about yourself. Do you remember what I told you?"
 I nodded, swallowing. "I-I'll try." I murmured, even though something still burned inside of me. He wasn't in my shoes, and he never would be. Why was I agreeing with him?
 And how the hell did he read my mind?
 Lucien's jaw tightened, but he nodded regardless, turning around to switch the lights off. The room was immediately thrown into darkness, save the lights spilling in from the moon on the balcony. 
Lucien and I laid together quietly, a few feet apart, neither of us speaking nor sleeping. Simply basking in the silence that had enveloped us.
 Finally, Lucien spoke up.
"Before we go out tomorrow, I want to take you to the pack doctor, just for a check-up, and so she can tell me what I need to do to help you," Lucien said. 
Eyes closed, I hummed in response and shuffled on the bed. "Lucien?"
"Hm?"
"How come you're so old? I thought werewolves weren't immortal?"
 Lucien's breath hitched, and for a second, I was worried I'd said something wrong. However, when I felt his fingers intertwine with mine, the fear in me dissipated.
"I'll tell you later. Go to sleep for now," he murmured. He sounded reluctant, like he wanted to tell me, but now, we both had something to hide. A secret we wanted to keep. And one day, I'd tell him all about it.
One day.


Lucien: Chapter 6
 There's nothing like waking up to the beautiful sight of your mate in the morning.
 The hazy sunlight dripped through my open window, prying the blinds open, and I felt Raleigh stir in bed beside me. Cracking an eye open, I turned to my side, where I had somehow spooned her against me, her tiny frame practically covered by mine.
 Caspian snarled in my head, apparently as moody as he always is.
 Why are you leaving her?! He whined. Stay with mate! 
 I chuckled. I'm only getting up to close the blinds, Caspian. Don't worry. I assured him.
 Caspian gave a low growl in my head. Okay, He muttered, seemingly dozing back to sleep. But make it quick. Want to be with mate. 
 I rolled my eyes. Understood, Dad, I teased. 
  He snapped at me but didn't further comment.
  I gently pried Raleigh's tiny body from mine, surprised at how easily she had buried herself into me. She was, however, a light sleeper; something I had misjudged.
 "Lucien...?" She questioned; her voice still groggy from sleep. She turned on her back, her eyes cracking open. I missed her warmth, but I doubted she knew she had slept so close to me last night. If she did, I suppose she was too embarrassed to say anything about it.
 "I'm still here, Raleigh. I'm only getting up to close the blinds," I murmured. 
 Raleigh immediately relaxed, and I realized what wonders the mate bond did.
 "Okay," she murmured, turning on her side to give me some space to get out of the bed. 
 I didn't, though. 
 For a few moments, I just stared at her. I stared at the peaceful, beautiful girl lying next to me on my once empty bed. I had been sobered for a few good centuries, but I had been close a couple of times to going back to old habits. 
 Having Raleigh here though, now, I knew no other girl could compare to her. Her long, ebony-colored hair, all sprawled and flowing around her pillow like a river. Her dark brown skin glowed in the morning sun, bumps, and ridges trailed all over. For some reason, I didn't mind the tiny bumps of skin all over her arms. In fact, I had more than once thought of what it would be like to trace them, to touch and feel and kiss.
No, Lucien. Not yet…
 Using whatever strength, I had left, I hefted myself from the bed and trudged over a small pile of Raleigh's clothes to the large windows. The blinds danced in the wind rolling from the open balcony, teasing me when I reached for them. 
 "What time is it?" Sleepy and rubbing her eyes, Raleigh rolled dangerously close to the side of the bed, pushing her body weight up from her elbows. 
 I smiled and walked back to our bed, crouching in front of her. "It's still early. You can sleep longer." I said softly, gazing up at her. 
 She shrugged, raising her hands above her head. I watched her movement carefully, trying to get a good glimpse of how tall her arms rose above her head.
 "I'm not tired anymore. Besides, it's morning, which means we should get up." Raleigh said. 
 I chuckled. "Okay then, we'll get up." 
 I lifted myself up from the ground and gave her my hand, which she took without a moment's hesitation. I smiled, leading her to the bathroom. I handed her a towel I had grabbed, feeling her hesitation at having me here with her pounding into me in waves.
 "I'll let you have the bathroom first. There's a couple of things I have to do. Call me if you need anything, okay?" I said, moving away from her. 
 Caspian whimpered, but Raleigh nodded gratefully. 
 "Okay. Will you help me with my pants?" She asked. 
 I nodded. "Yeah. Just call me when you're ready." I eyed the rope by the bathtub. "What's that?"
 "A... rope?" Raleigh said, her voice raising an octave higher that implied she thought I was asking a stupid question.
 "I know it's a rope. I meant what is it doing here?" I rephrased.
"I... used it yesterday to help me with my underwear." 
 I nodded, albeit a little hesitantly. Flashbacks to new reports and limp bodies flashed quickly through my mind, but I brushed them aside.  "Take your time, okay? I'll be outside."
  I didn't wait for her to answer. Pulling the shirt covered in Raleigh's scent over my head, I mind-linked Conner and Cindy to my room, shutting the bathroom door as I did so.
 "Alpha?" Conner questioned when they arrived. He was a dark-skinned wolf with brown hair and dark grey eyes and a lean physique. 
 His mate, Cindy, was tan with blonde hair and one blue eye, while the other was pure white. They both had my pack's blue streak, a symbol saying they belonged to the royal pack.
 "Anything we can help you with, Alpha?" Cindy asked, her blue eye traveling around the room. I didn't usually allow people into my room, and especially now that I had a mate, I was going to be extra cautious who I let alone with her. But Cindy was trustable…somewhat.
 "Yes, actually. As Conner might have told you, I found my mate yesterday. I need some clothes temporarily, and Logan is still in Rahway. Do you have any I could spare? They'll be washed and returned to you in one piece as soon as I can." I said, looking at Cindy. 
 She smiled. "Of course, Alpha. I believe I have something I can fit into the Luna. And congratulations." 
 Bowing her head to me, Cindy kissed Conner's cheek quickly and scampered out of my room, her werewolf speed creating a blur of blonde and pink before my eyes.
 "Alpha? What should I do?" Conner asked. 
 "Tell the pack about their Luna, and warn them about the consequences of harming her," I said, though I knew the majority of my pack would welcome their Luna with open arms...excluding a few.
 "Should I request a meeting with Alpha Gregory as well? In regards to the Luna's...medical issues?" Conner asked, hesitating.
  A small growl slipped my mouth and I nodded. Conner bowed and left just as Cindy returned with some clothes. I only had a minimal amount of time to make sure they were appropriate for my mate before I heard her voice through the door.
 "Lucien?" She questioned.
 "Yes? Coming!" I called. I snatched the clothes from Cindy and walked around the bed, knowing her eye was on me. Opening the door, a crack, I poked my head inside, my heart dropping when I realized she was still in her towel. 
 Raleigh looked up at me from the ground she was originally looking down at. "Oh! You're still here!" She said. She shuffled a few feet away from the door, either to let me get in or to shield herself from me as much as possible.
  I frowned, helping her with the jean shorts Cindy gave, closing my eyes just like I had done the night before. "Of course, I am. Why would you think I left you?" I asked, moving my eyes to anywhere except her frame. 
 Raleigh opened her mouth to answer, but seemed to think better of it and closed it, turning away instead. I sighed, more frustrated at myself than at her. I should have pressed when I had the chance.
 "It's okay," I said instead. "We'll talk about it when you're ready."
  I could sense Raleigh's erratic heartbeat calming and she sent a grateful smile my way. I could only nod, helping her into the cropped purple hoodie Cindy gave me. As I was tying the jacket around her waist, Raleigh suddenly giggled.
 "What's so funny?" I asked, looking up at her. 
 She smiled, and I smiled as well, still unsure what we were smiling about but loving the way she made me feel with her lips.
 "Purple's my favorite color. How did you know?" She asked. 
  I shrugged, standing up. "I didn't know. Cindy, Conner's mate, and the Gamma female brought these clothes for you. Would you like to meet her?" 
 "Sure. If you trust her, then I shouldn't be afraid of her." Raleigh said, shrugging.
 Caspian spoke in my head. She trusts your judgment, He said. She's opening up. 
 My grin widened, and I didn't even bother to answer Caspian. I knew he could feel what I was feeling.
 "Thank you for trusting me," I murmured, my heart swelling. Taking her hand, I led her back into our bedroom, where Cindy still stood idly, her head moving comically around the room. Conner had returned by then, seemingly trying to control Cindy from touching anything.
 "Conner, Cindy, this is Raleigh, my mate, and your Luna. Raleigh, that's Conner, my Gamma, and Cindy, his mate." 
 Cindy squealed and clapped her hands to her cheeks while Raleigh waved shyly. 
 Conner and I stepped back, giving the girls their space. I took a sharp glance at Raleigh, chuckling when she mouthed 'Save me'. I rolled my eyes, winking at her, and turning away. She'd live
 "Did you get in touch with Greg?" I asked. 
 Conner nodded, his eyes flickering to the girls. "Yes. He said he'd gladly come over tomorrow. He wanted to talk about something else, but he didn't specify to me, Alpha."
 "Hm..." I hummed. "Is it about Lucinda? She did a legal transfer. I saw her files myself." 
 Conner snorted. "You have to look through all the transfer files, Lucien." He said. "But I doubt it. That fling with Lucinda was way before he met Tania."  
 I pursed my lips. "Still, keep them a good distance apart from each other."
  Conner nodded. "Yes, Lucien. Should I brief the guards?"
 "Brief everyone. Greg may not fight, but I know Tania."  I grit my teeth, regret filling my body, flowing through me like molten lava. "Keep her in eye distance; keep her away from my mate." 
 Conner nodded. "Yes, Alpha."
 "Ooh! Your mate is so cute, Lucien!" Cindy squealed. 
 I snorted at the sight before my eyes. Currently, Raleigh was in a bone-crushing hug with Cindy, and she looked like she was trying very hard not to make a sound.
  Conner sighed, as if used to her behavior. "C'mon, Love. Let the Luna go." He instructed.
  Cindy pouted but did release Raleigh from her death grip. Raleigh comically gasped for air, which made me snicker and Conner chuckle. Cindy rolled her eyes, squeezing Raleigh's cheeks.
 "See you later, Luna!" She said, dragging Conner out of the room. He offered me an apologetic look and let his wife pull him away. How he dealt with Cindy Campbell on a daily basis I had no idea. I was quite content with my quiet mate. 
 I turned to Raleigh, who was still blinking and holding her cheek. "Is she alright?" 
 I laughed, tilting my head. "Yes. She's just excited to meet you. Don't worry, that won't be the last time you meet Cindy, or Conner, for that matter." I joked. 
 Raleigh groaned, but she was smiling. "I like it. I like her." She said. She shuffled on her feet, as if she was embarrassed to admit she liked Cindy. "I've never had many friends, and I didn't meet Logan until being accepted into Woodbridge High, so it's nice to be accepted." 
 My feelings surged high in my chest, like a large tsunami, and I hugged my little mate as if my life depended on it. Caspian was taking over, my eyes shifting to black color, one I knew Raleigh noticed. 
 "Lucien? Are you okay?" She asked. 
I took a deep breath and assured her that I was, forcing Caspian to retreat into the depths of my mind.
 Why won't you let me come out? She has to see me soon, Lucien, Caspian whined. 
Not yet. She's overwhelmed. This is too much for her, I snapped. 
 Caspian mewled and I became apologetic.
 I'm sorry, Caspian, I apologized. I didn't mean to snap. I'm just worried about her. That rope on the bathroom floor, do you really think it was to help her?
 Possibly, Caspian replied, for once not sarcastically or snarkily, which surprised me. But keep an eye on her. I don't want mate to be hurt.
 I'll make sure of that, I agreed, and I could feel Caspian nod in approval.
  Raleigh waved a hand in front of my glazed eyes. "Lucien?! Lucien are you okay?! What happened?" She asked, snapping my connection with Caspian.
 "I'm fine, Raleigh. I was only talking to Caspian, my wolf." I explained, leading her throughout the palace.
 "Your wolf? Like, an inner voice?" She questioned. 
 I nodded. "Yep." 
She frowned, biting her lip. 
"What is it?" I asked.
 "I also have an inner voice speaking to me. Kind of guiding me. It's probably my imagination, but now I'm not sure if I'm going crazy or something. It feels so real, though!" 
 Now it was my turn to frown. "Did he or she tell you her name?" 
 "No. She just said she'd guide me when I needed it." A pink tint covered Raleigh's brown cheeks. "And she kept her promise."
 "What did she help you with?" I asked, curious about this inner voice.
 "I asked her about you," Raleigh said, her voice a whisper, not that there was anybody else in the palace. "She said to trust you, and that you'd help me."
 I was still suspicious about this voice, but at least she was on my side. "I know it will take time for you to agree, but you can trust me, and I will help you. I will help you learn to love and accept yourself." I said. I had reached the front doors by now, opening them wide to show her around her new home.
 "Why do we have to see the doctor again?" Raleigh asked.
 "Just a mandatory check-up. Plus, she can tell me how I can help you…medically wise" I explained. I walked to the farther side of my territory, by the northern border, and knocked on Lucinda's house. 
 Opening the door, it revealed the purple-haired, pink-eyed Pack Doctor, Lucinda. She smiled warmly at me and turned her attention to Raleigh, who was suddenly very interested in my blue jacket.
 "Doc, this is Raleigh, my mate." I introduced. 
 Raleigh waved her hand shyly and Lucinda gave her a bow.
 "Pleasure to meet you, Luna." She said. She gestured for us to follow her into her office. "My wife is out of the pack at the moment, but if you should need anything, don't hesitate to ask me."
 "Um...okay. Thank you." Raleigh mumbled, a blush covering her cheeks and a shy smile on her face. In her office, I helped lift Raleigh onto the bed while Lucinda gathered her things.
 "Are you shy, Raleigh?" I teased. 
 Raleigh pushed my arm away. "No! Kinda? Only around people I don't know." She shifted on her seat "I never liked visiting the doctor's office. They always scolded me."
 "I'll make sure that doesn't happen here," I assured, plopping onto an orange seat as Lucinda neared Raleigh, who had begun to squirm again.
 "So, Luna," Lucinda flipped through Raleigh's measurement charts, creating a new folder for my mate. "I know you've probably heard this before, but you're severely underweight. Your height is also affected by this."
 "How tall is she?" I asked. 
 Lucinda scrolled down on her computer. "5'4." 
 Raleigh squirmed more and I gaped.
 "Really?" I asked. 
 Lucinda nodded. "As for weight, you are 75 pounds." Lucinda smiled sadly at Raleigh. "I won't ask, but you do need to eat more honey. We don't want you dying of starvation." 
 Looking like a kicked puppy, Raleigh bent her head and nodded.
 "Okay," She murmured.
  Lucinda sucked a deep breath, looking at me. I soon heard her voice in my head.
 Alpha? Did something happen to her? She questioned. 
 I shrugged. Honestly, I'm not sure, I replied. I just met her, but I know whatever happened before, wasn't good. 
 Lucinda nodded. "Luna?" She asked. 
 Raleigh's head shot up at her title. "Yes?" 
 My heart squeezed for her and I wished I could do something, but I knew she had to hear this—to understand there were people here to help her.
 "Luna, I won't pry into your private life, but I'm not scolding you, honey," Lucinda said. 
Raleigh's eyes widened. "Huh?"
 "I'm here to help you, okay?" Lucinda continued. "I hope you know that you can trust me. And if you're not comfortable with telling me anything, I'll ask the Alpha to speak with you. Perhaps you'd trust him more than me. Is that alright sweetie?"
  I worried my lip, hoping Raleigh would answer. Thankfully, either by force or because she wanted to, Raleigh nodded.
 "Okay. I'll try. I can't promise to say everything, though." She said, her eyes remaining cautious at Lucinda. 
 Lucinda rapidly nodded, smiling. "Of course, sweetie. Does counseling help? With me?" She asked. Raleigh's eyes flickered to me and I took a peek into her mind.
 This is costing Lucien too much money, and he doesn't even know me! I heard her think Why is he willing to spend so much?
 "The counseling is free, of course!" Lucinda added quickly, as if she could also sense Raleigh's trepidation. "As Luna, it is my duty to help you." 
 Raleigh frowned. "Duty? You're not obliged to me. It's your job." She said. 
 Lucinda only smiled and I refrained from saying anything.
 "You'll understand how much you mean to us all one day, child." She said. Turning to me, she widened her eyes slightly, signaling that we'd talk later. I nodded back, and Lucinda's full attention was once more on my mate.
 "So, I was made aware that you have Emery-Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy." 
 Glumly, Raleigh nodded. "Yeah. Me of all people!" She said bitterly. 
 "Do you want to talk about it?" Lucinda leaned on the bed; her eyebrows pinched together. "Are you comfortable with speaking about it?" 
 Raleigh almost immediately shook her head. "Don't take this the wrong way..." She began "...But I'd rather wait a bit before talking about..." 
 With my enhanced vision, I saw tears prick her eyes, and a wave of irritation crashed through me. It took me only a moment to realize it wasn't my feelings, but Raleigh's.
 I don't want her pity, or anyone else’s, Raleigh thought. 
 I clenched my jaw, realizing I had a long way to go with my little mate. To accept herself, it'd be a very long hike, yet I was willing to go with her.
 "It's alright, dear." Lucinda typed a few things onto her computer, then stood up, putting the stethoscope into her ears. She pressed the small circular part onto Raleigh's chest.
 "Breath in," She instructed. "Then breath out."
  I watched with bated breath as Raleigh and Lucinda continued the breathing practice until Lucinda seemed satisfied, rolling to her computer. She stood from the desk, gesturing for us to follow her back into the main room.
 "Alpha..." Lucinda held me back, jerking her head to Raleigh. I got the hint. Whatever she wanted to discuss with me was about Raleigh and would probably hurt her. 
 I mind-linked Cindy, who was able to convince Raleigh to go to the Gamma house to get ready for our outing later. I decided to bring Cindy along, just to help since I knew absolutely nothing about women's clothes. I'm sure she wouldn't mind. Considering her reaction to Raleigh earlier today...yeah, she wouldn't mind.
 "Is everything alright, Lucinda?" I asked once they had left.
  Lucinda took a deep breath, and my heart fell, knowing the worst was coming. "She's on the borderline of becoming depressed and possibly suicidal, Alpha," she said.
  My eyes widened almost immediately, and a sharp growl escaped my throat. "What?!" I snarled. 
 Lucinda shook her head sadly. "I suggested counseling for her so maybe I could get her self-esteem up, but judging by how introverted she was, this is going to be hard, but I'll try." Lucinda sighed. "She has a lot of pain, betrayal, hurt, and anger stored up inside her, Alpha. She's been deprived of something her life needed the most, and something happened that changed her. I don't want...something to happen." 
 My mind flashed back to the rope on the bathroom floor, and I swallowed the bile that was threatening to rise up in my throat. "Love," I spoke. "She's been deprived of love."
  Lucinda nodded solemnly. "Yes. I worried about her Alpha. She puts on a fake face and a fake smile, assuring everyone she's alright when she really isn't. Something happened, and this must stop. We—You need to help her!" 
 I stood up. "Raleigh is my mate," I said fiercely. "When I brought her here, I promised to protect her and love her for eternity. To make her mine for life, no matter who she was. I intend to keep that promise."
  A little proudly, Lucinda nodded. "Good, Alpha. You have learned much since you were young." She teased. 
 I flushed. "What can I say?" I asked. "People change."
  She nodded, clearing her throat. "Anyway, now that we have that settled," She looked at her tablet "Does every Friday from 5 to 6 sound good?"
  I nodded. "Okay. I'm sure I can convince Raleigh." I frowned. "I have to teach her to speak her mind. To make sure she knows it's alright to disagree with people for her comfort."
  Lucinda smiled "Good." She said. "Now, since she has MD, Emery Dreifuss of that matter, which is rare for females, there are some precautions you have to take."
 "Like what?"
 "Well, she should be able to tell you some, depending on what makes her comfortable. Comfort is our priority here. She has scoliosis, so probably a spinal fusion could help." Lucinda hummed. "For now, just stretching her legs and arms will be good. Try to release those tight hamstrings and tendons, since, as you saw, they were very tight."
  I hummed. "So... I just have to stretch?" I asked. 
 Lucinda nodded. "Yep. That's it. Whatever else Raleigh will tell you. The rest is up to her comfort level with you."
"Okay, but what exactly is Muscular Dystrophy?" I asked. “I mean, I know she’s the same as my mom, but…I never really understood what kind of disability it was…” I felt sheepish.
Lucinda didn’t seem to be judgmental about my lack of knowledge on the subject, though, despite me having grown up with it in my house. "Good question. Well, to start off, Muscular Dystrophy is usually a disease that affects the growth of muscles, causing them to weaken over time, and possibly, cause death. This is not in the Luna's case, but it is genetically contracted, which means that someone in her generation had it and the recessive gene passed down to her."
"What difficulties does she face?"
"Well, it all depends on the severity of the Muscular Dystrophy. From what I've seen with Raleigh, she has issues bending, holding her weight, walking long distances; among many things." 
 "What's the spinal fusion?" I asked. 
 Lucinda frowned, checking her tablet. "Spinal fusion...? Ah! It's to release the back muscles and straighten her back to the best of her ability, which basically means how much her body can take. It's not a very easy surgery, but there are no high risks, and it would help her." 
 I hummed, thoughtful. "Can I speak to Raleigh about it? Maybe later, when she's more comfortable with me." I suggested. 
 Lucinda nodded, frowning. "Of course!" She said. "Just let me know. Tell the Luna I'll see her next Friday!" 
 "Okay. Thank you, Lucinda." 
 Leaving her house, I felt like a weight had been lifted from my chest. Now I knew a tiny bit more about my mate, and even if we had a long way to go, I knew I'd have forever with her. Forever for our life, our future, our love, our family.
 I had forever to help her, to love her, and help her love herself.
 Right?


Raleigh: Chapter 7
 "Aaaand...there!" Cindy tugged on my hair as she finished doing whatever she was doing with it. 
 I frowned, hesitantly reaching up to touch my soft locks. "What did you do?" I asked. 
 Cindy swirled the swivel chair around and grinned at me. "I braided your hair, silly! Wow! You look so pretty like this!"
 I frowned, flipping my hair so my braid rested on my shoulder. I petted the plaited strands carefully as not to wreck her hard work. It all happened so quickly—Cindy…Lucinda…Lucien. Suddenly, it felt like everything that had happened before was a blur, like an old movie. One moment, I’m shuffling on a medical bed with Lucinda and Lucien, and the next, I’m sitting in awkward silence with Cindy while she toyed with my hair, trying to make it look nice for the trip later. Against my best wishes, my stomach got butterflies at the thought of spending quality time with Lucien.
Your mate, the voice in my head whispered. 
 I scoffed. Whatever you say, I said, wondering for a brief moment how crazy I was becoming. First werewolves, then this voice—not like it hadn’t already been there. If it hadn’t been for the pinch of the clips against my neck, I would have continued to ponder my decent into insanity and have forgotten completely about Cindy. I turned to her, only to find her reaching for a flower hair-clip. 
 I raised my eyebrow. "What's that for?" 
 Cindy reached over her large white vanity and clipped the large flower in the middle of my top braid, smiling at her masterpiece.
 "There. Now it's complete." She turned the chair towards her mirror, grinning expectantly at me. "What do you think?"
 I followed her gaze, scowling. My bangs, which were parted with my hairline, fell on either side of my face and some around my eyelids. The rest of my hair was braided and pulled back perfectly with a flower on top.
But that's not what I focused on.
 When I looked into the mirror, all I saw was a dirty, rejected girl from a broken, shattered family. All I saw were the words I was told to believe—fat. Ugly. Unworthy of being loved. All I saw were the scars drawing misshapen lines on my neck. All I saw was my round face and small, but noticeable, extra chin. 
What did Lucien see in me?
 I felt my throat bob with the influx of negative emotions suffocating my body and under the table, my hands clenched into tight fists. 
 Cindy, who had been gazing at me silently, must've sensed my mood shift. She picked me up, easily, and sat me on her and Conner's bed. My mind went crazy, wondering what exactly I was sitting on. What memories had been made, and done, here? 
 "So... I heard you're going shopping with the Alpha. Are you excited?" She asked after a slight moment of hesitation. 
 I shrugged, feeling some of the prickles of anxiety melt away. Truly, I was very excited to get to know Lucien more, despite that tugging feeling in my chest that made me want to bask in him—every part of him. It was unreasonable and weird. I had only known him for maybe a day? I certainly couldn’t be feeling for him already, could I? My chest tightened, and I struggled to think of something to say to her.
 "Yeah. I'm really excited to get to know him more. Also..." I faltered, unwilling to admit my growing feelings for Lucien. I knew I was feeling for him—I'd felt that feeling before. Felt it for Aiden, for Nicholas. But they were only temporary, and this flickering, uplifting feeling that I was feeling for Lucien—I didn't want to lose that. It didn’t want to let go, either.
 "You're falling for Lucien, aren't you?" Cindy asked, her tone sounding as though it was obvious. 
My eyes widened, but when I opened my mouth to object, all I could manage was a small, weak, "How...?" 
 Cindy waved her hand, chuckling. "It was easy to guess from that look on your face, Luna!" She admitted.
  I frowned. "What look?"
 "Whenever you think of the Alpha, you get really flushed and your gaze becomes unfocused. Your mouth-parts and the stiffness in your posture relaxes immediately." Cindy explained. 
 My eyebrows shot up. Not even a day and this girl already had me figured out? Also, did I really get flushed when thinking about him? I didn’t feel anything…yeah, my eyesight got fuzzy, but…
"Yeah...you're right...but—!" I sighed, wringing my hands. How do I tell her what I want to say? There doesn’t seem to be any proper words, which was startling to me, considering I had been on track to getting into AP English again.
  Frowning, Cindy reached over our connected knees, taking my small, shaking hands into her pale ones. 
 I looked down, by instinct, and stopped shaking.
 "Raleigh, this isn't about your disability, is it?" Cindy asked, her voice oozing with sympathy. 
  I clenched my jaw, shaking my head no, but I knew she could read past that. Not even a day and she was already judging my feelings by my disability. Everyone who had met me pitied me. It made me mad. It made me feel weak, and I hated feeling weak. Feeling like a-a burden.
"And if it is?" I snapped, narrowing my eyes to squeeze the tears back. I didn't mean for it to come out rudely, but I was so tired with people treating me as if I was weak. I finally meet a new group of people—werewolves for the matter, and already, I’m just some crippled teenager who happens to be the…mate of their Alpha? At least Lucien didn't treat me like a porcelain object...yet.
 "Raleigh," Cindy commanded sternly. "Raleigh, listen to me." 
  Struggling to control my trembling jaw, I reluctantly looked up into her piercing blue eye.
  She squeezed my hands, holding them to keep me from looking away or running. 
 "Raleigh, you are not weak, okay? You are a beautiful, intelligent, young girl with a long life ahead of herself." Cindy took a deep breath. "I know—and Lucien's probably told you—but we're all here for you. Whatever our Luna wants, needs, we give. We serve."
 "That's the thing!" I burst. "I feel like I'm being a burden! Not only to you but to Lucien also! I—!" 
 I was cut off with the door opening, the delicious scent of strawberries wafting to my nose. My breath caught in my throat and immediately, I felt like a spoonful of Lexi’s condensed milk had been gently fed to me, slithering down my throat and pooling in my stomach.
 Lucien strolled through the door, the frown on his face replaced by a bright smile when I met his eyes. 
 I calmed my beating heart, slipping on my mask once again. From the corner of my eye, I caught Cindy eyeballing the way Lucien was presumably looking at me. Her shoulders tensed, and she removed her hand from mine.
 "Well, that was fun.” She said, beaming. “I’ll see you later, Luna.”
 Lucien stopped her. "Actually, I was wondering if you'd like to join us, Cindy, since I know almost nothing about girls' clothing," he muttered.
  For an Alpha, I definitely wasn’t expecting him to be this…lax, I thought giggling. He smiled at me.
  Cindy rolled her eyes at us, even when she was smiling. "Of course, I'll come help, if that's alright with you, Luna?" 
 I nodded vigorously since I too didn't know what I as a woman had to wear. I mean, I knew the basics of a shirt, bra, underwear, and pants, but apart from that, not much. And what if the werewolves had a specific dress code?
 "Of course! I'd like for you to help!" I said. 
 "Okay. I'll see you downstairs in five!" She replied, but she was already looking to Lucien. 
 "Sure. Come on, Raleigh. We'll go wait downstairs for Cindy." He nodded to Cindy, taking my hand and leading me out of the room.
  The Gamma house was smaller than the Alpha and Beta house, probably because the Gamma came third. The walls were a beige color and the doors a plain white. The corridors were big though, stretching probably as far as the Alpha house. My eyes flickered to Lucien, who looked deep in thought.
 "Lucien?"
 "Hm? Yeah?" Lucien snapped out of whatever daze he was in and turned to look at me, his golden orbs plainly on my eyes, and nowhere else. His eyes reminded me of fire—warm, yet dangerous.
 "Was everything okay with the doctor?" I asked. 
 Surprised, Lucien nodded. "Yes. She just said to bring you for counseling of Friday's. Does five to six sound good?" He asked.
  I nodded, deciding to give Lucinda's therapy a try. Maybe it'd help me?
 "Yeah. Lucien?"
 "Hm?"
 "Can I tell you something?" I asked. Lucien nodded, tucking a few stray strands of hair behind my ear, toying with my earring.
 "What is it?" 
 "I... think I trust you?" There! I said it! 
 Lucien's eyes widened, his lips parting and his cheeks-tinged pink. "H-Huh?" He seemed to not believe me, so I spoke again, this time much more confident.
 "I think I trust you," I said wearily. Lucien's eyes lit up. "I said, I think! I'm still deciding...but—" I looked straight into Lucien's eyes before I chickened out "I'm deciding on trusting my gut instinct this time. I don’t know what to think of you, and it’s weird of me to say this so early in a…relationship, I guess? There’s something about you that jus draws me in and makes me want to spill everything out to you. And, I guess, since I’ll be staying with you…you deserve that much. But...please don't be upset if I'm not comfortable revealing anything yet!" 
 For a few seconds, maybe minutes, everything was quiet. I kept my gaze focused on the ground beneath my feet. I didn’t want to look at him—I wasn’t sure of the reaction he would have.
 Finally, I felt his fingers graze my chin tipping my head back up to him, his eyes glazed over, but this time with tears? Reflex took over me from all my years of living with small children, and I pressed my small hands onto his cheeks, wiping his tears.
 "I'm sorry," I said. "I didn't mean to make you upset." 
 Lucien shook his head, wiping his eyes and making them dry immediately, though they still held that same emotion that they always held for me.
 "I'm not, Raleigh. On the contrary, I'm so happy!" Lucien lifted me into his arms, a first, and spun me around. I laughed, holding onto his shoulders. "I'm glad you're trying to trust me, Raleigh. I promise we all will help you. We’ll—I’ll always be there for you!"
 "I keep feeling like it's your pack's obligation though," I admitted. 
 "Obligation to what?" 
 "Obligation to help me. I don't want them to feel pressured by it. They don't have to help me if they don't want to." I said, albeit less confident than I once felt. By then, we had reached the Alpha house—Lucien's house.
  Lucien frowned. "There is no obligation. The pack loves you. They need a Luna—they care for their Luna..." he paused, humming. "Think of a Luna as the pack's mother. She tends to the pups, checks in with the pack members, and is equal to the Alpha. She steers him in the right direction and works as his other half. She's just as important as he is."
  My heart suddenly felt very much lighter, I smiled—a real smile. Somehow, surprisingly, I believed every word Lucien had spoken, which scared me. He could take advantage of that any second. 
 I didn’t say anything, so quietly, we walked up the porch steps together. I leaned on one of the banisters and Lucien took a relaxed position on the steps, his eyes alert and surveying the land around him. From a distance, I observed him—how straight and poised he sat, ready to pounce at any second. His muscles were contracted and caused thick veins to push against his skin. The way I saw it, he looked just like any hot, college frat boy whom all the girls fawned over when they weren’t dancing at parties.
 Yes, it's true. I found Lucien extremely good looking. How could I not, especially with that sandy blonde hair of his and his Cheshire cat smile. His golden eyes that held so much promise and devotion. He was still a puzzle to me, a puzzle I had yet to solve, but quite frankly, I didn't care.  
As we were waiting for Cindy to get ready (seriously, she takes forever), two kids tumbled past Lucien and me, growling and play-fighting with each other. I turned questioningly to Lucien, who smiled and winked at me, walking over to the two...pups, I think he called them. Made sense, since they were technically dogs.
 "Avery! Ananya!" Lucien called. Immediately, the two pups turned from their squabbling to him and eagerly ran to Lucien's open arms. I watched from afar, a smile making its way to my face as they jumped up and down excitedly, narrating something to Lucien, who was nodding and laughing with them. He led them over to me, and their eyes widened.
 "Raleigh, this is Avery and his sister, Ananya. Avery and Ananya, this is Raleigh, my mate, and your Luna." Lucien introduced.
  I didn't even get a chance to wave before the two pups pounced on me, hounding me with questions.
  Lucien laughed and I stumbled briefly, trying to catch both pups while containing my own laughter. They reminded me so much of my best friends from the orphanage. I always loved children, and I always hoped to have some of my own.
 "You're the new Luna?" Avery questioned. He was taller than his sister by a couple of inches, with shaggy brown hair and vibrant blue eyes. He wore an Avengers shirt and slacks that were coated in dirt, although it didn’t look like he cared very much.
 "Yes, I am." I said, noting Lucien's proud smile "Who are you?" 
 Avery's chest puffed. "I'm Avery." He said. He pointed to the other girl, who was looking expectantly at my foot. "And that's my little sister, Ananya." 
 Ananya, who had squirmed out of my arms, touched my shoe carefully, almost immediately looking back up at Lucien, as if she'd done something wrong. 
  Lucien chuckled, picking her up and placing her in my arms. He ruffled her dark hair and her green eyes squeezed shut.
 "You didn't do anything wrong Ananya. It's okay to touch her." He placated. 
 Ananya gurgled, and Avery held his arms up. Getting the hint, Lucien set Avery down took Ananya, placing her in her big brother's arms.
 "Avery doesn't want Ananya to mate, isn't that right, Avery?" He teased, his muscles flexing as he dropped his hands to his hips. 
 Avery shook his head stubbornly and I couldn’t help but giggle at how adorable he was.
 "No! She's my sister. Only mine!" He said, almost angrily. He paused, his eyes glazing over, then took off in a run, waving only a slight goodbye to Lucien and me.
 "Nice to meet you, Luna!" He yelled. "Miss. Delilah is looking for me!"  
 I barely heard him though, catching a quick glimpse at his blurry figure as it disappeared, starstruck. "Wow! He runs fast, for a pup." 
  Lucien smirked, nodding. "He's cute. So is his sister. I love all the pups here." He smiled at me "And it seemed to me that he loved you too." 
 I flushed. "I'm glad. He was soo cute! And so was Ananya!" I cooed. 
 Lucien smiled at me longingly, his gaze capturing mine. 
 My stomach fluttered and as he opened his mouth to speak, Cindy's breathless voice reached my ears and I turned to look behind me.
 "Hey! Sorry, I'm late Alpha, Luna. Conner came back early from his run and—!" Her pale face reddened and I giggled. Lucien raised an amused eyebrow.
 "Yes, thank you for indulging us in your unimportant sex life Cindy. Now, we should be going..." 
 Cindy glared at Lucien. "Haha, very funny, Alpha. I would usually say some choice French words back, but since the Luna is new and all, I'll refrain...this time!" 
 She began to walk away, and with a laugh, I followed, Lucien, trailing behind us.
 "That girl, I swear." He muttered.
  I shook my head fondly. "I like her," I said. "She's funny." 
 "I'm glad," Lucien said, intertwining our fingers, sparks trickling across my skin. I shivered, and the sudden realization dawned over me that I had no money to spend on clothes.
 "Lucien?"
 "Hm?"
 "I... don’t have any money..."
 "So?"
 "How will I buy clothes?"
 "I will."
 "What!" I blurted.
  Lucien frowned. "Yes, I will. And don't you dare say no Raleigh. You are my mate. You deserve whatever you want, whenever you want. And I will give it all to you, no matter what." He said sternly, leaving no room in his voice for debate.
  I sighed. "Okay," I said, defeated. "But that doesn't mean I feel good about it. I have to find a way to pay you back somehow…?"
  Lucien shrugged, walking over to a large black car that Cindy was already ogling.
 "You don’t have to pay me back for anything. I don’t have anything to spend this money on except you, Raleigh. I want to do this. And I know this may take some getting used to, but I promise, we’ll have all the time in the world." 
 Silently, I nodded. I didn't need time to understand my feelings for Lucien—I knew what I felt. I knew I felt something for him. I just needed him. I needed him to make my final decision. As for the pack, accepting that I don't have to worry about the cost of money anymore, and the fact that a group of more than 50,000 people was willing to do anything for me—yeah, that I would need time with.
 "C'mon!" Cindy called, already checking out the unlocked car. "This hot ride won't drive itself!" 
 Lucien rolled his eyes. "I'm already regretting this decision." He muttered, bringing another laugh out of me.
  I slipped into the car by Cindy, Lucien only leaning in to buckle my seat-belt. Then, he got into the driver's seat of the car, flipping the rearview mirror.
 "Ready?" He asked.
  Cindy squealed in response and I nodded, comically widening my eyes for fun.
  Lucien laughed, starting the car up.
 Shopping with the Alpha, here I come.
~*~
 The mall we drove to was a relatively small mall. The parking lot wasn't as packed as I thought it would be, which was a good thing. The whole place was a dark beige color, kinda like Cindy's wallpaper.
  We parked closer to the entrance and walked inside, the heated fan from above blasting me with a sharp, heavy wave of a mixture of heat. I grimaced, closing my eyes as we entered the mall.
  Lucien turned to Cindy. "So...as a girl...do you have any ideas on where to start?" He asked.
  Cindy hummed, eyeballing me so much that I squirmed and my grip on Lucien's large hand tightening. She smiled, snapping her fingers.
 "Underwear." She said, making both Lucien and I blink. "What? We need underwear for you before we buy anything else! They’re the most important piece of clothing!" 
 Shrugging, I looked up at Lucien only briefly before following Cindy, tugging him with me. 
 The shop we were in, JCPenney, had a multitude of clothes. So many that it looked like a whole maze. How people found their way around here, I'll never know.
 As Cindy was staring down the underwear's, muttering a few things here and there, I concentrated on playing with Lucien's fingers. Weird, I know. Childish, you bet. But still, it helped calm my anxiety, and Lucien didn't mind, so who cared? I was so absorbed in bending one certain finger that I hardly noticed the stares I was receiving from a few shoppers until Lucien growled.
 "What?" I asked, dropping his hand. He grabbed it again, willing me to play with his fingers once more. I frowned, my anxiety creeping up on me again.
 "Lucien? Is something wrong?" I asked again. 
 "I don't understand why people can't mind their own business." He snarled. 
 From where she was comparing prices, Cindy rolled her eyes, inspecting a pack of like, twelve underwear? I liked them, though. They were all soft, and in different colors too!
 "That's what we call nosy, Alpha," Cindy said, disgust dripping from her voice. She threw the pack into the cart,
 "Let them look," I said nonchalantly. "I'm tired of caring for what they think anymore."
  Lucien looked shocked. "Really?" He asked.
  I nodded, my eyes stinging. My heart clenched uncomfortably. "Years of being in the judgmental eye has taught me a bunch of things, one of them being to just ignore." 
 Lucien frowned at me, unconvinced. "Are you sure you don't care?"
 Yes "No." I said. You do "I don't care." You hate it "I don't mind it." Why lie? "I'm not lying." 
 Lucien still looked unconvinced, but Cindy had managed to steer the conversation away again by moving to the bra rack, a few packets of underwear strewn in the cart.
 "You're actually kinda big, for your age." Cindy murmured, throwing some bras into the cart. I stared after her, watching her carefully choose each piece. Some had straps on them, some didn't. Some were hard, some were floppy. Some were cotton, some were lace. They all varied.
 "That should be good enough for the underwear," Cindy said at one point, eyeing the pile of clothes she had already gotten. 
 "Okay," I said, bouncing on my heels. I once again gripped Lucien's hand, more for balance now than for play, bending his fingers as Cindy pushed the cart towards the clothes section. My eyes widened and my heart race accelerated as we neared, the variety of cloth colors, sizes, designs, and types racing through my eyes. Lucien squeezed my hand and Cindy smirked, noticing the gleam in my eyes.
 "You like shirts, don't you?" She asked. 
 I nodded. "When I was younger, I used to go with my caretaker, Lexi, to the thrift stores and help her chose shirts for the toddlers. When we were done, she would take me to the girl’s isle and let me look through the different shirts there. They always had different themes, messages, or patterns on them, which was really what I liked to look at.”
 Lucien smiled and he let go of my hand, gesturing to the racks of clothing.
 "Pick whatever you like." He said. 
 "Really? Whatever?" I asked, now forgetting my earlier hesitation.
  Lucien nodded, his eyes shining as he gave me a gentle push towards the racks.  "Whatever you want, Raleigh." He repeated. 
 Cindy nodded airily, already drifting towards the pants. With one last glance towards Lucien, I sped off, going aisle after aisle, looking at clothing after clothing. There were so many of them—ones with sequins, ones with inspirational messages, all in different colors of the rainbow!
  I took whatever I found cheapest and the coolest. Lucien joined me after a while, all the while keeping an eye on Cindy. She had bought a few things for herself already, and the only person who didn't buy anything was Lucien.
 "Aren't you going to buy anything?" I asked. I was looking at a shirt and I was going to leave it, for the price was too high, but Lucien picked it up and put it in the cart, not even glancing my way. 
 "Not really. I'm just enjoying watching you have fun." Lucien said. Whereas I was once looking at a funny cat shirt, I turned back at Lucien, who was suddenly behind me, his eyes glowing.
 "You look extremely gorgeous when you're excited," He said, his voice deeper. I blushed despite myself, my heart lifting again.
 "Thank you," I said, which surprised me again. Usually, I'd try and dissuade him from saying so, but...was I believing him?
 "Got some clothes, Raleigh?" Cindy asked, sauntering back up to us.
  I smiled widely, nodding. Lucien chuckled, ruffling my hair.
 "I sure did!" I said. 
 Cindy shook her head fondly. "You're so cute when you're excited, Luna," She said.
 "Raleigh."
 "Hm?"
 "I want you to call me Raleigh," I repeated.
  Cindy blinked, then looked up at Lucien, probably for permission. 
 Lucien shrugged, smiling at me. "Whatever your Luna says," He said. 
 Cindy grinned, jumping up and down. "It's a deal...Raleigh." She said. 
 We walked over to the counter to pay, and as we were leaving to go to Lucien's car, both his and Cindy's eyes glazed over. I didn't pay much attention to it this time, only playing idly with his fingers once more. They were much bigger than mine, and soft on top, but hard and calloused underneath.
  I had almost gotten another finger to twist correctly when Lucien's grip on my hand tightened. He, in his haste, opened the car door and practically shoved me inside. 
 Fear and panic coiled inside of me and Cindy was at my side in a second, looking as panicked as Lucien.
 "What?" I asked, gripping her for dear life. "What happened?" Cindy and Lucien looked at each other, and Lucien nodded gravely. Cindy turned to me, worry etched in her eyes as she spoke.
 "Rogues."


Lucien: Chapter 8
 Of course, my day always had to get ruined by something.
 I was actually having a good day for once! For once! I agreed to let Cindy come shopping with us, which I know made Raleigh happy. She, somehow, isn't scared of me...at least, not as much as Conner is.
 I didn't really mind it. Raleigh enjoyed her company—I could feel it. It seemed that being with Cindy was the only time that Raleigh didn’t hold back—at least, not as much as she did with me. I could also feel that she was lying when she said she didn't care about the attention she attracted. She remained stiff and alert throughout the entire trip, always aware of the eyes on her. While she was uncomfortable with all the stares she received, I was jealous.
 Jealous of all the men and even women looking at my mate. Jealous at the way their eyes traveled over her body as if she was their prey. I don't know why Raleigh saw it as judgmental. If she looked closely, I guarantee she would be able to see their curious or even lustful gazes on her petite frame.
 Realizing that I had absolutely nothing I needed to buy, I observed my little mate as she assessed all the clothes at her disposal. I wasn't lying when I said I'd buy her whatever she wanted. Being an Alpha, not only, an Alpha King, came with perks like that. Before, I just had money piling up in my bank, not doing anything except collecting dust. Now, with Raleigh here, I can finally use some of that money.
As we were paying for our things and heading to my car, Raleigh idly playing with my fingers, I felt Caspian scratching desperately in my mind. I let my walls down, worry creeping through me.
Caspian? I asked. What's wrong? Is everything okay?
Something's not right at pack, Caspian snarled, his anger radiating throughout my mind. 
 I frowned. What do you mean? I asked. What's wrong?
Don't you feel it? Caspian snapped. Something, someone, is missing.
 I growled lowly, indifferent if a human heard me or not.
  Cindy turned to look at me, and with her werewolf hearing, she probably heard me. Her eye glazed over, which sometimes freaked me out, considering how deadly she looked with one blue eye already.
 Suddenly, I felt a part of me missing. Like a black-hole was slowly being created inside my chest, ripping me apart slowly—deathly slowly. 
 Cindy looked like she felt it too. Her hands clenched her bags so hard her knuckles were turning white. She grit her teeth, and Caspian began howling in my head. He could feel it, much more than any of us could. To him, it was more than just a fire. 
 To him, it was a volcano.
Alpha! Conner's frantic voice rang clear through the pack mind link.
  I stiffened; my hand unconsciously gripping Raleigh's tighter.
What's wrong, Conner? I questioned, trying hard to keep my voice level.
Alpha! Rogues! Conner all but yelled through the link. 
 I snarled. How many? I asked, already pulling Raleigh and Cindy out of the mall. I could feel Raleigh's fear through our bond as mates, and I heard Cindy trying hard to distract her. She wasn’t foolish, though. She knew something was wrong.
About three Alpha. They're from the— I heard Conner gulp. They're from the Black Wolf Pack. 
 By this time, I was already back onto the road to my pack, attempting to concentrate on the road, Conner, and Raleigh at the same time. She and Cindy were both painfully quiet behind me.
The Rogue Pack? What happened to the patrol? I asked gruffly. I could feel the rumble of my Alpha voice meshing with my regular tone.
  Conner took a few moments before answering. A patrol was there, Alpha, but they used the below-the-belt trick. They’re in the hospital now.
How many men? Women?
Rogues?
Yes. And injured.
All the rogues are men, Alpha. As for the injured— Conner hesitated.
Conner?
W-We have two dead Alpha.
"DEAD?!" I didn't mean for it to come out loudly, but Raleigh and Cindy both gasped behind me. I checked the rearview mirror to make sure they were both alright, then I continued my conversation with Conner.
Men, women, and pups. How many injured? Who died? I asked, my voice trembling. It suddenly felt difficult to control the steering wheel.
 In my mind, though, I felt Conner gain a bit of confidence because he knew now that I wasn't angry at him.
 Only a few patrol members injured, Alpha. All male. Conner replied. Women and pups are safe in the Pack House Cellar.
Did you contain the rogues? I asked.
Yes, Alpha. They're in the cells. Lucinda was able to inject some kind of drug into them.
Good. Are you okay, Conner?
 Uh...yes? Conner was blatantly lying; I could sense it.
  I growled and Conner sighed.
 Okay. I have a bruise here and there, but I'm fine. Are Cindy and the Luna okay? Are you okay, Alpha? Conner asked, diverting my worry from him to another topic. 
 I rolled my eyes. Caspian was still pacing angrily in my mind, willing me to let him out.
Yes, we're fine. We're coming soon. Now, who died? I asked.
 Conner remained quiet.
Conner?
I-I think you should come to see for yourself Alpha. I-It would do you no justice if I told you through the link, Conner murmured after a few moments. 
 That only made my anxiety increase, however. Was it Jasmine? I asked, the lump in my throat growing.
No! No, the princess is fine. She is with Sir Benedict. But... Conner sighed. Just, I can't say it. I'm not ready to accept it yet.
I'll be there soon, Conner. Can you help the pack in the meantime? I asked.
Of course, Alpha. Nobody's hurt, and the ones who were injured are doing well in the infirmary. Conner replied. 
 I nodded; thankful he was able to keep control in the pack. Good. Who was injured? I asked.
Uh...Alexander, Valentine, and Shawn.
Okay. No critical injuries?
None, Alpha.
Good. I cut the mind-link off, looking back at Raleigh and Cindy. They were both watching my back anxiously, waiting to hear the news. I thought Cindy already knew, but then I realized that Conner had mind-linked me through the Gamma link, not the pack link.
"What happened, Lucien?" Raleigh asked. She leaned over my seat at the next red light and Cindy peered closely over her shoulder. 
 I reached over the seats, steering the wheel with one hand to use the other to squeeze hers. "Rogue's broke into the pack while we were gone," I said. 
 Cindy, for the first time, was struck speechless, and Raleigh's eyes widened.
"Rogues? Like, wolves that don't have packs?" She asked. I nodded.
"Kind of. There's a pack for rogue's, called the Black Wolf Pack. It used to be a good pack until the Alpha-to-be went missing. Shortly after, the Alpha and Luna's youngest, a daughter, was drugged and kidnapped from her room. The whole pack went insane and I was forced to strip them from their rights as a proper pack. They disbanded, and the rogues invaded, taking what was once the old pack as their territory." I sighed. "It’s a shame, really, but that’s how the Rogue Pack was formed. Or, the Black Wolf Pack, if you’re going by official titles.”
"It's sad, what happened to those poor children," Cindy commented. "Were the rogues behind the attacks?" 
 I nodded. "Yes. Three rogues attacked using the below-the-belt tactic. They knocked out Valentin, Alexander, and Shawn and broke though the barrier," I snarled.
"What else happened? You paled suddenly while talking." Raleigh asked. Her large, brown eyes peered up at me and I found it hard to breathe for a short while before I could answer.
"...Two pack members are dead," I said quietly.
  It took a moment for the news to sink in, but once it did, it seemed as if the air had stilled in the car. Raleigh paled, which concerned me, considering the dark brown hue of her skin. Cindy gasped, a manicured hand covering her mouth.
"What? Who?" They both asked.
  I shrugged, reaching the pack gates. "We're going to find out."
  I waited for the girls to get out of the car, then raced to the packhouse. I decided to refrain from going in my wolf form since Raleigh had yet to see Caspian, so I ran on foot, which was still pretty fast. I could sense Raleigh and Cindy behind me, checking back once or twice to make sure my little mate was okay. Surprisingly, she was a fast runner, keeping pace with Cindy.
"Alpha!" Conner called, racing over to me as I slowed to a jog.
 He rushed worriedly to Cindy, checking her everywhere for bruises. Raleigh inched towards me, probably to give them space, and I grasped her hand, running my thumb over her pulse as I assessed the damage. Somehow, it made me feel less furious than I was. 
My pack was like a mini kingdom. A long, thick, grassy path leading up to the Alpha house, with the Beta and Gamma house on either side of the Alpha house. The Packhouse was by the Gamma house, then the regular houses filed carefully on the narrow strips of land.
Now, the grass was ripped and in shreds, all scattered around the land. There wasn't much damage, as the patrol had probably fought them on the borders. A couple of houses had broken porches or fences, and many of my pack members looked pretty shaken, but I knew we'd bounce back from this.
  Raleigh nervously played with my fingers, her eyes flickering from house to house. Her eyes were clouded over—maybe talking to that voice in her head?
  "Lucien?" She asked quietly.
  I looked down at her, squeezing her hand. "Yes?" 
  She fiddled with my thumb hesitantly. "Is it my fault this happened?" She asked. 
  I frowned, my eyebrows pinching together. "No. No of course not. This isn't your fault." I tilted my head to the side. “Why would you ever think that this was your fault?”
 "Oh. I thought because you were gone from the pack to help me..." She trailed off, her eyes dropping, then raising again to survey the pack-lands.
 "No, it's not your fault. It's the Black Wolf Pack's fault." I growled, standing up so Raleigh wouldn't hear me. "And trust me, they'll pay."
 "Alpha," Conner acknowledged me. "Luna. Are you ready to see who died?" 
 Raleigh's eyes flickered up to me, and I nodded, taking a breath to steel myself. Losing a pack member is never easy, and in all my years of life, I've seen many of my close members die in battle or from rogue attacks.
 Conner swallowed and gestured for me to follow him into the medic tent. Cindy stood behind Raleigh, her hands on her shoulders, and I had a feeling she already knew who died, from the look of her red eyes.
 Conner led us through the hastily set up bunk, murmuring to the pack members there. They nodded back and muttered a small 'Alpha' to me, having no energy to make their voices pronounced. It didn’t matter to me, though. All I wanted was to see who had laid their lives down for so many others.
 Caspian snarled at that, furious that a rogue pack had beaten us so badly. Alex, Valentine, and Shawn were luckily okay, with their mates tending to them by their sides. I thanked them for protecting the pack, and they only nodded, their eyes already hazy.
 "Make sure their wolves get enough time to heal," I instructed Tara, Valentine's mate. She relayed my message to the other two girls, and they bowed their heads to me.
 "Who will be taking over Alex's shift?" Conner asked, stopping in front of a white tarp. I hummed.
 "If they aren't okay by next week, I'll have Oliver, Hayden, and Ranveer on their shifts as temporary replacements. We should also start training some pups." I said. 
"What age, Alpha?" 
"Seventeen and above," I replied. I then frowned, gesturing to the tarp. "What's behind there?" 
 Conner gulped. "I was hoping you'd forget that was there." He mumbled.
 "What is it?" Letting go of Raleigh's hand, I moved to pull the tarp, but Conner stopped me. "Conner?"
 "Alpha...before you look, please promise me that you won't...lose control?" Conner asked, looking hesitant and scared at the same time. 
 My hard golden eyes softened and I nodded. "Okay. I'll try," I said. 
 Conner turned back to the tarp, taking a deep breath before yanking it down, dust billowing all over the room. I coughed, pushing the dust out of my face. "Conner, what the hell—?"
 "Oh my god!" Raleigh gasped suddenly, her hands flying to her mouth.
  I blinked, surprised she had gotten her vision back so quickly but didn't dwell on it too much. Instead, I looked at where her frightened gaze was directed. There, on two cotton beds, were two figures, one a male, the other a female. 
 One had black short hair, and the other had brown hair. Blood drenched their sheets and it took me a moment to realize who they were before the shooting pain in my stomach returned. And from the looks of Conner and Cindy's faces, I knew they could sense it too.
 "N-No... this can't be." I murmured. I felt the color drain from my face, cold pricking my skin. I licked my dry lips and turned to look behind me.
 Raleigh stood frighteningly still behind me. Her eyes were hard, void of any emotion. Her lips were set in a thin line, all the blood drained from her face. Her jaw was clenched tight and her eyes were watering. She trembled and her pain and hurt filled my body. 
  Caspian howled in agony and I couldn't bear to look at the bodies anymore. It was hurting not only everyone else, including me, but Raleigh too.
"We'll have a proper burial for them soon," I said bitterly. 
  Conner bent his head and Cindy hiccupped, trying to contain her tears. The wounded pack members behind me howled sadly, painfully, agonizingly.
But it didn't matter.
 My Beta, and my Beta Female, Drew and Logan, two people who had their whole lives planned out ahead of them—
—were dead.
~*~
 It's like my brain couldn't comprehend what had just happened.
 In just two days, I had met my mate, slept with her (in the non-intimate sense), went shopping with her, then came home to discover my pack in terror, and my Beta and Beta Female dead.
 Conner was shaken, least to say. He, Drew and I had all been friends since childhood—we were practically brothers. After covering the bodies back up with the tarps, I remember vividly how he floated out of the tent, almost like a ghost. Cindy hastened to follow him—she was probably the more emotionally contained one between the two of them. Conner didn’t hesitate to cry in front of others. Cindy did.
 Raleigh was devastated, and I knew this time I could do nothing about it. Her best friend was dead. The same best friend that had stayed by her side throughout high school. The same best friend that she had loved, that she had gotten so comfortable with—
—was gone.
 She didn't speak on the way to our house. Nobody did. The whole pack was still trying to understand, just as much as I was, what had just happened. I decided I would address them later, when we were all able to pick up our lost pieces and put them back together.
 Right now, I had a mate to comfort.
 I bid a solemn goodbye to Conner and Cindy, asking him to assemble a meeting with all the guards and general's sometime this Saturday.
  Conner barely acknowledged me, his face as pale as a sheet. Cindy hugged Raleigh tightly, promising to see her soon. She looked to me for conformation, and I nodded. Cindy was good for Raleigh. She could never replace the spot Logan had already taken in Raleigh's heart, but she was a good influence and a great friend, part of the reason I was happy when Conner (sheepishly) told me they were mates. 
 Raleigh sat stiffly on our bed, her eyes still emotionless and empty. I let her, moving to clean up a few things in the room. I pulled a few keys out of my desk drawer and onto my desk. I would need them for when I had to look through the Rogue documents.
 I was picking up our clothes from yesterday and putting them in the hamper to be washed when she finally spoke.
 "What are those for?" She asked. She pointed to my keys and I frowned.
"They're for a drawer in my office. It's to open my files on rogue's." I replied. I dropped the clothes into the white hamper and sat next to her on the bed. I hesitated for a moment, deciding whether it would be a good idea to hold her or not. She said she trusted me, but was that only emotionally? Physically? It took so much effort not to read her mind and find out exactly what she was thinking—I didn’t want to pry on her safe space. 
 Finally, at Caspian's bidding, I took her into my arms, stroking her gently. My fingers combed through her disheveled locks, pulling her small ponytail from her head and stroking her gently, calming her down.
"Why would the rogues do something like this?" Raleigh's voice quivered and I shushed her gently, stroking down her sides.
  "Because they're cruel." I spat. "They only care for themselves and not anybody else."
"How do you know?" Raleigh questioned.
  I raised my eyebrow. "How do I know what?" I asked. 
 She sighed. "How do you know they're all cruel? Maybe they're just looking for a pack or something?" She suggested.
  I shrugged. "Well, whatever their reasoning, they still killed two of my pack members today.”
  Raleigh looked away, her jaw clenching and unclenching as if she was debating what to say to me. Finally, she looked up, her icy eyes thawing.
"Calm down, Lucien. Please?" she pleaded. I pulled her onto my lap and pressed my head onto her stomach. She took the hint, running her nimble fingers through my dirty blonde locks.
 “I’m just angry,” I murmured, closing my eyes. “I’m furious at what they did. Logan and Drew had so much planned ahead of them. Maybe if I had put more pack-members on patrol this wouldn’t have happened? God, I just want to go to the attackers and—!”
"Lucien!” Raleigh interjected firmly. “I understand you're upset. I am too. Heartbroken, even. But you can't think rationally with a hothead. Calm down, take a night to sleep properly, then address the situation with a clear head."
 Despite how angry I was, I couldn’t help but feel a tad bit proud at her confidence. Caspian rumbled in approval and I brought my head up, brushing some wet strands of hair from her cheek.
"Where did you learn that?" I asked. 
 I felt her shrug. "Something Logan always told me," she whispered. 
 Maybe it’s time to take those words into consideration, Caspian murmured. The more you talk about them, the more upset she’ll get. Distract her. Make her feel better.
 "How about we think about something else?" I suggested. "Only thinking about them will make us more upset." 
 Raleigh nodded, albeit a bit hesitant. "I suppose." She said. "But about what? I'm still worried about your pack. How will they adjust?" 
 "My pack is strong. If I know them, then I know they'll be fine. Besides, I'm going to check on them tomorrow, before Alpha Greg comes." 
"Will they be able to fix everything?" 
 "Yes. There were only a few minor damages here and there. As long as nobody was too critically injured, my duty as an Alpha is done for tonight." I said.
  Raleigh hummed. "Then what comes before your duty as Alpha?" She questioned.
 "My duty as a mate," I said, smiling slightly. "I know you miss Logan. Believe me, I will—I do too. I miss Logan, and Drew. I miss my Beta and my Beta Female. But sitting here crying about them is going to do us no justice. Besides, the more I think about it, the more I come back to my original idea of revenge."
  Raleigh shook her head. "Still on the revenge huh?" She asked. 
 I growled lowly. "Logan and Drew deserve it. They weren't meant to leave this planet so soon. They had so many plans, and three rogues from the Black Wolf Pack ruined it all." I snarled. "They deserve some revenge. And I'm going to make sure it happens."
  Raleigh only hummed, sniffling while combing my hair. I sighed.
 "I want to know who did this Lucien," Raleigh whispered. "I want to know who, and why."
  I shoved a purr that threatened to rumble from my throat down into my chest. "Conner and Lucinda were able to subdue them. They're in the cells, all three of them."
"When are you going to question them?"
"Maybe sometime this weekend. Right now, the pack needs to heal and accept."
"Can I come?"
"Where?"
"When you interrogate them?"
 "No." My answer was immediate, reflexive, harsh.
  Raleigh tilted her head questioningly at me. "Why?" She asked, sounding hurt. 
 My heart squeezed and I backtracked. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to come out so rudely." I said. "I don't want you to come with me because I don't want you to see my wolf come out."
"What's wrong with your wolf?" She asked. 
 I sighed. "My wolf, Caspian, is very...protective of his pack and his mate. Especially his mate. If those two are put in danger, well...he doesn't hold back as I do."
"Can I see him?" Raleigh peered up at me, questioningly and adorably at the same time. 
"Why?" I asked. 
 Raleigh's shoulders rose and fell with indifference. "So, I can prove to you that I'm not afraid of you, or of Caspian." She said stubbornly.
  I chuckled. "You sure? Once I do, there's no going back." 
 She nodded, slipping off my lap. "I'm sure." 
 I stood from the bed, walking a few feet away from her. Turning my back to her, I slipped my T-shirt off, throwing it onto the ground. I heard Raleigh swallow from behind me, and I turned my head over my shoulder. She was blatantly staring at me, making no move to hide it, and I couldn’t help but wink at her.
"Like what you see?" I asked. 
 Raleigh bit her lip, blushing and turning her head away.
"I... this isn’t supposed to be for me…" I heard her mumble. 
  Frowning, I padded over to her and took her soft chin between my fingers, turning her face to me. I was really pushing the boundaries now, but honestly, I didn't give a damn.
"Don't ever say that again," I ordered. "You are more than worthy of me. A beautiful, innocent young girl, unworthy of an ex…well…bed-warmer? Please!" I scoffed. "In reality, it's me who doesn't deserve you." 
 We were inches away from kissing, and the idea of her plump lips on mine had Caspian begging for release. I denied him, though. She wasn’t ready for that, and I wasn’t about to push her for it.
"Might want to turn. I have to take my pants off." I said. I could hear Raleigh's heartbeat speed up, like the thrum of a hummingbird, but she masked it perfectly, turning around on the bed.
 I laughed, slipping from my pants and underwear. I closed my eyes, envisioning Caspian in my mind. Maybe it was the mention of revenge or Raleigh's scent that did it, but Caspian came bounding into my view, his dark black tail wagging excitedly in the air.
 Can I meet my mate now? He whined. 
  I rolled my eyes fondly. Yes, yes you can. But be aware of her personal space! I warned. I didn't know if he had heard me or not, but I could feel him pushing for a shift.  I took a deep breath, preparing myself mentally—
—and before I knew it, I was no longer a human.
My hands and legs grew my dark black fur, my eyes shining with Caspian's influence. I dropped onto all fours, curious to see how Caspian would handle meeting his mate for the first time.
 Raleigh turned at the sound of him, and I could feel her fingers threading through my fur. Caspian purred, as did I. Raleigh's fingers worked like magic, and also worked me up, my mind playing dirty tricks on me.
 "Hi, Caspian!" Raleigh cooed. "You're so fluffy!"
  I scoffed indignantly and Caspian purred again, thumping our tail. Raleigh giggled, then sniffled. I frowned, nudging her chest. She sniffled again, roughly wiping her eyes.
 "It's nothing Lucien—er—Caspian?" She questioned.
  I chuckled. "It's still me, Raleigh" I growled. "I'm only a wolf, with the help of Caspian." I watched her nod then sniffle again.
"I'm going to shift back, okay? You might want to...close your eyes?"
  Unfortunately, grown werewolves shift naked, unlike pups, who can shift in and out with their clothes still intact. Raleigh turned away like before as I shifted, throwing my clothes on. 
 Once I was decent, I hugged her from behind, her little sniffles wracking her body. Her pain, her anger, her confusion; they all soaked into my heart and fed me her feelings like poison. 
 I laid on the bed, enclosing her in my arms and rubbing her back. She pressed her face into my shirt to hide her tear-stained face.
  I blinked my tears away, the night's losses finally taking its toll on the both of us. Try as we might, refusing our bodies' feelings were impossible, and at one point, our waterworks were going to turn on. We had to cry at some point.
And we did.
My arms around her, her body snug on top of me, I let my shirt dampen with each of her tears, knowing nothing I could say would ever bring back what she lost—who she lost.
So, I didn't.
I comforted her. I whispered soothing words into her ear. I rubbed her back; combed her hair. And she cried. She cried and let all her feelings she'd been holding for me, for Conner, for Cindy, for the pack, out.
"I'm sorry, Lucien. I didn't mean to—Oh, gods I didn't mean to get your shirt wet!" She apologized at some point. 
 I shushed her, glancing only briefly at the clock. I continued to rub circles into her back, kneading the stiffness and pain away.
"It's okay, Raleigh." I murmured. "Just cry. Just cry."


Raleigh: Chapter 9
 "Thank you for joining us today, on this somber occasion." Lucien's powerful voice boomed from the microphone below his lips. The pack in front of him immediately quieted and the pouring rain trickled out to a drizzle.
  I stood by Lucien, scanning the crowd in front of us. My shoulders trembled, and I couldn't stop the tears from my eyes at the sight of two coffins that shouldn't have been there. Two coffins that I never wanted to see in my life.
"I am thankful you were able to put some time aside to join me and my mate today on this regretful day. I never would have thought that I would have to be standing here, but now that I am, we must address the heroes whose lives have been lost," Lucien said, his voice a deep, rumbling echo throughout the quiet crowd. A few of the wolves snarled, lifting their heads, their boiling eyes gleaming.
"The rogue's need to pay for their deaths!" A large wolf in the front roared. A few of the other men, now roused, growled in approval, but one glare from Lucien shut them down fast.
 "I understand your anger." He said. "I promise you, we will avenge the Beta and Beta Female, but in the meantime, we must give time to those who have lost loved ones and honor them for their sacrifices to the royal pack." 
 The wolves who were once angry bent their heads in submission. Lucien had such a powerful voice, even with his enhanced Alpha strength, that I knew it wouldn't have been hard to dissuade the crowd from planning revenge so soon. He was just as angry, maybe even more, than they were, but he still managed to put on a calm façade and speak to his pack like the Alpha he was expected to be.
 Gripping my hand, he turned to Conner, who was standing stone-faced by the funeral pyres for Logan and Drew.
  I heard him take a deep breath, then nod to Conner, who, with one last look at the covered bloodied sheets, lit the bodies on fire.
The rain poured harder, thunder booming angrily across the sky. The clouds flashed with bright yellow streaks and released its anger on us, yet nobody moved. The fires did not die. They grew stronger, louder, higher.
  I sniffled, wiping my eyes and shaking my soaked hair. It felt like there was a sharp fire pit in my stomach, growing angrier and hurt by each hungry flame that rose above the funeral pyre. Lucien pulled me towards him and this time, I let him. 
  Around me, wolves, male and female, all howled in agony, their Beta and Beta Female killed, murdered unfairly.
 "Look!" Lucien thundered "Look for one last time at your heroes. At the ones who saved your husbands, your wives, your pups! They may be gone, but their soul lives in us! Their hearts, their strength, lives in us! We must fight! We must end this rogue issue once and for all!" 
 Wolves growled with renewed strength at every word Lucien spoke. His eyes were turning pitch black. Caspian was taking over. Feeding on his anger.
"We must end these rogues." Deeper and angrier, Caspian and Lucien both spoke at the same time. Many males were shifting by then, the women either shifting with them or retreating to their homes on the insistence of their mates. "We must show them what the consequence is of harming one of the Royal Pack. Of the Blue Wolf Pack!" Lucien howled and the wolves howled with him. 
 Still on revenge…what if all rogues aren’t bad? I thought. 
 My eyes flickered nervously over to Jasmine and Cindy, who beckoned me over. I glanced up at Lucien, and while he was still talking with the pack, I slipped from his steady hold and numbly made my way over to them, shaking from the funeral and the cold of the rain.
 "Come." Jasmine said, her hair sticking wildly to her face. “The men will speak of things that I would rather you not hear. Besides, you need to warm up. Wouldn't want you getting hypothermia."
 "But, what about Lucien?" I asked, turning back to look at my handsome mate.
  He caught my eyes and gestured with his chin towards Cindy and Jasmine. Go, he mouthed. 
 Sparing him one last glance, I followed a silent Cindy and a shivering Jasmine into the Alpha Palace, letting them lead me up to Lucien and my room.
"Are you okay, Raleigh? I know Logan was your best friend and..." Cindy trailed off and I sighed.
 "Yeah, yeah I was close to her," I said. "She was the only one who understood me. Who actually wanted to be my friend, and not by force from the teachers in Woodbridge High. She was the only one who would get my jokes, who would spare me a second glance, who would always be patient with me." I tried not to, but I felt my voice choking up. Sobs slipped from my mouth and I broke down again, crying like a baby on the sweet-smelling bed that was Lucien's side. Cindy looked sadly at me, giving me a wet hug.
 "Oh, sweetie. It'll be okay, I promise. I know we can't change the past, but Logan lives in you, Raleigh. We will avenge her, I promise." She tried to console. 
 I shook my head, another sob racking my body. "No!" I cried pathetically. "Logan's gone! Drew's gone! The only two people who didn't judge me my entire life are gone!"
  I sobbed hysterically into Cindy's shoulder and she, just as Lucien had done last night, only rubbed my back and whispered soothing words into my ear until I could calm down.
"I'm sorry," I whimpered, wiping my nose with my sleeve.
  Cindy chuckled slightly, wiping my eyes.
"Don't worry about a thing, Raleigh," She assured. "We're all here to help each other. No matter what, a pack sticks together." 
 That brought a smile out of me.
"Lucien really knows how to rile up a crowd," I said, looking out the window. Cindy shook her head, smiling.
"Yeah. The Alpha's the best we've got. He cares for us, and he makes sure everything is up to our expectations. He's the best you'll ever get, Raleigh," She said cheekily.
  I blushed, shoving her shoulder playfully. Next to us in the bathroom, Jasmine was filling up a hot bath to warm up in.
"Really? How long has he been Alpha?" I asked. 
 Cindy hummed, staring up at the ceiling as she thought. "Hm... a long time, actually...maybe a couple of thousand years? He's gotten experience, that's for sure." She said. 
 "Are his parents still alive?" 
  "I know his mother is. As for his father...it's a mystery. Some say he died; others say the Alpha is holding him in the dungeons below...but that's usually a rival pack spreading rumors since nobody wants to tell the Alpha King that face to face."
"Why?"
 "Because, as Alpha King, Lucien has full authority to…well… relieve an Alpha of his duties and make the Beta, or anyone he so chooses as deserving, as the next Alpha of that pack. While he does do routine checks every year, which is what he was doing at your school, the Alpha doesn't usually kick lower Alpha's out of their positions." Cindy snorted. "Except for Darius."
"Darius?" I frowned. "Who's Darius?" 
 Cindy opened her mouth to explain, but Jasmine chose that time to exit the bathroom. She smelled of the same shampoo Lucien used, which probably meant that she had showered too.
"Bathroom's all yours, Raleigh. I put a towel there already and put some soap onto a tall loofa. All you gotta do is shower," Jasmine said. She winked at me, then took Cindy by the arm.
 "C'mon Beta Female to be, we've got a shower waiting for you." She said. 
 Cindy groaned, pretending to be the victim as she let Jasmine drag her away.
 "See ya later, Raleigh!" She managed to yell before Jasmine shut the door with a click.
  Now alone in the room, I did a 360 of the once lively palace and trudged to the bathroom. As I stripped my clothes away and stepped into the hot shower, I realized that the palace was so empty without Lucien here. Even if he wasn't verbally discussing anything with me, it still felt good—safe to know that he was behind that door, lying on the bed, waiting patiently to help me.
A warm feeling buzzed in my stomach as I thought of him. Of his strong features and toned chest. Of his sweet whispers at night whenever I'd jolt or his patience with me whenever I blabbered about nonsense or even just cried to him. That warm feeling in my stomach returned, and as the voice in my head sang its motherly tune to me, I realized something that made my body freeze, the loofa once in my hand clattering to the tiled shower floor.
I was falling in love with Lucien.
 So, this is what love felt like? Why hadn't I noticed it before? Why hadn't I thought of it before? That tingly, sweet feeling whenever he's around. The floaty and easygoing feeling I had whenever I was around him; feeling like I didn't have to wear my mask with him.
 In only a few days, I had begun to fall in love with Lucien!
 I didn’t want to accept that feeling, though. It was too soon. I knew hardly anything about him or about werewolves apart from what I had read. How could I feel something for him already? It was too soon…it couldn’t be love already!
 Finally, being unable to take the somehow scorching heat, I turned the shower off and stepped into the cold, brisk air around the misty compartment. My mouth shook and I trembled as I stepped into my clothes, foregoing my pants for a skirt. I lay on our bed, my hands still shaking as I repeated that very phrase in my head over and over again.
I was falling in love with the Alpha King of North America!
 I glanced down at my body lying on the bed. My skinny, unshaven thighs and legs, cold yet smooth to the touch. My bumpy arms which to this day doctors have no clue how they got there. My chubby face and dimpled cheeks. My light brown skin covered in marks from previous orphanages and foster homes. 
 Tears pricked my eyes, but I was done with crying. Done with pitying myself. A surge of power filled through me and the voice in my head seemed to grow louder, although I couldn’t exactly comprehend what she was saying.
I may not like my body, I may not be able to do many things, I may not look like other girls—
—but I didn't care.
 This happened often—me thinking that I was on top of the world and getting the feeling of wanting to accept myself for who I was. I was me, and I knew it. I knew I'd never been perfect. That I'd never be that perfect blonde girl in the locker room. But I was me. And with this newfound surge, I realized that if I wanted to love Lucien, I first had to love myself. I had to learn how to enjoy my own company, my own body. To accept me for being myself, no matter what happened.
 I wasn't sure how I was going to start, but maybe Lucinda's counseling would be a good beginning. Lucien trusts her, it seems. So maybe I can trust her?
 At that moment, Lucien poked his wet head through our door, his bright golden eyes surveying the room until they landed on me. His face lit up in a smile and he strode over to me, closing the door behind him. Sighing, he dropped onto the bed and accepted the towel I handed to him. Luckily, only his hair was wet, nothing else.
 "How was it?" I asked. I touched his arm, and his hand curled around my wrist.
 "It went well. The pack's seething for revenge... I am too. But we have to let Logan and Drew's parents heal, as well as anyone else who was close to them." Lucien smiled sadly at me. "How are you faring? I know—I felt your pain during the funeral." 
 My shoulders slumped. "It was...hard," I admitted. "Hard watching Conner light that pyre; hard knowing my best friend is gone." 
 Lucien, now dry, pulled me onto his lap easily, his arms caging around me as if to promise I wouldn't suffer the same fate.
 "Everything will be okay soon. I promise. I'm going to interrogate those rogues that we caught soon after Greg leaves. Maybe I can get some information out of them." 
 I frowned. "How will that work? Isn't the usual law of interrogation to be quiet and refuse to speak?" I crossed my eyes, frowning. "Or maybe I watch too many crimes shows?"
  Lucien, for the first time that day, threw his head back and let out a loud, pleasing laugh. "Sort of like a crime show." He said, threading his fingers through my hair.
 I sighed at the contact, leaning into his touch.  "When will you question them?" I murmured. 
 Lucien hummed. "Maybe next week. Or this weekend, depending on how quickly my pack heals."
"How quickly do they heal?"
"At most...three days? Maybe four? Our thirst for revenge is stronger than our sorrow, as of right now," Lucien explained.
"How will you get revenge?" I asked.
"Well, first I have to interrogate other packs, to see if they knew anything about the attack. Then, I go to the pack where the rogues came from and talk to the Alpha, in case he knew anything, which I bet he did. After...we either go to war or take it to The High Court."
"What's the High Court?"
"The High Court is like the Supreme Court, except for werewolves."
"Will you go?"
"Most of the time, yes. I go to the High Court. Sometimes though, not for a long time, my pack has gone to war with another."
"How long has it been?"
"A couple of centuries." 
 As Lucien spoke, my mind traveled back to what Cindy had been telling me earlier in the day, about Alpha Darius and what Lucien did to him.
"Lucien?"
"Yes?"
"Who's Darius?"
  Lucien stiffened. "How do you know about Darius?" He asked. 
 I shrugged. "I heard it somewhere." I lied, not wanting to get Cindy into trouble. 
 Lucien shrugged. "Darius was an Alpha who had horrible intentions towards women," he said, specs of black forming in his golden eyes. "He had hidden them carefully underneath the ground, hoping I wouldn't know about it. Somehow, one woman escaped and came to my pack. Now that I had all the information I needed, I kicked Darius out of his role as Alpha and made his Beta, Gregory, in charge." He explained.
"You didn't kill him?"
"No, but I gave him the choice. He was smart enough to simply get the title as a rogue."
"Is this Gregory the Greg you're saying is going to be coming today?" I asked. 
 Lucien nodded. "Yes. But I promise you, Greg won't even think about hurting you, not with the place you’re in. He's the Alpha of a pack in Rahway, and he's also mayor, so it helps." Lucien ran a hand through his hair. "But enough about rogue and Alpha talk. I came to spend time with my mate." 
 I smiled, looking at the ground from my seated position. "Don't you have work?" I asked, though I secretly hoped he didn't. I didn’t want to admit it out loud, but I enjoyed Lucien's company, even if my feelings grew much more mixed with each second, I spent with him.
 "No. And even if I did, my job as a mate comes before my job as an Alpha."
  My heart swelled with adoration, and with the way Lucien was looking at me, all I wanted to do was make him close that frustrating gap between us.
But I didn't.
"Lucien...remember how you said you’d wait for me to learn more about myself?" I asked suddenly, breaking the silence between us. 
 Lucien nodded, tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. "I remember." He said. 
 I took a deep breath. "I think I'm getting there," I said.
  Lucien's eyes widened and he sat up, pulling me with him. "What do you mean?" He asked, excitement barely contained. 
 I giggled. "What I mean is, while I still will never fully accept myself, I think I'm getting closer." I took another breath to steady myself. "I know I'll never be perfect, and I've accepted that. But I don't want to be perfect. I don't want to learn how to fix myself. I want to learn how to heal. How to love." 
 Lucien, who was in quiet shock as I spoke, suddenly jumped from the bed and spun me in the air. 
 I yelped, gripping his shoulders as he lowered me, still holding me a couple of inches in the air. His face was now level with mine, gazing into my eyes with so much adoration that they spilled like ichor from his lids.
"I can't believe you said that!" Lucien murmured, his happiness radiating onto me.
  I raised my eyebrow, another laugh escaping me. "What do you mean? Was it that cheesy?" I asked. 
 Lucien suddenly cupped my cheek, pulling me to look up at him. The pad of his thumb smoothed along my bottom lip and it was then that I realized the proximity between us. The tight muscles and hamstrings on my thighs stretched and began to ache, but I was too enthralled to care. Too content with the atmosphere we had around each other in the now lively room. 
 Through the crack in the heavy grey curtains, the sun peeked shyly through the room, beaming its spotlight brightly on the both of us as Lucien laid me back on the bed, flopping next to me.
"No. It was far from that, Raleigh. I'm just...so proud of you. How did you figure it out?" Lucien asked.
  I shrugged the best I could. "I dunno. I was just in the shower when I was thinking about...some things, and I realized that if somebody else could love me just the way I was, then why should I try to change myself?" 
"That's right," he grinned at me "I love you just the way you are." 
 My heart leaped, and while he didn't simply say 'I love you', he did say something like that, which meant that our feelings weren't just because of the mate bond!
"Do you want to play a game?" I asked. 
 Intrigued, Lucien pushed up on the pillows, his eyes raving over me. "What game?"
"20 Questions," I replied.
 Lucien smirked. "You really want to play 20 Questions?" He asked. 
 I nodded. "Yep, but nothing deep. Happy things. Funny things," I said stubbornly so that he wouldn't ask about my life before meeting him just yet. I wasn't ready to indulge him on that, no matter how much the voice in my head pushed me to do so.
"Okay. You go first," Lucien agreed.
 I hummed in thought. "What's your favorite color?" I asked. 
 He grinned. "That's easy. Blue. You?"
"Purple," I said. "Favorite Disney movie?"
"Hercules."
"Why?" I asked, curious as to why that movie out of all the Disney movies he had on his shelf. 
 Lucien shrugged. "Because he isn't afraid to die if it means saving the woman he loves," he explained, looking down at me. 
 My face heated up, but I refused to look away, which I think pleased Lucien a bit.
"Well...I like the Lion King." I said. 
 Lucien chuckled. "Any reason why?" He asked. 
 Damn it. I blushed, now turning away. "I... may have had a crush on adult Simba. Don't judge!" I added quickly.
"No judgment, but..." Lucien, if possible, pulled me closer to him, as if keeping me from running. "You're mine."
 I rolled my eyes, scoffing. “Whatever you say.”
 A low growl erupted from Lucien's throat and I changed my furry topic.
"Favorite book?"
"Fifty Shades of Grey."
"Really?" I asked. I must have looked pretty appalled because Lucien eyed me oddly.
"Yes? Why?" I bit my lip to keep my giggles at bay, even if it wasn't exactly working.
"Lucien, when I first walked into your room, all I saw was grey, so I assumed you read Fifty Shades of Grey as a joke. I didn't think you actually did!"
  Lucien laughed. "Yeah, I did read that book quite a bit. What about you?"
"I liked reading Dark Lover when I was thirteen," I said. 
 Lucien cocked an eyebrow. "Isn't that a vampire book? With Wrath and Elizabeth?" He asked.
  I nodded. "Yep. Did you read it?" I asked.
"Yeah. I read the whole series. Favorite song?"
"Depends. In English, French, or Hindi?"
"All three."
"Well, I like 'Not another song about love' in English and 'Yolo' in French. In Hindi, I like Duniya from Luka Chuppi." I said. "You?"
"I don't really listen to music, but I do like Coner Maynard and Queen," Lucien said. 
 I blinked. "Wow. Two names I never thought would go together in one sentence.”
 Lucien jostled me on his lap and it was at that moment that I realized I was still somehow sitting on him. Stealthily, I slipped off him. 
 "How many languages do you speak?" 
 I smiled. "I speak two—English and French, but I do know some Spanish. You?"
"I can hold a conversation in English, French, Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Hindi, and Latin. Other languages like Portuguese and Russian I can only hold a basic conversation." Lucien explained.
"Damn." I gaped. "You know a lot."
"Living for centuries taught me a lot." Lucien moved his other hand up and I felt him toy with my wet hair, plaiting it and un-plaiting it. "This might be a bit of an invasive question, but do you want a family?"
"What?" I blurted. Well…that was an unexpected question for a get-to-know Q and A.
  Lucien shuffled beside me, hesitant to repeat himself. "Do you want a family?" He repeated softer, as if he were embarrassed to be asking such a question.
I thought for a couple of moments before replying. Did I want one? I loved children, and Avery and Ananya were adorable. But would a child accept a cripple as his or her mother? Wouldn't I embarrass them?
"Do you mean... a family with you?" I asked quietly, almost shyly.
"Yes. A family with me." He replied gently. 
 I breathed deeply, thinking once more before I replied.
"Yes. I do want a family one day." I said, adding the last bit so that Lucien or Caspian wouldn't get any funny ideas. 
"How many?"
"Two. A boy and a girl." I said automatically.
"Interesting…" 
  Silence covered us like a blanket, tense and somewhat awkward. Lucien’s eyes shifted between black and golden, and his lips creased into an embarrassed smile. I couldn’t help but smile as well. Caspian was surely giving him an earful.
"Alpha?" Conner poked his head through our door and Lucien straightened with a start, clearly not expecting Conner at this hour.
"What is it, Conner?" He asked, annoyance dripping in his voice.
  I turned around, having to strain over Lucien’s shoulder to see Conner. 
"Alpha Greg and Luna Tania have arrived."
 
Lucien: Chapter 10
 Here? Now? They just had to come now, and ruin this precious moment I was having with my lovely mate. She had just revealed to me that she was ready to begin the process of accepting herself when of course my bad luck had to click into place and Greg had to arrive. I don't blame him though, or Tania. I can only hope they'll act civil around Lucinda and me.
I nodded to Conner, who stood awkwardly by the door. "Tell them we'll be down shortly."
 Conner bobbed his head as if his life depended on it, his cheeks painted a deep shade of red as he scrambled to leave the room, slamming the door shut behind him. 
 I squeezed Raleigh's thin arms gently and she twitched, meaning she knew I was talking to her.
"Are you ready to meet Greg and Tania?" I asked, only hesitating slightly to say Tania's name. It had been a long time since I had seen Tania, and while I still looked like I was twenty, Tania probably looked nowhere near twenty anymore.
Raleigh, her face still on my neck, nodded. "Y-Yeah, I guess." Then, she paused. "Why don't you call them by their titles?" 
 I frowned, turning my head slightly to her as I stood. "What do you mean?"
"Like, everyone here calls you Alpha Lucien. Shouldn't that same respect be projected from Alpha to Alpha?"
  I laughed shortly, ruffling Raleigh's smooth hair. "Usually, yes. An Alpha must address another Alpha by his title, but since I'm the Alpha King, I am at the highest pedestal in a wolf chain, so I do not necessarily need to invoke a title to an Alpha or Luna. You don't, either."
"Really? Isn't that rude?" Raleigh asked again. 
 I shrugged. "Depends on your perspective," I said.
  I stood from the bed and stretched my aching limbs, smiling at the sunlight spilling from my drawn curtains. I looked behind my shoulder, catching a glimpse of Raleigh as she stood from our bed, puffing her chest as she stretched. I'm positive I heard some muscles crack, which I'm still debating was a good or bad thing.
As she padded to the window to open the blinds, I caught a better look at her profile.
 She was stunning, especially in the sunlight. Her hair, glossy from what I guessed to be a shower, trickled in mesmerizing waves over her shoulder blades, kissing her backbone gently. Her round face was pulled into a pout as she assessed her problem, gears turning in her head as she sought for a solution. I noticed she walked on the side of her right foot, something I decided I'd tell Lucinda later.
 She was slim, very much so. Her shirt hung loosely over her tiny frame. No matter how many sizes we'd tried at the mall, it seemed Raleigh's body was adamant on being a size short, so Cindy just bought her the smallest size. Her stomach was soft to the touch, and I often thought about what it would be like just to lay on her, to press my ear to her soft belly, and maybe one day hear or feel our pup. 
 I never thought I’d have a mate. At one point, I just accepted the fact that I’d be single forever. Now, though, watching my gorgeous mate pull our damp curtains and stretch her thin muscles in the teasing sun, I realized how much I adored having Raleigh, how much I cared for her—
—How much I loved her.
 The realization of my feelings hit me, cold and hard; like a large wave crashing on the beach. I hardly noticed her poke the bags holding her clothes with her foot, not being able to reach down to pick them up. It felt as if my feelings for her had suddenly intensified, and with heat coming up, my emotions were already on a roller-coaster.
 While most thought heat was just for females, it also increases sexual desire in the male as well, and with me being an Alpha, that didn't help much.
Scratch that. It didn't help at all.
"Lucien? Are you mind-linking again?" Raleigh's inquisitive voice snapped me from my perverted thoughts.
"W-What? I'm sorry, I didn't hear you." I pushed myself up from the bed and made my way over to where she was standing, staring oddly at me. "What happened?"
"Oh, nothing. Just asking if you're ready to go? I already showered." She said.
  I bent down, making a big show of playfully sniffing her. "I can tell," I said, winking at her.
She pushed me away with a slight laugh, and once we were both ready, I led her to my office, where I had directed Conner to keep them in case, I was busy. 
 I took Raleigh's hand, feeling her nervousness ebb off her in heavy waves. "Hey, it'll be alright. I'll be right there with you." I tried to comfort. 
  "I know...it's just, I'm not good with first impressions." She said, wrinkling her nose. Nevertheless, she smiled at me, her way of telling me that she was ready.
Gripping her hand tighter, I pushed the door to my office open, Greg and Tania's heads whipping to me as I entered. They both bowed, Tania carefully eyeing Raleigh.
  I don't think Raleigh noticed her judgmental gaze, either that or she just didn't care, which was rare. I couldn’t read her mind, either. Something was blocking her thoughts from me, like a thick fog.
"Alpha King Lucien." Greg acknowledged, looking up in my eyes. "Luna Queen Raleigh." 
 Raleigh seemed surprised that he knew her name, but again, she didn't say anything. I was almost positive I saw Tania scowl, but I couldn't be sure.
"Alpha Greg. Luna Tania." I said. I shook their hands and Raleigh smiled at them, waving slightly
"Now, I believe some introductions are in order before we continue," I said. I nodded towards Raleigh, who hesitated for a moment before sticking her hand out.
 “Nice to meet you,” she grumbled. “I’m Raleigh.”
  Greg smiled. "Nice to finally put a face to the name, Luna Queen." He said. "My name is Alpha Gregory, and this wonderful woman here is my mate, Tania."
  Raleigh quirked her lips at Tania and shook her hand. Tania forced a smile, eyeing me and puffing her chest upwards, her shirt buttons somehow popping softly.
  I scoffed. 
She's trying to entice us. It's disgusting, Caspian snarled.
You're telling me. Raleigh is ten times more beautiful than she ever was, I sneered. 
 Caspian grunted in approval, and I turned my attention to the matter at hand.
 "I was hoping we'd be able to give our mates some privacy," I began, "But my pack had just recently been ravaged, so I'd rather not risk them." 
 Greg leaned closer, intrigued. "Ravaged? How so?"
  My eye twitched at Tania's somehow closer hand, but I ignored it. "There was a rogue attack yesterday. My Beta and Beta Female were killed." I explained somberly.
  Greg immediately became sympathetic. "I'm sorry to hear that." He murmured, "But I too have been having rogue problems. Many packs have. That is the other thing I wanted to discuss with you today, apart from the Luna." 
 I frowned, humming. "Then why did I never get any report about this?" I asked. 
 Greg shrugged. "I don't know. Nobody was killed in any pack, however."
"Did the rogue's escape?" I asked. 
 Greg nodded. "Most, apart from the two from my pack."
"Interrogate them. Find out as much as you can and inform me ASAP," I commanded.
"Yes, Alpha."
"Good. Now, how many packs have been attacked?" I asked.
"About 30, from what I've been able to deduce," Greg replied. 
 I heard the wood kick under the table and I knew he and Tania were playing footsie, despite Tania's hand slowly inching to mine. I scowled. What part of 'we're broken up' and 'I have a mate and you do too' does she not understand? While Tania was one of my...longer bed-warmers, our "relationship" never went anywhere because it was mainly focused on sex, and not on the love a real relationship needs.
 Not like Raleigh and I.
"Have any of the Alpha's filed reports?" I asked. 
 Greg shrugged. No, not that I have heard of. Perhaps the damage wasn't bad enough to file one?" He suggested. 
"I'll look into it," I said. "Now, you said you had the files?" 
 Greg nodded and turned to Tania, who sighed dramatically and reached into her over-sized purse, fishing the orange manila folder out of the flood of cosmetics.
 I took it quickly, hastily peeling the clips open. The papers slid out, eager to get out from the cramped, dusty package.
 Hm...no family.... orphaned...2?! Foster home...Higgins: Cara and Henry...Building Blocks Orphanage...Foster home...Jenkins: Mary and Kate...hm, I frowned as I read all the notes and documents the City Hall and Greg had of Raleigh. Most were medical documents that I'd give to Lucinda tomorrow, but others were foster home certificates, orphanage sign-ins, school registrations, and other things.
  Greg was watching me both hesitantly and patiently, while I could feel rolls of fear coming from Raleigh. 
 She had been through...a lot, least to say. Many foster homes, some good and others…not so much. Lexi had always been her caretaker—the orphanage she owned was for only girls, although there had seemed to be a few exceptions. My poor mate had been through hell, but she was a brave woman, my Luna. She had survived so much—she was such a strong girl.
"What does it say, Alpha? I never read them." Greg asked. 
I scanned the paper until I reached the main info page. I looked to Raleigh for conformation, and she shrugged, looking away presumably to not hear. 
"Well, just her school papers, medical works and birth…what?" I frowned and looked up at Greg, who was also frowning at the paper in front of us.
"There's no signature on her birth certificate?" He questioned.
  Raleigh stiffened beside me, and I felt her apprehension hit me in hard waves. Like she knew something she didn’t want to tell me.
"Weird. Well, we'll cross that bridge when we get there." I slammed the yellow folder shut and placed it beside me. 
 Raleigh's shoulders sagged with relief.
"We have some spare time if you'd like to tour the pack and have lunch?" I suggested. 
 Tania looked like she wanted to deny, but Greg jumped up eagerly, nodding.
"Agreed. I skipped breakfast and am quite famished. Additionally, I have yet to see the Royal pack." 
 I smiled, glad at least he was eager about this. I could feel Raleigh smile as well.
"It would be our pleasure. If you would..." 
 Raleigh slipped from the chair she was sitting on and I too stood up, brushing my jeans and Tania decided she would finally speak.
 "Do you mind if I have a word with you alone, Alpha King?" She questioned, her eyes flickering to her husband and Raleigh. 
 Raleigh looked up at me, and Greg was too busy admiring the certificates I had on my wall to care.
  I sighed, bracing myself for whatever Tania would try to do before answering. "Of course, Tania. Raleigh, would you mind getting lunch ready? Also, can you show Alpha Greg down?"
 Raleigh, albeit a bit slowly, nodded in affirmation and I so badly wanted to place a kiss on her plump lips instead. 
 Once my door shut with the dreaded click, Tania turned angrily to me.
"So, this is what you do!" She yelled. "We spent almost a year together! We affirm our love for each other! We discuss our family together! We talk about my role as Luna Queen together! All that goes down the drain once you meet a runt like her! Is that how it is Lucien?! Because if you're doing a girl like her I almost feel sorry for you." 
 I was listening with a blank look on my face to Tania's rant up until she decided (wrongly) to include my mate into it.
"What did you say?" I asked harshly, standing from my chair suddenly. The wheels tipped back and fell, but I was too angered to care. 
 Tania suddenly lost her confidence at my towering height and cowered before me once I used my Alpha voice on her.
"Nothing, Alpha King." She mumbled. I snarled, rounding the desk so I could be eye to eye to her-well, as close as eye to eye as I could get, me being quite the few heads taller than her.
"Good. Because let me make this very clear to you Tania. You were nothing to me! Hear me? Nothing! That whole year we spent together; you knew I was only using you for a short time! Look me in my eyes and tell me that I'm lying!" I snarled. 
 Tania whimpered and I grunted, satisfied.
"We never talked about the future. You did. We never talked about family. You did. We never affirmed our love for each other. You did. Did it ever occur to you why I never replied?" 
 Tania fiddled with the hem of her dress. "I thought you were still drowsy coming off from a sex high," She mumbled. 
 I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose to calm myself down. "Look, Tania—" I sighed "I've moved on now. I know what I did to you wasn't right, and I apologize for that, but I have a mate now. A mate that I love dearly and would do anything for. You have a mate as well. And a family. Enjoy it and do me one favor."
"What is that, Alpha King?" Tania asked, her voice pinched.
  I side-stepped her and moved to the door, turning the knob and opening the door slightly.
"Forget about anything we ever had."

Raleigh: Chapter 11

The walk to the kitchen was awkwardly quiet.
 I led Greg through the palace, the silence egging on me. Lucien had stayed upstairs with Tania, but I wasn't worried about them. If anything, I was worried about Tania's impression on me.
 I got the feeling that she didn't like me, which hurt, because I wanted to make sure everyone was comfortable with me. Sitting in that meeting, I badly wanted to get out of the stuffy room. It was like her venomous eyes were suffocating me, squeezing every ounce of secrets from my already thin body. She spoke to me with such malignity, such poison on her tongue, that it made me search back into my memory to see if I had met her previously. Somehow, any image of Tania failed to compute in my mind.
 I knew Lucien recognized her. I felt his nervousness and hostility towards her while sitting in the same room. He glared daggers at her, his posture stiffening whenever she spoke. She, however, seemed very content with just gazing at my mate, which irritated me plenty. I knew it was jealousy, and that vexed me even more. Lucien had the right to date whoever he wanted to date, even if that person wasn't me.
 A sharp pang spread throughout my body and I shook my disturbing thoughts away. No, Lucien had told me over and over again he cared for me...but he never said he loved me. In some way, that bruised me. I had hoped he would affirm his feelings for me, but he never said anything about it. Maybe he wanted me to say it first? Or maybe he wasn't ready?
 Whatever the case, Lucien gave me a task, and I was going to carry it out without any drama. I brought Greg down to the kitchen, sitting him on a stool on the island. I moved to the cabinets, gazing up longingly at them. I had always been short, rising only a few inches above 5 feet.
 I glared at the cabinets, pondering how to reach the food until Greg spoke up from behind me.
"What do you think of the Alpha, Raleigh?" He questioned quietly. 
 I blinked, surprised I had even heard him. Turning to him, I gave him an inquisitive look. "What do you mean? Physically? Verbally?" 
 Greg thought for a moment. "Both." He decided.
"Well, Lucien is very good looking. And tall. The first thing I probably thought when I saw him was 'Damn, he's handsome!'" 
 Greg chuckled and I blushed, taking a seat gingerly opposite him. "What else?"
"Once I got to know him, even if only for a couple of nights, I learned he's a very loving and sweet man and a wonderful Alpha." I smiled longingly. "He's every girl’s perfect guy." 
 Again, Greg chuckled. "You seem to like him very much." He noted.
"Very. I... I think I love him, but I only want to tell him once I'm ready to." I said. “It just feels too soon, you know? Like, I’ve just met him, but this…bond he keeps speaking of…the mate bond, I think, it’s driving me insane! I have an inkling feeling that the mate bond is what’s bringing all these feelings up. After all,” I shrugged. “I don’t fall for those that easily…I’ve never fallen for anyone before. This is so…new.”
“It seems to be,” Greg agreed. “But love is a quick thing for werewolves. We fall for our mates pretty easily. Love just comes quickly to us.”
“I’ve noticed,” I said softly. “I mean, it’s weird, you know? And I’m a human!”
“It happens to everyone, at least when a werewolf mates with a human,” Greg responded. His eyes narrowed as they trailed along my skin, bringing goosebumps up on me. “It’s a natural instinct, your highness.”
“Just Raleigh is fine,” I assured. He raised a skeptical eyebrow. “Trust me, I still need a while to get used to all this royalty business.”
Greg’s mouth broke out into a grin, and I giggled. 
“Whatever you say, Luna,” he replied, smirking. I rolled my eyes.
“Oh, dear lord,” I sighed. “Just…don’t mention any of this to Lucien, okay? I don’t want to get his hopes up or lead him on. I want to make sure I’m ready…well, I guess I have been ready, considering I gave up my old life for him.”
  Greg nodded. "Of course, Luna. It's about time Alpha Lucien has found a mate for himself. Believe me, Luna, he was a very different man a couple of centuries ago."
  I gasped. "Just...how old is Lucien?" I asked. 
 Greg shrugged. "I don't know. I never bothered to ask. It seemed like a touchy subject for him anyway, but I do know that he is old. Doesn't look so, eh?" 
 I smiled awkwardly at Greg's teasing. "I guess. When I first met him, I pegged him for maybe twenty-one, two? I thought he looked like he was in his early twenties."
"I thought so too. But anyway, the Alpha is everything you described. He's very loyal to his pack, and they to him. He's a good King, and that's never easy. He rules packs in the U.S, Canada, and Mexico. That's about 500,000 in total. And he rules them all. Alone."
"Alone? He never had a Queen?" I asked, already thinking I was asking a stupid question as soon as I let the words fall from my lips. A loud thump resonated throughout the palace, probably from upstairs. I was beginning to get nervous, but swallowed my anxiety down and plastered one of my perfect, fake smiles. 
 Greg only shrugged, his words back on the topic of Lucien. "No. While it is not my place to say, Lucien was very different as a youngster. Wild, unpredictable, a sleeper, if you know what I mean. Somehow, something made him man up and stop acting like a child; a rambunctious pup. He's ruled centuries without a wife, without a mate, which is why he's so ecstatic to have met you. Disabled or not Luna, I can assure you that Lucien has feelings for you, as does Caspian." 
 My heartbeat calmed at Greg's words and I found myself nodding, my fake smile slowly slipping from my face as he smiled.
"Thank you, Greg." I beamed. "And remember, it’s Raleigh." 
 Greg smiled wider. "Thank you, Luna—er—Raleigh. Now, what are we having for lunch?" He questioned, rubbing his hands. I was about to speak, but loud, angry footsteps broke off my train of thought.
 Lucien stormed into the kitchen, a literal storm-cloud above his head. Tania followed him quietly, her head bent and lips pressed into a thin line. She sat stone-faced next to her husband, who was oblivious to her sudden mood change.
"What's for lunch?" I asked, after a few beats of silence passed between us.
  Lucien, who had been fuming silently beside me, shook his head, the black dots receding into his eyes. He grinned at me. "How about pasta? If you don't mind, Greg?" 
 Greg pursed his lips and shook his head rapidly. "No! No, not at all! Pasta is fine, wouldn't you say so, darling?" He asked, including his mute wife into the conversation. She picked her head up and glared furiously at me, nodding with much effort.
"Yes." She gritted. "Pasta is...wonderful." She kept her dark stare at my chest.
  Lucien, noticing this, took my hand and pulled me towards the sink. "Mind putting the pasta to boil?" He asked forcefully, all his anger trained on Tania's watery eyes.
  Greg remained oblivious to his wife's distress, offering to help Lucien chop the vegetables. Either that, or he just didn't want to deal with her. I've heard of many men like that.
"O-Okay." 
 Nodding, he handed me a pot. Leaning towards the sink, I filled it 3/4 full of water and set the metal container onto the stove, turning the knob up to HIGH. Lucien and Greg were cutting some vegetables as well as shredding cheese.
"What's your favorite cheese?" I asked, trying to lighten the atmosphere. 
 Lucien relaxed, dropping his shoulders and smiling at me. "I like mozzarella, probably cause it’s one of the least smelly cheeses." 
 Greg hummed and I began to stir the pasta, making sure it was ready to drain.
"I think Pepper Jack or Gouda. I know Tania likes mozzarella, don't you sweetie?" 
 Tania barely nodded, and this time, Greg frowned.
"I wonder what happened to her." I heard him murmur to Lucien. "She was so excited to come here, and now she looks bummed out."
"Probably because she and Raleigh didn't get girl time together," Lucien replied, though I felt that he was lying.
"What about you, Raleigh?" Greg asked.
"I like Camembert," I said, straining the pasta.
"Really? That smelly cheese from France?" Tania, for the first time, speaking up. 
 Lucien growled and I saw Greg pleading with Tania through his eyes. I felt sorry for him, I really did.
"Yeah, I guess because France has Paris as its capital, and Paris is the City of Love. Call me a hopeless romantic, but I love anything that has to do with love." I admitted.
  Lucien chuckled. "Have you ever been?"
“To Paris? No, I’ve never been out of Pennsylvania.”
“Why have you been to Pennsylvania?” Tania asked.
I blinked. “Um…there’s a hospital in Pennsylvania. It’s where I used to go to my doctor’s visits…”
“Well…regardless of where you’ve been, maybe one day we can go to Paris…together?” Lucien added the last bit quietly, drawing his bottom lip between his teeth, and I couldn’t help but smile at how shy he was being, especially around Greg and Tania. I nodded.
“That sounds like fun!” I said, and I really meant it, because I’d always wanted to go to Paris, London, and maybe even Rome! 
"It's beautiful. It's actually the place I proposed to Tania." Greg said, a romantic smile overtaking his features. For a split second, I thought I saw Tania smile, but then when she caught me looking, she replaced it with a scowl.
"Oh? How did you do it, if you don't mind?" I asked. 
 Greg smiled widely. "No! Not at all. See, we had been together for a while, and while werewolves don't usually need to have a proper wedding, we decided to have one, as memories for Alexis and Clarity." He stopped for a moment to recap, then continued. "Anyway, we were by the Eiffel Tower, right in the center. Sellers were cornering all around us, and I remember how nervous I was," he chuckled "So I dropped on one knee and rushed through my speech, asking her to marry me so quickly I had to repeat it to her!" 
 I stifled a laugh and Lucien shook his head, grinning his beautiful smile.
"I remember. You came to me in such a panic the week before your trip, asking me for tips and such. As if I knew anything!" 
 Greg scoffed. "Believe me, you did." He shot me a smile, and I returned it, if not, halfheartedly. 
 I bent my head to smell the wonderful delicacy of pasta underneath my mouth, so invested in Greg's story I hardly noticed that the food was done.
"How did you and Raleigh meet, if I may ask?" Tania asked, straining another smile.
  I looked at Lucien, urging him to tell the story. He sighed, setting his steaming fork down.
"I had to visit Jasmine's school for my inspection—she was the last on my list. I met Raleigh there because she had left her notebook in my sister's office…?" Lucien raised his eyebrow and me and I blushed, shoveling some food into my mouth.
"It slipped from my backpack!" I defended, swallowing.
"I'm glad it did though," I heard him murmur, which warmed my insides all over again. I smiled at him, and he mirrored my smile.
“I can tell it must’ve been a magical moment for the both of you,” Greg interrupted, glancing from Lucien to me. 
“Magical, and a bit confusing,” I added. “I mean, I didn’t know anything about werewolves and their existence until Lucien told me.”
“You weren’t supposed to know, really,” Lucien explained. “But I’m glad you didn’t overreact, even if my way of explaining wasn’t the best.”
“You didn’t feel any…erm…mate instincts when you met Raleigh?” Greg asked, frowning. 
“No…” Lucien’s words were covered in confusion. “What mate instincts?”
“You know…” Greg made some weird motion with his eyes, the color shifting from grey to gold, and Lucien suddenly nodded his head. 
“Ah, that instinct. No, I didn’t,” he replied. “If anything, I was more curious and excited than…that.”
Huh, I wonder what they’re talking about, I thought, not understanding what mate instincts they were saying. If Tania understood, she didn’t give me any hint, and Lucien certainly didn’t seem to want to talk about it. 
 Greg rolled his eyes. "Of course, you didn’t." He muttered. "Well, I know that feeling. I felt it when I met Tania."
"What feeling?" I asked finally. 
"When a male meets his female mate, they feel an intense sexual desire for them. Depending on the situation, most werewolves don't usually give in to the desire until heat, or until the female is ready. Sometimes, though, when one of the parties is unaware of the mate…instinct, I guess you can say, it results in…well…unfavorable results.” Lucien shook his head. “Wolves these days. So young, and so naïve.”
 Greg scoffed. "You are still young, Alpha." He said. 
 Lucien shrugged. "As young as thousands of years old werewolf can be, I suppose," he said, albeit a bit glumly.
  I frowned. Did he not enjoy being immortal? What was there not to like? The only thing promised in mortal life is death, and Lucien found a way to cheat death! What was so wrong about that?
"Ah, that pasta was good though," Greg said suddenly, averting my thoughts.
  I nodded, staring at my half-empty bowl. Lucien eyed me warily.
"Are you going to finish that? Or are you full?" He asked, bending down next to me. 
 My stomach gurgled softly, but I shook my head, resisting the delicacy below my lips.
  Lucien frowned, but still took the bowl away, placing it by the sink. Under her breath, I heard Tania mumble: "She can't even finish a small bowl? What kind of girl is she? What kind of mate will she be, when she can’t even satisfy her hunger? How will she satisfy her mate?”
 That hurt and my eyes stung. She was right. I couldn't even finish a small bowl of food. What kind of mate was I? He even stood there, cooking it right before me. I'm so stupid!
Lucien growled abruptly, and Tania stiffened. Her eyes glazed over, but when I looked at Greg, he was aimlessly washing the dishes, his eyes closed. Unlike him, Lucien's eyes were glazed and hard with concentration.
 He's mind-linking Tania, I heard the voice in my head murmur.
  I frowned. I didn't know he could do that, I said. The voice in my head laughed gently, but there was some light teasing to her tone as well.
He can do much more than that, Raleigh, he's the Alpha King! The voice exclaimed. 
 Like what?  I asked.
"Raleigh?" Lucien waved a hand in front of my face and I blinked.
"Huh?" I asked. 
 Lucien gave a relieved sigh. "You just spaced out for a second. I got worried." He said. 
 I shrugged. "It was nothing. I was just conversing with my…friend," I said. 
 Lucien hummed. “That voice in your head?”
"What voice?" Greg piped up. 
 Again, I shrugged. "I don't know. She's always been with me, helping me out in a sense. It's probably just myself. I was always told I had an imaginary friend. It’s probably just that. Imaginary." 
 Lucien and Greg both looked unconvinced, and Tania inspected her nails. She couldn’t have cared what it was. 
"How does she act? Is she like, always talking to you? Or only once in a while?" Greg asked.
"Most of the time she talks to me. She's like the mother I never had. Or a sister." I said, smiling fondly at the ground. I felt Lucien's sadness, and Greg's pity, egg off me in waves, and irritation flashed through my body.
They pity me, I whispered to my inside voice. 
 She made a sound of distress.
No! No, they do not pity you! She exclaimed. Yes, they feel sorry for you, but they also want to help you. To ease you and one day take away that pain.
Both? I questioned, now worried, especially because of Greg and Tania.
No sweetie, she laughed. Just Lucien, in the romantic sense. Greg as a friend.
What about Tania? I asked. 
 She sighed. Tania is...special. Time will tell to see what she does. She replied.
  I frowned. What do you mean?
Time will tell, my child. Time will tell. With that, the beautiful, silent voice retreated back into my mind, leaving me with two tall men staring down at me, one looking worried, the other anxious.
"What?" I asked. 
 Lucien knelt down. "Are you sure you're alright? Your eyes keep glazing over." He asked.
  Now that was starting to vex me. "Yes, I'm sure," I said, restraining my irritation. What part of 'Yes I am fine' do they not understand?
  Lucien seemed to sense my irritation, for he quickly stood and began to usher us out to the pack lands.
"We should start showing you guys around before dark. That way you can have a good night's sleep tonight and have a safe travel day tomorrow. How far is Rahway from here, again? Five, six hours?" Lucien asked. 
 Greg hummed. "I think so," He murmured. "I don't really use GPS. Tania does. Tani?"
"You're right dear, about that amount," Tania said. She had somehow gotten on Lucien's left, and I felt my walls and well as my jealousy rising. She was so close to touching him, and I hated that I felt so jealous over it. Tania was married, for God’s sake! I knew I shouldn’t be worrying about married woman and an unmarried man, but somehow, I was.
 Lucien took my hand as we reached the fresh, rain smelling air of the pack. He leaned down and whispered in my ear: "You're the only one for me, Raleigh. Don't you worry about anyone else." 
 My eyes widened. How had he picked up on my jealousy so quickly?
  Lucien only smirked, tapping his nose. 
 I groaned, slapping my forehead. Of course! He's a werewolf! He can smell my emotions!
"Um…yeah, I-I know," I stammered. 
Lucien's smirk only widened and his eyebrow cocked. "Do you?" He leaned closer. "Perhaps I should show you how much you mean to me?" 
“Uh...” He struck me speechless, probably the only person who had ever been able to do so, and I took my hand away from his, a reflexive action. Lucien’s eyes widened, as though he were snapping out of some trance, and I felt a bit sorry for moving away from him.
"Sorry, that was inappropriate," He murmured, still chuckling, but rubbing the back of his neck bashfully.
 I bit my lip, shaking my head silently. I knew I wanted to be with Lucien but was I ready? Could I keep thinking that he'd ever truly love a girl like me? All the other women he'd been with, if he had any, wouldn't they be better than me? I was just a girl who had no social life and no sense of self-respect whatsoever. I didn’t even know how to take care of myself! Lucien wasn’t taking on a mate/potential girlfriend. He was taking on a child…well, an eighteen-year-old young adult child, I guessed.
Lucien clicked his tongue lightly. "I don’t know what you’re thinking, but I know it isn’t something good. Don’t think like that. It’ll only ruin your mood,” he said, leading Greg and Tania off the side of the porch and onto the damp grass.
  I only glanced briefly at Logan and Drew's graves, too hurt and pained to keep looking.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
 "You're beautiful. Gorgeous, even! Has nobody ever told you that?" Lucien questioned.
  I shook my head, looking down. 
 "Well, you are. Others who didn't see that are blind. Stupid and blind." Lucien stepped closer to me, looking like he wanted to touch me, but holding back.
  Some heat rose to my cheeks, but it died down pretty quickly. He didn’t mind holding me when Logan and Drew died—why did he suddenly stop himself now? Was he holding back on something? Was he holding himself back? I admired it, I really did, but a part of me, although I knew I was still a bit uneasy, wanted his touch. Even if it was just holding my hand or a hug, it felt nice. 
"Are you ready? I... actually have to stop by the pack doctor to grab something for Raleigh, if you don't mind?" Lucien asked hesitantly. 
 Greg eagerly nodded, and Tania only shrugged, averting her eyes from Lucien.
  He didn't seem bothered by it. Instead, he laced his fingers with mine and led the couple to Lucinda's house, narrating different sights and houses on the way.
"Here we are," Lucien spoke nervously, his hands sweaty in mine. 
 I looked inquisitively up at him and beckoned him to my level. "Why are you so nervous?" I whispered.
"Lucinda and Greg were very much in love before Tania came into the picture. When Tania came into the screen, things didn't go very well with Lucinda. Long story short, they fought, Greg said some things, and Lucinda left in tears." 
 I winced. "That...doesn't sound very good," I said.
  Lucien nodded. "It wasn't. And I had to witness it all since I had to do her transfer papers." He shivered. "I've never seen a couple fight so brutally."
"Whose house is this?" Greg asked suddenly.
  Lucien's throat bobbed and he lifted his hand. "You'll see." I heard him murmur. 
 I bit my lip, glancing side to side as Lucien knocked.
 As soon as he did so, the door was thrown open and a beautiful, bright-looking girl that definitely wasn't Lucinda stood in the doorway. She was young, maybe in her late twenties, a vast contrast to Lucinda. She had wavy red and orange hair and wore a crop white shirt and jean shorts. Her eyes were a vibrant violet, searching the crowd until she met her eyes with Lucien's.
"Alpha!" She exclaimed. "How can I help you? Are you looking for Lucy?" She asked. 
"Yes. She said she had something for my mate, Raleigh." He said, pulling my hand. 
 Wren looked down at me and burst into a large smile. "Welcome, Luna! Aww...you're so cute! I'll get Lucy right away! C-Come in!" She hastily invited us into the house and Greg, and Tania, for once, stared at the large doctor's house in awe. 
 I fidgeted in my spot, nervous about how Greg would react to seeing Lucinda after a long time. It seemed that Lucien was nervous too. My nervous habit had become his nervous habit—playing with fingers. He bent and twisted my pointer, rubbing the tip.
"Alpha! Good to see you! I have the—!" Lucinda's jumpy voice ended abruptly as she entered the living room, we were standing in. Her eyes fastened on Greg's, and a low growl erupted from his throat. The same, possessive growl Lucien had whenever I spoke derogatory comments about myself.
Odd, I found myself thinking.
  Lucien eyed them carefully, as if he was thinking the same thing.
"Greg?" Lucinda's voice came out in a breathless whisper. Tears brimmed her eyes and Greg stood, unmoving. 
 His head flew up to his mouth, and his eyes welled up. "Lucinda...I... oh gods I'm so sorry!" He burst. 
 A few tears dripped down Lucinda's cheeks, but she furiously wiped them away, maybe angrily. "Yeah. Sure, you are." She spat. 
Tania looked uncomfortable standing there, as did I. 
 I tugged Lucien's hand. "Lucien said you had something you wanted me to use?" I questioned, trying to sound polite. 
 Lucinda barely nodded; her eyes trained on Greg. His breathing suddenly became uneven, and his hazel eyes were shifting into a dark color.
 Like when Lucien gets mad, the voice murmured.
  I hummed in agreement. Yeah. Something's up, and I don't like it, I said. 
 The voice only made a small sound. Perhaps, she said. We don't know, but keep an eye on Tania. I have a feeling she had something to do with this.
Okay.
"Ah! Yes, I did. H-Here." Shakily, Lucinda handed me a small plastic tube. 
 It had a handle on both sides, one having a blue-chip and a bar with two arrows around a small portion of the plastic. On the main plastic cylinder was a number line stretching from 0-4000, with a couple of lines in between. Connected was a long tube with a white mouthpiece, as well as a lightweight inside the cylinder and an arrow pointing to the number 500.
"What is it?" Lucien and I asked at the same time. 
 Lucinda gave us a weak grin, her eyes flickering to Greg, who's gaze remained solely on her body. She looked away quickly.
"It's a breathing tube, putting it plainly," Lucinda explained "Every day, I want you to breathe in as hard as you can and bring the blue plastic weight up. It will help you expand your lungs since they're slowly weakening, which can result in heart failure." 
 I couldn't help the frightened gasp that escaped my mouth and Lucien snarled, eyes glowing.
"Don't say that." He growled. 
Lucinda shrugged. "I'm not saying it'll happen if you do this." She handed me the small tube, her eyes darting back and forth between Greg and I.
  I took it, nodding my head so many times I thought it'd fall off. "I will. I promise!" I said. 
 Lucinda smiled longingly. "I know you will, Luna. Now," She turned to Lucien, who suddenly looked very sheepish. "Have you done the exercises I told you to do?"
 Exercises?
"Uh..."
 What exercises?
"I'll take that as a no," Lucinda muttered, rolling her eyes. "Make sure you do some today, only for ten minutes at least. I'm not saying you have to do it for thirty minutes!"
"Noted."
 Oh, stretching exercises…great…
"Good." Her eyes once again flickered to Greg, and I decided to do something about it. I was sick of them making googly eyes at each other, and at that point, I didn't even care if Lucinda and Greg were both mated.
"Tania, do you mind if I show you around the rest of the pack?" I asked. " You know? As a way to get to know you?" 
 Tania seemed hesitant, even scowling. 
 Lucien glanced at me and I averted my eyes. He could read my mind. He'd figure it out.
"I need a word with Lucinda and Greg anyway. Take your time, but stay on pack lines. Okay?" He asked.
"Okay," I said. I led Tania outside and we began to stroll down the packed street, pack members waving and smiling at us, pups running around us. We walked in silence until we reached by the borders. The patrol smiled at us as they guarded the area, their eyes steely and noses alert.
"What do you want?" Tania asked once we'd slowed to a stop.  
 My eyebrows shot up. "Excuse me?"
"What do you want? Didn't you want alone time with your precious Lucien?" She sneered. "Or are you encouraging him on a three-way?" 
 My anger flared and I glared at her. "First of all, I don’t know what I did to make you angry, but this stops now. We aren’t children anymore, and I don’t want to make an enemy already," I said firmly. "Secondly, I left Lucien there to resolve a serious matter, one you seemed to portray no interest in, so you'd better be quiet and think about your words before you speak to me. Understand?" 
 It was up until then that I realized we were both shaking, and that my voice had gotten considerably louder, more powerful.
Like Lucien, I thought. I looked at Tania, and her eyes held a cutting fear for me. I took a step forward to her, and she took one back.
"Tania, I—!"
"NO! Stay away from me! You...You freak!" She spat, tumbling to the soggy grass. 
 The words hit me like a sharp blade, but I still took another step forward, my eyes teary.
"Tania! I didn't mean—I don't know how—why!" 
 Suddenly, Tania's eyes enlarged. The grass rustled and stirred behind me, the hairs on my neck pricking and standing. A cold feeling washed over me and fear settled into the pit of my stomach.
 Tania scrambled to her feet. "Raleigh! Look out!" She screamed. 
Fear dug through me and before I could turn, I felt a sharp hit against the weak part of my skull, knocking me out cold.
A sinister laugh, Tania's screams, and the image of the pack lines fading with me.


Lucien: Chapter 12
 I should have known this was a bad idea.
 In hindsight, I think I already knew the reaction I would be getting from both parties would be shock and anger, but I guess I was too stupid to make a better decision. Besides, I did need to get that machine for Raleigh.
 When we walked in, Wren had luckily opened the door. Thinking that Lucinda was busy, I was going to ask Wren for the machine, but then Lucinda had appeared from the hidden doorway behind her bookshelf.
 And that's when all of hell broke loose.
 I didn't exactly catch who saw the other first, but I could feel the sheer anger and betrayal radiating from both sides. Greg looked more awestruck, as if he thought he'd never see Lucinda again after her pack transfer.
"Greg?" Lucinda asked, her voice a slight whisper, sounding in awe as well.
  I looked down at Raleigh, who was watching the exchange with quiet interest. I squeezed her hand and she looked up at me, confusion reflecting in her bright brown eyes. I only shrugged, hoping it was a way to tell her that I'd explain later.
 I saw Lucinda's eyes water. Some dripped down her cheeks, and when I looked at Greg, I noticed he too was crying. 
  His hand flew up to his mouth, tears tumbling down his dark cheeks. Tania stood next to him, just as confused as Raleigh. I caught her eyes and she looked down quickly, submitting. Good, she knew her place.
"Are you okay?" Raleigh whispered.
"Yes, I'm okay. Just...watching." I said. 
 Raleigh nodded.
"Lucinda...I... oh gods I'm so sorry!" Greg burst. His face reddened and tears began to fall rapidly.
Yeah, this was a bad idea, Caspian said.
Agreed.
 A few drops dripped down Lucinda's cheeks and she wiped them away furiously. Maybe even a little angrily.
"Yeah, sure you are." She spat. Drying her eyes, she turned her head away to calm herself. 
 Wren had disappeared into the back rooms as soon as Lucinda had appeared, and Tania stood uncomfortably by Greg, shuffling on her feet. 
 My own temper flared. Here was her mate, her husband, crying his eyes out and all she was doing was standing there? Sure, she didn't know the full story behind Lucinda and Greg, but she wasn't even trying to comfort him, which only made me angrier.
Luckily, Raleigh noticed.
She had been playing with my fingers, a nervous habit, I noticed, up until Lucinda had turned away. Her emotions flooded through me, and I felt sadness, not pity.
 That confused me. Wouldn't pity be a proper emotion for this situation? Why was she only feeling sadness for Lucinda and Greg? Sure, it was sad, but I pitied them, and I'd bet Tania pitied them—
—So why didn't Raleigh?
Mustering up the rest of my courage, I took a slight peek into her mind, knowing I'd be getting some things I'd have liked to see, and others I might not have wanted to see.
I don't want to pity them; I heard her think. If I pity them, I'd only be a hypocrite, and nobody likes pity. But I have to do something, otherwise, emotions will be flying all over the place!
Like a true Luna, Caspian and I thought at the same time. I smiled proudly.
She's learning, Caspian said excitedly. She'll be a great Luna!
She will, I hummed. She'll be our Luna.
"Lucinda, you said you had something you wanted me to use?" Raleigh questioned in that adorable, soft voice of hers.
  Lucinda piped up, smiling. Her hair had smoothed down, and her eyes had now dried, no trace of her previous anger evident.
Greg, on the other hand, was...a wreck, putting it nicely. His eyes were puffy and red, and his cheeks were tear-stained. They had flushed, which worried me since he had a very dark complexion. His hands trembled and shook, and Tania was doing absolutely nothing about it. Her dark eyes were surveying the room she was in, her nose crinkled in disgust.
Spoiled much? Caspian spat. 
 I chuckled. Probably, I said.
  He cackled and my eyes averted to the small, light looking plastic machine Lucinda was handing Raleigh.
"What is it?" We both asked simultaneously. 
 Lucinda laughed gently and Raleigh blushed.
"Sorry," She murmured. 
 I shook my head. "Don't be sorry. It was kind of funny." I said. 
 She flushed crimson. "Yeah..." 
 Lucinda began to talk, yet I only half paid attention to her. Tania's high-pitched voice had echoed in my head.
Alpha? What happened to Greg? Why is he upset? She asked. 
 I bit back a snarky remark I had wanted to make, composing myself.
There is some...history between Greg and Lucinda that I'd rather Greg explains to you Tania, I replied. 
 I felt Tania hum. Can you tell me a little? She pleaded. 
 I looked at her, and she was enlarging her big eyes, trying to use the same look she had twenty years ago when we were "together". I never told her, but it had always made me feel queasy when she did that. Unlike Raleigh, who it came naturally to, you could tell Tania was making an effort to look cute, which she did not.
If you stop making that frightening face, then I'll indulge you a little, I snapped. 
 Immediately, a neutral face appeared in place of Tania's puppy dog eyes and I sighed, relieved.
Thank god, I linked. 
 Tania scowled. Just get on with it, she snapped. I gave her a look. Alpha.
Better, I hummed. Now, I'll only say a little, but Greg and Lucinda were once very close acquaintances. 
 Tania growled, and I couldn't help but grin. 
 How close? She snarled.
Inseparable, I teased. 
 She snarled again.
"...which can result in heart failure." 
 My eyes snapped up to Lucinda, and I let a low growl out. Caspian was clawing around in my head and I felt my eyes glowing in a warning.
"Don't say that." I snarled. 
 Lucinda shrugged, handing Raleigh the machine. "I'm not saying it'll happen if you do this." 
 Raleigh bounced on her toes, nodding so many times I lost count. "I will! I promise!" 
  I smiled, and I saw Lucinda was smiling as well. Raleigh's eagerness, as well as her ability to make anyone smile, was addictive. I stroke her hair, lost in thought until Lucinda decided to utter the words that I dreaded.
"...Have you done her exercises?"
"Uh..."
"I'll take that as a no," Lucinda muttered, rolling her eyes. "Make sure you do some today, only for ten minutes at least. I'm not saying you have to do it for thirty minutes!"
"Noted."
"Good." Her eyes flickered to Greg again, and Raleigh's tiny hand slipped from mine. Taking a step back, she nodded to me.
"Tania, do you mind if I show you around the rest of the pack? Get to know each other?" 
  She didn’t tell me why, but as quickly as she had spoken, I caught onto what she was doing. She wanted me to resolve Greg and Lucinda's conflict, something I had been debating on for a while. Some may say that it wasn't my business to be included in, but in the werewolf world, marital affairs that were as knotted as Lucinda and Greg's couldn't always be left unattended for fear they ended in bloodshed. Unfortunately, it then became the Alpha's job to deal with it.
 Just my luck.
 Tania scowled, but agreed with a short tilt of her head, letting Raleigh lead her out of the house. Once I was alone with the ex-lovers, I gave them both a hard glare.
 "Talk, now. I don't care who goes first, but this conflict has to be resolved. It doesn't matter how long it takes; this conversation has been avoided for long enough." 
 Greg and Lucinda both looked at one another, then under my burning orbs, they took a seat on the couch opposite me.
 Silence enveloped the living room for a while, and seeing that neither of them were going to speak up for themselves, I realized I'd have no choice but to spoon-feed it to them. 
 "Lucinda? Greg?" I asked, prodding them. 
  They took another look at each other, then Greg sighed. I guess he was the first one up.
 "Lucinda and I met at a party. It was in early 2000, maybe 2001? I don't really remember."
 "Glad to know I'm not worth remembering." Lucinda sneered. 
  I looked at her, and she withered slightly. 
 Greg looked flinched, swallowing nervously.
 "Sorry, Alpha." She murmured.
  I stared at her for a few moments, then looked to Greg for him to continue. 
 He took a deep breath. "We had a one-night stand, and I guess after that we just began to meet in the same bars and parties over and over again, always ending in the bedroom." He looked at Lucinda, and she rolled her eyes.
"One day, he asked me to move in with him. I thought we were mates, so I agreed. We lived together for a while until Tania and Wren came." She said. 
 I frowned. "What happened then?" I asked.
 "Greg met Tania first, and it was like he was enthralled with her," Lucinda said with disgust. "He never looked at me like that, and I was hurt. We fought that same night...and..."
  Lucinda began to choke up, and Greg was humble enough to look ashamed.
"And I told her that she was never anything to me." He filled in. "I told her that I was only using her and that Tania was ten times better than her."
  I could feel my eyes widen. For Greg to be so overt about his feelings...that was quite unexpected of him. 
 "I left that same night. I was numb. I didn't believe a word he said. Then, I met Wren. She calmed me down, and we fell in love. I moved on, but the pain of your words still left their scars on me, Greg. It's like you didn't even feel the sparks or the full feeling when we were together." 
 Lucinda was crying now, and Greg, as much as he looked like he wanted to console her, did nothing.
  I frowned. "That doesn't make sense," I said.
"What doesn't?" Greg asked.
"You felt the sparks. You felt whole after sex. Why are you married to other wolves?" I mused. 
 Lucinda sniffled. "So, you're saying our mates aren't really our mates?" She asked.
  I shrugged, not wanting to give them any false hope, but also intrigued at the situation at hand. Nothing like this had ever happened before. "Maybe, maybe not. We'll find out, but first...please…?" 
 Greg and Lucinda looked at each other again, and I knew I didn't have to speak to relay my message. It was clear in both of their downcast eyes what they wanted.
 Greg was the first to act. He sighed and stood up, kneeling in front of Lucinda.  She watched him carefully, her eyes darting around the room, as if for a place to run.
 "Lucinda." Greg murmured. "I realized a long time ago what I said to you was a mistake. It was wrong. I never should have said what I did, and I wish I could go back in time and slap my younger self, but I never stopped loving you. No matter how much I did with Tania, it was never the same, as it was with you. When I saw Lucien doing your transfer papers, my heart broke, and I knew I made a mistake. I'm not asking you to forgive me, I'm just telling you what I thought you deserved to know."
  She was quite for a few moments, but suddenly, Lucinda, acting completely out of character, choked on her tears, and before I knew it, her arms were wrapped around Greg in a fierce hug. 
 He was shocked, his hands’ frozen mid-air, before he smiled gently and hugged her back.
  I watched, a fond look in my eye as the two old lovers finally spilled all their feelings out. I'll admit, it was a bit queasy standing there, knowing I was witnessing something that should have been behind closed doors, but my heart felt lighter knowing that I had at least one conflict resolved. 
Hopefully.
 "It may take me a bit to forgive you," Lucinda said, her voice trembling "But I believe we can start off as friends, yes?" 
 From the tense, desperate air surrounding them, I could tell it was half-hearted—that they both wanted to be together, but they restrained their feelings for the mates they already had.
 That's pretty weird though, don't you think, Caspian, I wondered.
 A little. Since when have two mated wolves pined for the other? And since when has there ever been a mate as distant as Tania, Caspian questioned.
 I don't know, but I want this solved. And I will solve it. Because if Tania and, I hate to say it, Wren are both lying about being Lucinda and Greg's mates, then that could result in them getting labeled as traitors and rogues, something you know I hate doing.
The law is the law, Lucien. Like it or not, if Wren and Tania are guilty, we have to, Caspian said.
  I sighed. That's true. Thanks for keeping me in check, Caspian.
 Anytime.
 "Are you guys okay now?" I asked. "I wanted the issue solved, not only for your benefit but because I know what it's like to carry guilt around with you."
 "Thank you, Alpha. Really, if you didn't force us here, then I'd bet Greg and I would've just ignored this for the rest of our lives," Lucinda said beaming. She looked like she wanted to say something, but refrained from doing so. 
 Greg clapped my shoulder, smiling warmly at me. "Yes, thank you, Lucien. I never thought I'd get my feelings off my chest." 
 He looked lovingly, yet sadly at Lucinda, and I realized that, as much as they denied it, they both still loved each other, very much.
  It was more than their one-night stands. More than their rough, heated sex moments. They truly loved each other, maybe even more than they loved their mates.
 If they even are mates with each other, Caspian muttered.  
 I rolled my eyes. "You should be thanking Raleigh, not me. She was the one who was able to give you some space. I never would've thought of that idea." I admitted.
 "Always the selfless one, eh, Alpha?" Greg teased. 
 I laughed shortly, shrugging. "I guess." 
 A dreamy sigh escaped my lips at the thought of my mate. What was she doing with Tania right now?
"I wonder how the Lunas' are?" Lucinda asked.
"Probably doing girls things," Greg said. He looked at me again, and frowned, as if remembering something he'd forgotten. 
"What happened with Tania upstairs, Alpha, if you don't mind me asking? She seemed upset after." Greg asked.
 I blinked. So, he really wasn't oblivious to trivial things about his mate.
"N-Nothing really. Just a past argument that needed an ending, just like you and Lucinda." I replied hastily.
  He didn't seem convinced, but he nodded when Lucinda elbowed him in the ribs.
"Oh...okay. I thought she had upset you, seeing how angry you were when you came downstairs." 
 I sighed. "It was nothing Greg. I've...known Tania for a while, and we had an argument a long time ago that she brought up again."
"Was it resolved?"
"Yes...hopefully."
"I'm sorry about her behavior with Raleigh. I don't know why she was so rude." Greg apologized, looking helpless about his wife's behavior. 
 Lucinda made fake retching sounds behind his back.
 "It's okay. I know she's still sour about the whole argument," I said, even if I was seething on the inside. I really didn't like Tania's behavior towards Raleigh, but again, another problem for another day.
 Suddenly, it felt as if a piece of me was missing, like a shot taken straight to my heart. I grimaced, taking a fumbling step back. 
 Greg and Lucinda were immediately surrounding me, quick to notice the movement I tried to hide.
"Alpha?! Alpha what's wrong?!" They questioned hurriedly, moving closer to me. 
 I snarled and they froze. Caspian began to howl in my head, giving me a massive headache. I growled louder, and Lucinda stiffened. She felt it too. She felt the loss, the pain.
"Lucinda! Lucien! What's happening?!" Greg practically yelled, petrified, but I couldn’t hear him. A distinct ringing in my ear grew louder and louder, like a siren. A warning.
 "Alpha!" 
 The door to Lucinda's house flew open and off its hinges. All three of us whipped our heads to the door, where Tania stood, sweaty, bloody, and out of breath. 
 I saw Greg hesitate, then rush over to his wife, helping her to the couch, which she was vehemently resisting.
 "Please, Tania! Sit! Let Lucinda heal you!" Greg pleaded.
  Tania freed herself from his grasp and turned her wild eyes to me, moving closer. The harsh pain returned, and as Tania moved closer, a cold, scary feeling washed over me. One that had Caspian clawing in my mind, begging, howling, snarling for release.
"Tania, I'm trying very hard to keep my composure, but Moon Goddess above if you answer this wrongly..." I took a shaky breath "Where. Is. Raleigh?" 
 It was like the atmosphere in the room had suddenly stilled, and Greg and Lucinda both turned accusingly to Tania, who was shaking and beginning to cry.
 "Tania!" I roared. "Answer me! Where is Raleigh?!" 
  I was becoming desperate, the fire scorching my chest, and Tania only sobbed harder, her body jolting with every wave of fear. Caspian was boiling with anger, on edge, and ready to pounce.
 "I'd suggest you answer him now, Tani," Greg ordered. 
 Tania shook. "Wait..." She coughed "I-I need...water!"
 "And you need those wounds bandaged." Lucinda handed her a cup and wrapped the gauze around her bigger wounds. "Now, what happened out there, Tania? Where is Luna Raleigh?" 
  Tania cried harder, which was slowly annoying me more and more by the second.
 "I-I can't! They did it! They—!" She choked up again, and I clenched my jaw, a louder, much more feral snarl of agitation leaving me. Greg and Lucinda both regarded me uneasily, my wolf on edge. 
 Lucinda sighed. "Tania!" She slapped the table next to Tania, and the girl stilled as if frozen. "I know you're in shock right now, but you need to tell Alpha Lucien exactly what happened. Why are you so bloody? Where is Luna Raleigh?"
  Tania took a deep breath to stabilize herself, then turned pity filled eyes on me. I growled. No wonder Raleigh despised pity so much. It looked hideous.
"We were walking by the cherry blossoms," she began, her voice barely above a whisper that I found it hard to believe that it was her. "And... I may have said some things that riled her up." 
 I shook my head. "Forget about what you said! What happened?!" 
 Tania gulped. "She used her Luna voice on me," she whispered, and if I wasn't so worried about her whereabouts, I would have been beaming with pride. "I was going to leave after that, but then..." She took another breath "A large wolf had crept up behind her and knocked her out from her head. I tried to fight back! I did! Patrol did too! B-But he was t-to strong!"
"No..."I whispered brokenly. "No!"
"I'm sorry Alpha. They kidnapped her." 
 Lucinda gasped and Greg stilled, both looking to see my reaction. My back was turned to them, but as I turned back to them, I heard their rallying howl, Tania included.
 "I'm done playing games." I snarled. "It's time I showed these rogues who's the real Alpha." 
 They howled again, and I felt myself shift as Caspian took over, his anger a fuel for him.
 We charged out of the house, three wolves hot on my tail. A couple of my stronger pack males and even a few females had been quick to understand what had happened, shifting and following me to the woods. I shook my black coat and howled into the musky evening, my pack howling with me.
We reached the dark borders of my pack, blood that was both Raleigh's and Tania's staining the green grass. I snarled, sniffing the dry blood and looking around.
Alpha, there's a problem, Conner linked me. 
 I looked at his dirty brown wolf, jerking my head. What?
 Cindy flanked my right, her eyes dark and boiling. Raleigh and Luna Tania had never left pack lands, she said.
WHAT!? I roared. 
 Everyone behind me whimpered, but Conner and Cindy stood tall.
 Yes. I can smell her last standing here when she was knocked out. By the looks of it, her kidnapper must be injured or unable to run properly. I can still sense her smell around the area. Someone must have let the wolves in, Conner said.
  I snarled. Then that means they're still somewhere in the forest! I turned to my pack, who now stood with their Gamma.
 All of you, go in groups of five and search the area bordering the border! Your Luna's kidnapper shouldn't be far. If you find them, mind-link the pack immediately, understand? I ordered. 
  My pack nodded, determination shining brightly in their eyes. Yes, Alpha! They said, running off in groups of five, just like I had ordered. 
 I took Cindy, Conner, Greg, and Tania with me, following where Raleigh's scent was the strongest.
This kidnapper is smarter than I thought, Greg said.
How so? Conner asked.
He's wandered with her all over the place, putting her scent everywhere to confuse us. Greg explained. 
 I growled. The scent is getting stronger, I said. We must be getting closer!
 True enough, after we had passed through rough, tangled thickets and thick vines, we reached a shadowy, cherry-filled clearing. I bade my group to hide behind the bushes, even if what I saw made me want to rip the wolf apart.
 Raleigh was cut everywhere, evidence of her trying to fight back. Her worst wound was on the back of her head, where the center was bleeding heavily.
That's where she was hit! I heard Tania exclaim. 
She was breathing hard, tears on her cheeks as she scrambled away from the wolf, who was prowling dangerously around her. 
 I growled, and Cindy hit me with her paw on the back of my head.
 Pipe down! She scolded. 
 I rolled my eyes and bared my teeth, but complied, linking for the pack to join us instead.
What's he going to do? Jasmine asked, once she'd arrived.
I don't know. Be quiet, lay low, and wait for the perfect opportunity, I ordered. 
 We watched with a bated breath as the wolf jumped closer to her and Raleigh jerked back.
"Get away from me! You freak! You monster!" She screamed. 
 The wolf only laughed, shaking his tan coat. His eyes gleamed with mirth as he neared her.
"Me? A freak? So, you're calling your precious Alpha a freak?" He questioned.
  Raleigh faltered. "I-no! I—" 
 The wolf tsked and I grit my teeth. "Exactly, my dear Raleigh. You see, you are something that you don't know. You have power, and I need that power to teach your imbecile Alpha a lesson."
Raleigh glared at him. "Don't talk about him like that!" She defended. "Lucien's the most wonderful man I've ever met, unlike you!" 
 The wolf paused, and Raleigh gulped.
  I looked at my pack. Wait for it...
"I've had enough of your mouth." The wolf spat. He rose on his two hind legs and Raleigh's fear washed over me. "It's time you learn what it really means to be a dominant wolf."
Now!
 I jumped from the bushes and pounced on him, knocking him off his feet and onto the dirt beneath us. We began to claw and battle, my pack either cheering me on or helping my mate stand and bandaged. I wanted to be with her, but I had a fight to win first.
 I had to admit, he was good, but he fought irrationally. He didn't think of the consequence of each paw he swung. At one point, I was able to land him on his back, my paw pressed directly onto his throat.
"Give up!" I growled, unsheathing my claw and digging it into his fur. 
 He whimpered, yet still glared at me. "Give up? Do you actually want a cripple as a mate? I was doing you a favor, getting rid of her..." He choked as I dug my claw deeper into his neck.
"Repeat that. I dare you." I snarled. 
 The wolf choked, but when I heard Raleigh scream, I lost my hold on him and he jumped up, almost knocking me off balance and he bounded into the woods. I growled and a couple of my pack members chased him off into the woods.
Do we go after him, Alpha?  Valentin, who got released this morning, asked.
 "No. Let him run. We'll get him next time. I know he'll be back again," I said, my eyes already wandering towards Raleigh's shivering frame. I shifted behind a tree, almost running to make sure she was okay. But then again, who would be alright after nearly being raped?
"Raleigh." I breathed, my heart lifting as I took her from Jasmine and into my arms, hugging her tight against me. 
 She was sobbing quietly, and slowly my pack began to filter back to their homes, now knowing that their Luna was safe. They didn't tell her directly, but they mind-linked me saying how happy they were to have their Luna back, even if she had been there for only a few days.
"Lucien! I-I was so scared! He said he w-would r-r-!"
"Shh..." I murmured. "You're okay now. You're safe. I promise that won't ever happen to you ever again, as long as I live."
 "H-How can you be so sure?" She hiccupped, moving slightly away from me so she could look into my golden eyes. I didn't know if she was trying to gauge my reaction, or to see how honest I was being about keeping my promise, but it didn't matter to me at the moment. She was okay, she was alive. That was what mattered. 
 I smiled gently, cupping her cheek and ignoring the burning eyes and quiet chants from Cindy and Jasmine.
"Because, now, everyone will know you are mine, mate to the Alpha King." 
  And this time, I didn't hold back. Not like before, when I was debating if I should or not. Not like before when always thought Caspian would be her first. Even he was shocked, but he wasn't complaining.
After an agonizing three days, battling with feelings and inner voices, in the heat of Raleigh's kidnapping, I claimed what was mine once and for all.
I kissed her.
 I used to think I'd have to wait for eons to kiss her, or for her to even respond to my kiss, but surprisingly, she was eager for it. Our lips molded perfectly together, teeth not even clashing once. 
 Cindy squealed loudly behind me, and I knew Greg and Jasmine were making a scrapbook of this. Tania, I didn't know, nor cared, what she was doing. Conner was trying to control Cindy, yet I didn't think of any of them.
All I thought about was kissing her.
 Raleigh's eyes closed almost immediately, and her small hands gripped fistfuls of my shirt, tugging me closer. My grip on her hips tightened and I put more pressure onto her mouth, greedily moving with her. She tasted sweet, and chocolaty at the same time, traces from our lunch gone. I was content to stay like that forever—
—until we needed to breathe.
We broke apart quickly, gasping for breath, our faces flushed red. Cheers from the remaining five—sorry—four rose around us. 
 Raleigh, now realizing that we had company, blushed and ducked into my chest, probably avoiding Cindy. I knew that girl would tease her later, no matter where Raleigh hid.
Conner grinned slyly at us, and I knew catching his eye was a mistake. 
 I groaned.
"So...first kiss, huh?"
"Conner!"


Raleigh: Chapter 13
 I just had my first kiss.
I couldn't believe it. It was like the world around me had stopped. Fireworks burst inside me, and for what seemed to be an eternity, I felt the peace and the heat that I had craved for the majority of my life. Everything was calm, and I even forgot for a few moments what had happened before our lips met each other.
  I didn't remember much from the tan wolf, or his attempt at kidnapping me. All I could think about was Lucien's dark black wolf pouncing right when he was going to...do something horrible, probably. I didn't see their fight, but knowing that Lucien had chased him into the woods had given me a sense of pride in him. He was my Alpha, my strong Alpha.
Lucinda, Cindy, Jasmine, and a couple of other female wolves had shifted as Lucien fought, helping to bandage my wounds and the big gash on my head that the rogue had given me. Lucinda said the bandages were only temporary, and that she'd be able to better help me once we had reached the pack. It was better than a concussion, at least.
  I saw her leave with Greg, which hopefully meant they had made up. Tania walked glumly next to Greg, maybe a little angrily? Then again, all I ever saw was an angry scowl or sneer on her face since I'd met her.
"Raleigh," Lucien's voice was barely above a whisper as he pulled me into a strong embrace. 
 I had stiffened for a second before relaxing, my long evening catching up on me. I didn't care who was looking, or what they thought of a seventeen-year-old girl crying, but I did. I bawled like a baby, my fatigue and fear spilling out with each tear. I knew it was childish, but everyone has to cry at some point. And the anxiety over the past few hours with that wolf just crashed into me like one big wave, knocking me off my pedestal and tumbling to the ground, as did my resolve to stay stone-faced.
 The pack filtered out of the woods behind me, Lucien's eyes glazing over many times, yet his strokes on my hair never faltered.
"Lucien! I-I was so scared! He said he w-would r-r!" I choked out and Lucien shushed me gently.
"Shh..." He murmured. "You're okay now. You're safe. I promise that won't ever happen to you ever again, as long as I live." 
 At first, my breath caught in my throat, unsure but somehow realizing what he meant. Then, it sped up and I pulled away to look at him in the eye.
 "How can you be so sure?" I whispered. I'd been told those lies all my life. Nobody had been there for me. And when they were, they ended up like Logan: Killed. 
 Lucien only smiled, cupping my cheek. His thumb ran lovingly over my lips and my mouth parted. We were only inches away from kissing, and while I thought we were going to take it slow, the tension between us was getting unbearable. Like knowing you're so close to the finish, but still so far.
"Because now, everyone will know you are mine, mate to the Alpha King."
  Lucien gazed at me for a moment, before his lips smashed onto mine, the toll of our night and his desperation to find me burning into our kiss.
  I was surprised, but only for a moment, eagerly trying to meet his demanding mouth. His hands gripped my hips, keeping me close to him. I had trouble finding a comfortable spot for my hands. I wandered all over his chest, gripping his shirt here and there, until I finally intertwined my fingers behind his head, keeping his mouth on mine.
  A feral growl tore from Lucien's throat and I grew cold, remembering that males preferred to be dominant. A competitive fire ignited in me. I wanted to be in control as well, but I had no clue how to lead a kiss!
 Conceding to his growl, I released my grip on his head, and soon, once he'd regained control, we broke apart with a gasp, breathing heavily. 
 The five that remained behind us cheered, and I immediately slapped myself internally. How could I forget they were here! Oh, gods, that was so embarrassing! I buried myself into Lucien's shirt, and he grinned, kissing my forehead and laughing.
Conner looked especially devious. His brown eyes shifted between Lucien and me, and our proximity. I stiffened, and from the way Lucien's shoulders tensed, he knew Conner was about to crack a joke.
"So... bedroom next time?" He teased. 
 I squeaked, loud. Lucien growled and Cindy burst out laughing. Jasmine giggled, covering her mouth with her hand.
"Conner," Lucien warned, even as his eyes darkened. 
 My heart leaped and to avoid any teasing eyes, I looked at Lucinda, who was observing us from afar with a gentle smile on her face.
"If you don't mind, Alpha? I'd like to take the Luna to my office for a quick check-up, as well as re-bandage her wounds." She interrupted. 
 Lucien became serious again. He bent down, hoisting me into a bridal position in his arms. "Okay." 
 One word, spoken quietly, yet with so much power. Everyone immediately agreed, their Alpha's words were spoken loud and clear. The leaves began to crunch with the footsteps of werewolves—of shifters walking a few paces behind their leader. 
 I kept close to Lucien, his warmth and protective aura comforting me. His muscled arms were tense, and the thin white shirt he wore did nothing to ease my wild imagination. Feeling his hard-worked strain under his shirt had my body feeling things I never thought I'd feel in my life for any man. Then again, Lucien wasn't just a man. He was a leader. An Alpha. A King.
 Lucien sighed, and my body shifted in his arms.  I grunted; pressure too tight on my wounded arm.
"Are you okay?! Is something hurting?!" Lucien asked, panicked. 
 I popped my arm from underneath my back, wiggling it above the air. "No, not anymore. I was just laying on my arm." I replied. 
 Lucien growled, his eyes inspecting every bruise and cut I had received from the rogue. "I'm sorry," He murmured. "I shouldn't have let you go on your own. I should have been with you." His voice cracked and he sounded broken—hurt. 
 My chest ached for him, and I wanted to console him—to tell him it was alright. To rub the tension away from his sharp cheeks, just as he had always done to me. It made me feel pathetic that I couldn't do anything. Cindy was able to console Conner. Logan had been able to console Drew. Why was I the weak one? Lucien needed someone stronger as his Luna. Not a stringy noodle-like me. 
I bit my lip, a nervous yet comforting habit. Somehow, no matter how gross it sounded, I enjoyed the stinging, painful feeling of blood seeping from my open lip wounds. It helped me stay grounded—helped me remember that life wasn't perfect.
"Raleigh? Raleigh, don't do that!" 
 Immediately, I released my lip from my teeth's harsh grasp and looked up at Lucien, startled. "What?"
"You're making yourself bleed! Don't do that." Lucien repeated, wiping the blood trickling down my chin. 
 I clenched my jaw, looking away. "I deserve it."
  Lucien's eyes glowed, and in the darkening night, he looked even more feral and dangerous than the rogue did. Was it wrong that his eyes somehow made me feel too warm for comfort?
 He slowly wiped the blood away, and once he was done; he pressed another kiss onto my already bruised lips. This time, though, the kiss was forceful and demanding, like he was trying to kiss his way into convincing me otherwise.
"You don't deserve it. Don't ever let me hear that again. You deserve more than anyone else in the world and you know it." Lucien dropped his voice to what sounded like a sultry murmur. "And I'll be sure to give you all that you deserve." 
 My face warmed and my stomach did flips at the dangerous promise in his voice as he averted his eyes from me to the path, his orbs glazing over. I looked back at Conner. His dark brown eyes were also hazy.
"Raleigh, do you remember what exactly the wolf did to you while taking you?" Lucien questioned gently, shaking his head slightly as his eyes returned back to normal.
 I frowned. "Not really. I had been knocked out for the most part, but I do remember him muttering something about the...Moon Goddess? I'm not too sure. He also said I had power? That he wanted that power?" I scoffed. "Like I'll ever let him have whatever 'power' I have."
"That's right, girl! You show that son of a—!" Lucien and Conner both glared at Cindy and she grumbled. "—gun who you are!" 
  I flushed. "...It's nothing," I mumbled. 
  Lucien hummed. "After the hospital, there are some things I have to tell you. Unless you'd rather wait until tomorrow if you're feeling tired?"
  I shook my head, dread settling in the pit of my stomach. Maybe now he figured out I was no good for him. That's probably it. There was no way it was anything good.
"N-No... It’s okay." I murmured. 
 Lucien smiled warmly at me, bending to press a tender kiss to my forehead. 
"Don't think like that, Raleigh," I heard him say quietly, so only I could hear. "I would never, ever do anything like that to you. I love you so much...too much to ever cast you away." 
"Do you?" I asked. "Do you really love me?" 
 Another kiss, even gentler, almost ghostly, settled on my lips and I eagerly begged for more, which my mate bemusedly complied with.
"Raleigh, I love you more than you'll ever know. I know you may not be ready to say that in return, and I understand, but just know you have me, and you have the pack. We'll always be here for you, no matter what." Lucien proclaimed.
"I-I may not be ready to return that sentiment, but...I do care for you, Lucien. I really do." I said quickly. 
 Lucien shook his head, laughing quietly. "I know, sweetheart, I know."
 My heart leaped. That was the first time I heard Lucien bestow a nickname upon me (although he might have done it before), and somehow, even though I liked the way my name rolled off his tongue, I also liked the nickname.
  We continued our walk through the forest quietly, even the conversation behind us simmering down until all we heard were the hesitant sounds of the damp forest. The pack lines were becoming clearer now, and I was surprised just how far the wolf had carried me while I was knocked out. I looked down on the dry grass, where a stain of blood caught my eye. I felt bile rise in my throat and I turned away from the sight quickly. Having nothing else to occupy myself with, I spent the next few minutes studying Lucien. 
 He was handsome, I already knew that. Looking at him now, though, with the moon highlighting his wolfish features, I saw more of the shifter, the werewolf, his pack saw. I saw the darkly covered wolf with vibrant, promising, and feral eyes. Golden eyes with black specs, promising a dirty and gruesome end. 
 At least, that was what others seemed to see when they looked at Lucien. When I looked at him, though, I saw the beautiful bedroom eyes Lucien used in the morning when I woke up, greeting me gently. I saw the brave, steady wolf willing to do so much for his pack...for his family...for his mate.
 Lucien suddenly smiled, and while I didn't know what he was smiling about, I suddenly felt apprehension bubbling high in my stomach as we strolled into the pack hospital. It wasn't like Lucinda's office, where everything was homey and comfortable. No, this place reminded me of when I had no friends; when I was bullied; when I was alone.
 The walls were white—pure white. It felt as if I was in the MRI again, with the pure colored walls closing in on all sides of me. Werewolf doctors and nurses filed around, all stopping to bow in respect when they saw Lucien. 
 He nodded, and Lucinda led us to a quiet, secret room close to the exit.
 The room was just as dark, if not, darker than the hallway outside. It was very plain, only a couple of machines left on standby. A bed and a couple of crinkled, coarse blankets caught my attention, and Lucinda directed Lucien to lay me on said bed. He did so, and as Lucinda was typing something onto the computer, Lucien studying behind her, Jasmine and Cindy flanked either side of the bed, taking my hands.
"We're glad you're okay, Raleigh," Jasmine said, speaking softly.
  I tried for a smile. "I'm glad I'm okay too," I said. 
 Cindy sniffled. "It was scary, not only for you but for us too." She said, squeezing my hand as if to make sure I was still there. "When the Alpha found out you were kidnapped, his eyes grew so black I thought Caspian would be in control permanently! He looked so anguished, so desperate and angry, more than I've ever seen him if he ever shows emotion." 
 I looked over to Lucien, whose eyes quickly flickered back to Lucinda's screen.
"I'm sorry," I said. "I didn't mean to cause so much trouble." 
 Jasmine sighed. "It's not your fault, Raleigh. It's the rouge's fault. And trust me when I say Lucien will find him and make him pay, dearly." 
 I shivered. When she said pay, did she mean…death? For me? Oh, god no! I wasn’t worth that much—and to kill someone over it? Was that how they lived regularly? 
  Cindy thankfully decided to change the topic, which I kinda wish she didn't, since her topic made me the subject to more embarrassment.
"So... how was that kiss?" She teased.
"Um..." I faltered, feeling my cheeks warm, and Cindy squealed.
"C'mon, Raleigh! Tell us! How was it?" She begged. 
 I looked at Lucien again, who definitely heard us. He was covering his mouth, his eyes crinkled, which meant that he was laughing. 
 I blushed harder and turned to Cindy. "If I tell you, will you promise not to tell anybody?" I asked.
  Cindy nodded vigorously, then paused. "Can I tell Conner?"
"What? Oh—Fine! Just Conner, okay?" I ordered. 
 Cindy nodded, but I'm sure I heard her mutter something about future kids under her breath.
  I rolled my eyes. "Well...it definitely wasn't how I imagined a kiss to be like. I thought it'd be sloppy, but instead, it was sweet, wonderful, and... somehow demanding, in the sense that it felt good? I dunno. I just really enjoyed it...and I hope he does it again." 
 Cindy let out a loud laugh, and Jasmine shook her head fondly.
"Believe me, he will do it again. For the rest of your lives." She promised. 
 Cindy grinned at me. "And he'll do more than just that," She added.
 They got up from the bed with a final, knowing look, before Lucinda rolled over, her chair squeaking as she stopped before me.
  Lucien took the spot Cindy had, taking my hand.
"It'll be a quick check-up, okay? No stitches or anything. Just a re-wrap of bandages." He said softly.
  I nodded; thankful he wasn't talking too loudly. I already felt a massive headache, and I think Lucien knew that. 
"Can I see your arm, Luna?" Lucinda questions softly, grazing my bruised arm.
  I winced, but placed my arm onto her outstretched hands, and she ran her thumb over the gash slowly. I hissed, squeezing my eyes. Lucien gripped my hand, and I heard him suck a breath.
"What?" I asked. I looked at my skin and my eyes began to widen. 
 There, right before my eyes, my own skin was glowing! It shone a bright white and blue light, enveloping the entire room. 
 I closed my eyes to keep from the glare, and when I reopened them, the wound was healed, almost invisible to the naked eye. 
 Gasps went around the room and I saw Lucien and Lucinda both look at me, surprise evident in their eyes.
  I squirmed under their gaze. "What?" I asked, as confused as they were. What just happened? Where did that light come from? That wasn't Lucinda, was it? Or Lucien?
"R-Raleigh...what did you do?!" Lucinda asked, not demanding, but amazed.
 I gulped, staring at my arm. "I-I don't know! All I did was look at it! That's all!" I defended. 
 Lucien, still in his dazed stupor, ran a thumb gently over the thicker part of my arm, his eyes hazy. 
 Conner frowned. "Do you think so?" He asked out loud. 
 Lucien glared at him and he withered.
"What?!" I asked. 
 Everyone traded glances with each other, and it was times like these that I wished I was a werewolf. Maybe I'd get at least a hint about what they're thinking!
"I-It's something we'll have to look into for another day." Lucien finally said out loud. 
 I let out a breath I didn't know I'd been holding, and Lucinda looked skeptically at my arm.
"But, Alpha—!"
"Another day, Lucinda," Lucien repeated sternly. Lucinda nodded, bowing her head. "The pack is tired—we—you included-are all tired. We'll have this conversation another day. Apart from...the display, we saw earlier, is Raleigh okay?"
  Shakily, Lucinda nodded, her eyes still glowing. "Yes. She's all better. I'd just suggest some rest, nothing too hard or heavy for the Luna to do." She said.
  Lucien nodded without any emotion, and I remained quiet. Conner's eyes glazed over, and he murmured something to Greg, leading him and Tania out of the room, presumably to their room at the Alpha Palace. 
 Greg cast Lucinda a longing look, one she tried very hard not to return. Cindy followed quietly, and Jasmine led Lucinda out of the room, leaving Lucien and me alone together.
I watched Lucien as he began to clean the room up slowly. He was just as conflicted as I was, I could feel it. Had I done something wrong? Should I say anything about it? No, whenever I asked, David would only get mad at me.
I bent my head, feeling Lucien lift me into his arms again. I had no energy left to fight back, so I let him carry my limp body into the Alpha House. It was quiet, except for the guest floor that Lucien made an attempt to quickly pass, even though we both heard loud, arguing voices coming from Greg and Tania's room. 
 I frowned, and I'm sure I felt Lucien tense. It must be a big argument.
Soon, we reached our room, with Lucien setting me gently on the bed. I watched him curiously as he worked around the room, stuffing papers into drawers and picking clothes up from the floor. As he cleaned, I limped my way into the bathroom. Hastily, I brushed my teeth and cleaned my torso and down, something I'd do whenever David was impatient to have shower business with Lexi.
  It had always disgusted me to shower in the same shower they did their business, and I even felt bad for the small kids who I had to help shower. Their minds so innocent, they wouldn't even dream of a white stain being the cause of two lovers lost in the sensation. Believe me, I had one say it was a milk stain.
I exited the bathroom stealthily, quietly. Lucien was pacing by the open balcony, the breeze ruffling his beautiful hair. His eyes flickered up to me as I neared him. He gave me a half-smile, picking me up easily and hoisting me on his waist, giving me a better view of the sprawling pack before me. Lights were flickering on in houses, children running inside on their mother's calls. I smiled and leaned on Lucien's shoulder, his hand coming up to stroke my hair.
"You're not mad?" I asked. 
 Lucien turned his face to mine, frowning. "No...? Why would I be mad?" He asked.
  I shrugged. "I don't know. Everybody didn't seem too happy with it..." I looked at my arm, where there was now a light silver streak where my wound once was. 
 Lucien traced over my scar, his breathing matching mine. "No... No, sweetheart, nobody was mad at you. I wasn't mad at you. We were just...shocked. Healing can happen on a wolf, but white healing on a human? That's unheard of, that's all." He sighed, burying his face into my hair. "It's probably because you're an Alpha's mate. Don't worry too much about it." 
 I frowned, unconvinced, but found myself nodding to his request. "Okay," I said uneasily.
  Lucien looked back at the glowing pack behind him before he walked back into the bedroom, shutting the doors behind him. I gripped his arms as he laid me on the bed. Kissing me softly, he pulled away with a regretful look. "I have to shower and brush my teeth. Mind waiting a while?" 
 I nodded, and with one last kiss, he was gone, leaving me to my own random thoughts. Thinking about Lucinda and Greg. About Tania and her conversation with Lucien. There was so much to learn about werewolves—so many feelings to take in and understand. It seemed impossible, but somewhere, deep in my mind, I realized that I had a lot of people depending on me. Whether I liked it or not, I had to accept the feelings at some point.
 Lucien was quick in the shower, coming out of the steam-filled bathroom with a floppy mess of hair and a tank-top and sweats. His tattoos were what intrigued me the most, though. They were all winding and binding around his bulging arms. 
 There were many words in many different languages, the most being in Hindi and Arabic. He also had a wolf tattoo, as well as a couple of other abstract, random types. After drying his hair with the damp towel, he slid opposite of me, keeping a respectful distance, but also laying close enough for me to touch him.
 I reached over after a couple of beats of hesitation, paving my fingers gently up and down his arms, tracing the intricate patterns and words that made no sense to me.
"Do you like them, Raleigh?" He asked finally.
"Hm?"
"My tattoos. Do you like them?"
"Yes. It's fun to trace, and they look really good on you." I replied without thinking.
 He laughed, following my eyes with his over a particularly large scar with a dent on the side. The skin there was soft, almost tender. 
"I got them to hide my scars from battles with packs." He murmured, brushing his fingertips against mine. "I didn't think they looked good—only now I regret it."
"We all regret something, I guess,” I said, looking up at him. “But it’s too late now, right? Besides, it’s given me something to do when I’m bored.”
 “What?”
 “Try and figure out what you have written all over you.”
 Lucien laughed and for a moment, I almost forgot the really important thing he wanted to tell me about in the hospital, but didn’t.
"What did you want to tell me at the hospital? You said you had a couple of things to tell me?" I asked, tilting my head to the side. 
 Lucien cleared his throat, his eyes shifting to and fro, and I could tell this was going to be a long night. 
 "Well, the easiest topic to talk about now...my mom is coming from New York to visit me. She wants to meet you." He said. 
 I froze. "S-She does?" 
 Lucien nodded, wrapping his arm around my shoulders. Something tensed inside of me, wanting to pull away, but I resisted. This time, I wanted the assurance he willingly provided.
 Letting him move closer to me, he left a soft peck on my cheek, on my eyebrow, on my lips. In a way, it was like he was trying to calm me—like he could feel the rapid beat of my heart.
"She'll love you, Raleigh, I promise. She's been waiting for my mate for so long. Besides—" he gave me a half-smile. "—she also has…muscular dystrophy." 
 I was nodding up until his last sentence, when I paused to let my brain compute what he had just told me. 
 “Wait…she’s also like me? Cause there’s a bunch of other MD kids out there and—!”
 “No, I think it’s the same as you,” Lucien said, swiping at his eye. “I’ve heard it’s pretty rare, so you can probably imagine how surprised I was that both my mate and my mom had the same…gift.”
 I frowned at his word choice, but decided not to correct him. I wasn’t up for a nightly spar.
 “So, she’s coming because we both have the same disabilities?” I asked, unable to hide some of the excitement seeping into my voice. I had never met anyone like me before—my type of disability was rare among females. Actually, I’m kinda surprised Jasmine didn’t have it, or Lucien, since it’s a genetic gene.
"Yep. That's part of the reason she's excited to meet you. The other part is that she wants to embarrass me." He admitted bashfully. 
 I couldn’t help the amused scoff that left my lips. "When's she coming?!" I asked.
"Sometime next week. Maybe Monday or Wednesday. I'm not sure." Lucien replied.
 "Oh…well, that gives us some time to prepare,” I mumbled, already doing some calculations in my head. “But, wait. What else did you want to say, apart from that?" 
 Lucien looked embarrassed now, maybe a little uncomfortable. "Raleigh, do you know what heat is?" He asked. 
 Frowning, I shrugged. "Maybe? I’ve heard it’s like…intense pain? I don’t know—they don’t usually go into detail in the books I’ve read.”
 Perking up a bit, Lucien nodded. "Yes, but it’s a good kind of pain…well, no not really. But it also makes the males really, and I mean, really lustful for their mates. Don’t ask how it works on women…I’m not sure…although I have been curious.”
When Lucien saw me staring at him, head tilted and eyes narrowed, he stopped babbling, flushing. If I wasn’t thinking about why he was telling me all of this, I would’ve taken the chance to tease him.
"Are you saying...I'll be having heat?" I asked cautiously, as if I was hoping that the answer would be negative.
 Solemnly, Lucien nodded. "Yes, and my desire for you will be amped up a lot. It'll make it unbearable not to touch you…um…actually, forget I said that. You know what, just forget that! I…that was stupid. I shouldn’t have said any of that—you aren’t ready, and—!”
 He moved to rise from the bed, but my arm jerked out and grabbed his wrist, causing him to stop and turn.
"Lucien…you’re right. Maybe that was too soon,” I said, and if Lucien had ears on his head, I was sure that they would be flopped against his hair, however his eyes remained on me, so I gathered up the courage to continue. “I understand that you’re just trying to warn me…or…er…inform me, maybe? But…I’ve never done any of this before.” I looked down at my legs. “I’ve never kissed anyone. I…don’t know what it’s like to be loved by a man in the sense that you’re offering. So, I guess if I’d rather do anything, I’d rather do it with my mate, don’t you think?”
  A low growl rumbled from Lucien’s chest and Caspian’s influence painted greedily over his warm golden eyes, mostly in agitation. “But you aren’t ready…for any of this,” he whispered. “I’m rushing you, and you…you need your time. I literally just took you away from the only home you’ve ever known—!”
“With my consent,” I interjected. “I’m eighteen, almost nineteen, Lucien. I’m not some baby. You don’t have to treat me like one.”
“I’m not! I’m not! I just…” my hand slipped from Lucien’s and he turned away from me, tendrils of his beautiful dirty blonde hair kissing his cheeks. “I’m scared.”
I blinked. “You’re…scared?” I repeated. “Scared of what?”
“Scared of loosing you, just when I found you,” he mumbled. “Raleigh, you’re young. You have your whole life ahead of you. And here you are, with me, someone you barely know and just agreed because…of a mateship? I could be lying for all you know!” Lucien paused, and for the first time since knowing him, the beautiful luster of his eyes dimmed, as if his whole body was shutting down at the thought. “You trust too easily, it’s scary. Scary how many people in my world can manipulate you with a snap of their fingers. You deserve someone better. Not me.”
A part of me wanted to comfort him, just as he had done to me, but another part of my body flared with irritation. He thought he had the right to say what I deserved and what I didn’t? If anything, he didn’t deserve me. He deserved a beautiful, normal woman who could rule like a true Queen. Not some weirdo like me. 
 In my hold, I felt his arm tense, and quickly, I decided to stop thinking anything derogatory about myself for fear this moment would turn into an argument. I wasn’t in the mood for fighting.
So, instead, I took a deep breath, released his hand, and stood up. I could never match Lucien’s height—he was practically a giant compared to me, but I planted my hands on my hips, and dug my feet deep into the carpet surrounding his bed, trying (and probably failing) to look intimidating. 
“First of all,” I began “I think I can choose who I want to be with in life. You’re right—I don’t know you very well, but isn’t that what dating is for? To see if we’re compatible or not? I’ll admit, you and I…I’ve never expected this…” I trailed off, an image of a blue-eyed brunette boy I had known so well before Logan flashing through my mind, but I swallowed the dry pill of realization that he was gone and flicked my eyes up towards Lucien, who was still looking at me. 
“You don’t like me, do you?” He finally asked miserably, probably taking my silence for rejection.
I refused the impulse to roll my eyes at that. “Of course not,” I said sternly, and it reminded me of when I used to scold the children in Lexi’s home—they were all younger than me, and even though Lucien was older than me by centuries, he looked like a child in the moment, distraught and…maybe a little afraid?
“Then what?”
“I…like you,” I said. “I’m not sure I can love you yet, or maybe I do and I just don’t know how to embrace that emotion, but you didn’t make me feel uncomfortable at all. This is your world. I have to get used to it.” I paused. “But that doesn’t mean that I’m okay with heat, at least, not right now. Like I said before, maybe you mentioned it too soon? I get that you wanted to warn me, but if I want to love someone else…well…” I dropped my eyes towards the ground, then dragged them up to the open balcony, gazing at the sky. “I have to be accepting of myself first.”
Lucien was silent for a few moments, then, although he looked reluctant, nodded. 
 “You’re right,” he said “That’s more important than anything else that may come in the future. You’re a human, after all. I don’t know being a werewolf’s mate will take a toll on you, if it does anything at all.”
 “Yeah…” My lips felt dry and my words were uncertain. It was in quiet moments like these that I wondered what exactly I had gotten myself into. I didn’t regret anything, per se, but sometimes I just had to remind myself that this wasn’t a normal relationship and Lucien wasn’t a normal guy. He was a werewolf—an Alpha. He had expectations that I probably couldn’t meet up to, but he still stayed with me. He accepted me despite my flaws, and maybe that was because he grew up with a parent with the same disability I did, or he was desperate. He trusted me to see his vulnerable side (well, as vulnerable as admitting your fear is) and yet…
 “What’s wrong?” Lucien spoke before I could. The bed dipped under his weight as he took the spot next to me, his eyes searching my face. 
 “Nothing…well…it’s just…” I fumbled with my words. “You trust me, right?”
 “Of course,” Lucien answered immediately. “I don’t have a doubt in that. Why?”
 I glanced away from him, but a smile prickled at my lips, and I said what I thought I would never say to anyone ever again. 
 “I trust you too.”
Lucien: Chapter 14
 Greg and Tania left the next evening. 
 Our goodbyes were short and sweet. Greg promised to visit again, this time hopefully without any drama. Tania had her head held high; her nose pushed up in the air. She was sneering down at Raleigh, who was oblivious to her repulsed sneers. Her cold hand was slipped loosely in mine, sending excited sparks down my body. Her kiss still ghosted over my lips, haunting me all last night. 
 I brushed my thoughts away. Right now, we were saying goodbye to Greg and Tania. We had set up a date where we would meet again, right before the annual packs gathering. Basically, a bunch of Alpha's meeting in neutral territory to whine to me about their non-existent problems in order to gain more land. I never did buy any of their crap, but now that I had a mate, I had to bring her along...which posed a new problem.
 Raleigh didn't fathom attention.
 It's not like she denied it from me—no she enjoyed the attention I gave her. I felt that. I felt her need and happiness whenever I peppered her with kisses or simply hugged her in the middle of the night. 
 No—she disliked female attention. 
 I had first noticed that when we went to the mall (I already forgot its name), when all the women in the store had paused whatever clothes they were looking at in order to do an eye interrogation of my mate. 
 And Raleigh noticed. 
 And she hated it. 
 Despised it. 
 I don't think they were doing it to be mean...most of them. I think they were genuinely curious, maybe even attracted to her. Humans that weren't part of my pack or my mate were harder to read, even as an Alpha King. 
 But I knew Raleigh, and I knew how stubborn she was. She was shy—is shy, yes, but when she doesn't want to do something, she'll fight to the death or find any way to avoid doing that certain activity. 
 Before they left, I pulled Greg aside to talk to him. I regretted leaving Tania and Raleigh together at their own disposal, but he already had a relationship with his mate...possibly. The whole Tania and Lucinda thing still confused me, and I wasn't sure exactly how to react to them, but I did know Greg had more experience in mating and mates than I did. 
 Once I told him my problem, his mouth immediately formed a frown, thinking.
 "Well...you remember Tania's first time coming with me to the meeting. She was nervous as hell, and she was also pregnant with Clarity so that just put her hormones on overdrive." 
 "I remember," I murmured, one eye watching Tania and Raleigh carefully. They were standing a few feet away from each other, glancing at each other a couple of times, then looking away just as quickly.  
  I sighed. “It was a hell show, Greg, putting it nicely.
 He shook his head, chuckling lightly. "Raleigh will be fine, Alpha. I would just suggest that you stay near her. It seems like your presence makes her feel better," he suggested.
  I nodded. "Thank you, Greg. Usually, I wouldn't give two damns about the meeting, but now with Raleigh with me, things...changed." I sighed dreamily and Greg smiled knowingly.
 "I know what you mean, Alpha. Believe me, meeting Lucinda was the best day of my life." He said. 
 I was about to nod, but something about what he said made me pause. "What did you say?"
 "What did I say?"
 "You said Lucinda...not Tania."
 "Did I?" Greg frowned. He rubbed his bearded chin, thinking of what we had just talked about. 
 I bit my lip anxiously, glancing back at Raleigh. She had moved closer to Tania, and Tania looked visibly disgusted, her nose scrunched and her eyes narrowed. She took a step to the side as Raleigh moved closer, and I could feel her hurt surge through me in a powerful wave. 
 I snarled lowly and Tania's head snapped up. I glared at her, and she tried enlarging her eyes again, but when I scoffed, she sighed and turned to Raleigh, as if that was a chore for her to do. 
 "Yes, you did. You said meeting Lucinda was the best day of your life." I put a hand on his shoulder. "Are you still in love with Lucinda, Greg?" 
 Greg's jaw clenched and he turned away. “No, I-I’m not,” he stammered. “I…why would I? After all, I have a wonderful mate and two lovely girls. I’m definitely not thinking about Lucinda.” He laughed, but it was cynical, in a way. His grey eyes grew darker, and his breathing became labored. His wolf was taking over.
 A wave of panic crashed through me, and this time, they weren’t Raleigh’s feelings.
They were mine.
 "Greg? I'm not upset, Greg! Confused, yeah, but mad—no! Snap out of it!"
  Greg hadn't been visited by his wolf, Sergio, for a long time—not ever since Drew and I found him as a rogue after Darius's banishment. That wolf was feral, crazy, mad. I was almost killed by him, had Drew not been there. 
 That left an uncomfortable pang in my stomach, and I squeezed Greg's shoulder to calm not only him, but myself as well. 
 "I'm okay! I'm okay!" I heard him repeat slowly, calming Sergio down. Soon, the black in his eyes dissipated and all I saw were the calm, wise eyes I knew Greg had. 
 Carefully, warily, I released Greg's shoulder and we both took a deep breath. I felt eyes on me, so, I turned and saw Raleigh eyeing me from the side, nodding to whatever Tania was blabbering about.  Catching my eye, she mouthed: Are you okay?
I smiled at her and nodded, my eyelids fluttering as she bit her lip. Tania made a face and Raleigh quickly turned to her, as if she could sense her irritation. 
  Rolling my eyes, I tried to focus back on Greg. Tania always liked to be the center of attention, one of the reasons I broke up with her. I hated clingy girls, who always liked to be the center of attention and play the damsel. Raleigh wasn’t like them, though. She didn’t want anybody to lean on unless she absolutely needed it. 
 "What do I do, Lucien?” Greg whispered, his chest still rising and falling heavily.
 I pinched my eyebrows. "What do you mean? What do you do about what?" I asked. 
 Greg flailed his arms, and somehow, he reminded me so much of Raleigh whenever she was nervous or embarrassed. 
"About Lucinda and Tania?! I love Lucinda! I have! For the longest time! But I'm married and mated to another woman! I have a family—two daughters with Tania! What do I do?! I can’t just pack up and leave! And even Lucinda's married to Wren!" 
 I put my hands up and Greg immediately muted, his lips pressed together and blocking whatever blood circulation he had going on. 
"Take this one step at a time. Give me whatever files you have on Tania, and I'll look into Lucinda later. I have many things right now to do: I have to look at my pack, make sure they're going okay. I have to raise Conner and Cindy's ranks; I have to help my mate with her own medical needs; I have to research the rogue files—Yeah, I'll find time to squeeze reading those files." I said. 
 Greg studied me.  "You look stressed, Lucien." He noted, sounding very much like my father used to.
 I bit my tongue. "I am. My Mom is also coming to visit, and I'd rather not have two women I love in danger. You remember… Louis, right?" 
 A lump formed in my throat as I spoke of my deceased brother's name. I hadn't said his name in ages, not since he and Dad disappeared. 
 Greg nodded solemnly, his head bending. "I understand how you feel, in a way." He sympathized. 
 He and I both glanced at our mates, who were standing awkwardly next to each other. I mind-linked both Jasmine and Cindy, and Jasmine appeared by both girls in a flash. Cindy had her link closed, and Conner wasn't around the pack, so I could only assume that they were spending time together.
"It's a lot right now, but I promise I will find out how this started. It helps a little that I have my mate with me. She's the only person keeping me sane right now." I said.
“They really do,” Greg agreed. 
 I noticed Tania approaching me, and I caught Greg's eye. After a quick glance between the two of us, if not, skeptical, Greg retreated to where Jasmine and Raleigh were talking, joining hastily into their conversation.
"What is it, Tania?" I asked, crossing my arms. 
 Tania pouted, and honestly, I really don't know why I ever slept with her. I mean, looking at her now, what did I see that made me want to sleep with her? My guess, an easy one-night stand. I don’t think I cared too much about personality back then.
 But that was then.
"Why did your demeanor change with me so quickly?" She complained.  She thought she sounded cute—god, she was so wrong. She sounded like a spoiled toddler and an entitled adult at the same time.
 My ears felt as though they were bleeding and Caspian, now alert, was snarling with agitation, wanting to give Tania a piece of his mind. Growling, I pushed him back, assuring that I could handle her on my own.
Be careful. She's a sly witch, and I don't like witchy girls, Caspian warned. 
I will Caspian, I said. I glared at Tania, my walls slowly building up. My muscles tensed, and I knew Tania noticed, mostly by the way she was ogling them. Wearing a tight shirt wasn't a good idea, I realized now, but I really just cared about Raleigh's reaction, which was more than suitable for my tastes. 
"I don't know. You tell me." I said. 
 Tania sighed. "Is it because of our fight? I'm sorry, you know it." 
"No, you're not, and you know it," I replied calmly, which seemed to be egging her. 
 She scowled at me, cocking her hip arrogantly to the side. "I want to ask you something, and I want a straight answer, Lucien. I don't want a metaphor of some sort." She said sternly, ignoring my response to her question. 
  I rolled my eyes, but conceded. "Okay. What is it?" 
"Why do you love Raleigh more than me?"
  I raised my eyebrow. "What do you mean?" I asked, restraining myself from giving her a cocky reply. 
"What does Raleigh have that I don't?" She rephrased. "I was your longest lover. Is Raleigh trying to beat that or something?" 
 I pinched the bridge of my nose, irritation climbing the walls of my head. What part of “Raleigh is my mate”, does she not understand?
"Tania, I'm only going to repeat myself once, so listen carefully," I said. "Raleigh is my mate. Yes, she is younger—very much so, than I am, and yes, I have only known her for less than a week, but I love her and I know she needs her time to love me. She's a caring, gentle, beautiful young girl and I'm very lucky to have her as my mate."
"So, it's because she's young, isn't it?" Tania asked. "I was only three years older than her when we met!"
  I shook my head. "I gave you my answer. I'm done repeating it for you, Tania." I said. 
 I was leaving, but then she grabbed my wrist, pulling me back. Usually, I wouldn't fall back, but if this meant she would leave me alone, then I'd suffer.
"What?"
 "Give me another chance!" She burst out.
  I blinked, unsure if I had heard her correctly or not. "What?"
"Give me another chance! Let me prove myself better than Raleigh!" She exclaimed, her grip on my wrist tightening.
  I scoffed, removing her hand and wriggling my now free wrist. "Does no, suit you fine? And don't ask why. I just told you." I said.  
 I didn't wait for her reply. I ran over to Raleigh and the others. She turned and smiled up at me as I neared them, beckoning me closer. Greg and Jasmine were arguing about a new change in Rahway’s education policies—whichever one it was, I wasn’t too sure. 
"What's up?" I asked. 
 "Nothing much. Since you have to do a one-over on the pack, you want me to watch Raleigh—erm—keep her company?" Jasmine asked. 
 I looked down at Raleigh, which I pretty much had to do a lot, being eight feet tall to her almost five feet. She grinned.
"Can I, Lucien?" She asked. 
 I laughed, kissing her forehead. "Of course. You don’t have to ask me, though. I'll come to get you later, then." I said. 
 Raleigh bounced on her heels excitedly, and in public, I was surprised how she didn't so much as glance at the pack members who were eyeing her oddly. One glare from me, however, quickly made them turn. 
"Thank you," She murmured.
  I leaned down with the intent to kiss her one last time, but Raleigh was quicker. Shyly, she pressed a kiss to my cheek and pulled away, giggling. 
 I smiled, pecking her subtly and nudging her towards Jasmine, who led her back to the Alpha house.
"I wonder when she'll meet Benedict." Greg mused. 
 I hummed, noticing Tania joining him from the dark grassy patch she’d wandered to. "Soon, probably. Jazz can't keep him a secret forever." 
 Greg nodded and looked behind him to the dark bushes and thickets of trees. He heaved a sigh. "Well, we should be off. I promised Clarity and Alexis we'd be home by today." He said, smiling fondly at the mention of his two daughters. 
"Who's next in line?" I asked. 
"Clarity is. Unless her mate is another Alpha, then it'll be Alexis." Greg said. 
"You love your kids, huh?"
"They're my life," Greg replied without missing a beat.
  I smiled. "I wonder how it'll be like to have a family of my own. Or, at least, to feel that way," I murmured. 
 Tania stiffened, and Greg chuckled. "I'm sure you'll have a wonderful family, Alpha. It seems that Luna Raleigh already loves kids. She gets along with them quite well." He said.
  I looked to where he was pointing. On the porch steps to the Alpha house, Raleigh was playing some game with Avery and Ananya, most likely a game Avery made up. 
 I smiled and Greg also smiled, running his hand through his brown hair and mixing the purple tips on his bangs with it. 
"I can't wait," I said. 
"Since when did you become so interested in a family, Lucien?" Greg teased. “I thought you were the party type of guy?”
 I smirked. "Since I met the love of my life," I replied. Greg shook his head in amusement, looking like he wanted to say something back, but Tania cut in impatiently.
"I hate to break-up the bromance you guys have here, but it's getting late and I'm getting worried about what Cara is feeding the girls."  
 Greg immediately apologized and hurried off, pausing once to say goodbye again, but I still stood in the yellow field, frowning. Earlier, Tania had shown no interest whatsoever in her daughters, and only now she's saying how worried she is?
 It was still early, not even noon, so I decided to check-up on the pack. I made my way to the medical wing of the land, hoping to catch Alex or Shawn resting. Valentin was a quick healer, so I knew he was probably out scouting with Oliver and Ranveer since Hayden had to look after his pups.
 I was walking by the outer corners of the pack, when I spotted Lucinda and Wren by the fields, talking quietly between each other. I was going to leave them be, considering I got scolded already by Lucinda and I didn't want to get scolded again, but Wren noticed me and beckoned me.
"What's up?" I asked, jogging over to them. 
 Wren smiled and Lucinda looked away.
"Nothing really, Alpha. How's the Luna?" She questioned warmly. I felt my heart squeeze slightly. With her bright eyes and amicable nature, I'd really feel bad if I had to label her a rogue. 
"She's doing better. She's with my sister right now." I replied. 
 Wren nodded, then frowned when she looked at Lucinda. "Do you know what's wrong with Lucy, Alpha? She's been so quiet today."   
 Her large orange eyes peered up at me and I took a deep breath, looking back out at the houses. 
 "Do you mind if I speak with Lucinda alone, Wren? It'll only be a minute." I asked. 
 Wren frowned, but she agreed and got up from the grass, however not before placing a chaste kiss on Lucinda's cheek. Lucinda flinched, but I don't think Wren noticed.
 Once she was gone, I knelt down next to Lucinda. She looked up, then looked down again, but I caught her puffy red eyes and sticky cheeks.
 "Lucinda? What's wrong?" I asked.
  Lucinda hiccupped, and I think this was the first time I saw her cry. Actually, second to when she and Greg reunited.
"Everything!" She gasped. "I can't look at Wren, Alpha! I can't!" 
  I flinched. I wasn't very good at consoling anybody who wasn't a pup or my mate, so I patted her shoulder.
"Can you explain it to me? Maybe you'll feel better then?" I asked. 
 Lucinda sniffled, then lifted her head up. I sat back on the grass and waited for her to speak.
"It was after I left the hospital. I was walking with Gamma—sorry—Beta Conner and Beta Female Cindy when Luna Tania left to get water by the house. Beta Conner went to follow her and Beta Female Cindy excused herself to go home." Lucinda choked up again and I waited patiently, my eyes always drifting to the Alpha Palace, where the porch was now empty.
"Then what?"
 "Alpha Greg turned to me and began to apologize again. I told him it was okay—that I needed time to think...but then we...oh I don't know why we did it!" She cried. 
 "And then?"
  "W-We kissed." 
It took a few moments for her words to settle into my system, but once they did, I was pretty sure I looked highly undignified. My eyebrows shot up and I gaped at the now crying doctor. I wasn't angry, just shocked. 
"You what?" I asked, my voice shaky.
 Lucinda cried harder. "We kissed...and Luna Tania saw it." She bawled. 
 I clenched my jaw, pinching the bridge of my nose with a heavy sigh.
"I-I didn't mean to, Alpha! Honest! It was an accident! Now I can't look Wren in the face! And if I do...all I see back is an unfaithful wife who kissed her ex-lover!" 
 I patted her shoulder, unable to meet her in the eye. I mean—what could I tell her? I couldn’t justify her kissing Greg, but I couldn’t exactly condone her either. She felt a pull to him that was different than with her mate—it was stronger. 
 "Lucinda, listen to me," I said finally, once she'd stopped crying. "I know your feelings are all mixed up right now, believe me, I'm confused as well. But take this one step at a time. I'm not upset you kissed Alpha Greg. Maybe you both needed that to figure something out.” Or just kiss one last time. “Now, I want you to go home and calm yourself down. Distract yourself. I'll look a few things up and tell you when—if you need to be worried at all, okay?" 
 Lucinda swallowed, then nodded. "Yes, Alpha." She said. She bowed her head as she stood and quickly retreated to her home, which was just by the border. 
 I was quiet as I walked around the pack, but my mind wasn’t on the serene silence blanketed the land. 
 So, that explained the loud arguing from Tania and Greg the other night. I was still in shock that Greg and Lucinda would try something like that, though. They were both the quiet, shy type, unlike me. 
 They reminded me of Raleigh, actually. Shy, quiet, soft-spoken. A vast contrast to their mates. Tania, Wren, and I were all party addicts and popular kids. Well, I am still popular. 
 I caught Valentin on the way back to the Alpha Palace. He was looking better and had a small bandage wrapped on his arm. He was doing better too—thirsty for revenge on the rogue that attacked his Luna. Appreciative of his attitude, I asked him to gather the rest of the warriors in the pack for a meeting sometime next week. 
Valentin reminded me of my dad. He was buff, standing at 6'9, only a foot or so shorter than I was. He was ripped too and incredibly strong, which was why I made him the leader of the patrol. Also, because he was excellent at battle planning and scouting routes. 
 He had sandy hair with two purple stripes on the bangs and had dark brown skin with white patches here and there. He and I were the only werewolves in the pack who had tattoos, although he did have less than I did. 
I dragged myself back to my home, excited to see my mate again. Her scent hit me like a breath of fresh air once I opened the door to our home. 
 Our home. Those two words sent butterflies through my stomach. I wandered around the large palace. It had been built back when my father was Alpha King before they had me, or Jasmine or Louis. 
 Again, another uncomfortable pang spread through me at the thought of my younger brother. He'd been gone for centuries now, probably dead. Probably. I couldn’t lose any hope that there was a chance he was still alive…
 I sighed. My hair was messy, falling in unruly strands on my forehead. The mate mark on my cheek burned, which meant I was getting closer to my mate. I walked to the bedroom door and slowly creaked it open, so as not to startle her. 
She was sitting on the opposite side of the bed, her back towards the door. She didn’t hear me come in, or maybe she did and she just didn’t acknowledge it. I could see that she was holding something in her small hands, her mind thrumming. She was quiet, just as she always was. 
Taking the opportunity to have a little down time, I padded across the carpet and sat next to her, the bed dipping on my side. Her dark eyes flickered to me, but her face remained in a frown. She held a pillow and book in her hands, her eyes darting from one object to the next. 
“Hi,” I said quietly, unsure how to start a conversation with her. 
Slowly, her gaze rose to me, hooded from her eyelids, and a small smile cracked on her lips.
“Hi,” she said, her voice ever soft and raspy. 
“What are you doing?” I asked. 
 She sighed, glancing at the book and pillow. “I’m contemplating the difference between snow white and beige." 
  I picked it up and turned it to the cover. It was one of my older books on how to be a gentleman—a guide from the early 1800s—a gift from Jasmine. 
"Why?"
"Because Mrs. Cor—Jasmine said I have to know," Raleigh replied. She sighed again, rolling her shoulders. A part of her lip tucked under the top row of her teeth and she stared at the book for a while longer before pushing back to its original position on the bed. Then, she opened the book, turning the first page of the chapter. 
“What is this about?” She asked. 
“It’s a book on how to behave like a gentleman, as per the 1800s rule book,” I explained, touching the title page of the book. “When I was beginning to try and reform my ways, Jasmine gave it to me.”
“Oh,” Raleigh murmured softly. She looked down at the page, then back up at me, pensive. “Did they make these for girls?”
“Young girls and boys,” I nodded. “It was a rulebook we had to abide to…” I paused, chuckling. “Well, almost as much as the Bible, at that time, at least.”
“Hm…” she hummed, closing the book. “How was your morning?
 I sighed tiredly and allowed the fatigue to push my back into a slump. She watched me carefully as I did so. Once I was propped up, I picked the book up from the side of the bed she had placed it on, flipping through the pages. She kept looking at me. 
"I had an…eventful morning,” I finally managed to say. “I talked to a few wolves…and I saw Lucinda…”
“Oh? What did she say?”
I swallowed, tightly. “Um, nothing much,” I mumbled. “She was…crying…” I decided to omit the part about Tania. 
"What?” Raleigh turned abruptly to face me; her eyes wide in what I could only assume to be shock. “Why?!" 
I suddenly felt very queasy. "Do you remember the fighting we heard from Tania and Greg last night?" I asked. 
 Raising an eyebrow, she nodded. "Yes?"
"It…ah…was because Tania caught Lucinda and Greg kissing," I mumbled, scratching the back of my head awkwardly. 
 Raleigh’s eyebrows pinched together. "What?! Lucinda and Greg? Kissing?!" She asked.
  I nodded, tossing the book aside. "Yeah. They were fighting about it last night." I said.
  Raleigh chewed the inside of her mouth. "I'll never understand this." She said. 
 I stroked her hair. "You don't have to worry about it. I'll take care of everything." I said. At some point, she would have to help me, but right now, I didn't want her to get stressed or anxious in any way. Speaking of stress...
"Actually, there is something else I have to tell you," I said.
  Raleigh nodded. "What is it?" She asked.
"Next week or the week after—I'm not sure yet, we'll be having a meeting. An Alpha meeting, where different Alpha's all meet and discuss pack transfers, land payments, debts, and other things like that." I explained. 
 Raleigh stared at me for a few moments, then in a dry, emotionless voice, said: "I have to go with you, don't I?" 
 "How did you know?" 
 "Jasmine already told me. Don't worry. I can do it." She said. 
  That only confused me more.  "Really?" I asked.
  She suddenly blushed and nodded. "Yeah. I mean, I am nervous. I'm nervous about everything...but if you need me there, then I'll go." She said. 
 I cupped her cheek, stroking her strong bone. "You don't have to do something you don't want to do just because of me, darling. You should do it on your own free will." I said. 
 Raleigh smiled, leaning closer to me. "I'm doing it because I care about you, Lucien." She said. 
 I opened my mouth to reply, but she cut me off fast by placing her mouth on mine, quickly and sharply. I hadn’t even realized how close I had bent towards her face on the bed! My voice was muffled, and my lips immediately closed around hers. She tilted her head up to keep the kiss steady and in my mind, Caspian was purring very loudly.
I'm trying to enjoy a kiss here man! I complained. 
 Caspian snarled. I'm trying to enjoy her touch idiot! Shut up now and kiss her back! He snapped.
  I growled, but I didn't complain. I wasn't about to let my mate do all the work for me. I could tell that she was straining herself to keep the kiss—her limbs were shaking.
 Quickly, hastily, I flipped our positions, her back pressed against the mattress we were laying on. The sheets were rumpled and twirled, but I didn't care right now. If Raleigh wanted to play, we'd play, but under my rules. 
 Raleigh giggled in our kiss, and I broke away from her, gazing at her flushed face.
"You planned this, didn't you?" I said, breathing heavily.
  She giggled again, gripping my shoulders. "Not really, but I knew it would get you to be quiet." She said. "Besides, I just wanted a kiss..." 
 She looked away shyly, and I tilted her head back to face me.
"I promised I'd give you whatever you want...and you just want kisses?" I questioned. Raleigh nodded, flushed, and I bent my head lower to her face. Her breathing shallowed and her breath hitched. "You will be the end of me, my love." 
 Her eyes widened, but I didn't give her time to process anything because I planted my lips onto hers again, this time greedily and hungrily. Now that I knew she was okay with me kissing her, I was going to use that power.
 My hands found her hips, resting there, and slowly kneading away the tension she always had there. She moaned, and I used the opportunity to lick her lips, questioning. 
 She opened her eyes and looked up questioningly at me, our lips still touching, then parted her mouth slightly, but with enough room for me to slip my tongue inside. She tasted like sweet chocolate and weirdly enough, mint. I pressed my lips harder to hers, eager to taste more of her. 
  My hand slipped to her shirt and I tugged on the thin fabric. She mewled and that only proved to heighten my ego. I grinned and twirled my tongue with hers, whereas she was once fighting for dominance, she submitted to me and let me do as I please, all the while roaming her hands over my chest, gripping fistfuls of my shirt and shoulders. 
"Lucien!" Raleigh squealed. 
 I grinned, sucking on the place where her neck met her shoulder. She moaned loudly, louder than I'd ever heard her moan. I smirked.
"I'll one day mark you, and that mark will go right here." I murmured lowly, nipping the skin there and making sure it left a visible mark. 
 Whimpering, Raleigh nodded and fisted my shirt tighter. 
 I pulled away from her neck once I had sufficed in marking my claim and attacked her already red lips. I grabbed both her hands and held them by her head, kissing her vigorously. 
 She easily matched my pace, kissing back with a force I didn't even know she had. Our lips molded easily together, and the pleasant sounds of both our moans and desire filling the air around us. 
 I was scared to go so far; scared she'd push me away, or that I'd crossed a line, but to my surprise, she eagerly basked in my hot kisses as if she'd been waiting for it her whole life. 
 We were so invested in each other, in our newfound passion, that I didn't even hear our door open.
"Hey, Raleigh! You wanna go shop—!" 
 My eyes widened and Raleigh and I both turned to look at the intruder, both our faces flushed and red, my love bites very much visible on Raleigh's wrinkled and almost taken off shirt. I was almost ready to attack the person until I saw who it was. 
"Cindy?!" Raleigh and I both exclaimed at the same time. 
 Cindy stood, mouth agape, in our doorway. Her blue and white eyes were both wide, and she quickly put her hands up in surrender.
"I'm sorry, Alpha! I d-didn't know! I...!" Cindy looked like she was ready to cry, which was weird, because I was ready for the onslaught of teasing from her.
 I flopped to the other side of the bed and stood up with Raleigh, waiting by the bed while she brought Cindy inside.
"You don't have to be apologetic, Cindy. You did nothing wrong." Raleigh consoled. She and Cindy both looked at me, and I nodded.
"She's right, Cindy. It was my fault for not locking the door. What's up?" 
 Tears now dry, Cindy's mischievous grin appeared on her lips as she assessed Raleigh, or rather, the marks on her neck. Raleigh blushed and bit her lip, tugging her shirt up. 
"I was wondering if you would like to come with me and Jasmine to the mall if the Alpha's okay with it."
  Raleigh looked back at me with her large brown eyes, and despite wanting to hog her for myself the rest of the day, I nodded.
"Of course. You girls have fun." I said. 
 Make sure she at least buys a few things, I mind-linked to Cindy. Once Raleigh was out the door, Cindy leaned back and winked conspiratorially at me.
When we're done with the Luna today, Alpha, believe me, you won't know what hit you.

Raleigh: Chapter 15

 I was embarrassed.
 No, I was mortified.
 What had I done?! Why did I do that? I knew I had acted totally out of character by initiating that kiss with Lucien. Was it worth it? Yes. But still!
 I touched my lips, the fond memory of Lucien's smooth skin on mine sending tingles through my body. I knew he was upstairs, doing something, probably work. It killed me to leave him, and I could feel that he disliked it too, but Cindy was hard to convince.
 I traced my visible collar-bone, little indents from Lucien's nips, and love marks trailing along my skin, a reminder of what I was to come home to. My body felt electrified and excitement poured through me. 
 I followed Cindy quietly to the outer borders of the pack. We'd decided on walking since the mall Jasmine wanted to go to wasn't very far from the pack. Really, I had decided to walk. I was tired of just sitting and driving everywhere—my muscles wouldn’t exercise themselves. 
 Jasmine was already waiting for us as we reached, standing idly on the hill I knew all too well.
 Her blonde-brown hair was tied up in a long ponytail and she wore a cropped sweatshirt and jeans. 
 Next to her stood a wolf I hadn't seen in the pack before, which wasn't too much of a problem, since I had just gotten there. 
He was a buff wolf, but then again, all of them were. He had strong, defined muscles and a sharp, almost knife-cutting jaw. His eyes were a deep shade of pitch black, the complete opposite of Lucien's golden eyes. 
 He had a brown skin color, with white patches here and there on his neck, shoulders, and a white splotch on his face (actually, it was tan, not white). He had a mix of black and blue hair, all tied up in a pointed ponytail. 
 He wore a tight-fitting Lion King shirt and a pair of jeans, along with a pair of sneakers. Atop his head, he wore a Yankees baseball cap and had a couple of piercings along the shell of his ear. He, just as everyone else in the pack, had a dark neon stripe across the front of his bangs, as well as a tattoo of a neon diamond, just like Jasmine.
 His dark eyes followed me as I moved closer to Jasmine. It was kind of unnerving. I had gotten so used to the warm gaze of Lucien whenever I caught him looking—this guy looked at me as if I was a threat to Jasmine. Like I was going to pounce and eat her…or maybe he’d do that to me?
 His fists, which were decked in rings, were clenched and his eyebrows were drawn together. He glared at me with full force and I withered slightly under his judgmental gaze. 
 Jasmine smiled as we approached. She cocked her hip to the side and pulled me over to her, resting her hand on my shoulder. The man next to her stiffened and she sighed.
 "I'll be fine, Ben. It's only for a couple of hours." She said as if she'd already had this conversation with him. 
 'Ben' grunted, looking away.  
 Cindy grinned. "Aw. Don't tell me you don't want to meet the Luna, Benedict." She teased. 
 "Where is she?" He asked gruffly. He had a deep, masculine voice, yet it sounded fragile compared to when Lucien spoke, especially in his Alpha voice. I would be lying if I said I hadn't thought of him commanding me with that voice...Lucien, not Benedict.
 "Right here." Jasmine squeezed my shoulder and Benedict cast his dark eyes down. He was tall, not as tall as Lucien, but probably around 6'5 feet? He was taller than Jasmine, that's for sure. But I noticed that the males tend to be taller than the females.
 "H-Hi..." I murmured, feeling very shy. It felt like when I first met Lucien. Intimidating. 
 Benedict frowned at me for a moment, then broke into the biggest smile I've ever seen.
 "Nice to meet you, Luna." He said. "My name is Benedict. I'm Jasmine's mate...the Alpha's brother-in-law."
  I smiled, feeling my body relaxing. "Nice to meet you. And... you can call me Raleigh. That's my name." I said. 
 Benedict laughed. "I've heard rumors about you around the pack, but this is my first time meeting the Queen herself." He said. I flushed. " The Alpha's definitely changed now that you're here. He's been happier ever since!" 
 That only made me blush deeper, and Cindy broke in with a laugh of her own.
 "He's definitely changed." She said, eyeing the hickeys on my collar.  
 Incoherent defensive noises sputtered from my lips, and Benedict laughed his booming laugh again.
 "It's nothing to be embarrassed about Luna—er—Raleigh. It's his way of claiming his territory. His way of telling other guys at the mall to back off." He said.
  I nodded sheepishly. "Y-Yeah," I said shakily. 
 Benedict stared at me for a few more moments again. Cindy and Jasmine had moved stealthily to the side by the graveyard of branches. They were crowded over Cindy's phone, mumbling to each other in a language I didn't understand.
 "So... how long have you and Jasmine been married?" I asked, trying to start a conversation again. 
 Benedict hummed, then looked back up at me, as if he'd just realized I'd asked a question.
 "Hm? I'm sorry, could you repeat that?"  
 "How long have you and Jasmine been married?" I repeated, this time louder. 
 A fond smile crossed over Benedict's face and he twirled the golden band on his finger. 
 "We've been married for a few years, I don't exactly remember how long. Very few pack members here are immortal, just like the Alpha King. I used to be an Omega of the Moonblood pack. The Alpha once visited with Jasmine and... well...the rest was history." He said, turning back to gaze at his wife.
  I felt a grin form on my face. It was clear Benedict was very much in love with Jasmine. His face, whenever he saw her, reminded me of whenever Lucien looked me. Like he was in love…
 "How did you and the Alpha meet, if you don't mind me asking?" He asked softly, a vast contrast to his booming, microphone like voice before. 
 I smiled wider and leaned on dry tree bark.
 "I met Lucien through Jasmine actually. I was a student in her school and Lucien was doing his inspection when we met in Jasmine's office." I said. 
  Benedict rolled his eyes fondly. "That's my wife. Always looking out for others." He sighed. "Sometimes I worry she will hurt herself." He spoke sadly, a rough Spanish accent hidden in the depths of his tongue. 
 I shrugged.  "We all do what we have to," I said. 
  A dark look cast over Benedict's face, but he didn't reply. Instead, he bit his lip and turned away, his large muscles contracting. "Yes, we do." He said. 
 His tone brought a frown out of me. I wanted to ask more—to find out exactly what had happened, but Cindy and Jasmine had joined us by then. 
 Jasmine leaned over and kissed Benedict softly, a chaste kiss. Benedict's eyes softened and he nodded to her, as if this was the last day he'd ever see her again.
 "He loves her very much." Cindy murmured into my ear.
  I nodded in agreement. "Yeah...why is he so cryptic?" 
 Cindy shrugged. "He's mostly a quiet guy. He's a hell of a good fighter, but he's pretty tight-lipped. I think it's because of his time in his old pack."
  I hummed. "He seems nice though," I said. 
 "Benedict's very nice. Actually, he was born as Miguel, but changed his name to forget his past." Cindy mentioned. 
 My heart squeezed. "Poor guy." I murmured. 
 Jasmine pulled away from Benedict slightly, almost reluctantly. "Ready to go, Raleigh?" She asked. 
 "Yeah. Let's go. Bye, Benedict!" 
 Benedict smiled, waving a large hand. The last image I had of him was him standing on the hill, his eyes glazed and hand up as we left.
~*~
 "So, why are we going to the mall?"
  Cindy looked up from her phone, acknowledging me for the first time during our walk in the forest. It was damp all over the place. Dew glistened like sweat on the grass blades and thick vines. Mud crawled on my sneakers, latching onto my white cuffs. 
 I grimaced.
 "I think we all just needed a break from pack drama, especially you. Lucien thought it would be good if you relaxed your mind and took it away from the pack problems, something he said and I quote 'is something I should be worried about. Not my mate'," Cindy explained.
 "This was Lucien's idea?" I asked, astonished. He looked so glum when I left, just like Jasmine and Benedict. This was his idea all along?
 Huh…
 Cindy grinned, nodding and Jasmine turned around to smile.
 "Yep. He said to buy whatever you want," She said.
  Cindy rubbed her hands together, the wind caressing her blonde locks gently. She gazed up at the sky, her eagerness shining in her blue eye. Her white one was covered by a rose eye patch.
 "I can't wait! Conner's wallet here I come!" She exclaimed. 
 I giggled. "Why do you want to spend so much money? Won't you be wasting?" I asked. 
 Jasmine shrugged. "Kinda? I mean, these are clothes we are buying, along with some jewelry and other things...yeah, maybe we are spending." She said. She looked sheepish. 
 "I just feel uncomfortable spending someone else's hard-worked money," I explained. 
 "We'll help ya, don't worry. Just remember that Lucien's okay with this—does that help?" Cindy asked.
  I thought for a moment, pondering my answer, then nodded, mostly because I didn’t want to have to hear the longer explanation. Really, it didn’t. I didn’t like wasting anybody else’s money on worthless items, but if Cindy wanted to hear it, then I’d say it, for her sake.
 Cindy smiled. "Good." 
 We walked through the thickets for a few more minutes. The dew had soaked my shoes, cleaning the dry mud from the soles and the head. The leaves of summer and autumn crunched under my feet and I found it especially pleasant when a very dry leaf was crushed under my foot. 
 The vines seemed to create a dark canopy above us, shielding us from the sun trying to pry its hot fingers into the dense forest. The birds chirped inquisitively at their new visitors, their small heads cocked to the side as we approached, their wings fluttered in apprehension. 
 Crickets and ants crawled along the muddy forest floor, not paying us any heed. I brushed my fingers against the plant leaves as we walked. From time to time, Cindy or Jasmine would glance back at me, but only as a precaution to assure that I was still there or if I was tired and they needed to stop.
 My mood hadn't dampened, unlike the forest surrounding me. The voice in my head was calm, retreating into the messy depths of my mind. I still felt her presence; her soft voice urging me to explore. I jumped over a dead root, my mind traveling back to the kiss. My lips suddenly felt moist, as if Lucien's were still on them.   
 Anticipation coiled heatedly around my stomach and while I was looking forward to shopping with my friends, I did want to get home quickly, to my mate and his comfort.
 It was the first time I had called Lucien my mate; and maybe not in person, but I knew I had already accepted him as mine. My inner voice refused to believe otherwise, and I agreed with her. Leaving Lucien alone with Tania had almost sent me into a jealous rant, but I had retained myself. I knew Tania had a mate, and Lucien was mine. He’d assured me more than once.
 Mine. Something to actually call my own. I had nothing back in Rahway. No name, no identity, not even any privacy. Everything belonged to the government, or possibly, David and Lexi. Most likely David. He took care of anything (more like controlled everything). How she ever fell in love with a man like David, I'll never know.
 David reminded me of a snake—quiet yet observant. Ready to pounce, but warning before striking. His dark reptilian eyes and thin lips. The crease in his eyebrow and his rumpled clothes. He was my nightmare, and he would always haunt my dreams. It was the reason I awoke in the night, desperate to make sure it wasn’t his bed that I was in.
 David wasn't as...considerate as Lucien. Lucien knew I needed space, and didn't pressure me into anything. He knew I cared for him, but didn't force me to tell him. He only observed me quietly, his body still underneath mine as I stroked my hand down his body, feeling his bulging, defined muscles underneath his tight shirts. His eyes always darkened whenever I did something, or even when I simply looked at him. His muscles contracted when he knew I had caught him as if he was refraining from pouncing. 
 David was...different. He was demanding, crude, and the complete opposite of the altruistic man Lexi had described. She had been at a bar (already a bad beginning) and had just recently been cheated on. She met David, a bartender, and she ended up pouring her story out to him, drunkenly. Long story short, they spent a couple of nights together and became an item.
 I tried to like David—I really did. But he just always rubbed me the wrong way. His eyes were predatory, and not like Lucien's. No, his were pure predator, hungry. He'd tried...raping me once. I kicked him in the nuts. I was lucky that time—I was laying down. If David had found my weakness before Lucien and I met...
 I shook my thoughts away, catching my footing after I almost tripped over a branch. David was gone now, and I had Lucien. I... loved Lucien. I knew positively now that I did. My caring, gentle, loving mate was all mine, and I knew for certain that I loved him with every ounce in my body. 
 Cindy smirked, as if she knew what I was thinking. Jasmine slowed her pace, walking in step with me. Both of them tucked their phones away, and the scent of fast food wafted to my nose. My mouth watered.
 "Are we getting there?" I questioned. 
 Cindy chuckled. "Yep. Almost there. Less than a mile." She said. 
 I nodded and straightened my back, stuffing my hands into my pockets.
 "You know—I'm thinking we have to buy some jewelry for you, Raleigh," Jasmine said.
 "Why?" 
 "After the Alpha meeting, there's a ball that all the Alpha's and their mates attend. Since you're Luna Queen, you need to look the utmost best." Jasmine said matter-of-factually.
  Cindy made a face. "Eh, I kinda think you'd do good with a nice light pink dress, some sandals, and a few simple pieces of jewelry." Then, she winked. "Unless you're trying to break Lucien's resistance, then pink will do. Black, if you want to test him."
 I blushed. “Are you sure you want to challenge his resistance right now? Because I can practically see his walls crumbling.”
 “It’ll be fun!” Cindy pushed. “Oh! We can add black underneath the dress—!”
 "Like a garter! Or maybe fishnet thighs!" Jasmine exclaimed. "Damn Raleigh—you sure you don’t wanna test Lucien? It would make for a hot, but pretty fun day." 
“I don’t know…”
 “Please?!”
 Both Cindy and Jasmine made large puppy eyes at me, and I was sure that they must have learned it from the master of puppy eyes: Avery.
 I sighed, rolling my eyes. “Fine. Sure. Give it a try. But if I happen to get laid during the weekend before heat, I’m putting all the blame on you two.”
 “Do what you want. I just want to do this experiment on Lucien’s patience,” Cindy said, waving my warning aside in her eagerness.
 Jasmine smiled fondly. "That's alright. I'd bet Lucien's waiting for heat to make love to you anyway, so he won't lose too much control, “she said. "So, we'll get some simple golden jewelry, a dress, and... our secret weapon!"
Jasmine and Cindy clapped hands, and I smiled at them.
 "Let's get started!"
~*~
 "What store do we start in first?" Cindy yelled over the crowds of people wandering around.
 I gripped her hand, my eyes widening as I looked around. A fountain in the middle; shops lining walls; carpeted floors! This place was huge! And cramped…too cramped…
 "Well...let's finish buying the meeting clothes first." Jasmine decided. She led me and Cindy to a shop with many black bras and underwear.
 "What shop is this?" I asked. 
 Cindy smirked. "Victoria's Secret..." She said conspiratorially. "Since they're closing, they have clearance on a bunch of lacy accessories we can put on you!"
  Jasmine coughed, noting my wrinkled nose. "Right...let's keep going." She said. She led me to a small rack and handed me this really weird looking black bra with two hooks in the back, along with some loose lace hanging here and there. The cups were almost see-through, but thankfully they were not.
 "And matching underwear," Jasmine mumbled. 
 I handed the things to Cindy with disinterest, who nodded approvingly.
 “I’m…not going to wear those, am I?” I asked, reeling away from the expensive perfume rack.
 “No, not if you don’t want to,” Cindy assured. “They’re for Jasmine and I. When you’re ready to wear them, you can, ‘kay?” She winked at me. “And trust me, when you do decide to, you’ll become the belle of the ball…or, at least Lucien’s bedroom.”
 I flushed, but a part of me still remained uncomfortable. I was by no means beautiful. I had dark splotches all over my body and my legs and arms had long black hairs, as well as my crotch. What did Lucien ever see in me? 
Besides, the clothes just looked intolerable; something I didn't usually like to wear. Thank goodness Cindy and Jasmine understood I wasn’t ready yet. Not for clothes like this. 
 "Y-Yeah," I mumbled. 
 Jasmine eyed me speculatively, but then her eyes glazed over. "Lucien's just checking in, seeing how we're doing." She said. 
 "Tell him we're fine. Right, Raleigh?" Cindy said. 
 I nodded. "Yeah, we're fine," I said. 
 Jasmine’s head bobbed up and down, then after a moment, her eyes returned to normal.
 "Come on. I know this nice lady in a boutique who can help us find a good dress. Since Lucien's already wearing blue, pink will do well." She said. 
 I lagged back with Cindy as we walked, my eyes always wandering to her blind one. I wonder what happened to it. Somewhere in the back of my mind, something always nagged at me to ask her, but I never did because I didn’t want her to feel different or uncomfortable. I already knew how that felt. 
 At some point, though, she sighed.
 "I was thirteen." She began. 
 I blinked. "What?"
 "You were thinking about what happened to my eye? Weren't you?" Cindy asked, a teasing, yet sad edge to her voice. 
 Cautiously, I nodded. “But you don’t have to say anything. I know how it feels to having to keep repeating your story over and over again, and…”
 She cut me off with a laugh. "It's nothing to be afraid of to ask, Raleigh. I'll gladly tell you! I’m not embarrassed at all about my eye." 
 We had reached the quiet boutique by now, and Jasmine had pulled this middle-aged lady with brown hair and grey eyes aside. Cindy and I sat on a small bench by the dress racks.
 "I was thirteen, and my father was an alcoholic." She said. "One day, to prevent my sister from getting injured, I jumped in front of her when my dad was lashing out at her again. Unfortunately, my dad was beginning to shift, so his claws scratched my eye and ripped all my veins out."
  I gasped. "Really?!" 
  Cindy nodded. "Yep. After that, I became blind." 
  I hummed. "Why did your mom stay with your dad?" I asked. "Why didn't they divorce?" 
 Cindy sighed. "My mom had died, as my dad said, a few days after Henrietta, my sister's, birth. Dad blamed it on her, and that's where the abuse started. But even if she was alive, a mate’s love is very strong. If it's broken, it can lead the two mates to death, either by depression or by suicide." 
 A cold feeling coiled in my stomach and I groaned, bending over. Cindy rubbed my back.
 "I'm so sorry," I murmured. 
 Cindy shrugged. "What happens, happens. I have no control over my father or my family." She said. "Which is why I jumped at the chance to leave once I found out Conner was my mate. Henrietta had also already left for University by then, and I didn't want to remain alone with my dad."
 We watched carefully as Jasmine and the lady discussed over some dresses. Cindy leaned over to me again.
 "You know, I too was afraid that Conner wouldn't want a blind mate." She murmured. "But soon, he proved to me that I could rely on him, that I'd always have someone who loved me. Make sure that you know that the Alpha will be that man for you." 
 I averted my eyes. "I... know. I just need more time..."
  Cindy nodded solemnly and stood, lifting me under my arms to help me rise.  "Just remember Raleigh...nobody lives forever, not even the Alpha."
~*~
 Cindy's words remained in my head for the rest of the day. She had gone back to being her chipper, amicable self as if she never had an abusive father or a non-existent mother. Instead, she was now fawning over a dress that Jasmine had bought from the shop.
 It was a beautiful salmon color, as she called it. There was a dip at the cleavage, but only a small one. The skirt was very loose and ended just below my knees. Real jewels adorned the waist, the cleavage line, and the shoulder-straps. 
 We had also gotten baby pink flats since I absolutely refused to step foot into high heels. Then, we went to some jewelry store and Jasmine bought a pair of golden bracelets; two for each wrist. She bought a long golden chain and a pair of ankle-bracelets. A golden rose hair-clip and a pair of golden earrings were added to that list, along with their own purchases. 
I felt bad about spending Lucien's money, even though Jasmine assured me that it was okay and that it wasn't a lot of money (yeah right; real jewels?!) After that, Cindy brought me to a... provocative shop? It was something I definitely never wanted to step foot in again. Weird looking clothes that barely covered any skin adorned white mannequins and even a few real women, but they were only in pictures. 
 The women in the pictures looked nothing like me. They were all beautiful, with perfect make-up and high cheek-bones. They had straight, strong jaws, unlike my soft one. They had slim stomachs, unlike mine that came out slightly. They were all cleanly shaven; I was not. 
 Cindy noticed me looking intently at the poster, and hastily pulled me away, blabbering about some fishnet leggings or...garter? Isn't that the thing you wear at a wedding?
 In the end, she bought both. "Better be safe than sorry" she had said. I liked the fishnet. It looked cool, and it didn't really show much. The garter was okay. It was more like a strap wrapped around the thickest part of my thigh, which was embarrassing enough to put on. Cindy promised me that once the meeting day came, I would be able to know how to put the straps on myself, so nobody, especially Lucien, had to help me.
 I was happy with our day. I had fun, even if the whole day I longed to be with Lucien. It was like my mind was calling out to him, pleading with him to help me. Cindy and Jasmine refused to let me help carry any bags, which was futile since we had to walk back to the pack.
  Plus, my legs were beginning to tire. I didn't have the stamina nor the strength to keep walking for long. We were sitting at another bench, both Cindy and Jasmine on their phones as they scanned the mall map.
  I sat idly on the bench, glancing around. Along with my dress, I had also gotten a couple of shirts and shorts. Also, Jasmine insisted on a few dresses and skirts, since summer was approaching. 
 As I scanned the large mall, I caught the brim of a large looking hat. Usually, I would've turned away, but something about this hat sparked something inside of me. I looked back at the couple, who had their backs turned to me.
 The woman had dark black skin and short, curly hair which was held back in a bandanna. She wore a pale sundress and a large, widely brimmed hat. It had crayon scribbles on it, which is why I turned. It reminded me of a hat I had colored with the kids at the orphanage for Lexi's twenty-eighth birthday. 
 The man had light skin and dark blonde hair that tumbled in coarse threads along his back. He looked so familiar, that I almost didn't want him to turn. I was beginning to turn my head when the man abruptly turned. His eye caught mine, and I froze.
 David!
 He sneered, grinning hungrily at me. I flinched and tried to turn away, to pretend I had never seen that greasy smile of his, but I knew it was too late. The damage had been done. I didn't want to talk to David, not now, not ever. I tugged Jasmine's hand and faked a yawn, which was half fake, half real.
 "Can we go home now?" I asked quietly. "I'm getting tired."  
 Jasmine's face softened and she nodded quickly, glancing up. The glass roof was darkening, the moon rising higher and higher into the sky with each passing second. 
 Sweat rolled down my neck and my back stiffened cautiously, in case David got any ideas. 
 "Yes, of course, we can." She said. She mind-linked something to Cindy, who nodded. They both grabbed a hand and a couple of bags, leading me out of the mall, following the people trickling out. 
 I took one last look back at David, his eyes still trained solely on me.
  I shivered.
 I couldn't wait to go home.
Lucien: Chapter 16

 "So how was the mall, sweetheart?" I asked. 
 The girls had just come home, each lugging their own bags and giggling with each other. Only Raleigh remained empty-handed, which worried me until Cindy dropped a bunch of bags into my arms and walked away. 
 I noticed Raleigh looking shifty. It was probably because she felt bad about spending so much. Grabbing the handles of the bags in one hand, I squeezed my mate's free hand, bending down to press a much-needed kiss on her lips. 
 "It was...okay," Raleigh answered after a couple of beats. 
 I frowned. "Are you sure?" I asked.
  She nodded. "Yeah...I'm sure." She bit her lip and turned away.
What is she hiding? Caspian murmured.
Caspian... I warned, but Caspian didn't listen to me. Going against my warning, Caspian forced himself to look into her mind. Unfortunately, she didn’t have her walls up, which I’m not sure she did knowingly.
 I can't believe I saw him! What's going to happen now? I heard her think. 
 I frowned again, confused. Who's he? I asked Caspian.
  He scoffed. Do you think I know, idiot? Just listen! He sneered. 
  I rolled my eyes.
 What will Lucien think? What if he tries something? I wish I never went to the mall! I wish I never saw David!
  I growled. "Who's David?" I asked, my tone slightly harsh. 
 Raleigh flinched, but turned to look at me. "Who?" She asked dryly.
  I raised my eyebrow, looking at her from the corner of my eye. 
She caved.
 "Can I tell you later? I... I need to think." She said. 
 I softened, pushing Caspian's influence out of my mind. Once we reached our room, I bent down and cupped her cheek.
 "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to sound harsh. If you don't want to tell me, then you don't have to, okay?" 
 Raleigh shuffled on her feet anxiously and she looked up at me from under her dark lashes, her dark chocolate eyes gazing into mine, then flickering over my face. She bit her lip, playing with her fingers.
 "It’s okay." She said after a while. "I can't keep it a secret for long, and even if I wanted to, it wouldn't help any of our cases."
 "Are you sure? You're not just doing this because I want you to, are you?" 
 Raleigh smiled and shook her head. "Nah. I want to tell you." She said, sounding firmer than she did the first time. 
 I smirked. "Okay. Whatever you say." I kissed her, slow and sweet. She complied, pressing against me.
  I stood up, lifting her with me. She squeaked, briefly, then a pleased sigh blew out of her as she bent down to kiss me again. Caspian yipped in my head, begging me to lose control. I snarled, my own way of telling him to back off. 
I set Raleigh down gently by the bathroom, handing her a black tank-top and a pair of shorts. 
 "Do you think you can do the shorts again? Or do you want me to?" I asked. 
 Raleigh looked down at her clothes, then back at me. "Um...Can you do it? I-I think I need more practice." She said, smiling shyly. 
 I looked at her fondly. "Of course."
  She nodded and began to open the door to the bathroom when she suddenly paused, groaning softly, and rolling her eyes. 
 "What's wrong?"
 "...Don't look in the bags." 
 "What?"
 "The...purple bag. Don't look in it...it's a surprise." 
 She sounded like she despised whatever was in the purple bag, and now the impulse to peek and see what was inside was even stronger than before. 
 I grinned, flopping on the bed and raising my arms in surrender.
 "How did you know I liked surprises?" I teased; my voice playful.  
 Raleigh rolled her eyes again. "Because I'm a genius, that's why." She said, closing the bathroom door with her last words. 
 I had begun to sink into the bed when her head popped out again.
 "And I always get the last word." She locked the door with a click, and I couldn't help the goofy smile that had found its way onto my face. She sounded so cute when she was being competitive. 
 She took her time in the shower, which didn't bother me. I was planning my day tomorrow anyway. Raleigh had counseling with Lucinda, hopefully. Unless Lucinda was still getting control of her emotions, then they should still be on. I also had to promote Cindy and Conner's ranks, which meant more paperwork for me.
 I heard the shower turn off, the smell of shampoo wafting to my nose. I would be lying if I said I hadn't thought of Raleigh without any clothes on.
  She was petite, that's for sure. Slim too. She had beautiful glossy black hair and a cute, round face. I don't know how I found any other woman pretty; the only person for me was my mate, my Raleigh.
 I decided to look into her thoughts again, just to see how she was doing. I know it wasn't right; that I was being invasive, but if she didn't tell me what she was thinking, then how was I supposed to know?
 I don't know what Lucien sees, honestly. She thought. All I see is some weird, underweight girl with a chubby face and a disgusting body. What Lucien sees—I'll never know. 
Anger rose up my throat and I growled, rising up from the bed. I may not be her, and I may not know what she goes through, but I do know what I see. And what I see is the most beautiful girl I've ever laid eyes on.
She exited the bathroom slowly, briefly looking up at me to hand over the shorts. I bent down and she gripped my shoulders, steadying herself as she stepped into each hole. Once I had brought the pants up to snap at her waist, I grabbed her hips and kissed her hard. As if I could kiss away every derogatory thought, she had of herself.
 She squeaked, and it took her a moment to respond, but when she did, it was just as passionate as I had been. I held her tightly against me, cupping the back of her head to hold her. Our lips moved together, and I felt my chest feel like exploding. My kisses with other women could never compare with my kisses with Raleigh. Hers were sweet and gentle, just like she was. 
 When we broke away, I trailed a finger down her cheek.
 "I don't want to hear you think that ever again," I ordered. 
 She frowned. "Think about what?" She asked. 
 "You know what. I want you to know that you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met, and I don't want to hear anything against that." I sighed, dropping my head against her belly. "You don't know what would happen if you said it again."
 "What would happen?" Raleigh asked. She threaded her fingers through my hair, and an involuntary purr made its way out of my mouth. 
 "You're very brave, you know that," I mumbled, avoiding her question while I thought for an answer. When she didn't reply, I looked up and saw that she was simply looking at me, waiting for me to speak. I leaned up and placed a kiss on her collarbone, her shoulder, her neck. A gasp made its way out of her, and I smirked.
 "I'm being gentle now," I said slowly, smoothly. "But should I ever hear you say that about yourself again, then—" I broke away to kiss her lips. "I won't be as gentle as I am now, Raleigh." 
 She gulped, and for a split second, I worried that I had scared her, but instead, she nodded, her eyebrow cocked haughtily.
 "I understand." She said. "But if that was meant to scare me, it didn't." 
 Confusion replaced my brain's thought pattern for only a moment before her inner challenge came into light. I threw her onto the bed and crawled on top of her. 
 She laughed. "You really can't say no to a challenge, can you, Lucien?" She giggled. 
 I nipped her earlobe, and she jumped.
 "Lucien!" 
 I smirked. "No, no I can't," I replied. 
 My marks were all over her skin, and as I kissed her lips roughly, I felt her fingers brush against my cheek, a whimper following after. 
 "What is it?" I asked. "Do you want me to stop?" Immediately, she shook her head. I cupped her cheek, running my thumb over the bottom of her eye. "Then what's wrong?" 
 Raleigh bit her lip and I flopped to my side of the bed, encompassing her in my arms. She snuggled into me and with a sigh, she began to speak, as if she was telling a tale.
 "I don't know who my parents were." She said. "I don't even know where I was born. All I have is my name and my birth certificate. Those were my only two pieces of possession. And... a song."
  I frowned. "A song?" I asked. 
 Raleigh nodded. "Yes. I remember, faintly, the voice of a young boy. He was singing a song to me. Maybe my brother? I was too young to remember his face, but I only remember the song. It was 'Hey brother' and I loved it." 
 I smiled. "The song, or the boy?" I teased.
  Raleigh giggled. "The song. I don't remember the boy very well." A small wave of sadness hit me, and I realized that it wasn't my emotions, but Raleigh's. 
 I kissed her forehead. "We'll find them, sweetheart," I promised, even though I had no idea where to start. 
 Raleigh smiled. "I don't think I ever will." She said. "But after I was abandoned, I was moved from foster home to foster home, orphanage to orphanage. I didn't stay long in them, though, because many families didn't want a disabled girl as their daughter. They always said that I was too much money."
 I growled but didn't speak. I rubbed her arms instead, my silent way of consoling her.
 "I was abused in many of them...but the worst was David." 
 This time, I couldn't hold it. An angry growl escaped my mouth and Raleigh looked up at me. 
 "He was my caretaker, Lexi's, boyfriend. He would always...complain about us wasting money, or abuse the younger, also disabled kids. He's the one who told me everything I thought—everything I believed. Whenever she was out, he would try to touch me, but the other little kids at the orphanage always stopped him, either by crying or by throwing their small toys." 
 A smile made its way onto Raleigh's face as she talked about the children, and while I was fuming that David tried to sexually abuse what was mine, I was glad that she had some savior while I wasn't there, even if her saviors were small four or five-year-old’s. 
 "Lexi never caught him, but one day, when he tried to...touch me again, I kicked him, hard." She smiled. "It felt so refreshing to do that, but when I ran, he promised to make my life miserable. That day was the same day I met you." 
 I clenched my jaw. "He won't touch you; I promise." 
 Raleigh smiled.  "I know you won't let him; I trust you, Lucien." She said. "But he knows I'm here now. He saw me at the mall." 
 I frowned. "On my life, I promise he won't touch you. Not now, not ever. You are mine." I kissed her, venting all my anger at this...David into our kiss.
  Raleigh moaned and I smirked.
 Beat that David, I thought scornfully in my head. I kissed down her neck, her body relaxing in my arms. My mouth sucked on a certain spot on her neck, and when I heard Raleigh intake a sharp breath, I knew that's where I'd mark her.
 I broke away from her. I knew she wasn't ready for this, she was still taking everything in. But with heat only weeks away and Caspian giving me migraines, I had to ask her.
 "Raleigh?"
 "Hm?"
 "When can I mark you?" 
 Raleigh's once closed eyes snapped open and she looked at me, confused. "What's a mark?" She asked.
 "A mark is like my...seal. My seal of protection and claim to you, and my warning to other males to back off." I explained. 
 Raleigh hummed. "Like the one on your cheek?" She asked. 
 I nodded. "Yes, like the one on my cheek.”
 "Can you mark me?" Raleigh asked, quietly.
  I blinked. Well...I wasn't expecting that so soon.
 "Now? Really? I asked, astonished. 
 Raleigh's lips quirked and she nodded. "Yeah. I-I want to be yours." She said.
  I smiled, turning so her body was caged over mine. She looked up at me, eyes large and wondrous. I leaned down, our lips inches away.
 "Are you sure you want this? I can wait. We have time." 
 Raleigh scoffed and rolled her eyes, eyebrow raised. "Well...I suppose I can make you wait a few more years." She moved to get off the bed, but I held her arms, pinning them behind her. 
 "Don't you dare!" I roared, feeling conflicted.
  Raleigh laughed. "Yes, Lucien...I'm serious." Her eyes flickered to my lips. "I want to be known as yours. I want to be yours, yours, and only yours. And... I want you to be mine" 
 Caspian howled and my eyes began to shift. I felt my canines elongate, but I saw no hint of fear in Raleigh's eyes. They only held sincerity, an affirmation that she was ready. 
 "Then you will be mine." I said. My voice had grown deeper, Caspian taking my body over. My eyes began to change, Caspian's dark color taking over. I bent down and kissed her, swiping my tongue over her lips. 
 She opened her mouth, and I heard her breathing more clearly. It was shaky, but I could feel her excitement radiate off of her in waves. They coiled around me, giving me more of a reason to kiss her harder, to explore her mouth. I broke away from her lips and began to kiss her neck, just as I had done a few moments ago, but with vigor and need. My teeth brushed against her neck and Raleigh stiffened.
Found it.
I opened my mouth, canines out, ready to bite into her tantalizing brown flesh and finally claim her as mine—
—when the door to our room flew open.
 Raleigh gasped and I growled, taking a protective stance over her. Anger flared inside of me and I was ready to rip apart whoever had just stopped me from marking my mate—until Raleigh's trembling, needy voice stopped me.
 "Conner?!"
 My canines receded and Caspian, albeit grumpily, retreated back inside my mind and my vision cleared.
Poor Conner looked like a deer in headlights. Fear strangled his eyes and his mouth was opening and closing like a goldfish. He looked scared, which he should be, considering I was just about ready to kill him. He looked bedraggled: His clothes were wrinkled and messy; his eyes were hazy yet dark, which meant that his wolf was on alert. His hair was in spikes all over his head and he was panting for breath. He had a few cuts and bleeding wounds on his face and arms and was leaning against the door.
In other words, he looked like he'd been in a fight.
 "Sorry to interrupt, Alpha! Luna! But-But there's a—!" Conner coughed and both Raleigh and I immediately ran to him.
 "Sit down, Conner! Breath!" I instructed him. 
 Conner shook his head, brushing my hand away roughly. "No! No, Alpha there's a rogue! A-And he keeps saying he wants to see his sister! We tried to keep him back, we still are, but he's very strong!"
  I growled, sniffing the air. "Let's go," I said. I grabbed Conner by the arm and began to walk out the door, but Raleigh held me back.
 "I want to come!" She blurted.
  My eyes darkened. "No."
 "What! Why?"
 "It's too dangerous. I don't want you getting hurt!"
  "I'll stay behind you."
 "...Fine. But you can't go past me, understand?" I asked sternly.  
 Raleigh nodded, once, fifty times. I turned to Conner.
 "Let's go."
~*~
 The pack was in a disarray. Everyone was scrambling to get inside their homes, and some males were running in and out from the pack boundary. I had shifted by then, along with Conner. Raleigh, surprisingly, was keeping an easy pace with us on foot. Luckily, nothing was on fire, unlike the last rogue surprise. 
 We reached the pack lines in no time. Like promised, Raleigh stayed behind me. Valentin and Shawn held the rogue back, feet away from me. They bowed as I approached, but still held the man firmly. At one point, he almost escaped, but Valentin kicked his legs and he dropped to the ground. 
 "Who are you and what do you want?" I growled. 
 The rogue glared at me. He had dark brown eyes and short, scraggly black hair. He had brown skin and wore ripped shirts and shorts. From the looks of it, he wasn't very muscular, but he was lean. In fact, he reminded me of someone.
 I turned to look back at Raleigh, who was staring shell-shocked at the man. He too was looking at her, his eyes widening. 
 "R-Raleigh?" He gasped, choking on his saliva. I frowned, padding closer to him. Caspian wanted to be released, but I blocked him out.
 "How do you know my mate's name?" I asked. 
 When he didn't answer, I shifted. Luckily, I had managed to shift in and out with my shorts, so I wasn't fully naked.
 "Answer me!" I roared. I clenched my hands and my eyes began to change color. The male, once looking up proudly, took one look at me and bent his head.
 "She's my sister, Alpha King." He mumbled. 
 I narrowed my eyes. "How do I know you're not lying?" I asked. 
 When he didn't answer, Shawn kicked his legs again. I took a few steps back, taking Raleigh's hand and holding it. She swallowed, and I could feel small amounts of fear radiating from her, but the most I felt was confusion.
 "I-I can prove it! Please, just let me see her again!" The man pleaded. I looked behind me at Raleigh. She was looking up at me, but her eyes lacked any emotion. 
 "Can I see him, Lucien?" She asked quietly. The forest grew still. My pack looked at each other. They'd seen me get mad before, and they knew what happened whenever I got mad. 
 Clenching my jaw, I swallowed my emotions and nodded.  "Okay, but I'm staying behind you." I agreed. 
 Raleigh nodded, and I squeezed her hand before letting her go. She walked to the border-line, myself right behind her. Shawn and Valentine tightened their grips on the rogue as she neared, and soon, she was face to face with him. I watched her eyes swivel across his face, down his arms, and around his body. I couldn't help a jealous growl escape my mouth. 
 "What's your name?" Raleigh asked abruptly. 
 The rogue blinked. "Everest." He whispered. 
 Raleigh pinched her eyebrows. "Everest...that sounds familiar." She mumbled. She looked back at me, then back to Everest.
 "Do you have any way to prove that you know me?" Raleigh questioned. I smiled proudly behind her. She knew how to interrogate perfectly, a perfect Luna. 
"Y-Yes, I do." He said. 
 Raleigh frowned. "Do you know how to sing?"
 "Yes."
 "Good." She looked back at me again, then, when she turned to Everest—
 —she began to sing.
"Hey brother, there's an endless road to rediscover~" She sang.
  I blinked. Since when could she sing? And in such a beautiful voice like that! I felt my heart pound. Everest, on the other hand, smiled.
 "Hey sister, know the waters sweet but blood is thicker~" Everest had a raspy voice, but when Raleigh heard it, I saw recognition flash through her eyes. 
 It was a bit difficult to know what Everest’s intentions really were, as anyone could have known Avicii’s popular song, but one I saw Raleigh recognize the voice, I signaled for Shawn and Valentin to let him go. When they did, he remained rooted to his spot, proving to me that he would respect my order.
 "And oh, if the sky comes falling down, for you-there's nothing in this world I wouldn't do~" They sang in perfect harmony, their eyes closed in bliss as they recalled their past experiences. 
 I could only watch silently as they neared each other, a fond smile on my face as they opened their eyes.
 "Enough proof?" Everest whispered. 
 Tears collected in Raleigh's eyes and she nodded.
 "Just like I remember, you and your raspy voice." She hiccupped.
  I wanted to soothe her, to wipe those tears away, but I knew right now that it wasn't my place to. Everest looked up at me.
 "Do I have permission to hug my sister, Alpha King?" He asked.
  I nodded. "Yes," I said. 
 Once Everest crossed the pack line, Raleigh ran to him, burying herself into his open arms. Slowly, my pack filtered out behind me, only Valentin, Shawn, and Conner remaining. 
 "You know, looking at them now, I can kinda see the resemblance," Conner said. 
 I smiled. "Yeah, they do look the same, apart from a few differences," I said. 
 Valentin clapped my shoulder.  "We're getting closer to the truth, Alpha." He said.
  I nodded. "Yeah, we are." I leaned closer to him while Raleigh and Everest were reuniting. "Do we still have the rogues in the cells?" 
 "Yes, Alpha. Should we do something about them?" Shawn asked. 
 I shook my head. "No. I'm going to interrogate them this weekend. Make sure they're well aware of the consequences of avoiding a question." I said firmly. 
 Valentin and Shawn nodded, and with a final bow, they left to the pack cells, leaving me with only Conner. I glanced at his wounds.
 "You might want to get that wrapped before Cindy finds out," I said.  
 Conner rolled his eyes. "Oh, god! Please no! Last time I had a paper cut and Cindy went insane!"
  I chuckled quietly. "She's only looking out for you, dude," I said.  
 Conner smiled. "I know. That's why I love her." He said. He gazed at Raleigh and Everest. "Feeling jealous, Lucien?" 
 "Maybe a little," I admitted.
  Conner laughed quietly. "Don't worry. From what I saw going on in your room, I'm sure she only wants you." He teased, snickering.
  I turned slowly at him. "J-Just how much did you hear?" I asked, but I was unsure if I wanted to hear his response. 
 Conner shrugged, a sly smile still on his face. "Oh, not much. Just a certain Luna saying she wanted to be yours, and a certain Alpha's pet names for her." He snickered again and my eyes widened.
  My face heated up, and I took a shaky breath. "I'm gonna murder you, Conner!" I snarled. 
 Conner choked, then began to laugh harder. "Go ahead and try, Alpha. But by the time you do, the whole pack will be filing at your door for a good listen." Conner howled.
 I grunted.  "I really need to put a lock on that door," I grumbled. 
 "Why do you think I have one?" Conner asked. "Logan teased me for a whole month before I caught her and... Drew." A flicker of sadness passed through Conner's eyes, but he shook it away. He looked past me and gave me a small smile. "I guess they really make you appreciate the simple pleasures in life." 
 I was going to ask him what he meant, but he'd already shifted and taken off, his dark brown wolf racing back to the pack. Small arms encircled my waist suddenly and I smiled. I twisted around and scooped my mate into my arms. 
Raleigh smiled and pecked my lips.
 "I'm happy you found your brother, Raleigh," I said. 
 She smiled; her eyes still red from crying. "I am too." She croaked. She rested her head in the crook of my neck and I looked past her to Everest, who stood awkwardly behind the pack line. He looked up and caught my eye. 
 "Why are you still behind the line?" I asked. "Come on," I smirked at him, and he smiled, taking a deep breath as he crossed as if he was the first man on Mars. 
 We both looked up as a crow passed, the glow of the moon caressing us gently, pushing us towards the pack. 
 I looked at Everest. 
"We need to talk."


Raleigh: Chapter 17

 I couldn't believe it…I had a brother!
Maybe the Gods were on my side now. I had a loving mate, a protective pack, and now a brother! Apart from a few minor surprises (etc.: kidnapping/rape incident) things were going by pretty smoothly.
 I relaxed against Lucien's sturdy chest, Everest trailing behind us. Once or twice, I peered over Lucien’s shoulder to look at him—to make sure that he was real. I found it kind of amusing that he was named Everest and I was named Raleigh. It made me believe that our parents loved the outdoors. Or maybe traveling
 I felt Lucien looking at me. "What's so funny?" He asked. 
 My mouth twitched. "Nothing much...Just, isn't it funny how both Everest and I are named after places?" 
 Lucien's dark eyes cast towards to Everest, then back at me. He chuckled. "It is quite funny." He agreed. 
 I looked over again at Everest, who was walking with his head bent and eyes downcast, like he had gotten in trouble. "Everest? You okay?" I asked. 
 At the sound of my voice, Everest's head immediately shot up. He smiled at me.  "I'm okay, sis. Just tired and shocked. I never expected I'd actually find my little sister again…I’m still trying to understand all of this…"
 "Speaking of finding, how did you know Raleigh was here?" Lucien asked. 
 Everest shrugged. "I don't really know, if I'm being honest. I smelled a scent close by…a familiar scent, investigated, and found you. The rest is all fuzzy."
 "Fuzzy?" Lucien didn’t turn, but I could hear the confusion in his voice. "Fuzzy as in, you don't remember? Or fuzzy as in 'I just woke up from a nap'?" 
 Everest shrugged. "Fuzzy in both ways, I guess. I don't really remember much from my past." 
 I frowned. Everest’s words sounded familiar—too familiar.
 "Huh...neither do I," I said. 
 Everest's hazel eyes swiveled up to meet mine. "Really? I thought I was just going mad! There's nothing you remember?"
  I shook my head, dropping it onto Lucien's shoulder. "Nothing," I repeated. 
 Everest hummed.  "I remember a few things but—!" He broke off, some of his words enveloped with a yawn. "I'm a bit fatigued. Do you mind if we talk about this tomorrow?" His question wasn't directed to me, rather to Lucien. Like he was intimidated.
  I tapped Lucien's shoulder, and he abruptly turned, as if waking from a dream. He looked down at Everest and nodded, which I had to admit I found a bit funny. Out of everyone I knew, Lucien was the last person on my list to phase out during an important conversation. Either that, or he was giving Everest and I as much space as he could. 
 "Of course. You can stay with us for now." He said.  
 Everest's eyes widened. "Whoa! You mean—in your palace? Cool!" 
 I grinned, his excitement addictive. “It’s pretty big,” I said. “Well, actually, it’s not just big. It’s huge.”
 Both Everest and Lucien laughed.
 "I'm sure it is," Everest said with a chuckle. He looked up at Lucien's head and sighed. 
 "What?" I asked. 
 He opened his mouth, but shut it just as quickly, turning away.
 "I—nothing. I'll tell you later." He mumbled. 
 "Okay...I guess." 
 Lucien set me down as we reached the door to his house and fished his keys from his pocket. I trailed behind with Everest as he led both of us upstairs, down the hall to a white-no-beige door. I smiled, proud at myself for remembering one of Jasmine's colors.
 "You can stay here for the time-being Everest," Lucien said once we reached a tall, thin red door. He threw my brother a golden key, which bounced in Everest's hands before he caught it.
 "Thanks." Everest knelt down and hugged me tightly. He pressed a kiss to the base of my head, ruffling my frizzy hair for what felt like the hundredth time that day.
 "I'll see you in the morning, sis." He said. He nodded to Lucien, bowing slightly before he turned the lock to his door and shut it.
  I stared at his door, unmoving. I didn’t really want to move, but, just like Everest, fatigue crawled up my limbs like spiders and a small groan escaped my lips. 
 "Are you okay?" Lucien asked, sounding amused.
  I regarded him out of the corner of my eye, beaming.  "You don't know how happy I am, Lucien," I said, sighing. 
 Lucien's lips quirked and he shook his head, lifting me into his arms. A part of me wanted to walk to our room, but another part begged me to let him carry us. My eyes were already closing and I lay limply against his chest as he walked down the hallway and up the next flight of stairs to our room. Kicking the door shut with his foot, he laid me gently on the bed, pausing only to toe his shoes off. 
 We lay in bed together, basking the soft silence that had enveloped us. Beneath our room, there was some shuffling, then some soft pounding, before everything stilled. The only sound that I could hear was the sound of Lucien's heart beating, it's continuous thumping resonating like music in my ears.
 "Do you like Everest, Lucien?" I asked quietly. 
 Lucien grunted and looked down at me, stroking my hair. "I do like Everest, sweetheart. I'm only thinking about what to do next."
 "What do you mean?"
 "Well, if Everest has some information about your past, maybe that can help us. If not, then we're back to square one." He sighed tiredly and ran an agitated hand through his hair. "Between rogues and Darius and keeping you safe, it's not easy, I'll admit. But I love you too much to give up right now."
 "I'm not a burden, am I?" 
 Lucien immediately tugged my body closer to his. "No. You are never, and will never, be a burden to me. I don't care whatever the crap David told you—he's wrong. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, and don't you dare forget it." He said it so fiercely, so strongly, that I almost believed him.
 Almost.
 A small part of my body still refused to accept the fact that I had a home now. That I had someone who could love me and help me love myself. I don't know why. It was very irritating, yet it also kept me sane. It was like I was in a dream, and that small consciousness in my body was my alarm, telling me that this would never be a reality— that nobody could really love a cripple.
 A growl ripped from Lucien's throat, and before I knew it, I was pinned underneath him, his pitch-black eyes glaring at me.
 "What did I tell you?" He snarled. 
  I flinched. Caspian had taken control, much to my and Lucien's chagrin. I knew he didn't really like it when Caspian took control, and now I could see why.
 "Well? What did I say?" He repeated. His voice was louder, deeper as if he was speaking through a microphone. 
 I blanked for a couple of seconds, momentarily frightened by Caspian’s sudden appearance, before I found my voice again.
 “Not to say things like that?” I asked. Although nothing it really stopping me from saying it.
  Lucien, or maybe Caspian, nodded, kissing me forcefully. His hands held my arms tightly, as if I was a ghost about to slip from his grasp. I whimpered. He was rough again, just as he had been this morning. I felt his arousal—smelled it even, which was weird, but also, a bit gratifying knowing I actually made someone feel excited. 
 Lucien had taken complete control of the situation, his kisses growing hotter and needier by the second. My body had gone on autopilot and I actually let him take control. I hoped that he couldn't hear me now, but I liked it when he took control. I liked gazing at him from above me, admiring what other women wished they had. 
 My breathing became shorter with each one of Lucien's powerful kisses. His hands had begun to travel, gripping my hips, my legs, anywhere he knew could make me squeak or moan. He licked my lips again, and this time, I let him in without hesitation. It seemed like his kisses could make me forget about how I looked, how I felt, how I acted, how I thought. All I could ever focus on was him, and the way he made me feel. He did them to make me forget, I knew, but how long would they last?
 It's because he loves you, Raleigh. He thinks making you forget about the pain will eliminate it, the voice in my head whispered.
 How do you know? I feel what I feel. Why does he think making me forget about it will eliminate it? I asked. I felt her smile.
Because I know, dear. Trust me, and trust your mate. He'll keep you safe and love you for the rest of your life. She said. 
 How do I know for sure? How do I know who to trust? I pleaded, getting desperate. Her voice was fading.
Trust your heart, was the last thing she said before I was brought back to reality, a concerned Lucien now meeting my clear eyes.
"Raleigh?! Raleigh, are you okay, sweetheart?!" He was asking, over and over again.
  Startled, I nodded my head, gazing at him from above me. "Yes? Why? What happened?"
  Lucien sighed, relieved. "Thank the Moon Goddess! I thought I was too rough!" He exclaimed. 
 I shook my head. "No... I was just talking to myself. You know, I got lost in my daydreams again." I laughed weakly, but Lucien frowned. He plopped onto his side of the bed; his arms still encased around me.
 "Can you tell me about your voice again? What is she like?" He asked.
 "I don't know really. She sounds like…an older sister, or mom, and she always knows how to guide me when I need it. She also...keeps telling me to trust you." I said. 
 "I want you to trust me, but at your pace, okay? I know you've said that you do, but I want you to make sure you're positive about it." Lucien said. 
 I bit my lip. "I can't make you wait forever Lucien..." I said. You can find someone else, anyone else. And it’ll hurt. It will—a lot. But you’ll be happier…without me…
 Lucien ran his thumb over my lip. "I have eternity, sweetheart. And so, do you. I'll wait to the ends of this Earth, and even if I never hear you say them, then I'll die happily knowing that you were my mate, my Luna." He murmured, so lovingly, so passionately. 
 My heart squeezed. "But how do you trust me so easily? Why is it so hard for me to trust you?! I just want you to be happy! Why is that so hard?!" 
 Lucien ran his hands over my hair, shushing me quietly. Slowly, I composed my heart, catching my breath to stop myself from ranting.
 "Love takes time. So does trust. With what you went through, I wouldn't blame you for not trusting me. I only want you to know that, even if I have to risk my life or my title for you, that I'd do it in a heartbeat." 
 Of course, he would. Would I, though? I thought. I watched him quietly as he slid off the bed, pressing a soft kiss to my lips.
 "I have to take a shower and brush my teeth. I'll be out soon." He said. 
 I barely nodded. "Yeah...okay."
  Lucien frowned, but only spared me one more glance before heading into the bathroom. Thank god I had already brushed my teeth—all I had to do now was change.
 This time, instead of asking for Lucien's help, I slipped a nightgown over my slim frame. It was warm outside anyway. I left my hair loose, only pausing to comb it. I don't know how I got so many tangles in it, but somehow, I always do. 
 Lucien decided to take his time in the shower today, so I looked around the room, wondering what he had that I could do. The golden handle to the balcony caught my eye, and I wandered to the door, pulling the latch open. 
 A sharp, powerfully warm wind hit me and I stumbled, but my frown turned into a smile and I laughed. The wind circled me, and with my eyes shut I followed it out to the balcony. Pressing my palms onto the granite surface of the ledge, I gazed at the sprawling, welcoming pack underneath me. Many lights had begun to illuminate in small houses, and children that were once playing outside had trickled back into their houses.
 "Wow..." I said in awe. "That's beautiful."
  Pride welled up in me at Lucien's power and influence—at how he'd made a wonderful and strong pack… a strong nation. 
 "It wasn't always like this," Lucien said from behind me.
  I felt his arms wrap around my waist, and his chin rest on my shoulder. He pressed a kiss to my neck. "When my father was Alpha, the pack was nowhere near the state it's in now."
 "What was it like before?" I murmured.
  Lucien hummed. "It was...a madhouse." He admitted. "There was war everywhere you looked, and nobody was happy. Life spans were short, and some lives barely got a chance to—well—to live!" 
 "That's horrible," I said, shivering. I didn’t know if it was from the wind or from his implication, but I didn’t want to find out.
 Lucien nodded against my shoulder. "It was. My father would have been a good leader, and he was, until Jasmine's birth. "
 "What happened after her birth?"
 "My father...didn't particularly treat girls properly. He thought they were only vessels for his pleasure, and he used them. He only wanted a son, so when my mother got pregnant and gave birth to a girl, he went mad. Madder than he already was. He began to shift and kill humans. He'd ravage girls murderously in the forests...And because of that, I was cursed."
 "You!? But you did nothing wrong!" I exclaimed. 
 Lucien sighed sadly. "I did a lot of questionable things in my youth. I was a horrible person, just like my father."
 "No." I said firmly. I turned around to face him. "You are not like your dad, Lucien." 
 He looked away, ashamed. "Yes, I was," He said. My stern eyes softened.
 "Lucien." I touched his chest, and that got his attention.  He held my wrist. "You may have done some things before, but you're the best Alpha I've seen. Your pack loves you. Your sister loves you. I... You are nothing like your father." I almost slipped up, and I'm glad I caught myself. I wasn't ready yet. 
 Lucien placed a kiss on my cheek, then my lips. "I suppose." He said, still sounding uncertain. "But I wasn’t cursed because of my actions. I was cursed because he ravaged a witch, bloodily. She got mad, and cursed him that his firstborn would be born with immortality, yet suffer without his mate for centuries."
 "Why is that a bad thing?" I asked. 
 Lucien stroked my sides. "Because without a mate, a male's inner wolf can go mad, and Caspian did. I don't remember what happened those couple of centuries, but I went mad, and Caspian was in control. I killed thousands, burned homes...ravaged innocents. Had Jasmine not found me and helped, I never would've become sane." He sounded sad, regretful. As if the weight of his actions had been laying on him for years. 
 I bit my lip. "Bend down," I said finally, softly. 
 Lucien frowned. "Why?"
 "Just do it," I repeated, still quiet. "Trust me." 
 Lucien smiled. "I do trust you, sweetheart." He bent down, and once I was eye-level with him, I pressed my lips onto his, just as he had always done with me. To make him relax—to make him forget.
 Forget about everything. I thought in my head, somehow hoping he could hear me. Think about this feeling, this touch, this pleasure. Think about this… love.
Lucien groaned and I felt my feet being lifted from the ground. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pushed his head closer to mine. I didn't care that we needed to breathe; all I cared about was making sure that he knew there were people here for him.
 "Raleigh..." He moaned. 
 Butterflies tickled my stomach and this time; I licked his lips. Almost immediately, as soon as my back hit the bed, his mouth opened. I could feel his surprise… his hesitancy to take control… his awe at how controlling I was.
 "Raleigh...how...!" He managed to choke out. 
 I smirked. Finally, I did something right! I pushed him up, and in a quick, abrupt second, I had managed to flip us both, this time with Lucien underneath me. We broke away with a gasp, hands still moving slowly. Lucien stared up at me in amazement, his hands still gripping my hips.
 "H-How did you do that?" He quivered.
  My own eyes wide, I only gaped at him. "I-I don't know..." I wasn’t that strong—anyone could overpower me, but Lucien? H-How did that happen?
 Lucien's half-lidded gaze met my eyes and he smirked. "I'm not exactly complaining though." He murmured, cupping my cheek. 
 I blushed. "That...I-I don't...uh..." 
 I groaned and Lucien chuckled. He laid back on the bed and switched the light off as I lay against him.
 "Don't worry. It was a definite turn-on." He whispered. 
 I slapped his chest playfully. "Lucien!" I scolded. "I meant that to make you feel better! Not to...turn you on!" 
 Lucien laughed quietly. "Well, it most certainly did." He said. I felt his hands in my hair again, and I sighed, relaxing easily against him.
"There's one more thing I have to tell you." I heard him say after a while. I hummed sleepily.
 "What is it?"
 "After the witch incident, my dad went really mad. Like, off his rocker to murdering people for no reason mad."
 "I thought he was already doing that."
 "Not really. He was only killing during war. After, he really started to kill. We had to banish him." 
 "I'm sorry..."
 "Don't be. I'm just glad he didn't hurt my mother."
 "Did he hurt Jasmine?"
 "...Yes." Lucien sat up, and I slipped off his chest briefly for him to pull his shirt off. He tossed it on the floor, laying back down.
 Now, I'll be honest, I did ogle Lucien a good bit. I mean, how could I not? He was muscular, fit, handsome. And his tattoos were just the icing on the cake!
 Speaking of tattoos, I began to trace them. I followed the curvy paths and intricate designs of wolves, dragons, or abstract shapes and art. At one point, I felt a slight dip on his skin. Frowning, I continued my tracing, only to feel another dip, then another, then another. The skin there was soft, almost like thread. Almost like...my scars.
 I looked up, my eyes wide, at Lucien. 
 He nodded sadly. "I took my father's beatings for my sister. Every single time...and my brother."
  I blinked.
 "Wait a minute..." I gaped at him in the dark. "You have a brother?!"
  Lucien gave a breathy chuckle. "Yes, I did. He...disappeared with my father."
  I stopped my tracing, recalling back to when I was flaunting about the fact that I had a brother. An uncomfortable feeling spread through me, like grease.
 "Oh, Lucien...I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to act so arrogantly when I met Everest...I was just so happy!"
 "What?!" Lucien seemed appalled. "No! You had every right to be happy! I wasn't upset. Maybe I was jealous... a little, but I wasn't mad! You had every right to be happy!"
 "You sure?" I asked skeptically. 
 Lucien kissed my forehead. "I'm sure." He yawned. "Goodnight, sweetheart."
 "...Night, Lucien," I smirked. "Oh, and you don't have to be jealous. Maybe if Everest wasn't my brother, then you would have to be."
 "Raleigh!"
~*~
Watching Everest bounce up and down on the plush couch seats, I could see how we were siblings.
 We looked the same. Same black hair and brown skin and eyes. We both had that same smile and crinkled nose. Same jumpy excitement and rapid voice. He also seemingly enjoyed wearing bright colors, like pink and yellow. From the back, anyone would have mistaken him for a girl.
  His head moved around like some anime cartoon as he gaped at Lucien's large office. I couldn't blame him really. It was a pretty cool office. 
 "You wrestle?" He asked, admiring Lucien's many awards.
  Lucien chuckled, nodding. "Yep. I used to wrestle in the Coliseum when I was younger." He said. 
 Everest's mouth dropped. "Damn—You're old! I-I mean...not in a bad way?" 
 Lucien barked out a laugh and even I giggled. Everest blushed.
 "T-That was an accident." He mumbled.
  Lucien wiped his eyes, still laughing. "I know, man. I know. But it was still damn funny. Nobody ever jokes with me anymore, except my Beta and Beta Female." He said.
  Immediately, Everest's eyes widened. "Why?" He asked, leaning over Lucien's desk like an intrigued child. 
 Lucien blinked, still sputtering with laughter. "Well...I guess everyone's afraid to insult me—!"
 "—Which makes sense," Everest concluded.
  Lucien's lips twitched and I giggled.
 "Good going, Everest." I joked, already at ease with my elder brother.
  Everest looked confused. "But...it's the truth?" He said, pouting.
  I smiled. "We know, Everest." I consoled, patting his shoulder.  
 Lucien coughed. "Right. So... you said you wanted to talk about something, Everest?" He asked. 
 Everest nodded, growing solemn. His eyes suddenly became darker. "Yeah...like I said last night, I don't remember much from my past. All I remember is running, a baby crying, and blackness. Then after, everything's a blur. I don't even remember who saved me!"
  Lucien frowned. "Someone saved you?" 
  Everest shrugged helplessly. "I think? I don't remember their faces very well. I do know it was a man, more than one. His face was rugged and scarred, and he looked kind of drunk. He walked with a sway in his step too. I don't remember the others. I met other people, but I don't remember many of them." 
 Lucien hummed.  "Do you remember anything about your parents?" He asked. 
 Again, Everest shrugged. "No, not really. I remember Raleigh, but that's it. It's like...I was meant to forget. Like they didn't want me to remember."
 "Who's they?" I asked.
 "I don't know!" Everest snapped. "I don't remember any names! I don't remember any faces! All I know is that I was running, I blacked out, I was saved, I ran again, and I found you." He took my hand, and I squeezed it gently. 
 "Alpha, Doctor Lucinda is—!" 
 We all turned to look at who had barged into the door. It was Ranveer, one of the pack instructors at the training academy.
  He had dark blue hair and strong grey eyes. He was buff, just like Valentin, but also gentle and quiet, just like Benedict. He stopped abruptly in whatever he was saying, his eyes trained suddenly onto Everest. 
 I saw my brother gulp, and Ranveer's eyes changed color, a low growl prowling from his throat. Neither Lucien nor I had the chance to react before he pounced on Everest, his lips on my brothers.
  I retreated back with a smile, although shock electrified my body. "Are they mates?" I asked, looking up at Lucien. He had an awestruck look on his face, and he nodded dumbly.
 "Y-Yeah...they are." He then began to laugh, and I soon joined him.  
 Everest and Ranveer, now detached from each other, suddenly remembered that we were in the room. Everest blushed fiercely and Ranveer growled again, bowing.
"S-Sorry, Alpha...I just..." Ranveer struggled to explain himself.    
 Lucien cut him off with a laugh. "Don't worry, Ranveer. It's fine." He said. "Just...don't plan on making out in my office, okay?"  
 Ranveer nodded hastily, his face covered in a red tint.
 "What did you want to tell me?" Lucien asked. 
 Ranveer took a deep breath. "Lucinda was requesting to meet with you later. I also recovered some files that Alpha Gregory from Rahway sent to you, as well as another message." 
 I watched Ranveer hand Lucien the thick packet of folders with curiosity, as well as some pity. I felt bad for Lucien, always having to stay up late. Instantly, I felt his arm around my waist, and I guessed he must have read my thoughts.
 "Thank you, Ranveer," Lucien said, nodding to him.
  Ranveer licked his lips and bowed, his black eyes still on Everest, who was shifting on his feet uncomfortably. 
 "You can go with Ranveer if you want to Everest. I won't hold that against you." I suggested.
  Everest looked contradicted. “Don't get me wrong, I want to come with you, but I want to talk with..." 
 He looked up at Lucien, and it struck me for the first time that while I could call him whatever I wanted, other wolves still had to ask permission to call Lucien by his name.
 "You can call me Lucien, Everest. You are my mate's family, which means that you're part of my family." Lucien said. 
 Everest looked shocked, as if he'd been given a bar of gold.  "I—yeah...Thank you. A-And I just wanted to have a word before I..." He trailed off, and Lucien nodded.
 "Of course." He said.
 "I'll go find Jasmine or Cindy," I said. "Maybe go hang out with them while you guys work and talk?" 
 "Okay, but stay with Cindy or Jasmine until I can get you. Can you take her, Ranveer?" 
 Ranveer bowed. "It would be an honor, Alpha." He said, opening the door. Lucien, before sitting, captured my chin and gave me a quick kiss before we left.
 The walk to the Gamma house was quiet and awkward, I'll admit. Ranveer wouldn't meet my eye. I guess it's because he kissed my brother in front of me. I didn't have any problem with it, and I'm sure he'd warm up to me soon. I mean, he had to, considering we'd be related.
 As we walked, I caught Benedict walking towards the pack lines out of the corner of my eye. He was carrying a grocery bag, as well what looked to be a as a shark tooth necklace. I contemplated calling out to him, but by the time I had decided, we were already at Cindy's door and Benedict had already crossed the pack line.
 The only problem was, as Jasmine had told me after Logan and Drew's funeral, that nobody was allowed outside the pack until the murder was solved.
So why was Benedict leaving?


Lucien: Chapter 18

 "You wanted a word, Everest?" I questioned, reclining in my seat. 
 Everest fidgeted on his feet, then with a shallow sigh, he nodded. His knees bent and he sat in the seat Raleigh once occupied.
 "I... I wanted to say something that I couldn't say around my sister." He murmured.
  I frowned. "Okay. What is it?"
"Do you know the story of the Alpha and the Luna who went insane after their children's disappearance?" Everest asked. The air in the room suddenly grew thick, thicker than it already was, like it was suffocating me.
  I struggled to reply for a moment. "Yes...Why?"
  Everest gulped, and it took me a couple of moments before I could catch on to what he was implying. The eyes. The hair. The accent. It wasn't Raleigh he looked like.
"Y-You're their son?!" I sputtered. 
 Slouching, Everest nodded. "I—yes. I am. Raleigh is their daughter...kinda" He admitted.
"Why didn't you say so when Raleigh was here?" I hissed.
"Because her memories are wiped!" Everest exclaimed. "She was kidnapped after I left and whoever kidnapped her wiped her clean of any of her memories! It's only because of you that she's remembering! That she's...changing"
"W-What is she remembering? What is she changing?" I asked.  
 Everest took a deep breath, calming his anxious nerves. "Raleigh isn't my birth sister. S-She was adopted, found on the road in a white blanket. My parents saw her as a blessing, and when she was taken and I left, nothing was the same. Dad had been stressed, and he was taking it out on our mom and me. I left, and when Raleigh was kidnapped, I guess they just-snapped! Our pack disbanded, and my parents—well—" Everest scoffed, rolling his eyes. "—I don't know what happened to them. All I know is that I'm going to support my sister, and if I have to die in battle for her, then so be it." 
 I smiled. "I appreciate your enthusiasm, Everest," I said. "But let's hope that there is no war. There hasn't been for years, and I would hope it stays that way. If you don't mind me asking...how did you know all that?"
  Everest shrugged. "Word spreads. The pack I was with, they had a doctor. She was an informant and fed the pack with all this information. She was from a different pack, but her mate was in our pack. To prove her loyalty, the Alpha made her spy on other packs. After her mate began an affair with another wolf, she left. I haven't seen her since."
  I hummed. "Well, I'll check with other packs as soon as I can." I mused. "Speaking of, I have to prepare the war council, just in case."
"Why? Has something happened?" Everest asked.
"Rogues attacked Raleigh. We locked them up, but I want to know what pack they came from and why they attacked." I explained.  
 Everest growled, his eyes darkening. "There was always something strange with Raleigh." He said, his eyes flickering. "She didn't really try to fit in, and her eyes were always glazed, as if she was talking to somebody in her head." 
 My mind traveled back to what Raleigh had said a couple of nights ago, about how she had somebody guiding her in her mind.
"If I can find out what the pack that attacked my mate wants, then I can probably trace Raleigh's roots," I mumbled, mostly to myself.  
 Everest nodded. "Probably. But what I don't understand is how the wolves knew that Raleigh was here." 
 My eyes snapped up to his. "What do you mean?"
"Raleigh's a human—I think. She has no scent, at least, not to any of us werewolves. That means, no werewolf can smell her either. When you met her, did you see anyone watching you?" Everest asked.
"No. The parking lot was empty."
"Did you tell anyone?"
"No—Well, I told Alpha Greg of Rahway," I said. 
 Everest looked down, playing with his fingers. "I'd be wary of him if I were you." He said. "I used to hear my Alpha talk about him, and not in a bad way." 
 I frowned. "I'll keep that in mind," I said, even though my mind conflicted with me. Why would Greg do something like that? I saved him! He owed me his life! We were friends! Why...?
"If it's not Greg—" I began "—then that means it has to be someone in this pack."
"A traitor." Everest agreed. "The only question is, who? Who would have a vendetta against you?" 
 I tapped my chin. "I... don’t know if I'm being honest. I'm pretty civil with my pack. At least, I'd hope so."
"You can never be sure, Lucien," Everest warned. "People betray families all the time."
"That's true, but we should take this one step at a time. First, we question the rogues. If they say nothing, then we'd have to rely on the meeting for any ideas."
"And then what?"
"Then, we attack the pack. Simple as that." I said, leaning back in my chair in satisfaction. Everest, however, still looked uneasy.
"I don't know. How do you know it'll work? How will you know the traitor, if there is any?" I shrugged.
"We don't. This is all guessing. Besides, this all doesn't just happen at once. We have lives, and now you have a mate. All this stuff, it happens in between." I said. 
 Everest still looked uneasy, but he bobbed his head in agreement. "...Alright. I suppose. W-What are you going to do now, if I may ask?"
  I smiled. "I'm going to rally my warriors and interrogate those rogues. They've been filling my cells for far too long. If they don't have any information for me, then they're of no use to me and—!"
"—And what?" Everest gasped.
  I grinned cruelly, twirling in my chair.
"Then...I'll snap their necks."
~*~
"You called us, Alpha?"
  I looked up from my paperwork with a start. Crowding around my desk, my top warriors stood. All of them looked down at me, perfectly poised, if not for a couple of shifty young boys. 
 I smirked, standing up to be eye level with them...well, as eye level as I could be with them.
 Most of the wolves in front of me were young boys in training who'd just be observing, but three of my warriors and I were going to do the real talking.
 Ranveer, the one closest in height to me, stood at the center of my desk. His hair was more brushed than when I saw him a few hours ago—probably trying to look good for his mate. His dark brown skin glowed in the afternoon sun and he grinned roguishly at me.
 Shawn was beside him. A lanky young warrior who transferred from Poland; he was one of the best behind the scenes guys we had. He reminded me of Alexander Hamilton, as he could easily manipulate his cards to his gain. He was somewhere around 7'5, with sandy blonde hair that had a green fade to it. He often wore baggy shirts and shorts, but today, he had a tight shirt strapped to his chest and a pair of clean, bleached jeans hitched onto his waist.
 Finally, there was Alexander. He was the middle one there, but he was the most bloodthirsty. He wasn't merciful, from what I had seen in short battles with rival packs. He had a mop of brown murky hair atop his head and had baggy, almost shady brown eyes. He had pale skin, so pale I thought he'd bleached it. He was always brooding—poking and prodding anything—or anyone, that had caught his attention. He was very attentive too, and along with his camera like memory, he made excellent work in a crime scene.
"Yes, actually. I did." I walked around my desk. "Do you remember the attack from the rogues a couple of days ago?" 
 Everyone nodded their heads, a deafening silence resonating throughout the room, apart from my voice.
"Are we going to get them to talk today, Alpha?" Ranveer questioned.
"Yes. And if they don't...well..." My eyes shifted their color, turning dark black. My warriors growled, their wolves on edge with Caspian.
"Keep an eye out carefully," I said, directing my voice to the younger ones. Their heads snapped up and they nodded once—a thousand times. They were nervous, I could tell. I kept my steady gaze on them.
"Nothing will happen to you, I promise that," I said, trying to sound as firm but as assuring as possible. 
 Many of them clenched their jaws, and after a while, their wolves began to make an appearance. In my head, Caspian began to thrash and howl. The men and boys shuffled to the sides of my door, making a path for me to walk through.
  Quietly, so that we didn't upset any of the other pack members, we made our way through the brushes of trees to a small cove. Stripping our bodies free of our shirts, I ordered everyone to hold their breath and dive. 
 Underneath the clear water, there was a damp brown hatch that led to the cells. I dove in first, and once the air bubbles rose to the surface, I motioned for my men to follow.
I hadn't been in the cells for years, and nostalgia hit me like a ton of bricks once I entered.
It looked like your stereotypical cell chamber. Cells lining the dark cobblestone corridors and a dusty path that led to them. Torches lit the dark underground tunnels and flickered hungrily above the ceiling, tasting the grime and soot that had accumulated there. 
 Shawn had slipped away during the time, probably to shake up the prisoners.  
 Alexander neared me and dropped the keys with a clank into my open palm. I closed my fingers around the key chain and clicked my tongue.
"I haven't been down here in ages!" I said, stretching. 
 Ranveer grunted, peering around warily. "It has been a while..." He murmured. 
 I took a deep whiff of the place.
"They're down the hall," Alexander said quietly. "Cell 9."
  I nodded. "Good. Did they sleep well?" 
 A cruel glint sparkled in Alexander's eyes and he licked his lips. "Not a chance, Alpha." 
 My eyes hardened and I too felt exceptionally cruel. They had attacked and almost raped my mate. They had injured and ravaged my pack in my absence. They deserved my fury, and I wouldn't hesitate to give it to them.
A shrill cry of pain cut off anything anybody else was about to say. I looked at Alexander and Ranveer, both who had firm jaws and fists curled into balls. I looked at the young trainees next, all who had their wolves unleashed and were growling and ready with the others.
Let me out! Please! Caspian begged. 
 I sighed. Let me assess the situation first Caspian, I said sternly. If they want to play hard to get, then I'll let you out. 
 Caspian was silent for a few moments, but suddenly, he cackled. It's a deal, Lucien. 
 I still felt his presence, but he was no longer controlling my mind. No longer enhancing my anger, not that he needed to. Looking back at the latch and pushing my wet hair away from my face, I began to walk down the dark corridor, following the painful whimpers and cries. Soon, towards the end of the hall, I saw Shawn by the gate, leaning nonchalantly and waiting. 
 He nodded once he saw me, and with an arrogant wink, moved aside so I could see what he was hiding.
 Behind him lay three bloody, yet alive, bodies. The biggest was glaring furiously at me. He had sharp green eyes and tan skin. Blood trickled from his ripped lip and he had a few good gashes here and there on his leg. Across one eye, just like Cindy, there was a dark eye-patch. Pools of blood splattered onto the ground and he coughed, spluttering more blood. I winced. That'll take forever to clean up!
 The second man looked at almost the same age as Benedict when we found him. He was shaking as he tried to keep his glare level with me. His icy blue eyes shifted around the room, meeting anywhere but my eyes. He was about medium height, not fat, but not buff either. He was somewhere in the middle.
 The third boy was the one that caught my attention the most. He was incredibly shifty and had blood spilling out from him everywhere. He looked no older than Raleigh, perhaps younger. His eyes held fear in them, so much that I could practically feel it radiating off him. He didn't try glaring at me. Instead, he looked away, his lips quivering. His teeth chattered, and I realized that this boy was truly terrified of me—of what I would do to him. I grinned. I could use that to my advantage.
"I'm not even going to try and give you any pity," I said, using my alpha voice. "So, I'm just going to cut to the chase now. Why did you attack my pack? Why did you kill my Beta? Why did you touch my mate?" 
 All three of them remained silent. I snapped my fingers and Shawn pulled the cell door open. The boy immediately scurried away from me, and the second man hesitated only a second before following him. The buffer man stood his ground, spitting at my feet.
"Your prowess doesn't scare me, Alpha King." He sneered. "Think you're so powerful? So strong? So, buff? What? How can these idiotic wolves follow you when you can't even protect your mate?"   
 He was trying to get under my skin, to see what I'd do to him if I lost control, to prove that I was dangerous to my pack. I snarled.
"I don't expect a straight answer," I growled. "But I will get an answer, whether you like it or not." 
 He scoffed. "Good luck with that. We won't be telling him anything, right boys?" 
 The second man gave a weak agreement, but I could see his wounds and his conscience were preventing him from replying further. The boy outright ignored his leader, only cowering away from me.
  I looked at Alexander. He nodded and walked into the cell. He grabbed the boy by his scruff, earning himself a yelp. He dropped the teen at my feet.
"How old are you, kid?" I asked. The boy quivered and the buff man bristled.
"Don't answer him, Alain! You hear me!" He ordered.  Shawn snuck up behind him, brandishing a sharp knife at his jugular.
"Keep your fucking trap shut if you know what's best for you, you bastard." He snarled. 
 The buff guy spit again, coughing more blood, but thankfully remained quiet.
"Your name is Alain?" I questioned.  Trembling, the kid nodded.
"Nice name, kid. My name is Lucien." I bent down to his level. "Now, I don't want to hurt you, so just answer my questions and I'll let you go with no harm against you."
"NO! Alain, he's bribing you!" The second man yelled. 
 Alexander cuffed him square in the chest. "Like he said—shut your damn trap." He growled. 
 I turned back to Alain, who was beginning to calm down. His body stopped trembling and his bleak eyes gained some color to them. I held my hands up.
"Look, kid, as long as you help me, I'll make sure nothing happens to you," I promised.
 Alain looked back at his companions. He bit his nails as he thought, blood still pooling around him. 
 I waited patiently, my pack all holding their breaths. Finally, he sighed.
"Okay." He agreed, ignoring the other two male's threats and indignation. "I'll help. But on one condition."
"Name it."
"My family and I need a place to stay. No pack accepts us because of my father's affair a couple of years ago. Give us asylum, and my family and I will pledge our allegiance to your pack, along with all the information I know." Alain said.
"Alain, you traitorous bastard!" The buff man roared.
  Finally having enough of his complaining, I grabbed the man by the collar and lifted him easily up in the air, my muscles pulling tightly. His sudden buff demeanor changed and he whimpered.
"Listen here you damn fool," I growled. "Speak again—interrupt again, and I'll kill you on the spot… not like I wasn't planning to." 
 He whimpered again and I dropped him with a loud thunk to the ground. He scurried away from me.
"Can you start from the beginning, Alain?" I asked.
  Alain nodded. "Y-Yes Alpha. Prem, the second guy, Ajax, the bigger man, and I were ordered by our—their Alpha to attack your pack. That's really it. He didn't say anything apart from killing anyone who stood in our way, but that we had to keep the Luna alive."
"That's all?"
" That’s all I know." 
 I turned to Shawn, who looked deeply into Alain. His eyes were hazy and glazed.
"The kid's telling the truth, Alpha. He's honest." He admitted.
  I shook Alain's shoulder, giving him a tight smile.
"Thanks, kid." I looked at one of the stronger rookies, Xavier.
"Xavier, take Alain and Richard and bring Alain's family to the pack. Get them settled and with new clothes and food." I ordered calmly. "And clean Alain up."
  Alain's eyes widened in awe and Xavier nodded. I stood, and Alain stood with me.
"T-Thank you, Alpha King! Thank you very much! I promise I won't fail you!" Alain repeated, trembling with disbelief.
"That has yet to be seen," I said, yet still gave the kid a smile. "One more thing, can you tell me anything about your Alpha?"
  Ajax struggled against his binds. "N-NO!" He retched. Alexander socked him in the head. Ajax fell to the ground, moaning in pain. He clutched his side and head.
"I don't know much about him, Alpha," Alain admitted. "He mostly keeps to himself. So much that he doesn't show his face to anybody. Not even his wife knows what he looks like!" 
 I hummed, thoughtful. "...Alright. Thank you, Alain. You can go now." 
 Alain looked at me gratefully, and just as I let him go, Ajax stood.
"You're going to pay you son of a bitch!" He roared. He flung Alexander backward, which shouldn't have done much damage, but Alexander was still weak from his last fight with Ajax. He stumbled backward and hit the wall with a thud. Prem had freed himself too. Shawn made a stance to get him, but I held my hand up, my eyes flickering.
"I warned you!" I roared. Ajax flinched and I glowered at him, Caspian coming into control. He snarled cruelly through me. "But you don't listen, do you? You fucking bastard!" I don't normally curse, but now I was beyond mad. I was furious.
  Ajax tried for a laugh while my pack backed away, restraining Prem.
"What? Can't joke around while your mate is probably fucking someone else?" He snarled.
  I roared and punched the wall by his head. He whimpered again and Shawn wisely released him. I grabbed him by the strings on his shirt and he gasped, my hands choking his throat.
"Listen to me, and listen quietly, because I'm only going to say this once," I snarled "Never, and I mean, ever, talk about my mate from your disgusting mouth! You hear me?" 
 I didn't wait for his answer. I slammed his head against mine and he cried out. His eyes rolled back into his head and Ajax slumped in my hands. Once I was sure he was unconscious (which was pretty easy to do), I wrapped my fingers around his neck—
—and snapped it.
The loud snap resonated loudly and clearly throughout the cells. My eyes were now pitch black, Caspian majorly in control. It had been years since I let him take control of my body, and I knew he was enjoying this. He growled dangerously, turning his furious eyes to Prem. Prem cowered back, but it was no use. Another snap and a second dead body clattered to the ground.
I panted heavily, struggling to regain control. My pack wisely stepped back as I neared. Shawn handed me a towel, which I took with a grateful nod.
I need control back, Caspian, I said. Caspian whined.
Why? I was just getting started—!
Caspian! This isn't up for debate! I need to see my mate!
...Fine.
  I closed my eyes, and soon, a calming wave crashed into me and I calmed, breathing a sigh of relief.
"Good now, Alpha?" Ranveer, who had been watching the spectacle quietly, asked. 
 I blinked a couple of times before I nodded. "Yes, I am now. Thank you, Ranveer." 
 I looked at the two, lifeless bodies. The empty, hollow eye-sockets and the red tongue's hanging from their mouths. I grimaced. "Bury their bodies by the woods underneath the Cupid statue. Don't tell anyone what you saw today without my permission. Understood?"
"Yes, Alpha!" Came a quick response from everyone, including my warriors. Had I really frightened them that much? Even Shawn, a wolf who had probably killed more in my pack than anyone else, was pale.
"Go to your homes. Clean up. Relax for now." I ordered.
"What about Alain?" Ranveer asked.
"What about him?"
"Can we trust him?"
"Hm..." I looked at Shawn. "Can you keep an eye on him, Shawn?"  
 Shawn nodded darkly. "Yes, Alpha." He said quietly, climbing up the stairs to the brown hatch. I waited till everyone was out before following him.
I couldn't wait to see Raleigh.
~*~
 "How was it at Cindy's?" I asked. I laid on the bed with my mate wrapped protectively in my arms, right where she belonged. Raleigh absent-mindedly traced shapes and patterns on my arms and bare chest, her breathing soft and even.
"It was okay." She said. "We played some games and Jasmine joined us." She rose up and snuggled against my shoulder. "I... I missed you." She admitted quietly, shyly. 
 I chuckled and kissed her gently. "I missed you too, sweetheart. I missed you so much." I murmured. The bond was growing stronger between us, I could feel it. I knew Raleigh could feel it too.
"Am I babyish, Lucien?" Raleigh questioned after a while, her voice dry and abrupt.
  I frowned. "No... why would you say that?" 
  Raleigh shrugged, looking away. "I... I dunno. I guess I heard some wolves talking, and they mentioned that playing was for kids and it was babyish. I-I don't really play! I-just...video games and board games?" 
 I shook my head and kissed her again. She complied, and I could feel some of her desire. Heat was coming, and fast. Raleigh was already feeling it.
"No, that's not childish or babyish at all. It's okay to play games, hell, even I still like to play games! And I'm old!" 
 Raleigh giggled. "You're not that old!" She defended.
  I laughed. "I am pretty old though," I said, sobering. "My immortality extended to my pack at the time the curse was set. Everyone living under my father's pack became immortal."
  Raleigh hummed. "Then how did Logan and Drew die?" She asked.
 "Logan had recently come into my pack, so she wasn't immortal. When the witch cursed me, she said that we wouldn't age, but we still could be killed.". 
 "Oh...that makes much more sense." She mused. 
 I stroked her hair, then down her sides, then to her legs. She made a soft sound, but before I could deduce what type of sound it was, she began to speak.
"What now?" She asked.
"Now...we have the rest of the evening to ourselves. I promise, nothing else can come and take me away from you." I vowed.  
 Raleigh giggled again. "I'm glad. I don't know why, but I just felt that something was wrong and my voice, and I wanted to comfort you." She looked up at me. "Everything is alright, right?" 
 I bit my lip, sucking a harsh breath. "Yes, everything is fine. Nothing you have to worry about." I said, which wasn't a complete lie. She didn't have to worry about anything, but we weren't out of the water just yet. "Other than pack stuff, we have the meeting scheduled the day after tomorrow. Because of that, I was thinking of having Conner and Cindy's promotion ceremony tomorrow, so we could hit the road by evening."
  Raleigh cleared her throat briefly, then nodded. "Okay. I... I’m still nervous. Really nervous. But if we have to do it, then I'll brave through it and do it."
  I smiled proudly. "That's my Luna Queen," I said, kissing her neck. She smiled and I grinned. "Besides, I'll be right there with you. Nothing will happen as long as I'm there." I began to press butterfly kisses on her neck and shoulders and she giggled.
"I trust you, Lucien. Implicitly." She sighed.
  My breath hitched, but I managed to make something come out of my mouth. 
 "I'm glad," I said breathlessly. "I trust you too."  
 Somehow, I had pulled her onto my lap and began to kiss her more forcefully. Raleigh didn't complain. She eagerly complied with my kisses, even initiating some. Soon, we became a moaning mess on the sheets; Our limbs tangled; Our mouths all over, kissing exposed skin; Our tongue's dancing with each other. I fought for control and eventually won, kissing Raleigh so fiercely that I heard our lips smack against each other, her breathless moans filling the air and becoming music to my ears.
"Lucien...Oh, Lucien...!" She gasped.
  I smirked, my fingers dancing along her stomach. I knew when to stop, so I didn't go further down, even if I wanted to. Her hands ghosted over my chest, brushing over my abs and lower region. I couldn't help but moan out loud.
"Raleigh...!" I gasped. Raleigh smirked into our kiss, and I growled. I pinned her underneath my body, flipping us easily. She giggled.
"Lucien!" She squealed. 
 I smirked. "Who's laughing now?" I asked, even though we were both laughing now. With the mood in the room now humorous, I spooned Raleigh against my side and lifted the blanket above our bodies, switching the lamp off. 
 Night filtered slowly through the windows, grasping my desk and books. The wind howled with laughter as if it had just witnessed our kissing session and somehow found it hilarious.
"I was thinking," I began softly "We should go on a trip."
  Raleigh tensed. "Really? Now?" She asked.
"Yeah. I guess to get our minds off all of this drama and just...enjoy ourselves." I said. 
 Raleigh remained quiet for a few moments, then she spoke up. "Okay." She agreed. "But when? Where?"
"I was thinking after my mother came. And maybe the beach?" I suggested.
  Raleigh hummed, snuggling against me again. "I like that idea." She said. She yawned. "Can we take Cindy and Conner too?" 
 I chuckled. She was so cute when she was sleepy. "Yes. We can take them and I'll just leave the new Gamma and Gamma female in charge."
"Who will they be? Will you crown them tomorrow?"
"Yep. Right after Conner and Cindy."
"Good. Oh, and Lucien?"
"Yes?"
"I... Good night."
"Good night." I wanted to fall asleep after that, but something still nagged me in the back of my mind.
Who would betray me?


Raleigh: Chapter 19

  The next day was kind of uneventful, to say the least. Lucien had some pack work to do and Jasmine was hanging out with Benedict, so I decided to visit Cindy and see what she was up to.
 The pack was pretty quiet today too. Maybe whatever happened yesterday had a large impact on them. Lucien didn't tell me much. In fact, he was a bit evasive when I asked him.
  I bet he just wanted to keep the weight of his actions on his shoulders, which I didn't mind, but I hoped that he knew he was a person too—a person who had every right to have feelings and to share their weight.
 I trudged quietly along the damp grass. My boredom hadn't even reached its peak yet. I rubbed my neck tiredly, trying to think of some way to pass the time. I had been with Lucien half of the morning, observing him do his work. But then I got bored, so I decided to go have some fun. 
 The only problem was that the Alpha, Beta, and Gamma houses were a few good feet apart, which meant I had quite a way to walk.
 I caught a couple of the other pack members setting up for the ceremony today. I knew Lucien probably would've wanted to plan this special day properly, but with the rush of the mysterious rogue, he needed a Beta, and fast.
 Along the main square of the pack, I saw Josephine and Alexander moving chairs looking like church pews along the moping grass.   
 Josephine had sweat beading on her forehead, and I wondered why she was doing heavy work in the fields while she was pregnant. Sure, she didn't look pregnant; her stomach was still flat, but she should've known, right? Surely any werewolf could tell when they were expecting.
I walked up to them slowly, admiring the banners that hung along small lampposts and the bouquets of flowers that sagged by the ground. It looked more like a wedding than a promotion ceremony. 
 They didn't hear me as I dragged along the grass. Only when I stepped onto the concrete did I see Josephine tense.
"Good afternoon, Luna." She greeted me amicably. She was a young lady in her early thirties, unlike Alexander, who was already well into his thirties. She had brown skin and kind pink eyes. She radiated a mother's warmth and that spiked something inside of me. Call it nostalgia, but something about the pale color of her eyes reminded me of something.
No, someone.
Alexander coughed and I flinched.
"I-I'm sorry. Hi! Er-Good afternoon?" I stumbled over my response and Josephine's lips twitched. I groaned.
"It's okay. You can laugh." I said. 
 Josephine snorted. "I'm sorry, Luna. Are you alright? Is there anything you needed?" She asked. Alexander scoffed behind her, limping to hang the next banner. 
 I frowned, peering at him from in front of her. "Are you okay, Alexander? Why are you limping?" I asked. 
 Alexander grunted, wiggling his foot. "It is nothing of your concern, Luna." He said gruffly. 
 I wanted to inquire more, but Alexander had already turned and begun to climb the ladder. I briefly wondered how a ladder that small held a man as large as he was, but quickly dismissed the thought when I remembered Josephine was still standing next to me.
"I... I was wondering, actually." I shuffled on my feet, suddenly shy. "Why are you working?" 
 Josephine frowned. "Why would I not be working, Luna? There is a ceremony later today and we need to get this place in tip-top shape." She replied. 
 Confusion marred my face. Did she not know?
"You don't know?" I asked, lowering my voice so that Alexander couldn't hear.
"Know what, Luna? Oh! Tara—can you put these up by the stage?" Josephine broke off from whatever she was saying to me and handed Tara the thick pile of banners that she was holding. Tara nodded and bowed quickly before leaving.
"You don't know that...you're pregnant?" I whispered. 
 Josephine's moving head abruptly froze. Her eyes slowly widened and her lips parted. I could even hear her breathing pick up the pace, rapidly.
"W-What?" She finally asked. 
 I shrugged. "You're pregnant," I repeated. 
 Josephine numbly pressed her left hand to her stomach. "H-How do you know, Luna?" She questioned shakily.
"I don't know for sure, but when I looked at you from afar, it was like I could see another heartbeat inside of you. Like I could feel it calling out to me." I explained, scrunching my nose as I did. 
 I was never good at explaining anything, even in school. Writing an explanation, yes. But verbally telling someone why I thought I was right was exhausting and too confusing. I had to sit and decipher my question slowly before giving a verbal response.
"Jo? Jo, what's wrong?" Alexander rushed up to us and immediately held Josephine, who looked like she was going to faint. I bit my lip, wincing when Alexander's fiery eyes were settled on me. 
 He was always a large man, one of Lucien's main enforcers. I never did like his vibe. Even now, when he was limping about with the other bruised men, he still had enough power to make me wilt on the spot.
"What did you say?" He growled.
  I gulped.
"Don't talk to the Luna like that!" Tara and Josephine both scolded simultaneously. Tara put her hands on my shoulders and pulled me back while Josephine stood. 
 I started to shake.
"Oh! I-It's okay Luna! It wasn't your fault! Alexander's just...protective of Josephine. Very protective." Tara consoled softly.  
 I nodded, but my jaw still quivered. In a way, Alexander reminded me of David whenever he was angry—unpredictable. I never knew how David would react, and even now, I didn’t know how Alexander would react. Maybe that's why he was Lucien's hit-man.
"Josephine, can you please do me a huge favor and sit out of decorating, please?" I asked. I didn't want to force her—to demand like Lucien did, but I did want my meaning to be clear to her and nobody else. Josephine immediately nodded, her head bending in submission. She nudged Alexander roughly, and with a grunt, he too bent his head.
"Yes, Luna." She said softly. 
 I nodded. "Good." 
 Once Tara and Alexander had left, I took Josephine to the side and instructed her to go see Lucinda. I may be wrong or I may be right, but I wanted a real doctor to make sure just so that I wasn't giving her false hope.
Taking one last glance at the pavilion, I once again began to make my way to Cindy's. I wanted to get there just so that neither Cindy nor Lucien would worry about me. I knew I was a burden and I wanted to try and ease that weight off of their shoulders.
 On my way there, I passed Avery and Ananya. They were both playing amicably by a large mud puddle with what looked to be Avery's trucks. He dumped a large metal bulldozer into the sloshing puddle and the splash covered Ananya's clothes, not that she seemed to mind. 
 I smiled.
"Having fun?" I teased. 
 Avery grinned up at me, his front tooth knocked out from a play fight with his caretaker.
"Yep. We're playing builder. Ananya's the builder, and I'm the concrete man." Avery replied, dumping another truck inside. Ananya was grabbing fistfuls of mud and dirt and creating a large mountain out of them.
 "Is that your house?" I asked, pointing to the pile.
  Again, Avery grinned and he nodded. "Yep. It's my house and Ananya's house, but I'm going to give it to Ananya so that she can have everything that she wants in it." He explained.
"You're a very good brother, do you know that Avery?" 
 Avery nodded strictly and hugged his sister, pulling her by the neck gently. Ananya whined, making grabby motions at the golden bulldozer in the mud.
"Yes. She is my sister. Mine, and only mine." Avery said firmly.
  I giggled. "Well, what happens when she finds a mate?" I asked playfully. 
 Avery growled, sounding like a baby lion. "Nobody touches my sister." He said. "She is mine! Right, Ananya?" 
 Poor Ananya, not knowing any better, nodded profusely and I couldn't help but laugh.
"You know, I have a brother. And I have a mate." I said. 
 Avery frowned. "Why? Don't you love your brother?" He asked, letting go of Ananya.
"Well, I do. But I also care about my mate very much."
"You don't love him?"
"I—What?" My voice cracked and I looked down at Avery, who was looking up at me with the biggest eyes I've ever seen.
"You don't love the Alpha?" He repeated.
  I struggled to reply. "Well...I do...kind of? I'm still understanding that myself." I said. 
 Avery looked a little confused, but he nodded nonetheless. He poured another batch of mud onto Ananya's pile.
"Okay. You can go now." He said.
  I chuckled, slightly relieved he had averted the topic, and easily at that.
"I can?" I asked. 
 Avery hummed. "Yes. You can go." He replied shortly as if he was already uninterested in me.
  I laughed again. "Alright. I'm going."
  Surreptitiously, so that Avery wouldn't see, I handed Ananya a pile of mud that had been sitting on a nearby porch and winked at her. She gurgled and slapped the pile onto her mountain.
 I began to hum as I left the siblings to play. I didn't feel comfortable leaving them on their own, but they were in the pack. Nothing here would hurt them. I repeated the same phrase over and over in my head, but images of the rogue kidnapping me blurred my vision. He had crossed pack lines, after all. If he could do that, then anybody could do it!
It always stuck out to me that Avery and Ananya had no parents. I think that was what made me want to talk to them. Because I could understand them. 
 They looked similar, almost like somebody I knew. I racked my brain, but the image of their parents just couldn't configure in my mind. It was their eyes that attracted me the most, especially Ananya's. Hers reminded me of someone special, someone I had talked to so many times, but just couldn't put a face to the name.
I was reaching the Gamma house when I caught Everest and Ranveer. They were walking together by the flower fields, their hands clasped together. I was happy for Everest, especially to find someone like Ranveer.
"Hi, guys," I said.
  Everest's grin widened when he saw me. "Hey, Raleigh!" He called, running up to give me a hug.
  I giggled and waved to Ranveer, who gave a small smile and waved back. Everest growled. He sniffed my neck, tickling me.
"What?" I asked between giggles. 
 Ranveer snorted at Everest's apparent fury.
"He touched you, didn't he?"
"Who?"
"Lucien. I smell his scent all over you!" Everest exclaimed. 
 I laughed. "Maybe..." I drawled. 
 Ranveer put his hands-on Everest's shoulders.
"But that's a good thing, right Everest?" He asked.
  Everest slumped at his mate's touch. "Yeah...I guess." He grumbled.  
 I giggled again. I could definitely see who was the authoritative one in this relationship.
"At least he didn't mark you, so we're still good." Everest finished. 
 I swallowed, hard. Flashbacks to our passion behind closed doors just a few days ago flashed through my eyes and it took a lot of effort to lie in Everest's face.
"Y-Yeah...totally didn't. Uh, you know what? You two enjoy your walk, and I'm going to Cindy's to...chat." 
  I didn't give either of them the chance to reply. As quickly as I could, indifferent to the way I looked when I ran, I bolted to the Gamma house, flinging past Jasmine and Benedict at such a swift pace I didn't even know I was capable of doing!
 I reached Cindy's house puffing for air and sweaty. It was always easy for me to get sweaty; one of the reasons I was picked on at school. I was picked on for a lot of things, especially my disability. Hurt shot through me, but when Cindy opened the door, I masked it quickly with a fake smile.
"Hi, Cindy!" I chirped, trying to sound excited. 
 Cindy smirked at me, leaning casually on the doorpost. "Hey, Raleigh! C'mon in. We have a lot to discuss." She emphasized 'a lot' all the while her blue eye trailed along my neck.
  I flushed. Lucien's promise to make it known that I was his was evident on any bare skin I had exposed.
  She grabbed my hand and led me through the house, which was almost exactly like Lucien's, if not for the amounts of beige and white that the walls were covered in. Cindy and Conner's house was smaller than Lucien's, and they had big and small boxes in every empty space of the living room and kitchen.
"Are you getting ready to move?" I asked.
  Cindy hummed in reply, leading me up a spiral staircase. "Yep. Since we're becoming Beta and Beta Female, we get the Beta house."
"That means we'll be closer!" I jumped in excitement. "I don't like walking that far." 
 Cindy chuckled. "You're so cute, Raleigh." She sighed. "I feel a little bad about how we became Beta and Beta Female, though.”
  I frowned. "You shouldn't feel bad. I understand why, though. But it's a happy day, and I'd bet Logan and Drew are smiling down at you from the skies above." I said. 
 Cindy gave me a weak smile. "I suppose so...I have an idea! Let's get you ready too! We'll surprise Lucien!" She exclaimed.
 I wanted to protest, but if it got Cindy's mind off of replacing Logan, then I'd bite my tongue and do it.
"Sure. I... I’d actually like to surprise Lucien," I admitted shyly.   
 Cindy squealed. "Awesome! When you're done with me, Lucien won't know what hit him!" She eyed my marks again. "Conner's out right now, helping with the preparations and all." 
She opened a bright blue door and led me inside a bright white and pale-yellow room. It was small, yet simple and quaint. A bed sat in the middle of the room with a vanity overflowing with make-up next to it. Boxes were piled up next to an empty bookshelf and the only other things in the room apart from the bed and vanity was a small birch table next to the vanity.
"You have a nice room," I commented.
"Thank you. It's not as good as the Alpha's, I'll admit. But I do like this room." Cindy sighed. "It's a pity I'll be leaving it. But, as you said, I'll be closer to you, so it's a win-win."
  I giggled. "Are you done getting ready?" I asked. 
 Cindy nodded, swishing her blonde curls. "Yep. I'm thinking for you...maybe some light pale lipstick to pop your eyes and some curls in your hair." She sifted my hair through her fingers. "You have nice hair though." 
 I flushed. "Thank you," I mumbled.
  Cindy clicked her tongue, then set me on the bed with my back facing her. I felt her long, manicured nails ghost over my hickeys and she snickered.
"Long night last night?" She asked. 
 I blushed. "Don't ask."
"Oh honey, I'm going to ask." 
 I felt the hot curling iron press gently on my scalp and I flinched.
"Sorry, hon," Cindy mumbled. "Now, spill the tea." 
 I sighed, seeing no clear way out of this. I wanted so badly to lie, but lying was never my forte. Anybody could easily tell I was lying because I laugh when I lie. And even if I didn't laugh, I'd end up feeling guilty about it later and apologize.
Yeah, I was weird.
"Where do you want me to start?" I asked dryly. 
 Cindy hummed cynically. "Mhm...maybe when Lucien returned. That's usually when his wolf is aroused the most."
  I rolled my eyes but complied with her request. "Uh...we talked for a little after he returned, but then he made a joke about him being old and I countered...and yeah one thing led to another and we began to...to..."
"To make out?" Cindy finished. 
 I weakly began to protest, but sighed, nodding my head in defeat. "I... Yeah. We ended up making out."
  Cindy whistled. "Damn you guys move fast. But then again, that's pretty natural with werewolves." She mentioned.
  I perked up. "Really? So, it's not irrational to have feelings for Lucien, even though I just met him?" I asked. 
 Cindy frowned and shook her head. "No...? It's natural for us to fall in love quickly. Assuming you love him?" 
 I bit my lip harshly. "I... I don't know." I admitted. "I mean, I care about Lucien. I like him. But how do you love someone? How do you say those three words?"
  I felt Cindy tug my hair, then the hot iron pressed against another part of my divided scalp.
"I don't know if I'm being honest. Sometimes, those words just tumble out of us. Maybe in the heat of the moment, or after sex. That's when Conner said he loved me."
"In the heat of the moment? Or after sex?"
"Oh, sex of course!" Cindy chuckled. "But he meant it, and I reciprocated. You'll know when you feel ready. And Lucien will give you all the time you need, believe me. He loves you already Raleigh, and he knows you feel strongly for him. I'd advise you to just take it easy. Don't worry too much about it." 
 I sucked on my lip brutally and tears pricked my eyes. "But what does Lucien see in me, Cindy? I don't understand what he sees that makes him think of a beautiful woman! I'm a minor! I'm fat! I'm a cripple! How could he love me?!" 
 A few strong tears slid down my cheeks and I heard Cindy sigh sadly. She wiped my cheeks gently.
"Oh, honey. Lucien loves all of you. I can't say I know how; that's something you have to ask him. But just remember one thing; True love goes farther than appearance. And I know Lucien loves all of you, inside and out. You don't know how aroused he is just watching you walk by—!"
"Like an injured penguin? Yeah, let's see how aroused he gets." I grumbled.
  Cindy shook her head. "It's true! He doesn't see what you see, Raleigh! He sees a feisty, beautiful, energetic girl willing to do anything for the people she loves and a heart of gold." Cindy tipped my chin up. "And there is nobody else in the universe like you Raleigh. You are one of a kind."
  I wanted to object, but a fierce fire roared inside of me, screaming at me 'why do you care!?'
Why do I care?
As Cindy continued to curl my hair, I pondered my question silently. Why do I care what other people think? What good did their opinion do to me? Why should I be bothered about what they thought of my legs, or my arms, or the way I walked. If there's one thing I remember my mother telling me, is that I was a warrior. And a warrior does not give up.
A sense of pride washed over me and I straightened, smiling.
"I don't care," I said out loud.
  Cindy hummed. "Don't care about what, hon?" She asked absent-mindedly.
"I don't care what other people think," I said resolutely. "I only care what I think, and maybe what my family thinks." 
 Cindy squealed. "That's my girl!" She exclaimed, tickling my sides. I laughed and caught a glimpse of her glazed eye, but I brushed it off.
"Yep. I don't care anymore. The only thing that should matter to me is how I look." I repeated.
"That's right, Raleigh. Oh! I can't wait for you to tell Lucien! He'll be so proud of you!" Cindy spoke eagerly. 
 I grinned. "He will?"
"Oh, you bet! I bet he'd even give you a reward." She winked and my heartbeat sped up. 
  I laughed nervously, hoping she couldn't smell my sudden arousal. "Yeah...but I'm not fully there yet. I may not care what others say, but I still want to learn to change my own view of myself." I said, sobering. 
 Cindy nodded. "You'll get there, Raleigh." She said. She curled the last piece of my hair and turned me around.
"Open your mouth slightly, hon." She ordered.
  I parted my lips and she smeared pink lipstick along my bottom lip. She then popped her lips a couple of times, prompting me to do the same. I felt the top layer of lipstick smear against my top lip and I licked it hesitantly, immediately regretting my decision.
"Bleh!" I gagged. "That tastes horrible!" 
 Cindy laughed. "Uh...duh! It's lipstick. Now c'mon! Let's get a nice dress for you!" 
 I laughed halfheartedly. "Dress? Can't I wear like...jeans or something?" I asked. 
 Cindy wrinkled her nose. "Uh...no. But you can wear a shirt and a skirt. Is that okay?" She asked.
  Knowing that was the best deal I'd get, I nodded with a shrug. "Okay." 
 Cindy poked through a couple of boxes, then handed me a Galaxy Mickey shirt and a green skirt. I made her turn as I changed, easily slipping the skirt over my head. 
 Cindy whistled. "Nice..." She murmured. She glanced out the window and smiled, pulling the hair-clips from her hair.  
"Let's go. We have to get there early to practice standing on the stage." She said.
  I snorted. "What?" I asked incredulously. 
 Cindy chuckled, leading me out the door. "It's only for like, five minutes? But it feels like forever and we have to stay still! So, we can practice." She defended.
  I laughed. "Let's get going then."
  We stepped cautiously onto the drying grass in our sandals and began to make our way to the concrete pavilion that served as a stage. Lucien and Conner both had their backs turned to us, reading some yellow paper. I turned to Cindy, and with a devilish nod, we both snuck up behind Lucien and Conner.
"Boo!" We yelled. Conner jumped comically while Lucien only turned with a raised eyebrow, smiling fondly as I cracked up.
"You know I could hear you, right?" He asked. 
 I was too busy laughing at Conner's reaction to answer, who held his chest.
"Dude you heard them? I didn't hear shit!" He exclaimed. 
 Lucien rolled his eyes and took my hand, pulling me closer. His eyes trailed over my clothes and my face, especially my face.
"You look ravishing, Raleigh." He said after a couple of moments, breathless.
  I took a shaky breath and did a one-over on him. He wore a grey button-up shirt with the top two buttons unbuttoned and a pair of jeans.
"You don't look too bad yourself," I replied. 
 Lucien's eyes glowed. "Keep saying that and we might never get this promotion ceremony over with." He growled, taking a shaky breath to control his wolf. He sounded pained as if it took an effort to shut Caspian down. 
 I bit my lip. "Soon, Lucien," I whispered. I left him gaping at that, trailing after Cindy to the side of the main circle. She winked at me.
"What did I tell you? Instant turn-on!" She said, spreading her hands. I giggled.
"Yeah. You were right about that." I said. 
 She smiled gently. "You do look beautiful though, Raleigh." She said. "Don't forget that."
  I blushed. "T-Thank you," I mumbled. I caught Jasmine's eye from where she was sitting on the front seats.
"Can you hold my spot for a quick sec? I wanna go talk to Jasmine." I asked. 
 Cindy nodded. "Sure. The ceremony starts in ten anyway." She said.  
 Thanking her, I trotted to where Jasmine and Benedict were. Around us, tables filled with food and small games were set up like a fair. Pups were wandering around the pack in their suits and dresses, eyeballing the games. The older ones were bickering quietly in the back seats, gossiping about crushes and mates. It reminded me of Logan and me, and how we would gossip like that.
"What's up, Raleigh?" Jasmine asked.
  I shrugged. "Nothing really. Just bored. What are you doing?"
"Waiting for this damn ceremony to start, that's what." She muttered under her breath. 
 I chuckled. "You guys set up fast! At school, it used to take weeks just to prepare!" I exclaimed.
"It would have gone faster if there were only werewolves, but since there were quite a few humans, it took a while." She explained.  
 Benedict sat quietly by her side, toying with the same shark-tooth necklace in his hand.
"What's that?" I asked, pointing at his necklace. 
 Benedict hummed as if he'd just noticed I was there. "Huh...Oh! This? I found it by the pack borders. It was inside a plastic bag, probably thrown away or left by campers. Looks cool though." He said.
  Jasmine's eyes narrowed. "I still think I've seen that before." She said. 
 Benedict shrugged. "Whatever the case, it's mine now. Finders keepers, loser weepers, as the pups say." He said, returning to toying with the beads.
  Jasmine scoffed. "Ignore him. He just likes to touch things." She said. Even though he wasn't looking at us, Benedict smirked.
"Should I stop touching certain things then?" He questioned innocently.
  Jasmine opened her mouth to reply, then shut it. "...No." She admitted. 
 I giggled. "You remind me of Lucien, Benedict." I laughed. "Always suave." 
 Benedict winked. "Why, thank you." 
 Jasmine huffed. "Besides that—are you getting ready for the Alpha Meetings in two days? Just you and Lucien? Alone?" 
 I blushed. "It's only a meeting," I mumbled.
"Is it? There's a ball after that, and I happen to know that male wolves there get very...intoxicated." 
 A loud horn was blown, signaling the Alpha was about to speak. I looked back at Jasmine. She winked at me and gestured to the stage, where Cindy was beckoning me. Reluctantly, I walked over to my spot, sighing.
"What's wrong?" She whispered.
  I shook my head. "Nothing." 
 Lucien took his post by the microphone, thankfully, as Cindy looked like she wanted to ask more. I gripped my hands together as he began to speak.
"Welcome everyone, to today's promotion ceremony." He began, pausing to let the claps and roars quiet. "We have been put to the test as a pack these past few days, and I am proud to say how strong and brave of a pack I have." More clapping. "As you all know, our previous Beta and Beta Female were, sadly, murdered by two rogues last week." 
 I frowned at the same time. Two? What about the third one? Wasn't there three?
"They will always have a place in our hearts, our souls, and our pack. However, it is high time I gave the responsibility of Beta to my Gamma, Conner." Lucien's golden eyes cast proudly onto Conner's slightly trembling form. "Step up, Gamma." 
 Lucien took a sword that had been resting on a pillow by him and lifted it into the air as Conner bent on his knee. For a split second, I thought he was going to bring the sword down onto his shoulder, but instead, he only tapped Conner gently on each side of his head. Then, he called Cindy over and did the same to her. He stepped back as he stood, his Alpha voice raising proudly as he introduced Cindy and Conner to the pack.
"Welcome your Beta and your Beta Female!" 
 The crowd roared in approval and howled at the sun, ironically. Cindy and Conner stepped back, both visibly shaking.
"You did so well!" I whispered to them. Cindy only managed a nod, squeezing my hand again. Conner ran a hand through his hair.
"Damn...I... Excuse my French, Raleigh but shit! I can't believe it! I'm Beta!" 
 Lucien clapped Conner on the shoulder. "Congrats, man." He said. 
 Conner smiled. "Thanks, dude."
  Lucien nodded and turned back to the crowd. 
 I frowned. "I thought we were done?" I whispered, confused. 
 Cindy shook her head. "Nope. Now he needs to knight someone as Gamma and Gamma Female." She said.
"Now, as you know, someone needs to fill the position of Gamma." Warriors perked up quickly, shushing their families. 
 I scanned the crowd, catching Lucinda and Wren in the back. Wren smiled widely at me, waving. Lucinda only slumped in her seat, looking away. Huh, something must be wrong with her.
"I have thought long and hard about this, as well as taken some suggestions from you as a pack." Lucien continued. "And I have come to a decision. Lucinda and Wren, can you come here please?" 
 I giggled. I could tell Wren was shocked, as she took a while to stand. Lucinda looked bored as she stood, even though she tried to look enthusiastic. They both walked and stood by Lucien, who knighted them the same way he knighted Conner and Cindy.
"Welcome your Gamma and Gamma Female!" He cried. 
 The crowd roared again, but I couldn't help but notice that Lucinda looked uncomfortable. She was standing next to Lucien, who towered over her (who did he not tower over?), so maybe she was just intimidated by him? He doesn’t exactly give off a very welcoming vibe. Even when I first met him, he looked so intimidating I never thought he could be a softie!
"Congrats, guys," I said once they'd stepped back. 
 Wren was jumping up and down, smiling. "Thank you, Luna! Thank you so much!" She gasped.
  Lucinda only bowed, offering me a small smile. "Yes, thank you." She whispered; her voice as soft as velvet. It was kind of unnerving, like a quiet villain's voice, but I thought nothing of it then. 
 Lucien had sent the crowd off to enjoy their evening. The pups immediately crowded at the games, while the teenagers lounged behind them, rooting their little siblings on or talking loudly.
"I have to go with Conner to continue to check around the pack," Lucien said as he neared me. "Can you stay with Cindy?"
  I looked up at Cindy, who smiled at me. "Sure," I said.
  Lucien beamed and bent down to give me a quick kiss on the lips.
"Stay safe, okay? I'll see you tonight." He murmured into my ear. 
 I swallowed and nodded, following Cindy as she rambled about what stalls we should visit. My eyes caught Lucinda. She was sitting idly on the bench outside the pavilion, eyeing each member of the pack carefully, as if she were taking them apart with her eyes bit by bit.
"Raleigh? Raleigh are you listening?" Cindy snapped.
"Yeah...Yeah, I'm listening." I lied. 
 Cindy tugged my hand and led me farther away from Lucinda, but for a moment, I thought I saw her sparkling eyes wink at me.
Eyes just like Cindy.


Lucien: Chapter 20

 If I were being honest, I was a little nervous bringing Raleigh to the Alpha meetings.
 I used to go on my own which was admittedly very boring. Lying on bed and gazing up at the ceiling grew tedious quickly. I never had much to do at the meetings anyway. All I'd do was watch Alpha's bicker with each other like squabbling pups over land transfers. Even Avery and Ananya fought much more civilly than grown wolves did!
There was a minimum of a few Alpha's I enjoyed conversing to; There was Alpha Daryl, who was, if I remember correctly, the Alpha of Columbus. He was a quiet Alpha, who didn't speak unless spoken to, or unless he was drunk, then he spoke a lot. His husband, on the other hand, was quite outspoken and didn't hesitate to drop his two-cents into any conversation.
 There was also Alpha Siddharth. He was a large, demanding Alpha, and one of my closest allies. I didn't know much about Siddharth. He was just as reserved as Raleigh was. To get any information from him, it was like squeezing juice from an apple. Nearly impossible and dreadfully long! 
 Alpha Greyson, but he had already informed me earlier that he wouldn't be able to make it to this year's meeting. He had to take care of his mate, and a recent murder mystery happening in his pack. I didn't mind, though. Greyson was on my good list regardless, and while his company would be missed, I understood how important pack and mate life was.
 There were Alpha's Chance and Liam. From what I heard, both Alphas would be unable to make it, one having marital problems and the other having family problems on his mate's side. They were my friends, though, close to me and Siddharth, so it didn't bother me, not like other Alpha absences did. 
 Those were the few wolves, among a couple others, that I didn't mind spending the pack meetings with. I had done it for the majority of my life, and all of them had been in my pack before I promoted them.
 I still remembered when Raleigh went shopping with Cindy and me. She was relaxed in the parking lot, but once we were inside, she had stiffened, as if trying to look normal in her standards. She was on edge too, alert. Whenever someone walked behind her or by her, she'd tense, as if expecting a blow. She also kept her head bent, trying not to attract attention to herself. At the Alpha meetings, all eyes would be on her, no matter where she tried to hide, and that made me nervous. 
 I glanced back in the rearview mirror to check on Raleigh to make sure she was okay. She was looking out the window, a wistful smile on her lips as the cars passed. She was so quiet I thought she was sleeping. Then again, she was always quiet.
 I think it had something to do with her life before I met her. She didn't talk much about it, and even when I got her to open up about David, she never mentioned her birth family. Everest had told me she was orphaned and found on the road, but I never got to hear Raleigh's story.
 "What are you looking at?" I asked.
  Raleigh jumped, and I couldn't hold back my amused chuckle.   "Huh? Oh, just the big family vans." She said, sighing longingly.
  I frowned. "Family vans? Like, the big white ones?"
 "Yeah. Logan said her family used to travel in them." She said. Then, softly, thinking I wouldn't hear, she whispered, "Wish I could've done that with my family."
 "Oh..." I didn't know what to say to her, or if I could tell her what Everest had said. I didn't get the chance to begin speaking, either, for Raleigh had begun to talk, speaking as if she was telling an old tale.
 "I never knew my family." She said quietly. "I was transferred from foster home to orphanage every single year, and every year I never got a word about who my parents were. Nobody bothered to tell me. I was simply told that I was abandoned, with a note-card attached to my basket saying they didn't want a baby girl." 
 I wanted to comfort her, but I was driving, and I'd rather not risk our lives right now. I settled for a nod.
 "I'm sorry," I said. 
 Raleigh shrugged, speaking bitterly. "It happens. I don't bother about it anymore. If they didn't want me, then that's fine." She sounded like she was going to cry. "I don't need them."
 "Hey, that's not true." I countered. "I'm sure your parents loved you."  
  Raleigh sneered. "Yeah, they loved me, but they left me to rot in the forests anyway." She scoffed. "Totally loved me." 
 I bit my lip, grimacing.
Tell her! Caspian prodded.
 What about Everest? I asked. 
 She's bound to find out soon! Caspian snarled. And if she finds out without your knowledge, she'll hate you!
  I winced. He had a point, as much as I hated to admit it, although hate might’ve been too strong of a word.
 "Raleigh..." I began hesitantly. 
 Raleigh hummed. "Yes?"
 "Do you remember when Everest stayed in my office to talk to me?" I asked. I heard her shift in her seat.
 "Yeah? Why?" She asked.
  I took a deep breath. "You weren't abandoned, sweetheart. You were kidnapped." I said plainly, even if it hurt to sound so blunt about it. There was no way around the bush now. I could only drop the bomb, not weaken it. I gripped the steering wheel.
 "I was...kidnapped? At birth?" She quavered, speaking as though she didn't believe me. 
 I winced. "Not exactly. We don't know who your birth parents are, but your adoptive ones loved you very much." I said gently.
 "H-How do you know?" She asked.
 "Everest told me. He said there were rough times with your foster pack and after he left, you were kidnapped. Your parents, I was told, went insane and the pack disbanded." I felt her flurry of emotions suffocate me, but the shock is what prevailed.
 "How do I not remember anything?" Raleigh asked, now sounding angry.
 "I don't know. Everest said your memories were wiped. He said finding me was giving you some of your memories back." There was a red light, so I turned in my seat to look at her. She was leaning back, her eyes wide with disbelief. Her mouth was opening and closing like a fish gasping for air.
 "I... can’t believe it. I... I wasn't abandoned?" She suddenly smiled. "I wasn't abandoned! Someone actually wanted me!" 
 I smiled, only having enough time to squeeze her hand before the light switched to green.
 "You have many wolves who want you," I assured. "I didn't know how much I could tell you. Everest was pretty evasive, but he found this out from his pack that he stayed with after running away."
  "I think I remember some things now." Raleigh murmured. “They’re mostly vague images of when I was found…a newborn, I think…and…ice cream?”
 “Ice cream?” I repeated. “Like, what you would have on your birthday?”
“Yes, like that,” Raleigh confirmed. Her eyes flickered toward the window again. “June 23rd…that was always my special day.”
 "June 23rd? That's your birthday?" 
 Raleigh shrugged. "My chosen birthday. I think I was like, seven or eight when I decided I wanted my birthday to be in summer.” She paused, one of her rare, dazzling smiles overtaking her face. “That day, I had my first taste of ice cream. Vanilla with chocolate chips. I’ll never forget that.”
 At the next red light, I looked back at her again. She was gazing out the window, still smiling, but I caught something flicker in her eyes again. Like a glowing pale blue color, reminiscent of Cindy's eyes, just darker. It happened a lot throughout her days with me and I would've questioned it, but then something dawned on me.
 June 23rd?! That was next week! Raleigh was turning nineteen next week and I had no idea what to do for her! I fumbled to speak.
 "What do you want for your birthday?" I asked abruptly, disturbing the silence that had enveloped us. 
 Raleigh hummed. "I don't know. It doesn't matter, really."
 "Well, it matters to me," I said defiantly. 
 Raleigh snorted. “Whatever you think would suit me, Lucien." She said, amused. 
I sighed, smiling. "Well, that doesn’t give me plenty of options then." I teased. I heard her sputter indignantly, taking a few moments before replying to my joke.
 "Shut up and keep your eyes on the road!" She yelped. 
 I chuckled. "You asked for it." I chided. Then, I asked, "Are you nervous about the Alpha meeting?"
 "A little." She replied. "I'm claustrophobic, so I don't like tight spaces. How many Alphas will be there?"
  I hummed in thought, smiling at the moon that had begun to rise to its throne. "Uh...well, there are more than 500,000 packs in North America...so maybe 250,000? More than that. And that counts their Luna's."
 "That's...a lot." She shivered.
  My eyes flickered up to the mirror. "It's a lot less than you think, considering some Alpha's don't come."
 "Why?"
 "Either they don't care, or it's too far to be making the journey every few months." I rolled my eyes, grumbling. "I know one Alpha who definitely won't be there."
 "What is the set-up like? Is there a stage?" Raleigh asked, worry tinged in her voice. 
 I shook my head. "No, no stage. Do you know King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table?"
  "Yes."
 "The set-up is like that."
 "Must be one large table then." 
  I laughed. "It is quite big." I then glanced up at the night sky. "We'll be reaching the werewolf hotel soon." 
 Raleigh giggled. "You have a hotel just for werewolves?" She snorted, amused. I mocked hurt.
 "Why of course! They even feed and dress you!" I teased. Raleigh, for the first time in my knowing her, laughed freely and out loud.
 "Wow! Never expected Alpha's to be so proper!" She joked.
  I shook my head fondly. "We have to be in good shape to mock our neighbor," I said.
  Raleigh made a mix of a disgusted and amused face. "Is it really fun?" She asked.
 "Define fun."
 "Like, do you really joke around?"
 "After the meetings, during the ball, yes. We all do. Well, the Alphas. The Luna's...I don't know what they do. Probably gossip" I admitted. 
 Raleigh scrunched her nose up. "Do I have to be with the Luna's?" She asked.
 "You don't have to if you don't want to," I said. "You can stay with me." 
 Raleigh thought about it for a second, then shrugged.  "Nah, you don't have to babysit me. I'll go listen to their love life drama." She said. 
 My eyebrows shot up. This was the most open I'd seen Raleigh yet.
 "Are you...okay?" I asked cautiously. I could hear the frown in her voice when she replied.
 "Yes...why?" She asked.
  I sighed. "You're talking more openly to me," I explained shortly.  
 Raleigh shrugged again. "I can't hide from you forever, Lucien." She said, smiling. "I had a chat with my inner voice, and she said I should start opening up to you. Besides, I already told you that you make me feel safe. I can trust you. Why should I hide from you if I'm spending the rest of my life with you?" 
 I nearly broke the breaks with that. My eyes had widened in shock, and I almost thought I was having a heart attack. From the back, Raleigh was beginning to crack up, tumbling on the seats. At the next light, I turned again.
 "A-Are you serious?" I asked. 
 Raleigh smiled and managed a nod through her laughter. "Yes, Lucien! I am." She said strongly. "I'm still scared, and I don't really know what I'm doing? But know that if you're curious, then you can ask. I'm tired of being mysterious. Tired of hiding everything!" 
  I squeezed her hand, all the while wondering why this light was so slow. "Are you positive? I told you, I can wait if I need to." 
 Raleigh shook her head, now more firmly. "I'm positive. I want you to know everything, Lucien. I want your help, and I can only get that if you understand me." I had to turn back to continue driving, but not before I pressed a quick kiss to her hand.
 "You don't know how happy I am to hear you say that, sweetheart." I sighed. "I'll admit it hurt to watch you close yourself off, but I'm ecstatic you're opening up and trusting me." 
 Raleigh giggled. "Yeah...But I still want to talk to Lucinda. You know...girl and girl?"
  I nodded. "Of course. I understand that. Believe me, you don't know how many secret conversations my mom and Jasmine had without me!" 
 Raleigh smirked. "Girl talk is important." She said. "But speaking of Lucinda, did you notice something off about her?"
 "Do you mean at the ceremony? Then yes, I did notice something wrong." I replied. 
 Lucinda's attitude at the promotion had been on my mind ever since that fateful day, and I couldn't get it out of my head. She looked so sour, so grumpy about being the Gamma—I thought she'd be proud of her achievement. I felt even worse for Wren, who looked like she'd been crushed when Lucinda ignored her after accepting the knighting.
 "Maybe she's still upset about Greg?" Raleigh suggested. 
 I shrugged, turning into the Moon Hotel. I answered her after handing the hotel receptionist my ID, proving I was an Alpha. He bowed to me, muttering a respectful 'Alpha King'.
 "Probably. They were together for a long time, long before Tania joined Greg's pack." I faltered. "I... sometimes believe it is my fault they are miserable." I had parked by now, and once the car stopped, Raleigh leaned over my seat, her head barely touching the top of the roof.
 "Why would you say that?" She asked.
  I shrugged. "I was the one that introduced them," I said shortly.  
 Raleigh raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, but you don't dictate who can fall in love and who doesn't. It was their choice, not yours." She said firmly.
  I laughed. "You're starting to sound like me," I teased. 
 Raleigh flushed. "I would hope that's a good thing?" She shot back.  
 Damn, Raleigh was feisty. I liked it. I winked at her. "Of course. You're the Luna Queen, after all." I said, unbuckling my seat-belt.  
  Raleigh was already waiting for me outside the car. Her hair was standing slightly from the humid air, and she was tugging at the strands. I caught a glimpse of her face, which had only small remains of when she wore make-up.
 "Did Cindy do your hair?" I asked.
  Raleigh nodded, distracted. "Yeah. She said it'd probably straighten by tomorrow." She mumbled. 
 I slung our two backpacks over my shoulder and grabbed her hand.  "I think you look beautiful, curly hair or not," I said. 
 Raleigh blushed. "Thank you." She mumbled, this time, looking straight in my eyes. 
 Caspian purred. She's becoming more confident, He said. She's becoming a true Luna Queen.
 Like she already wasn't. I said. 
 Caspian purred in response. Our Luna, He snarled. 
 "Is the meeting tonight?" Raleigh asked.
 "No. It's tomorrow. Then the ball is at night." I explained. 
 Raleigh nodded and once again, there was a flash of blue in her eyes. I hadn't noticed it before, but then Raleigh suddenly smiled, and I knew it had to do with the voice inside her head.
 "Are you talking to your friend?" I asked, pulling the lobby door open. 
 Raleigh gave me a distant smile. "Yeah. She said the place is huge!" She spread her hands wide, and I couldn't resist laughing. For an almost nineteen-year-old girl, Raleigh sure was childish, which I found cute.
 The hotel had gotten a few renovations since the last meeting we'd had. Many of the Alpha's complained of poor lighting and hard beds, so I was obliged to change them since the majority voted for a fix. The paint was chipping, so I had gotten that done. Apart from those few minor changes, all the rooms still looked the same. Werewolves of all classes were milling around the lobby, waiting for their rooms, or watching the news. I was walking up to the desk when something on T.V caught my eye.
It was a cam of a dark brown wolf with dark blue eyes. He had a vicious smile and a hard glare at the camera. His fur was covered in blood that dripped down his teeth. I might've been wrong, but that wolf looked exactly like the wolf who had kidnapped Raleigh in the forest.
 "Can I help you, Alpha King?" I turned, and standing in front of me was a receptionist from Siddharth's pack. He was smiling, but it was a weary smile as if he was tired.
  I nodded. "I'd like to check-in." 
 Raleigh had wandered to the little living room and was studying the T.V intently as if she recognized the wolf on screen.
 "Of course. This way, your highness." The man replied. He went behind his desk and picked up a key-card laying on the computer. He handed it to me.
 "Here you are." He said tiredly. 
 "Thank you." I walked to the living room, tapping Raleigh's shoulder. 
 She hummed. "Yeah?"
 "Ready to go?" 
 She nodded, turning reluctantly towards me. "Yes...I am." She said. 
 I looked at the screen. "What is it?" I asked.
  Raleigh's eyes flashed, and she shook her head. "N-Nothing. It's just my imagination." She said though she sounded like she was trying to convince herself.
  I wanted to ask her more, but she yawned, and I realized that it was pretty late into the night. Pushing my questions down my throat, I quietly led her down the dimly lit hallways of the hotel to our room. A couple of Alpha's were walking around. They muttered a quiet 'Good evening' to me, all the while eyeing my mate. Her eyes were as wide as the sun as she observed the floors we climbed by.
 Once we got into our room, I'm sure her eyes grew wider, if they even could do that.
 They flickered between brown and blue, two consciousness both curious about their new surroundings. I asked if she wanted to use the bathroom first, but she waved me off in a daze, muttering something only she'll ever know. It was amusing, actually, to watch her run around the room like an excited puppy. She didn't even notice me when I had finished using the bathroom, and by then, her face was cherry red with exertion and she was drained. Her eyes flickered tiredly for a couple of moments, then finally, her voice relented, giving her eyes their wonderful, innocent brown color. The paleness in her cheeks receded, and all that was left was her flush.
 "Are you done? Already?" She asked exuberantly, breathing heavily.   
 I smiled a little. "Yes. Do you need to use the bath—!"
 "Yep!" Grabbing the clothes from her bag, Raleigh zipped into the bathroom, leaving me confused in her wake. Hadn't she just been gasping for breath? Where had that sudden burst of energy come from? 
A knock rang on my door, and I dragged myself to answer it. Daryl was waiting patiently outside, a mischievous grin on his face. He looked drunk, and he smelled of alcohol. He swayed as he walked.
 "What?" I asked plainly. 
 Daryl mocked a stab to the heart. He was always known for being dramatic. "Is that how you greet an old friend? How rude Lucien! How rude!" I rolled my eyes and stepped out of the door frame.
 "Come in," I said, all the while praying Raleigh had taken a nightgown with her. I didn't want her running out of the bathroom needing my help and having a silent pervert like Daryl ogle her.
 "What's up, homie? How's the pack? Jazz?" Daryl jumped eagerly into my private life, and as much as he got on my nerves, he was also a good friend of mine and I found ways to put up with him. 
 I shrugged. "Going good. How are you? How's Henry?" 
 "Henry's doin' okay. Came home fussin' about a couple he had in his office. Sayin' the mate's cheatin' on his lady." Daryl replied. 
 I sighed. "Honestly, isn't one female sufficient?" I asked. "How many times do I have to repeat myself? You know I don't tolerate cheaters." 
 Daryl put his hands up in surrender. "I know! I know! But the dude's another Alpha!" 
 "What?" My eyes shot up to Daryl's and I snarled. Daryl winced.
 "It's another Alpha? Who?" I asked sharply. 
 Daryl grimaced. "You remember Duke, right?"
 "You mean the—!"
 "Lucien?" 
 I groaned and Daryl grinned.
 "Why, you didn't tell me you had a woman with you tonight bud!" He chided, swaying to his feet. Raleigh came into my view, thankfully wearing a modest nightgown. She was staring in surprise at Daryl. Her eyes flickered. "Had I known, I would' a stayed in my own room!" 
  I sighed, rubbing my forehead. "Raleigh, this is Daryl, the Alpha of Columbus, Ohio. Daryl, this is Raleigh, my mate."
  Daryl had a mate, but I wasn't taking any chances with Raleigh. She glanced bemusedly between us, cocking her hip to the side. 
 "Did I interrupt anything?" She asked, a playful edge in her voice. Daryl stood from the bed and I stood with him, ready to interfere should he do anything to my mate.
 "Nothin' at all, sweetie pie." He said.
  I clenched my fists, but Raleigh stood her ground, the recognition that he was drunk washing over her. Her eyes hardened, and she gave Daryl a warning smile. A scary, warning smile.
 "Please don't call me that." She spoke sweetly, yet any wolf with a brain could tell she was on guard. 
 Daryl whistled. "Damn, you got a fighter, that's who ya got, Lucien." He said. 
 I nodded stiffly.  "She is," I said. I was unable to hide the pride in my voice at my little warrior. Raleigh smiled, but only briefly. Daryl had neared her, with the idea of stroking her hair. She took a step back.
 "Sorry. I don't let anyone touch my hair." She said, which I knew was a complete lie because she'd let almost everyone, she'd met touch her hair. Daryl looked slightly impatient.
 "So, what can I touch?" He asked. 
 Raleigh's eyes flashed as she began to tremble. A sudden sharp gust of wind knocked Daryl and I off our feet and a new, much deeper, and much more powerful voice rose from Raleigh's throat.
 "You can touch the back of my hand if you ever look at me drunk again!!" The voice ordered angrily. 
 Daryl stepped back, stunned, and even I was at a loss for words. Raleigh trembled, her body shaking and eyes glowing a sharp, furious blue. A white aura radiated around her, and faintly, a crescent moon glowed on her right arm. She began to breathe heavily, and I felt the floor shake.
 "Raleigh!" I cried. 
 Raleigh didn't acknowledge me. She didn't move. She only stood there, eyes glowing blindingly bright and jaw clenched. She was angry, and it looked like her inner voice had decided to make an appearance.
 "Listen here, and listen well." She ordered. Daryl, now looking completely petrified, nodded. "You may be my mate's friend, but I do not like drunkards! I despise them! So, if you want to avoid my full wrath, I'd suggest you sober up and get your drunken ass out of my sight! Go!" 
 Daryl, for the first time in my life, whimpered and scurried out of the room, his tail probably in between his legs. I winced at the clatter of pots and the yelps of maids that he'd crashed into. As the door slammed close, I realized I still had a mysterious being in my presence who had completely taken over my mate.
   I steadily rose to my feet, and Raleigh took a step back. Everything glowed on her; her eyes, her mouth, her body. The markings and scars. There was even some new tattoo's crawling over her legs and arms, twisting on her face and over her ears! She was Raleigh, but she also wasn't. I had to be cautious.
 "Raleigh...sweetheart it's only me, Lucien. You can come back now, love. He's gone." I murmured comfortingly.
  Raleigh's chest heaved and her eyes flickered violently. She took another step back, and I took one forward. She was scared, and her voice was blocking her emotions from me; blocking me out. She trembled.
 "S-Stay away!" She demanded. She began to twitch violently and her voice faded in and out from a deep, robotic female's voice to her own voice, sweet and tender. "D-Don't c-om-e n-ear m-e!" She continued to glitch as she backed away, her voice switching and blending together like she was trying to reign her control.
 "I'm not going to hurt you, Raleigh. Please...let me come to you..." I begged. I tried nearing her, but she growled. Like, an actual inhumane growl that I would sometimes make. She felt threatened—her space confined. She twitched dangerously and I took a calming breath and stepped away from her.
 "Thank you..." She whispered. Her voice was softer now, her glitches becoming small shudders. She was calming down.
  I stayed rooted to my spot, and soon, the light dissipated. The markings and tattoos vanished. The only thing that remained was my mate, sitting with a horrified look on her face.
  Millions of questions raced through my mind, but my instinct to comfort my mate prevailed. 
 She was trembling as I picked her up, her eyes on the verge of overflowing. She was mumbling to herself, eyes continuing to flicker dimly, just as the hotel lights had. It was when I had laid down on the bed with her wrapped tightly in my arms did, she begin to speak clearly.
 "W-What did I do, Lucien?" She groaned. "What have I done?" 
  I shushed her, stroking her arms. "You did nothing wrong, darling." I consoled. 
 "But I did!" Raleigh cried. She began to tremble again, and I winced. Her fingertips grazed my arm, sparks of her previous transformation burning me. I bit my tongue from saying anything.
 "What did you do?" I asked.
 "I scared him! I didn't mean to! Really! I just...I lost my control!" She sobbed. 
 I wanted to console her more, but I was still confused. I didn't know what to say—why she lost control. Her form still appalled me. How I didn't know she had some hidden power, I couldn't say. I knew Lucinda would've told me if she found something different, but she probably didn't see anything different either. 
 Raleigh shuddered and I stroked her waist, my hands wandering dangerously close to her bottom. I groaned inwardly. I should be consoling her, I knew, but her transformation had been a huge turn-on for me. Should she use that incredible power in bed...during heat...
 "Lucien, I didn't hurt him, did I?" 
 I sucked my teeth and shook myself from my dirty imagination that Caspian had been fueling. 
 "No, you didn't hurt him. You only... knocked some sense into him." I said, pausing before speaking. I didn't want to make her feel guilty.
 "I'm sorry. I should have controlled her better." She apologized.
  I stroked her hair. "What you did was incredible, Raleigh. You...You don't know how amazing that was." I said, still slightly in awe. My mate, who we thought was just a regular human with an odd scent, was actually a powerful...something! I couldn't have been happier!
 "It was?" She peeked up at me from where she had buried her face under the blanket. "You weren't scared?" 
 I laughed and switched the light off, swallowing the room in darkness. Raleigh relaxed. I guess she liked the dark.
 "Not really. I was more so shocked than scared. What did you do?"
 "I don't know." She answered honestly. "I just...David used to get drunk a lot, and he always tried touching the little kids romantically. I guess something just...snapped in me. He reminded me of David, trying to touch my hair and all, and I couldn't hold my anger back." She whimpered. "I'm sorry."
 "Love, it's alright. You taught Daryl a well-needed lesson on why he shouldn't be drunk." I said. 
 She giggled.  "But I still don't know what I did. And that's what frustrates me."
 "Your voice didn't tell you?"
 "No, but she did tell me her name."
 "Oh? What's her name?"
 "Lune."


Raleigh: Chapter 21

"I'm giving you five seconds."
 "No."
 "Four."
 "No."
 "Three."
 "No."
 "Two."
 "Lucien, no!"
"One." 
 The covers flew open and Lucien pounced. We tumbled off the bed and onto the floor, and while my back ached slightly from the tumbled, I ignored that in favor of clawing at the ground. Lucien held firmly at my waist, pulling me up with him.
 "Lucien!!! No!!!" I whined. I grabbed a pillow and smacked him on the head.
 "Hey!" He cried indignantly. 
 Momentarily distracted, I slipped from Lucien's grasp and while he pulled the pillow from his face, I crawled to the bedside table, standing up and running to the other side of the room.
 Why don't you want to go, Raleigh? Lune asked quietly in my head.  
 I scowled. No, Lune. I'm not going down to that meeting to make a fool of myself. I said firmly.
  Lucien leaped over the bed and almost grabbed me, but I spun around and ducked away.
 You're making a fool of yourself right now! Lune snapped.
 Well, it's in front of Lucien, and he's not saying anything. I replied back confidently. 
 Lune sighed.  You are such a stubborn girl. She said. 
  I smirked. Aren't I?
 And a feisty one, apparently. 
 I paused to catch my breath, and that proved to be my mistake. Lucien, still having the stamina, grabbed me from behind and slung me over his shoulder. 
 I squealed. "Lucien! Lucien put me down!" I cried. 
 "No. Not after that show you just put." Lucien replied calmly. 
 I sighed. "I don't want to go, Lucien! I'm terrified! They'll hate me!" I complained. 
 "They won't hate you. You're their Luna Queen."
 "So? They can still talk behind my back."
 "I'm a werewolf, Raleigh. I can hear everything they say."
 "...Still." I was losing this battle, and I knew it. Lucien knew it too. I used to think I could win a verbal argument with anyone. Clearly, Lucien was proving me wrong.
 He walked over to the still messy bed and set me down on the mattress. Me, being the stubborn person, I am, turned my face away from Lucien's, pouting. 
 Lucien chuckled. "Look at me, love." He ordered. "Sweetheart, look at me. Listen to me, they'll love you."
 "Me? A teenager? With taller, bigger, adults looking down at me and my crippled self? Yeah, they'll totally love me." I sneered. I looked up at Lucien. "I don't want to embarrass you." 
 "Sweetheart, you won't embarrass me. You never embarrass me." Lucien said.
  I chewed the inside of my mouth. "You're only saying that because you know me. They don't. And I have to sit in front of all of them for, like, five hours and do nothing and I'll probably mess up or make a noise and—!" 
 I had begun to glitch. Lune was losing her control, as was I. My eyes flickered, my vision swarming. Lucien's strong hands held mine, slowly bringing me back in control.
 "Shh..." He murmured. "Calm down, Raleigh. You are a strong woman, the strongest one that I know. You will be just fine." 
 I glitched. "B-But what if they don't? I-I'm n-not perfect, Lucien!" My eyes glowed and my tattoo's returned. Lune was beginning to speak for me, her voice blending in with mine. I could sense Lucien's worry.
 "S-Stop!" I glitched. "Lune!"
 Sorry, Raleigh. Lune mumbled.
  I sighed.  It's okay, Lune. Just...can I have control back? I don't want Lucien to worry, I explained. Lune agreed.
 I felt Lune's presence leave as if air was passing through me; as if I were a filter. I was able to breathe now, clearer, and calmer. Lucien's hands stroked my arms, calming me as Lune calmed me inside. My power was strong already, unknown by the looks on Lucien's face yesterday.
 "Better now?" He asked. 
  I swallowed. "Y-Yeah. I-I think." I sighed. "Lune let me take control. This time."
  My ominous ending didn't go past Lucien's ears, and I knew it killed him to refrain from remaining quiet, but he did with a bite of his lip.
 "Listen, Raleigh. I know you may not believe me, and I don't blame you for it. I'm not in your shoes, and I don't know how you feel." 
  I raised my eyebrow in disbelief. Lucien could sense my feelings anytime, like waves into us. 
 He chuckled. "Okay, so maybe I know how you feel most of the time. But sometimes, it's okay to take a risk. Just forget about what everyone else thinks about you. You are you. And the only person you're fighting against is yourself." 
 I didn't say anything, and after a while, Lucien stood from his knees. 
 "Where are you going?" I asked shakily, hoping he hadn't taken my silence for ignorance. 
 He smiled at me and kissed me sweetly. "Just to change. I can't exactly go to a meeting in my pajamas." 
 I laughed. "Yeah...I should change too." 
 "Get your pants off first. That way, I can help you now rather than later." Lucien ordered absent-mindedly.
 Slowly, I conceded. My loose, space pajamas slipped from my knees and I took the black leggings that I had left on the bed in my hands. I padded where Lucien stood by the backpacks, rummaging for his own clothes.
 "Here," I said shortly.
  Lucien looked up with a hum, and I swear his eyes widened at me. I licked my lips, suddenly feeling bashful. I had been in my underwear in front of him before, so why all of a sudden, I was feeling...different. Before, I had squirmed under his attentive gaze, but now, I felt no embarrassment whatsoever. I felt strong, powerful. I felt beautiful.
 I shook my thoughts away. It was probably Lune influencing me, even though she remained quiet in the back of my mind. I snapped in front of Lucien's face, and his eyes flickered up to mine, hunger clear in them. Heat was approaching, Caspian on edge.
 "Oh...Thank you." He mumbled with a clear of his throat. I gripped his shoulders tightly and lifted one leg up. The leggings slid easily onto my legs, but since when did they not?
 "Ah...Lucien?" 
 Lucien didn't say a word, and it didn't help that he was always a quiet guy. He, just like me, never spoke his mind. He always kept his thoughts to himself, and never spoke unless intimidated or spoken to. It was odd, but I had gotten used to it.
He picked me up with ease, like he always did, and set me on the bed again. His forehead pressed against mine, and I could feel some of his worry clashing in waves against my feelings. He pulled away after a few moments, eyes tired and flickering.
"I'm sorry." He muttered. "I... just needed that breather. Caspian...would've taken control, otherwise." 
 I shrugged at his explanation. "You don't need to explain anything," I said. "I understand. Lune does too. Heat is coming—you warned me already." 
 Lucien chuckled dryly. "It's not something I'd say I warned you for. Just, to be aware of what happens to wolves."
"So, what about unmated wolves?" I slipped my shirt off. "What do they do?"
  Lucien swallowed, hard. "Uh...well...they spend their time around the pack...uh...!" Lucien faltered, and it suddenly hit me how open I was changing around him. Somehow, ever since Lune came into my mind, I wasn't afraid of being overt with my body around him. 
"Cool. Do mated wolves get heat too?" I turned to put a bra on.
  Lucien took a moment before answering. 
 "No. Since they're already mated, they don't need to have heat anymore." He spoke forcefully. 
 I smiled. "Hm." I reached on the bed for my shirt, only for it to be missing. I took a deep breath.
"Lucien, give me my shirt," I said. 
 Lucien turned away with a questioning hum. "Shirt? What shirt? I don't have any shirt?" He had somehow managed to put a pair of jeans on whilst I was turned, and now, all we each had to do was put a shirt on. I snarled lowly.
 "Lucien, when you are late for your meeting, don't throw me under the bus for it. Because I'm already warning you, it's almost ten."
 "What?!" Lucien scrambled to the backpacks, dropping my blue shirt in the process.
  I grinned, grabbing it from the air and tugging it over my small frame. I reached back and pulled my black hair out from underneath the tag and picked up a comb, either Lucien's or mine. I brushed my slightly wavy locks and stretched.
 "How long is the meeting, again?" I asked.
 "A couple of hours. You don't really have to do much. Just sit and listen. If you have something to say, don’t hesitate to say it."
 "Oh. That sounds boring."
  Lucien laughed. "My mother used to say the same thing. She despised coming to these meetings."
 "Are they annual?"
 "Yeah. Every two years or so. It's a bore, really, because it's like babysitting more than 25,000 Alphas."
 "What about the Luna's?"
 "They put their two cents every now and then, but it's mostly arguments between Alpha's, so be prepared for cursing and yelling."  
 I grimaced. "That sounds wonderful," I grumbled. 
 Lucien laughed. "It's a great place for gossip, though. Lots of stories to share there." Then, he grumbled to himself, "Some stories that need a PDA limit."
~*~
 The hall where the meeting was taking place was underneath the hotel. Lucien mentioned that the hotel was neutral territory, which meant no Alpha could make claims to it and no fights could happen here. 
 The room was decorated as if a wedding was happening: Beautiful white and gold banners with hints of light blue. Flowers of blue and platters of food atop white tablecloths. Just as Lucien had said yesterday, there was a large round table with many chairs circling it. A couple of Alpha's and their Luna's were already seated, but most were milling about the room, greeting friends, and avoiding enemies.
 Two Alpha's approached us as we entered. One of them, I could recognize, was Alpha Daryl. He bowed rapidly when he saw us, eyes holding fear when he caught mine. I felt sorry for him, but I didn't feel like I should've apologized for my outburst yesterday. 
 He was better dressed than yesterday. He wore a pair of cowboy jeans and a plaid shirt. He held a glass of wine, twirling the stem between his fingers.
 Next to him stood a slightly pudgier man. He gave off a funny doctor vibe, which made sense, considering he was wearing a lab coat over his clean dress clothes. He stared at me for a while, until Lucien growled. He rolled his eyes at that and muttered something about needing a drink, leaving us and his sheepish mate. 
 The other two people I didn't recognize. They were a couple, by the looks of it; one an Alpha, another his Luna. The Alpha was buff, standing a couple of inches shorter than Lucien. He had dark hair with a blonde fade, just like Lucien and Daryl were. He was muscular, a stereotype many Alpha's followed, but it was his eyes that caught me the most; Gray-blue eyes with golden irises.
His mate looked more like a human than a werewolf, just like me. She had dark hair with a blue fade. Her eyes were a dark brown color, and she smiled warmly at me.
 "Siddharth, this is my mate, Raleigh." Lucien introduced to the taller man with an eye-patch. He glanced at Daryl. "Daryl, you've already met her..."
 "Uh...yes! I-um—I did, Alpha King." Daryl stammered. Siddharth raised his eyebrow but bowed respectfully at me.
 "Pleasure to meet you, Luna Queen." He said, smiling. I had first thought he would be buff and quiet, like Lucien and Alexander, but he seemed like a warm man now. The woman at his side bowed with him.
 "Ah, this is my mate, Krishna." Siddharth introduced, looking lovingly at his mate.
  Krishna smiled at me. "Pleasure to meet you, Luna Queen." She said. 
 Lucien and Daryl both looked astonished.
 "W-Wait...she's a girl?" Daryl stammered.
  Siddharth scowled. "Yeah? So?"
  Lucien shrugged. "Nothing." He growled, looking directly at Daryl as if challenging him. Daryl sighed, mimicking Lucien's tone, but conceded. 
 "Yeah, nothing." 
 Lucien clapped Siddharth's shoulder. "Good to see you in merry spirits again." He said. 
 "Yeah, it is good to smile again," Siddharth admitted. 
 "Raleigh, Siddharth, and Daryl are my second and third in command, respectfully. They keep watch on other packs and report to me of any type of undesirable behavior." Lucien explained. He then looked around the room. "Is everyone here?"
  Daryl and Siddharth exchanged glances, and Siddharth shoved Daryl. The latter scowled.
 "Uh...all except a few, your highness." He said slowly.
  Lucien raised an eyebrow. "Let me guess: Alpha Duke?" 
  Siddharth nodded. "Yes. Again." He sighed. 
   Lucien snarled. "What the hell is that man doing?"
 "We don't know, sir. He's always has a different excuse." Daryl said. 
 Lucien's eyes narrowed. "Keep an eye on him. If he's planning something, I want to know what it is. I don't trust Duke, not now, not ever."
  He looked like he wanted to say more, but then he noticed Krishna and I still standing there.
 "Raleigh, why don't you go and take a seat at the table in the meantime. The meeting will start soon." Lucien offered. 
 Siddharth jumped in too. "Yes, why don't you as well, Krishna. It might give you two a chance to know each other." 
 Krishna shrugged. "Sure, if you're okay with that." 
 I nodded. "Okay." 
 Lucien kissed my forehead quickly, and Siddharth did the same to Krishna.
 "I'll be there soon." He whispered, pushing me gently.
  I was suspicious, but I didn't want to listen to their drama, so I followed Krishna to the middle of the room, where the table stood. She directed me to the head of the table, and she sat next to me, where apparently Siddharth would be sitting. The man from before sat on my left, muttering to himself.
 "Don't mind Henry. He's sour about everything." Krishna said when she saw me looking.
  Henry scowled. "You would be too if you had a mate like mine." He said. 
 Krishna rolled her eyes. "Daryl doesn't flirt with women, Henry! He's gay!" 
 Henry didn't answer. In fact, I think he was ignoring her.
 "Do you guys have a history?" I asked quietly. 
 Krishna smiled. "Sort of. This is my second time coming here, and I was put with Henry so that our mates could cuss as they talked." I gaped and Krishna laughed. "Yeah! Why else do you think they sent us here?"
  I looked back at the group of men and saw that they all looked tense and somewhat angry. I winced. "Yeah...that's a good idea." I agreed.  
 "So...do you want to be friends?" Krishna asked abruptly, but quietly, as though she were shy in asking me her question.
  I did a double-take. "Really?"
 "Yeah. It’s not easy making friends, for me, at least, and you seem really nice...but it’s okay if you don’t want to" Krishna spoke quickly, averting her eyes from mine.
  I pondered for a moment, then smiled, seeing some of my own fear inside of her. 
 "Sure." I decided.
  Krishna beamed. "Awesome! So… what's your mate like?" She asked, jumping quickly into the questions. Henry groaned, but we both ignored him.
 "Uh...well...he's very sweet. And caring and gentle." I described. "What about you?"
 "Siddharth's well...he's a quiet guy. Doesn't argue much, doesn't talk much." Krishna giggled. "Unless you mean bedroom talk. Then yeah, he talks plenty."
   My face heated up. "R-Really?" I stuttered. I suddenly very much wanted this conversation to end, and quickly, as Lucien and the other Alpha's were beginning to sit down. 
 The chair by me scraped when Krishna answered again.
 "Hell yeah! I'd bet the Alpha King is the same too." I think she could sense some of my apprehension about that when Lucien sat, for she leaned in to whisper, "I was the same as you were when Siddharth and I first met. I didn't trust him with my body, nor my mind. But I gave him a chance, and it turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me. Sometimes, to learn to love your mate, you have to let them explore first, get used to each other, then you'll learn how to love them."
  I didn't say anything, and Krishna leaned back into her seat, a satisfied grin on her face. I knew Lucien had heard the whole thing—he had been sitting next to me the whole time!
 All the Alpha's had begun to take their seats now, and Lucien rose to address them all, but I hardly paid any attention to what he was saying. Krishna's words echoed in my mind over and over again. Lune agreed with her, saying that I should give Lucien a chance. 
I have been giving him chances, Lune! I shouted.
  Lune snorted. Yeah, chances to do what? Talk? Sometimes, to get comfortable with someone, you have to let them explore! Learn about you, feel you! Maybe it'll help your own self-esteem. 
 I sighed. Lune...
 It's your choice at the end of the day, Raleigh. Lune said. Your choice, your body. We can't force you to do anything, but remember this; The only person holding you back, is yourself. 
 Lune didn't talk to me after that. She had retreated to the farthest corner of my mind, the one place I couldn't reach her. Blue sparks jumped from my fingertips, my confusion morphing into anger at myself for being so dumb; for not being able to make a choice, a decision.
 Lucien's hand drifted under the table, squeezing mine. His touch calmed me, and the sparks began to fizz, my anger fading. I closed my eyes briefly, hoping they weren't turning blue. When I opened them, two Alpha's were shouting at each other over the table, standing to get ready to fight.
 "Winston! Kyle!" Lucien barked, rising. Both Alpha's turned with a glare.
 "He stole my land!"
 "You gave me permission! I have the signature right here!"
 "It's a fraud!"
 "Both of you knock it off!" Lucien roared. Both Alpha's grew quiet, and a few wolves began to chuckle. "Did either of you send in a land transfer form?" Both Alpha's looked away and Lucien grunted. "Guess not."
 "I'll fill it out, Alpha." The sandy-haired Alpha, Winston, said quietly. Kyle sat down smugly, and Lucien nodded.
 "See to it that you do." He said. "Now, the main issue we have to address, a rogue has been terrorizing packs, killing off many."
  Gasps arose from around the table, and Lucien waited until they were finished being dramatic so he could continue.
 "Who is it, Alpha King?" A Luna asked.  
 "We don't know yet, so I want you all on the lookout for a brown, feral wolf," Lucien replied curtly.
 "Additionally, be aware of a visit from the Rogue King," Siddharth added. "I have a feeling he is behind these attacks."
  The Alpha's began to murmur in agreement, promising to keep an eye out for the wolves, but one had to be the odd sheep out. 
 "Bah! Stop being idiots! The Rogue King wouldn't want anything to do with us, would he now?" An Alpha rose from his seat, glaring at Lucien and Siddharth. "You're just trying to make us scared so you can keep your positions as Alpha King and Royal Adviser! You don't give a damn about all of us, making up some shitty lie to keep us on our toes!" 
  Anger burned inside me, and before anyone could breathe a word before anyone could react, I rose from my seat, feeling my power flex at my fingertips. My eyes began to glow, my tattoo's making an appearance. Lune snarled in fury, baring her teeth and fighting with me for control. I pushed her down, though. I didn't want her to help. I wanted to teach this Alpha a lesson; Don't mess with my Alpha.
 "How dare you," I growled. 
 The Alpha whimpered, and wisps of my power swarmed around him, towards him, wrapping around him. "How dare you try to blame my mate for something utterly rubbish! He's trying to save your worthless butt, and you're here accusing him of misusing his power! Accusing him of crying wolf!" 
 A few Luna's, including his own, growled in approval at my outburst, and many of the Alpha's cowered back, terrified at witnessing my new form, my new power.  The wisps of blue wrapped around the Alpha's neck and wrists. There were gasps, but nobody made a move, not even Lucien. The room was deathly silent, and I flexed my fingers towards me. The wisps brought the Alpha eye level to me, and I, with pride, sensed a sharp fear in him.
 Lune, do you want to play now? I asked with gleeful anger.
  Lune chuckled darkly. My turn, Luna Queen. She growled.
  I closed my eyes, and soon, it wasn't my voice speaking, but Lune's commanding, harsh baritone that echoed from my mouth. 
 "Now you listen here, and you listen well." She commanded. "You are never, ever, to speak to my Alpha or the Royal Adviser in such manner ever again!" The Alpha whimpered, unable to nod his head. "Should you do so in my presence...well..." Lune controlled my body, making me grab a bouquet of flowers. Right before his eyes, she crushed the stems as if she were crushing paper. He swallowed. "Understand?"
  He couldn't nod, so she threw him back in his seat.
 "I said, do you understand?" She repeated sharply.
  The Alpha nodded, once, ten times to make his understanding clear.
 "Y-Yes, Luna Queen! Never again! I promise!" He stammered. 
 Lune smiled, but it wasn't a warm smile. It was a warning twitch, predatory.  "Good." She said.
 The wisps left the Alpha's body, and soon, I was back in control, my eyes brown, my fingers no longer sparkling with energy. With wide eyes, I looked around my surroundings, shocked. What had I done?! I had shown them my power! I... I scared them. Or so I thought until Krishna began to clap. 
 Many Luna's joined, and when I looked at Lucien, worried that he'd be upset, he instead had the biggest smile on his face. I knew he couldn't show me what he felt now, in front of them, but ever since Lune came into my life, I could feel some of his emotions, and I could definitely feel the awe he was feeling.
 The meeting resumed without any other interruptions after that, thankfully. Lune seethed in the back of my head but otherwise made no other appearances. The Alpha's, after the rogue debate was settled, began to quarrel about land until Lucien was able to come to a compromise for each Alpha, from which the meeting was then adjourned.
 I got out of my seat with a grateful sigh. I was beginning to get cramps just sitting there! Krishna and Siddharth approached me while Lucien was busy discussing the rogue issue with the other Alpha's. 
 "Raleigh! That, girl, is what I'm talking about!" Krishna squealed, hugging me much like Cindy. Siddharth watched from a distance, smiling.
 "I apologize for my mate." He told me playfully. "But she is right. That was very impressive of you to stick up for your mate. Lucien mentioned you were a quiet girl, just like Krishna." 
 I blushed and shuffled on my feet. "I... I guess I just got tired of sitting there, and that guy did get on my nerves. Lucien was only trying to help and that guy was just making excuses up to start an argument!"
 "Ah, well, Gary was always known for picking fights. He's a good fighter, not the best Alpha." Siddharth commented. 
 "Raleigh." Lucien took my hand, walking to our group. "C'mon. It's almost time for the ball."
 "Really?" Krishna yelped. 
 Siddharth glanced at his watch. "You have an hour." He said.  
 Krishna glared at him, and then she grabbed his wrist and began to yank him to the elevator.
 "You..." She grit her teeth. 
 I looked at Lucien. "Will he be alright?" I asked.
  Lucien shrugged. "Uh...no. She doesn’t like to be late for events, but we don't have to worry about that." He led me to the next elevator, and once we were alone, he kissed me, hard.
 "What you did back there, and I have no qualms about saying this, was a turn on." He mumbled between kisses. 
 I blushed. "I-It was nothing." I stuttered. The bell of the elevator rang and we got off, Lucien still holding my hand.
 "Oh, but it was." He murmured. He unlocked the door and went immediately to the bags. 
 "Are you going to shower?" I asked, biting my lip.
  Lucien hummed. "Yes, why?"
 "Can I join you?" 
 Lucien paused mid-search. He looked up at me, and I pushed my bag behind me.
 "W-What?" He asked.
 "Can I join you?" I repeated, firmer than before.
  Lucien stood and put his hands on my shoulders. "You don't have to—!"
 "I want to," I said. I held his arms. "I want to understand...to feel..."  
  Lucien smiled ruefully. "Still thinking about what Krishna said?" He asked.
  I nodded bashfully. "Yeah," I admitted. 
 Lucien picked me up. "Of course, you can come with me." He said. He kicked the bathroom door closed behind him and set me on the sink, butterflies fluttering in my stomach. His eyes began to flicker, but I saw how he pushed Caspian out. He wanted to be in control, just as I had with Lune.
My shirt was the first to go, followed by my pants. Lucien's clothes followed next, and soon, all we had left was our underwear. Lucien caught my eyes, looking for permission. I nodded, and my bra fell to the floor, my underwear joining. Lucien picked me up again, keeping my eyes fastened on his as he slipped his boxers down his legs. He stepped wordlessly into the shower, one arm holding me while he used the other to turn the shower on.
 Hot water trickled down my hair, my back, my legs. I closed my eyes, the warmth cocooning me. Lucien hoisted me higher on his hip and grabbed some soap.
 "You're...beautiful." He whispered breathlessly.
 "You're not so bad yourself," I said quietly, trailing my hand down his chest. 
 His muscles intrigued me, probably because I'd never seen someone with abs before in real life. Only in movies or magazines.
Lucien began to scrub my hair, his fingers rubbing my scalp and bringing a sigh out of me. I leaned against him, too tired to complain that he was doing everything. His hands traveled down my body with soap, scrubbing my legs and my chest. I bit my lip to keep my moans at bay.
 "Let me hear you, Raleigh," Lucien ordered huskily. 
 I took a shaky breath. "Ah...Lucien...!" 
 His hand traveled down, over to my sensitive area. He brushed his fingers over my mound gently and I gasped.
 "May I?" He asked softly.
  I shuddered. "Y-Yeah..."
  In a flash, I felt him rub his fingers against me, and I squeezed my eyes shut. The water rained continuously on us, his fingers slipping in and out. He'd begun to kiss me, my lips, my collarbone, my neck. 
 I began to shudder, pounding pleasure building up in my core and making me ache for more. I pressed against him, pleading silently for more. The feeling was new, yet foreign, unlike anything I had ever felt before. I felt myself becoming drunk on the feeling of his fingers inside me, exploring on the pretext of cleaning.
 "Lucien!" 
 Lucien's lips trailed over the most sensitive area of my neck. He nipped me gently and I gasped. The water was growing hotter, steam rising. My mind began to fog over, his hands doing wonders to me. Maybe Krishna was right.
 "Can I mark you?" He pleaded. 
 "Yes," I said firmly.
  He seemed surprised, his fingers faltering, but then he smiled. He pressed my back against the wall, making sure not to press too hard. Just like the day I met him in Jasmine's office, he pressed his knee between my legs, holding me up easily. I gripped his strong shoulders, digging my nails into the skin with every teasing swipe. I wanted more, needed more, but I knew he wanted the first time to be during heat, not now.
 Lucien kissed my neck, going lower and lower until he reached my weak spot. He didn't hesitate, not like before. He lowered his canines and bit down on my neck.
  I cried out, the shower shaking. Lucien kept a firm grip on my hips, keeping his mouth on my neck for a few more moments before he pulled away. Waves of new power spread through me and I took a deep, shaky breath, reaching up to touch the mark he'd left. 
 He chuckled. "The tattoo won't appear until tomorrow, love." He said softly. 
 I snuggled into his neck, and he quietly finished washing up. He stepped out of the shower and dried us slowly as if I were a porcelain doll.
I jumped out of his arms once we were outside, eager to change on my own. It wasn’t really about Cindy’s experiment, more so that I was learning to put my clothes on by myself that I was excited for.
  "Raleigh, you—ah!" Lucien choked on his sentence as he turned, fully dressed. 
 I played with my hands behind my back, watching him take my clothes in. So, it was a good idea to wear fishnet. It felt fun to wear, too. And his reaction was just what Cindy wanted.
 "Yeah. I'm ready." I replied, suddenly feeling confident. 
 Lucien struggled to find words, so he kissed me instead, lips pressing against my mark. 
"Keep doing this and we'll never get to the ball." I giggled. 
  Lucien snarled. "That doesn't sound so bad." He murmured. 
   I slapped his shoulder, and he laughed.
 "Okay! Okay! I'm kidding, but..." He grabbed my hand. "You look beautiful, Raleigh. Even if you are a tease sometimes."
 "Thank you. Cindy wanted to see your reaction to it. What do you think?" I asked.
  Lucien shook his head fondly. "Well, I think you should wear this more often." He ran his hands down my arm, the hair on my back standing up. "You never know. Something might just happen if you do." 
 His sultry whisper didn't go past my ears, and I blushed, but Lune's confidence wore off on me, and I replied back firmly:
 "Only if you can catch me," I said with a wink. 
 Lucien's eyes flashed and he smiled darkly.
 "Oh, Raleigh, if there's one thing you don't know about me—" He gripped my hand, pulling me back against a hidden wall "—is that I always catch my prey."


Lucien: Chapter 22
I do not like to be late.
I consider myself to be a very practical person, and being the Alpha King, I have to be on time to meetings and such—
—but that rule changes when my mate is involved.
 It's like nothing else matters when I'm with Raleigh. Like everything just stops and time freezes just from a glance of her smile. 
 She doesn't believe me when I say this, but she truly is the most beautiful woman I've ever met. Our age-gap may bother other people, but honestly, they can just go fuck themselves. I'm happy with my mate, and she's happy with me. That's all that matters.
 What I didn't know was how much of a tease Raleigh could be. Standing up for me against Alpha Gary was one thing, but asking to shower with me? God, I almost lost control of Caspian at her sweet words. And the way she asked me—so shyly with that bottom lip drawn between her teeth! 
I think the thing that made me snap was the dress Raleigh chose to wear. At first, I only noticed the simple pink part of the dress, the rhinestones, and such. I didn't pay much attention to the article of clothing until I looked down.
Strapped to her legs, something I never thought I'd see Raleigh wear in person (though I had dreamed of her wearing them) were fishnet legging, something I knew now that Cindy suggested. Raleigh may not have known what they did to me once I saw them, but I definitely showed her once we'd exited our room to the hallway.
 We barely made it to the ball on time, stumbling along the way to fix our clothes. I felt a lot like Conner and Drew now, back when I used to tease them about make-outs in the closets. I used to joke about that, but now, I know why they chose a closet of all places.
 Raleigh, once we reached the ball, drifted over to talk to Krishna, Siddharth's wife, and Henry, Daryl's husband. I didn't mind her talking to Krishna, she was a good Luna, but Henry...Henry was a different story altogether.
 Having nothing better to do, I wandered over to the drinks table, pouring myself some dark wine to drink. I was still slightly on edge, especially after just marking my mate. I was surprised when she'd given me the okay to do so, but now, I almost felt full, like a large meal for supper. Mating would complete that feeling of fullness, but I wanted to wait until heat to mate with her.
 I noticed Daryl edging along the sides of the ball-room, eyeing the women carefully. I twirled the stem of my wine glass, eyeing him as he neared me.
 "Good evening, Alpha King." He greeted cautiously. 
 I raised my eyebrow while shaking his hand. "Evening, Daryl. Are you okay?" I asked.
  Daryl nodded stiffly. "Ah, yes? Why do you ask?" He questioned, trying to pass off his anxiety as nothing important. Living with Raleigh, however, taught me a few things about anxiety. 
 I clapped Daryl on the shoulder. "I hope you know that it's futile trying to lie to me," I said. I handed him a glass of wine and watched his garble the whole glass, making no move to hide his burp.
 "That easy to see, huh?" He asked, wiping his mouth on his sleeve.
  I shrugged. "Living with Raleigh taught me a thing or two," I explained. "Now, what happened?"
  Daryl gulped. "I-I'm terrified!" He finally admitted. He looked drunk, his eyes dull and his words slurred, so I didn't exactly react with worry. 
 "Terrified of what?" I asked. 
 Daryl shivered. "Of them...!" He pointed a shaky hand towards Raleigh, Henry, and Krishna, all who were laughing and talking amicably. 
 I frowned. "You're afraid of...girls?" I asked, trying to suppress my laughter. 
  Daryl scowled. "No! Him...!" 
 I looked again and saw his finger pointing to none other than Henry.  
 I chuckled. "You're afraid of your own mate?" I asked bemusedly.  
 Daryl nodded seriously. "Yes! He's a monster! A beast! A maniac!" He exclaimed, gurgling drunkenly. 
 I handed him a napkin. "Why do you say that?"
  Daryl suddenly began to sob.
Yeah, he's definitely drunk, I mind-linked to Caspian.
  He groaned. Deal with it, He grumbled.
  I sighed.
"He took away my phone!" Daryl cried. He reached for another wine glass, and I diverted his hand to a cup of water.
 "Why is that so upsetting?" I asked, trying hard not to laugh. "Why did he take your phone away?" 
 Daryl sniffled. "I-I don't know! I don't know!" He wailed. "I was only playing a game! And—And he snatched it! Meanie!"
  I couldn't help myself. I began to laugh, slapping my knee. The wine in my glass swished from side to side and I opened my teary eyes, noticing Siddharth's hulking frame approaching us.
 "What's so funny, Alpha King?" He asked, clinking his glass with mine. I wiped my eyes, still choking on chuckles.
"Did you hear what happened to Daryl?" I chortled.
  Siddharth raised an eyebrow.  "No...? What happened to Daryl?"
  I bit my lip, my chest heaving with suppressed laughter. "He got his phone taken away by his mate!"
  Siddharth's eyes crinkled and he snickered. "Oh? Why? Were you not doing your homework, Daryl?" He asked, humor gleaming in his eyes. 
 Daryl scowled. "You find my suffering funny?" He snarled. "Just wait till your mates put you in your place! Then you'll understand my pain!"
 "I don't think Krishna would get even three feet near my phone before I'd be on her," Siddharth said. "What about you, Lucien? Would Raleigh be able to snatch your phone?" 
 I took a sip from my glass. "Probably. Would she, probably not."  
 Siddharth's eyebrows rose. "You seem very sure of that." He said.
  I shrugged. "Raleigh's still...understanding what it means to be a free bird," I said. "I don't think she'd take anything without asking me, because that's what she does now."
  Daryl gurgled again. "Just wait...You'll see..." He groaned. 
 I shook my head. "How many drinks did he have?" I asked.  
 Siddharth shrugged. "I don't know. I just got here." He glanced back to where our mates were. "They seem to be getting along."
  I smiled. "Yeah. I'm glad she's making more friends. Raleigh's pretty introverted." 
 "I understand that," Siddharth said. "Krishna was—is introverted, and was a wreck when we first met. It took a while for me to get her to open up."
 "How did you two meet?" Daryl questioned. At least he wasn't hiccupping—he was still sober enough to talk properly. 
 Siddharth sighed, leaning back on his heels as if he were about to tell an age-old tale.
 "We met on an uneventful day, for me, at least. She was crying in a park because her abusive boyfriend dumped her, and I wouldn't have known about it had Shirley and Akhil not mind-linked me about her. She was on my territory, so I went to check it out, and—" Siddharth took a long sip of his wine. "—the rest is history." 
 Daryl scarfed down another glass of wine. "Wow! That was...romantic." He turned his hazy eyes to me. "Your turn, Alpha King. Spill." 
  I laughed. "I met Raleigh when I had to do an inspection on Jasmine's school. She left her notebook in Jasmine's office and we met when she came to get it." I explained. 
 Siddharth's eyebrows rose, impressed. "Wow. That was nice. Short but sweet." He said. He grabbed a sweet from a tray and popped it into his mouth. The music blared in our ears and the disco lights swirled around the dance floor, but most Alphas were either on the dance floor dancing or milling around in small groups, talking.
"How did you meet Henry, Daryl?" I asked. 
 Daryl hiccupped. "We met because he was a club hook-up." He explained shortly.
 "That's it?" Siddharth asked.
  Daryl nodded. "That's it." He affirmed. He eyed my wine glass. "Are you going to drink that?"
  I raised my eyebrow. "Uh...yes?"
  Daryl snapped his fingers. "Damn." 
  I licked my dry lips. "How are your packs? They doing okay?"  
 Siddharth nodded. "My pack is okay. We had a few killed by rogues, but we're mending again." He said.
  Daryl snorted. "My mate wazz almost killed." He slurred. "Managed to savvve him in tiiime."
  I sighed, rubbing my temple. "How long does it take Daryl to sober up, again?" I hissed. 
 Siddharth chuckled. "A long time. For him and Henry both." He chuckled, taking a swig of his wine. He sighed.
 "Who do you think is causing all these attacks?" He asked. 
 "I don't know," I admitted. "I have my sights set on the Rogue King, because thanks to the help of a boy, I was informed that he was the one who insinuated the attack against my pack."
  Siddharth sucked a breath. "The Rogue King, huh? I was thinking it was someone else."
 "Who?"
 "Darius."
 "Darius?!" Daryl spit his drink out, luckily not on either of us. "As in, the bat-shit, crazy, rogue Darius? The one who Greg took over for?" 
 I nodded. "Yes. Why are you so surprised?"
  Daryl shrugged. "Just never expected it to be him, y'know. He's been quiet for more than two decades now. It'd be a surprise if he decided to show his face again."
 "It is a bit of a shocker," Siddharth admitted. "I wasn't even sure myself, but think about it. He'd be thirsting for revenge too, wouldn't he? Ever since he was removed from his status as Alpha?"
 "But how would he know when we were all absent?" Daryl asked.
  I frowned. "What do you mean?" 
 He scoffed. "What I mean is—the rogues have attacked every time the Alpha or head leader is gone from the pack. How would he know when we were all absent?"
 A dreading feeling set in my stomach. "An informant," I whispered.
 "What?" Siddharth asked.
 "An informant," I repeated. "Someone has been betraying us. But who?"
 "Betraying who?" A quiet, all to known voice asked.
 I looked down, smiling, at the confused face of my mate. I squeezed her hand.
 "Nothing, darling. Is everything okay?" I stooped down to her level. "What's wrong?" 
  She shrugged. "Nothing. I..." Raleigh's eyes slid from mine to the food table. "I was just hungry."
  I chuckled. "That's good. You need to eat."
  I ruffled her hair and opened my mouth to apologize to Siddharth and Daryl, but Siddharth beat me to it.
 "Go. You'll be done in a second." He said, waving me off. 
 "Are you sure?" I asked.  
 Siddharth scoffed. "Are you saying that you don't trust me with a drunk Daryl?" He asked, mocking a stab to the heart.
  I took Raleigh's hand again, turning my back away from both of them. "No. No, I most certainly don't." 
 Siddharth gasped, and I quickly left him with Daryl, helping Raleigh decide what to eat. She was a picky eater, choosing only the clean vegetables and the meat that had no sauce in it. When I asked her why, she bit her lip, frowning.
 "Uh...It's David." She mumbled, and already I felt my temper rising at the mention of his name. "He used to say he'd mess up my food if I rejected him again. He never did, but I just like to be cautious, just in case..."
 "You don't have to worry an ounce about David, sweetheart. I promise he won't touch an inch of skin on you." I assured. 
 Raleigh looked away. "How can you be so sure? Why do you make promises that have more of a chance of being broken?" She whispered. 
 I hummed, pressing a kiss to the two bite marks on her neck. "I make sure I don't break my promises. It's against Alpha code." I gave her a gentle push towards Krishna, who had been eyeing her while we were talking. "Go have fun with your friends. If you need anything, just ask me. And don't worry. Relax."
  She gave me an uneasy smile. "I'll try." She decided.
  I smiled, giving her a brief kiss. 
 She left to go to an eager Krishna, and I went back to Siddharth and Daryl, in which the former was trying to convince the latter that the Earth was indeed a sphere.
 "It is not!" Daryl cried drunkenly. "It is flat! How do you think we walk?!" 
 Siddharth sighed. "For the last time, Daryl! It's gravity pulling us down!" He exclaimed.
  Daryl looked up at the ceiling, then back down at his shoes. "I don't see gravity anywhere." He said. "Oh, gravity! Where are you, gravity?!" 
 Siddharth slapped his forehead and I looked away. 
 "He's making quite the fool of himself, Alpha," Siddharth grumbled. 
 I chuckled. "Just wait till Henry gets his hands on him," I said.  
 Siddharth whistled.  "That, I'd love to see."
 I hummed. "Agreed."
 "Hey! I'm still heeeere, you know!" Daryl called, dragging out his words. 
 I glanced at him. "We know."
 "We also know that you drank too much alcohol tonight," Siddharth added.
  Daryl looked like he was going to cry, "What?! Nooooo! I waaant moore!" He whined.
  I rolled my eyes. "This is how it's going to be for the rest of the night." I clapped Siddharth on the shoulder. "Get used to it."
  Siddharth groaned. "Great. I wanted to share a dance with my mate."
 "You can still do that, you know. Henry can babysit his mate." I looked at the pudgy doctor, who was scowling at the girls he was sitting next to. "But be ready for his speech of complaints with an impeccable choice of words."
"Oh, that's wonderful." Siddharth groaned. "Do you know who Henry reminds me of?"
 "Who?"
 "My mother."
 "Why?"
 "They both nag me." I gave Siddharth a look. "Really! Whenever I don't meet her expectations, she nags me about it for a full fucking day! It's like she's got a disc on repeat!" 
 "...That's true." I admitted. "But mates are different, you have to at least admit that."
 "Yeah." Siddharth agreed. His eyes softened as he glanced at Krishna. "She's the light of my life. I don't know what I'd do without her." 
 I chuckled bitterly. "I can't live without my mate, literally." 
  Siddharth frowned. "Define 'literally'."
 "Well, if she's taken away from me, or..." I swallowed. "Or killed, my wolf will go insane. He'll rip anything and anyone in his sights to shreds." I paused to take a swig of my wine. "In other words, all of shit will be let loose if I lose Raleigh."
 "So, she's your weakness?"
 "Yes." I hissed. "She is, and even she doesn't know it!" 
 Siddharth shrugged. "Why not tell her? Then she can learn to keep herself safe and you can stay out of trouble." 
 I sighed in fatigue. "It's not that easy, Sid." I said. I leaned closer to him, whispering, "If we have an informant, and more people know of my weakness, then we're done for. We have to keep this under wraps. Not even Raleigh can know she's my weakness, because her scent will grow!"
  Siddharth nodded. "Okay. I'll keep mum about it, but Krishna's going to murder me if she finds out I kept it a secret from her." 
 There was a crash behind us, and we winced, turning around with a start. Daryl was swiping at the wine glasses I'd pushed farther back onto the table, muttering and swooning to himself. Siddharth leaned away from the shards of glass.
 "Yeah...I'm going to get Henry, I'll be back." He excused himself, and I carefully collected the sharp shards of glass, tossing them into the waste-bin at the center of the ballroom. 
 I glanced at Raleigh, a smile covering my face when I saw her laughing and joking with Krishna. She caught my eye and winked at me, giggling at my reaction.
 "I'm back!" Siddharth announced.
  I looked up, and wrapped around his shoulders was a very grumpy, very irritated Henry. He glared at Daryl, grabbing him by the collar. 
 Siddharth winced. "Here we go again..."
 "How many times have I told you to stop drinking?!" Henry scolded. Daryl muttered aimlessly, too drunk to concentrate. "But do you listen to me? No! Mr. Alpha here has to do anything and everything he wants to do!" 
 Henry continued to grumble to himself, careful not to make a scene in public. He tugged on Daryl's collar, dragging him out of the ballroom.
  Siddharth and I watched them go, breathing a sigh of relief once the ball doors slammed shut.
"Thank the Moon Goddess he didn't create another movie clip here." Siddharth groaned. "Remember last year?"
 "Don't even remind me of last year!" I groaned. "That was a disaster!"
 "A funny disaster, though."
  I smiled. "Yeah, it was pretty funny." 
 Siddharth took a sip of his wine, sighing as the rich taste melted on his tongue. "So, do you have any idea as to who the informant is?"
  I shrugged. "No, not really. Nobody's showing any signs of betrayal."
 "Has anyone left your pack recently?"
 "No-ah..." I paused.
  Just a few days ago, when Everest had shown up, I remember getting a link that Benedict had left the pack. That made my stomach churn, and I tried to shake the thought away, but now that it was already there, it haunted me, echoing in my brain. 
 "What?" Siddharth asked, concerned. "What is it?"
  I swallowed. "A couple of days ago, after we found the missing brother of my mate, Benedict left the pack for a few hours." 
 Siddharth frowned. "Benedict? Jasmine's mate?" He asked.
  I nodded. "Yes."
 "Why would Benedict betray you? What motive would he have?"
 "I don't know." I shut my eyes, feeling Caspian stir. "But I do know that I'll be keeping an eye on him." 
 "It could also just be a misunderstanding." Siddharth tried to assure. "But you're right. Keep an eye on him. Are you going to warn Jasmine?"
 "No. It's best she does not know, or Benedict might find out through the mate mind-link. Jasmine never closes her mate-link off." 
 "Oh." 
 Soft music suddenly began to play in the ball-room, and many mates began to make their way to the dance floor. I smiled.
 "I'm going to dance with Raleigh," I told Siddharth.
  He nodded. "I'm going to find Krishna too. Maybe convince her to share a dance with me again." Siddharth and I clapped our hands together. "If I don't see you after tonight, good luck with everything man."
  I nodded. "Yeah, thanks. You too." 
 Siddharth licked his mouth and ran into the crowd, searching for his mate. I felt someone tug my wrist, and when I looked down, I was thankful that I saw Raleigh and not Tania, not like last year.
 "What are they doing?" She asked. 
 "They're dancing," I said. I took her hand. "Would you like to dance?" 
 She blushed. "I... I don't know-how. And what if I make a fool of myself? Or—!" 
 I cut off her babbling with a fierce kiss. "Don't worry about how everyone else looks, Raleigh," I said sternly. "Just think about the song, or the dance, or the way you're feeling. Don't think about how you look, because none of that matters."
  She bit her lip, debating it internally. "Okay." She decided.
  I smiled, taking her hand and leading her to the center of the dance floor, usually reserved for the Alpha King, the Royal Adviser, and the Royal Informant. 
 Siddharth was already there, swaying and whispering sweet nothings with Krishna. He winked at me when he saw me, nodding in approval. 
  I took Raleigh's small hands, placing them both in the crooks of my arms, as my shoulders might have been too high for her. I settled my hands on her hips, bringing her body closer to mine. She flushed red.
 "Is this a slow dance?" She asked. 
 I looked up as the lights dimmed and the music became even more sultry. I smiled.
 "Why yes, yes, it is." I kissed the corner of her mouth, and she stiffened. 
 "Remember." I murmured, kissing her again. "Forget about everything. Pretend it's just us, just you and I. Alone. Nobody else is here, just us." I kissed her on her lips, and her eyes fluttered close, her body swaying with mine. I broke away from her mouth, moving down to her mark. She gasped, and I smiled.
 "Remember, just you and I," I whispered in her ear. She shivered, and I sucked on her lobe, kissing her pulse and down. My hands stroked her hips, and I felt her press closer against me, needing the friction I denied her. I felt Caspian purr in my head.
 "How long does this go for?" Raleigh whispered. She moved her neck to the side, giving me much clearer access. 
 I smirked. "It's a repeat of love songs," I explained. "It can go on for the whole night..."
  I kissed her pulse point, biting briefly. My lips found hers again, and she moaned against me, gripping my arms. My stomach clenched, and Caspian yipped in my head, eager to please his mate.
 Many wolves around us were already getting sucked into the trance of sex and romance. Half of the wolves who were previously dancing were now on the ground, ripping their mate's clothing to shreds. 
 Suddenly, Raleigh broke away from me, smiling. She gripped my arms tighter, swaying to the beat of the music. I frowned, tilting my head to try and decipher what song this was.
 "Do you like this song?" I asked, the Hindi lyrics translating easily in my head. 
 Raleigh smiled. "Yes. The lyrics are beautiful." She murmured. She stood on her toes, something I didn't know she could do, and kissed me, slow and sweet. 
 A growl rose from my throat, and I pushed her back onto the soles of her feet, taking control of our kiss. Knowing Raleigh didn't like a public display of affection, I made sure to only kiss her and not go any farther. 
When we broke away to breathe, I leaned down by Raleigh, whispering to her the lyrics to the song that I thought went perfectly with our relationship. Words that I always wanted her to remember, to never forget.
"Main hoon hero tera, Raleigh."


Raleigh: Chapter 23

 Having blood all over the sheets was a great way to start my birthday.
 It had been a week after the Alpha meeting, and Lucien and I had traveled back to the pack. I was still upset about letting Lune take control of my body and my power, no matter how many times Lucien assured me that there was nothing wrong with my outburst.
 Cindy was happy to see me, judging by the nearly choking hug she squeezed out of me when Lucien and I made it to the Alpha House. Conner's welcome was a multitude of apologies for Cindy's ecstatic behavior, saying that she had missed me very much. 
 Everest was equally as happy to see me. He'd changed for the few days that I was gone. He looked happier and brighter. He wore a tank-top and had a couple of clips attached to his head. He had vibrant eyes and loose jeans swished on his legs. I teased him mercilessly for that; Ranveer making no move to help his embarrassed mate.
 Lucinda wasn't home when I went to check on her, but Wren was. 
 I liked Wren already. She was an eager young girl, maybe only a couple of years older than I was. I didn't stay for long, as night had begun to rapidly fall above the pack, so I asked Wren to wish Lucinda a good night from me.
What I did not expect was to wake up to a red circle around my bottom the morning Lucien's mom was paying us a visit, and the day of my birthday. Initially, I was freaked out, but once I was able to check the date on the calendar, I knew why.
 "Crap," I whispered, glancing back at Lucien. He was still sleeping soundly, hugging a pillow that he thought was me. "It's already this week? Damn, months pass by fast." 
 Lucien stirred, and I scrambled to the bathroom, my pants heavy with gushing red liquid.
 I locked the door once inside, scanning the room.
 "What's the chance that Lucien has pads lying around here?" I muttered to myself. I searched the sink cabinets, and surprisingly enough, there was a box of pads laying in the corner. It wasn't the type I used, but it would still be useful.
 I crept out of the bathroom, grabbing a change of clothes to change into while trying to make sure Lucien stays asleep. Contrary to popular belief, he was a very light sleeper, always on alert in case anything happened in the middle of the night. How he didn't notice me waking up, I had no idea.
 I brushed my teeth as fast as I could, wiping my mouth rapidly. I barely noticed when I had changed, my blood-soaked pajama pants washed with cold water and thrown onto a rack to dry. I changed into a blouse and a green skirt that dropped to my knees. Since it was getting warmer, I only wore a pair of short shorts underneath my skirt, my pad fitting comfortably in my private area.
 As I brushed my hair, I couldn't help but feel excited. Not only was Lucien's mom visiting us, but it was my birthday today! I was officially an adult! An eighteen-year-old girl! I was no longer a minor, no longer a baby! I was a grown-up!
 Excitement sparked in me and I jumped off the step-stool I had to use to wash my face and reach the sink. I prodded the weight scale-out with my toe and stepped carefully on the grey top. I held my breath, watching the numbers spin by.
 75 lbs. (34.01 kg)
 I let go of my breath, sighing a bit. Well, at least I gained a few pounds. It was better than when Lucinda first checked up on me.
 I heard some movement from the bed behind the door, so I quickly finished up in the bathroom, brushing my hair one last time. I glanced at the shower, hot memories of my short time with Lucien at the Alpha meeting flooding my memory. I felt myself grow warm, and I tried very hard to push my thoughts away. I knew Lucien could smell when I was turned on, and no doubt he could very well relieve that warmth inside for me.
 I was reaching for the silver handle on the door when a mark on my neck and my cheek caught my eye. 
 I frowned, looking closer in the mirror to get a better look at the marks. They weren't hickeys, I knew that much. Usually, my hickeys were that of dark purple color, evidence of how hard Lucien had to hold Caspian back.
 The first mark was one just like Lucien had, on my cheek. It was a neon blue crescent with two white stars, his symbol. His mate mark. I smiled. He marked me. I was his. Somehow, I knew it didn't mean as a prize, not like a trophy he'd won. No, this mark meant that we were together, we were equal. 
The second mark was bigger, resembling a tattoo more than a mark. It reminded me of the swirling, curvy tattoo's that Lucien had etched on his arms and chest. 
 It was in the shape of a woman, a beautiful, long-haired woman who had her eyes closed and a look of serenity on her face. She cradled a baby in her arms and looked up at the moon, a wolf standing by her. 
 I couldn't tell what any of the colors were, as the tattoo was all black, but I could see a full moon, a woman, a cliff, and a wolf. I didn't know what the mark meant, but I did know that I had to find a way to change the sheets before Lucien woke. Stomach cramps hit me like a ton of bricks and I found myself wishing that I could bundle myself up in the covers again and cuddle against Lucien. I groaned.
 "I need some medicine," I grumbled, pressing a cold hand against my stomach. Usually, it eased the aches away, which I guess was the opposite of what was expected, since heating packs were usually used during periods.
 I tip-toed back into the bedroom, satisfied to note that Lucien had his back facing me. I glared at the circle of damp red in front of me, contemplating exactly how to clean this up without waking Lucien up. It seemed, soon, that I didn't even have to try anything.
  Lucien tensed, his shoulders stiffening. Slowly, he turned, wiping his eyes.
 "R-Raleigh?" He murmured. "What are you doing up?" 
 I looked around, stuffing a pillow atop the bloodstain. "Uhm...nothing much! Just—uh—getting ready for your mom's visit." I explained, which wasn't the complete lie. I was getting ready, but I also had a mess to clean up.
 "Uh-huh.” Lucien grumbled. He sat up on the bed and sniffed the air. "Do you smell blood?" 
 I bit my lip. "If I tell you...will you freak out?" I asked, slightly worried.
  Lucien's golden eyes fastened onto me. "No. What happened?" Now he looked worried, and I leaned over, wincing slightly at the cramps that pressed against my stomach, and ran a hand over his hair.
 "It's nothing...too bad. It's a... girl’s thing..." 
 Lucien looked confused.  "Okay...? What is it?" He repeated. 
 I sighed, seeing that there was no easy way around it. "I got my period," I said shortly.
  Lucien stared at me for a few moments, as if I had just told him werewolves didn't exist, and then a look of understanding passed through his features. 
 "Ah...Do you need help?" He asked, fumbling. 
 I loosened my grip on the pillow. "Could you, uh, help me change the bed-sheets. I'm sorry, I didn't know I had it until this morning." I apologized. 
 I heard Lucien chuckle, and then, his lips pressed gently on mine. My grip on the pillow was gone completely, my hands gripping Lucien's soft bedhead.
 "Of course, I'll help you. It's nothing to be embarrassed about." Lucien pulled the blankets off his body and stretched, his bare chest gleaming in the sunlight. "Believe me, Jasmine and my mom prepared me well in advance for this day."
 I smiled.
 "Did you put...uh...pads in the bathroom cabinet?" I asked, removing the pillow. I grimaced when I realized that the blood-stained on the pillowcase as well.
 "No? That was probably Cindy." Lucien said. He grabbed some clothes and disappeared in the bathroom while I began to pull the bed-sheets out. When he returned, he kissed me again, this time gentler and sweeter.
 "Happy birthday, Raleigh," He murmured, breaking our kiss.
  I grinned. "You remembered!" I exclaimed.
  Lucien laughed. "Of course! I'd be a horrible mate if I forgot my own mate's birthday!" He yanked one side of the bed-sheets out and I frowned.
 "But I don't know your birthday..." 
  He shrugged. "Honestly, it's been centuries since I've celebrated a birthday, and I don't even remember the date!"
  He tossed the bunched-up sheets into a large laundry basket across the room by his desk. It landed with a quiet thud, and I pressed my hand against my stomach again, wincing.
 "What's wrong?" Lucien asked, looking up. I shook my head.
 "Nothing...Just...cramps." I grimaced.
  Lucien walked around the bed and lifted me into his arms. I squeaked, and he placed me on a chair by the bed.
 "The sit. I don't want you working your body too much." He instructed. 
 I smiled. "You know, when a person is on their period, they're supposed to do exercise? It helps the cramps." I teased. 
 Lucien shook his head. "Not when it comes to werewolves." He muttered. He stood to change the bed when his golden eyes stopped short. He bent down again, trailing the crescent on my cheek.
 "Mate mark." He murmured. 
 I blushed. "It's beautiful," I said. Lucien smiled.
 "I'm glad you like it." He squeezed my hand, his eyes sliding to my tattoo. "What's this?"
 "I don't know," I replied. "I found it this morning. Is it supposed to be there?" 
 Lucien hummed, tracing over the drawing on my shoulder. "I... don’t know. Usually, when a male mark a female, they only get a small mark, like the mark on your cheek. I've never seen a tattoo before."
 It means something important, Lune whispered in my mind. 
 Lune? Where have you been? What does it mean? I asked rapidly.
 I don't know. Lune replied softly. And even if I did, I wouldn't be able to tell you.
 Why?
It goes against our codes. Whenever our human gets a separate tattoo, it usually means that the Moon Goddess is trying to tell the human something.
 Oh...So I have to figure it out on my own?
 Yes...I'm very sorry, Raleigh. Lune sounded like she was going to cry.
Don't be sorry, Lune. It's okay! I understand. I assured, feeling my heart squeeze for her. 
 She didn't answer, and soon, a chorus of whispers swallowed my mind and when I got my vision returned to me, Lucien was walking around the bed, pulling the sheets around.
 "What did Lune say?" He asked, smiling. He walked over to me again, and I fidgeted on my seat.
 "She said that she didn't know and that it was a sign from the Moon Goddess that I'd have to figure out on my own," I explained. 
"Well, the tattoo does say a lot, but what does it say about you?" Lucien thought. 
 I snapped my fingers. "The woman is holding a baby. Maybe that woman is my mother?" I suggested, surprised that I had made a guess so quickly.
  Lucien nodded with a shrug. "Possibly." He agreed. "We have to look more in detail into this. Maybe check out the library later—!" 
 The doorbell rang downstairs, and he paused, smiling.
 "That must be my mother." He said. He offered me his hand, which I took with a blush. He smiled at me. 
 "Don't be worried, Raleigh. I promise, my mom will love you." He assured. 
 I swallowed. "Let's hope so." 
 We both walked down the stairs, reaching the double doors as my nervousness increased. I felt blood trickle down my body and onto my pad, and I grimaced. The pad sides rubbed against my slit uncomfortably and I wished I could reach into my pants to change it, but unfortunately, I'd have to wait until I could get to a bathroom to do that.
 Lucien opened the doors, and almost immediately, I found myself being wrapped up in an extremely tight hug. 
 "Ooh! It's so good to finally meet you, darling!" Lucien's mom squealed. She, for a disabled woman, was actually pretty strong. I wasn’t even half as strong as she was, although I suppose being a werewolf helped.
 When she let go of me, I was able to get a better look at her face.
 She looked around forty, with black hair that had a few grey strands. Her eyes were a vibrant gold color, just like Lucien's, and she had dark brown skin. She walked with a bent back, just like I did, and her arms were bent at a 90-degree angle, just like mine!
  I smiled. "It's nice to meet you too, ma'am." I greeted. 
 Lucien's mother waved my formality aside, squeezing my cheeks.  "You don't have to call me ma'am! That makes me sound old! Olivia is fine." She said.
  I nodded. "Nice to meet you...Olivia. I'm Raleigh." I introduced myself. Lucien closed the doors, leading us to the kitchen. 
 "Oh, I know darling. Lucien could not stop gushing over you when he met you." She squeezed her son's cheeks, and Lucien fought to pull away from his mother's grasp. 
 I giggled. 
 "Ma!" He complained. 
 Olivia smirked. "You were all he wrote about in his letters." She whispered. Lucien glared at her, and she laughed breezily, hugging him. 
 Lucien softened, smiling. "Good to see you too, Mom." He said. 
 She huffed. "Of course, it is." She agreed. She walked just like I did, bent and wobbly, yet she didn't seem to mind. In fact, it didn't look like she cared much about how she looked. She sat promptly at the table, eyeing the frying pan Lucien had on the stove.
 "I taught you well." She approved. "Always cook for your mate. Pamper their little toes off." 
 Lucien rolled his eyes. "Yeah...you did." He agreed. 
 "What are you making?" Olivia asked while I played with my napkin.
 "Pancakes, Raleigh's favorite since it's her birthday," Lucien answered.
  Olivia gasped. "Birthday?! Why didn't you tell me, hon? I would've gotten you something!" She exclaimed.
  I shook my head. "Meeting you is enough of a birthday present," I said.
  Olivia frowned. "Lucien..." She drawled, glaring at her son.  
 Lucien stiffened, then quickly patted his jean pockets. "Ah, my wallet is still here." He sighed. 
 Olivia growled. "Not for long it is." She snarled. "This is what you do on your mate's birthday? Nothing?"
 "Ma, it's morning."
 "So? I was pampered from morning to night on my birthday!" Olivia huffed. "Men." 
 I smiled. "It's okay! Really! I'm fine." I assured. 
 Olivia opened her mouth to say something, but suddenly, her eyes glazed. I didn't pay attention to it, until I heard her squeal, loudly.
 "Really?" She turned her vibrant golden eyes to Lucien, who had the perfect mask of indifference. "You are such a good mate, Lucien."
 "Ma!" Lucien whined, gesturing to me. 
 I giggled, and Olivia quickly covered her mouth.
 "Oh! I'm sorry!" She hiccupped. She leaned toward me. "You heard nothing."
  I smiled. "Sure." I agreed. Lucien placed a plate in front of me and Olivia.
 "I left the syrup...somewhere else. I'll be right back." He said. He kissed me on the lips quickly, then pecked his mother on her cheek, scampering out of the room. Once he was gone, I studied Olivia and her outgoing personality.
 "Olivia?" I asked quietly.
 "Hm? Yes, darling?" Olivia replied.
 "How...How are you so open about yourself?" I asked. 
 Olivia's eyebrows pinched, and then her mouth opened with recognition as to what I was talking about.
 "Oh...you mean about my disability?" She asked.
  I nodded, and she squeezed my hand.
 "Oh, honey. It wasn't easy at first, I'll tell you that." She cut a piece of pancake, stuffing the fluffy pastry into her mouth. "It took me a while to accept myself, but I had help, and I had myself, most of all."  
 I looked at her, frowning. "What do you mean?"
 "The way to accept yourself, only you'll know. Everyone can tell you anything they want to tell you, but at the end of the day, it's up to you to decide who you want to believe. Who you want to trust, and what you want to understand about yourself? Acceptance isn't easy, I know, but you'll get there. Everyone does."
  Lucien walked into the room again, and Olivia squeezed my hand one last time, smiling and nodding at me. I smiled weakly.
 "Did I miss anything?" Lucien asked, looking giddy. 
 I shook my head. "No. Nothing really." I said. I grabbed the syrup bottle, squeezing some on my pancakes. My arms shook as I implied force onto my hands, pushing the sticky syrup from the bottle. I looked up, noting Lucien's eyes as they followed me, waiting to see if I needed help. 
 "I caught Lucinda on my way back," Lucien said, cutting his pancake. 
 "Who's Lucinda?" Olivia asked.
 "She's the pack doctor. Came a while after you left." Lucien supplied. 
 Olivia frowned. "Huh...that sounds familiar...like Dhoom—!" She paused, shaking her head.
 "Are you okay, Olivia?" I asked. 
 She smiled at me, but I could recognize a forced smile anywhere.
 "Yes honey, I'm fine." She said. 
 I looked at Lucien, noticing he'd stiffened too at the mention of that man, Dhoom. I decided not to bring it up.
 "What did Lucinda say?" I asked instead.
 "She said that if you wanted to, she'd perform a scoliosis surgery on you," Lucien explained. "To help straighten your back." 
 My eyes lit up and Lune yipped in my head. "What? Really...Wait, that’s a thing?"  
 Lucien chuckled. "Yes. She wanted me to ask you if you'd be okay with doing it." I quickly nodded my head.
 "Of course, if it means helping fix my back!" I exclaimed.
 "You sure? You don't want to think about it first?" Lucien warned.
  I shook my head.  "No, I want to do it. I want to see what you see; feel how you feel."
  Lucien smiled, and Olivia nodded.
 "Okay then, I'll tell Lucinda later." He said, looking very happy. 
 "So—" Olivia cleared her throat. "—will I be seeing some pups around here soon?" 
 In the midst of realizing that I could have my back straightened, neither of us were ready for the abrupt comment. Lucien choked on his drink and I paused, a pancake halfway to my mouth. 
 "W-What?" I asked.
  Olivia smirked. "Pups. Have you not talked about that yet?" 
 Lucien made a strangled sound. "Uh...we have, just not at the moment." He explained. 
 Olivia nodded. "Ah, well, no two wolves have children very quickly." She winked at us. "Especially when you're immortal. I'm sure you'd have plenty of tricks up your sleeve then—!"
 "Mom!" Lucien complained. I giggled, and Olivia smiled smugly.
 "What? I'm just stating the facts, darling." She said.
  Lucien abruptly stood from his chair, glancing at the time. "It's still early. What do you want to do?" He asked.
  Before I could answer, Olivia immediately snatched Lucien's wallet out of his pocket, peeking inside for his credit card.
 "I'm taking my daughter and daughter in law shopping, while you are doing your boring Alpha stuff," Olivia announced, winking at Lucien.
  He rolled his eyes, smiling. "Okay." He agreed, too easily for my liking. "Have fun." He grabbed his wallet, now free of the credit card, and dashed out of the room. 
 I stared at him.  "D-Did that just happen?" I asked. 
 Olivia giggled.  "Yes. Yes, it just did. Now come along, hon. We have some shopping to do."
  I groaned. Shopping? Again? My feet already began to feel sore!
~*~
 Six hours and thirty-seven minutes later, after an antagonizing day of following Jasmine and Olivia around as they picked clothes, they thought would look suitable for me and made me curl my hair at a barber's shop, we were finally on our way home. 
 I felt bad about how many times they spent Lucien's money, but both of them assured me that he wouldn't mind because it was all for me.  We reached home quickly, my stomach aches slowing down and cooling to the bottom of my stomach. I had changed my pad before leaving to go shopping, and now I felt like I had to change it again. 
 Once we got to the pack, Jasmine and Olivia immediately led me to Lucien and mine's bedroom. I was confused, as I thought we should go see Lucien first, but they both told me that he was probably busy and it'd be better if I changed instead.
 I didn't know exactly what was going on in their minds as they pulled me into a beautiful summer dress and a pair of flats. Why wear shoes in the house, I'll never understand. Olivia dabbed powder onto my cheeks and Jasmine added some light lipstick, much to my confusion.
 "Why are you guys dressing me up?" I asked. "Where are we going?" Jasmine giggled.
 "You'll see." She said. She and Olivia's eyes glazed over, and after they came back to their senses, they quickly wrapped up whatever they were doing to my face. They each took me by the arm and led me downstairs, telling me to wait once we'd reached the bottom of the stairway. 
 I was getting worried now, my apprehension rising. They left, and soon, the lights by the kitchen dimmed. I gripped the banister.
 "Wha—?"
 "Surprise!" A chorus of voices exclaimed. The lights flickered on and before me, the whole living room and the kitchen were decorated with streamers and banners of gold and white. Pinks and blues and purples! Tablecloth covered the table and I scanned the crowd, catching the eyes of Lucien, Benedict, Lucinda, Cindy, and many others.
 "What...?" I asked, smiling.
  Lucien came forward, bringing me into the crowd. "We were planning this all week." He said. "We wanted it to be a surprise to you, so we asked my Mom and Jasmine to distract you for a while."
  I felt tears prick my eyes. "I—Wow! This is beautiful!" I gasped.  
  Lucien smiled, wiping my eyes, and everyone behind me cheered. Cindy and Conner brought before me a large cake, reading: Happy 19th Birthday Luna! They lit the candles, waiting for me.
 "Blow out the candles, Raleigh." Lucien encouraged.
 What should I wish for? I asked Lune. 
 She giggled. Whatever you want to wish for, Raleigh. She said. Have a happy birthday.
 Thank you, Lune, I smiled, thinking for a second before an idea came into mind. I closed my eyes, my lips forming an 'o' shape as I blew the candles out. Everyone cheered, and as cake and presents were being distributed, Lucien pressed a longing kiss to my lips.
 "What did you wish for?" He asked. 
 I fixed the collar on his dress shirt, the buttons fashionably left unbuttoned.
 "You'll never know." I teased. I knew what I wished for, knew what I wanted to make a reality.
And I was going to make it a reality.


Lucien: Chapter 24

 I remember when driving first became a thing.
 It was the early nineteen hundreds, and by then everyone had gotten used to horse carriages or showing off while riding horses to the white women who tried to look sophisticated.
  I didn't want to drive at first. It looked dangerous and too much to handle. Between the constant arguing between Alpha's and the lessons to control Caspian, I was exhausted as it is.
  Jasmine, always the person changing me was the one who suggested I take up driving. I was the first in my pack to learn how to drive, and honestly, I didn't want to. I argued with her for months before I finally gave up, agreeing to learn how to drive.
 I owe Jasmine for that, and I owe her for many things in life. She's always been the person to help me start a new chapter and change my ways. Heck, she's the one who helped me find my mate! Had she not pestered me to visit her that day, I probably would never have known of Raleigh's existence and we would have continued on with our lives miserably. 
 The car I was driving rolled gently along the highway, the traffic steady, and the weather warm. I laid my head against my arm, the wind blowing my hair gently. Next to me, Conner was guiding my driving, the GPS beeping constantly with Siri's irritating voice. Cindy and Jasmine talked about girly stuff in the back, and Raleigh was talking with my Mom.
 I was glad Mom and Raleigh connected easily. They were both affable women, and they talked and acted the same, apart from Raleigh's shyness. Mom was pretty open about her body. 
I loved my Mom very much, but sometimes, she really did embarrass me. I mean, Raleigh and I had talked briefly about having kids, but we didn't really touch on that subject again. And when we did, it was when we were just getting to know each other.  I still remembered how many she wanted though—two, a boy and a girl. What are the chances we get twins?
"Take a left on this exit," Conner instructed, tapping my shoulder.
 I hummed, twisting the steering wheel onto Exit 34. The cool breeze brushed past me and into the back of the car. 
 Cindy sighed. "How much longer till we get there?" She complained. 
 Conner rolled his eyes. "Babe, this is the tenth time you've asked! We have thirty minutes left!" He exclaimed.
  Cindy huffed. "It's not my fault this is boring!" She groaned.
 "It's not boring. You just didn't sleep yesterday." Raleigh retorted.
  I snubbed my chuckle and Cindy scowled, from the looks of her face by the rearview mirror.
 "Yeah, yeah. And that's my fault? Conner kept me up!" She blamed. 
 "Oh, and who's idea was it to—!"
 "Please don't finish that." Raleigh cut in.
  I glanced up and saw her make a face of disgust. 
 Cindy laughed. "Are you afraid of listening to sex stories, Raleigh?" She teased. 
 "No!" Raleigh denied. "It's just...just..." She jerked her head at my mother, and we both laughed.
 "My Mom has more than enough sex stories to share, sweetheart." I laughed. 
 Mom smiled. "But of course. I had you and Jasmine, didn't I?" She asked. 
 Jasmine and I both groaned.
 "Mom!" We complained. 
 "What? It's the truth! There was a nice forest set up-and oh me in my tunic and your father with the fire and the blossoms and—!"
 "Mom!" We both cried. 
  Mom shrugged. "It was romantic." She finished. 
  Raleigh giggled. "Were that how werewolves mated in the old days?" She asked. 
 Mom nodded. "Yes. We had to consummate in the forests because our fathers used to keep a close eye on us women." She said, tapping Raleigh's nose. "Luckily, you and Lucien won't have a problem with that." 
 Raleigh coughed, and I chuckled.
 "Later, Mom. Not now." I said. 
 Mom huffed. "Well, heat is coming! I'm simply giving her a foreshadow." She explained.
 "Mom, nobody has sex in the woods anymore." Jasmine deadpanned.
"I still think they should." Mom said. "It's a learning experience on why we should protect and love nature." 
 Raleigh wrinkled her nose. "I... think I'll pass." She said. Mom laughed.
 "Easy for you young kids to say! You all have beds to do your business in. Do you know how many times my husband and I laughed because Lucien or Jasmine had laid on a spot?" 
 Laughter echoed around the car, and Jasmine and I groaned.
 "Seriously, Mom? That's disgusting!" I grumbled. 
 "So? Aren't you the sex-crazed boy in this family?" She asked. "You take right after me."
 "You were sex-crazed like Lucien?" Cindy asked, joining the conversation. I saw Mom nod.
 "Yep. Like mother, so son, they say."
  I rolled my eyes. "Yeah...right," I said. I switched the flasher on, turning right. I looked up again, catching Raleigh's curious brown eyes. 
 There was always something about her eyes that intrigued me. When we first met, her eyes met mine, and that meant something. Even before her unknown power was discovered, something about her eyes made me feel like I was being stripped, cloth by cloth, and poked and prodded. Like she was collecting all the information about me.
 Siddharth and Daryl, thankfully, didn't mention Raleigh's mysterious transformation at the ball, which was a good thing. I didn't know myself what it was, and I don't think Raleigh was very comfortable with explaining what it was.
 "Where are we going, anyway? None of you guys told us anything?" Cindy, who had been sitting quietly, suddenly piped up.
  Conner groaned. "I thought she fell asleep." He hissed. "We're going to a cabin in the forest. Do some hiking and other shit." 
 Cindy squealed, and I wished I had earplugs.
  "That's going to be so much fun!!! I wish Benedict came for you though, Jasmine." She said. 
 Jasmine shrugged. "It's okay. He didn't want to come. He's been kind of aloof lately, anyways." 
  I stiffened. "Aloof? How so?"
  Jasmine shrugged again. “He’s been muttering to himself lately. Always quiet, always secretive. He even blocked off our mate mind link, which he usually never does."
  I frowned.
 "What's a mate mind-link?" Raleigh asked.
 "It's a link specially created for mates after they mate," Cindy explained. "Once you and Lucien mate, he'll be able to speak to you in your head and nobody else will be able to hear you."
 "It works wonderfully when you have kids." Mom sighed.
  I rolled my eyes. “It is a nice thing though. Privacy...not that much." I said.
 "Why? Can't you just block them?" Raleigh asked quietly.
 "It's not that easy with a mate link. That's why I'm worried about Benedict, and why he's being so distant." Jasmine said.
  I shrugged. "He's a guy, Jazz. We have our own problems to deal with too."
 "So? I'm his mate. If he's in trouble, I should be the first one to know." Jasmine argued. 
 I couldn't say anything back. She had a good point.
 "Maybe he doesn't want to bother you, or involve you?" Cindy suggested.
 "Yeah, but that only means he's doing something illegal. Besides, our vows were to be together in this forever, no matter what!"
 "You could just be overreacting, Jasmine," Conner said, scrolling down the map. "Maybe he just has a surprise for you."
 "Maybe..." Jasmine admitted. She didn't talk after that, and quite frankly, at this early in the morning, I didn't mind. I had been driving for more than four hours, and I was just about ready to drop on the dirt and go to sleep. I trusted Wren and Lucinda (mostly Wren) with my pack, but I couldn't help but keep thinking about them. I guess it was just my Alpha instinct.
 "Are you thinking about work again, Lucien?" Mom's condescending voice asked.
  I winced. "Uh...no?" 
  She hummed. "You are a horrible liar, Lucien." She said. "Forget about work for one day and just enjoy life! You have wonderful friends, a beautiful mate! Can't you think about them instead of work for once?"
 "You're wrong on one bit, Mom," I said. "I'm always thinking about my mate." 
 A chorus of "oohs" and "aahs" went throughout the car and I was pretty sure Raleigh was blushing. She was an easy blusher. 
 "Aww. You really do have the sweetest mate, Raleigh." Cindy cooed. 
 Jasmine snickered. "Just wait until heat." She said, and I bit back a groan. "Once they claim your body, there's no going back. They are yours as much as you are theirs. And trust me, they'll take advantage of it." 
 I scoffed. "You make us sound like villains." 
 Conner grunted in agreement, mumbling to start slowing down. I hadn't even realized when we'd begun to drive into the forest, but now, a canopy of greens and reds and yellows hung above us, falling gently every now and then.
 "No. You sound like werewolves." Cindy said.
  I glanced up in the rearview mirror, catching Raleigh's shrug.
 "I mean, most werewolves in fan-fiction are like that. But Lucien isn't." 
 I smiled.
 "They have the audacity to have fan-fiction for us? Would they like it if we wrote human fan-fiction?" Cindy remarked with humorous fury. 
 "If they even knew of our existence, all of shit would be let loose," Conner grumbled. 
 I nodded. "Yeah. They'd probably label us as monsters and hunt us down for our hides." 
 Raleigh frowned. "You aren't monsters. You're far from it."
  I reached over the seat, gripping her hand and squeezing it. "Well, not everybody on this Earth is as sweet as you are, Raleigh," I said. 
 Instead of blushing, this time, Raleigh smiled, doing her best to squeeze my hand back.
  I turned, pulling the car into the cabin space we'd be staying in.
 It was a place just like they'd advertise in movies or on T.V. A large, glittering lake with fish jumping out of the rippling water in arches. A fountain spitting water in the middle of the lake; a large dock perfect for dipping your feet in; and a large wooden cabin standing closest to the forest area, a wonderful view of the sunset.
 "Wow! Where did you find this?" Raleigh gasped, amazed. 
 Conner and I laughed. 
"We made this cabin, darling," I said.  
 Raleigh's wide eyes dropped to me; her mouth still open. "You made it! The whole thing?!" She asked. 
 Even Cindy looked amazed. "Wow! Didn't know you guys had any creativity packed in you." She grumbled.
  Conner rolled his eyes. "Believe it or not, we did. Lucien found the spot while out for a run...a long run, and he told Drew and I. We all pitched in and built a cabin we'd thought would be perfect to bring our mates one day." He explained.
 "That being said, there will be one room empty...because of...you know what," I said.
 Raleigh flinched, and Cindy looked away. Jasmine toed the dirt with her shoes, and Conner began to hastily look for the keys, which I hid last time we visited the place.
 "What happened to Drew?" Mom asked, oblivious as to why nobody explained his absence. "And Logan? Where are they?" 
 "Mom...do you remember the rogue attack I told you about?" I asked, swallowing hard. 
 Mom nodded, looking confused. "Yes...? Why...Oh!" She covered her mouth. "Oh, my goodness...they...I'm so sorry! I had no idea."
  I waved her apologies aside with a forced shrug. "It's okay. It happened months ago." I said.
  Not wanting to divulge more about Logan and Drew's untimely deaths, I walked up to where Conner was frantically searching underneath the welcome mat.
 "I can't find the fucking keys anywhere!" He exclaimed. 
 I sighed. "Conner."
  "Yeah?"
 "If your first instinct was to look for a key under the mat, who else would look for keys under the mat?"
 "Uh...robbers? Rogues?"
 "Exactly. So why, tell me, would I put a key to a private cabin under a mat?"
 "Uh..." Conner flushed, and behind us, I could hear the girls howling with laughter.
  I snorted, reaching up under the fire alarm to pluck the keys out from the compartment I had hidden them in. 
 Conner snarled. "You could've saved me the embarrassment of making a fool of myself and told me!" He growled. 
 I juggled the keys, smirking. "But that would be no fun, now would it?" I placed the key into the lock, jiggling it for a while before the key clicked into place. I twisted it and the metal door opened with a small crack and a wave of hot air, the door opened, luckily not falling out of its hinges.
 "Wow! It looks even better inside!" Both Cindy and Raleigh gaped. The two jubilant girls flew past me, examining all the furniture and other plush articles. Well...Cindy did. Raleigh had more so wandered to the portraits and family pictures we'd hung on the walls. 
"Wow. I'm impressed, big bro." Jasmine whistled, standing next to me. "And here I thought it'd be a rickety little cabin with straw mats and a wooden furnace." 
 I snickered. "I can have that arranged for you if that's what you were hoping for." I teased.
  Jasmine's nose wrinkled. "Yeah...I think I'll pass."
  I smiled. "Why don't you girls go pick a room in the meantime while Conner and I get the bags?" I suggested.
  Raleigh shrugged, trailing down the hallway, and Cindy eagerly bounced after her. Jasmine clapped my shoulder in mock sympathy before leading Mom up the stairs. 
 I sighed, taking a glance at the small living room once more before my feet carried me back outside. 
 Conner was already there, lugging out the bags and stacking them up. I strolled over to him, lifting a heavy bag from his hands. I juggled the weight in my arms.
 "What's in this? Feels heavier than a baby." I asked. 
 Conner groaned and wiped a bead of sweat from his forehead. "I think it's one of Cindy's things. I don't know what the hell she packs." He admitted. He picked up what I guessed to be Raleigh's purple backpack, juggling the sac in his arms.
 "Wow! She packs light." He tossed the bag to me. "Wish Cindy could too."
 "She's a girl, man. Leave her." I said.
  Conner mimicked me. "Just wait till she gets comfortable with you. Do you remember when Cindy first transferred here? How shy she was? God, I wish she was the same!"
 "I don't think you should," I argued. "You'd be surprised by how much of the Cindy you have now you'd miss."
  Conner shrugged. "You're probably right, Lucien." He looked up at the musky sky as evening began to droop onto the high and mighty sun. "We should hurry up. If we get settled by eight, we can light a bonfire and make smores."
  I licked my lips. "Mm... good idea. I'll start bringing bags in."  
 Conner nodded, and I picked up Cindy and Raleigh's bags first. They had both taken the first-floor rooms, and neither noticed me walk in to place their bags in. 
 Raleigh was staring out the window, and I heard the shower in Cindy's room, so I was able to quietly put their bags in their rooms without either of them noticing me enter. I didn't want to bother either of them.
 Mom and Jasmine were sharing one room, and both were laying on the bed when I entered, on their phones. My guess was that they were probably texting or scrolling through Instagram. Ever since Instagram and Facebook came out, both Mom and Jasmine have been obsessed with it.
 "What are you doing, Lucien?" Jasmine asked, poking her eyes up from her phone.
  I chuckled. "I'm helping Conner put the bags away so that we can make some smores soon," I said. 
 Jasmine's eyes lit up. "Smores! Yes! I haven't had a smore in years!"
   Mom shook her head. "You haven't had a smore in one year, Jazz." She corrected. 
 Jasmine huffed. "Yeah, yeah, whatever. Here, I'll help Conner, and you go change and freshen up. You did drive all the way here." She said.
  I rolled my shoulders, looking up and blinking tiredly. "Are you sure? There's still Cindy's stuff—!"
 "Go." 
  I held my hands up. "Okay, okay! Geesh!" I led Jasmine outside, to where Conner was puffing by the pile of luggage and backpacks. 
 "Hey, Conner! You have a new helper!" I yelled. 
 Conner's head snapped up, and he looked from me to Jasmine, an eyebrow raised. "You wanna help, Jasmine? Are you sure?" He asked. 
 Jasmine rolled her sleeves up with a nod. "Of course. Lucien needs a break, after all." 
 Conner smiled and pushed his body weight up. He and Jasmine began to lug bags in together, so I decided to take a well-deserved shower. I took a couple of steps towards the cabin when a sharp scent hit my nose. 
It was a new, yet familiar scent. It wasn't like when I met Raleigh. Her scent wafted over to me, a sweet vanilla scent. This scent was spicy and angry, almost feral. It was like the person, or wolf, possibly, had gone mad. Insane. Just like my father...just like I once was.
 "Lucien?" Jasmine's questioning voice carried to my ears and I turned sharply.
 "Huh—What?" I asked.
  Conner eyed me warily. "You were walking and then you suddenly stopped."
 "Yeah. You just stood in the same spot for, like, a minute." Jasmine frowned. "Is everything okay? Did you smell something?" 
  I hastened to find a good lie. "Uh...No! Nothing at all. Just...smelling the earthy air." I lied weakly. Mom was right, I was a horrible liar.
Jasmine raised her eyebrow, and Conner looked out to the forests, saying, "Okay. See you later?"
I nodded. "Y-Yeah. Later." 
~*~
 I practically ran into the house, slamming the bedroom door shut, a place where I knew I wouldn't smell that scent. Whatever it was, it was haunting me, scarily so. 
"Lucien?" I looked up, catching Raleigh's eyes.
Her blue eyes.
 I did a double-take, looking again, only to see her warm brown eyes looking down worriedly at me. I shook my head. First a scent, now her eyes change color? I really must be sleep-deprived of all that driving.
 "I'm okay, sweetheart. Just tired." I explained before she could ask.  
 Raleigh licked her lips, unsure whether to believe me or not. Her now wet hair tumbled across her face in wavy lines and I touched her cheek.
 "Really. I'm okay." I faked a yawn. "I just really need a shower, and I need food." 
 That got a laugh out of her, and she gestured towards the shower.
 "Go ahead. I'm sure there's still some hot water left...unless Cindy used it all already." She looked at the bags. "Do you already have something to wear?"
"No. I'll pick it out when I finish showering," I said, already grabbing a towel from the open bag.
 "I can take something out for you if you want." Raleigh offered. 
 I smiled. "If you don't mind." I agreed. 
 She grinned, and after an antagonizing day of not having her close to me, I leaned in and pressed a well-needed kiss onto her lips. She sighed, tilting her head to ease herself easier into our kiss.
  I dropped the towel, putting both of my hands onto her hips to hold her closer to my body. Her hands gripped my arms, her thumb brushing against my bulging bicep. I couldn't help the groan that had snaked its way out of my mouth, and after a short breath, I claimed her lips again. I brought one hand up, stroking the large tattoo that was hardly visible because of her clothes.
 "Lucien...you have to shower..." Raleigh gasped between breaths. Caspian, now awake, snarled from me, and I pushed him away.
"I needed this..." I managed to growl. I broke away from her reluctantly, wiping the corner of her mouth with my thumb. My finger trailed along the mate-mark, my mate mark, and I smirked.
 "Cindy hasn't asked you about this yet?" I teased. Raleigh blushed. "Oh, she doesn't know?"
 "Surprisingly," Raleigh admitted.
  I picked the backpack up and put it on the bed for her to take from, as well as grabbed my towel again.
 "Uh...that's my towel," Raleigh mentioned, laughing slightly.
  I smiled, shrugging. "Oh well then."
  She laughed loudly, throwing some clothes at me. "If I'm not here by the time you get out, that probably means I'm outside." She said.
  I pouted. "You won't wait for me?" I asked.
  Raleigh rolled her eyes. She quickly kissed my cheek, grinning. "You can wait five minutes." She said.
  I smiled. "For you, I'd wait a lifetime."
~*~
 True to her words, once I walked outside from the shower, Raleigh was nowhere to be seen in the bedroom. I quickly dressed, walking outside as night fell along the cabin site.
  Conner already had a bonfire going, a smug look on his face as he dusted his hands off. Jasmine and Mom were skewering marshmallows onto smores sticks and Cindy was hounding Raleigh, gripping her shoulders as if she were dying. Intrigued, I stepped closer to Conner to be able to hear their conversation.
"You got marked! When? Where? How? Girl, you got a lot of explaining to do!" Cindy howled at an amused Raleigh.
  I stifled my chuckle, and Conner's eyes slid to me, a grin plastered on his face.
 "Are you listening to them, too?" He asked. 
 With a laugh, I nodded. "It was kinda easy to guess what Cindy was pressing Raleigh for, though."
  Conner shrugged. "That's Cindy for you." He said. He poked at the roaring fire with a stick, the light flickering on his face.
 "You okay?" I asked, kneeling down with him. 
 Conner coughed. "Ah, yeah. Just tired too. Ready to go to bed." 
  I nodded. "We all are." 
 Jasmine stood from the log she was sitting on, passing the sticks out to each of us. 
 I scooted closer to Raleigh, and she leaned against my side as she burnt her marshmallow.
 "I'll admit, smores aren't my favorite treat." She murmured.
 "Is it because they're sticky?" I asked. 
 She smiled, nodding. "Yeah. They're tasty though." She reached for a gram cracker and a bar of chocolate, smashing the sandwich together. She took a couple of bites, then paused, glaring at it.
  I looked at her from the side of my sandwich. "What's wrong?" I asked. 
 She handed the half-eaten s’more wordlessly to me. "I'm full." She said. 
 I frowned. "Can you try and eat a little more?" I asked, hoping by the end of this trip, she'd at least gain some weight. Between her period and her little to none-existent incentive to eat, I was getting worried for her. 
Raleigh shook her head, pressing the smore closer to me. 
"No more." She mumbled. 
 I sighed, plucking the smores from her hand and chewing it in one bite.  The aimless chatter that had been circulating around the fire had fizzled into content peace and quiet, but something was still bugging me. Now that we were outside, the scent hit me back in full force, as if the volume was intensified. It smelt like when someone added too much salt into a dish. 
What was that scent?


Raleigh: Chapter 25

 I was glad I didn't have a stomach ache that night.
 I don't know why I got them, but every time I ate something sweet, I always had a stomach ache shortly after. I hated it, because I didn't like dozing in the toilet on long school nights, and Lexi never appreciated them either. She despised them, especially because she was forced to clean me until I was fourteen, when I finally learned to clean myself.
 I knew Lucien wanted me to eat, but it was hard with all the stomach aches I had and the cramps I got, especially because of my period. Nobody mentioned it yesterday, but I knew they were all hoping I'd at least eat the whole smore. I felt bad, I always did, but there was nothing I could do about it.
 It was midnight when everybody decided to head off to bed. Since this was the first trip Lucien had in years, it was decided to be a weekend trip, especially because he was an Alpha and was needed at his pack.
 Since we both already showered, Lucien and I lay quietly in bed together. He scrolled through pack transfer papers on his phone, and I gazed out at the sky above us, at the moon shining down on us. In my head, Lune yawned, sighing.
 The moon is beautiful, isn't it, Raleigh? She asked gently. I smiled, wishing she could see my expression.
  It is. I agreed. I don't know why, but I've always loved the moon. So beautiful, so precious.
 I agree. Lune yipped. The moon is special, and the Moon Goddess is lovely.
Moon Goddess?
She partners wolves with their mates. Lune explained. She's the one who partnered you and Lucien up together.
Why?
I don't know, Raleigh. She probably decided you two would be well together. Help each other. 
 It didn't go unnoticed by me how Lune emphasized on help, but I ignored her. Instead, I sighed again, and Lucien stirred beside me. The bed shifted, and his arm slowly wrapped around my waist, my body spooned against his side.
 "Something wrong?" He asked.
  I shook my head, pressing my head deeper into the pillow. "No. Just admiring the moon." I yawned. 
 Lucien chuckled. "The moon is beautiful tonight." His thumb drew circles along my cheek-bone, and I found the gesture lulling me to sleep. 
"But, now, I know there is something even more beautiful than the moon." He murmured.
  I smiled. "What?"
 "Smores." Lucien decided abruptly.
  I wasn't expecting that answer, and because of the absurdity of his reply, I began to laugh.
 "Smores?" I turned to face him. "Really, Lucien?"
  Lucien gave a huffing laugh. "Okay, so maybe you are more beautiful than smores." He teased. He rubbed his thumb against my hip bone. "I know you are more beautiful than smores." 
 "It's okay. Smores are a lovely sight to behold." I said, laughing. The bed rustled, and then the light switched off. Lucien lay flat on the bed, pulling me practically on top of him. The moon seemed to smile, shining a spotlight on our knees.
"What are we doing tomorrow?" I asked quietly.
 Lucien shrugged. "Probably swim. The water is a bit chilly, but once you start to swim around, it gets warmer." He said.
  I shivered. "I haven't swum in an age," I mumbled. 
 "You swim?" 
"Yeah, when I was younger." I looked up at Lucien, his eyes already closing. "Lucien?"
"Hm?"
"How—How will I live as long as you?"
 "What?" Lucien's eyes snapped open, swiveling to mine. For a split second, a blue light glowed on his shirt, but just as quickly as it was there, it disappeared. I shook my head.
 "You're immortal. But I am not. How...How...?"
  Lucien easily caught on to my question. He smiled gently and in the dark, I felt his lips fall softly onto mine, his way of consoling me. Lune sighed happily in my head.
 "When we mate, I'll bite you on your mark again while saying some sort of saying. It won’t feel any different than a regular bite, so you won’t know when I will do it and I don't know exactly what happens after, but I do know that you become immortal—" he faltered "—that is, only if you want to."
  I frowned. "What do you mean?"
 "Immortality isn't easy to live with," Lucien said slowly. "I've lived with more than enough guilt, and seen more than a fair share of family members pass. Are you sure you'd want to live like this?" 
"Yes," I said firmly. I couldn't see his face, but in a way, I'm glad I couldn't. "I didn't have a purpose in life before meeting you, Lucien. Meeting you, meeting everyone, it's made me realize how wanted I am, and I want to keep it that way, forever." I felt his thumb trace over my lip, and he huffed a chuckle.
 "You sure are stubborn, aren't you?" He asked. 
 I hummed. "Very." I yawned. "But at the end of the day, it's up to you. You're the one who has the magic power, after all." 
 Lucien laughed. "I wouldn't say magic power." He sighed. "But if you're okay with it, then I'll do it." 
 I felt my eyes begin to droop. "I'm...okay....with...it..." I mumbled. I felt Lucien's lips fall on my forehead, and after a slight shuffling around and some banging from the wall next door, the whole house grew quiet. 
 Sleeping on the side facing Lucien was difficult. I could feel my arm grow cold from the lack of blood circulation. I switched sides, but that proved to be a bad move, as I had somehow managed to wipe my eyes in the process, and in doing so, I wiped my sleep away too. I groaned. Now it'd take me forever to go back to sleep!
 The moonlight had shifted while I had been talking to Lucien. It now burned brightly on my face, the blue light dripping from the open window and clawing at my pajamas. I smiled, wishing suddenly that Lune was awake. At least I'd have someone to talk to. 
 I don't know when, but soon, I found myself dozing again, trapped in a line of sleep and reality. I fisted the sheets, my reality, but the blackness inside my head consumed me, my sleep. A soft lullaby played in my head, and I felt nostalgia creep up on me. Somewhere, sometime in my life, I had heard this tune before. Maybe it was one of my foster families, or maybe Lexi herself, but I couldn't put a finger on where it was coming from.
 As soon as I closed my eyes, I felt myself being sucked into a whirlwind of black. Everywhere I looked, I only saw black. My heart pounded and I felt as if my body was trying to split from my mind! I tried to scream, but it was like my lips were sewn together, and opening my mouth the slightest bit would rip my skin to shreds.
 How long I fell, I have no idea. At some point, I just accepted the fate of my dream becoming a nightmare and stopped trying to fight the whirlwind carrying me away from reality. My breathing was slowing, my heart steadying, my eyes closing.
 "Oomph!" I groaned, feeling instead of a hard mattress, a soft pillow underneath my bottom. My breath was knocked from my lungs, and once I regained my composure, I twisted around on my butt, trying to get a good look at my surroundings. 
Everywhere I looked, there was a dark night sky. The stars paved a clear path for me as if I were a supermodel on the catwalk. My lips felt dry, and to my surprise, I easily was able to push myself up from the ground, something I was never able to do.
"Damn," I muttered. "This is a new type of dream." 
 Lune didn't reply to me, not like how I was expecting her to. In fact, my mind felt empty, clear. Like her presence was no longer with me.
"Hello, child." 
"Huh?" 
 I spun on my heel, my heart leaping in my throat as I caught the owner of the voice in my eyes. She smiled gently at me, her black hair and white shimmery dress flowing around her as if she were floating in water.
 "H-Hello..." I replied nervously. "W-Who are you?" 
 The woman looked sad, and she took a couple of breaths as if debating what she should tell me. 
"I... cannot say who I am to you, child." She admitted finally, her long nails trailing my cheek. "However, I can tell you what werewolves all around the world know me by." 
 I looked carefully at her as she walked to a nearby cloud.
 "I am the Moon Goddess." She said finally.
  I held my gasp. "Y-You're the Moon Goddess?"
   This time, she smiled, a dainty laugh falling from her lips. "Yes child, I am." She cupped my face. "Why, I remember when you were just a baby, an infant, squirming in my arms. You have grown."
 "You know me?" I asked, my mouth dry.
  She nodded. "I know everything about you, child. Everything you've been through...everybody you've lost."
  A sharp pang spread through me and I winced. "Logan...." 
 I looked up, and the Moon Goddess beckoned me closer to a cloud she was standing by. She waved her soft hand over the fluff of clouds we were gazing at.
 A boy was running. A young, Greek clad boy. He had long hair and a mischievous grin on his face, running across a field with a ball in his arms. Two boys chased him, all three of them laughing and smiling. 
 I squinted at the boy who was holding the ball, and then I realized something.
 "That's Lucien!" I gaped. 
 The Moon Goddess smiled. "So it is." She mused. She gestured for me to continue watching the scene, and as the day unfolded, I saw why.
A large pack of wolves entered the picture, one of them resembling the wolf who had attacked and kidnapped me. I watched as Lucien and the other two boys scrambled away and the packs began to fight.
"Why are you showing me this?" I asked quietly. 
 The Moon Goddess smiled. "Just watch."
  I looked back at the scene, and this time, a new boy entered the picture. He looked just like Lucien, if not, only a slight alteration of the eyes. I watched as Lucien tries to push him out of the way of an incoming rogue, but gets hurt in the process. The boy tries fighting back, but a rogue manages to knock him out and the scene closes. 
Confusion wrapping around my head, I looked up questioningly at the Moon Goddess, who was watching my expression intently.
 "What was that?" I nearly exploded. "What happened? Who was that boy? Who were those wolves—!"
  The Moon Goddess held her hand up, and immediately, I shut my mouth.
 "Raleigh," She said calmly. "There is only so much I can tell you to make my warning clear."
  I frowned. "Warning?" 
 The Moon Goddess looked away. "An ill tide is coming." She said. "Danger approaches you and your loved ones quickly. I brought you here to warn you, to show you something that your mate never wanted to bestow upon you."
  I looked down. "His brother," I said, a switch flicking in my head. "That was his brother! And he doesn't talk about his brother because he doesn't like to inflict his problems onto other people!"
  The Moon Goddess hummed. "Does that remind you of anyone?" She hummed, looking directly into my eyes.
  My vision swarmed momentarily, flashbacks of different scenes flashing through my eyes before it clicked.
 "Me," I whispered. "Lucien reminds me of myself." I looked up at her. "Is that why you mated us together? Is that why you bound our strings?"
  The Moon Goddess shrugged gently. "Perhaps. Perhaps not. That is for you to decide, however." She brushed the cloud away. "I originally had no intention of revealing myself to you this early, child but you must understand. Sometimes, I have no control over what wolves do, or how fast they do anything." She looked worried now, and I shuffled anxiously on my feet.
 "What do you mean?"
 "You need to learn to accept yourself, Raleigh." She said firmly. "I understand it is difficult, but I am worried that if you do not before time is up, it will be too late to change anything."
 "What?" 
  The Moon Goddess shook her head. "I cannot reveal any more than that." She said somberly. "I can only warn you of what you must do, who you must step up to be. Trust Lucien, trust your family, but most of all, trust yourself!"
 "How can I?!" I burst. "How can I when all I've been told is how much of a cripple and a burden I am?"
  I felt like breaking down, and the Moon Goddess looked around worriedly.
 "In due time, child, you will understand." She said. "I do not want to pressure you; I am simply warning you. I—!" She faltered. "There is so much I want to tell you, but alas, I cannot. The time is not right. The eve of the end is near. Be aware."
  I swallowed. "I understand what you are saying." I murmured. "But what about Lucien?" 
"Trust Lucien, and he in turn will trust you. Believe me, child. I know Lucien...I know him very well." She looked away. "He is a good man, an honest one, and an excellent Alpha. He thinks patterns and drawings can hide what he has been through, but he too must understand that he cannot hide who he is from everyone."
 "Is it about Caspian?" I questioned, wondering what my limit on speaking was.
  The Moon Goddess chuckled quietly. "Yes." She admitted. "He restrains his wolf, afraid of what will happen if he lets him free again. But a wolf, no matter how hard you tame it, will always be wild." 
 A cloud drifted over to her, and she smiled cheekily, looking at me. 
 "I will be sending you off soon." She said. "But here is a little something for you before you go. A message, per se."
  The cloud grew darker as it neared, and right before my eyes, in a flash of grey smoke, Logan stood, her clothes ripped and bloodstains creating patches on her clothes.
  I felt tears prick my eyes. "L-Logan?" I stammered.
  Logan smirked, clapping my shoulder. "Nice to see ya too, Raleigh." She eyed my mark. "I see you've been busy." 
 I didn't even have a sarcastic retort to say to her. Overwhelmed with emotions, I flung my arms around her ghost, hugging her tightly. Logan chuckled.
 "I-I can't believe it!" I choked. "Why...why...?"
 "I wanted to warn you too," Logan said, her voice darkening. "The wolf who murdered us is still out there, still feral, and still out for revenge. Be careful. Be wary. Be on guard."
  I sniffled, gripping her arms. "I will. I promise you; I'll try to change." I said.
  Logan rolled her eyes. "I'm not telling you to change." She said. "I'm telling you to learn. To become yourself, a person you don't know you are." 
  The Moon Goddess glared at her, and Logan shrugged sheepishly.
 "I'll try," I said. 
 Logan squeezed my shoulder. "I miss you, Raleigh." She admitted.  
 My heart squeezed. "I miss you too." I murmured. I bit my lip, and the Moon Goddess coughed.
 "It is becoming day, Raleigh. Lucien will be worried if you are not there." She said. 
 "Wait...I'm actually not in the room anymore?"
  Logan shook her head. "No. You really did fall through a whirlwind." She said bluntly. 
 "That's reassuring," I grumbled. "I'm losing my sanity." 
 "I will be sending you off now." The Moon Goddess said. "Remember my warning, Raleigh. The tide is closer to the surface than you think."
~*~

"Gah!"
  I awoke with a start, my pillow drenched with sweat. I groaned, rubbing my eyes as the sunlight peeled my eyelids open. My head swarmed with visions and I felt dizzy. 
 Lune yawned. Good morning, Raleigh. She chirped.
 Lune! Where were you last night? I asked.
  Lune took a moment before replying. Last night? What do you mean? I was with you all night. She said.
  I frowned. So... you don't know about the Moon Goddess and her warning? 
  Lune hummed. Nope.
   I sighed. "Was it just a dream?" I asked myself quietly. Next to me, the bed-sheets rustled and Lucien poked his head from under his pillow.
 "What was just a dream, Raleigh?" He asked groggily. I shook my head.
 "Ah—Nothing much. Just a dream too fake to be real." I lied. 
 Lucien sat up on the bed, ruffling his bedhead. "Eh. That happens sometimes." He agreed. He looked out the window, eyebrows raising. "It's already day? Damn. That was fast." 
  I swallowed. "Yeah...fast." 
 "Is something wrong?" He asked, his eyebrows pinching. 
  I shook my head. "No. Just...thinking about some stuff." 
  Lucien reclined back on the bed. "Is it anything degrading?" He asked.
  I smiled. "Why don't you look and see?" I asked playfully.
  Lucien grinned. "I trust you." He said.
  I bit my lip. "Lucien?"
 "Yes?"
 "What happened to Louis?" 
  Lucien froze. "W-What do you mean?" He stammered. 
 "You were attacked, right? Your pack?" Lucien looked away. "What happened?"
 "I... don’t know." He replied. Somehow, I knew he was telling the truth. "We were attacked, I got hurt, he tried to save me and got kidnapped in the process." Lucien got up from the bed, throwing some clothes onto the pile of messy sheets. "I've never heard from him since."
 "So, he's not dead then," I said.
  Lucien shrugged. "He could be, or he could not be. I don't know." He looked up. "Why so suddenly?" 
 "Just curious. When I was in the orphanage, I remember all the kids asking me if I was their older sister. It warmed my heart when they asked me," I recalled.
  Lucien smiled. "Did you like living in the orphanage?" 
"Believe it or not, it wasn't that bad. Apart from David, Lexi was really fun and nice, and the kids were all a joy to be around." I mused. 
 The Moon Goddesses warning repeated over and over in my mind, and I was determined to start opening up, especially if it meant diverting a tide I did not want to meet.
 "Even the pups in the pack like you," Lucien said. 
"They're adorable!" I squealed. "Especially Ananya and Avery!" 
 "Avery's...Avery's something." Lucien huffed, smiling. 
"He is. He loves Ananya very much." I said.
  Lucien nodded. "He was a bit older than she was when they were abandoned. He remembers everything, so I bet he just doesn't want his sister getting hurt." 
"Do you know who left them?"
 "Nope. Their scent was masked, and there was no tag in the basket."
 "Oh. I wonder why, though. They're angels!"
   Lucien tossed our toothbrushes onto the bed. "I don't know. They fit in well with the pack, and from time to time, Wren looks after them." 
 "Really? Does Lucinda, too?"
"No. She's always busy whenever they visit." 
  I frowned. "Why? Does she not like them?"
 "I don't know," Lucien said. He crawled back onto the bed, kissing my forehead. "Are you okay with all these questions?"
  I nodded my head. "Yes. I'm fine with them. I'm not afraid anymore."
  Lucien smiled. "That's good." He said. "I don't want you to be afraid." He stood from the bed and walked towards the bathroom. "We should start getting ready, now. Breakfast waits for no one, and neither does Conner."
  I laughed. "Agreed."
~*~

"Was it just me, or was it really warm last night?" Cindy questioned, chowing down on a ripped piece of pancake.
 "I didn't feel anything," Jasmine mentioned.
  Lucien nodded. "Me neither. Describe what you felt." He said. 
 Cindy hummed. "Like, was it just me, or did the moon feel like the sun?" 
  I choked on the water I was drinking, and Lucien tapped my back repeatedly until I could breathe again. 
 Cindy eyed me. "Are you okay?" She asked. 
 I coughed a few times. "Yeah. It was kind of hot last night." I said 
"Why didn't you tell me? I would have taken the larger blanket off." Lucien asked. 
 I bit my lip. "You were sleeping already. I didn't want to wake you." Before he could counter, I added, "Besides, it wasn't unbearable. I was fine!" 
 "If you're sure," Lucien mumbled, sounding wary. Olivia opened her mouth, only for her voice to be replaced by an ear-shattering scream. Conner and Lucien were on their feet in a flash, pushing Cindy and me behind them.
 "What was that?" I asked. I looked around the open picnic area. The water wasn't rippling and the fish were silent. I squinted at the trees, and then, I saw it.
  A large, feral form bounding towards us. Be it human or monster, I had no idea. Maybe this was the Moon Goddesses warning, but for it to come so soon?
  My heart thundered in my chest and with a scream, Lucien pushed Cindy and me, both of us bounding across the dirt. When I looked up, before anyone else could speak, could act, could fight, I knew who the mad wolf was. Knew who he was, and knew who he was looking for.
 "Lucien!" I screamed. "Lucien, stop!" Lucien was already shifting, Conner close behind.
 "It'll kill us!" He shouted. 
 With effort, I lifted my throbbing head from the dirt. The dirty grey wolf fought with itself, pawing wildly at its matted, bloody fur and its head.
 "It won't! Lucien, it's—!" In a flash, the wolf shifted on the ground, and in its place, a trembling, naked young man sat, shivering and eyes darting from all of us, stopping directly to look at Lucien.
"—it's Louis."


Lucien: Chapter 26

 The moment I saw the mad boy on the ground, my heart froze.
 Waves of nostalgia pounded through me, but I barely had any time to sort my feelings out before he began to scream and shake on the ground. Conner and I shared a glance, and together we carried him into the cabin.
 We wrapped him up in a large wool blanket and cleaned his wounds off, the blood seeping into the carpet and couch, but not the blanket. 
 Mom was crying. Jasmine was silently wrapping Louis's wounds. Cindy sat awkwardly across from us, and Raleigh—
—Raleigh was watching.
 Her eyes flickered from blue to brown as she observed Louis up and down. The hazy flashes between her flickers made me aware that Lune was talking to her. How she knew the wolf was Louis before I did, I had no idea. I wasn't about to question her about it though.
  Louis's trembling and heaving chest calmed as he warmed. His eyes were pitch black, his wolf in full control of his body. He didn't look at any of us in the eye, except for Raleigh.
 The whole time he was warming up, she was all he was looking up. I didn't know what to think of it. Sure, I was getting jealous, but Raleigh didn't seem affected by it. She drowned in it, making sure he kept his cold, lifeless eyes on hers. Her lips moved to, her eyes flat, void of any emotion the Raleigh I knew had.
 Her voice slowly rose, and with it, the dark eyes of Louis. His color returned to his face, and his eyes melted. The beautiful golden color my brother had in his eyes returned and his cheeks flushed. His shivering stilled and he gripped the blankets.
Raleigh's voice grew louder, louder. Her body began to glitch, her eyes began to flicker. The language she was speaking in was hard to understand, a mix of Russian and Latin. 
 Her fingertips glowed with her unusual power, and as I looked around, at the shocked expressions of everyone at the table, I realized that apart from the wolves at the Alpha Meeting, nobody else had witnessed Raleigh's unique power.
 "W-What...?" Cindy gaped like a fish out of water. Conner's hand was frozen by a water bottle. Jasmine paused in cleaning Louis's wounds, and even Mom shuffled away. I felt Caspian stir, and I desperately shushed him. Whatever Raleigh was doing, it was curing Louis.
 "L-Lucien?" Louis spoke groggily as if he hadn't spoken in years. His voice was hoarse and cracked, and I rushed to put an assuring hand on his arm.
 "I'm here, Louis. I'm here." I consoled. 
 Raleigh's eyes had gone brown now, her power faded away. She looked pale as if she'd given Louis her color and her energy. Her chest heaved and sweat beaded on her forehead, but when she caught me looking, she smiled at me. 
 I looked at Cindy, and she nodded, taking Raleigh gently up by the arm and leading her away. Louis's eyes followed her, like a magnet. 
 "L-Lucien..." Louis croaked.
 "I'm here, Louis. You're okay." I said gently. 
  Louis slowly took a look around his surroundings, his golden eyes wide and sparkling.
  "W-Where is he?" He asked.
   I frowned. "Where is who?" I asked. 
  Louis shivered. "D-Darius? Where is he?" He asked.
  A growl tore from my throat. "Darius? Why are you looking for Darius?" I asked.
  Louis shuddered. "H-He said...he said he was coming...she...she...the scalpel..." Louis spoke brokenly, as if he'd forgotten how to put words together. 
 "Who's she, Louis?" Jasmine pressed.
  Louise swallowed. "I-I don't know. I-I never saw her properly. She was a doctor, the pack doctor. D-Darius...another man....an Alpha...they all beat me. She...she made Spenser go mad...her magic.... her scalpel." He trailed his bony fingers along his arm, deep scratches marring his tan skin. Worry was eating me slowly.
 Raleigh and Cindy hadn't come back yet.
"You don't remember anyone else apart from Darius?" Mom asked gently. 
 Louis frowned. "T-There w-was another man...he was fat. Round...light-skinned. Name...also start with D." He rubbed his eyes. "T-That it. I... I don't know... girl's name...or other boys..." 
 I rubbed his back. "That's good, Louis. You did fine." I looked at Conner, and a silent agreement passed through us.
 "I think we should go back to the pack," I said. "If Darius is back, then he could be monitoring us, especially if the informant also knows of our absence."
 "Agreed," Conner said roughly. I lifted Louis by the arm, passing him to Mom and Jasmine.
 "Can you help him get dressed? I'm going to check on Cindy and Raleigh, see if they're okay."
  Mom nodded. "Of course." She studied Louis. "She did quite a number on Louis. He looks almost as good as new."
  I smiled. "She did."
 "What was that, though? How did she do that?" Jasmine asked.
  I shrugged. "I have no idea," I admitted.
 "In due time, we'll find out," Conner said softly. "In the meantime," He gestured to Louis, who had already begun to wander down the hallway. Mom and Jasmine scrambled after him.
"So... Darius is back," Conner said, watching them as they left.
  I nodded. "Seems to be. He's already played his moves, while we still have our cards in our hand," I snarled. 
"If we can find out who this informant is, maybe we'll be able to find out the other people conspiring in the scheme." Conner snapped his fingers. "Louis said that there was an Alpha involved. You just went to the Alpha meetings. Was anyone acting suspiciously?"
 "Not that I know of. Everything was the same. Alpha's were fighting. Duke was missing. Daryl got drunk. Nothing out of the ordinary."
 "Hm... This is harder than I thought. Do you think the Rogue King could be involved?"
 "What?" I paused in packing the bags into the trunk. "The Rogue King? Why? What does he want?" 
 Conner shrugged. "Just a thought. Darius is known to affiliate with him."
  I licked my lips. "Perhaps. I'll have the scouts keep an eye on his pack."
 "Hm... Lucien?" 
"Yeah?"
 "What happened to Raleigh?"
 "What do you mean?"
 "That blue magic—thing? What was it?"
 "I don't know Conner...I really don't know." 
  Conner sighed, roughly throwing a bag into the trunk. "I hate not knowing things." He growled. Then, he paused. "Do you have any idea as to who could be the traitor?"
  I gulped, looking behind my back. "Do you really want to know?" I asked, my voice dropping to a whisper.
  Conner's eyebrows pinched. His grip on the bag he was holding faltered and he trotted closer to where I was standing.
 "Why are you whispering?" He hissed.
  I bit my lip. "Benedict," I murmured.
  Conner's dark orbs widened with disbelief. "Benedict? As in your sister's mate?" He gaped. I nodded. "But why?"
 "Do you remember what Jasmine said? How he was acting weird? And the necklace? A shark tooth."
 "...The Rogue King's mark." Conner murmured.
"I don't want to believe it, but at this point, everyone is in danger if the Rogue King is involved," I said. 
 "Yeah...I know...but Benedict? After everything you did for him?" I sighed.
 "I don't want to believe it either, but this is the Rogue King we're talking about. The literal pain in my ass king who won't stop hounding me."
 "Why don't you just sign a treaty?"
 "I've tried, but he's as stubborn as hell. At some point, I just gave up."
 "Oh..."
 "Heard we're going." Cindy appeared from the doorway, carrying two cups of water. I hadn't even realized how much I had been sweating, nor had I realized that this whole time, the sun had been pounding down on us. I gratefully took the cup she offered.
 "Who told you?" Conner asked.
 "Jasmine did when I saw her." She glanced at the bags, her blue eye narrowing. For a split second, her expression almost reminded me of someone, but the thought faded just as quickly as I had thought of it. 
"How's Raleigh?" I asked instead.
  Cindy shrugged. "She's okay. Sleeping. Whatever she did to Louis must have drained her of energy." She explained. 
 "Good. Let her rest." I said. 
 Cindy glared at me. "Now that you're satisfied, what the hell was that? What did she do?" She demanded.
  I held my hands up. "I-I don't know! I swear! It came up at the Alpha meetings!" 
  Cindy snarled lowly. "How?" She asked, her eye glowing.
  Conner and I looked at each other. Apart from Raleigh, Jasmine, and my mother, the only other person I was afraid of was Cindy. How Conner managed with her, I have no idea.
 "W-Well...Daryl, Columbus' Alpha, approached her drunk. She...she had a dark past with drunk people, and I guess that made her snap." I explained, trying, and failing at being vague. 
 Cindy hummed. "I'll believe it, for now. Until Raleigh can justify that."
 "You don't believe me?!" I exclaimed.
  Cindy shook her head. "Nope. Not one-bit, Alpha King. I'll believe it, once Raleigh wakes up."
   I rolled my eyes. "Then why did you ask me?"
 "What was that?"
 "Nothing!" 
 Cindy raised her eyebrow, staring at me for a few moments. When she was satisfied, she left with a sway of her hips into the house, presumably to wait for Raleigh to wake up. Once she was gone, Conner leaned against the car with a sigh.
 "That's my life, but every day." He groaned.
  I shook my head. "You love her though."
 "I do." Conner looked up at the sky, his eyes clouded. "No matter how hard I try, I can never seem to get fully mad at her."
  I chuckled. "That's what having a mate does to you, dude. They change you. Shape you up."
  Conner laughed. "Yeah...Yeah, they do..."
  Together, we lugged the last of the bags into the car. I was closing the lid when I heard a yawn behind me.
 "Finished already?" Raleigh's tired voice asked.
  I turned, and her dull blue/brown eyes gazed back at me, moving from the car to me. I smiled, crouching down to her level.
 "Yes. How are you feeling?" Raleigh yawned again, covering her mouth with her loose sleeve.
 "I'm...better. I have some energy now." She mumbled. 
I kissed her gently, pulling away quickly so that she could stand properly.
 "You can sleep on the way back if you'd like. We have some ways to go." 
 She nodded. "Yeah...I think I just might." 
 I laughed, standing up and brushing my jeans. Louis now freshened up and in clean clothes, walked nervously towards Raleigh, all the while his eyes fastened on me.
 "You can talk to her Louis. I won't forbid you from that." I said, amused.
  Louis bit his lip, and Raleigh smiled as he approached her.
 "Hi, Louis! It's nice to meet you!" She chirped.
  Louis gave her a half-smile. "Hello...um...I don't know who you are...?"
  Raleigh laughed weakly. "I'm sorry, I didn't introduce myself. I'm Raleigh." She introduced. 
 Louis smiled. "Nice to meet you, Raleigh." He glanced up at my face. "You are my brother's mate, I presume?"
 "Yes, I am," Raleigh said, a blush staining her cheeks.
  Louis grinned. "Nice to know I was proven right, once again." He said, his old sarcasm returning.
  I smiled. Raleigh's magic must have really worked on him. He was becoming the Louis I remembered. 
 "Is everyone ready to go? If we start driving now, we should make it back to the pack by evening." Conner asked. 
 "Are you tired, Lucien?" Raleigh asked.
  I reached down and squeezed her hand. "A little. For once, I'd like to spend time with my friends and my loved ones without any drama." 
 Raleigh squeezed my hand back. "Once this whole thing is settled, then you'll have plenty of time!" She said, waving her hands around.
  I gave a huffing laugh.
 "Let's hope so."
~*~
 I don't know how quickly I drove, or if I even passed the speed limit or not. All I knew was that I had to get back to my pack and fast. If Darius found out that I, nor my Beta, were present on pack grounds, we could have another attack, and possibly lose more wolves.
 Aimless chatter spread throughout the car. Nervous chatter. Louis sat in the front, in between Conner and I. Raleigh sat in the seat behind me, Cindy next to her. Behind them, Mom and Jasmine were discussing make-up products and which ones were the better shops to buy them.
  I unconsciously patted my wallet, sighing with relief when I felt the square folder in my pocket. Conner smirked.
 "Has Raleigh maxed your card out, yet?" He asked with a grin.
  I raised my eyebrow. "Nope. Not even close." I said. 
 His mouth dropped. "What? Dude, what the hell do you do? I need to learn some of your tricks!"
   I chuckled. "I don't do anything," I said. "She, in her own words, has said that she only buys things that she needs, not what she wants." 
 Conner sank in his seat, grumbling: "Wish Cindy could do the same." 
  Louis laughed quietly. "You should probably make sure she didn't hear that." He mumbled. 
 Conner stiffened, alert, and immediately patted his pockets.  "Phew! It's still here." He said, holding his wallet carefully in his hands. 
 "Just wait till you have kids. Then Cindy will go ballistic." I said with a slight groan. When Conner didn't answer, I turned slightly to look at him.
 "Conner?"
 "...Huh? What?" He snapped out of whatever daze he'd been in, jerking his face to look at me.
  I laughed slightly. "You do want kids...right?" I asked.
  Conner licked his lips with a sigh. "I—yes...just not right now..." He mumbled.
  Louis frowned. "But it can happen by accident, right?" He asked. "I mean, protection is only 99% effective." 
 Conner whistled, impressed. "How do you know that?"
  Louis scoffed. "I may have been a prisoner, but that doesn't mean that they didn't introduce me to new technology and things like that." He said smugly. 
 Conner nodded. "Yeah...but I still have so much I want to do with Cindy. I-I don't think I'm ready to be a dad, accident or not."
  I frowned. "So, what will you do if...you know...?"
 "I don't know, and I'd rather not jinx my luck." Conner remained quiet after that; his eyes locked on the window by his door. At some point, while the boredom of the highway traffic was slowly driving me insane, Louis leaned towards me, worry etched on his features.
 "Lucien?"
 "Yes?"
 "Do you remember what...what's his name?"
 "Conner?"
 "Yeah! Do you remember what Conner said?" 
 A car slowly moved up, and as I pressed on the accelerator slightly. "About having kids?"
 "Yes."
 "Yeah, I do remember. What about it?" 
  Louis looked away, fiddling with the straw on his drink. "Well...has it ever happened when a wolf has left his mate after she got pregnant?" He asked, changing the topic with his chocolate covered tongue.
  I furrowed my eyebrows in thought. "Mm... Once or twice. Why? What are you insinuating?" I asked. 
"What if Conner does the same?"
 "I know Conner, and I know he wouldn't do something like that, not to Cindy."
 "Are you sure?" Louis drawled. "How are you so sure? Based on his reaction, I would assume that he wouldn't."
 "How do you know? You just met Conner." I nearly snapped.
  Louis shrugged. "Believe me, bro. Living in captivity in the pack Darius works for taught me a thing or two. One of them is that if a male does not want a child, he will leave, no matter what."
 "Darius is wrong."
 "Is he, though?"
"What are you trying to do, Louis? Make me upset? Right when I just found you again?" I asked, anger on the tip on my tongue.
  Louis shrugged indifferently. "If you cared, you would have come to look for me." He snapped.
  My heart squeezed. "I did, Louis. I did. I searched everywhere for you." 
  Louis rolled his eyes. "Well, apparently you didn't search hard enough." He sneered.
  I sighed. "Look, Louis, I'm sorry. I-I there wasn't a day that went by that I didn't miss you."
  Louis tilted his head, his eyes softening. "I never forgot you, either, my big brother." He murmured. "You and Jasmine, you guys kept me going, and I never forgot that. Life in Darius's pack—it was harsh. It was hell, and it was mostly a male wolf inhabited pack. Females were only brought if a wolf needed to take his anger or stress out." 
 I winced. "When I find him, he's going to pay for everything he's done," I growled.
  Louis smiled. "I believe you. I trust you."
~*~
 When we got back to the pack, there was a nice surprise waiting for us by the pack borders.
 The evening had fallen on the land by the time we managed to gather our bearings and get ready to walk back to the pack. Once everyone had been settled and we were all chatting in the living room of the Alpha House, Ranveer came bursting through the door, Everest just at his heels. They were both puffing for breath and Ranveer had a few bruises here and there, scratches littering his exposed chest and bulky arms. 
 Without a word, they led us back out towards the pack lines. Caspian was ready to pounce in my head, alert and awake. He snarled, pounding on the walls of my brain, begging me to let him out. With a growl, I pushed him back, wanting to take a look at who had decided to trespass onto my land first.
Alexander, Valentin, and Shawn were already there, along with a couple of my other pack members. They restrained two men, both of whom were obviously werewolves and both who were obviously struggling.
The taller of the two I recognized almost immediately.
 Sleazy and greasy as ever, Darius De Blanc shot me a sinister grin, his beady eyes trailing along my frame, to my mate, who stood behind me. He grinned, showing off a row of rotting canines.
 "A pleasure to see you again, Alpha King." He drawled; his eyes hazy. An alcoholic and a drunkard, it was no wonder I'd given him the boot years ago. He'd age too, a potbelly where muscles once stood stretched on his belly, and his skin had torn here and there, probably from fights he'd insinuated.
The other man, I did not recognize, but I'm sure Raleigh did. His dark eye caught hers, and she stiffened, gripping my arm. He was much chubbier than Darius was, much more alert, too. Tan skin, gangster vibes, piercings. He was every teenage girl's nightmare.
 "I told you I'd hunt you down, Raleigh." He growled, and something inside me clicked.
 "You must be the David I've heard about." I snarled. 
 David shrugged. "Probably am." He said. 
 I growled. "If you know who I am, then I'd suggest you speak to me before using that tone on your Luna Queen," I said roughly. 
 David shrugged. "I may be a werewolf, but that cripple of a girl will never be my Queen." His eyes darkened as if to prove his point that he was indeed, not human, and Raleigh gasped. 
 Darius knocked him in the knee and he whimpered. "Shut the fuck up, David." He hissed.
  I pushed Raleigh by Cindy, walking over to Darius. He spit on the ground by my feet, but I ignored that. I snapped my fingers, and in a flash, I had him against a tree, my hand tugging his collar, ready to snap his neck.
 "Y-You wouldn't kill me right now? Would you? Not in—ack—in front of your mate."
  I growled, pressing Darius's jugular harder.
 "Give me one reason why I shouldn't rip you apart," I asked roughly. David struggled behind me, but Valentin and Alexander held him back.
 "I-I came to warn you, that is all—!" Darius choked.
  I looked at Alexander, and in a flash, he had his arm around David's neck in a choke-hold. David began to hack, his breathing labored.
 "This better be worth my time. Because if it isn't...well..." I looked back at David, "I won't hesitate in snapping your friend's neck."  
 Darius choked.  "Alright! The Rogue King sends a friendly message to you, Alpha King." He snarled.
  I narrowed my eyes. "What is it?"
 "Beware."
Raleigh: Chapter 27

 It had been months since Darius and David showed up.
 I don't know if Lucien would've snapped their necks right in front of me, but he looked pretty close to doing so. He looked as if he wanted to give Caspian full control of the situation, but at a glance of everyone's relieved faces when he didn't, I guess they didn't want to meet Caspian.
 The pack had been in slight disarray when they found out a messenger from The Rogue King's pack had given Lucien a visit, especially the fact that he had been so close to stepping on the Eastern part of the pack, the place closest to the orphanage and the daycare of the pack. 
 What shocked me the most, was that David was a werewolf. Sure, I had seen him act out a couple of times. Sure, I had noticed the color change in his eyes, but I just thought I was dreaming of everything I saw. I convinced myself that I was going crazy, that there was no way that David was a werewolf.
 His little show with Lucien, however, proved otherwise. No human had a change in eye color, nor did they growl, or have the audacity to talk back to Lucien. Most human's we'd met cowered underneath his stare, but the rogues didn't. They stared him back in the eye...well, as best as they could.
 Ever since David and Darius showed up, I hardly saw Lucien. He had an inkling feeling that war was approaching, especially with the Rogue King playing his cards. All-day he worked in his office, and when he came to bed, if he did, it was always past midnight.
 I had every right to be worried about him, but he shrugged my concern aside if I ever mentioned it to him. I understand that he's a King and that he has work, but at least look after yourself while you work!
One day, sometime during the fall, I decided to walk around the pack, check on some wolves, talk to Cindy, play with pups.
 Avery and Ananya were nowhere outside, which made sense since it was a bit chilly. I rubbed my hands on my arms, stepping onto the cool stone of the pack square. Wolves milled about here and there, buying food or dragging pups back inside the house.
I was wearing one of Lucien's large sweaters, which surprisingly did nothing to help the chill of the fall. Maybe it was because of how skinny I was...
I sighed, glancing at my reflection. I hadn't gained a pound of weight, that's for sure. I tucked Lucien's large sweater into my pants. My stomach was flat. Completely flat, if not for a little access fat towards my pelvic area. I shook my head. Lucinda wouldn't be too happy about that.
 "Good afternoon, Luna."
  I turned, and was met with the sparkling eyes of Josephine, Alexander's mate. 
 I smiled forcefully at her. "Hi, Josephine! How are you?" I asked. I glanced at her swelling belly, and she smiled at me.
 "I'm doing fine, and you?" 
"As good as I can be." I rubbed my arms again, and Josephine frowned.
 "If you're cold, what are you doing out here?" She smirked. "Wouldn't you rather be cuddling with the Alpha?"
  I blushed. "Ah...No, actually. He's...working...again."
  Josephine frowned, noting the slight dip in my voice as I mentioned Lucien's workaholic behavior. She reached over and squeezed my shoulder.
 "I would not worry too much about him. It is nearly impossible for a wolf to live sane for a day without seeing his mate. He's probably thinking about you right now."
  I smiled weakly. "I'd hope so. I... miss him."
 "I miss Alexander too, especially when he has to work.  He hates it, even more so now with our pup on the way." 
 "What?! Why is he working, then?" I asked, appalled.
  Josephine shrugged. "The Alpha told him that he could have off from work until the pup was born, but no! He has to put a piece of the pie in for his pack." Josephine grumbled under her breath, and I found myself laughing at her fury for her husband. 
 I glanced at her belly again. "What is it, if I may ask?"
 "A girl." Josephine patted the bump. "Alexander was so happy when he found out. We were hoping for a girl."
 "Well, congratulations," I said. 
 "Thank you." Josephine's eyes scrolled me as if I were a book and she was looking for evidence. Finally, she sighed.
 "You know, you are very beautiful." She said at last. 
 I flushed. "What? Really?" 
 She nodded rapidly. "Why, yes. You may not think so, Luna, but you have many qualities about yourself that are very lovely. Your eyes, for example. Or your silky hair. Your cute, round face. Cupid's lips. You may not see them, but you are quite the visionary." 
  I waved my hands. "No way! That's just flattery!" I bit the inside of my cheek, not daring to look up at Josephine. 
 Her melodious laughter trickled from her mouth at my embarrassment. "Oh, but it is true, Luna. Ask anyone else, and they shall tell you the same thing." 
 With a swirl of her luscious hair and spin of her heels, Josephine was off, waddling out of the square and back to the rows of houses, where she presumably lived.
  I watched her go, Lune deciding to speak.  Did you hear that, Raleigh? You are beautiful, she said firmly.
  I giggled. I heard, Lune. I heard...
Do you believe her?
Maybe.
...Well, that's better than no.
  I laughed, and my head vibrated with the vibrations of Lune's laughter. I don't know what I'd do without Lune, I really didn't. She was like the cricket from Pinocchio, and she always knew how to make me feel better.
  I glanced at my reflection again, and this time, instead of seeing what I had been told by David, I saw how Josephine described me. I saw a beautiful, young woman with a cute, round face. I saw an energetic young lady with silky black hair and dark brown eyes that had flecks of blue in them. I smiled.
 I decided to pay Lucinda a visit, as I hadn't heard from her in a while. It was quite a walk to the border where she lived, but I managed. The grass was soggy, gripping onto my stockings and my sneakers. The mud trickled and stuck onto my shoes, but my excitement to see Lucinda made me ignore them.
 Reaching the dark-colored door of her house, I rapped my knuckles gently on the wood, waiting patiently for a response. Pans and other objects clattered to the floor, and when the door opened, it wasn't Lucinda at the door, but Wren.
 "Hi, Wren!" I said. 
"Oh! Afternoon, Luna! Is there anything I can do for you?" Wren asked. She fiddled with a certain, shark tooth necklace on her neck, but I shrugged the motion aside as a nervous habit. 
 "I actually came to see Lucinda, if she's not busy," I explained.
  Wren glanced inside the house, still leaning on the doorframe.  "She's actually out...again. But if you don't mind, I'd like some company." 
  I nodded. "Sure! I'm kind of lonely, too."
  Wren frowned, leading me inside the antiquely decorated house. "What do you mean? Is the Alpha not with you?" She asked.
  I shook my head. "No. He's busy working...again. What about you? Lucinda isn't here?"
 "No. She's been going out a lot, recently. I suppose it's just doctor stuff." Wren sighed. She handed me a steaming cup of tea, and I tried to sip at it, but that just hurt my wrist.
 "Ever since David and Darius showed up, Lucien's been piled up with work. I hardly see him." I admitted. 
 Wren squeezed my hand. "Oh, Luna. I'm sure he misses you just as much. The Alpha loves you, more than anything in the world." 
  I smiled. "I know. He's proven it, many times." 
 "But besides that, everything is good, yes? Nothing bad happened recently?"
 "Apart from the double D's? No, nothing bad."
  Wren laughed. "That's a good nickname. Double D's." She sipped her tea. "You know, heat is coming." 
  I flushed, suddenly feeling very hot under the collar. "Uh...yeah. I know. Cindy already told me." I said quickly.
  Wren hummed. "She has...? Well, that's good. It would be a shame if you were suddenly bombarded with a sex-hungry Alpha." She cackled at my wide eyes. "What? It's true. While you will only feel stomach pains, the Alpha will feel...well...lustful, if I can put it like that." 
  I gulped. "Does it...hurt?"
 "What? Sex?"
 "Yes..."
"Usually for first-timers, yes, just in the beginning. But I promise the Alpha will do all he can to make sure it is not painful for you." Wren assured. 
 I gulped. "But Lucien's...huge! And I'm so small!"
  Wren shrugged. "Mates can do everything. You were paired up for a reason, and you were paired up so that you would complete each other...literally." 
  I snorted. "I don't think the Moon Goddess thought about puzzle pieces while pairing us up." I joked. 
 Wren smiled. "Probably not. I wouldn't be surprised if the Alpha himself asked for a mate like you."
 "What do you mean?"
  Wren hummed, stirring her tea. "Well, the Alpha has been alive for quite a while. A very long time, actually. I recall, maybe once, he mentioned that he was born in Greece, but I don't remember exactly. Point is, he's been alive for so long, I bet he's met the Moon Goddess in person!"
 "Has he been in any wars?" 
"Mm... a few. Packs don't usually go to war unless it's for a broken agreement or such. I do know he fought in many of the popular wars: Civil, World Wars 1 and 2, Revolution—!"
 "He fought in the Revolution?!" I nearly dropped my cup in excitement.
  Wren laughed. "Yes! He did! He fought for the Americans, and he was a frontline."
 "Why did he pick such a rough job? Why did he go on the frontlines?"
 "I think it's because he's immortal. He had no fear of dying." 
  I bit my lip. "I-Is there any way he can possibly die?" I asked.  
 Wren's eyebrows furrowed and she frowned.  "I... don’t know if I'm being honest. I was not born during the Alpha's...madness phase. However, if I know anything about immortality, it is that there is always a loophole, no matter what others say." Wren paused to take a sip of her tea. "It's simply impossible to live forever, fearlessly. There is always something that can go wrong."
 "Does Lucien have a weakness? Can that weakness kill him?" I asked. 
 "I don't know. Possibly, a weakness in the Alpha could kill him, but he's a very quiet man if you haven't noticed already."
 "He is. Sometimes, it's hard to tell what he's thinking."
  Wren giggled. "Lucinda is the same. I learned you just have to look in their eyes. Weirdly enough, one glance can tell you everything they're thinking of."
 "I've seen that before," I mentioned. I glanced at the ticking clock on the beige wall, my eyes widening.
 "What?! It's already five?!" I set the cup on the table with haste. "I gotta go before Lucien gets worried! Thank you for everything, Wren!"
  Wren stood with me, a benign smile on her face. "Go. Thank you for the company, Luna." She said. 
 I dashed out of the door, stumbling to a quick-paced walk as I made my way back to the Alpha House. I caught Lucinda coming in from the border, but with the hunched way she was walking, I presumed that she didn't see me waving to her.
 I raced back to the packhouse as fast as I could, stumbling slightly over dips in the grass. I had to stop once in a while to catch my breath, but I managed to make it just as the hands on the clock grabbed the six.
 "Phew." I sighed, wiping a fake sheet of sweat from my forehead. "That wasn't too hard, was it? I looked around the entry to the Alpha House, taking in the little details for the first time.
It reminded me of a palace from a Disney movie, or maybe a real palace. Two staircases made of intricate marble details flanked the sides of the walls and at the center above, a balcony stood. Underneath that, if I continued to walk straight, there was a hallway on either side of the doors leading to the living room. I felt sweaty, so I decided to go take a shower.
 The hot water trickled down my body in relief, the touch warming the goosebumps on my skin. I sighed, running my wrinkly fingers through my soaked hair, the tendrils brushing against my hips. I leaned against the bathroom wall with a moan of pleasure. The water felt good, so warm against my skin.
The scrub was hanging on a hook by the soap ledge, and reluctantly, I removed myself briefly from the rain of warmth to scrub my body clean. The rough texture of the sponge sent tingles throughout my body, and that inadvertently made me think of Lucien. Of how it felt to be pressed against the hard plains of his chest as he cleaned me, as if I were an antique of his possession. 
 Possession. That was an interesting word. It meant to own something, and that thing was yours and nobody else's. On a person, that was never used...yet... every time I touched the crescent tattoo on my cheek, all I remembered was Lucien's hazy expression, his lustful eyes, his desire to claim me as his, whatever I was. 
 I felt the water begin to change temperature, so I quickly exited the glass stall, eyeing my clothes laying on the counter next to me. I slipped the bra and shirt on with ease, only realizing after that I had taken Lucien's shirt.
 "Eh, I'm too lazy to change it," I muttered. I glanced at the sink, still half-naked, into the mirror. The fog covered up most of the panes, but through the little gap holes, I could still see myself. I could still see the tendrils of my long hair, the flickering of my eyes, the glowing hue of my skin. My long, dark lashes and thick eyebrows. Was that really me? Was that really my reflection?
 I looked down on the countertop, where my breathing tube along with something else sat. Frowning, I approached the new tool. It was a long, metal stick with a handle at the top, and a claw resembling those in a claw machine at the bottom. 
 "Hey! This looks like my grabber!" I exclaimed drowsily. Grinning, I dropped my underwear to the ground, using the grabber to pick the article of clothing up to my hips, along with my pants. 
 Smiling, I shook the droplets of water out of my hair once more, puckering my mouth around the mouth-piece to the breathing machine. Pushing all the air out of my lungs, I pulled back inside the tube as hard as I could, the heavyweight at the bottom rising to the 500-point mark. I sighed, disappointed. 
 After a few more futile tries, I finally gave up on trying to reach 1000 today. I washed the mouthpiece with a huff and yanked the handle to the door open, closing it softly.
 Back in the main room, I was met with a large frame hunched by the balcony. My heart leaped, and for a split second I thought it was an intruder, but when I caught the wavy tattoo twining down the person's arm, I knew who it was. 
 Lucien was leaning against the metal rails of the balcony, his golden eyes observing the pack below him carefully. He was shirtless, little beads of sweat trickling down the curves and dips of his body. He, although he worked the whole day, didn't sag as he leaned. In fact, he looked tense, all of his muscles pulled as if he were on edge. 
 I approached him cautiously, my feet padding against the carpet. I flexed my fingertips slightly, debating if I should touch him or not.
Finally, I laid my palm gently on Lucien's back, and he flinched, turned around. His hard eyes softened when he saw me looking up, and his chest heaved with a sigh.
 "Raleigh...it's you...I thought you were out." He murmured. He bent down, pressing a hot kiss onto my lips. I could feel, sense, taste his desire, his pining. I let him take the control he pressed for; my eyelids fluttering shut. I didn't even realize when he'd broken away, our pining lips only inches apart.
 "I was in the shower...I thought you'd be back late...What happened?" I asked. I let him pick me up with ease, his strong arms my pillars of strength.
"I wanted to spend time with you...I missed you," Lucien admitted.
  I smiled.  "I missed you too."
 "Why didn't you come to see me? You know where I sit all day." 
  I bit my lip. "I-I didn't want to bother you. You were working." I explained.
 "So? You don't bother me. I... I would have gone insane if you weren't with me for another second. Every time I came back, you were asleep, and every time you awoke, I was gone. It killed me not to be here. Not to be with you."
  My heart melted, and I snuggled myself closer to him, not caring that his sweat was sticking to my skin.
 "I'll be sure to visit next time," I mumbled. "Are you done with your work?"
  Lucien hummed. "For the most part, I am. Just some filing is left," He said. He kissed my temple. "But I don't want to talk about work. I want to focus on you, know how you have been."
 There it was again, the same, possessive tone in his voice that sent shivers up my spine, that made my heart race.
He walked stoically to the bed, dropping me carefully before crawling on top of me. His lips found mine again, a chase, a game only the two of us knew how to play. His tongue teased me, his hands holding mine back. 
 I found it hard to keep up with his needy mouth, and soon, he was pulling gasps and moans out of me. His lips kissed over my cheek, haunting over the mark he'd left on me. My senses, thanks to Lune's influence, were heightened, and I could feel every ghostly touch of his hands, ever pleasured moan I made him cry. 
 The bed rocked back and forth, but Lucien was too focused on winning our game to care. His teeth pulled aside the strap on my tank-top, and pleasure shot through me as his lips caressed my tattoo. Spark after spark, flash after flash. All the sensations filled me, drowned me, and I had no way of winning this. 
 When we broke apart, Lucien rolled onto the side of the bed next to me, one that had felt vacant for far too long. Both of our breathing was heavy, eyes drooping, and lips cherry red. I cuddled closer to him, devouring the warmth that trickled from him.
I missed you, Lucien. I thought.
I missed you too, Raleigh. I missed you too. 


Lucien: Chapter 28

 A couple of weeks later, I found myself standing by the Northern border of the pack, but for a different reason than before.
 Greg and Tania were visiting again. 
 A week or so ago, right after my Mom had left to go to her retreat, once everything had settled down again and a false canopy of reassurance had fallen over the pack, Greg had called me.
 At 7.
 A.M.
 On a weekend!
 I remember groaning as I escaped my cocoon of warmth, detangling my limbs from my mates to get to my phone, which of course had to be charging at the other end of the room.
 Picking the line-up, I recalled how eager and excited Greg sounded when he asked if we could meet again. For what reason, I had no idea. He sounded like an excited child when they are given a present, they've been craving, and before I even had a say in what planning would take place, he hung up.
On me!
Nobody hangs up on me!
 Raleigh found my fury hilarious, which was easy for her, considering she wasn't the one who had to set the pack up and make sure the house was clean. Once Tania gave me an earful about the dishwasher having dirty dishes in them, which was funny since the dishes were being washed, but she didn't care.
 Ever since we had figured out that we could mind-link, that's all Raleigh used. I could feel her poking my mind sometimes, her eager thoughts tricking into my head. It was amusing to listen to what she thought about all day, to feel some of her emotions. It helped whenever we kissed too, to feel that wave crash into my body just as it crashed into hers; to feel that leap of a heart...
"Lucien? Lucien!" Conner slammed his hand next to the bark by my head and I nearly jumped. 
 Alexander was choking a laugh behind him and Valentin pressed his lips together, avoiding my eyes.
"What? What's so funny?" I snapped, giving them an irritated look.  
 Alexander coughed. "Well...uh...you...you...were you by any chance thinking about—oh, I don't know...Raleigh?" He asked.
  I raised my eyebrow. "Maybe...Why?" I asked. "How did you know?" 
 Taking a sip of his water, Valentin nearly chortled on the bottle, squeezing his eyes shut. "You...uh...you didn't close off the mind link to your thoughts..." 
 He choked again on his water, and Alexander slapped him on the back, all the while laughing. Conner covered his mouth, his snickers slipping from his covered lips.
  I groaned. "I'm sorry. I-I guess I forgot to, what with everything going on." I apologized sheepishly, color blooming on my cheeks. Heat crept up my face and my palms suddenly felt sweaty, the dirt from trees sticking to the crevices in my hand.
  Conner clapped my shoulder. "It's nothing to be sorry about. Almost everyone here has forgotten to close off the mind link at least once."
 "That's true. Remember when you forgot, Conner?" Valentin asked. It was Conner's turn to flush red, and with a chuckle, I faced my group again.
 "You really made my day, Conner." I laughed. 
 Conner grumbled under his breath. "Yeah, but at least what you saw wasn't a fantasy, was it, Alpha?" 
  I rolled my eyes. "You can't really blame me. Heat is approaching soon." 
 Alexander nodded with a groan. "It'll be hard this year, with Josephine pregnant and all."   
 Valentin snorted. "What? You take heat pills?" He sneered. 
  Alexander shrugged. "I haven't had heat in over a century. I miss the feeling of a tsunami crashing into your soul, letting your wolf take command of the situation." He sighed. "Perfect."
  I frowned. "I'm going to try and stay in control for heat this year...I don't want Caspian in control."
 "Why not? Not seductive enough?" Valentin asked.
  I shook my head, leaning against the tree. "No. I'm afraid he'll go insane. He'll take full control of my body and make me lose my mind. That's why."
  Conner sucked a breath. "C-Can he kill you?" He asked after a few moments. Six colorful eyes peered at me, and I found myself sighing, debating in my head.
 You should tell them. Caspian argued gruffly in my head. 
Yeah? What will they think? What if one of them is the informant?
I don't think so. Trust them.
...Fine.
"Yes," I said softly so that only they heard me. I looked away; my arms crossed on my chest. My lips suddenly felt dry, and I didn't look at their reactions one by one.
 After a few moments of grating silence, Valentin spoke up, his voice degraded to that of a child's meek voice, begging for candy.
 "Really?" He murmured, his soggy feet causing the grass to squeal. I didn't look up as he neared. I chipped a piece of bark from the tree by me, nodding.
"Yes. If...If Raleigh is one day taken from me...killed...I won't have any control over Caspian. He's stronger than I am, more powerful, and much more deadly than I am than I ever was. He'll drive me to insanity, and at one point, I could-will, kill myself." I dusted my hands, crumbs of dead tree bark falling to the damp ground. "So, if the Rogue King finds out that I have his minions locked up in a silver cage, he'll come looking for me, or more so, my mate, now that he knows I have one."
"Speaking of minions." Alexander's rough voice spoke from the back of the field, the area closest to the houses of the pack members. "Are we going to interrogate them too?" 
 I hummed, an idea clicking in my head. "Alain."
 "What?"
 "Alain wants to prove his worth for this pack, right? Have him interrogate them, his old pack."
 "...Yes, Alpha." Reluctantly, Alexander shifted into his large, brown wolf, scampering back into pack lines to find Alain. 
 "Are you sure it's a good idea to have Alain know that Darius and David are here?" Valentin asked.
  I nodded my head firmly. "Yes. If he wants to be a part of this pack, he has to face his past, his old life." I said. 
 Valentin paused for a few moments before I saw his head bob in understanding. 
 Footsteps pounded through the forest, and soon, I was met with the exerted faces of Tania and Greg, both who greeted me with unknown enthusiasm. Well, Greg a bit more than Tania. She still looked sour since we last met. 
 "Lucien! How have you been?" Greg asked, clapping my back.
  I raised my eyebrows in shock at how overt Greg was being. I glanced at Conner, just to make sure I wasn't dreaming, and he too looked astounded. 
"Uh...I've been as good as I can be," I said.
  Greg nodded, and Tania touched a chain on her throat as if she were nervous.
 "Are you okay, Tania?" I asked. 
 Tania jumped. "Ah—yes! I am fine." She said, smoothing her dress to regain her composure.
  I didn't comment. "Okay...So, is everything good in the pack?"
 "Hm... Yes! Yes! Everything is fine!" Greg's eyes circulated around my pack, probably looking for Lucinda. For the past few days, she had been going out early and coming in late, so I doubted he'd see her.
"That's good." I pried the door open to my house, the sweet caramel smell of breakfast slamming into my nose. Greg poised his neck up to sniff the air.
 "Breakfast? Now?" He asked questioningly.
  I shrugged. "Long night last night," I said vaguely. I didn't want them to know that Raleigh had woken up with a terrible stomach ache last night and stayed up for two hours in pain. 
 "Oh. How is Raleigh doing since we last saw her?" Greg asked as if reading my mind. I watched the way his eyes took in my house as if it was the first time he'd been inside. 
 I shrugged, a golden eye remaining on his lean frame. "She's better. She's been opening-up more," I said. 
 I led them to the large kitchen area, where Raleigh was sitting at the island. She munched slowly on a piece of pancake; her eyes glued to my computer as she watched a movie. She swirled around on her chair, pausing the movie when she heard us come in.
 "Morning!" She chirped.
  I leaned in to place a quick kiss on her mouth. She tasted of syrup and sugar, and I secretly swiped at her lips with my tongue, the excess syrup staining my taste buds. 
 She giggled. "Nice to see you again, Greg, Tania." She said, facing them. Tania offered her an awkward smile, and Greg bounced to sit next to her. 
"A pleasure to see you as well, Luna Queen." He agreed. He eyed her plate. "Having brunch, I see." 
 Raleigh nodded. "Kind of. I didn't feel like eating anything meaty, so pancakes will suffice." She said. 
 I approached the fridge, feeling famished. "Would you two like anything to eat? Drink?" I offered. 
 "If it's alright, I'd like to drink something," Tania muttered quietly.
  I frowned. Did she and Greg switch personalities? I seem to be missing a piece to the puzzle. 
 "Of course. Greg?" 
 Greg, who had been silently observing an open windowpane by Raleigh's head, jolted.
 "Huh? Oh, sure!" He hastened to reply.
 "Okay...Water? Coffee? Tea?" I listed off the drinks we had all the while rummaging through the fridge.
 "Coffee is fine. Tania?" For the first time in my life, I heard Greg call his wife by her name, which only confused me more. Even Raleigh had paused her movie to listen to the Alpha couple.
 "Uhm...Water, please?" Tania's meek voice answered.
  I nearly dropped the cup I was holding. Did something take place between the two? Was there something happening in their pack? Is that why they wanted to meet?
I easily gave Tania her water, sliding the cup over the table for her to reach. She accepted the drink with barely a nod of her slim, pointed face, her bony fingers wrapping around the plastic utensil. 
 "So... Heat is coming," Greg said suddenly. Tania choked on her drinking just as Valentin had and Raleigh sunk in her seat. I mixed the water a bit faster, the hot heat creeping up my neck again. 
 Greg frowned. "What? Did I misspeak?" He asked.
 "No! It's just...a first heat for both of us..." I mumbled. 
 Greg made a knowing sound in the back of his throat. "Ah. I remember my first heat. My, what an animal I was."
  Raleigh stiffened, and I shot Greg a sharp glare. 
 He wilted. "I-I mean...It wasn't all that bad." He struggled to fix his statement. 
 I sighed. "It's not animalistic for everyone." I lied. Caspian was already snarling in my head, and I'd bet if he were in control he'd be drooling.
"That's true. Some wolves can control themselves...partially."
  I wanted to murder Greg then and there, but Raleigh leaned closer to him on her stool, eyes wide.
 "Really? What's it like for you?" She asked. I handed Greg his cup and sat next to Raleigh, my arm snaking around her waist, a form of greedy possession. 
"Well, I knew Tania was in heat before she did," Greg said. "Then, my wolf and I split control, just to make it easier, to make sure we wouldn't lose control and go savage." He looked at me as he spoke, and a dreading feeling curled around my stomach, squeezing. 
 "It was odd, though, because even after that, I continued to be in pain for more than a week." Tania, for the first time that day, spoke up. 
 Raleigh's mouth formed a thin line. "You did? Is that supposed to happen?"
  I shook my head, and Greg suddenly looked panicked. "I-I didn't know either. Perhaps it was because we conceived Clarity?"
 "It doesn't usually create pain, a baby conceived or not," I mumbled.
 "In any case, it wasn't what I was hoping it to be, but it was still a wonderful experience." Tania finished, still looking nervous.
 "Does it hurt?" Raleigh asked.
 "At first...depending on if you're a virgin or not." Tania looked directly at me when she said this, and a pang of disappointment hit me. I suddenly felt dirty to have done things with other women, while my mate was all pure. I felt—I knew a hundred showers wouldn't make up for what I had done in my previous insanity.
Lucien, that was a long time ago. Caspian assured in my head.
For her. I grumbled back. He didn't answer. 
 "Ah...well, yes. So, it does hurt at first, but then you get used to it." Greg finished.
 Raleigh looked conflicted. I twirled a strand of her silky hair.
 "What are you thinking about?" I asked. All eyes fastened on her.
 "Do humans have heat, too?" She asked finally.
 "Yes, since they're mated to a werewolf," I answered firmly. 
 Raleigh hummed. "Darn it. I thought I could avoid it." 
 Greg laughed. "Even if you couldn't, Lucien would still become sex-crazed, so there'd be no way to avoid being in bed all day." He teased. 
 Raleigh turned to take a bite of her pancake. "So, what about unmated wolves?" She questioned.
 "They don't get heat until they meet their mate, which is why this is new to me as well," I explained. 
 "After a pup is born, usually, the heat stops because heat's main objective is to help a male wolf and a female wolf have a pup. It used to happen just to the Alpha pair, to give them an heir, but when an Alpha was kicked out and still had heat, the effect just kept continuing until—" Greg slapped his hand on the counter, and Raleigh's eyes flickered. "—well, here we are. Every wolf now has heat." 
 I looked down to see Raleigh's expression. Flecks of blue were glowing in her eyes, and she worried her bottom lip as if she were debating whether or not she should talk or not. 
"That's...interesting. I suppose. Was it the Moon Goddesses doing?"
 "What? Heat?" I asked.
  Raleigh nodded; her mouth filled with the crushed pancake.
 "I would assume so. She is, after all, the mother of all werewolves."  
 Raleigh coughed, nearly choking on her food. "What?" She asked.
  I frowned. "She's...the mother of all werewolves?" I repeated.
  Greg and Tania both waited for Raleigh's reaction, but with a quick shrug of her shoulders and a push of her plate, she was gone, dashing from my lap to what I presumed to be the living room.
 "What happened? Did I say something wrong?" Greg asked. 
 I shook my head. "She's probably on edge. This will be her first heat, after all." 
  Tania rolled the cup between her hands. "How did she react when she discovered werewolves existed?" She drawled, her sharp eyes falling on me. 
 My gaze remained on her clenched hand for a moment before replying.
 "She was surprised, but I think because of Logan, she was able to transition easily into our lifestyle." I decided, at last, picking my words out carefully.
"Well, at least she didn't scream." Greg joked.
  I smiled. "That's true." I glanced at the foyer she'd disappeared to. "She's brave, my Raleigh." I felt a tinge of pride as I bragged about my mate. She didn't know this, but she really was one of the bravest women I'd ever met in my life. Brave, beautiful, what more could I have asked?
 "You love her very much, don't you, Lucien?" Greg noticed as Tania stood to put her cup in the sink. A lovesick sigh fell from my lips and I nodded, leaning my head on my crumpled fist.
"I do. I wouldn't be able to live without her." I murmured, loud enough so that Greg and Tania could hear. Neither said anything. Only Greg's throat vibrated, an indication that he'd heard me. Tania downright ignored me, but I was done with her attitude towards me. 
 "But enough about me." I decided. "How are you two? How are Alexis and Clarity?" Greg shifted in his seat, looking sheepishly at his wife.
 "I—uh...I haven't been at home very much. Work outside and all. T-Tania?" 
 Tania scowled at her husband. "The girls are fine, thank you, Alpha." She bit out. "They'll be starting primary school soon."
 I nodded. "Nice. It must be wonderful to watch them grow up, no?"  
 Greg swallowed. "Ah—Yes. It is very rewarding watching my daughters grow." He said anxiously. He rubbed his fingers against his sweaty palms, as if he wanted to reveal something about that sentence, then changed his mind.
 "Will you be having any children, Alpha King?" Tania asked courteously. 
 I nodded. "At the moment, no. But my mate and I have already decided that we will be having pups." 
  Greg whistled. "Any specific gender you're hoping for?" He asked. 
 "A boy and a girl. Cliched, I know, but that's what she wanted." I shrugged. "So, I'll do my best to give it to her when the time is right."  
 Tania, for the first time that day, smiled softly. "I always dreamed of having girls." She said. She squeezed Greg's bicep, and he looked away. "My mate gave me my dream, and I know you can do the same to Raleigh, Alpha King."
 Whoa...These lights are automatic! I heard Raleigh wonder in awe in my head. 
 I chuckled. "I hope so. I don't want to scare her with Caspian."
  Greg smiled eerily. "I'm sure she won't be frightened." He assured. "Besides, what's the worst that Caspian can do?"
Raleigh: Chapter 29

"You look angry."
 "I'm not angry."
 "Furious?"
"No."
"Vexed?"
"No."
"Annoyed?"
 "No!" Lucien stopped pacing abruptly and I swirled to face him in his spinning chair. Glee sparkled in my eyes, my amusement to his obvious nervousness overt. He glared at me.
 "Ha-ha. So funny." He continued to pace again. "You find my suffering hilarious, huh?" 
 I hummed, tossing a pen up in the air and catching it. "Sure do," I said. "Why are you so nervous, then? What's up?"
  Lucien snarled, agitated. "It's today, and I have no idea what I have to do." He growled.
  I frowned. "Do you need to know what today is? It's Saturday." I deadpanned.
  Lucien rolled his eyes. "I know what the day is! I just—Gah! I don't know what to do! Something is supposed to happen today, but what?!" 
 I eyed the stack of crumpled white sheets on his desk, the tower growing bigger and bigger each day. The mark on my cheek tingled, and I sighed.
 "You have a ton of work right here. What do you mean you don't know what to do?" I joked. "Unless you're feeling too lazy to do it. That, I can understand."
 "How?"
"Uh—duh! I went to school!" I said, sounding obvious. 
 Lucien smiled. "And here I thought you were a studious child." He teased.
 "I am. That doesn't mean I liked to do homework as a game, however." I said. I leaned forward on Lucien's large chair; the bottom warm from when he was sitting. I reached to the paper at the top of the stack, my brown orbs scrolling the script handwriting.
 "Who writes in script anymore? I can't read anything on this!" I snarled, annoyed. 
 Lucien chuckled. "Then you're probably reading Luna Aria's paper. She's one of the few Luna's who has neat handwriting."
 "Neat handwriting?!" I gasped. "This is like reading chicken scratch!"
  Again, Lucien laughed. "I used to write in script, and, believe me, it takes a while to learn how to draw your letters correctly." 
 Lucien bent over a wooden drawer by his bookcase, rummaging through some messy files. He dumped a few of the cleaner manila folders onto the carpeted ground and pressed a little compartment under the yellow folders.
I stood from the roller chair and padded over to Lucien, watching curiously as he tapped a password onto the padlock in front of me. The compartment opened and he pulled out a sheet of old parchment paper, handing it to me.
 "What is it?" I asked. 
 Lucien carefully opened the thin, yellow paper, his eyes running over the page rapidly. "It's an old document, a pack transfer, I think. It's been years since I've read script. I can see my handwriting...Oh! I think this is Lucinda's pack transfer!"
  I frowned. "Lucinda had a pack transfer?" I asked. Lucien nodded.
 "Yes, a long time ago. I don't remember exactly where she transferred from, and the ink is blurred, but everything else is legible." He handed me the paper, and I gently laid it flat on my palms.
  The ink bloomed with the sweat from my thumbs, and I could feel Lucien's golden eyes on me as I tried to decipher the text.
 "Did Lucinda sign this paper?" I asked.
 "Yes. This is her signature." Lucien pointed to a line by another illegible signature, where I could see Lucinda's name in easy, fine print.
 "Huh...did her handwriting change?" 
"Uh...I don't know. I've never needed a document from her, so I wouldn't know." I took another glance at the paper again, then shrugged the dot of ink aside, handing Lucien the paper.
 "You said a Luna wrote like that?" I asked. 
 "Luna Aria. Rarely, a female is born before a male, which is why there are large festivities thrown when they are." Lucien explained.  
 My eyes lit up, and Lune shifted in my head. "Festivities? They celebrate the birth of a Luna?" 
  Lucien smiled. "Luna, and Alpha. Luna's are a bit rarer though, so it usually has its own, special ceremony."
 "What's the ceremony?"
 "The Alpha will go to the riverbank, alone, and hold his newborn up in the air, thanking the Moon Goddess for a female pup."
"So, what if the original leader of the pack was a Luna?"
 "Then her husband, or possibly, her wife will do it. I don't know why, though. I've never questioned it."
 "Oh...so has that happened here? With a King?"
 "Not yet. As I said, I am one of seven Alpha Kings. There is a King for Europe, Asia, Africa, South America, Antarctica, and Australia. We hold meetings every five years, and with them, their families come. I have never seen an older sister amongst them." 
 I frowned. "I think there will one day be a Luna Queen," I said. 
 Lucien shrugged, an easy smile on his face. "I think so too. Men can't reign forever." He tucked the paper back into the compartment, where I could see stacks of the same type of paper hidden.
 "Why do you hide them all?" I asked, reclining back in his chair.
 "Because these papers are old and important. If anything were to happen to them, they could be used against me, or against any important members of my pack." Lucien explained. 
 "Is it really that hard to be Alpha King? You have no help?" 
 Lucien shrugged again. "I have Conner helping me most of the time. Usually, it's the Alpha and the Beta that do the forms and other paperwork. The Luna and Beta Female have good relations with the pack, and are usually the more trusted two in the ranks." He said.
  I fidgeted slightly, memories of Logan's visit in my dream haunting me. 
 I pressed my cold hand against my stomach, the icy feeling trickling through my skin, soothing the raging stomach ache inside of me. I didn't eat anything bad; I know that. Breakfast was simple, lunch was easy, and dinner was hardly anything. 
 Lucien was uncharacteristically on edge today. He hadn't stopped moving since he woke up. Even in bed this morning, all he did was move his legs underneath the sheets. He'd paced all day in his office, tapping his feet or humming an unknown rhythm to himself. His eyes flickered from gold to black, Caspian seemingly talking to him repeatedly.
Lune was quieter today, just as I was. She hardly spoke a word to me, and when she did, it was usually a reassurance for something that I had no idea of. 
 The doors to Lucien's office banged open, and Alexander and Valentin ran in, a younger boy behind them. He had dark hair and dull yellow eyes. His body was slim with malnourishment and his arms dropped limply at his side as he walked.
 "Alpha! They spoke! Alain got them to speak!" Valentin cried. He looked so ecstatic that he almost didn't notice me sitting in Lucien's chair, or that he was speaking to me.
 "Uh...I think you have the wrong person, Valentin." I mumbled. Valentin looked at me, then looked around the room, finally noticing Lucien laughing on the side. He made a face. "Oh, sorry. I thought you—He usually sits there..." 
 Alexander covered his mouth, and even the boy by him looked like he was trying not to smile.
 "Eh, it's okay." I stood from Lucien's chair, stepping aside to let him sit down. 
 He shook his head. "You can stay sitting. I'm fine standing." He turned to look Alexander in the eye. "What happened? What did Alain do?" 
 Alain. So that was his name. I caught his eye, and Alain smiled shyly at me. I smiled. He was a cute kid.
Raleigh! We have a mate! Lune chastised in my head. 
 I scoffed. I know Lune! I'm just saying that I think he's cute! There's nothing wrong with that. Lune grumbled.
I'd advise you to not look at Lucien right now. She grumbled. Something low vibrated from Lucien's chest, and I had a feeling he knew what I had just conversed with Lune.
 "Alain was able to get Darius and David to talk. And boy did they talk." Valentin supplied. 
 Lucien forced a smile. "Did he?" He looked down at Alain. "Nice work, kid. Once I find the right papers, I'll admit you into my pack."  
 Alain looked as if he were having trouble hiding his happiness. "Thank you, Alpha." He thanked softly.
  Lucien nodded briskly. "You're welcome. Now, what did they reveal? Did you block their mind-links?" 
 "Yes, Alpha. They had no contact with any wolf apart from Alain." Alexander vouched. 
 "Ranveer was inside the cell with Alain. He recorded everything in private," Valentin added. 
 Lucien nodded sternly. "What did he say?" He asked. 
 Alexander opened his mouth, then I saw his pale eyes flicker over to me. I shuffled uncomfortably on my seat, and Lucien noticed. 
 He growled. "She's your Luna. What is wrong with her knowing the affairs of the pack?" He snarled.
  Valentin visibly gulped. "N-Nothing, Alpha!" He stuttered. "Ah—as we were saying, Darius and David backed Alain up. Nobody has ever seen the Rogue King, and he did insinuate the attacks against you and your mate. He had one of his allies, an unnamed wolf, kidnap Raleigh. He plans to do something with her, but Darius didn't specify. No amount of silver could make him tell us, and Ranveer used a lot." 
 I felt a shudder run down my spine, and immediately, Lucien's arms were around me, rubbing up and down my arms in comfort. In reassurance. 
 "He will not touch anybody in this pack, is that clear," Lucien ordered ferociously. "Be it an Omega, or be it your Luna, he will not harm anyone in my pack, in my territory, in my kingdom! War is inevitable at this point—he will call one to get what he wants." Lucien squeezed my arms. "The only question is: what? What does he want so desperately? I left him alone, we didn't bother each other for more than two decades!"
  A buzzing, irritating hum cantered throughout the men in the room, and I surreptitiously wiggled my way out of the room.
The air in the room was thick and tense with anger and confusion. Why did the Rogue King, suddenly, out of nowhere, decide to begin attacking Lucien's pack? What had he done to the guy? The Rogue King, whoever he was, was lucky Lucien hadn't killed him when he had the chance to.
 I ended up wandering to the kitchen, my hunger getting the best of me. I found the situation hilarious because I was usually never hungry. I pulled out my dinner that I didn't want to finish earlier and heated up the wormy noodles. 
I pulled the step-stool from underneath the kitchen island and poised it right by the closed oven door. Grabbing onto a cabinet handle, I propelled myself onto the step-stool after a few misplaced footsteps and a couple of jabs to my stomach to breathe.
 Once the noodles were heated, I grabbed a fork from the drawer by the sink and jumped onto a white stool, stabbing my fork into the noodle bowl. Lucien had given me his computer to use in the morning, so I used the opportunity to watch some movies.
 I clicked on the original movie I had been watching, The Raksha's Reign, and continued the series with a happy hum. The movie was about a teenage girl who was kidnapped at a young age and sent to a camp with other girls to be groomed. They are rescued by the Orc and Naga kings and are sent to work in the Raksha King's palace. There, the main character becomes the eye of the Raksha king, and soon becomes his mate, but his ex-wife appears and tries to ruin his new life.
 I think I only liked the series for the fact that the girl, Divya, was just like me. She had muscular dystrophy, and she also had insecurities about herself. Shari, the king, was able to show her how beautiful she was...and the sex in the movie wasn't very bad either.
 Lucien would probably be upset if he found out I was watching the erotic meetings of animated characters, but I couldn't help myself. Divya was a naturally curious character, and if I wasn't into werewolves, I definitely would have gone to find myself a rakshasa like Shari. 
 Season 2 had just come out, in which Shari's ex-wife and also cousin, Casey, comes back, which is the problem because she was supposed to be dead. 
 I watched the characters interact with each other in awe, and as the bedroom scene approached, I found my stomach tightening with anticipation. Warmth pooled between my legs and a pumping, pounding feeling thumped inside of me.
The doorbell behind the foyer rang, and with a quick glance upstairs, I rushed to answer it. I peeked out the window, Cindy's blue orb peeking back at me. With a laugh, I shoved the warm feeling that had been pooling in my stomach aside and opened the door. Cindy's hands were on her hips.
 "What? Do you not know who I am?" She teased. 
 I rolled my eyes. “I know who you are. I just wanted to make sure it was you. Stranger danger. Duh. Never heard of it?"
  Cindy shrugged. "That's true." 
 I led her into the kitchen and put my plate in the sink, rolling my sleeves up. I had been too lazy to shower that night, only washing my bottom. My day clothes still stuck to my skin, the salt from the parrying activities I did that stayed dripping like dry sand, crawling on my brown skin.
 Cindy eyed me as I worked, reclining on the stool I had been sitting on. 
"Where's Lucien?" She asked. 
 "He's upstairs with Valentin, Alexander, and this new boy, Alain," I explained.
  Cindy whistled. "Alain, huh? He's cute, don't you think?" She asked playfully.
  I shrugged. "To you, maybe. I personally like older guys." I answered. I aired the wet bowl out for a few moments, then I grabbed a dishtowel and smeared the inside of the bowl with the rough textured cloth. 
 "I guess it makes sense, considering Lucien is a hell of years older than you," Cindy commented dryly.
  I shook my head and slid her a wet glass of water, which she took.  "Will you be going into heat, too?" I asked curiously. 
 Cindy glanced at the laptop. "Uh...yeah. I don't know when it is, though. Probably sometime this week." She said. "You watch The Raksha's Reign?"
 "Yeah. Do you." I asked eagerly. 
 She grinned. "Uh...duh? Obviously! Shari is, like, the cutest guy there!" She squealed.
  I rolled my eyes fondly, taking the seat next to her. "He is good looking, but I think I can relate more to Divya, especially because of her disability," I said.
  Cindy nodded. "You and Divya are alike in more than many ways. Both of you are beautiful, stubborn, and have very loving mates." She said. 
 I shrugged. "So we are. I wouldn't trade Lucien for anyone though, not even Shari. Divya can keep him. I'm perfectly happy with my mate." 
 Cindy smirked. "Are you guys gonna get down and dirty for heat?" She asked. 
 I wrinkled my nose. "Down and dirty?" I repeated questioningly.  
 Cindy shook her head. "Romantic! Sex! Do you really not know what that means?" She asked, sounding appalled.
 "I know what sex is, Cindy. I just didn't know the other variations for it." I explained. I dropped my cup onto the counter with a sigh. "And I don't know. I want to, my body and my mind have both been craving his touch...but on the other hand..." I faltered, and Cindy's cold hand gently squeezed mine.
 "You know that Lucien loves you, right?" She asked.
  I frowned. "Of course! He's told me multiple times that he loves me!" I affirmed.
  Cindy stroked my cheek, as a mother would consoling a weeping child. "Then trust him, and trust in his love. Lucien loves you for who you are. He doesn't give a damn about what you look like. Hell, he'll even lock himself up in his office and destroy everything he owns if you're not ready—!"
 "I am ready!" I blurted. "I am! I'm sick and tired of waiting! I need this! I'm craving this! For once, I want to make love with the man I love just like every other adult my age! I want to feel what they feel! Know what it means to have minds sync together!" 
 Cindy smiled knowingly as if she had caught me. "Then what are you so nervous about? Lucien loves you, you're ready for this. What's the problem?" 
  I sighed. "I—What if he sees me and is...repulsed." I shivered.
 Cindy rolled her eyes. "Raleigh, he's seen you nude before. If he were repulsed, he would have shown it. Lucien's not a hiding guy when it comes to what he likes and what he dislikes." She put both of her hands on my shoulders. "Trust me. Everything will turn out fine. And look, by next week, you can join me and probably almost every mated female in this pack in the club."
 "Club? What club?" I asked.
  Cindy grinned. "The 'I am not a Virgin anymore' club." She spelled out. I couldn't help but bark out a laugh, despite the loud voices of angry wolves and the stomping of feet upstairs.
  A slight spark of pain ignited in my stomach and I winced, pressing my hand against it. Come to think of it, Cindy also looked slightly pale. She trembled, and I could see her wincing.
Abruptly, a sharp shot of pain bounced in my belly, and Cindy must have felt it too, for we both cried out at the same time.
  I gripped the counter, and from the rooms above, a loud roar sounded, shaking the house. I struggled to breathe, the pain consuming my body rapidly. Cindy was gripping the marble counter so tightly her knuckles turned white.
"C-Cindy! Make it stop!" I wailed. 
 Cindy looked pained, and she tried to squeeze my hand reassuringly. "Everything will be okay, Raleigh." She winced, and I could hear the men's footsteps growing louder. "W-Welcome to heat! L-Lucien should be here...soon." She groaned, and another spark of pain went through me, shattering me to my core.
  I whimpered, crying out again, and in a flash, the men that were once upstairs were now downstairs. 
Conner had somehow gotten up into Lucien's office without me seeing him, which I found a bit scary, but with heat crawling up my body and devouring me bit by bit, I could have cared less. He scooped Cindy away, a fire ignited in his eyes. 
 Valentin and Alexander both looked like robots, dashing out the door. Howls began to grow in the pack, the sounds growing into roars. The ground shook, and with a whimper, I pulled myself up—
—and into the pitch-black eyes of Lucien. 
 He was trembling as he reached for me, his muscles contracting. His fingers wrapped around my arm, and immediately, a cold feeling washed over me, dousing the flames burning my stomach. 
  Intense need rose in me, and I whined, reaching for him. My insides thumped and pounded, and in the heat of heat, I wanted—no—needed Lucien to touch me. To kiss me. To claim me completely as his.
"Raleigh..." Lucien barely had my name out of his lips before they crashed onto mine. His hands gripped my hips firmly, and in a flash, I was on the counter, the stray plates sitting there shoved out of the way. 
 A moan escaped my lips and I roamed my hands along his broad shoulders, a groan escaping him. His lips pressed needily against mine, the kisses sloppy yet a relief to my body.
  It was as if the ocean waves I used to fear crashed easily against me, the flames easing away, then bouncing back. I closed my eyes for a second, and when I reopened them, we were no longer in the kitchen.
 We were up against the wall by our bed, Lucien's hands under my shirt, my hands gripping his hair. The fire ignited again, and I pressed my abdomen to him, the pleasuring feeling of his hardness against my slit cooling me. 
  Lucien growled, his eyes flickering from black to gold. Caspian wanted control, it was clear, but Lucien pushed him back. Lune remained quiet in my head, whimpering every now and then. My tattoos began to glow, and I knew my eyes were changing too.
 Lune...Can I do this? On my own? I asked shyly. I could feel Lune smile, though it was hard to concentrate with Lucien grinding against me, the pleasuring feelings shooting in and out of me. 
Of course, Raleigh. Lucien is yours, as you are—Caspian! Lune suddenly disappeared, her voice muffled by growls either coming from Caspian or Lucien. 
 I looked back at Lucien; his eyes now completely golden. 
 "Do you want this, Raleigh? Are you ready for this?" He snarled. I could feel his fingers tugging at my bra strap, and the tension in his jeans was becoming unbearable.
  I was too pained to speak, so I crashed my lips to him again, whispering the only words I could manage to say at the time.
 "I'm all yours, Lucien."


Lucien: Chapter 30

  I watched Raleigh dash out of my office as if she thought I didn't see her leave. I knew she left. In fact, I'm pretty sure everyone else knew she left too. Their eyes didn't show it, but I could feel the atmosphere around Alexander calm down. His jaw loosened as if he were unwilling to reveal anything about Darius and David in front of Raleigh. 
 I glared at him. "You do realize I barely have any time to be with my mate, right?" I snapped. 
 Alexander shrugged. "You'll be able to see her later, Alpha. Heat is today, anyway." He said shortly.
  I froze. "That's what's today!?" I shouted, scrambling to look at my calendar. 
 Valentin chuckled. "Yep. Today at six o'clock sharp. I've kept track." He said.
  Alexander gave him a weary look. "You keep track of heat? Why?" 
 "So that I can be with Tara at the perfect time, perfect second, and not a moment too late," Valentin replied. 
 I wiped my hand over my face, sighing. "I knew something was going to happen today," I groaned. 
 "It's only—" Alexander peered at the clock on my desk. "5: 49. You have time."
  Valentin also looked. "Well, 5: 50, now," He grumbled.
  Alain shifted between them. "Um...about Darius and David..." 
 I grunted. "What about them?" I asked, my mind racing. Heat was today, and I hadn't told Raleigh at all! What if Caspian lost control? What if she resented me? What if I hurt her? What if—
 "Alpha." Alexander coughed. 
 I shook my head, not realizing that I had been pacing the whole time my anxiety had been creeping up on me.
 "Huh? Oh, my apologies, Alain. I... got lost for a moment." 
  Alain shrugged. "It is no problem." He said, and up until now, I realized that Alain had an accent as he spoke. A French accent. Maybe I'd ask Alpha Derrick if he'd heard of Alain.
 "What were you saying about Darius, Alain?" I prodded. 
 Alain shuffled on his feet. "H-His eyes. They'd changed color."
 "Who, Darius?"
 "Yes. Him and David." Alain cleared his throat. "When I used to run with them, there was always a hungry gleam in their eyes, both of them orange. Their eyes aren't orange anymore, Alpha. They're violet." 
"Violet, hm?" I hummed. "And you said their eyes were originally orange?" 
 Alain nodded his head, his floppy hair bouncing. "Y-Yes, Alpha. Orange eyes, both of them." 
 Alain looked scared, as if those eyes had scared him before. He hadn't stopped trembling ever since Alexander and Valentin had brought him up here, and he still looked quite shaky. I rounded my desk and put my hands on his shoulders, steadying him.
 "Are you okay, Alain? Do you need to go talk to someone?" I asked worriedly.
  Alain shook his head, lip trembling. “I-I am okay. A bit shaken...but I will be alright." He managed to say. 
 I nodded. "Valentin, take him to Delilah. He'll stay under her care for the time being, until he is at least eighteen." I ordered.
  Alain looked shocked. "How did you know I'm under eighteen?" He gaped.
  I gave him a tight smile. "I can tell a lot of things about you, kid," I said. I gave him a gentle push towards Valentin. "He'll take you to your temporary home, just until all of this is figured out, okay? Valentin, I'll mind-link you anything you miss." 
 Valentin, ever the quiet follower, nodded gruffly and put a reassuring hand on Alain's back, leading him out of the room. The door clicked shut with their departure.
 "I feel for the kid," I said. "Forced to commit murder isn't easy on any conscious." 
  Alexander frowned. "How do you know he was forced? How do we know he's not lying?"
   I shrugged. "Right now, even though he's accepted, he's still on my watch list, but—" I sighed. "Something about Alain reminds me of Louis, and of how he was as a kid." 
   Alexander hummed. "Speaking of Louis and the Luna, word got around the pack of her power, and of his comeback." He said.  
"So soon? Who started it?" I asked. 
 Alexander gave a helpless shrug. "No idea, Alpha. All I know is that the pack knows about the Luna, and what she can supposedly do."
 "What did you hear?" 
  Alexander looked nervous. "I-I heard that she has a blue aura? That she can illuminate and... kill Alphas? That...that didn't sound right."
  I sighed, feeling fatigued.  "I don't know if she can kill an Alpha or not. All I know is that, yes, she can illuminate and she does have a blue aura." 
 I slumped onto my desk chair, and Alexander took a seat in front of me. His dark eyes sparkled and he rested his chin on his palm as if waiting for me to speak.
 "What?"
 "You look stressed." He noted, sounding much like Raleigh had this morning.
  I shook my head, wiping my eyes. "I am. I didn't fucking know that heat was today! I literally have nothing prepared!" 
 "What do you have to prepare? Roses?" Alexander joked. 
 I glared at him. "No. I meant mentally prepare myself." I rephrased. 
 "What do you mean? Why do you have to mentally prepare yourself?"
 "Caspian."
  It was only a name, yet it held so much power to it, that Alexander immediately understood. He bit his lip in thought. "Well, you've controlled Caspian for so many years. You can control him again, right?" 
 I shook my head. "It's not that simple. Caspian is a part of me. He's the feral side, the Alpha side, the side everyone fears. I'm only able to control him because nothing I've done has ever needed his help. Now, with heat, Raleigh is just as much as his mate as she is mine. He has a right to take part in heat, just like I do."
 "Well, what about Raleigh? Doesn't she have, like, an inner voice or something? Power like that doesn't come free. There's always a buddy with that." Alexander suggested. 
  I hummed. "She did mention a voice..." I closed my eyes.
What? Caspian snapped once I had reached him. Always the morning person, he was.
Can you contact Raleigh's inner voice? I asked, ignoring his welcome. 
 Caspian grunted. I've seen her before, dumbass. I can touch and talk to her. Why?
If you let me have Raleigh during the heat, I'll open my walls up so you can mate with her voice. I suggested.  I could feel Caspian frown. 
 Keep talking. He decided. A breath of relief left me. 
It's simple. Let me make love to Raleigh my way, then you can have her voice. Deal? 
 Caspian hummed. Deal...but I want partial control next time you get down and dirty. He argued.
  I sighed. Fair enough.
"What did Caspian say?" Alexander asked.
   I grinned. "He said okay." 
  Alexander smiled.  "See, all you gotta know is how to bait your wolf, Alpha." He smirked.
  I rolled my eyes. "True."
  I heard the door bang open downstairs and, in a few moments, Conner and Valentin were opening the door to my office, both of them looking harried.
 "Sorry! Cindy takes forever to get ready!" Conner panted. He slumped onto a seat, and Valentin nodded to me.
 "I left Alain with Delilah. She said she'd keep an eye on him." He said. 
 I nodded. "Good. Conner, here's what you missed."
  I caught him up on what Alain had divulged to me. Conner paid attention carefully, like a child interested in a school subject. Once I was done, he groaned, leaning back in his seat.
 "Damn. Looks like we're in for more than we bargained for." He cursed. 
 "Not only that, but we still have no motive," Alexander added.  
 Valentin grunted. "I believe it's just a claim to power." He said.
  I pinched my eyebrows. "What do you mean?"
  Valentin pushed himself from where he was leaning on the doorframe. "Power. The Rogue King making his claim. The pain of losing someone can make a wolf go mad. I believe he was aiming to murder Raleigh that day."
 "Then the informant gave him the wrong information, and they killed Logan and Drew instead!" Alexander added triumphantly.  
 Valentin's eye ticked.  "Ah...yes...exactly. The only problem is, who is the informant, and why do they want to kill the Luna?" 
 "If the Rogue King wanted a claim to the power, he would have done that years ago, when he first started that cult of his. No, he wants something else...and he'd even hypnotize his followers into doing so." I said firmly, cutting into their bickering.
 "But why? Why hypnotize Darius and David? Wouldn't they just follow him blindly?" Valentin questioned.
  I rapped my knuckles on my desk.  "Every wolf can change, rogue or not. That's a possibility, no matter how dangerous both of them are, or were. As for the Rogue King—" I stood from my chair, stretching. "That's for another day. It's late, and my mind is all cluttered with different ideas."
  Conner stood with me. "Agreed. Whatever the Rogue King wants, it'll have to wait until the heat is over. He hasn't made a move in a while, and while it is good to be cautious, I am not missing out on heat to overthink about him and his sorry ass." He said. 
 Alexander chuckled. "I'm surprised you aren't in bed already. Don't you and Cindy start early?" He teased. 
 Conner shrugged. "Yeah, but she wanted to talk with the Luna, so I guess I'll wait until heat arrives." He said. 
 Valentin opened his mouth to say something, but his face suddenly contorted into one of pain, and he staggered back instead.  
 Immediately, I was on my feet, but the searing pain shot through my own stomach and I staggered back. Conner groaned, but then his eyes widened. The once dark chocolate eyes now turned pitch black and void. 
"Heat." We all exclaimed as if we were robots being controlled by remotes. I was the first out of my stupor, slamming the door open and dashing downstairs. Cries of pain from the kitchen reached my ears—
—Raleigh's cries of pain.
~*~
 My stomach twisted into that of discomfort, of disgust at not being there for her at the beginning.
  Conner grabbed Cindy forcefully and ran out of the house, Alexander, and Valentin not far behind him. We were all operating on automatic, and Caspian's influence, while still driving me towards my mate, had otherwise disappeared. He, just as we had promised, had left to contact Raleigh's being, just as I hoped.
 The void in my head was unusual. I had been so used to Caspian taking up the space my brain didn't. It was as if a weight had been lifted from my shoulders—er—head. Admittedly, I kind of missed his large presence in my head, but I had no time to dwell on that. Hunger for love, for physical contact, for sex was consuming me.
I knew Raleigh knew of my presence when she caught my eye, her multi-colored orb held captive by my dark irises. I felt myself begin to tremble, and I hesitantly reached my hand out, gripping her arm. 
 She looked up at me, eyes hazy for only a second before the blue glow surrounding her pupil disappeared, the brown color in complete control. I swallowed.
 "Raleigh..." 
 My sense of control, my sense of humanity, faded and I smashed my lips to hers before she could even speak. She reciprocated easily, her body pressing against mine, eager for the feeling of contact that she could grip on. I picked her up, brushing the plates on the table aside. I didn't even care that they clattered onto the ground. All I cared about was my mate, and what I would do to her.
 Raleigh's hands tugged at my hair, beckoning me closer. I complied, my lips finding hers again. A fire ignited in my stomach, and not the painful kind. No. The kind that makes you want to take control. The kind that had been waiting to ignite for so long yet was never given the chance to. 
 Her legs parted easily as if she too were on autopilot. I groaned as she kissed me back, her playful lips teasing me. She and I both knew I wanted control of this game, I wanted to be in command of this night, our night. Her eyes closed, and I took my chance. 
 Using my enhanced speed, I, in a flash, brought us to our bedroom. My lust got the better of me, and instead of the bed, I pressed her against the door, slipping my fingers under her loose shirt. Her hands raked through my hair, her hips grinding against mine, seeking friction. I smirked, pulling slightly away from her. Raleigh groaned, pressing closer. 
"Do you want this, Raleigh? Are you ready for this?" I managed to growl; eyes dark. 
 Raleigh gazed into my eyes, her own foggy. Then, she spoke the few words that I'll never forget.
"I'm all yours, Lucien." 
 That confirmation, that agreement that she was ready, that was all I needed. A snarl tore from me, a feral, agitating snarl, and I crushed my mouth onto hers again. I wanted to be gentle, this was her first time. Yet, all I could think of was her beautiful body underneath me, begging me, holding me. My fantasies got the better of me. This was our night. Our fantasy. Behind closed doors, she was all mine.
 I ripped her shirt from her body, pulling away slightly to look at her. The fabric fluttered to the floor, but I could care less.
 Raleigh shifted on my knee, her arms coming up to cover her chest. She looked away, opening and closing her mouth, and I growled, taking both of her wrists and pinning them on the wall by her head, not sure if they could go all the way up or not.
 "Don't think I didn't hear you and Cindy," I growled. "I know you are the most beautiful woman I have laid eyes on, and seeing you bare is not going to change that. I love you more than anything in this world, Raleigh." 
 I didn’t give her a chance to answer. Gripping both her wrists with one hand, I pressed my lips to hers again, this time, with some more control. She sighed into the kiss, lips pressing needily against mine. The fire ignited once more inside me. She wanted more. She'd get more.
 I wrapped my arms around her stomach, freeing her hands. She automatically brought them up to my hair, squeezing from the roots. My hands trailed down to the elastic of her jeans, pausing. When her head bobbed, I slipped the article of clothing off of her, tossing it with a shrug behind me.
 "L-Lucien!" Raleigh whimpered, and immediately, I kissed her again. The fire in her belly had ignited afresh as soon as I had removed my touch from her skin. 
 I laid her gently on the bed, crawling on top of her small frame. The moonlight dripped from the cracks of the curtains, and I switched the lamp light off.
 "Huh?" Raleigh gasped, and I shushed her with another kiss.
 "This night is going to be about feelings, not about looks." I murmured. I could feel a wave of relief crash into her, thinking that I would be unable to see her now, even though I could. I just wanted to make her feel better, feel comfortable.
  I kissed down her neck, her moans boosting my ego higher than it should have been. My lips traveled along the large tattoo sketched on her neck, and I, wanting to test something out, bit down gently on the mark. Raleigh's body jolted in my arms, and she whimpered. 
 I smirked. "Feel good?" I asked, my voice barely above a husky whisper. 
 Raleigh's breathing was slowly becoming labored. "Y-Yes...please...don't stop!" She begged.
  I kissed her temple. "Don't plan on it, love," I promised. I pushed my knee between her legs, rubbing the rough jean cup against her underwear. She gasped, her head pushing back on the bed. 
 I was afraid of having sex with Raleigh, for the most part, that I'd unintentionally hurt her, but surprisingly, she was able to do a lot, as long as she stayed on her back.
  I kissed down her stomach, leaning up briefly to slip my shirt off. I tossed the cotton shirt by the window, caring less if it had gone out of the open frame. 
 The bra Raleigh was wearing was luckily a clip-on, and I thanked the Moon Goddess for Cindy's help. I could feel some of my wolf side coming out, the claws replacing my nails on my hand. 
 Raleigh didn't even flinch, however. Her tattoos glowed, and with curiosity, she dragged her soft hands gently on my bare chest, the action drawing shivers out of me.
  I gripped her hand as it reached the waistband to my pants, and she looked warily at me as if she had done something wrong. I kissed her again, my hand snaking behind her back.
 "This whole night is going to be about you, and you only. No objections." I ordered. I held her hand, placing in on the wrinkled, messy mattress gently. I straddled her body lightly, as to not crush her with my weight. 
 With a snap, the clips on the bra loosened, and I tossed the lacy fabric aside, just as I had done with all of the other clothes. I bent down, my lips grazing over the sensitive skin of her light brown breasts. She shuddered, convulsing slightly underneath me.
 "Lucien—!" She gasped. Her hands roamed my back, and with a growl of agitation, I kicked my jeans off, both of us now left in our underwear. 
  I kissed any bare skin that I could, the pad of my thumb rubbing gently over her erect nipple. She squirmed underneath me, and it killed me not to be able to see her face, but I wanted to do this right, make her first time perfect. 
 I kissed my way down to her underwear. Hooking my teeth to the top of the silk cover, I pulled the article down. Raleigh, suddenly conscious of what I had done, squeezed her legs together. With a snarl, I looked up at her, prying her legs apart again.
 "What did I say?" I asked sharply. 
 Raleigh bit her lip. "I...I..." 
 I slipped my finger over her wet slit, and she gasped, her eyes rolling back. I smirked. "You are gorgeous, Raleigh. I want you to remember that, or, just as I had promised, I'll make you scream it." I snarled.
  Slowly, I pressed my finger into her opening, and she easily clenched around me. She was biting her lip, suppressing her moans. I clenched my jaw, pressing my finger harder and kissing her lips strongly. My tongue swiped at her mouth, and I didn't even wait for her to give me permission this time. 
 I easily won over her own, hazy tongue, claiming her as mine. My body throbbed, and in my hunger, I pushed another finger inside of her, her body once again clenching. She squeezed against me, gasping and moaning. I pressed my mouth all over her body, until finally, I pulled my fingers out, bending like a predator ready to pounce at her entrance. 
 Cautiously, I licked my tongue over her very wet entrance, and with a cry, she lifted her hips up. 
 Growling, I pushed them back down, the wolf inside me prowling and clawing for relief. Every cry I pulled from her was worth it, every hazy look of her beautiful brown eyes feeding the hunger of the predator inside of me. 
 I sized her up, my boxers now joining the pile of ripped clothes on the ground. I stroked my claws down her body, over the slope of her stomach and the wet mound between her legs. My scent was fresh on her skin, and shakily, I pressed a kiss to the base of her throat.
 "Are you ready, Raleigh?" I asked softly. Tears wet the corners of her eyes, and with my thumb, I gently wiped them away. I laced my fingers with hers, knowing her arms couldn't reach up to my shoulders. Her hand traced over my muscle, just as she had always done. Finally, she sighed, peering up at me from under her beautiful lashes.
 "Yes...Just...go slow, please?" She asked quietly. 
 For the first time that night, my kiss to her was not hurried, but slow, sweet, assuring.
 "I promise, I'll go slow. If it hurts, tell me and I'll stop, you hear me?" I cupped her chin. "I won't take any offense if you can't take it, okay, sweetheart?"
  Raleigh took a shallow breath. "Y-Yes...I understand." She said, just like a good student.
  I smiled.  "Perfect. Oh, and—" I dragged my thumb over her lips, her mouth parting. "Let me hear you, or next time, I'll make sure to teach you a lesson." 
 She smiled, a giggle escaping her, and I stole a gentle kiss before lining myself up with her. Being hard all day didn't help my aim, and while I just wanted to slam against her, I knew I had to take it slow. For her. 
 Carefully, I pressed my tip against her entrance. She breathed heavily, but as soon as I understood that she was okay, I slowly entered her. Her walls squeezed around me, and she cried out, just as I had told her to.
 "Lucien!" She screamed. 
 I cooed at her, pressing little by little until I had managed to lock myself inside her. I pressed kisses around her face, her lips, her neck. Biting down gently, I recited the phrase my mother had told me for immortality, a wave of power coursing through me.
 "You're amazing." I murmured. "Beautiful." Kiss. "The best thing that's ever happened to me." Kiss. "The only one in my life."
  I slowly began to move in her, rutting against her body. Looking down at her, her sweaty face, messy hair, hazy eyes, she was the most beautiful piece of art that I had ever seen, and I never wanted that to change. 
 I could feel myself close. Raleigh too. Her face had twisted to one of immense need, and she pressed her hips up. Quick and easy, with a sharp cry from the both of us, we came. The hot rush flushed from my body, and I nearly lost my sanity then and there.   
 The warm liquid splashed onto the sheets, as well as partially onto Raleigh's stomach, but neither of us cared. Fatigue crawled upon us and I slipped out of her, bouncing to the side of the bed. I pulled her limp body into my arms, stroking her gently. She nuzzled against me, sighing. 
 After a few moments of well-needed silence, I spoke up, knowing that we couldn't just sleep like this, despite Caspian, who had come back, wanting to.
 "Are you okay? I didn't hurt you, did I?" I whispered, my hand brushing over her breast. 
 Raleigh sighed again. "No... you were perfect." She mumbled.
  I chuckled. "You are really boosting my ego tonight." I joked.
  She smirked. "You made me feel beautiful, Lucien." She murmured. "I... I love you, so much." 
 My mouth dropped, my previous sentence flying out the window. My heart stopped then began to race again. 
 "W-What?" I gaped. "What did you say?" 
 She smiled, forcing her heavy eyelids open. "I love you, Lucien. And I'm positive of that." She repeated. 
 It took me a moment to process everything, but once I had, I swung her into my lap happily, kissing her red, bruised lips again. Raleigh giggled into the kiss; her naked body sprawled on top of mine. 
 "I can't believe it." I gasped. "You love me?"
  She grinned, her eyes now glowing a faint blue. "Yes, yes I do." She snuggled against me. "I was a fool not to realize it before, and I know tomorrow you think it'll be because I'm on a sex high, but I'm not. I know for sure that I love you and that I trust you. I trust you with my life, scarily enough."
  Emotions got the best of me, and I kissed her all over her face, bringing bubbling laughter from her throat. 
 Raleigh fell asleep shortly after. Being her first time, I knew she was exhausted, yet, I wasn't. Maybe it was the fact that she had told me that she loved me. I was still elated about that, and so was Caspian. He bounded around my head like an excited puppy, though I wouldn't tell him that. He'd become snappy if I did, and I'd rather not have my mood spoiled. 
Of course, it had to be spoiled anyway.
 I had just finished cleaning the bed sheets (which took a while, considering I had a huge bed and I didn't want to wake my mate up). I knew laundry with the other wolves would be embarrassing this week, considering everyone would be bringing sheets soaked with sex liquid, along with some blood from Raleigh, it being her first time. 
  I'd decided a shower could wait, though I did use the bathroom. I also wiped myself and Raleigh clean, because nobody wanted to wake up sticky tomorrow. 
As soon as I was getting comfortable in bed to sleep, Raleigh tucked in my arms, I felt my walls being poked at, and not by Caspian.
What? I snapped.
  There was a cough, then I heard Ranveer's voice. Sorry for linking at this time and day Alpha, but there's something you need to know, now. He said, sounding desperate. 
 I groaned. What is it? I asked. 
 Ranveer gulped, and from the depths, the link went to, I could hear Everest vaguely talking to someone.
Well? I don't have all night, Ranveer. I snarled. 
 Ranveer sighed. It's them. We...Everest and I... we found them...
Who? Who did you find, Ranveer? I asked in fury at the late mind link lying underneath my tongue. 
 Ranveer swallowed. The ex-Alpha and Luna. We found Raleigh's parents. 


Raleigh: Chapter 31

 The house Lucien had led me towards was an old, Victorian type house. It looked like a haunted house I'd seen in movies Logan and I would watch on Spring Break. 
 The curtains were drawn, and there were more than enough wind chimes ringing on the front doorstep. The wood looked carved out of—evidence of a hobby gone wrong. The lawn was unkempt and dry, the grass stalks sagging sadly. The porch steps were in desperate need of a fix and the whole house creaked with every gust of wind.
"Where did you say we were going, again?" I turned, having to crane my neck up to look at Lucien. 
 He shrugged. "Ranveer and Everest said they found your adoptive parents. Let's hope it wasn't a joke. We might get some clues from them about Darius and David." He said.
  I sized the large house up again. "Won't they be mad at you?"
 "Probably your dad. I never met your mom." Lucien agreed. 
 I frowned, deciding against tasting those words on my tongue. Mom. Dad. They were foreign to me, yet at the same time, I can vaguely remember someone prodding me to call them that.
 "Are they still..." I left my sentence dragging, hoping Lucien got the hint.
  Again, he shrugged.  "I... don’t know, to be honest. It's been years since then, but hopefully, Ranveer and Everest were able to get more out of them than I probably will." He squeezed my hand. "Ready to meet them?" 
 I shuffled on my feet. "Kind of? I want answers, but I doubt that they'll have any, considering everything was a shock to them." I said.  
 Lucien nodded. "Everest had some insight on the kidnapping, but he wasn't exactly sure himself. I'm starting to think that he was part of the Rogue King's pack, just drugged of some sort." He said. He suddenly lifted me into his arms and jumped up all four of the steps, landing perfectly on the broken porch. 
 I glanced from my mate to the wooden steps. "Why did you jump over them?" I asked.
  Lucien smirked. "Try touching it." He suggested. 
 He held my arm, and I leaned over the porch, touching my sneaker gently with the top floorboard. The wood creaked, and a crack appeared as if my foot weighed more than the step (it did not). 
Lucien turned to the door and rapped his knuckles gently on the dusty glass. Something crashed inside, and in a few moments, Everest was at the door, his arms wrapped around me. 
 "Nice to see you again sis! You won't believe who we-" Everest paused, sniffing my hair. He sniffed my neck, his eyes zeroing on the mark on my pulse point. Behind him, both Lucien and Ranveer looked like they were trying not to laugh.
 "You...He...!" Everest's eyes darkened and he glared at Lucien. "Seriously? You could have asked me first."
 "Ranveer didn't ask Raleigh." Lucien pointed out, sounding smug. Everest sputtered, and I patted his shoulder.
 "It's okay Everest. I'm not hurt or anything." I chided.
  Everest grumbled under his breath. "Not yet you aren't."
  Ranveer and Lucien both laughed out loud, and I blushed. Everest looked confused.
 "What? What did I—!"
 "Raleigh?" 
 I turned at the sound of my name, and standing in the doorframe, purple eyes wide with disbelief, was a woman. She looked to be in her forties, perhaps older. She had dark black hair with a few grey streaks. She walked straight, despite her age, and her clothes were shredded slightly. Tears welled up in her eyes as she neared me.
 "I-Is it really you?" She whispered.
  I felt a clog in my throat. "I... Yeah...it is me..." I managed. 
 She stared at me for a moment, then, as the tears spilled freely from her eyes, she held me in her arms, squeezing tight, as if I were to slip from her grasp should she let go.
 The best I could, I returned her hug, emotions swelling through me. I didn't look a tad bit like my mother. It makes sense why I was adopted and all. But I could have cared less. She may not have been my immediate family, but she still took me in when I needed it.
"April! What's taking you so long to answer the—" 
 The man's yelling stopped abruptly when I caught his frame in the doorway. He caught my eye, and as quickly as he did, he looked away, glaring at Lucien.
 "Alpha King." He spat. "What are you doing here?"
  Lucien shrugged, gesturing slightly towards me. "I'm introducing your daughter to her family." He said nonchalantly. 
 The man at the doorway, who I presumed to be my adoptive dad, froze. His eyes raked over me as if he were looking for the similarities. As if he didn't want to believe what he saw in front of him.
 "It is her, Tiger! Look!" 
 Tiger, huh? Odd name for a man, but then again, I was named after North Carolina's capital. 
 My mom, April, tugged my arm out, pointing to a mark on my wrist. For a split second, I froze, hoping she wasn't gesturing to a hickey I had gotten. I still hadn't located all of them.
 On my wrist, something I had always ignored, there was a small birthmark, the kind many are born with. I didn't think much of it, but my mom also brandished her wrist, which had the same mark. So did my dad, and Everest. Coincidence much?
 My dad stared at my mark for a few seconds, and soon, I found his arms also around me. He was muscular, just like Lucien, but age had changed him slightly. 
 A growl echoed in my head.  If he doesn't get his hands off you in five seconds—
Lucien! I scolded. I glanced at Lucien. He was talking with Ranveer, looking away as if he didn't know I was there. I rolled my eyes.
 "What are you all doing outside for?" My mom asked, still gripping my shoulder. "Come in!" She led us inside, Lucien trailing at the back with my dad. The tension between them was thick, and if he hadn't already noticed Lucien's mark, he would soon. 
 Mom (or April, I didn't know what to call her) led us to a dusty, yet surprisingly antique looking living room. Velvet couches and golden tables! This place was beautiful!
 I sat gingerly on one of the plush seats, Lucien sitting next to me. Everest sat across from me, holding my fingers, and Ranveer sat next to him, looking stoic as ever. My parents sat opposite us, my Dad glaring at Lucien, who ignored him.
 "It's been so long... you’ve grown into a beautiful young woman, Raleigh." My mom said. 
 I blushed. "T-Thank you." I stammered. Her dainty fingers traced over my mark.
 "Is this...." She looked at Lucien. He looked like a deer in spotlights, and she smiled. "It is! Oh...Oh, my baby!" 
 I groaned. "Moving on from that!" I emphasized. My mom grumbled. "How did you guys find them?"
"Well, Lucien sent us on a scouting mission to find some tracks, and on the way, we passed this town. Everest recognized them easily, and..." Ranveer gestured to the room. "Here we are,"
 Dad grumbled under his breath: "A boy and a boy. That's a first."
  Everest looked hurt, and Ranveer growled, but Lucien quickly intervened.
 "Ranveer mentioned you had contact with the Rogue King. Can you—!"
 "No." My dad cut in sharply.
  Lucien didn't even flinch. I guess being Alpha King, you were used to petty arguments.
 "Why?" Lucien asked. 
 Dad shrugged stiffly. "I left that life behind me. My insanity caused me to not only lose my children, but also my status, my pack. I'm lucky my mate wasn't taken from me as well—!" 
  Lucien growled. "Say that again. I know what you were going to say." He snarled. My dad gulped. "I may be a king, and I may have rules to follow, but that doesn't mean I'm ruthless. You know this better than I do that I would never separate a man and his wife!" I could easily sense the tension in the room, and Lune spoke up.
 Raleigh, I'd suggest you cut in. 
What? And say what? Stutter? I snapped. 
 Lune remained firm, however. No! Remember what the Moon Goddess said? How Lucien also has things to hide! It seemed like she was gesturing to the two men as they stood. If your dad keeps going, he might say some things meant to be hidden, and Lucien won't hold Caspian back. 
 I sighed "Guys!" I stood with a roar, and both men turned to me, equally shocked. "Bickering like little kids isn't going to get you anywhere! Either you speak like civilized werewolves, or I'll have Lune teach you both a lesson!" 
 Lucien immediately sat, his eyes a hungry dark color, but my Dad looked petrified.
 "H-How...you...Luna..." He ran his eyes around me again, stopping short at the crescent mark on my cheek. He growled. "I should have known." Lucien opened his mouth, but when he glanced at me, he closed it. 
 I glared at my dad. "Since you want to fight like kids, I'll talk," I said firmly. I noticed my mom giggling from the corner of my eye, and that made me smile. "Dad, we—I need your help. The Rogue King is after my pack, and possibly after me. I need all the information I can get so that we can prevent a war from happening!"
 Dad shrugged, the fear still floating in his eyes. "It's not my problem anymore. He was a menace, and it was a mistake to partner with him in the first place."
  I pursed my lips. "Why did you partner with him, anyway?" I asked. 
 Dad shrugged. "He offered me more power, a position your Alpha never bothered to bestow upon me." 
 Lucien's eyes narrowed. "If you ever did anything worth a promotion." He muttered. 
 Dad stood with a start, and my mom held him back. 
 "Tiger!" She admonished. 
  He glared. "I have no qualms about saying that, Alpha King. Why I give you respect, I don't know. I'm not in your clan of werewolves anymore." 
  Lucien growled. "You're still on my territory, though. I could have kicked you out years ago, but I didn't." He snarled back. My dad remained quiet, and I took the opportunity to speak.
 "Dad, did you ever catch a glimpse of the Rogue King?" I asked.  
  Dad shook his head, his gaze softening as he looked at me. "No. Never did. We weren't allowed to affiliate much, so I don't remember many people." He was slowly opening up, his bottom lowering onto the couch. "There was a couple I remember precisely though. One was a doctor, the other was striving to be an Alpha. He was sent with a mission, and when he returned empty-handed, he was sent to another pack to make up for his mistake and his mate was sent away. I don't know what happened to either of them."
"What about hypnotism? Has the Rogue King used that before?"
 "Sometimes, whenever a wolf wants to turn a new leaf. Especially if that wolf is his best warrior. He tried using it on me many times. That was the cause of my...outbursts, as Everest used to put it."
  Lucien and Ranveer exchanged glances.
 "Do you by any chance remember Darius and David?" Lucien asked, his voice now degraded to a low murmur. 
 Dad hummed. "Yes, Darius I remember. We used to do...so many horrible things together." Dad shivered. "But David...David must have been new. I do not remember him very well."
  I squirmed slightly at David's name, and Lucien noticed. He quickly nodded his head. 
"You don't remember anything about the couple, by any chance?" Ranveer asked.
 "Apart from the fact that they were expecting a baby? No, I don't." Dad said.
  Lucien's eyebrows pinched in thought, I could see Ranveer secretly writing everything down, but so far, we only had a few leads that we could go on, and that seemed to be all that my Dad knew about. 
 "So, both D's wanted to change." Ranveer murmured. "And the Rogue King didn't like that."
  Dad shrugged. "He'd only make them go insane if he wanted something desperately. Whether it be a person or a status increase, I know he'll kill to get that." Lucien frowned.
 "Maybe he wants to be King, but why try and kill me if..." Lucien paused as if an idea had struck him. His eyes dropped to me, and I suddenly felt squeamish. "Unless he doesn't want me." 
 All eyes turned to me.
 "What?" I asked. 
 Ranveer and Lucien looked at each other. 
 "Nothing." Lucien brushed briskly. He looked at my Dad. "Apart from that, it's good to see that your life has turned around, Tiger." 
 Dad gave a small smile. "I tried. I guess, when Raleigh was taken, that was the final straw. My pack was gone, my children were either kidnapped or they ran away, and I was under the control of the Rogue King. It wasn't easy, but with April's help, my life has turned around now." Dad faltered. "And...and should you need any help in the future, with the Rogue King, I will gladly help you. I know I wasn't pledged to you before, but I promise you, for my daughter's future, I am." 
  Lucien smiled. "That's good, and thank you. It...it didn't feel good to strip you of your pack, you know." Lucien admitted.
  Dad shook his head. "No. I am glad that you did. It would not have been right to leave an insane wolf as Alpha." He eyed my mark again. "Speaking of Alpha..." His thumb brushed against the hard bone of my cheek. 
 I blushed. "That's...uh...nothing!" I stammered. Lucien groaned, and everyone in the room laughed, the tense atmosphere loosening drastically.
"Well, it was going to happen at some point." Dad's eyes crawled across the large tattoo on my shoulder. "What's this?"
 "A tattoo. It...it came with the mate mark." I explained. 
 Dad whistled. "Well, you truly are blessed, having the Moon Goddess on your shoulder." He said. 
 I frowned. "What do you mean?" He pointed at a statue sitting on a bookshelf. It was an exact copy of my tattoo, except with pale blues and whites included.
 "That's the Moon Goddess and her in wolf form." He said. Mom brought the statue over, and I peered inside the basket. The baby inside was swaddled from head to toe in blue blankets, but her eyes were wide open. She had beautiful brown eyes; the pupils outlined in a bright blue color. The baby had dark brown skin, and glowing tattoos spread down from her neck to her arms. She was gurgling, but at the same time, power spread through her veins, the dark tattoos traced all over her skin and flickering through her eyes. 
Tattoos just like mine. 


Lucien: Chapter 32
 My mind was swarming with different possibilities as I paced in my office. It was evening, the dusk just brushing against the horizon. Tiger's words about The Rogue King repeated over and over in my mind. Like a song on replay.
The Rogue King only hypnotizes when someone wants to turn over a new leaf...grabs for power 
 I slammed a piece of paper on my desk, a receipt of some sort. So, Darius, and quite possibly, David were trying to start a new life? Well, that wasn't unheard of. Many rogues I've known have changed their attitudes on me, and while only two have backfired, most of them stay loyal to the crown.
 I rubbed at my eyelids, feeling like I was back in the Revolutionary War again. I worked with Henry Knox a lot, along with Alexander Hamilton. They were both up for grabs at power, being the power-hungry men, they were. Helping Washington got them that power, Secretary of War, and of the Treasury. 
 I scoffed. That was all they wanted, power. They didn't care about anyone else, for the most part.
 I felt somewhat like King George, and how he must have felt running a kingdom. Before meeting Raleigh, the thought had crossed my mind to have illegitimate children, at least so that I could have an heir. Now, being fully mated to my beautiful mate, I couldn't think of anyone else carrying my pups except her. She was too young now, no, too young. I'd have to wait a while before I could have someone take over my role as Alpha King.
 I eyed the stack of papers warily on my desk. I had hoped they'd somehow disappear during my pacing period, but to my dismay, they remained, fluttering like a stripper fluttering her eyelashes.
  I snarled. "You are the reason I'm staying in this shitty office, aren't you," I grumbled. I ripped a paper from the stack, glaring at the boxed print.
 "This isn't even filled properly! Where's the signature! Where's the consent?!" I listed the mistakes of the pack transfer out loud, unaware of the footsteps reaching my door. 
 "I mean—Come on! Does nobody understand when I ask them to send me a pack transfer a year before they actually transfer! What, do I not have a life? Do they really think I sit in my office and brood with piles of paper the whole day?!"
  I looked down abruptly, then at the stack. "Okay, forget I said that, but you get the point! Those Alpha's have a bunch of free time, and me? I can't even enjoy a vacation with my family! I'm lucky I even mated without any interruptions—!"
 "Uh...Should I let you continue?" A knock sounded at my door, and I swirled on my feet, nearly tripping over them. Conner raised an amused eyebrow at my pacing, his eyes scrolling over me.
 "N-No!" I coughed. "What's up?" 
 Conner shrugged, shutting the door to my office. "Just wanted to talk to you, friend to friend. Oh! Also, Greg left something here, so he'll be coming in a few days to pick it up." He said. 
 I groaned. "Of course, he left something here," I grumbled. "What was it?"
"I don't know. He told me not to look. All I know is that it's a piece of paper." Conner said. 
 I sighed. "It's probably some document. I have a bunch to fill out." I said, gesturing to my pile of papers.
  Conner whistled. "What are the majority of them?" He asked. He slipped into the plush seats opposing my own chair.
 "Pack transfers. I tell them every year: if you want to have someone transfer, fill the form out a year before they do so. Do they listen? No! It's like I don't have a life!" I ranted. 
 Conner reached into the stack. "Whoa! This is some old shit! 2019? Really, Lucien?" 
 I felt flushed. "I... well...I have no excuse for that." 
 Conner flipped through the mini booklet "Did she ever transfer?"
 "Who?"
"...Carrie Delwood."
 "Um...I think so? I don't keep track." I leaned back in my chair, my messy hair tumbling in waves behind the seat. 
 Conner flipped through another packet. "Do you need help with some of this?" He finally asked. 
  I shrugged. "Nah, it'll be good. What about you? How's Cindy?" 
 Conner looked away at the mention of his wife. "She's...okay, I guess. She's been really sick these days." He explained.
  I frowned. "What do you mean?"
"Like, she's been vomiting a lot, and she's also been very moody, along with weird food cravings and a need for massages." Conner shivered. "I don't understand. It's been months since heat! Why is she acting like this?" 
 A small smile made its way to my lips and I rocked in my chair. "Have you ever considered the possibility that—oh, I don't know, she's pregnant?" I asked.
  Conner's eyes looked like they were going to bug out from his skull.
"What? Pregnant? No! We use protection!" He denied. 
  I kept the smile on my face. "Oh? Even on heat?" I asked innocently. 
 Conner scowled. "What are you getting at, Lucien? That we conceived a child during heat?" He snapped. 
 I shrugged. "It's a possibility, considering her symptoms are the same as those of a pregnant woman." I watched Conner's face slowly grow ashen, and his eyes widened with either shock or denial, either or. 
 "No... No, it can't be! He nearly cried. 
  I pursed my lips. "Well...did you use protection during heat?" I asked. 
 Conner looked at me as if I were mad. "What? No! Who in the fucking hell has time to put protection on while getting in on it?" He almost screamed. 
 I raised an eyebrow and he paused. 
 "Oh...when...?"
 "I usually just wear one in general." I said. "And what's wrong if she is pregnant? Wouldn't you be happy?"
  Conner sighed, annoyed. He pulled at his hair, similar to what Raleigh would do whenever she was nervous or anxious.
"I mean—yeah! But not now! Maybe in a few years, or even a century, then yes! But I'd like to have some more quality time with my mate before we have a pup!" He looked at me, eyes wild. "How would you react if you found out Raleigh was pregnant?"
"Now?"
"Yes!"
"With my pup?"
"Yes!"
 "Hm..." I stroked my chin. "I'd be shocked, sure, but I'd also be pretty excited. It's not every day that you find out you're going to be a dad." 
 Conner looked nervous.  "Oh...really? You'd think that, even if you walked downstairs right now and she told you?" He asked, voice shaky. 
 I stood from my chair, and Conner sat. "Conner, breathe," I instructed. "Yes, I would be immensely happy if I walked downstairs right now and Raleigh told me she was pregnant. I'm sure you would be too." 
 Conner took laboring breaths. "Y-Yeah...but I don't want to be a father right now! I have so many things I have left that I want to do in life!"
"Having a pup doesn't prevent you from not doing any of that. In fact, it gives you more companions."
  "Oh, so you want me to include my kids while I'm doing my wife?"
 "What?!" I blurted. "No! Definitely not! Besides, you think my parents didn't have sex while my siblings and I were here? Of course, they did! Granted, it was at night, but they still indulged in their pleasures while taking good care of us." I grumbled under my breath. "Well, at least my Mom was a good parent."
 "I-I just don't want to talk about it," Conner said after a while. "I don't want to worry myself about having a pup, and I'm sure Cindy's just feeling under the weather. She'll be fine soon."
  I chewed my bottom lip, debating whether I should counter that or not, but decided against it. 
"Anyway...are you still thinking about what Tiger said?" Conner asked, easily diverting the topic.
  I nodded. "Yeah. I have a feeling, ever since seeing that statue, that The Rogue King isn't after my title." 
"He's after Raleigh," Conner finished. 
  I huffed. "As much as I hate to say this, yes, I think he is. The only question is, why? Is it her power?" 
 Conner looked confused. "If it is, then what could he do about it? It's not like he can squeeze the power out of her. And to what avail? There has to be an alternate reason."
 "But what? Sure, we get the fact that he wants my mate, but then what? You have a point there. The road just stops. Does he just want her?" 
 Conner snorted, sneering. "Highly unlikely, Lucien. You know The Rogue King only takes something when he's making a claim to power." 
  I worried my lip. "A claim for power? But how would Raleigh help him? Do you think he would hypnotize her against me?"
 "Possibly. But that wouldn't kill you. Drive you away, maybe, but kill you? No." Conner tapped his fingers on my desk. 
 "What about the informant?" I suggested. 
  Conner looked up. "The informant...what could the informant do?" He asked.
 "Probably tell him about all the secret entrances or when we're out. He played coy, killing Drew and Logan like that...but I don't think he wanted them."
  Conner's eyebrows pinched. "What do you mean?"
"I mean—remember in the cells? When we were interrogating them? Alain said that they were ordered to kill anyone that stood in the way of their prize—"
"Logan and Drew." Conner finished with a gasp.
  I nodded grimly. "Exactly. They weren't after Drew and Logan specifically. They were after the Alpha Palace, my house, either for me or for Raleigh. Unfortunately for them, their informant didn't know we wouldn't be there."
"Or maybe they did, and only killed Logan and Drew to rattle us up? I don't know anymore!" Conner slumped on his seat. "If only we knew what the Rogue King looked like, but not even his disciples know how he looks!"
"Alain did say his own mate doesn't know him." I hummed. 
 Conner sneered. "Bullshit. I'm sure that was a fib." He stretched. "Speaking of Alain, how's the kid doing?"
"As well as he can with Delilah," I said, smirking. 
 Conner grinned. "Putting him with Shawn's kid already?"
  I shrugged. "She's single, he's single. They're both of age, and Delilah does help run an orphanage."
 "Could Alain be the informant?" Conner asked suddenly. 
 I shook my head. "No. He just came here. And even if he was, the patrol would have caught him spying. No, it's not Alain." 
 Conner snapped his fingers. "Shit. I thought we were close." 
 I leaned back in my seat, cracking my wrist. "If the Rogue King does plan on calling war, we'll need to be prepared. We'll also need to find this informant of his."
 "Hm." Conner picked up a manila folder on my desk. "Who's is this?"
"Lucinda's pack transfer, I believe."
"Really? Where's the Alpha signature?"
"I don't know. Probably blurred over time." 
  Conner squinted at the fine print. "No... doesn’t look like any handwriting is underneath. Just looks like blotted ink."
"What?" I snatched the paper from his hands and scrolled the paper, eyes casting on the line. True enough, with a squint of my eyes, there was no signature on the text, instead scribbles of nonsense. 
"Is it forged?" Conner asked quietly.
  I touched the ink carefully, the page blooming under the sweat of my thumb. "No... you’re right. There is no signature."
"So, she's an illegal pack member?"
"Looks like it."
"Wren too?"
"No, not Wren. I have her transfer." I grunted, pulling Wren's transfer paper out. Clear as day, the signature of Alpha Jaxon stood out of all the signatures on the page. 
"Where is Lucinda now?" Conner asked, his voice taking on a hard edge.
"She's with Raleigh, last I saw her. Counseling." I murmured." I was still glaring at the text. I couldn't believe Lucinda was an illegal transfer, and I, as the drunken idiot I had been, hadn't noticed.
 "Is it okay to leave the Luna alone with Lucinda?" Conner asked.
  I beckoned him to sit. "Yes, Conner. Wren should be with them, or at least, inside the house. She's safe." I thumbed the print again, still shocked. "I can't believe it." 
 Conner looked remorseful. "It wasn't your fault, Lucien. You—!"
"But it was my fault, Conner!" I shouted, the hours of being trapped in my office taking its toll on me. "If I wasn't sober like I should have been, this illegal transfer wouldn't have happened!" 
 Conner raised his arms to placate me as my vision was fading, Caspian pushing for his release.
"Lucien! Lucien!" He howled. "Lucien, listen! Sure, you made a mistake, but that happens all the time! It was an accident, we move on! It's not like it was a bad choice, anyway!" 
 I calmed at that. "True." I agreed. "It... It wasn't." 
 Flashbacks to all of Lucinda's recent absences from the pack played through my mind, but I ignored it. I didn't want to cause Conner to howl again. 
I slumped back in my seat. "I don't feel like doing any work today! I feel lethargic!" 
Conner matched my expression. "You're telling me! I literally had nothing to do since morning! All I have been doing is listening to Cindy complain!" 
 My lips twitched to bring the subject of parenthood up again, but I bit my tongue. Conner didn't seem too keen on the idea of becoming a parent, and I didn't want to invoke his wolf into our disagreement. 
"How is Raleigh, anyway? I haven't seen her since heat." Conner asked suddenly.
  I shrugged. "She's okay. Quiet, but that's nothing new."
 "She's a pretty quiet girl, isn't she?"
 "Yeah, she is. It's hard to tell what she's thinking of half the time."
 "You don't read her mind?"
"I can't poke her mind all the time. Besides, Lune's been teaching her to put walls up. Caspian told me."
"Lune?"
"Her voice of some sort."
"You don't think it's her wolf?"
"To be honest, I'm not sure. Everything about Raleigh's a mystery." I twirled my pencil between my fingers. "I'm hoping once this Rogue King thing dies down, I'll be able to crack her case."
 "Hm..."
  The raindrops outside knocked gently on the roof above the house and a peaceful silence fell upon Conner and I. He and I spent a while shuffling through some papers, getting transfers done with. It wasn't until the rain began to pour harder when the door to my office slammed open again.
"Honestly! Does anybody knock anymore!" I exclaimed. 
 Alexander leaned at the post to my door, panting and drenched in water. His eyes looked lifeless and scared, and for the first time in my years of knowing him, he slumped in near defeat.
"Alexander!"
  Both Conner and I jumped out of our seats, rushing to my wounded warrior. Alexander groaned, clutching his side.
 "What happened?" I growled. I helped him into a chair, and somehow, the rain began to roar louder.
"H-He wants to see you..." Alexander rasped.
"Who? Who wants to see me?" I snarled. 
 Alexander's breathing became heavy.
"T-The King...The Rogue King..."
~*~
 I don't know how fast I ran, or if I even ran at all. The rain pounded on my back, my shirt soaking easily, but I could have cared less. Alexander was rushed to the pack hospital and Conner ran by me, looking a mix of horrified and petrified.
 The ground underneath me seemed to float away, and I wasn't even sure if my feet were touching the ground. I kept my focus on the Southern border, the place where the patrol had spotted the aforementioned Rogue King. 
 My heart pounded, and with a shout, I instructed women and children inside their houses. To lock their doors. Men joined easily behind Conner, and while a part of me wanted to make sure Raleigh was safe, I knew this chance to meet the Rogue King was one in a million. Besides, she should be safe with Lucinda.
 The place where patrol held the outsider was somehow dry, most likely because of the thickets that made a green canopy above it. By the time I had reached the place, my clothes were soaked to my boxers, and my shoes squeaked, sounding a lot like Raleigh's sneakers.
I couldn't see the Rogue King's face when I reached the dry, shady area. Valentin and Ranveer held him back, his brown hair falling shabbily onto his eyes. His mouth was creased into a frown, from the light of the lightning strikes. His wolf was out, no doubt about that. His clothes sodden and ripped, as if he'd put up a fight.
"This is how you treat your guests?" He croaked. 
  I scowled. "Only unwelcome guests."
  My pack growled, forming a circle around us. Caspian pushed for control, and I was very close to agreeing, but I held him back. I needed answers, and ripping the Rogue King to shreds was no way to get an answer.
"What are you doing on my land? What do you want with my mate?" I snarled. 
 He didn't answer, keeping his head bent. Valentin and Ranveer let him go, and in a flash, I held him by the collar, his eyes still hidden by his shaggy hair. Through the threaded curtains of his dark locks, I could see his golden eyes glaring at me.
"When I speak to you, you answer me, understand," I demanded. I knocked his head up, and as his hazy eyes met mine, I nearly dropped him. Bile rose in my throat as I stared the Rogue King down, his face now exposed to me. Claw scratches bleeding freely on his left eye, a scraggly, untamed beard, box-like face—
—and gold eyes.
My heart pounded, but I clenched my sweaty hand tighter around his neck, refusing to believe he was who I thought—who I knew—he was. 
 He cackled.
"Can't believe it, can you, Lucien?" He snarled. "After all these years, you think I came back for you? For your sister? For your mother?" 
 His throat rumbled, and in a flash, Darius and David were by his side, both of them gone completely insane. Their violet eyes no longer held life to them. They now resembled the beady eyes of a puppet, or of a child's doll.
"I came on good terms, Lucien." He continued. He aimed for a kick at my crotch, and I easily swerved away, dropping his neck in the process. He stood, rubbing the red marks I had left on his neck.
"I'm going to ask one more time," I growled, using my Alpha voice despite knowing who he was. "What do you want with my mate? What do you want with Raleigh?" 
 He only smiled smugly; his lips cracked. Blood seeped out from the crack, and Darius moved to pounce, but The Rogue King held him back.
"Your mate has...unimaginable power, Lucien. And I'm going to take her as mine, get my throne back, whether you like it or not." His eyes softened for a split second. "I must give you credit, however. You came close one too many times to learn the truth of my little...friend, my informant." 
 He laughed, eyes hardening again. "Close. But you just weren't there. Now I really know how stupid you are. You were never meant to be Alpha, and you never should have been."
  He shifted with a howl, bounding into the woods with those parting words. Valentin made a stance to follow him, but I held him back. Ranveer looked confused, especially as to why I looked so pale.
"Alpha?" He asked. Beads of water rolled down all of our faces, but now, I felt like they were saltier, maybe tears? It had been years since I had crossed paths with him, and I hoped I never would again. I had hoped it would be the last I saw him, but it seemed he had other plans for me. "Alpha? Who was that?" 
 I swallowed, looking around at my intrigued pack. My heart felt heavy, and my mind swarmed anxiously. Caspian had reduced to a whimpering mess in my head, too in shock at seeing the man again.
"Alpha! Lucien! Who was that!" Conner demanded. "What did he mean?" 
 I swallowed again, straightening. "The Rogue King...he's my..., my father..."
"What?!"
"The Rogue King. He's my father, Dhoom."


Raleigh: Chapter 33

 "It's raining."
 "Again?"
"Yeah...again." Cindy slammed the cream blinds close and plopped on the couch next to me.
  I poked her arm childishly. "What's wrong?" I asked.
  Cindy huffed. "I've just been feeling...under the weather, you know? And it's not like Conner is helping my mood with that."
 "Why? Where is Conner?" I asked. 
 Cindy grimaced. "We got into a fight this morning, and I haven't seen him since. He's most likely with Lucien. Those two, along with Drew, were pretty close...They still are close."
  I nibbled on my lip. "I'm sure he just needed to get a whiff of fresh air. Lexi used to do that whenever the kids in the orphanage would aggravate her." I suggested. 
"Lexi?"
"Her full name is Alexia, but we call her Lexi for short. She was my guardian, and the main person running the orphanage." I wrinkled my nose. "Well, her and David, but he was never around. Now, I know why."
"What did you think of before?" Cindy asked. 
 I shrugged. "Lexi didn't know this, but David used to...cheat on her a lot. I don't know if I told you, but he tried to rape me...many times." A look of sympathy crossed Cindy's face, but I continued to talk, cutting her off before she could offer me any of it "My life was threatened whenever I would refuse, and the day I met Lucien...that day was supposed to be my final straw." I sighed. "I've never been so happy to leave my book in Jasmine's office." 
 Cindy frowned. "Speaking of Jasmine, where is she?" She asked. 
 I shrugged. "At home, probably. It's raining cats and dogs outside." 
 I glanced out the window. Surprisingly, a couple of muddy pups were still playing in the rain, splashing and jumping in puddles of wet dirt. I shook my head.
"Anyway, you said you were feeling sick? Can you elaborate?" I asked.
  Cindy shuffled on her seat, looking uncomfortable. "Well, it started once heat ended, really. I was making some dinner for Conner when he came home, and all of a sudden, I had this huge urge to throw up." She narrated. "And boy did I throw up! It was a whole—!"
"Excluding your vomiting or anything else gross." I interrupted with a grimace. 
 Cindy giggled. "Sorry. So, yeah, I threw up. Conner had just gotten home, so he was able to help me. At first, we passed it off as the stomach bug, but soon, my vomiting became consistent. I also felt faint a lot, and dizzy and just plain horrible!" She buried her head into a pillow by her head and I patted her shoulder.
"That's it? Did you ask Lucinda?"
"She hasn't been around for a while, and just when she is, my sickness fades. Conner's probably right. It probably is just a stomach bug." 
 I looked away, biting my lip.
"What?" Cindy straightened, noticing my reluctance to speak. "What are you thinking?"
  I shrugged. "I-It's nothing. It's most likely not the case, anyway." I grumbled. 
 Cindy gripped my hands. "No! No! Tell me!" She pleaded. 
 I shifted on my seat, frowning. "I don't want to get your hopes up..." I murmured. 
 Cindy growled. "Raleigh, I swear to the fucking Moon Goddess and back! Tell me!" She begged.
  I couldn't help but laugh, pushing her aside. "Okay, okay." I conceded. "I don't want to beat around the bush about it, so I'm just going to tell you straight. You might be pregnant." 
 Cindy's eye ticked, her face looking as if it had been crashed into by a rock. She didn't move, not for a while, and I thought I had shocked her into a coma until she suddenly burst, her arms moving wildly around her. I rolled my eyes.
"Same old Cindy," I muttered. "Cindy!" 
 I snapped my fingers in front of her face, blue electricity sparking from my fingertips. Cindy's blue eyes glowed, and she stopped moving abruptly as if she was frozen. I frowned, waving my hand in front of her face.
"Uh...Cindy? Cin?" I began to panic. What did I do? Would Conner murder me? How do I fix it? 
 In the middle of my panicking, Lune's calm, eerie voice snapped in my head, bringing me back to reality.
Raleigh! She barked. Relax, Raleigh. Cindy is fine. All you did is hypnotize her to freeze. You wanted her to stop, and all you did was use your power to make her stop. 
 I stared at my hands, not knowing whether to be awed or terrified. H-How do I bring her back? I stammered.
 Lune sighed. Snap your hands again. She ordered. And make sure you're thinking that you want Cindy to move again. 
 I did as I was told, concentrating my shaky thoughts onto my emotions, and onto Cindy's feelings. Soon, I could feel her heartbeat, the thumping resonating clearly in my ears.
  If I listened closely, it sounded as if there was another, lighter beating, like the patter of baby footsteps, but it was too soon to tell if it was a baby's heartbeat. Pushing further might cause harm to Cindy, or possibly, the baby if there was one. 
 Slowly, I felt my eyes open, the blue glow circulating the both of us. I felt power coarse through my hands, my veins pulsing, my hands warm. I focused on my breathing, keeping my own thumping heart at a steady rhythm. 
 Soon, I heard Cindy gasp softly, and I opened my eyes, very aware that they were glowing again. The soft blue light, at my will, slowly faded, and soon, all that was left on the couch where the two of us, panting and breathing heavily as if we had just run a marathon.
"Whoa...what the fuck was that?" Cindy exploded. 
 Laughter escaped me. "I-I did it!" I cheered. "I... I controlled my powers! I know how to control them!" 
  Previous anger forgotten, Cindy moved closer on the couch to congratulate me, a small, tired smile on her lips. Dark circles covered her eye and her patch looked worn as if she hadn't changed it in days. I frowned, putting a pause on my celebration.
 "Have you been sleeping at all these past few days?" I asked quietly. Cindy shook her head, gulping down a glass of water as if that could keep her moving all day. 
 "No... I’ve been up vomiting." She admitted.
  I pinched my eyebrows. "I'm sorry, Cindy. I wish I could tell you if you were pregnant or not, but in the state you're in, and because of how early these symptoms are, I'm worried I might harm you." 
 Cindy nodded. "I understand. I'll just take a regular test sometime this week and see if I am pregnant or not." She licked her lips. "I'm not sure Conner would like that, though."
"What do you mean?" Anger bubbled inside of me. "Why wouldn't he like it?" 
 Cindy shrugged. "He wants to have more 'us' time, if you know what I mean before we have a pup." She said. She groaned. "I'm praying I'm not pregnant, Raleigh. I don't want Conner to leave me." 
 I rubbed her back. "Conner wouldn't leave you. Not over a pup." I consoled. "I'm sure he'd be very happy."
"Would Lucien?"
"What do you mean?"
"If you found out you were pregnant, do you think Lucien would be happy too?" She croaked. Her eye was watering, and she swiped at the blue orb hastily.
  I sucked my breath in. "I'm not sure if I were being honest," I said softly. "I'd be happy, for sure. And I'd definitely keep the baby. Lucien and I... we haven't talked much about having a family. It's in our future, yeah...but we haven't talked about accidents." 
 Cindy sniffled and I realized she was crying. "But that's the thing! Lucien's a romantic! Conner isn't! I know he'll support you, Raleigh, but I can't even be sure about my own husband!" She was full-on crying now, and I felt queasy. 
 I wasn't very good at consoling people, only kids. I didn't know what to say, because I had nothing to say. She was right. I didn't know Conner. All I could do was rub her back, falsely assuring her that everything would be fine.
 Suddenly, howls arose from outside the pack. Angry howls. I caught Lucien's large frame running to the pack lines, and I arose from my seat with a start. 
 Cindy hiccupped. "What is it?" She sniffled. She peeked out the window, then quickly shut the blind, frantic. 
"What? What happened?" I asked. Anxiety crept up my throat, and the howls gradually grew louder, louder into roars. Pups playing on the grass were immediately pulled into their homes by their mothers, and the door to the Beta House banged open. 
 Cindy and I both screamed, but once the soaking frame stepped into the light, our hearts lightened.
"Conner?!" We both exclaimed. Conner didn't acknowledge us. He rushed to Cindy.
"Stay inside the house. Lock the door. Don't come out until we get back. Luna, come with me." He ordered firmly. Both Cindy and I stood there, confused. 
 Conner growled. "There's no time, and this isn't up for debate. Raleigh, let's go." He snarled.
  Cindy straightened. "Is there an attack going on?" She asked.  
 Conner shook his wet head. "No. The Rogue King decided to pay us—or rather—the Alpha, a visit. Raleigh, I need you to come with me, now. Cindy, stay here and don't get out of the house at all." 
 I didn't have a chance to argue before Conner was grabbing me by the arm, hoisting me over his shoulder. I squeaked, but Conner ignored me. He slammed the door shut, then ran the small mile or so to the Alpha house. He pushed me inside the house swiftly.
"Stay inside, Luna. Don't go outside at all, unless the Alpha is with you." He ordered, this time, gentler. 
 I didn't get a chance to reply, again. Conner had already shut the door, his brown wolf scampering towards the woods where the showdown was happening. 
I was left alone in the massive Victorian palace—
—and I was petrified.
 I hadn't been alone in the large mansion before. I was always with someone, mostly Lucien or Cindy. Now, the realization set into me that I was alone...completely...with no one else here, and a completely silent, dark house.
 The floorboards creaked, and I yelped. I scurried to the stairs, silently praying nothing would jump from the shadows and eat me. Hey, if werewolves existed, then surely ghosts could exist too, right?
 Step by step, I climbed as fast as I could up the steps. The wind howled outside, the hallways creaking and shaking, and I felt like I wanted to cry. 
 I hated staying home alone. Ever since I had been introduced to the news and bloody murder, I was completely terrified of staying home alone. Lexi's house had been small, but this was no house. This was a palace with many places to hide in.
 Knowing nobody would be able to see me and my foolish running, I ran as fast as I could to Lucien and I's bedroom, slamming the door shut. The wind howled louder; the floor creaked. My heart raced and tears pricked my eyes.
It's just the wind, Raleigh, Lune tried to console. Don't be afraid. Lucien will be here soon. 
 My lip trembled. I hope so, Lune. I murmured. I was too afraid to speak out loud. What if something heard me. Because of my stupid disability, I had practically no way of protecting myself. I'd be at the mercy of my murderer, which is not something I ever want to happen to me. 
 Lightning struck just by the window and with a zap, the lights to the bedroom, as well as to the packhouses, fizzed out. I struggled to control my anxious heart.
"Okay, heart. Stay calm. Stay...calm..." 
 A door somewhere downstairs slammed open and I screamed. I dove under the blankets, the tears flowing freely now. Lune tried her best to console me, telling me it was nothing, just the wind, but I didn't believe her. I felt scared. I wanted Lucien here, badly. His walls were up, though. I couldn't tell him anything!
 And so, for more than an hour, I lay huddled under the covers, trembling with fear and crying over every lightning strike, which would then cause the floorboards to creak or the door to bang. Lune consoled me nonstop and I knew then that I was lucky to have her with me, even if I didn't believe her. 
 At one point, just as my heart was beginning to calm, and I was beginning to doze, the door to the bedroom slammed open. My heart spiked and I took a shuddering breath. The covers slowly slipped from my body, and to my relief, I caught Lucien's golden eyes through the slim folds of the blanket.
  As soon as the covers slipped from my body, his lips were on mine, persistent yet gentle, as if he could feel my fear. I eagerly basked in his attention; caution thrown to the wind at his soaked clothes. 
"Why are you buried underneath the blankets? You could have suffocated!" Was the first thing Lucien asked once he'd broken our kiss. 
 I blushed. "I... I was afraid...of..." I mumbled the rest, ashamed. Me, an eighteen-year-old girl, was afraid of staying at home alone during a rainstorm. What was I? A baby?
"Afraid of what, love?" Lucien questioned gently. He pushed the dark strands of hair from my face, cupping my cheek. His eyes had flecks of black in them, a sign that he had been holding Caspian back. I badly wanted to ask what had happened with the Rogue King, but I held my tongue.
"I... I don't like staying home alone...it brings back memories of...David at night..." I mumbled. 
"It's nothing to be ashamed of. Not everyone likes staying home alone." Lucien kissed me again. "I'm so sorry. I promise I won't leave you alone again." 
 There it was. Another promise that could easily be broken. I wanted to point that out to him but decided against it. Once again, I held my tongue. 
I swung my feet over the mattress, watching Lucien carefully as he strode to his drawer. A trail of raindrops followed him, but he could have cared less, so it seemed. 
 He, as much as I hated to admit it out loud, looked extremely hot when he was wet. His shirt clung to his chest, outlining all his muscles, biceps, triceps, and any other 'cep' there was. His jeans also clung to his legs, his shoes squeaking as they clicked along the ground. His shaggy hair was speckled with raindrops, all the while soaked to the roots and slapping his forehead. I couldn't help but giggle.
"Finding my predicament funny, huh?" Lucien teased.
  I wiped at my red eyes, smiling. "I mean, yeah. Probably because you look funny when you’re wet, especially with your hair.”   
 Lucien grinned. "Let's test that, then." He strode over to the bed and flung me over his shoulder. His arm held my waist firmly as he carried me to the bathroom.
  I wiggled around his arms playfully. "Lucien! Put me down, Lucien!" I demanded. 
 Lucien smirked. “Whatever my Queen wishes." He agreed. He dropped me onto the high sink, the one place I couldn't hop down from. 
  I glared at him, and he gave me an infuriatingly smug smile.
"What? You said 'put me down'. I put you down." He defended, acting innocent.
  I huffed. "Okay, so now you got me. What are you going to do?" I asked, thinking I had gotten him trapped.
  Unfortunately, Lucien only smiled, pulling his shirt over his head, his back arching forward. 
My jaw nearly dropped. Damn, I was done for.
 I mean, sure, I had seen Lucien shirtless before. Hell, I'd seen him naked before! Yet, every time I do, it's like a new experience for me. As if I'm looking at him through a new pair of glasses if I even wore glasses. 
"I want to make it up to you." Lucien's voice had dropped to a deep murmur even though we were the only ones in the house.
  My stomach flipped in anticipation and I clenched my legs together. I knew that voice. I knew it all too well. It had haunted me for one full night, made me feel like a whole new person. 
 Lucien dropped his drenched shirt on the ground and put his hands on either side of my hips, caging me against him. My breathing faltered, and Lucien gazed into my eyes, his eyes eye level to mine.
"If you let me, I promise to make it up to you...make it up in a way you'll always carry with you..." Lucien snarled. His golden eyes were partially black, and with his deep voice, I was pretty sure that Caspian was speaking with him.
  I could only nod to him, my voice coming out in a whisper. "Make it up to me, Lucien." 
  Lucien smiled gently, yet there was a predatory gleam beneath that smile. His hands snaked to my button-up shirt and slowly, dragging the movement out, he unbuttoned every button separately. He slid the shirt off me with great care, even if I was getting desperate for his touch against me. His lips found my shoulder, kissing the bumps against my arm. I struggled to control my breathing as his lips caressed my tattoo, his eyes closed. 
 The clasp to my bra fell with a snap, the pink article thrown to the other side of the bathroom. This time, I wanted some control. While Lucien's rough hands worked on my chest, I gripped the belt tied around his waist, yanking the latches free. Lucien growled, clearly wanting control, but I refused. Not this time. 
 His jeans fell easily from his strong waist, his belt jerkily thrown onto the floor. I slipped my small fingers under the elastic of his boxers, and with a snarl, Lucien broke away from my shoulder. He lifted me into his arms, the one height where I couldn't do anything.  
  My underwear was off by then, my bare bottom rubbing against the tent of his underwear. Distracting me with a kiss, he threw his boxers off and wrapped my legs around his waist. He stumbled into the shower stall, his lips still on mine as he turned the water on. 
 The hot gush pouring onto my hair was a relief to my shivering body. Lucien and I both basked in the steaming hot water, no words spoken between us. 
 Lucien's hands rubbed gently against my sensitive body, washing me thoroughly. I rested my head against his shoulder, sighing every now and then. His fingers rubbed miracles against my head, my body, my heart. I knew no matter what, that I would always love Lucien, and that was something I wasn't ashamed about.
 "What happened today, Lucien?" I asked quietly, hoping he'd heard me over the roar of the water. I didn't have any energy to speak any louder. Lucien hadn't held back today, not like during heat. He'd given me everything, made me feel like the beautiful woman I wanted to feel like; feel like the woman I could never be.
Lucien didn't answer for a few moments. I thought he didn't hear me at first, but soon, he began to talk.
"The Rogue King decided to show his face today." He said. He swallowed. "He turned out to...to be...my father, Dhoom." 
 I balked. "What? Are you sure?" I asked. Lucien nodded, and I got momentarily distracted by the beads of water rolling down his neck. He coughed, and my eyes snapped up to meet his smug ones. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Are you okay?" I asked instead of teasing him about it.
  Lucien faltered. "I... I’m doing as well as I can be, considering I've been fighting against my own father this whole time." He looked distraught. "All this time...it was him...I-I had no idea..."
 I ran my fingers through his hair. “What do you mean?" I asked gently. 
 Lucien swallowed. "Nothing." He decided. "I don't want you to worry about it. Everything will be fine. I..." He didn't say promise, not this time. Instead, he brushed his voice crack aside, distracting me with his nimble fingers and irresistible smirk. It wasn't until we had made it under the blankets, under the warm glow of the moon, that I found my voice again. 
"What does he want?" I asked. Lucien ran a weary hand through his hair. "And don't you dare say 'nothing' because if it's making you this anxious, then it is not nothing!" 
 Lucien chuckled ruefully. "You remind me of my mother." He said, jesting with me. I glared at him and he backed down. "Okay, okay. He wants you. He says you have the power that he wants to take over as Alpha King...he might even start a war for you..." He looked pained to admit this, and before I could even get a word of confidence out, he pressed me closer to him, as if holding me tight would keep me away from Dhoom's grasp.
"I can't promise you this." Lucien's voice quivered. "But I will try my absolute hardest to make sure my father doesn't get the chance to lay a hand on you. I-I love you too much to let you go...to be used as a toy by him..."
"Lucien—"
"He used us...all of us...he used my mother to become king! He used me to kill unwanted Alpha's! He...he never cared about anyone but himself." 
  The weight of what Dhoom had done to his own son weighed heavily down on Lucien, but instead of crying over it, anger rose in his eyes. The golden orbs flared with fury.
 "I knew he never cared about anyone else." Lucien, or maybe Caspian, snarled. "I won't let him take away anything, or anyone, that is dear to me...that I love. If he wants my crown, he'll have to come to take it from my fucking head."
"Lucien..." 
 I stroked my hand down his chest, calming him. He had every right to be angry but now wasn't the time. Now that we knew what Dhoom wanted, we had to find the informant to make sure he stopped getting any updates. That way, we could surprise him before he even got his grubby hands to touch my skin.
"We need to find this informant, and fast," Lucien growled, ignoring me. "I won't have you leaving my side, not now, not ever. Once we get a hold of this informant, we win. Game over for Dhoom."
"Let's hope so," I mumbled.  
 Lucien stroked my hair, threading his fingers through my damp locks. "How was Lucinda's counseling?" He asked after a while. 
 I sighed. "It was okay. It actually helped a little. It was like she understood my pain, understood how it felt to lose a family member." I shrugged. "But she didn't specify, and I didn't ask. It wasn't my place, and she never asked me. She was a bit...distant though."
"I heard. Probably just family things, or maybe something happened between her and Wren." Lucien shrugged. "Couples fight all the time. Werewolves are no different. I wouldn't be worried about it, sweetheart."
"Okay..." I relented. "Wren did have a nice necklace though. She always has nice jewelry." 
 Lucien looked at me from the corner of his eye, smiling. "Do you like jewelry?"
"Eh, it's okay. She had a necklace like Benedict. A shark tooth." I said. 
 Lucien stiffened. "A-A shark tooth?" He repeated.
  I frowned. "Yeah...why?" Lucien shook his head.
"Nothing...just...nothing." He decided. 
 I was skeptical, but remembering the Moon Goddesses warning, I let it go. Lucien would tell me in his own time, just as I would tell him.
"I heard Greg's coming again. And Tania." I changed the topic, and Lucien winced.
"Yeah...he said he left something here." He said. "I suggested he stay again, and he agreed...a bit too eagerly at that." He grumbled at the end and I laughed.
"I think it's sweet how much he adores you." I teased. 
 Lucien groaned. "Great. I had fangirls, now I have a fanboy." He played along.
  I giggled. "Yeah..."
  Lucien tipped my chin up as I drawled my words out. "Remember, Raleigh. I'm yours, and you are mine. Always. And I'll make sure it stays that way, no matter what Dhoom tries."
  I snuggled against my mate even as anxiety bubbled in my stomach. "I know you will," I said. 
 In my head, Lune sighed. That's a lie, Raleigh. She scolded.
  I licked my lips.
I know Lune, I know.
Lucien: Chapter 34

  A shark tooth.
 Out of all the symbols, a shark tooth.
 I didn't even know what a shark tooth meant!
 Currently, both Greg and Tania were lounging on the couches in my living room, Tania twirling her shark tooth necklace between her fingers. If I looked closely, I was sure it looked like Lucinda's necklace and Benedict's necklace, but I guess they liked shopping from the same jewelry shop?
 My whole pack was still very much on edge. The Rogue King's visit had been merely days ago, yet it felt like it was yesterday. Louis and Jasmine both hadn't said a word about his visit, mostly because they refused to accept the fact that he was our father. Benedict was being distant, again, so that didn't help anything whatsoever. Raleigh was with Cindy, both of them strolling by the pack lines. I was hesitant about leaving them on their own until Louis and Jasmine both offered to go with them. 
Greg's dark eyes ran over the page he'd left on the table, his eyes narrowing with a smirk.
"Did you read it?" He asked. 
 I frowned. "No... why?" I asked skeptically. 
"N-No reason! It's just...very personal." Greg admitted.
  I shrugged. "So, you said. No, I didn't touch the paper."
"I can tell." Greg murmured. 
 Tania coughed. "I apologize on behalf of my husband for barging in again, Alpha King." She said. She'd been very cordial with me ever since I had turned her down, which was a relief to both Caspian and myself. 
"It is no problem. I am having issues with my pack at the moment, however." I said.
  Greg leaned closer, intrigued. "You are? How so?" He asked.
 "The Rogue King has returned. He's made a claim to not only my crown but to my mate as well." I growled. Greg's eye ticked, and Tania shuffled in her seat.
 "I-Is that so?" She stammered. 
 "Yes. I believe he intends to start a war for the crown." I said. 
 "Oh. All because of your mate?" Greg asked. 
  I shrugged. "Perhaps. I do not know his intentions for her, and I could care less about what they are. I have a pack to train at the moment."
 "Hm... Well, you have our support, no matter what." 
"Thank you, Greg. I am thinking, if needed, to hide my pack in the tunnels by the cells. It will be an easier way to evacuate them out if the battleground is my pack."
"Wise choice." 
 At that moment, the door to my house slammed open, and all three of us winced.
 "You really need to fix that door," Tania grumbled. 
  Footsteps pounded on the ground, and soon, Lucinda's frame appeared in the living room doorway. I stiffened. She and Greg hadn't spoken to each other for almost two years, not since Raleigh had been kidnapped.
  They both looked at each other for a long time, eyes hazy. They were mind-linking, it was obvious, but it didn't seem like Tania minded. In fact, she looked like she didn't care, as if she was used to it. I felt sorry for her, pitied her, maybe, but I didn't say anything.
A flash of darkness invaded Greg's eyes, Sergio's dominance. Lucinda cackled, but when she caught my eye, she quickly composed herself, her eyes returning to their violet color. 
"Ah, Alpha, I was looking for you." She stammered. 
 I raised my eyebrow. "Yes? What is it?" 
 She glanced at Greg. "I was coming from outside the pack and I found a note on the ground, left by...The Rogue King." She sounded like she wanted to say something else, but changed her mind just as quickly as she was going to say it. She handed me what looked to be a Grecian scroll. Sketched crudely on the yellow crinkled paper was a map—
—a map of the Rogue King's territory.
My heart leaped, and I almost hugged Lucinda, but I didn't, knowing Wren wouldn't be too pleased. As if Lucinda read my thoughts, she sighed.
"Wren hasn't been speaking to me much." She said softly. "She's been quiet, very often. Leaving the house. Mind-linking. Blocking her thoughts from me..."  
 Greg stood from the couch. "I'm sure she's just going through a few things, Luc—Lucinda." He corrected. 
 I gripped the pillow on the couch. So many attitudes were changing nowadays. How would I figure the informant out?
Tania abruptly rose from her seat, looking harried, as if she had left something. 
 I stood with her. "Are you okay?" I asked, seeing as her husband was busy with Lucinda. 
 Tania nodded. "Y-Yes, Alpha King. I just need some fresh air." She stood with a bow, walking rapidly out of the house. The door slammed behind her, and I winced. Watching your mate console another can be a bit queasy to sit around for. 
"You said Tania had changed too, right?" I asked Greg. 
 He nodded, looking solemn. "Yes. She's not...lively anymore. In fact, she's just as Lucinda described Wren. She's hiding, she's quiet. I-I don't know what's wrong with her. I don't know if it's my fault or not." I put my hand on his shoulder.
"I'm sure they're both just going through a few things and they probably want to be alone to think it through. Raleigh's like that sometimes."
"And I respect that, but with the Rogue King making a claim to the crown, I'm worried she might be...you know..."Greg didn't finish his sentence, but I could guess what he meant.
"I'll keep an eye on Wren. Come to think of it, Jasmine's been saying the same thing about Benedict."
"Benedict? He seemed fine to me. Came into my office just yesterday looking as chipper as ever, minus the bruise on his arm." Lucinda frowned. "All this mystery and drama is too much for my brain to handle. I should be taking my leave, but—" She fixed me with a glare, and I suddenly knew why "—I caught the Luna while coming here. I asked about the exercise, and I don't think I need to finish the rest for you." 
 I laughed nervously, and Greg took a few steps back.
"Uh...yeah...about that...I may or may not have let my hormones take over and maybe...I don't know...forgot...?" 
 Lucinda gave me a deadpan glare.  "You do realize she needs to stretch to strengthen those muscles, right?" She asked.
  Greg smiled, but it was a distant, forced smile. As if he wanted to scold Lucinda then and there. 
 "Got it! I got it! Once she comes home, I'll stretch her legs." I agreed.
  Lucinda scowled. "You say that all the time, Lucien. Then, when I ask, I get the same answer. No." She glared at me, then suddenly, she paused. "Actually, that just reminded me. What did she say about the surgery?"
"She said she'd do it," I said. 
 Lucinda smiled. "Excellent. How does two weeks sound? Friday? I'm free that day. The other days I have to go out..." Greg looked at her, and Lucinda finished with a mumble. 
"Friday in two weeks is fine. Do I have to prepare her for anything?" I asked.
 Lucinda shook her head. "No. There aren't any major risks in the scoliosis operation, and the highest risk is the risk of faint, which is at 4%, so I think she'll be okay. I wouldn't have suggested it if I didn't think she was strong enough to take it." She said. 
 Greg shuffled on his feet. "Ah, back to the whole Rogue King thing..." 
 He changed the topic, and Lucinda took the memo. She bowed quickly to me, her eyes flickering to Greg's as if there was some hidden message behind that glance. She left in a hurry after that, running out the doors. This time, they didn't slam shut.
 "What about it?" I asked.
"What does this mean for my pack?"
"What do you mean?"
"Do I have to take any precautions for them?"
"I would be on the safe side and set a few traps up, just in case. Apart from that, no. He's coming after my pack. I need to worry about their safety first."
"Hm... Any ideas as to who the informant could be?"
"A few, but I hardly believe that they're true."
"...May I hear your suggestions?"
  I was wary about revealing my ideas to Greg, but then again, he had been faithful to Raleigh and I ever since she had arrived, and he was one of my closest friends between Alpha's, apart from Siddharth, Daryl and Greyson. I hoped I wasn't making a mistake, so I nodded.
"Sure. I... I hate to say it, but perhaps Benedict? Or even Wren."  
 Greg looked astonished. "Benedict? Your brother-in-law? And Wren? Lucinda's...ah...wife?"
  I nodded. "Yes. They've been in and out of the pack for months. Their behaviors match and they are both being reported by their mates. What other leads do I have?" 
 Greg relented. "I'm not suggesting otherwise, Alpha King. I'm simply shocked. I... I could never even dream that my mate would double-cross me." He stood from the couch again, lending me a hand. "Would you like to take a stroll. I am feeling quite cramped sitting."
  I shrugged. "Sure. Why not."
  I grabbed my keys from the kitchen counter and stuffed them into my pocket. I led Greg outside first, shutting the door behind us. 
 Jingling the handle with a satisfying click, we began to stroll around the pack. Pups scurried out of the way and other pack members bowed or waved slightly. I couldn't see Raleigh or Cindy anywhere, not even as we reached the pack lines.
 Greg was suspiciously quiet as we were walking. He almost looked like my father whenever he was brooding: always firm, frowning, with a pinch of his thick eyebrows. 
 I despised how close I looked to my father if I even wanted to acknowledge him as such again. I felt betrayed, even though I wouldn't tell anyone. I felt hurt that he would leave his children, leave his wife all out of greed. For years, my mind had been plagued on thought as to who the famed Rogue King was. Now that I knew who he was, I wish I didn't.
 Sometime during our peaceful walk, we bumped into Cindy. She was playing in the large flower fields by the waterfalls with Avery and Ananya, Conner nowhere in sight. I hoped he still wasn't upset at her. I know from Raleigh that they had quite a falling out.
 Greg excused himself, saying he had to use the restroom quickly. By happenstance, we were standing just in front of Lucinda's house, Wren absent. Coincidence or not, I didn't dwell for long on the thought.  
 Ananya, who had a habit of poking shoes, had crawled up to me, poking me on my foot. I smiled. She was a beautiful young pup. Sparkling blue eyes and dark blonde hair, if not for the brown streaks just like her brother.
 Avery hadn't noticed Ananya's absence from his side, but I knew that he would soon. With a pat on her head, I set her back down on the grass, watching as she crawled back to her brother, poking him promptly in the butt. I couldn't help but laugh.
I gazed at the scenery as Greg finished up. Honestly, how long does it take someone to use the restroom?
 The longer I stood there, the more I realized how many similarities Cindy and the siblings had. Both blonde-haired and blue-eyed. I'd bet my crown that they could pass as relatives in public, even if the hair and eye scheme was a very common one. 
 As soon as Greg came out of Lucinda's house, fixing the belt buckle on his pants, Valentin ran up to me, looking as stoic as ever. A large gash was bleeding on his arm and he was furiously trying to wrap the gauze around his bulky limb.
"Valentin! What happened?!" Ignoring Greg, I ran up to my warrior, panic beginning to swirl inside me.
  Valentin growled. "The Rogue King happened." He snarled.
  I clenched my jaw. “What do you mean?" I asked, my voice deadly and low. Greg flinched.
"He's at the pack lines, alone, but still there. The Luna—"
"What?!" I snapped. Caspian growled. "What about Raleigh? Why is she there, alone?!" This time, Valentin's stoic demeanor dropped.
"She told me to, Alpha! She threatened me to go get you...and with her eyes..." Valentin shivered, and I knew I couldn't blame him. Watching Raleigh raise Daryl and Gary in the air had scared the shit out of me too. I looked back, but Cindy and the pups were already gone as if they had known tension had arisen once Valentin came into view. 
"What border is he on?" I growled, already beginning to run.  
 Valentin gulped. "Southern border. Just as the last time." He answered. Greg hastened to keep pace with us, jogging at an unusually slow speed, as if he was reluctant to witness the true identity of the Rogue King.
 The grass, for the first time, was dry underneath my shoes. This gave me more of a footing, increasing my speed. Knowing Raleigh was alone, with nobody to protect her from the Rogue King only made me run faster, but when we reached the border, I realized I had no reason to be worried for my mate.
 Raleigh's body glowed a furious neon blue, her eyes and tattoo's illuminated. It looked like she had grown larger in height and she held the Rogue King up with a strong strand of blue power. His face was glowing red, lips turning blue. He was choking in her hold, pleading with her to release him. She completely ignored him, continuing her chant. 
"L-Lucien! Y-Your mate is...vicious!!" Dhoom growled as soon as he saw me. 
 Raleigh's concentration broke slightly at the mention of my name, and she dropped Dhoom. He scrambled away from her, and I sneered.
 "Not so brave now, are you?" I smirked. "Perhaps I should let her continue."
  Raleigh glared at him; her eyes still ablaze. "Please, do. I have quite the lesson I want to teach this bastard," She snarled, her voice ten times louder, and ten times the usual vibration. Lune must have been enhancing her power.
"I think I just might," I brooded. I caught a wicked smirk on Valentin's lips, his way of silently agreeing with my idea. Greg looked hesitant; his eyes shifty. Dhoom sighed, coughing up some blood. Wisps of blue strands flew from Raleigh's fingertips, and he scampered back.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you, girl," He stammered. 
 Raleigh took a fearless step towards him, glaring. "Give me one reason why not to," She snarled. Dhoom tried for a smirk.
 "Because you'll lose your only chance at evidence," He managed. 
  I frowned. "What do you mean?" I asked. 
  Dhoom snapped his fingers, and in a flash, three other wolves bounded out of the forests. They shifted, and my mouth dropped. 
 All at once, Wren, Tania, and Benedict stood before us in their naked glory, snarling and baring their fangs. Their eyes glowed a ferocious violet and I found myself taking two steps back. Raleigh didn't budge an inch.
 "So? Why do I give a damn about them?" She asked angrily. Blinded by her anger towards Dhoom, I don't think she realized who she was talking about.
 "R-Raleigh...they're not our enemies..." I tried to dissuade her, but something about the way Benedict was glaring at me made me think otherwise. 
"Are they really not your enemies? Are you sure they're your friends?" Dhoom drawled. He pulled a chain out of his shirt.
 No, not a chain.
 A necklace.
 A shark tooth necklace. 
 Valentin gasped, and I'm pretty sure my mouth parted in shock. Greg took a few steps back, looking taken aback. His eyes welled up quickly, and I felt pity for him. I knew what betrayal felt like firsthand.
"T-Tania...why...?" His voice broke, and he dropped to his knees.  
 Tania didn't acknowledge him. Her violet eyes glowed vibrantly and she growled at Raleigh, taking a fighter's stance. 
 I put my hand on Raleigh's shoulder, but she shrugged me off. I growled.
"Now's not the time to pick a fight," I ordered. 
 Raleigh glared at me. "But—!"
"No."
  She snarled in agitation but did step behind me. She'd be mad at me later, that was for sure, but I'd worry about that later. 
 Dhoom smirked. "Good choice." He circled the other three wolves, sneering at me.
"I'm surprised you couldn't find your informant's sooner. Then again, this once more proves your capacity to be a useless Alpha King," He jibed. 
 Raleigh growled and Dhoom gulped slightly. I silently paraded at that. He may not fear me much, but he definitely feared Raleigh.
"Say that again and I won't hesitate to choke you to death," She said, deathly calm. 
 Dhoom glared back at her and Benedict stepped in front of him, a protective stance. Raleigh faltered and Dhoom smirked.
"After all he's betrayed you for, you still don't hesitate to kill him on the spot? I'm appalled. I was sure you were just like me." He mocked. 
"Don't talk to her like that. When you talk, talk with respect on your dirty tongue," I demanded. 
 Dhoom shrugged, indifferent. "Potato, potato. Same difference." He caught a glimpse of Greg's devastated expression. Smugly, he trailed his fingertips over Tania's jaw, and poor Greg had to watch as his wife basked in the attention Dhoom gave her. It was disgusting.
 "I... I don't understand...why?" Greg begged, dejected. 
 Dhoom grinned wickedly. "Isn't it obvious?" He asked. "She knows which king to pledge her allegiance to. Which can protect her properly?" He pointedly looked at me, and Valentin grunted, stepping forward to take charge of the situation. 
 "Oh, and of course, which has the normal queen," He added. He gazed at Raleigh as he spoke, undeniable lust in his eyes.
  I growled. "She is a normal queen, and she is the only queen." 
 Even as I said this, I noticed the slight slump in Raleigh's stature. Her eyes flickered, her aura fading. Her confidence fading, all at one simple jab to her heart. That made me furious.
"I think you've overstayed your welcome plenty," I growled, taking my rightful control of the situation. By this time, Alexander, Shawn, Conner, and Ranveer had arrived. Alain and Everest joined them, all with wolves on edge. Dhoom caught Alain's eyes, sneering.
"I see you've changed your views, Alain. A poor choice. You had potential." 
 Alain bared his fangs, which were scarily sharp for a boy his age. "I serve one King, Dhoom. And that King isn't a coward like you." He taunted. 
 Dhoom's jaw clenched, the jab clearly stabbing through him. I grabbed Dhoom by his collar.
"Leave," I ordered.
  Dhoom tried for a smile. "What happened to you, Lucien? Hm? Where's my fierce boy? The boy willing to do anything for his poor father?"
"I'm not that monster anymore!" I growled.
  Dhoom smirked. "Oh, but you are. Don't you see it? You've always been the very monster you despise." He snapped at me. "Face it, Lucien. Old habits die hard."
"Get out." I shoved him back, and since he was predominately top-heavy, he stumbled onto his rump, shifting into his rusty wolf and galloping away. Alexander and the other warriors had sedated Dhoom's informants, and Raleigh and Everest were consoling a weeping Greg. I wanted to console him too, and I knew I'd have two more wolves to console soon.
"Take them away," I ordered, trying not to show my hurt in my words. "Chain them in silver and leave them there until we can try them. Cell 9." 
 Shawn, Alexander, and Ranveer all looked hesitant, but at a glare, they conceded, dragging the insane wolves away. I felt horrible, I felt broken, I felt betrayed. Wren. Benedict. And even Tania! Three wolves who I hardly got into any trifles with. Why...why would they do this to me...to the pack...?
 Everest and I carried Greg by the arms inside the packhouse. Raleigh stayed quiet all the way there, and to help her cool down, I suggested she go grab Jasmine and Lucinda. She left with barely a nod to me, the weight of Dhoom's words, as well as her own exhaustion, weighing down on her. I felt terrible.
"Right now, everyone needs time to cool down." I decided. "Valentin, tell the pack to head in for an early night." 
 Valentin didn't even try to dissuade me. With a nod, he shifted away, howling to the pack as he did. Greg remained sobbing on the couch.
"Why...why...what had I done? I gave her everything she asked...I-I loved her so much..." He cried. "And the girls...they'll hate me...my girls..." 
 I squeezed his shoulder. "I'm sorry, Greg." I murmured. As if on cue, the rain began pouring again, the monsoon season treating us to special, random shows all throughout the week. 
 I sighed. "Alpha? You wanted to see us?" Lucinda's quiet, questioning voice prodded from the doorway. 
 Raleigh silently traveled to the small, one-person couch and sat down stoically. Jasmine looked around, confused.
"What's going on? Why is Greg crying?" She asked.
  I took a deep breath. "You'd better sit down." 
 Cautious, both Lucinda and Jasmine sat on one of the couches a few feet away from where I crouched by Greg. Everest left the room with Raleigh, seemingly to cheer her up. I let them go.
"Lucien...Lucien, you're scaring me." Jasmine said. 
"Look, I'm not the type of person to beat around the bush, so I'm just going to tell you straight," I said. 
 Jasmine raised her eyebrow, and Lucinda shifted on her seat.
"Yeah, so what is it?" Jasmine prodded.
  I bit my lip. "Do you remember the informant?" I asked. Greg wept harder.
"Yes...why? Did you find them?" Lucinda asked, sounding hopeful. That only made me feel even more terrible. "Ah...yes. Yes, we did."
"So? Who are they?"
"They're—"
"Tania!" Greg cried. "Tania! Benedict! Wren! They betrayed us! She betrayed me!" 
"What?" Jasmine snorted, but Lucinda stayed oddly quiet. "That's a joke, right? I mean, Benedict would never do that, you know that, right Lucien?"
"I-I wish I could laugh with you, Jazz, but...he's not lying."
  In a few mere seconds, I watched before my eyes as Jasmine's world crashed. Her eyes widened, and she shook her head.
"N-No... you’re lying." She stammered. Lucinda's eyes watered and she sniffled.
"I wish I were, Jazz. I wish I were." I admitted sadly. 
 Greg sobbed harder, and Lucinda joined him, the two of them drowning their betrayal in tears. Jasmine let the statement sink into her, wrapping around her soul before she too began to bawl. 
 Bawl and bawl, the three of them wept like children, yet, I couldn't blame them. The betrayal, the hurt, had yet to sink into my body. I knew once it did, that I wouldn't recover from it. The trembling need to take my anger out suffocated me, but right now wasn't the time. Not the time, not the place.
 After a few hours, once all the bawling children had ceased their tears, Valentin cautiously approached me. He informed me that the pack had been notified, and they were all offering sympathies to the ones who had lost. I told him to thank them, and with a bow, he left quietly.
 Greg was the next to leave, saying he had his pups to take care of. Lucinda left a few minutes after him, claiming she had a room to pack up. I assumed she meant Wren's things, though she didn't specify. Jasmine stayed with me for a long time, eating dinner silently with me. 
"Where's Raleigh?" She asked finally as I washed the dishes.
  I shrugged. "I don't know. Ever since Da—I mean, Dhoom taunted her, she hasn't spoken to me. I doubt she spoke to Everest, either." I said. 
 Jasmine sighed, tapping her fork on the table. "I don't understand why...after everything I helped him through...why would he do something like that? Why would he betray you...why would he betray us?"
"I don't know, Jasmine," I admitted. "I really don't know. I wish I could have been happier about discovering the identities of our informant, but I'm not. It hurts too, knowing the people you once trusted backstabbed you."
  Jasmine laughed bitterly. "Do you remember when you and Greg once played fighting and he did stab you in the back?" She asked. 
"Ah...yeah, I remember. Well, it was an accident. Accidents happen." I said. I wiped my hands on a rough dish towel. "But we move on and continue life as it is." 
 Jasmine rubbed her shoulder. "I-I'm not sure if I'll be able to move on." She murmured. She bit her lip, looking up at the ceiling. "C-Can I stay with you, Lucien? I don't want to be alone..."
  I smiled. "Of course, you can," I said. I led her upstairs to a guest room adjoined to Raleigh and my room.
"If you need anything, just holler and I'll come," I said, grinning slightly.
 Jasmine gave me a half-smile. "Thanks, big bro." She said. "I love you."
"I love you too, Jazz."
~*~

 Raleigh wasn't in the bedroom when I opened the door, which scared me for a moment until I heard the shower roaring. I released a breath I didn't know I had been holding and reached for my phone.
"Hello?" Louis picked up on the first ring.
"Hey, Louis."
"Lucien! Thank god! I heard Dhoom visited and got scared," Louis exclaimed. "I... uh...I also heard about Benedict..."
"Yeah, it's true," I affirmed. The door to the bathroom opened and I nearly dropped my phone. Anyone would have, had their mate walked out clad in only a towel. Raleigh smiled tiredly at me; the blue specks still visible in her eyes. She padded to the closet.
"—ucien! Lucien!" Louis shouted through the receiver. 
 I laughed nervously. "Sorry, Louis. I got...distracted." I glanced back at Raleigh. "What were you saying?" 
 Louis sighed. "I was asking if Jasmine was okay. I know she and Benedict were close..."
"She's doing as well as she can be," I said. "She wanted to stay here today...if you wanted to come over..." 
 I could almost see Louis smile. "I'll be over soon. Don't wait up. I'll find her."
"You sure?"
"Yeah. Don't worry, bro. Stay with your mate. I heard Dhoom had his fair share of choice words for her. He always had a wide expanse of vocabulary, especially when it came to downgrading." Louis shivered. "Anyway, see you tomorrow. Door open?"
"Yeah. Lock it when you come...see you tomorrow." I cut the phone line with a click and dropped the device onto my side of the lamp table. Silence filled our room after. 
"Raleigh, what did Dhoom tell you?" I asked sternly, cutting the chase. 
 Raleigh stopped drying her hair. "W-What do you mean?" She stammered.
  I gave her an unimpressed look. "Don't even try and play coy with me. I know he didn't respect you the way he should have, and I intend to punish him severely for that, for everything he's done." I walked over to where she stood, pressing my hands on her shoulders. "What did he say?" 
 Raleigh gulped. "He didn't say much, really. Only ranting about how horrible of a Luna I'd be...how much of an embarrassment and disgrace I am to the royal alpha race." She laughed bitterly. "How true is that, huh?"
 I closed my eyes, trying to suppress my anger. By my shaking form, however, I'm sure Raleigh knew I wasn't succeeding at the task.
"He said all of that...to you?" I growled. 
"Yes..."
"That's it. Next time I see him, I'm ripping his fucking head off. I've played nice for too long." I roared. Fire fueled through me. Everything I had been holding back crashed into me and I felt like when I was insane before Jasmine helped me. I felt the urge to kill, the need to taste the blood straight from their dying corpses; to see their final moments at begging for redemption. 
"Lucien...Lucien snap out of it!" The fear in Raleigh's voice immediately calmed Caspian.
  I snapped from my daze with a start, and the terrifying realization that I almost lost control in front of Raleigh, despite my reluctance to, horrified me. Was I really becoming the monster Dhoom predicted I would be?
"No," Raleigh argued quietly yet firmly. "No, you are not the monster Dhoom says you are, and you never will be!" She hugged me tightly, her tiny arms wrapped around my large waist. I held her close to me as if she were my life support. My life. The reason I lived.
"He'll pay," I promised. "He'll regret stepping foot on my pack, one way or another. If I have to do it in one piece, or fifty, I'll make sure he pays the price of all the years of pain he caused me." Raleigh pulled away, trembling. Her lips pressed against mine, a desire.
"And how will you do that?" She asked.
  I pushed her back against me, cupping the back of her head.
"By becoming the monster, he wants me to be."


Raleigh: Chapter 35

 Lucien was going to be very mad at me.
 No, scratch that. He wouldn't be mad. 
 He would be furious.
 And Lucien was not the type of person to be around when he got furious.
 It was midday, probably closer to the evening than it would be to the afternoon. Lucien had been busy the whole day, just as he had been when Darius and David first attacked the pack. Warriors were on edge, pups were hardly seen outside, and women were often murmuring amongst themselves, giving the borders a weary look. Cindy told me to pay no heed to their gossiping, though I would be lying if I said I hadn't heard them gossip about me.
 It was the usual teenage girl gossip; the marks, the nights alone. Occasionally, teenage girls joined them, laughing and giggling about boys and mating. I often wanted to join them but ended up shying out. They didn't want a weird girl butting into their conversations anyway. 
 That reminded me of when I was in middle school when I first met Logan. She was one of the girls talking in a group I was interested in, and I didn't realize I had been leaning closer to them the whole time they had been talking. She was the one who encouraged me to join them. I didn't though. Annica was with them.
"I need something to occupy myself with," I muttered to myself. 
Why don't you go find Jasmine? Lune suggested.
 I frowned. Jasmine? Why? I could feel Lune shrug.
She needs the company right now; I can feel it.
Okay. Where is she?
By the daisy fields. 
I had only been to the daisy fields once when Lucien brought me for some alone time. Granted, we got a bit too comfortable, much to my embarrassment, that I didn't even get any time to appreciate the fields.   
 Now, in the humid heat of early spring, the flowers bloomed with raw beauty and the dew drops on their petals sparkled in the orange sun. 
 The fields were just by Lucinda's house, oddly enough. She didn't seem like the type to watch flowers blow in peace without dissecting them. During counseling, she kept scraping her scalpel on the table, as if she couldn't sit still without moving. Specks of blood glistened on the sharp end of the scalpel, and I didn't want to ask if it was new or not.
 I didn't tell Lucien what had happened during counseling—he didn't need to know everything that had occurred. Mostly it was Lucinda speaking on the phone while ushering me to play some stupid child's game quietly. While I do love playing UNO, I'm not too sure it's a one-player game.
 Jasmine was sitting in the middle of the flower fields, her back turned to me. Her shoulders rose and fell, giving me the sign that she was crying. Her hair looked matted and she looked greasy as if she hadn't showered in days. Pity rose in me, but I smashed it down. I know how it feels like to gain pity. 
"Jasmine?" I approached her with caution, walking until I stood by her side.
  Jasmine barely acknowledged me. "Good evening, Raleigh." She said blankly. She sounded like when we were back in Woodbridge High, back to when she was Principal Cortes. 
"How are you today?" I asked amicably, trying to start a conversation.
  Jasmine shrugged weakly. "As well as I can be, I suppose. What about you?"
"I'm okay...well, no, I'm really bored." 
 Jasmine cracked a small smile, something that had been foreign these past few weeks. "Is that so? Lucien not entertaining you enough?" She teased.
  I blushed. "Oh, he's entertained me plenty," I said. Then, I sighed. "It's just...ever since Darius, David, and Dhoom showed up, messing our lives up, nothing has been the same. I've been seeing less and less of Lucien every day. I... I miss him." 
 Jasmine stood from the grass. "I'm sure he misses you too. I understand how you feel when you're away from your mate." She said. Her voice cracked, and she looked like she was going to cry again. I wanted to hug her.
"Oh, Jasmine..." I wrapped my arms around her waist, and with a broken sob, she squeezed me against her as if I were her life support. 
"Benedict...why...I don't understand...I tried...I tried..." She broke down in my arms, her words mixing in with her cries. Soon, she was weeping nonsense to me, while all I could do was nod and rub her back. I wanted to say something, anything, but I didn't. I didn't want to pity her. 
"Jasmine...I'm sorry Jazz...I heard about it..." I managed to murmur.  
 Jasmine laughed bitterly. "I know. T-The whole pack probably knows. Lucinda...Greg...me...I don't understand why..."
"Sometimes, life doesn't go the way we plan it to..."
"But how would you react if Lucien betrayed you?" Jasmine sobbed. "What would you do? How would you feel?"
"Well, for one, I would have killed him on the spot..." I grumbled. That brought a raspy chuckle out of Jasmine's throat, and I smiled. "Then, I probably would have binged romance movies while crying over ice cream." 
 Jasmine pulled away from me. "You humans have an odd way of dealing with betrayal," she said.
  I shrugged. "I suppose it depends on perspective, but I am still very sorry," I said. 
 Jasmine sighed. "What can I do about it, huh? Nothing? Louis and Lucien said so. It's...it's over. Benedict and I..."
"What do you mean?"
"I'm going to Lucien's office today to sign divorce papers." She explained and my mouth dropped.
"What? Wolves can divorce?" I asked.
  Jasmine laughed. "Of course, we can! If something like a death or...or a betrayal happens, then yes. The Alpha King, aka, Lucien, will grant us permission to divorce them. I already asked him."
 Slight anger sparked in me. "And he said yes?" I nearly growled.
"He was hesitant. He didn't want to do it, but I managed to persuade him." Jasmine sniffled. "What else can I do? I don't want to live with the mark of a male who betrayed my pack, my brother...a male who betrayed me."
  I licked my lips. "At least wait for a little? Until we can understand why he did so?" I asked. 
"What? How will you know?"
"Lucien and the others are going to question them soon. I heard him talking to some guy named Greyson on the phone, asking for Shawn to come home early. He usually needs Shawn to do an interrogation."
"Unless he wants to skip straight to trial." Cindy's booming voice said from behind me.
  I slowly turned on my heel. "What's up?" I asked. 
 Cindy shrugged. "Bored. Just like you. Conner's been with Lucien all day, the both of them practically living in that damn office."
"They have been there for quite a while, haven't they?" Jasmine murmured. 
"I don't even know when Lucien comes to bed if he does," I said. 
"He should. Not even a tough wolf-like Lucien can stay up all night." Cindy assured.
"Let's hope so," I mumbled.
"What's going on, Cindy? Feeling any better?" Jasmine asked.
"I'm okay. The vomiting has stopped, thankfully. I only have stomach pains and other stuff like that. Minor things. I'm good now."
"You sure?"
"Yeah. It was just the flu. My temperature rose and fell like a tsunami." She waved our concern aside. "But that's not what I wanted to talk with you girls about."
  I raised my eyebrow. "Oh? What did you want to talk about?" I asked. Cindy grinned and Jasmine groaned.
"Oh. Fuck. No." She groaned. 
 I frowned. "What? What is it?" I asked.
  Cindy cackled and Jasmine gave an over-exaggerated sigh.
"She wants to talk about our sex life," She groaned.
  I squeaked. "W-What?" 
 Cindy smirked. "You heard right, Luna Queen. And don't you dare say you have none. Living in the Beta House gives you...uh...certain hearing privileges."
  I felt a flush rise on my cheeks, and my life flashed before my eyes. I felt faint. "Oh...gods..." 
 Jasmine snorted. "Give it a few years. You'll get used to it," She said. 
 Cindy led us to a bench area by the square of the pack. I sat opposite both of them, laying my head on my arms. 
  I sighed. "This is nice." I closed my eyes, but Cindy snapped her nails in front of me, her new manicure giving an extra enhanced sound to the snap of the nails. I flinched.
"Why do you care, anyway? I haven't been sexually active in the past few weeks." Jasmine grumbled.
"Same," I added. 
 Cindy scoffed. "Sure, you haven't," She teased.
"What, you have?" I asked, appalled. 
 Cindy shrugged. "Sure. A guy can't insinuate everything. If I let Conner have control of all our...uh...episodes, then we'd be nowhere."
"Wait...you started it!" Jasmine balked. "You fucking liar!" 
  Cindy blushed.
"What? What is it?" I asked eagerly. Jasmine grumbled under her breath.
"When Conner and Cindy had their first heat, Cindy said that Conner started it! You lied!" 
 Cindy shrugged. "I had to make it sound believable," She admitted.
  I frowned. "What do you mean? Why wouldn't anyone believe you if you said you started it?"
"Because the male wolves usually start...you know. Females aren't supposed to be seductive." Cindy scoffed. "Like hell. I'm takin' control if I want to." 
"Have you ever taken control before, Raleigh?" Jasmine asked, her earlier sadness gone. 
 I shook my head, the light strands of my black hair curling around my cheeks. "No. I've tried to, once, I think. I've just never gotten the chance to fully take control...I don't think I can, anyway." 
 Cindy hummed in intrigue. She leaned her face on her palms, moving closer to me. "Explain."
"I—uh..." I stammered for a few moments, trying to find my words. "Well...After, um, after the Rogue King's identity was revealed...we...uh... I made a joke about him being soaked, and then we—yeah—we kinda started again—"
"In the bathroom?"
"Yes."
"Okay, go on." Jasmine waved her hand, and I couldn't help but giggle.
"Okay. So, I tried to take some control of the situation, but Lucien always uses his height against me." 
 Both Cindy and Jasmine shared looks.
"Ah, you mean he lifted you up?" Cindy asked. 
 I nodded and Jasmine whistled.
"Classic case of height against power," She said. "When...when Benedict used to do that...I-I would kick him in the nuts."
"Did you really?" Cindy asked.
  Jasmine shrugged. "It worked." She simply said.
  I shook my head, smiling. "Thanks for the suggestion, but, ah, I don't think I would like to kick Lucien. Besides, I... what would I do with control anyway? I can only lay on my back?"
"So? You have hands, right?" Jasmine wiggled her fingers. " Use them. I assure you, try and gain some control, and Lucien will be like putty in your hands. His fate would be entirely up to you."
"Maybe not fate," Cindy drawled. "But he will be at your command. Or, you could just ask him. I'm sure he wouldn't deprive you of a one night with you in command."
"One night?"
"Yep. I can guarantee it that he won't give you more than a night." Jasmine replied promptly. "Benedict never did."
"Neither did Conner." Cindy shrugged. "That's just the way male wolves are. We've all learned not to question it."
"Besides—" Jasmine smiled shyly. "I won't deny that it is a wonderful experience being putty in their hands, or on their hands." 
"It is." Cindy agreed. Then, she nudged me. "So, tell us, how is the Alpha King in bed?"
"Yeah! Is he rouge and demanding? Or gentle and romantic?" Jasmine questioned eagerly. 
 I felt embarrassed about being put on the spot. "Um...well, I think he's a mix of both," I mumbled. "Lucien's very sweet, and even during sex, he finds a way to be sweet."
"Really? What, does he do the whole roses and petals thing?" Cindy teased.
  I blushed. "No, but he's very gentle with me. He knows just how far to go, and just how much teasing I can take." I explained. "I'm glad I left my notebook in your office that day, Jasmine." 
 Jasmine smiled. "I'm glad. Lucien had ruled for centuries without a Queen. I'm glad he finally has one now, especially one just like you."
"What do you mean?"
"You're a wonderful girl, Raleigh." Jasmine complimented. "Wonderful, intelligent, beautiful. You're the whole package."
  I crinkled my brow. "Beautiful? Me?" I scoffed. "Yeah, sure."
  Cindy frowned. "She's not lying. You are beautiful, Raleigh." 
 I sneered. "Yeah, right. Me, pretty? The adult who can't even take care of her body properly? The underweight, crippled girl?" I suddenly felt like crying, and my eyes pricked. 
 Cindy squeezed my shoulder. "You are beautiful, Raleigh." She said firmly. I think she could sense that I didn't believe her. She hummed, biting her plush pink lip. Her eye wandered the premises, and then she smiled.
"Do you remember your first night with Lucien?" She asked.
"My first night sleeping with him?"
"Yes."
"Um...yeah. I was seventeen, socially awkward, and a nerd." I deadpanned. 
 Cindy rolled her eye and Jasmine snickered.
"No! I meant the first time you slept with him...you know...romantically." I stared blankly at her, and finally, she sighed in annoyance. "Sex, Raleigh! Your first-time having sex with him!" 
 I blushed and Jasmine burst out laughing.
"Oh, ah, yes. I do remember."
"What did he do?"
"I'm not telling you!" I squawked defensively. 
 Cindy rolled her eyes. "No! He...argh! He turned the lights off, right?" She asked.
 I paused. "How did you know that?" I asked quietly.
"Every male does that if their mate is a virgin," Jasmine added. 
"Why?"
"To hide her insecurities. To make sure she focuses on the pleasure she's feeling, not the pain she feels when she looks at her body." Cindy explained. "That happens to all mates, and Lucien is no different. He wanted you to enjoy your body, and he wanted to make you enjoy your body." 
"Did you enjoy your body, Raleigh?" Jasmine asked. 
 I was silent for a few moments, but even before Lune spoke, I knew I had my answer.
"Yes," I said quietly. "Yes, I did. I enjoyed my body..." 
 Cindy smiled. "Then Lucien did the right thing." She said. "Although, I will be asking you for the deets later."
"How sentimental." A sleazy voice drawled.
  In a snap, Jasmine and Cindy were up, baring their fangs that had somehow sprouted from their gums. Lune growled, her display of anger resonating from my mouth. David held his hands up in surrender, his eyes still violet. 
"What the fuck are you doing on pack territory, David?" Cindy growled. Blue light illuminated from the frames of her patch and she took a step forward. David emphasized on his held hands.
"I come in peace." He drawled. He sounded drunk, which spiked a nostalgic fear in me. I shivered.
"Yeah, well you're wasting our time. Get your ass out of our lands before we call the King." Jasmine snarled. David shrugged.
"I'm not afraid of your pretty playboy King if that's who you're referencing to." He said. He eyed me hungrily from between Jasmine and Cindy. "It's his Queen that I'm more interested in" 
"Yeah, well it sucks to be single, doesn't it?" Cindy sneered. "If you're done talking, I'd suggest you get that shitty ass of yours off the Alpha King's land before he locks you in the cells again." 
 If that was supposed to scare David, it didn't do any good. He took a step forward and Jasmine growled.
"We're not warning you again." She threatened. 
"I only wish to see your King," David said. 
"Not happening today, buddy." Cindy scoffed. "Now git." 
 David sighed. "Fuck off, Cindy." He finally spat. "You're protecting the wrong King." He glared at me. "I don't know what he sees in you, a worthless crippled bitch. Both kings. Both idiots for taking a misinformed girl like you as a Queen."
  Lune was clawing in my mind, forcing me to release her, but David had already struck a chord in me. I shrunk back and David cackled.
"Don't like to hear the truth, do you, Princess?" He sneered. "Well face it. Life isn't princesses and rainbows. You are a CRIPPLE! You will ALWAYS be a CRIPPLE! No matter what your pretty boy King says!"
  I looked down, and then suddenly, I began to run. Runaway from the fields, away from a retreating David and a furious Cindy. I could hear Jasmine calling after me, but I ignored her. I kept running. I didn't want them to see me cry. Not now. Not ever.
 My heart pounded in my ears, in my chest. It was like the mirage of a world that I had built came crashing down inside of me. David's words rang sharply in my ear as if he had slapped me over and over with them.   
 My nose began to twitch, my eyes began to water. My vision swarmed, and at that moment, no matter how cringy or babyish it sounded, I needed Lucien. I needed him to hold me. I needed him to comfort me. I needed him to distract me.
And so, I ran.
 I threw caution to the wind and ran at my top speed towards home. I knew I wasn't running fast, and I knew how jerkily I ran, but now, I didn't care. The tears flowed freely from my eyes and all I wanted was Lucien.
 I passed by all the houses in a blur, not even pausing once. I could feel my legs begging to give out. It became harder to breathe and soon, I forced myself to rest by the ledge of the window to a house. That house just so happened to belong to Lucinda, which meant that I hadn't traveled far on foot. I sighed. Voices were yelling from inside the house, and I paid no heed to them until I heard my name.
"Raleigh's the Luna now! We can't just kidnap her!"
  It was...Lucinda? My heart stopped at the word, kidnap, and despite Lune's begging me not to, I pressed my ear against the window, craning to hear more. 
 Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out a phone Lucien had recently gotten. I fumbled with the buttons until I was able to unlock the recording app.
"We have no choice! Dhoom is getting impatient!" Another deeper voice yelled. I didn't recognize that voice. 
"Fuck Dhoom! She's a very sweet girl and I won't do this to her! I-I can't!" Lucinda cried. There was some pounding of footsteps, and then, Lucinda screamed.
"Listen here, and listen well." The voice growled. "We are doing this for her! She died and it was all his fault! We need her, whether that hurts Lucien or not!"
"But—!"
"No buts!" The man roared. "That was our baby! She's dead now because of Dhoom! Your job was to keep an eye on Raleigh in return for her life! He didn't care!"
 "He didn't even give a damn about his own pups!" Lucinda cried. 
 "I don't give a fucking damn! We tricked them into locking up their own, and we'll do it again!" The man boomed. There was a loud slap, and you didn't need a genius to figure out what he had hit.
 "Wh-What..."
 "You take that girl. Sedate her, cuff her, knock her out, I don't give a shit. But bring her back, alive, you hear me, Lucy? Your job spying on Lucien didn't pay shit. Now we're taking what Dhoom denied us, whether he likes it or not!" 
 The footsteps carried away, seemingly going into the kitchen. I paused the recording, my hands numb. Tania...Benedict...Wren...they weren't the informants. They weren't the ones who helped David and Darius escape. They didn't help them enter. They weren't responsible for Logan and Drew's deaths.
Lucinda was.


Lucien: Chapter 36

In my lifetime, I had seen many people and wolves mad. I'd never really bothered to worry about it before. I'd let them be, leave them to loath on their own. 
But Raleigh wasn't mad.
She was furious.
I hadn't encountered an upset Raleigh before. Sure, I'd seen her cry or even be angry before.
But fury, I'd never witnessed.
And I was terrified.
I didn't know when she first came home. I had been with Conner trapped up in my office all day. Looking over rogue files and other business that I had put aside for far too long. I didn't know when she had left the house, but I did catch a glimpse of her talking with Jasmine and Cindy, so I knew she was safe.
"Raleigh's transitioned here very smoothly, hasn't she?" Conner mentioned dryly. His dark eyes skimmed over a 2018 document. 
 "She has. I was worried she'd be intimidated by the pack. They've been nothing but respectful to their Luna, however." I said.
 Conner smiled. "You would have beaten their asses if they weren't." He grinned.
"Yeah, I would have," I said, chuckling slyly. I gazed at the papers strewn all over my desk. "Damn, this is what I get for procrastinating." 
 Conner shrugged. "You were busy. Other Alpha's will just have to learn to wait." He set the land exchange document down on the floor and picked another one up. "Ha. Duke had the audacity to send a transfer to you, huh?"
"What?" I snatched the paper. "Duke? Since when?"
"For two months ago, apparently. He's asking for Alyssa Douglass to be transferred from Hamilton Pack," Conner explained. 
"I think they're mates, since the last time I talked to Duke," I mumbled. I stamped the fax. "Well, he's one of the few Alpha's that fills his forms out. Okay." 
 Conner nodded. "I'll have it faxed to Alpha Daryl shortly."
"Didn't he just have a son?" I asked absentmindedly. 
 Conner smirked. "Yep. Finnegan. Henry picked the name." 
"Obviously." 
"I mean, Finnegan is a nice name. Have any names for your kids, Alpha?" Conner teased.
  I put my pen down. "Not really sure, actually. Ever since turning immortal, I hadn't thought about making a family." I mused. 
"But you will be having one now, right?" Conner prodded. I laughed. Sometimes, he and Cindy really were alike.
"Yes, but not right now. Most likely in the future, though." I said.  
 Conner sighed. "Immortality, huh? Never thought it would extend to us, too." He jibed. 
 I shrugged. "I didn't know either. I don't even know who cursed me...if I knew, I'd apologize, profusely." I said. 
"Things happen for a reason, Lucien. We can't control life. We can only make choices that can change our paths. You made a choice, and you got the outcome." Conner shrugged indifferently, leaning back. "It's not like you're a horrible Alpha King, anyway. You made a mistake, everyone does that. Nobody is blaming you."
"I blame myself."
"You and Raleigh are more alike than you think, then," Conner grumbled.
  I laughed out loud. "I guess so. I love her, a lot."
"Speaking of Raleigh, where is she?" Conner looked around the room and I shook my head.
"Last I saw her; she was outside with Cindy and Jasmine." I bit my lip. "I-I told her about everything, anyway."
 Conner looked away. "I still can't believe they did that." He mumbled. "Why, after everything we did for them!"
"Listen, Conner. I don't know, and I'd rather not think about them. I'm still trying to digest this information myself." I sighed. 
 Conner frowned. "You don't look as hurt as you should? Why?" He asked.
  I shrugged. "I've lived for a long time. I've been betrayed more times than I can count. I guess I just got used to it." I said. I swirled slightly in my chair. "And what difference does it make, anyway? Pitying someone who used your trust against you, hm? I'm not wasting pity on them. It was their choice, just like you said."
 Conner winced. "Yeah, I did say that, but that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt any less." He said. He looked out the window for a while. "How do you do it?"
"Do what?"
"Manage to be Alpha King?" Conner pressed his palms flat on my desk. "How do you balance the stress of work and the stress of family life?"
"Conner," I spoke sternly. "When I took up the position as Alpha King, I knew all the late-nighters that would come with it. I knew all about the betrayals, I knew all about the fights and disruptions it would cause in my family. I knew everything—"
"—Yet you still took the job." Conner finished.
  I nodded. "Yes, I did. Because I had a family I had to support, and I had a pack to rebuild. I had to rebuild the foundations of trust, and I'm not going to let those three and my father break them," I said firmly. 
 Conner smiled. "You're a good king, Lucien. I know you won't let Dhoom take over," he said.
  I gulped. "Let's hope so." 
We worked for a few more hours after that, well into the late evening. Valentin and Alexander joined us a while after evening began to rise and in a matter of hours, we had completed my large stack of paperwork.
"When are we going to interrogate them, Alpha?" Alexander asked. Nobody had spoken their names in a long time, an unwritten rule.
  I wiped my face wearily. "I'm hoping this weekend if I'm not busy with anything important—"
"Lucien!" 
 The door to my office banged open and everyone automatically turned. Raleigh was leaning against the door, panting for breath. Her cheeks were tear-stained, but anger lurked behind her glowing blue eyes. Her tattoos were slowly beginning to make an appearance, and I could feel Lune's presence awakened. Caspian stirred, slowly rising in my head.
"Guys..." I nodded to the door, a gesture asking them to leave. They took the hint, but Raleigh stopped them. She was shaking, her eyes flickering violently, like a glitching T.V.
 "I think you want to see this, all of you." She snarled. She was clutching her phone, the screen already cracked. The other guys looked at me as if they didn't know how to handle a furious woman.  
  To be honest, I was pretty terrified myself, but I had no choice. She was my mate. Besides, I wanted to know who had hurt her. 
I walked over to her, bending down to her level. She had grown a bit taller, which was a relief to me as well as Lucinda. She hadn't gained weight, though. In fact, she had lost some. 
"What happened, sweetheart?" I asked. 
  Raleigh trembled, holding her phone out. "S-See for yourself." It was then that I realized she wasn't shivering because she was scared, she was shivering because she was angry. She was struggling to control Lune. I looked up at Conner, and he nodded.
"Do you want to help me find something for Cindy, Luna? As an apology to her? He asked. 
 Raleigh took a shuddering breath, licking her lips before she nodded. "O-Okay..." She decided shakily. Her eyes were dulling; Lune's anger was fading. I could sense disappointment and hurt from Raleigh's fading aura, but her aura vanished before I could deduce why. Conner led her silently out of the office, leaving the three of us there, shell-shocked.
"Dude, I don't think I've ever seen your mate angry before," Valentin said. 
 Alexander looked at him as if he were mad. "Angry? Are you kidding? I thought she was going to murder us, just like she almost did to Dhoom!" He exclaimed. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Stop being overdramatic, guys. If she looked that furious, then something bad must have happened." I scolded. I opened the padlock on her phone all the while muttering to myself to buy her a new one. She'd been so upset that she had squeezed the screen, creating a large crack.
I opened her video settings, Valentin and Alexander looking over my shoulder with curiosity. The most recent video was from today and it was already open on her screen. I guess that was the one she wanted us to see.
I pressed play, and for the first few minutes, nothing happened. The resolution was static, but soon, if we listened closely, voices began to yell, loudly.
"Is that...Lucinda?" Valentin asked. 
 Alexander's jaw was clenched. He nodded. "Yes." 
 There was a bang, possibly of pots and pans. A man was yelling, his voice very familiar.
"Who is that?" Alexander asked. I shushed him. Lucinda was crying, pleading with him not to make her kidnap Raleigh. Slowly, little by little, the puzzle pieces fit into place.
"Wren...Tania...Benedict...they weren't the informants" I gasped. "L-Lucinda was..."
"Lucinda...she was the reason Logan and Drew were killed!" Valentin was the first to roar. Alexander took a few more seconds to jump on the wagon, but once he did, all of his earlier playfulness was already gone.
"That fucking witch!" He growled. "She caused the demise of the Beta and Beta Female!"
"She's the reason our Luna was almost kidnapped!" Valentin snarled. I was quiet throughout the whole ordeal. I could feel my heart shattering, then smelting and re-cooling into something harder, firmer, angrier. 
"A-Alpha...?" Alexander quivered. 
 I turned to him, fighting Caspian fervently for control. The wolf in me was howling, was trashing and trembling in agony, in fury, in pain. In hurt. My chest heaved, and both my warriors took a few steps back, their backs hitting the door behind them.
"L-Lucien...what...!"
"Where is she?" I snarled. I glared at Alexander. "Where is the fucking witch?" 
 Alexander gulped. "I-I don't—!"
"Don't give me that shit Alexander!" I roared. I slammed my hands on the desk, the wood cracking, then breaking in half. 
 Valentin looked away. "Alpha, please...calm down..." He murmured.  
 I glared at him, my eyes slowly blackening. "Calm down? You're telling ME to calm down? When I imprisoned three innocent wolves in silver? When I lost my Beta and my Beta female? When all of my pack was put in misery at the attacks? When you were almost killed? When my mate was almost raped? She did all of this and you're telling ME to calm down?" I yelled.
 Valentin rapidly shook his head. "N-No, Alpha! I..."
"Get Conner," I ordered. Nobody moved. "Don't just stand there like idiots! Somebody move their asses and get Conner here! I don't give a shit what he's doing! If you have to drag him out of the bathroom, then do it!" 
 Alexander and Valentin both scrambled to get out of my office, yanking the door open and shoving each other as they scampered away. 
 Rage built up inside of me. I clenched my hands to keep from breaking anything, yet, in mere seconds, my desk was in a splintered mess by my feet. My papers were strewn over the floor and I nearly punched the wall.
 Why? Why had she done it? Why had she done this to me? What had I done to her? I trusted her. I gave her what she asked for, whenever she needed it. I trusted her with my mate's life!
 A cold feeling settled inside me, and with a cold realization, I realized that if Raleigh didn't manage to tape Lucinda and some other man's conversation, she would have performed her surgery, or possibly killed Raleigh during the surgery. She could have easily sedated her then with the intent of surgery, then taken her away to do who knows what to her...My Luna...
 Conner came shortly after Valentin and Alexander left. His face was white as a sheet, which was startling since Conner had a very dark complexion. He was shaking with anger when he approached me.
"I take it they told you?" I asked smoothly, without any emotion. Conner nodded; his jaw clenched so tightly I could see the outline. 
"Where is she?" He growled. "I'm going to show that fucking bitch a thing or two."
  I held my hands up. "Wait, Conner—"
"Don't tell me to wait, Lucien!" Conner screamed. "She killed Logan and Drew! She betrayed us! She...she killed my best friend..." Conner looked like he was going to break down. "So, don't tell me to wait. Give that bitch a lesson, or I will." 
 I stepped out from behind my desk and put my hands-on Conner's shoulders.
"Let's go."
~*~

We ran directly to Lucinda's house, ignoring anyone who tried to stop us. Nobody really did. They had gotten used to seeing me running around more often. I bet they thought there was another showdown at one of the borders. If only.
Somehow, Lucinda's betrayal hurt me more than Dhoom's did. Maybe that was because Dhoom didn't give a shit about me or my siblings. Lucinda cared for us, or so I thought. She was a doctor, but she was also my friend.
 Was.
 Newfound anger and hurt fueled me to keep running. Knowing Raleigh was safe with Cindy, I didn't bother glancing back at the pack. I kept running, and running, and running. Lucinda had caused enough pain to my pack, and while it hurt me to do this, I had to.
 Once I got to her house, I didn't even bother to knock. I kicked her door down, walking with heavy footsteps into her house. She came, harried, into the threshold, looking astonished. 
 Bullshit.
 I glared at her, and she seemed to understand why even if she didn't say anything. She simply hung her head, looking away from me.
"Why?" I asked. "That's all I want to know...why?" 
 She sniffled. "Y-You wouldn't understand..." Her voice broke and I walked towards her. Conner and Valentin were already going through her house, smashing things, and looking for other incriminating pieces of evidence. Alexander stood behind me, waiting to help in case things got violent. 
"What wouldn't I understand, Lucinda? I trusted you and you broke that trust." I snarled. "Now I want to know, why? What did I do?"  
 Lucinda sniffled. "You didn't do anything, Alpha. I-It was us..."
"Us?"
"Us!" She didn't specify who 'us' was. In fact, she didn't say anything after. She simply broke down crying on her carpet. 
 Valentin and Conner came back into the living room, each of them carrying an armful of scrolls, along with Lucinda's personal electronic devices. 
 "Let's go," I ordered, my heart heavy. I nodded at Alexander, and he, albeit reluctantly, snapped the silver cuffs onto Lucinda's wrists. She cried out at the contact, but I had no pity left for her. I yanked her roughly to follow us, and she complied without hesitation.
 The whole pack was watching as we dragged Lucinda away. Many were murmuring. Others were glaring at her. Some even clawed at her shoes. Lucinda did nothing to protect herself. She curled into a ball, barely resisting as we dragged her to the waterfalls. We dove into the water, giving her no warning as to when to hold her breath. I pulled the latch to the prison's open, and with a large gush of water, we threw her into a cell. Her back hit the walls and she cried out.
 "I'm sorry Lucinda, but...I can't believe you did that..." I said. 
  Lucinda didn't look at me. She didn't apologize either, but I wasn't expecting her to. I shook my head, locking the cell. I glanced at Cell 9; the cell right next to hers. All three of the other wolves were going mad in there, their orange eyes violent and deceiving. I squinted, getting a closer look at them, then, something clicked.
"Wait...Tania doesn't have violet eyes." I said. Lucinda sniffled.
"Neither does Benedict." Alexander marveled.
"Nor does Wren," Valentin added, peering into the bars. Tania swiped at his face, and he stumbled back.
"Okay...not doing that again." He mumbled.
  I frowned, pinching my brows. "What was it that Alain had said?" I murmured. Conner looked down too, then suddenly, he snapped his fingers.
"Alain said that Dhoom can hypnotize wolves, just like Raleigh can!" He said. "Dhoom hypnotizes with a violet color!"
"Then they were hypnotized!" Alexander glared at Lucinda. "All thanks to the witch here."
  Lucinda didn't reply. She had squeezed herself into the shadowed corner of the cell. 
 I sighed, gently scraping my hands against the silver bars. I recoiled with a yelp.
 "Damn! I forgot they were silver!" I chuckled. I gazed at my pack members, all of them mad and ripping at invisible objects. "We'll find a way to cure you, I promise that." I closed my eyes, turning away. I caught Lucinda shifting under the light and sneered.
"Make sure she's watched, 24/7. I'll schedule her execution shortly." I scoffed.
  Lucinda made a strangled sound. "What?" She sounded hurt. Pathetic. 
 Conner snarled. "You know the penalty for spying, or did you forget." He growled. "The penalty is execution, witch. And the Alpha's done with pitying you." 
 I put a hand on Conner's shoulder. He was trembling. "Let's go, Conner," I said softly. Conner shrugged my hand off, glaring at the cell one last time before stomping up the steps.
  I sighed. "Leave him," I ordered, pulling Valentin back. "He needs to cool down. He and Drew were...very close." 
 Valentin nodded. "Yes, Alpha."
~*~
"What did you do to her?"
"Gah!" I jumped, not expecting a voice to be so quiet, yet so spooky at the same time. It didn't help that I was daydreaming about The Adam's Family. I turned to look down, and Raleigh was looking up at me, her eyes flickering. Somehow, I had gotten used to their constant changing.
"Do to who, sweetheart?" I asked. I held my towel up and bent down again, cupping her cheek.
"Lucinda...what did you do to her?" Raleigh repeated shyly. She shuffled on her feet. 
 I sighed. "Well, as per pack laws, we had to lock her up. We searched around her house and took all her paperwork, which turned out to be letters to Dhoom...mostly. There was another name mentioned, Gavin, but we decided we'd branch more in detail about those papers later." I kissed her gently on the forehead. "Thank you. If you didn't get that video, I'm not sure what would have happened."
  For the first time in a long time, Raleigh smiled. God, how I had missed that smile.
 I let emotions take over my mind. I leaned closer, pressing my lips to hers. She took a moment to respond, but once she did, it was just as needy as I was. I wasted no time getting her on the bed. It was easy, too, since both of us were barely wearing anything.
 Soon, I had her gasping underneath me, writhing and moaning. It made me exceptionally proud to know that I was the only man who had ever made her feel this alive, this wanting. I swiped my hands on every inch of bare skin, relishing her cries and begs. Her hips pressed against mine, and the electricity that I had forgotten about spiked in me. I threw my head back from the pleasure I got in return.
 Suddenly, in a flash of blue light, I was no longer on top of my gorgeous mate. In fact, I was underneath her, her hands on my shoulders, her hair a wild curtain around her face. She straddled my hips easily, as if crafted only to suit her. 
 She blushed. "I—What happened?" She stammered. Her eyes flickered more vibrantly from blue to brown, and I smirked, having a feeling Lune had something to do with the switch.
"I have no idea." I teased. I licked my lips, subconsciously easing her hips to fit against mine. She gasped, clearly not used to being on top.  
 She leaned against me, her head on my neck, and I smiled, kissing her forehead.
 I leaned up to whisper into her ear: "Just for tonight, I'm giving you full reign." 
 Her eyes lightened.
"What? Really?" She asked.
  I smiled, leaning back. From this point of view, looking up at her, she really was the most beautiful woman I had seen. I stroked her legs, her hips, the slope of her stomach.
"Yes. But just for tonight, to give you a treat of how wonderful it feels to be connected to you." I murmured. Raleigh smiled shyly for a moment, then, her eyes gleamed, a dark blue gleam.
"Game on."


Raleigh: Chapter 37

 A few weeks after the whole Lucinda ordeal, once the pack had once again settled down, I found myself sitting in the grassy fields by Lucinda's vacated house with Jasmine, Cindy, Louis, and Everest. Lucien, along with the other buffer men of the pack, were clearing through Lucinda's house, looking for any other pieces of evidence we can use against the Rogue King...or Dhoom. I still wasn't sure what to call him.
 I didn't think the pack was completely off guard, especially with Tania, Wren, and Benedict in urgent care. Luckily, none of them had to be put in a coma.
I was the only person sitting on the benches, which made me a bit queasy, but I didn't say it out loud. Cindy sat in front of me, plucking flowers for me to weave into a flower crown. The others watched with silent curiosity. I weaved it skillfully and quickly, having been used to making flower crowns to many of the orphaned kids back at Lexi's care.
"Wow. That's so beautiful, Raleigh." Jasmine complimented. "How do you do it?"
"Make a flower crown?"
"Yeah." Her eyes were still puffy from crying, and she wiped them rapidly, noticing me looking. 
 I frowned. "I learned to make these when I was little. I didn't like staying inside a lot, so I played with the flowers and—" I snipped an extra part of the stem off, offering the crown to Jasmine "—here we are." 
 She smiled at me, accepting the crown. She placed it gently on top of her head. "It's gorgeous, Raleigh. Thank you." She thanked.
  I waved her politeness aside. "It's no issue. I like making them," I replied.
  Cindy continued to pluck the flowers with a jaunty tune flowing from her throat. She bobbed her head as she hummed, sometimes pulling off a petal or two and stuffing them into her pocket.
"What are you doing?" Everest questioned.
"What do you mean?" Cindy looked up slowly as if she had bobbed her head for too long to the tune she was humming. 
 Louis chuckled. "He meant why are you plucking the petals." He explained.
 Cindy grinned. "Here, we have a tradition in which we place petals on the wolves in urgent care. It is said to help them wake up quickly because when the Moon Goddess gave birth, the first thing she noticed was a purple flower by her side," She said. 
"How does the Moon Goddess giving birth have anything to do with a wolf in urgent care?" Everest asked.
"I don't know. Legend has it her baby went into a deep coma, and to transfer the medicine to the pup, she had to use something to add flavor to it. The flowers were the first thing she saw, so that's what she used," Jasmine said, sniffling. 
 I bit my lip. "So, what happened to the baby?" I asked.
 Cindy and Jasmine exchanged looks. "I—"
"The legend says she was abandoned," Louis finished. Cindy gave him a grateful smile and he winked. "She wasn't wanted by her father, and her mother couldn't take care of her, so she was abandoned."
  I balked at him. "What? Why didn't he want her? Why didn't her mother want to keep her?" I felt a slight wave of anger rise in me, reminding me of my own adoption. What was it with parents these days?
"Nobody knows," Cindy hummed. "Some say she died. Others don't care. It's a mystery nobody bothers to solve because there's no truth to that legend."
"Uh...duh? It's called a legend for a reason," Jasmine snapped. 
 Cindy rolled her eyes. "So? If it wasn't completely believable, it would be called a myth! A legend means it has a short percentage of a chance to be real," She countered. 
 Jasmine groaned. "Believe what you want to believe. All those legends are just elderly women talk," She sneered. 
"What's got your tail in a twist, Jazz? Mad that Lucien spends more time with his gal than you?" Louis teased.
  I blushed, looking down, and Jasmine stuck her tongue out at him.
"No! I, for one, am perfectly okay with them hooking up all the time." She glared. "It's just hanging out with you that's irritating me."
"You sure?" Louis pressed. 
 I noticed Jasmine beginning to squirm so I quickly replied for her before this pleasant afternoon could become a sibling tournament. 
"I think she's okay with it, Louis," I stated firmly.
  Louis immediately shut his mouth and I sighed in relief. I knew why she was really queasy, and I felt sorry for her, much to my disappointment.
"Do you think Lucien will execute Lucinda?" Everest asked suddenly. 
 I blinked, the sentence taking a few moments to compute in my brain. "What? Execute her? Why?" I asked. 
 Cindy yanked harder on a flower than she was supposed to. The stem snapped and she grumbled under her breath, tossing the wet green stalks away. "Pack law states that any spies are to have their necks snapped," She grumbled. 
 I swallowed. "But Lucien won't do that to Lucinda...would he?" 
 Jasmine shrugged. "He's the Alpha King. He can do what he wants." 
 Louis glared. "What my sister means to say," he growled. "Is that, yes, Lucien most likely will execute Lucinda."
"To be fair, he should," Cindy snipped. "She killed Logan and Drew, she almost had Raleigh raped, she ravaged the pack. Should I keep going? Why I'd jump for joy while watching her neck snap."
"...I think you need to do some meditation," I muttered. 
 Cindy scoffed. "I've tried that already," She said. "Didn't work."
"I think you need to calm down," Jasmine said. "Look, I know you're upset about Lucinda, hell, we all are. But arguing about it isn't going to do anything. Lucien and the others are handling the situation. Leave them."
"I still wonder why she did it, though," Everest mused. "Like, what motive did she have to betray Lucien? He didn't do anything to her!"
"Well, we'll find out one way or another," Louis grunted, leaning back on the grass. "Who's doing your surgery now, Raleigh?"
"I don't know. Probably a human doctor," I suggested. Huh, human. That word sounded so foreign here. Sometimes I forgot that I still was a human.
"If you're okay with it...I'll do your surgery," Louis offered.
  I paused threading my crown. "What?"
  Louis flushed. "I... I used to help patch up the wounded whenever..." Louis shivered, glancing at the scalpel cuts on his arms "Whenever Lucinda was busy, I guess." 
 I smiled. "Well, as long as it's okay with Lucien, I'd love for you to do my surgery," I agreed. 
 Louis smiled widely and Everest's eyebrows rose in shock.
"Wow! You're going to let him do your surgery, just like that?" He asked, snapping his fingers. 
 I shrugged. "Yeah. I trust Louis more than I trust human doctors...and Lucinda..."
"Luna!"
  The title I had been forced to get used to was cried with a shrill somewhere behind me. I turned on my seat, smiling when I caught Avery's blonde hair poking from under the dandelions. I could hear gurgling, which meant that Ananya was not too far behind him.
"Hey, kiddos!" Cindy greeted them with enthusiasm. She placed Avery on her hip and Ananya came bounding towards me. She had changed since I last saw her. She had gotten taller, that was for sure. Her eyes, once green, now looked partially blue. Avery didn't change, however. He still had his dark hair and bluebell eyes. Always reminiscent of Cindy.
"They look kind of like you, Cindy." I noticed.
 Cindy looked at me, then at the pups.
  Everest hummed. "You're right, sis. They do look kinda like Cindy." 
 Cindy frowned. "It's just a coincidence. Many pups in the pack look alike," She denied. 
"Yeah, but you're not a pup. You're an adult," Jasmine pointed out.  
 Cindy twirled Avery's hair and he gleefully bounced in her lap.
"She's probably right. It's just a coincidence," Louis finally said.  
 Cindy smiled at him. "It's okay, Louis. I know that they're teasing me," She thanked.
  Louis shrugged. "Eh, no problem." He looked up.
"They're starting to get the noose ready," I murmured. I fiddled with the crown on my lap. 
"Did Lucien tell you about...you know...?" Everest gestured to the looped rope.
  I sighed. "Yeah."
"What did he tell you?" Cindy asked. 
 Ananya swiped at my foot and Jasmine helped her crawl onto my lap. I wrapped my arms around her waist, burying my head into her tiny curls of blackish/blonde hair. 
"He said I probably have to witness the hanging with him," I grumbled. I peeked up from Ananya's locks, catching Everest's shiver.
"Yikes, must suck, huh?" 
 I rolled my eyes. "Please. None of this was ever in my life plans," I scoffed. "Especially not witnessing a hanging."
"What was in your life plans, then?" Louis scooted over to my feet. "If you had never met Lucien, what would you have done?"
  The question caught me off guard, and now that I think of it, I don't really know what I would have done. I presumed I'd be forced to stay home and care for the children. David had made it firm that college was nowhere in my plans.
"I... don’t know, to be honest," I said. "I didn't get a chance to apply for a college, my guardians had no money to pay for that. I guess I would have stayed home, looked after the little ones." I bounced Ananya on my lap, and Avery made grabby hands at her.
 I giggled. "What? You want your sister, Avery?" I teased. 
 Avery pouted. "Yes! Now gimmie!" He made his grabby motions again, and with a laugh, I gave in to his demands. I handed Ananya to Jasmine, who placed her carefully on the grass. She gurgled, crawling to her brother who quickly swept her into his tiny, chubby arms.
"Now, remember. Stay away from the pack lines, okay?" Jasmine warned.
  Avery nodded sternly, his pout morphing into a fierce thin line. "Got it," He then proceeded to waddle away with Ananya squirming to be free from his grasp. Once the overprotective pup was out of our sights, Cindy and Jasmine began to laugh.
"Avery's so cute!" Cindy cooed. "How could anyone give them up?'
"Those types of wolves are heartless," Jasmine spat. "They don't understand the true joys of raising a pup."
"Oh, and you do?" Louis teased. 
 Jasmine glared. "Yes. I raised you."
"Yeah...but Lucien raised the both of us," Louis countered. "So technically, he'd be the one to understand the true joys of raising a pup."
"Hurry up! The hanging is at noon!" A large wolf reprimanded, smacking another wolf on the back, a cruel gesture to make him hurry. The wolf whimpered, struggling under the heavy load he was carrying. 
 I clenched my jaw. "What's his problem?" I asked.
  Jasmine hummed. "Him? That's Wyatt, Wren's brother. He's usually a nice guy, though."
"I bet he's still fuming about his sister's mistaken identity arrest," Cindy suggested.
"He'll be okay. Once Lucinda's executed," Louis said firmly. "I know Wyatt. He gets pretty upset when something happens to his family."
"Well...that's good, then." Jasmine squeezed my knee, as if sensing my discomfort over Lucinda's execution. "Hey, are you okay? I know watching someone you once trusted get executed must be pretty hard."
 I took a deep breath, clenching my crown. "Yeah...I'll be fine. I guess my brain is still trying to swallow the fact that Lucinda betrayed us all," I swallowed as if it could force my tears behind my eyes. "I just want to know, why? Why did she do it?"
"Everyone needs closure on this," Louis said. "But in reality, there never is any closure because the person is dead already, and nothing can bring them back."
"You have a point there." Everest murmured. "But at least you'll know why today at the execution."
"And we'll all be there. Lucien's the one who's actually going to be...well...executing her," Cindy assured. 
"How does he feel about that? Has he executed anyone else before?"
"A few. Not as many. He's gotten used to it; I suppose. One of the downsides of being Alpha King. You gotta do your own dirty work," Louis snarled. "He lives with that guilty conscience every day, knowing he hanged someone."
"We all have secrets to hide, even the Alpha King." Jasmine placed the crown gently on my forehead. "It's up to us if we want to look past that mask and see the person behind the plastic smile." 
~*~

At exactly noon, I found myself standing by Cindy up on the hanging post. She and I, along with Conner, had gotten an exclusive, front-row seat to the latest movie! The Hanging of the Informant!
Lucky us.
 I squirmed on my feet, hoping to finish this as quickly as possible. Lucinda had requested a private execution, and so, to fulfill her wish, Lucien ordered that everyone in the pack have their blinds drawn and doors locked at exactly noon for the execution to take place. All of the wolves readily agreed. I bet none of them wanted to witness a public execution.
 So here I was, dressed in some old garb I had found stuffed beneath newer clothes and getting ready to see the blood and limp body of a woman I had once trusted. If my trust issues were bad already, this one just really hit the bucket.
 Lucien jogged up the creaky steps to the pedestal, going immediately to Conner. Cindy and I scooted aside as they began to talk in what I guessed to be as Latin. I looked up at the noose again and Cindy caught my eye.
"Never seen a public execution before, have you Raleigh?" She asked, smiling slightly.
  I shrugged. "Only in movies. Not ever in real life. What is it like?" Cindy shivered at the question. Her blonde hair, which was usually in a beautiful braid, was flowing in sheets down her back. Her clothes were dirty and torn, just like mine were. In fact, even Lucien and Conner were dressed ruggedly.
"Sometimes these executions get a bit messy," Cindy explained, noting my odd glances.
  I flushed. "Oh...is it quick?"
"The execution?"
"Yes."
"Usually. Unless someone tries to play hard or they have a long speech. Lucien is quick about them. He doesn't like executions much, but he has to do it."
"Oh..." I nodded, feeling slightly awkward. I rolled back and forth on my heels, trying to whistle a slow tune to pass the time. 
Soon, as the sun began to slowly fall to touch the horizon, Alexander and Valentin appeared, both of them drenched in water but snarling in agitation. They dragged a shaking Lucinda, but at first, I hardly recognized her!
 Her beautiful pink eyes, once alive with eagerness and poise, were now dimmed and dull. They hardly showed any emotion the Lucinda I knew once possessed. Her hair was matted and in a tangled mess, her braid spiking like splinters. Her clothes were in shreds, practically see-through. 
 She didn't breathe a word as Alexander and Valentin flung her onto the splintered decks of the hanging post. It looked like she had accepted her fate.
 Lucien yanked her up roughly by her arm and positioned her feet on the stool he had put there earlier. He didn't say a single word as he tightened the noose around Lucinda's head size, fitting the length just right. When he put his foot on the ledge of the stool, Lucinda spoke.
"May I say a few words before you push, Alpha?" She requested quietly.
  Lucien clenched his jaw, eyes hard. "Go ahead."
"I need to see the Luna." 
 Without complaining, Lucien twisted the stool, all the while making sure Lucinda's bounds were tight and her head still inside the noose. She looked directly into my eyes, and I felt Lune making an appearance.
"What is it?" I asked harshly. 
 Lucinda winced. "I... I wanted to apologize—for everything...and I wanted to explain...everything..." 
 I glared at her. "Then do explain," I growled, some of Lune's voice blending in with mine. 
 Lucinda sighed. "A... A long time ago. I met a man, and we fell in love. We were mates...and we had everything...or so I thought..."  
 Lucien tugged on the rope; his eyes narrow. "Keep going," He snarled.
  Lucinda looked away, tears forming in her eyes. She shifted in her binds. "We had a baby...a beautiful baby girl. Our first pup...but...my Alpha wasn't pleased..."
"Dhoom?" I clipped. 
 Lucinda nodded. "Yes. He knew that if I had a pup, my husband wouldn't be able to continue to do his dirty work." She swallowed. "As it so happened, my pup grew very ill, and at the newborn phase, it was very hard to cure him. Only the magic of the Moon Goddess could cure him."
"So? What does that have to do with Raleigh?" Cindy asked. 
"We had spies...we had spies tell of a newborn girl who had been adopted into a neighboring pack..." Lucinda continued. She then looked me dead in the eye. "The Moon Goddesses daughter."
"What?" All of us chorused simultaneously. All eyes swiveled to me, and my palms felt sweaty.  
 My heart was throbbing, brain pounding, but somehow, Lucinda's words made sense. Lune began to howl in my head, and when a blue light flashed through Lucien, Cindy, and Conner's eyes, I knew.
 Lune. La Lune. Moon in French.
 I was an idiot!
 Lucinda smiled as if she knew I had understood. She shifted again in her binds. "Yes, Luna Queen. You are the daughter of the Moon Goddess. Holder of her powers, keeper of many wolves’ hearts." Her eyes cut through me, and it was just then that I realized how predatory she could look. I winced.
"Keep talking," Lucien ordered. 
 Lucinda gagged. "Additionally," She choked. "Your brother, Everest. He had run away from your pack after your father started to go mad. Dhoom terrorized him, haunted him. Your brother had little value to his life, but Dhoom cherished the information he gave." Her clipped eyes grazed Lucien. "You remember? How close you and Tiger were? Everest told Dhoom everything. Then, he ran. Without any given explanation, he ran. Dhoom chased him for years, terrorized him just as he did your father!" 
 She had begun to growl now, drooling. Her eyes were glowing, her shape-changing. Lucien's eyes glowed and he roughly kicked her on her shin. With a cry, she returned to her human shape, snarling.
"We were happy!" She snarled. "Until...Until you ruined everything!" She flung at her binds, trying to leap at me. With a scream, I scrambled back, Cindy holding me firmly beside her. Lucien struggled to control Lucinda while Conner sedated her. She, once injected, slumped, awake, but drained.
"My husband—" She began to cry "He—He was sent to kidnap you. Dhoom wanted to use you to overthrow his son...you, Lucien." She looked at Lucien and he looked away, tugging the rope. She snarled. "But he-he failed...and because he failed...Dhoom let my daughter die! He threw her to the wolves! I-I had to watch her body disappear into the gnashing of teeth...my baby girl..."
  Lucinda's cries hit something inside me. Something personal. I was already confused with the whole 'Mood Goddess daughter' thing, but I felt exceptionally sorry for Lucinda. All she had done, everything she had tried, it was all for her deceased child.
"Then what?" Conner growled. Lucien tugged roughly on the rope and Lucinda whimpered.
"My husband was sent to another pack, a punishment. I too was deported, you saw my file, Alpha King. You saw the attempted smudged signature." She smiled cruelly when she saw how ashamed Lucien looked. "But you didn't see it then. You eagerly accepted me into your pack, unaware of how wrong you would be to allow me to step foot onto your lands. So gullible..."
  Lucien snarled, loudly. He pulled the rope up slightly and Lucinda began to choke.
"Anything else?" He growled angrily. 
 Lucinda wrung her hands. She looked at Cindy, her pink eyes holding the bluebells orb captive.
"No matter how hard Dhoom tried, my husband and I always met each other in secret." She continued to look at Cindy. "We had three children together...two girls and one boy...all of them abandoned...Cindy...Avery...Ananya...my pups."
"Shut the fuck up!" Conner roared. In a flash, he was up in front of Lucinda. Cindy was trembling, yet frozen.
"I am sick and tired of your fucking nonsense. If you wanna fuck with our minds, then say so bitch!" He cried. Lucinda simply shook her head, sighing sadly.
"Your patch...my symbol..." She craned her neck, exposing a diamond cornered by two other diamonds, Cindy's patch design.
"N-No... you’re lying..." 
 Lucinda raised an eyebrow. "Was I lying about the Luna Queen being the Moon Goddesses daughter?" She asked.
  Cindy looked at me, her eye begging me to tell Lucinda she was wrong. Unfortunately, I couldn't. It was already confirmed: My powers, Lune, my tattoo. It was all because of my mother...the Moon Goddess.
"See?" Lucinda said after a moment of silence. "You, Avery, Ananya. You are all my pups, yet...here you stand, watching your poor mother be executed without a word—!"
"No!" Cindy roared. "No! You are not my mother! You will never be my mother! You weren't there when we needed it! You abandoned us, left me to the dogs with my 'father.' I was lied to about my whole existence! You...You never cared about any of us..." 
 Cindy ripped the eye patch from her eye. She looked up hotly, her white eye portraying more anger than her blue one. She stomped up to Lucinda, grabbing her by the collar.
"I will be the person Avery and Ananya never had. You never are, and never will be, my mother." She pulled away, flushed, and stomped back to stand next to me, huffing angrily.
 Lucinda bent her head and Lucien growled.
"Done?" He asked. 
 Lucinda glared at him. "You should be thankful. I told you much," She snarled.
 Lucien scoffed, laughing bitterly. "Yeah, grateful." 
 He rounded the rope, tightening the straps and giving one last tug—
—and with a cry and howl, the chair was tipped.


Lucien: Chapter 38

  Sitting in the bleak waiting room that day, to any wolf passing by, they'd think I was the one having an operation done.
Caspian was too busy howling with laughter in my head to console me, so I had to resort to flipping through magazines to occupy myself. I tapped my foot on the white ground, trying to distract myself.
  It had been nearly two years since I had been in the hospital. I remember when I first came here, back when Raleigh had first come to my pack. That was years ago, yet it still felt like yesterday.
The hospital hadn't changed much. Luckily, it had managed to stand during the attacks we had been getting these past few days. Dhoom really meant it when he said he wanted the crown. One after another, wolves kept barging into my pack, attacking the first wolves they'd seen. Their violet eyes controlled mercilessly by my father—
—Just like I had been.
 I shivered slightly. I knew the war was coming. Caspian knew it too. He'd been mentally preparing me for days on end. Even at night, all I heard from him was his constant phrase of: You'd better not fuck this up.
 Raleigh didn't seem as worried as I thought she'd be. She aimlessly hummed a tune to herself, flipping through a girl's magazine. I carefully eyed the way her eyes widened at the slim models and their poses. 
  The hospital was pure white, with some neon blue tiles here and there. The waiting room was stuffy and congested, many injured wolves and pups milling about. I remember how when Lucinda was here, an order was always in place. Not anymore it was.
  The carpet was peeling, something I'd have to look into later. The atmosphere smelled of the human hospital, a place I dreaded to visit. The paint chipped from the walls and the doctors walked around as if they were robots. No purpose except wasting time.
  Raleigh's eyes were glowing. Lune was probably talking to her. It had been days since Lucinda's reveal, and ever since then, I hardly heard a word from my mate. She was extremely quiet, always in her own world. Lucinda wasn't lying, that fact had become obvious. How I didn't realize it before, I had no idea. It was in plain sight, yet, none of us had recognized it.
  Cindy, too, had been off the radar. Ever since witnessing her mother's execution, she had resigned herself to silence, just as Raleigh had. She was hardly out of the house, always with the excuse that she was caring for Avery and Ananya. Conner was going mad with two pups in his house, especially because Cindy was very sick these past few days.
  Finally gathering whatever courage, I had left, I turned to Raleigh. "Are you nervous?" 
  Raleigh frowned. Her eyes stopped flickering briefly. "No, not really," She answered softly. She hadn't spoken in almost a month! I had forgotten how beautiful, how melodious her voice sounded. "I've had surgeries done before. I know how they work."
"Really?"
  Raleigh nodded. She rolled her sleeves up, eyes still drooping from the early appointment. "Yes. These scars by my tendons are from my release surgery. I had it when I was nine," She shivered. "Not the best age, I'll admit now, but Lexi was desperate."
  I hummed. "Hm... How have you been doing? You haven't said a word after..."
 Raleigh easily caught on, shrugging. "I'm doing okay. Still trying to wrap my mind around everything, I suppose. Lune's helping me...even if it still feels like a dream." She shook her head. "I guess I never thought that my mother could be...well...could be so powerful!" 
 I smiled. "Well, that explains her daughter." 
 Raleigh rolled her eyes. "I suppose...She talked to me once."
"Really? When?"
"When we were on vacation. When we found Louis. She came in my dreams...she showed me you."
"She showed you me?"
"Yeah, she showed me Louis's abduction... your phase..."
"Yeah, not my best memory." I scratched the back of my head. "I did many terrible things, and I'm forced to live with them, now."
"True. But you have me," Raleigh chirped. 
 I chuckled. "Yes, yes I do." I kissed her head. "Are you okay with Louis doing your surgery?"
"Yes," Raleigh said firmly. "I'd rather have Louis do it than someone I don't know." She swallowed. I saw the way her eyes had widened once I tipped the stool, the way she'd screamed at Lucinda's lifeless eyes, her dangling, red tongue. I didn't tell her what Conner and I had done to the body. I didn't want her to throw up her lunch...again.
"What will happen to Lune when they sedate me, Lucien?" Raleigh asked.
"She'll be fine. She'll just be sleeping, like you." I explained. "Nothing will happen to her, or you. I wouldn't be letting you do this if I didn't trust Louis." I squeezed her hand. "You're a strong girl, darling. You'll be fine. And I'll be right there when you wake up."  
 Raleigh smiled nervously. "I hope so...I hate surgeries..."
"Well, think about it this way. Once this is over, you'll be able to do things you weren't able to do before!" I tried to cheer her up. All morning, her anxiety had continuously crashed into me like a wall, and nothing I did could break it.
"Do you think I'll meet my..., my mother, again? Do you think she knows my father?" Raleigh asked. 
 I shrugged. "I don't know. I-I've only met the Moon Goddess once, and that was when she exiled my father. I don't know what she'll do, but I do know that you will see her, Raleigh. You are her daughter."
"Yeah, the daughter she abandoned," Raleigh muttered bitterly.
  I smiled sadly. "We don't know that for sure..." 
 Raleigh scoffed. "Yeah, right. I was found in a basket, Lucien! With nothing but a blanket!"
  I snapped my fingers. "Speaking of found, your parents called me yesterday. They asked if they could visit you."
"What did you say?"
"I said yes, once you're healed." 
 Raleigh smiled shyly. "They may not be my real parents, but I would like to get to know them," She agreed. 
"Everest was pretty excited when I told him," I said. I dropped the magazine on the desk by my chair. "He's excited about everything, then again." 
 Raleigh giggled. "Everest is more like a sister than a brother, in the sense that he's pretty girly," She smiled. 
 I raised my eyebrow. "So, the dress that was missing...?" 
 Raleigh nodded. "Yeah. That was Everest. He and Ranveer went on a date," She said.
  I whistled lowly. "That whole thing with Ranveer was a shock in the beginning, but now it keeps getting weirder." 
 Raleigh frowned. "How so?"
"In all my years of knowing Ranveer, never, ever, did he play tea party," I said stoically.
  Raleigh burst into fits of giggles. "When...?"
"A few weeks ago. I was patrolling the area when I caught them in the fields. God my eyes!" I wiped at my eyes again, as if the images were flashing through my face again.
  Raleigh laughed. "That's what you get for being nosy," She scolded.  
 The wooden doors opened to the waiting room, all heads turning to the nurse that stood there. She froze for a moment, a deer caught in headlights. Then, she coughed, studying her clipboard.
"Raleigh Rivercrest?" She called. 
 With shaky legs, Raleigh stood. I followed closely behind, observing their interactions. The nurse smiled at Raleigh as if she were looking down at a child.
"Hello, Raleigh. My name is Emily. I'll be your nurse today," Emily greeted. 
 Raleigh swayed shyly, clutching her hands together. "Nice to meet you," She mumbled. 
  Emily laughed softly, bowing to me. "Alpha King," She acknowledged. 
  I nodded at her, not wanting to say more. Caspian was no longer in my head, probably calming Lune down. Raleigh's eyes had been flickering mercilessly as soon as the nurse called her name, and we both knew how much vertigo she got when that happened.
 The nurse-led Raleigh to an open area by the locked doors which were hidden behind a curtain. She helped Raleigh into the green chair by a blood pressure machine and tied a plastic hospital bracelet onto her wrist. Then, she strapped a strap connected to the pressure machine to Raleigh's arm, clipping a clip onto her middle finger. I watched quietly as the machine beeped, Emily jotting some things down. Then she took the height and weight, writing those all down with a few mumbles.
  After a while, she scanned her ID on the scanner on the door. With a sharp buzz, the doors opened and we began to walk on the carpet. Emily led Raleigh to a large, dark room. On the bed was a dark blue nightgown, the rough ones. 
 She smiled at us. "All clothes except underwear come off. Tie the nightgown in the back. I'll be outside." 
 She handed Raleigh the folded garments and zipped out of the room, presumably to the computer on the opposing wall.
Raleigh looked down at the square clothes folded in her arms, confusion completely etched on her face. Then, she looked up at me. "How do I wear these?" 
 I laughed. "Here." I helped her undress slowly, taking her clothes off one by one until she was only wearing her underwear. She wrapped her arms around herself, cold. Quickly, I slipped the rough nightgown above her, tying the laces behind her back. She shivered.
"Cold?"
"...Yeah...cold," She murmured.
  I chuckled. "It is pretty chilly in here. They won't do the surgery here, though. They'll bring you to another room."
  I tightened the laces to her gown unintentionally, looking away. I felt anxious, really, really anxious. I knew Raleigh was strong, and I knew nothing would happen to her, yet, I couldn't help but be worried. Before Emily came back inside, I kissed her, softly and in haste.
 Raleigh wrinkled her nose, giggling. "What was that for?"
  I shrugged. "Do I need a reason?" I winked, and she giggled harder. 
 “Are you finished?" Emily poked her head through the door, smiling. Had she looked any sooner, I'm not sure she would have liked what she saw, neither would I.
 She opened the door wider, gesturing for us to follow her. Raleigh wrapped her arms around herself tighter. Her self-consciousness fell hard on me and I stepped behind her, shielding her back.
 Thank you, she murmured through the mind-link.
 Don't worry about it.
 The new room Emily showed us was much lighter than the other room, yet smaller. The bed was rolled in the middle of the room, airbags, and other equipment surrounding it. The sheets were pure white, pillows fluffed to the nines. Next to the bed were two chairs, probably for the company.
"The doctor will be here shortly," Emily informed after she typed up her notes onto the computer. She squeezed Raleigh's hand and walked to the door, but not before asking: "What's your favorite flavor? Strawberry or mint?"
  Raleigh had to think about that for a moment. "Strawberry," She decided finally. 
 Emily nodded, leaving. As soon as she left, Raleigh collapsed back on the bed.
"When she says in a few minutes, she really means thirty," She grumbled.
  I plopped onto the hard seats, lacing our fingers together. "I'm sure she doesn't mean that," I said. 
 Raleigh smirked. "Oh, believe me, she does."
~*~
 Raleigh won. But not because Louis came thirty minutes later.
Louis came an hour later!
 At least Emily had enough of a conscience to look sheepish. While Louis was typing furiously at the computer, Emily handed Raleigh a plastic medicine cup filled with pink liquid. 
"This is the sedative. It'll taste a bit sour, but it works quickly," She promised. 
  Raleigh looked hesitant to drink the thick liquid, and I couldn't really blame her. It did look disgusting. Yet Raleigh, my brave Raleigh, pinched her nose, squeezed her eyes shut, and swallowed the medicine in one gulp. Even Emily looked astounded.
 "Uh...okay! I'll see you soon, Luna Queen." She said, slowly backing out of the room. 
  Raleigh wiped the sticky substance off her mouth, frowning. "What did I do?" She asked. 
  I coughed, trying to smother my laughter. Louis's shoulders were bouncing.
"I don't think she's ever seen someone swallow medicine that readily," I answered, still laughing.
  Raleigh rolled her eyes, leaning back. "Men." She scoffed. She fixed her head on the pillow.
"You're not going to throw up looking at sinews, are you Louis?" I teased.
  Louis rolled his eyes. "Yeah, right. I've had my fair share of cutting wolves and humans alike—" He turned, presumably to talk to Raleigh "—up?" 
 I glanced at the bed, my eyes widening. Raleigh was already passed out, her eyes close and breathing even. Louis and I looked at each other.
"Damn, that works fast," I mumbled. I stood just as nurses began to filter into the room.
  Louis clapped my shoulder. "I'll make sure she's safe. Trust me, Lucien."
  I smiled. "I trust you, bro."
~*~

 After they wheeled Raleigh to the operation room, a nurse-led me back to the waiting area, where almost immediately after I sat, Caspian began to fret.
What if something happens to her?
Louis is with her.
Yeah, but what if he cuts the wrong thing?
He won't, Caspian.
How do you know? What if she's not strong enough? What if Lune wakes? What if—!
Caspian! Caspian stopped pacing abruptly. Raleigh is fine. I trust Louis. Everything will be okay.
 Caspian whimpered. Can you blame me for being worried? He whined.
 I rolled my eyes fondly. Not exactly. I too am worried. All we can do, really, is wait. Caspian growled.
For how long? 
 I shrugged. I don't know, I replied. I really didn't, but I did bring things to occupy myself with. For the next appalling seven hours, I sifted through piles of war documents and forms, as well as other papers from other packs. 
 Conner and Cindy, at one point, came to visit. Cindy played idly on her phone while Conner helped me with the work. Unlike human hospitals, patients in wolf packs can have many visitors.
"Are you worried about Raleigh?" Conner asked bluntly, once all the paperwork had been completed.
  I sighed. "If I'm being honest, yes. I know she's a strong girl, yet I can't help but be worried about her." 
 Cindy smiled. "It's nothing foreign. You're a werewolf. You're obviously going to be worried about her. I'm sure she'll be fine, though." Conner hummed.
"It has been seven hours, though. How much lo—"
"Alpha?" Emily appeared at the door, still dressed in purple scrubs. Her hands were free from her gloves, but I could still see some specks of blood, which made my stomach churn.
"Yes?" I asked. 
 Emily smiled, a relief to my body. "The procedure was a success. The Luna is fine. We just brought her to another room where she's waking up. If you would like, I can take you all to see her."
  I nodded eagerly. "Yes, please."
  Emily waved her hand and we all stood, following her as she quickly paced down the halls. Cindy's eyes gleamed, and it took me a moment to realize that she was no longer wearing her patch.
"I don't want to wear anything that reminds me of her," Cindy stated firmly when I asked. She touched her white eye briefly, shivering.  
"How are Ananya and Avery?" I asked, diverting the topic again. Cindy brightened, but Conner slumped.
"Amazing!"
"Annoying!"
"Hey!" Cindy glared at Conner and he rolled his eyes. "They are my siblings!"
"So?"
"Okay!" I cut in. "They're doing good, right Cindy?"
  Cindy grunted. "Yeah, they are. For the most part." She clenched her jaw, her eyes changing color. I had never met Cecelia, Cindy's wolf, and I didn't want to either. Luckily, we had reached Raleigh's room by now. Both Cindy and Conner zipped their lips as Emily opened the door. 
 Raleigh was laying on the bed, looking no different than she had before. Her hair was matted and her eyes were sticky, but I didn't care. She was alive, she was fine. I rushed up to her, gripping her limp hand, careful of the IV's.
  She stirred. "Lucien?" She croaked. I brushed some of her hair aside.
"I told you I'd be here when you woke," I cooed. 
 Raleigh tried for a smile, but I could see she was incredibly sleepy. She was hooked up to many machines, a few which were feeding her medicine.
"Lower her dose of oxycontin," Louis ordered, making his presence known. "I don't want another addict."
  Emily nodded, hastening to carry about his order. Louis stood by me, Cindy and Conner on the other side of the bed.
  He clapped my shoulder. "Well? I told you she'd be okay," He teased.  
 I smiled. "Thank you, Louis," I said. 
 Louis smiled warmly. "Anything for family," He said. He pushed one side of the bars to the bed down and propped Raleigh upon the pillow. He turned her slightly, pulling the strings holding her gown apart. With wide eyes, Cindy, Conner, and I watched as he traced a long scar down her back.  Raleigh flinched. 
 "It's going to be tender for a few weeks," Louis murmured. "She should be released in a week, at most. Possibly sooner. Her back will be numb for a few years, at least, but it will slowly subside." He clipped the clipboard onto her door and came back, rolling his sleeves. "Help me get her up, Lucien."
  Conner and I exchanged odd glances, but I still did what Louis asked. I helped him get Raleigh to her feet, and once she was stable, her mouth opened, sticky eyes prying apart.
"W-What...?"
  We helped her with a smile to the bathroom so that Emily was able to fix something while she was standing. Raleigh gazed at her reflection in the mirror, frowning. She patted her hair and wiped her eyes, touching her puffy skin.
Damn. I look hideous. I heard her think. Immediately I walked over to her, kissing her forehead.
"You know, you look really beautiful," I said. 
 Raleigh raised her eyebrow. "Yeah, right," She croaked; voice raspy.  
 I smiled. "I'm serious!" I pressed. 
 Raleigh easily relented. I could tell she wasn't in the mood to argue, or speak. She was drained of energy, her body weak.
"Okay. Back to bed, sweetie." Emily instructed. Louis and I helped her back to her bed, where she remained awake, eyes wide open. I sat by her, brushing her hair, and stroking her head. Cindy took her other hand.
"Where's Conner?" I asked.
"He went to get some food. Mind if we stay, too?" She asked.
  I looked down at Raleigh, who looked like she was begging me to let Cindy stay too.
  I smiled. "Sure. I think Raleigh would like it, too." 
 Cindy squealed. "Yes! Girl, you do not know what you missed! So..."   
  And so, for the next thirty minutes, I listened to Cindy's boring girl gossip about the latest fashions to the pack drama, to Ananya and Avery. How both Raleigh and Conner dealt with her, I have no idea.
At one point, as the sky began to darken, Conner did come back upstairs with food, but he looked panicked, as if he were looking at Dhoom straight in the eye. He was holding an old piece of parchment paper with him, and my heart stilled. Only one Alpha used that kind of paper anymore.
"Uh...Cindy, can you help Raleigh eat? I have...to go use the bathroom..." I lied hastily. 
 Cindy frowned. "Sure...I guess." She was easily tricked, falling back into her conversation. Raleigh was half paying attention to her, her eyes glowing and hazy. With any luck, Cindy would talk her to sleep!
 I gestured for Conner to talk outside in the hall. He clutched the paper tightly, his face ashen. His bottom lip trembled and I was worried he was going to cry.
"What is it, Conner? What happened?" I asked worriedly. 
 Conner didn't say anything. His whole form trembled as he handed me the paper. It was in an ancient language, but I could just make out the last few words. My heart stopped, and I felt just as queasy as Conner did.
"No... this...this has to be a joke..." I stammered. Caspian was snarling in my head, trying to grab the reins. I pushed him aside with force, his power becoming stronger and stronger day by day.
 "No... this is no joke..." Conner looked me dead in the eye, eyes empty, face ashen, and trembling. "It's the beginning...The Rogue King called for war!" 


Raleigh: Chapter 39

 Fire.
 That was all that I could feel. Just this burning, constant fire in my soul, charring my insides, kicking my back, the air knocking out of my lungs.
 It was well past midnight. Cindy was sleeping on the couch beside me. I couldn't fall asleep. The constant beeps and bops of the machines by my bedside table rang consistently in my ear, forcing my eyes open whenever I wanted to rest. Not only that, but nurses kept filing in and out of my room, feeding me medicine from syringes or fixing the blood tube behind my back. It was like they knew whenever I was falling asleep to come and wake me up.
 I hated the hospital.
 So, I didn't sleep. I lay awake in my bed, tossing and turning. Sometimes, I tried to sleep by counting sheep or listening to the breathing patterns of Cindy, but nothing worked. The needles pressed into my veins sent sharp stings through me every now and then. My mouth was sticky and tasted horrible. I hadn't showered in days. How could Lucien stay with me all those nights?
 Speaking of Lucien, he wasn't here. Pack work had forced him to return home, much to his reluctance to leave me alone. Had Cindy not volunteered to stay behind and look after me, I'm pretty sure Lucien wouldn't have left at all.
 The remote to my bed lay by my side. Buttons I hardly knew of stared at me as I fumbled for the T.V switch. I couldn't breathe through my nose, so part of whatever the show's characters were saying was muffled by my heavy breathing.
Somewhere around two in the morning, when I was watching reruns of The Raksha's Reign, I felt this scratch in my back. No biggie, really. I raked my fingers over my numb back, wincing when I felt the long scar.  
 I bit my lips, hard. The blood seeped onto my tongue, but I could have cared less. The itch was hard to escape from, but soon, it dissolved, grumbling into the depths of my skin.
 I thought that would be the end of it, that I would finally be able to get some peace and go to bed.
 But nope. It wasn't.
 I found myself tossing once again an hour later, sleep evaded once again. My neck was aching and my back was pounding. I could feel my heart beating in my ear, the pulse a soothing reminder that I was still alive. I groaned, lifting my hips up from the wet bed sheets to release the heavy pressure on my neck and back, hoping some of the pain would ease up.
 What's wrong, Raleigh? Are you okay? Lune yawned, waking up slowly. 
 I'm okay, Lune. Go back to sleep, I assured. 
 Then why are you tossing and turning so much? Lune asked. I could see how she was the Moon Goddess's wolf. 
 I smiled weakly. It's probably just the medicine kicking in, I suggested, which wasn't a lie. Ever since being admitted to the hospital, syringe after syringe filled with medicine was forced down my throat, the taste's varying from bland to sweet to downright bitter. Especially oxycontin. That was the worst. They tried to make it taste like strawberry, but instead, it tasted like strawberries that were rotten!
I coaxed Lune to head back to sleep, which wasn't easy but worked after a while. I snuggled back into the sheets, determined to try and get a few hours of sleep—
—until the pain started again.
Now, this wasn't any ordinary pain. Louis had warned me after my surgery for minor cramps here and there, but this wasn't minor.
It first started at the base of my back, closer to my hips. I thought it was a stomach ache, so I mostly ignored it. I lay a cold hand on my stomach and resumed watching my movie.
 Until I realized it wasn't.
 The pain, slowly yet surely, crept up my back. It prowled along my spine, pounding and kicking. My eyes snapped open and I groaned. I had almost been asleep!
"What?" I snarled softly. I glared into the darkness when suddenly, a shot of pain fired into my back! I gasped, jerking upright.
"W-What...?" My mouth clamped shut at another shot of cramps and I gripped the sheets. I groaned.
"Not now..." I begged silently. "Please, not now..." 
 Lune was up in a flash, growling. What is it? What happened? She demanded, equally as fierce as Lucien. I couldn't smile, though. Not this time.
P-Pain...It hurts! I cried. My chest heaved; my blood roaring; heart pounding. My heart thumped, resonating loudly in my ear. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't focus. Blue light flashed through my mind, Lune trying her hardest to help. How she couldn't feel the pain, I had no idea.
"C-Cindy!" I whimpered. I didn't think she heard me, but when she stirred, I knew she was waking. I squeezed my eyes, gathering my energy.
"Cindy!" I howled. 
 Cindy was up with a start, her blue and white eye looking around the room wildly.
"What? What is it?" She asked, tired but panicked. She rubbed at her eyes and I groaned, moving around on the bed again.
"Help..." I croaked. 
 Cindy flung the blankets off her pale skin and rushed to my bedside. She pressed a button by my head, pushing the bars to my bed down.
"What's wrong? What's happening?" She asked frantically.
  I gestured to my back. "F-Fire..." I gasped.
  Her eyebrows furrowed. "Fire?"
"Yes!" I roared. I whimpered, the blue light soothing me slightly. "Help...it hurts!" My toes curled and I clenched my teeth together to keep from howling.
"Okay, okay! Uh..." Cindy scrambled to the bathroom. She filled a small washing bowl with cold water and dipped a cloth into the liquid. Carefully, she turned me on my stomach.
"Ouch!" I whined. My back was very sore, and the burning inside wasn't helping.
"Sorry...sorry..." Cindy pressed the wet cloth to my exposed back. "Does that help?
"Cindy."
"Yes?"
"My back is numb."
"...Oh..." Cindy chuckled sheepishly and the pain returned full force. I drew blood from my lips in my reluctance to scream.
"Where's Lucien when you need him!" Cindy groaned. 
"I'm sorry."
"Don't be. It's not your fault. I just don't know what to do and you're here in pain and crying and—!"
"Crying?" I touched my cheek, mindful of the taped IV to the top of my palm. True enough, my fingertips were covered with wet liquid. I hadn't even noticed that I was crying.
"How much does it hurt, Raleigh?" Cindy asked, leaning over my bed. The early morning sun peeked from behind her back and I whimpered again.
"T-Ten..." I managed. 
 Cindy frowned, counting on her fingers. "Okay. Let's call a nurse. Maybe they can help you," She said. 
 I could tell she was worried, either for me or for Lucien's reaction. I wasn't sure. 
 Surprisingly, she controlled her frantic behavior well, prying the remote gently from my grasp. Her thumb hovered over the large red button, but as she made the move to press it, the door to my room opened and she paused.
  A large, male nurse walked into the room. He had on scrubs and a mask, wheeling a cart full of medicine. He smiled at me, glancing at the T.V.
 "Human nurse," Cindy hissed. I nodded and pushed Lune inside my head, the blue light dissolving from my nightgown. If the nurse noticed it, he didn't say anything about it.
 "Hello, Raleigh," He greeted enthusiastically. I tried for a smile.
 "H-Hi..." I murmured. The man smiled, looking at the T.V again.
"Do you like this show?" He asked. I nodded, swallowing another round of cries. "My daughter and my wife both love this show. My sons...not so much." He laughed, and Cindy nodded.
"That's nice," She said. She was still worried about me, constantly looking down every time I trembled or twitched. 
 "How are we feeling today?" He asked. 
 I groaned. "Terrible," I moaned.
  The nurse frowned. "Is that so? Why? Where is it hurting?" He asked. Cindy helped me sit up and the man took a look at my back. I could just barely feel his fingertips tracing my scar. A shiver passed through me.
"Let me check your medicine. Perhaps you aren't taking enough of your dose," He mumbled. He rolled away on the chair Louis usually sits on, leaving me writhing on the bed. Cindy squeezed my hand, and at one point, lifted me into a hospital chair to eat my breakfast. As she slowly fed me spoonsful of cereal, the nurse jumped in what looked to be euphoria. 
"Ah, here it is. You're overdosing on one of your medicines. When not given the correct amount, that can sometimes cause pain. Let me just..." his words trailed off as he bent down to fix the medicine amount. I groaned, shifting on the chair again. The pain wasn't as exhilarating as before, but it was still painful. I gripped the arms to the chair with white knuckles, slowly downing the food Cindy was feeding me.
"And... there! You should be better soon. I apologize for my co-worker's unacceptable mistake," he said.
  I shook my head the best I could, smiling. "It's okay. I can take a little pain," I said. Cindy smiled proudly and the nurse chuckled.
"Sure, looks like it. Other patients I know would have been screaming by now," He reached for the syringes filled with medicine and rolled in front of me. One of them had grape Tylenol, my favorite, and the other had Ibuprofen, a pink, bitter medicine that always made me drowsy.
"Which one would you like first?" He asked.
"The pink one, please," I asked, sounding like a child. 
 The nurse laughed. "Good choice," He squirted the pink liquid into the back of my mouth and I swallowed rapidly. The taste, however, remained slightly on my tongue and I eagerly opened my mouth for the grape Tylenol.
"And we're good to go," The nurse said. He peeled his gloves off and stood from the chair. "Thank you and see you later." He waved at me as he rolled the cart out of the room, shutting my door in the process. I shifted in my chair again, groaned.
"I'm going to give Louis a piece of my mind when he comes. Putting you in pain like that," Cindy grumbled.
  I laughed. "It's okay. Really. I've felt worse," I winced. "Sometimes." 
"How are you feeling now? Any different?"
"Not really. Hopefully, the effects begin to take place soon, though," I said. My stomach churned. "Can—Can I eat more?" 
 Cindy smiled widely. "Of course!" She hastened to feed me a spoonful of cereal, probably because I had been reluctant to eat anything for the past few days, my tongue bland.
"Where is Lucien? He hasn't been here in a while..." I murmured.  
 Cindy clicked her tongue. "Ah...it's nothing too big. Just some pack problems," she said. It was obvious, however, that she was fibbing. She, just like me, was a horrible liar.
"Is that so?" I asked, smirking. 
 Cindy pouted. "Maybe not..." she decided.
  I laughed, then quickly regretted it, another wash of pain spreading through my back. I grimaced. "Why? What's happening?"
  Cindy looked away, shoving another spoonful towards me. "I shouldn't say..."
 "Please? I am the Luna, after all. Shouldn't I know?" 
  Cindy growled. "I hate when you use that card on me." 
 I grinned. "So...?" 
 Cindy chewed her lip. "Dhoom...he's declared war for the throne..."
"What?! Why?" I blurted. I nearly spilled my food; I was so shocked. Already? What was it that Dhoom wants so desperately?"
"He wants you to be his Queen. He wants your powers in his pup," a rough voice spoke from the doorway. 
 Lucien and Conner walked slowly into the room, both of them with hard eyes.
"But I won't let him have you." Lucien knelt in front of me, taking my hands. "How are you, sweetheart? I'm sorry I haven't been able to visit, but as Cindy said...yeah, Dhoom has called for war." 
 I leaned my forehead against his. "That's okay," I murmured. "You're here now. That's all that matters." 
 Lucien let out a relieved sigh. 
 Cindy growled and pushed him back. "Move! She's finally eating and you're not ruining this moment!" She scolded, shoving another spoonful towards me. Lucien and I laughed and I opened my mouth willingly, suffering her mother-like behavior.
"You're also ruining my moment," Lucien grumbled, but he did move aside. He pulled a chair by me and sat, rubbing his thumb over my knuckles. It reminded me of when we first met when he was going to tell me he was a werewolf but didn't know-how.
"What's with the smile?" Cindy asked, smiling.
  I shrugged. "Just nostalgia," I replied, accepting another spoonful. The ache had subsided by now, only leaving a few pricks here and there. 
 Lucien kissed my forehead. "How are you feeling? I'm sorry I haven't been here for you." He sounded regretful, as if that regret was weighing him down.
 I ruffled his hair, careful of my tubes. "It's okay. You were busy with the Rogue King. Besides, Cindy kept me company."
  Cindy grumbled under her breath. "How many episodes of The Raksha's Queen can one girl watch?" She asked rhetorically. 
 I laughed. "Do you know how hard it was to watch that series at Lexi's? I could hardly watch five minutes before a kid came into the room!"
"Why? Is it PG?" Conner, for the first time, spoke.
  I shook my head. "PG-13. It's...a romance, really." I blushed. "When I was in middle school, I loved it, but I never really got the chance to pass season 2. Now I do."
"Well, at least you're happy," Lucien said. "Now that there's war, I've been having to train the pack every day. My bones are sore!"
"You don't look tired," I noted.
  Lucien chuckled ruefully. "That's because of my immortality. It keeps me looking young," he said, sounding bitter.
"Ah, and here I thought you'd be pleased with immortality, Alpha King." 
 A bright light appeared in my hospital room, slamming the doors shut and drawing the blinds with its power. A female's voice spoke through the blaring light and Lune was up immediately, yipping and jumping.
"What the hell?" Cindy scrambled back and Conner and Lucien both covered their eyes. I didn't see why, though. The light wasn't that bad...to me.
"My little girl," through the light, a woman in gossamer white robes appeared. Her silky silver hair was tied in a soft ponytail and her eyes radiated a gentle blue light with an undercurrent of fury. Her dainty hands tipped my chin up, her Cupid's bow lips pulled into a smile. "My sweet, baby girl..."
No, it wasn't just any woman.
It was the Moon Goddess.
My mother!
Lucien, Cindy, and Conner immediately fell into a bow, none of them looking up. The Moon Goddess, one by one, pulled them to their feet, tapping them gently on their cheeks.
"I see you've been taking good care of my daughter, Alpha King," She teased, rounding me like a cat stalking a bowl full of milk.  
 Lucien blushed, shuffling nervously. "Uh...yes. At least, I hope so..."
"You are," I affirmed, making him smile. 
 The Moon Goddess, or...my mother, smiled. "Then I paired you well. I had no doubt he would take care of my baby girl," she said. 
 I frowned. "Speaking of...why didn't you tell me?"
"What do you mean? You've met her before?" Conner asked.
  I nodded. "Once..." 
 The Moon Goddess sighed. "I knew this would happen someday. I didn't tell you before because if I did, your emotions would have been jumbled. You weren't even mated yet! You had no concrete to your statue," she said. 
"But...is now the time?" I asked. 
 She took a seat on the chair Lucien had occupied. "Yes. Now is the time, and I shall tell you everything this time." She sighed again as if bracing herself. Then, she looked at Lucien, her fiery blue orbs burning into him. She smiled.
"I remember when you were but a boy, Lucien." She mused. "Such a sweet child. You were your mother's precious baby. Your father's heir. You were the golden boy." 
 Lucien flushed. "Ma'am—"
"I remember watching you. Watching you see the man your father changed to be, after your sister's birth," she continued, ignoring Lucien. "He was never a good King, I understand that, but to take it out on his own children...I do not understand him."
"What happened after?" I asked.
"After Louis's birth, your father, Lucien, went completely insane. He only wanted one child, a boy. He, sadly, had no interest in your mother whatsoever after she birthed his heir."
  Lucien swallowed. "I know." He gritted. 
 The Moon Goddess frowned. "He intended to kill off your siblings, but you protected them. He did not want to risk hurting you—"
"Even if he did?"
"...Yes, even if he did." The Moon Goddess sighed. "He staged the kidnapping of your brother. The fight was a coax. He knew Louis would protect you, Lucien. He wanted one sibling gone...Jasmine would have been next...until..."
"Until what?" Lucien sounded desperate. "What happened?"
"Do you remember when you were cursed? Your father ravaged a woman...?"
"Yes..." A look of shock passed over Lucien's face, and I had a horrible feeling I knew why. "Y-You? It was you that he raped?"
  The Moon Goddess nodded, her eyes glowing just like mine do.  "Yes. That bastard had the audacity to put his grubby hands on me!" She was beginning to glow, power leaking from her fingertips, just like me when I am upset. 
 I put my hand weakly on her arm, and immediately, she softened.
"Wait, so is Raleigh..." Conner looked horrified as he looked between Lucien and me. 
 The Moon Goddess laughed. "No! No, darling. They are not siblings. Raleigh's father is...well...he was alive. He died shortly after her birth. I gave Lune to her; her little helper to guide her when I couldn't."
"Was that the voice in my head my whole life? It was Lune?" My mom nodded. "Why didn't she tell me?"
"I told her to wait until you met Lucien. I did not want you to be confused about who you were," she explained. "In my anger, I blindly cursed you without thinking of the outcome, and I apologize deeply for that. I did not realize what I had done, and who I had done it to."  
 Lucien shrugged. "It's okay. I had my own rapist sins to atone for, anyway." He said. 
 My mother gave me a look as if telling me that this was what he was hiding. In one short sentence. I didn't have time to comprehend anything before my mother was talking again.
"Anyway, I wanted to warn you. Lucien is correct. Dhoom intends to use Raleigh as an incubator for his child, as she has power he wants, and can use to reclaim the throne from Lucien."
"What about...my mother?" Cindy asked softly. 
My mother paused, a beat of silence passing us. A saddened look passed her face and she sighed, shaking her head.
"What Lucinda said was true," she said. "They had a daughter before you, and their daughter was killed off because of Dhoom. They then had you, Avery, and Ananya, but between Gavin and Darius hatching their plan, and Lucinda's job as a doctor, they had no time for you...so they gave you to a widowed man; they made you believe he was your father...those cruel, heartless wolves."
My mother looked broken as if she couldn't believe the type of wolves she had created. I wanted to console her, but I didn't know how to.
Cindy's eyes held no emotion after Lucinda's claims were proven true by my mom. She clenched her jaw, looking away. She was shaking, but it looked like she was trying hard to control it; like she didn't want to seem weak—
—just like me.
 Conner coughed. "So, basically, the Rogue King wants Raleigh to give him another pup? That's kind of weird, especially considering how young she is."
 Cindy snorted. “He has to wait a while, then." She scoffed. 
 Lucien's eye ticked. "He's not waiting at all because he's not getting her," he growled. 
 The Moon Goddess smiled. "I know that. I simply wanted to warn you. I know that you are aware, but do keep in mind that he knows about Raleigh's surgery. He will use that to his advantage if I know Dhoom." Then, she turned to me. "I have waited for the day that I could reveal to you who you are to me, and I have missed you, my little girl. I understand if you are upset...but..."
  I didn't wait for her to finish. I pulled her closer with whatever strength I had left and wrapped her arms around me.
"I'm not upset. I don't care," I said. "I finally found you...Mom."


Lucien: Chapter 40
 "Lucien...?"
"Hm?" I yawned. "What is it, love?" I peered up from under the hospital blankets.
  Raleigh was looking down at me, sheepish. "Can you help me get to the bathroom? I... drank too much water," she grumbled. 
 I couldn't help but smile. "Of course."
  I pulled the blankets off of my warm body and walked to the bed. Carefully, wary of Raleigh's IV's and other tubes, I peeled the sheets from her sticky body and lifted her into my arms. I flicked the bathroom light on, helping her pull her pants off and sit on the toilet.  
 We had been in the hospital for almost two weeks, Raleigh's body healing incredibly slowly. Cindy and I began to take turns staying with Raleigh, and I think Cindy missed leaving her alone, despite her denial.
"How much longer do I have to stay here, Lucien?" Raleigh asked, raising her arms up. I helped her up, fastening the elastic onto her hips.
 I sighed. "I don't know, really. Louis said sometime this week you'll be released. Let's hope that it's soon." I carried her back to the bed, helping tuck her in. 
 She gripped my hand. "Are you okay sleeping on the couch?" She asked.
  I nodded. "Yeah. As long as you're comfortable, I'm okay. Why? Can't sleep?" 
 Raleigh shook her head. "No. How do you sleep here? I keep getting awakened by nurses and doctors who want to feed me medicine or check up on my vitals!"
  I winced. "I can't say I understand, but you have been looking exhausted these past few days. Did the medicine help your back pain?"
"Yes. I'm feeling much better than I did before!" Raleigh rubbed at her eyes and I pulled a chair over to sit by her. "But it is very hard to sleep. You can if you want to. I'll probably watch some kids cartoons on T.V." 
 I smiled lopsidedly. "And if I'm not sleepy?"
  Raleigh grinned. "Then you can talk to me!" She snuggled into her pillow and I couldn't help but laugh. Sometimes, she reminded me of a child, which only made her even cuter.
"Okay. What do you want to talk about?" 
 The smile slipped off of Raleigh's face and she frowned, playing with her IV. "About my mother's visit...are you okay about it? Knowing that she was the one who made you immortal...?" 
"Raleigh, I've come to terms with my immortality years ago. Yes, I was a jerk when I was younger, and the curse was probably the reason why I grew up. It forced me to look at the world from a different point of view and realize not everything circulated around me. Besides," I squeezed her fingers. "That means I get to spend eternity with you." 
 She giggled. "Yeah. I guess now I have some closure about who my parents are and what happened to me. I mean, I am happy my mother did want me, I just wish my father did too."
"Now that, I can understand." I sighed. "But what can we do about it? It's life. We have to learn to accept it and live with it." 
 Raleigh shrugged. "That's true. Besides, she wanted me. That's all that matters." 
 I smiled. "I still can't believe I didn't get it, though. I mean, Lune? Seriously? I should have gotten a major hint just by her name!"
"I didn't get it either, so don't feel too bad." Raleigh teased. "Lune reminds me of Caspian. They both do the same things—"
"Yeah, except to irritate their other conscious," I grumbled.
  Raleigh shook her head fondly. "You love him, though." 
  I shrugged. "Now that is debatable."
  Weakly, she swatted my arm. "Well, I love Lune. She's one of my best friends."
"Let me guess; the others being Cindy and Everest?" I asked.
  Raleigh nodded. "Of course! And then there's Jasmine and Ranveer, and Josephine-"
"Whoa, whoa, wait. Josephine? As in, Alexander's wife?" I balked.  
 Raleigh raised her eyebrow. "Yeah...why?" 
 I shook my head. "I-I mean, damn! Alexander hardly lets anyone near his wife! Not even me!"
  Raleigh smirked. "I'd bet that's because I'm a girl and you're a boy. Maybe he thinks you'll steal Josephine from him."
"Ha! He wishes! I'm perfectly happy with you." I said fondly.  
 Raleigh blushed. The blanket by her feet crinkled, which probably meant she was curling her toes, something she usually did when she was embarrassed. "Yeah, yeah, well, Cindy and Everest too. Oh! And Ananya and Avery! They're just too precious to be left out!"
"Avery is...questionable..." I muttered. "Ananya is a very sweet pup. I still remember when my pack and I found them. Avery was three and Ananya was a newborn." I broke off. "To think Lucinda could do something like that..."
"It's despicable," Raleigh finished. "But she's gone now. One threat is eliminated, right?"
"Yes, sweetheart. One is. Now it's a battle for the crown." I raked my hands through my hair, squeezing the strands at the roots. "I can't believe he'd do that, though. Sometimes, I just want to look at him and see the father I had for a while. Not the man he is now." 
 Raleigh bit her lip. "It's hard, isn't it? Fighting against your father?"
"Nah, not really." I waved her worry aside with a flick of my hand "We were never really on good terms, even when I was a child. We would always fight, and my dad's temper would rise when my mom sided with me." 
 Raleigh smiled. "I like your Mom. She's nice...and very open."
  I rolled my eyes. "She is. Do you want to know how she and my father met?" 
 Raleigh's eyes lit up, either from the dim light from the lamps or from her own excitement. ” Yes, please!" She pleaded.
  I laughed. "My mom loves to tell this story. I'm surprised she didn't tell you." I moved closer to Raleigh's bed, shoving the chair along with me. "Well, they met a long time ago. A really, really, long time ago. My grandfather had recently passed and my mother had just ascended the throne. She had begun to look for her King, because, well, she would have gone insane without him." I laced my fingers with Raleigh's weak ones, mindful of her IV. 
 She smiled tiredly, attempting to express her shock through her grasp. "Your mother was Queen? Your father wasn't royalty? I thought you said there hadn’t been a female firstborn?"
 I shook my head, my hair bouncing around my cheeks. I hadn't combed it for a while, and many in my pack were noticing, offering sympathies. " Her brother died in a pack fight, and she was next in line. Also, no, my father wasn’t royalty, which gives me more of a claim to the throne." 
 Raleigh smiled. "Then what?"
"Then, when she was hosting a party for the nearby Alpha's and Luna's, she met a servant boy who had accompanied an old Alpha friend of hers, back when an indentured servant was a thing."
"I thought that didn't come until later?"
"Werewolves are a bit ahead of humans," I explained. "But besides that, they were mates, but it took my mother years to gain my father's attention."
"Why?"
"Because he was an orphaned servant and she was Queen of the Werewolves. The way he saw it, she was too high on the social ladder for him, if we even banned that sort of relationship."
"Did you?"
"God no!" I denied. "We weren't like humans of that time, who had a class system. Sure, we had Alpha to Omega, but it was other wolves who made the class based on their human mates. There was never any written law stating that only wolves of high status could marry, partially because of how rare it was to find a mate, and partially because the Moon Goddess would have been pissed."
  Raleigh chuckled, shifting on her side. She winced. "Then what?"
 "Well, he finally caved when she kissed him, from what she told me. They were at another party and... well...he agreed to be her mate."
"Then what?"
"Then, I guess he took control. Mom never specified, but it was implied that they spent the night together. The next day, he moved into the Alpha Palace and they were content for a while. They settled properly and got married—"
"—but?" 
 My voice had dropped, like at the falling point in a movie, and Raleigh easily caught on. 
 Her blueish-brown orbs peered up at me, hesitant yet curious. “—-but then what? What changed?"
  I let out a gush of air. "I-I was born," I admitted. "I was an accident. I wasn't planned. But from what my mother said, my father was happy to have a baby, and he had desperately wanted a boy. Why, I don't know. When I was born, we had the best two years as a family...until Mom got pregnant again." 
 Raleigh grimaced. "I think I know where this is going..."
  I nodded sadly. "Father wasn't too pleased about the pregnancy; he didn't want a fight for the throne, yet, he still prayed for a baby boy."
"What did you want?"
"Me?" I laughed quietly. "Well, I wanted a sister. Together, whenever my father was busy, my Mom and I would fantasize about having a girl in the house and unfortunately, that wish came true."
 Raleigh's face fell. "You're dad...?"
"My dad was furious. He didn't even check on my mother after she had given birth, which crushed her. Whenever she wasn't around, he would ignore Jasmine when she cried or when she was hungry. I was the one who had to take care of her." Bile rose in my throat. Anger rose in my throat. "Barely a three-year-old and I was already changing diapers." 
 Raleigh squeezed my hand. "Then what?"
"Then—!"
"Excuse me?" 
 A knock sounded on the door and a woman peeked her head through the crack in the door. She smiled when she saw Raleigh. "I hope I'm not interrupting. I just need to give Raleigh her medicine." She looked to be human because any wolf nurse here would have addressed Raleigh as 'Luna'.
  Raleigh looked at me, and I nodded for her. "It's fine," I assured, despite the tick of annoyance I had gotten when she interrupted my story. 
 The nurse looked flushed as she carried about her task, hurriedly pressing the medicine onto Raleigh's tongue. She brushed past me more than once, mumbling to herself, and it wasn't until the tenth time she had brushed against my arm that I realized she was making a move on me. I barely swallowed the growl that Caspian was threatening to release.
She's flirting! He howled.
  I rolled my eyes. As long as she doesn't say anything, it's none of my concern. In fact, I could care less. I snapped.
  Caspian grumbled. Well, when she does, don't say I didn't warn you, he snarled.
  I brushed him aside with little concern, wishing I had worn a shirt instead of the thin tank-top. She wouldn't stop looking at me, even as she fixed Raleigh's IV or cleaned the sheets. I think she could tell I was judging her, from the way she kept smoothing her clothes or her hair. It didn't help that she was a night-shift nurse, which meant that she looked very tired and messy.
"Do you need anything?" She asked after a while, almost as if the question was directed to me. It completely slipped past Raleigh's ears what she really meant by her question, and my sweet, innocent mate shook her head.
"No, thank you." She whispered. 
 The nurse looked at me, trying hard to catch my eye, and I nodded.
"Thank you," I said. 
 She pouted. "Of course." She left with a swish of her hair, the door slamming behind her back. 
 I leaned back in my chair with a sigh, Raleigh looking adorably confused.
"What was that about?" She asked. 
 I shrugged. "Eh, I don't know. Probably night-shift moods." 
 Raleigh crossed her eyes. "Right...so what were you saying?"
  I furrowed my eyebrows. "What was I saying...Oh! Yeah! So, after Jasmine, my Mom ended up having Louis, since my father was-ahem-a sex addict, and they had no protection back then. Unless you didn't want to get pregnant, then there really was no way to have protected sex." 
 Raleigh frowned. "There was something to stop pregnancy?" She asked. 
 I yawned. "Yes. There was this specific plant that human slaves used to eat, women especially. They would chew the leaves and spit them out, from what I saw. Supposedly, the plant was its own protection, and abortion pill at the same time."
  I glanced out of the curtains, where the early morning sun was slowly rising from the trees surrounding my pack. 
 Raleigh shook my arm. "Then what?"
"My mother found out how he had been treating Jasmine, Louis, and I. Long story short, they had a huge fight. I was a late teen by then. Jasmine was in her early teens and Louis was a fresh teen. At one point, my mother had enough of my father's abusive and alcoholic behaviors. She kicked him out of the house, labeling him a rogue. Hence, the Rogue King." I slapped my hands on my thighs, leaning back on my chair.
  Raleigh gaped at me. "But if they're mates, shouldn't they have gone insane?"
  I shook my head. "No, because they were already mated. Yes, it was hard for my mother, and as you can see, my father never really got over his obsession with wanting to be royalty again. They never divorced, because you can't take a mark back in the werewolf world. Over time, though, my Mom calmed down about it. Her wolf had calmed as well, having been initially furious at her for kicking their mate out. She saw reason soon, though, and my father didn't really bother us—" I swallowed. "—until now, actually." 
 Raleigh played with her fingers. "It's not my fault, is it? That he's back?" 
 I drew my thumb over her poking bottom lip, shaking my head. "No, it isn't your fault. He's just power-hungry and sees you as a tool for his use."
  Raleigh shivered. "I am never, ever, carrying his baby! Ever! I'm too young to have kids!"
  I nodded. "I agree. While...while I won't lie that I have dreamt of having a family with you, that can wait for a while. I want you to enjoy life, do the things you couldn't do before." 
 Raleigh smiled shyly. "Um...but if...you know...I was to fall pregnant...then...?"
"Then I would be by your side every step of the way. It doesn't matter to me. You are my mate. You would be carrying my pup. Caspian would murder me if I let you go, not that I'm about to." 
 Raleigh smiled again, this time brighter, the brightest I had seen her smile ever since her surgery. "I'm glad...and one day...I would gladly start a family with you." She kind of forced the words out, as if she was ashamed to say so. 
 I couldn't resist this time. After many, many antagonizing weeks, I took the chance I had been waiting for and pressed my lips against hers, relishing the chapped feeling of her mouth against mine. She didn't pull away, not like last time. She basked in it; her body relaxed.
"Ahem. Are we interrupting?"
 With a squeak, Raleigh broke away from me. Cindy and Conner stood in the doorway to the hospital room, both of them looking quite smug with themselves. Conner held a stack of papers, and Cindy carried a small wrapped box.
"N-No! I...um..." Raleigh stammered to make up a lie and Cindy laughed, throwing her head back. She looked paler than usual; her eyes tired. Probably from all those nights with her siblings.
"It's okay. I'm sorry for ruining a moment." She plopped onto a chair beside me, glancing at my arm. She frowned. "Uh...did you get toilet paper stuck on your arm?"
"What?" I ripped at my arm, a taped piece of paper sticking to my fingers. Conner looked over my shoulder at the note while Cindy distracted Raleigh with the pack gossip.
"What is it?" He asked.
  I glared at the handwriting. “It’s that nurse's phone number," I growled.
  Conner's eyebrows shot up. "Dude! You have a mate!" He hissed. 
 I stood from the chair, rolling my eyes. "I'm not an idiot, Conner. I know I have a mate." I crumpled the piece of paper into a ball and tossed it into the trash just as the nurse walked into the room. My heart nearly stopped.
"Damn. You almost hit her," Conner snickered. 
 I resisted the urge to whack him in the shoulder, as I could clearly see the nurse's eyes on me.
"Here's some breakfast. The doctor will be seeing you today about the release." She informed shortly, leaving the room just as quickly as she had arrived. 
 I let Cindy take my seat so that Conner and I could talk without worrying any of the girls. It didn't look like they would notice anyway; they were too busy with the gift Cindy had given Raleigh. 
"How's the training?" I asked, voice hushed. I glanced at Raleigh and Cindy, the latter feeding bites of pancake to the former. I watched closely as Raleigh begrudgingly opened her mouth for Cindy, forcing the food down her throat.
"They're on edge. Patrol's been doubled and many are signing up to fight." Conner clapped me on the back. "See, they do care for you and Raleigh." 
 I smiled weakly. "I suppose." I sighed, rubbing at my eyes. "Is that all the paperwork I missed?" 
 Conner shrugged, his dark skin glowing in the light. "Some of it. Other parts are just scraps of notes we found in Lucinda's house and others are documents I managed to scrape up about Dhoom."
  I smirked. "Isn't it ironic that his name is Dhoom? I mean, what is that a foreshadow?" 
 Conner snickered. "Oh, how I wish we had gotten it sooner." His laugh subsided into a sigh. "But yeah, the pack's prepared. We also have Raleigh's adoptive parents on board. Tiger is recruiting some of his old allies for the fight. He couldn't make it due to searching for some people, but Greg sent me this note to give to you" He handed me a thin yellow paper tied with a red bow. 
 I frowned. "Is it about Tania? I meant to write an apology to him."
  I took the paper and Conner scowled.
"You owe him no apology. It is within your rights as Alpha King to arrest anyone who is suspected of betrayal or of spying." 
 I didn't argue with him. I stuffed the paper into my pocket. "I'll take a look at it later. I... have other things much more concerning." My eyes found Raleigh's again, her orbs lit up in excitement. I smiled and Conner noticed.
"You love her, huh Lucien?" He asked. 
 I sighed. "Hopelessly. I love her so much. We were actually just talking about having a family."
"N-Now?" Conner sputtered.
  I couldn't help laughing at his face. "No! Not now! Later!"
  Conner sighed, relieved. "Ah, that's good. You gave me a near heart-attack." He held his heart, slumping backward. "Cindy and I haven't talked about pups much. She's been moody lately."
"It's probably just a girls thing," I said, waving his concern aside. "Don't worry. She'll be fine soon." 
"I hope so. She knows my feelings on pups right now and she's not liking it." 
 I shrugged. "I mean, you guys have been married for a century or so. Don't you think it's time to...I don't know, have a family?"
  Conner wrinkled his nose. "Nah, man. Later, just not now."
  I would have argued with him, had the door to the room not opened again. This time, Louis walked in, a large smile on his face. 
"Morning sis in law!" He chirped. 
 Raleigh blushed. "M-Morning," she mumbled.
  Louis grinned. "So, how are we doing today?" He asked.
  Raleigh smiled. "My back is still numb, but I feel a lot better," she said. 
 Louis's lips quirked. "I can see that. You look a bit tired, but apart from that, you're still the Raleigh I remember in the forest," he chuckled, checking a couple of machines by her bedside. He looked behind her back, where the plastic pouch holding access blood had been removed this morning. His fingers traced her scar and I saw her wince.
"Still hurts?" He asked. 
 Raleigh nodded. "Yeah, just a little." 
 Louis hummed. "Well...judging by how well you're healing, I'd say you're good to go home today!" He cheered. "Just make sure she stays in bed for a day or two to get some sleep and takes her medicine. Oxycontin is only for dire emergencies, understand Lucien?" 
 I nodded, relief spreading through me. Conner and Louis smiled. Cindy cheered and Raleigh squeezed her hands.
Home, we were finally going home.


Raleigh: Chapter 41

 I peeked around the corner of the hallway, checking both sides of the clearing. Nobody was within reach from one side of the hallway to the other. I snickered to myself, tip-toeing past the bronze-colored door that I had been trying to escape from for days. It loomed over me, making no move whatsoever to try and grab me again. Aggravated voices carried into the hallway, but I could care less. He was distracted, that was good. I felt like a spy, just without all the cool gadgets and a back-up partner.
 Two weeks. That was how long it had been since I had returned home from the hospital. Two weeks under house arrest, and two weeks closer to my death bed. Honestly, I knew Lucien was just worried about me, but he could at least let me walk around my own house! I mean, I know I'm clumsy, but I'm not that clumsy.
 Besides, Louis only said I had to stay in bed for a few days. It was weeks! I had every right to be moving around and stretching my legs.
 The house hadn't changed in the month that I had been admitted into the hospital. Apart from a few of Lucien's clothes scattered here and there and a suspiciously clean sink (which gave me the impression that Lucien wasn't eating), the house looked the same way that it did when I first arrived.
 I gripped the birch banister, chuckling to myself. Two years. I was twenty now. I had been in Lucien's pack for two years. It had become so much of a routine to go out into the pack every day that I almost forgot the times when I had to go to school early in the morning.
 I felt especially giddy when I crossed the large marble arch hanging above the spiral staircase. It meant that Lucien had no idea I was leaving because I was so close to the door! I could feel victory spread through me...
...until I heard a cough by my side.
I nearly threw the vase in fright, jumping away from the table.  
 Lucien stood above me, leaning on a step and looking as smug as ever. He raised an eyebrow at my flush, grinning. "And just where do you think you're going?" He drawled. 
 I swallowed. "Um...outside?"
"Why?"
"Because I'm bored?" I slumped under his careful golden eyes. I could see why he was the Alpha King. He was intimidating! "Okay, I admit, I was trying to sneak out. But how did you know? I thought you were busy arguing upstairs?"
  Lucien climbed down the last of the steps, still looking very smug. "I heard you. You weren't very conspicuous about it. You'd make a terrible spy, by the way."
  I rolled my eyes. "Okay, but you just left in the middle of your conversation to scold me again?" I asked. 
 Lucien pulled his hand from behind his back, my sneakers dangling from two of his fingers. 
 I looked from him to the shoes. "What...?" 
 He laughed, bending down. "Don't you think you need shoes to go outside?" He asked. 
 A smile jumped on my face. "Really? You're letting me go out?!"
  Lucien shrugged. "Yes. You're going to Cindy's, from what Lune told me." He smirked and Lune cackled in my head. "I trust Cindy to take care of you, no matter how much she gets on my nerves."
  I giggled. "Thank you, Lucien. I thought I was going to die of boredom here!" 
 Lucien shook his head, bending down to tie my laces together. "You're very overdramatic, has anyone ever told you that?" He asked, rising to his feet.
"So many times, that I was even offered a position in the drama club!" 
 Lucien raised his eyebrow. "Really?"
"Yeah. I turned it down, though. I didn't have time to be in the drama club." I shivered. Truthfully, I did want to be in the drama club, but I was too embarrassed to be on stage with other, better-looking actors and actresses. 
"If you say so." Lucien gave me a gentle push towards the door, something I barely felt until he moved a few steps towards the staircase. The voices from the study room were getting louder, an indication that wolves were going to come out soon. 
 Lucien sighed. "I swear pups fight better than they do," he grumbled. 
 I looked up to the bronze door, the only door of that color in the hallway. "Are you prepping for something? Or is this your average Sunday?" 
"Depends. I don't usually have a Rogue King after my crown." Lucien leaned back, stretching his arms. "No, they're trying to pick which strategy is the best; fight first or wait."
"Why fight first? Then he'll be able to pick which wolves are stronger and more agile and he’ll flick them off the map. You should wait, that way you can gauge his fighting technique and which of his wolves are more powerful, so you can know which ones to shift your primary focus onto. However, if you chose to fight first, then pick out his weak points, even if you do lose." 
  Lucien's eyebrows rose impressed. He rubbed his bottom lip. "That's...actually a very smart idea! Why don't you join us?" 
  I wrinkled my nose, dropping my hand onto the golden door handle. "Nah, I'll pass. Your warriors don't seem keen on revealing secrets when I am around." 
"That's just because they have old beliefs on women's jobs, something I'm trying to work on with them, but the choice is yours." Lucien pressed a quick kiss on my mouth. "Thank you and have fun! But be careful!"
  I rolled my eyes. "Okay, dad! I'll be careful!" I snorted, finding myself hilarious, but Lucien's eyes darkened. His pupils faded and blended with his orb colors with a low rumble from his throat. And it wasn't an angry dark. 
 No.
 It was a lustful dark.
 I squeaked, fumbling with the handle. I knew that look in his eyes. It was the same look I always saw whenever we...um...didn't sleep at night. I managed a quick, hasty goodbye before I practically dashed out of the door, careful on the steps.
 Cindy's house was only a slight walk from the Alpha House, which meant I had loads of time to pass by other pack members and see how they were doing.
 Unlike most of the past few days in which everyone was in a panic, the pack was calm and quiet today. The grass for once was dry, no damp with the tears of the Moon and Sun. I often wondered if there was a Moon Goddess, then shouldn't there be a Sun God? Or Goddess? I didn't bother to ask Lucien. He was too busy with the war anyway.
 I wandered the pack aimlessly, no real destination in mind. I knew I had to go to Cindy's, but it was still pretty early. I had plenty of time before I was due to see her. Because of this, I walked in circles around the pack, keeping my eyes on the ground. At some point, I had wandered to the pack square, narrowly missing the step.
 "Careful, Luna." Josephine lent me a hand, helping me up the step. She smiled at me, patting her swelling stomach. Behind her, her daughter fondled with the flowers, giggling every now and then.
 "Sorry, Josephine. I didn't see you...or the step." I rubbed my elbow in embarrassment. "So—um—how are you?" 
 "I'm well. Getting ready for Ryder. Taking care of Kiara." She shrugged. "And you? How have you been? I heard about your...um..."
"You can say it, I won't be offended," I said. 
 Josephine slumped. "I apologize. I was not trying to be rude..." 
 I shook my head. "No no! I'm not offended, really! I don't mind telling you." I swiped my thumb over an irritating rash on my back, something Lucien told me specifically not to do. "I'm doing okay. It's...weird. I don't know how you walk with a straight back—"  
 Josephine cut me off with a loud laugh. "That is quite alien to you, is it not?" She asked.
  I nodded. "Pretty much. I just—I don't understand how you walk with a straight back! I mean, why do you like it so much? What is the difference? I still look down!" I had somehow crossed my eyes as I spilled my rant to Josephine, and she giggled behind her hand.
"Well, Luna, erm...we just get used to it, just as you had gotten used to your previous...uh...look." I stopped waving my arms, glancing behind my back. "Does it look bad?"
 "What, Luna?"
 "My back? Do I look like a weirdo from the next person's point of view?"
 "I would not say you look like a 'weirdo'. You look just like any other person or wolf," she assured.
  That made me smile. "Really?" I asked hopefully. 
 Josephine bent briefly to scoop Kiara from the ground. "Yes. You always fit in with us, Luna. You just never realized it," she confirmed. 
 I felt my heart lift. "Wait...I always looked normal?" 
 Josephine nodded. "Yes, Luna. I do not understand what you saw in yourself, but to everyone else in this pack, especially the Alpha, you were—are a beautiful young woman with a spitfire and bright personality." 
 I felt my smile widen. "Beautiful...really?" 
  Josephine's lips quirked. "Why, yes. The Alpha does not give out compliments on the go, mate, or not. It takes many years to earn a compliment from him, which is why many were jealous at all the words he showered on you." She adjusted Kiara on her hip. "He never said anything false about you, Luna. He simply gave you the wipe to clean your glasses." 
 She left me at that, waddling to the large houses behind her. 
 I stared after her as she left, my mind still replaying her words. The Alpha does not give out compliments on the go, mate, or not. What did she mean by that? Was it really that hard to get a compliment from Lucien?
 I pondered on her soft-spoken words for the rest of my walk around the square, the sun's heat pounding onto the nearly straight line of my back. Somehow, I missed the curve I once had, but I didn't wish for it back. For once in my life, I felt like I fit in as I belonged. Sure, my arms were still crooked, but I was getting there. My lungs were growing bigger, even if I hadn't stretched my legs.
 "Whatcha thinking about?" Everest's snappy voice broke me from my thoughts and I looked up. He was grinning down at me, looking smug.
"Nothing much. Why? What are you doing?" 
 Everest shrugged. "I'm bored. Ranveer's with your King, so I have nothing to do."
 "So, you chose to bother me?"
 "Yeah. I mean, you are my sister, after all."
  I did a double-take, almost tripping. "What?" 
 Everest looked confused. "What do you mean?"
"You called me your sister...?"
"So? You are my sister. Moon Goddess' daughter or not, my parents adopted you, making you my sister." Everest gently clapped my shoulder. "I'll always see you as my little sis, Raleigh. My pretty little sis."
  I frowned. "Everyone's been telling me that today. First Josephine, now you? What's with all the compliments?"
  Everest smiled. "We can't compliment you?" He asked playfully. I shoved his arm and he laughed. "I'm kidding! I'm kidding! Actually...I don't know. I guess it's just a coincidence. It's not a lie, though. You are beautiful, Raleigh."
  I scoffed. "Oh, yeah? How?" 
 Everest toyed with his hair-clip, licking his lips. "Well, you have large, chocolate eyes. Beautiful eyes. It also helps that you have the blue circle around your pupil. It pops your eyes more." He hummed. "What else...you have a beautiful skin tone, despite the hair. You have a Cupid's bow lips and a button nose. Believe it or not, but to the next person, it doesn't look like you have any extra skin underneath your chin. Your eyelashes are long and curly. Should I continue?" 
 I blushed. "Ah, no. I think I understand." I kicked a rock by my shoe. "I-Is that what you really see?"
  Everest nodded without a second thought. "Yes, it really is what we see. All of us. You see it too; I know you do. You see it every day, you're just denying yourself." We passed by a drying puddle and Everest pulled me closer. "Look into that pool. Look into it and tell me what you see." 
 Reluctantly, I stepped closer to the puddle, peering into the rippling, misshapen pool of water.
 A pool reminded me of a mirror. It showed me exactly who I was, not how I wanted to be seen. It showed me the truth, even if the truth hurt like hell. It slapped me with the truth in the face, pulled me in, clawed at my mind, forced me to admit who I was, what I was.
 Looking in the pool now, I briefly wondered if it was enchanted. The water rippled, and once it cleared, I saw the woman both Josephine and Everest described. I saw the confident, beautiful woman they all saw, the Luna Queen they all looked up to.
 Everest smirked, watching me slowly as I rose from my bent position over the pool. My mouth was wide open, my mind racing. All my life, I had seen the woman I had thought I was. Now, I saw the woman I wanted to be, the woman that the rippling mirror showed me.
"Well? What did I say?" He asked, sounding smug.
  I could only gape at him. "You...Josephine...Cindy...Lucien! They—you were all right! I... I am beautiful!" I exclaimed, wanting to jump. "I am beautiful! I love it!"
  Everest, for the first time that day, smiled a genuine smile at me. "Finally realize it, huh, sis?" He teased.
  I ignored him, pulling away from the pool to the direction of Cindy's house. "I gotta go tell Cindy!" I hollered. I hugged Everest briefly but warmly. "Thank you, Everest!" 
 Everest hugged me back. "Of course! Anything for my sister!" 
 I hardly heard him, though. I was already walking to Cindy's house, ecstatic as ever. My heart pounded and electricity spread through me, Lune pushing me past my limit. She was just as happy as I was. It took a long time, but I finally realized that I didn't have to live up to anyone else's standards. I was perfect just the way I was, and nobody could tell me otherwise.
 I'm pretty sure I broke Cindy's door with all the banging that I did. When she opened it, her tired eyes and frown lifted and she grinned at me.
"Well, hello, Miss. America. What's with the eager look on your face?" She leaned forward conspiratorially. "Have a good night with Lucien?" 
 I blushed. "What?! No! I—" I caught the bags under her eyes and frowned. "Um...are you okay? Are you tired?"
  Cindy sighed, beckoning me inside. She closed the large blue doors and leaned against them; fatigue written in Sharpie on her forehead.
"I'm just tired. I never realized taking care of kids was so hard..." she swallowed, looking like she was going to cry. "Actually, can we go for a walk? I-I don't want Ananya to see me cry. Then she'll start to cry and-well-that's not going to end well..."
  I nodded. "Sure, but what about Ananya and Avery?" 
 Cindy glanced back into the hallway where at the exact moment, something smashed to the ground. Conner was yelling, Ananya was crying, Avery was hollering back and Cindy looked completely done and stressed. 
 I found myself agreeing with her plan. "Uh, yeah, a walk is fine."
~*~
 "So, what is it you wanted to talk about?" I asked. 
 Cindy brushed her shoulder against a tree, sagging to the ground. I stood in front of her, my hands crossed above my chest.
"So, do you remember how I was sick for the past few months? How I kept throwing up and having mood swings?" She asked. She ripped a piece of bark from a tree and threw it behind her. 
 I grimaced. "Yeah. Why? Is something wrong?" 
 Cindy's eyes welled up suddenly and she looked like she was going to cry. "So... Lucien approached me one day. You were in the hospital still, and I was going to visit you." She had begun to shake. "H-He told me that he wanted me to take a test, just to confirm some suspicious of his—"
 "Did that bother you? Him making you take it?" I asked. "If it did, you can tell me. I'll ask him to apologize."
  Cindy shook her head hastily. "No! No, I was more than willing to take the test...it was the grade I got that's made me a recluse." 
  I frowned. "What do you mean? What grade did you get?"
  Cindy didn't say anything; her weeping prevented her from speaking. Instead, she pulled a small white stick from her pocket. A white stick that looked like a thermometer and had two, very visible red lines.
A pregnancy test.
It took me a few moments to let the information that Cindy was pregnant to seep in, but once it did, I found myself trying to console a sobbing Cindy. It seemed that the past few weeks had given her so much pressure that she just needed to collapse underneath it.
 "Oh, Cindy..." I rubbed her back, my shoulder soaked with her tears.
"I-I don't know what to do, Raleigh!" She cried "Conner doesn't want a pup! He'll hate me! He might ask for an abortion! Or-Or he could kick me out! I'm too young to be a mother, Raleigh!"
 I didn't know what to say to her; my lips felt like they were glued together. "Cindy...I'm sure Conner won't do any of that. I'm sure he'd support you. You are carrying his pup," I tried to assure, all the while knowing I was giving her false hope.
  Cindy wept harder. "No, he won't! He specifically told me so! He doesn't want a pup! Why is the Moon Goddess so cruel?!"
  I felt a flare of anger at the way she addressed my mother but quickly realized that she was just saying things she didn't mean in her confusion and fear. 
"What did Lucien say?" I asked calmly. Cindy sniffled.
"H-He said he'd try and talk to Conner about it, bring him over. I don't think it'll work though, Raleigh! Conner's firm about his beliefs! And you've seen the way he treats Ananya and Avery!"
  I winced, recalling the shouts coming from his mouth earlier.  "Yes...he was a bit harsh..." I mumbled. "But let's take this one step at a time. Why didn't you tell Conner first? Sort things out with him?"
  Cindy pulled away from me, wiping her eyes. "And do what? Invite him to pack my bags for me?" She snapped. 
 I flinched. "Oh, yeah...hm..." I wanted to ask Lune for her advice, but she was sleeping so soundly in my head that I didn't want to wake her up. 
"How about we calm down first, okay? Take deep breaths, Cindy. Deep breaths."
  I slowed my breathing to match Cindy's, helping her through the exercise. Slowly yet surely, her eyes dried and her breathing evened, minus the slight hiccup every now and then.
"What do I do, Raleigh?" She croaked. "What do I say?" 
 I bit my lip, contemplating my answer and choice of words carefully until I felt the hairs of my neck prick. It was a familiar prick, something I hadn't felt since...
 A sac was roughly pulled around my head, tightening around my neck. Cindy screamed, and I heard some muffled fighting noises and cries from Cindy before her voice faded away. 
 A blow was thrown to my knees and I screamed in pain, collapsing on the ground. Pain shot through my healing back and I cried out, conscious fading quickly.
  Lune was up in a flash, roaring, and snarling. She influenced me, taking control of my mind. I kicked a leg, sending someone tumbling to the ground. He roared in pain, and soon, hot liquid seeped onto my leg, the pain coming shortly after. 
 I was beginning to suffocate, my hands and legs tied with rough, shafting rope. The last thing I remember was Lune's pleas for me to stay awake, to link for Lucien, to keep that blue light glowing—
The blue light was gone.


Lucien: Chapter 42
"Wait!"
"No, we attack first!"
"What? And go begging like pups for Dhoom's mercy? In your dreams, Alex!"
"Oh, and you'd rather get our asses whipped on the first day, Valentin?" Alexander slammed his hands angrily on my new desk, the old on having been long broken in my last fit of rage. 
 Valentin glared at him, and while being significantly shorter, he was also significantly much more intimidating than Alexander was.
 I leaned against the tall lamp behind my desk, studying the warriors who had assembled into my office carefully. I realized now that leaving either of the two men in charge was a horrible decision. They acted on impulse rather than to think their situation through clearly.
  I couldn't blame either of them, however. I had lived in a stressful life planning wars as if it was my homework! Neither Valentin nor Alexander had ever planned a war tactic in their life. Hell, they hadn't fought in a real war before. All they'd witnessed were petty bar fights or Alpha's rolling their childish sleeves up during meetings. 
 Honestly, it bored me.
So, I did nothing. I handed the reins to both men, giving them a silent test of leadership, hesitant on picking who would get a promotion. Alexander and Valentin were both one of the best warriors in my pack. I needed a test of a strategy for them to pass.
"You're awfully quiet," Conner slid up to me. "Something the matter?" 
"No. I'm just...thinking..." I trailed off as a few other men joined, squabbling over the blueprints of Dhoom's land that Alain managed to snatch for us and comparing it to the blueprints that we had already found. Somehow, my estranged father had no idea the precious blueprints of his had disappeared, which I found amusing.
"Thinking of what? How Alex and Valentin remind you of pups? Or if Raleigh is trying to sneak out again?" 
 I rolled my eyes and Conner snickered.
"Both, really. Alex and Valentin will come to an agreement soon. I know them. They squabble like pups but fight like wolves." I shook my head. "As for Raleigh, I know she'll try and sneak out today since I'm not with her."
"You were with her the other days?"
  I nodded. "Yes. That's why we were planning via Woof. She kept trying to get out of the house whenever I was busy."
"Let her live, Lucien." Conner chided.
  I snorted softly. "Yeah? Right when she's just had a major surgery? You're telling me to let her live when she can easily hurt herself?" I shook my head. "Not happening. You know how clumsy she is."
"That's true, but she also likes her independence. Be careful, or you might earn her wrath, which is something I assure you; you don't want to see it." 
 I smirked, ignoring the yelling men. "Why? She yells at you?"  
 Conner groaned. "Cindy and I were at it again, the new norm for us these past few days. She wants to know my opinion on children as if they change miraculously over-night. They didn't and I said some wrong things to her. Raleigh overheard and made me apologize...or rather...Lune did..."
  I chuckled. "So, you faced Lune's wrath, huh? I would say I feel sorry for you, but I really don't." 
 Conner scowled. "How you live with her, I have no idea." 
 I couldn't help but laugh out loud, drawing a few eyes away from the blueprints.
"What is so funny, Alpha?" Ranveer asked. 
 I shook my head, looking away from Conner's glare. "N-Nothing. Just continue," I said, brushing him aside. 
 Ranveer frowned. "We aren't continuing anything because Alexander and Valentin never learned how to come to an agreement!" He grumbled. 
 Alexander's eyes snapped up at his name. "What is it, Alpha?" He asked, diverting Valentin's attention from the map to me.
  I shook my head again. "Nothing, nothing. Just...continue with whatever you were doing." 
 Valentin sneered. "That being...? All we've been doing was fighting for more than half an hour. This oaf can't seem to suck up the fact that if we attack first, all we'll be doing is giving Dhoom liable cards that he can easily throw away!"
  Alexander growled. "Well, if we attack first then he doesn't stand a chance! We can easily catch him off guard!" He snapped back.  
 Valentin muttered something only he'll ever know and Alexander's eyes glowed. He looked ready to pounce on Valentin, and a few other wolves had to hold him back. 
"Hey! Enough of fighting like pups!" I barked. "I gave you your free time, now be serious. Unless you want Dhoom to whip all our asses I suggest you start combining ideas and work together! God, pups fight better than you do!" 
 A few wolves snickered at Alexander and Valentin, who were both turning beet red. 
 "Yes, Alpha." The murmured, bending their heads in submission.
  I grunted and they turned over the table again, talking quietly. 
 Conner whistled lowly. "Well, color me surprised. It's been years since I've heard you use your Alpha voice." He pulled a paper from his pocket, dropping it onto the growing stack by my desk lamp. "What changed? Finally giving Caspian some free rein?" 
 I stiffened. "Had I given him free rein, you'd all be dead," I whispered. "Caspian is unpredictable, even to me. I love him like a brother, but never ask me that again, Conner. I don't want another one of my friends gone..." 
 Conner gulped. "Yes, Alpha." He murmured. "I-If I may...how long has it been for him...?"
"Centuries, I presume. I don't keep track," I said. I stretched my hands up above my head, groaning. "Raleigh sleeps diagonally. It's nearly impossible to sleep without a limb on me."
  Conner chuckled. "And that annoys you because...?"
"It doesn't annoy me. It just gives me a back like a grandpa." I groaned when a bone popped, luckily not so loud that anyone else in the office noticed.
"Why don't you tell her?"
"Because then she'll feel bad and stop cuddling with me!" I whined.  
 Conner clicked his tongue. "Then why are you complaining?"
"I'm not complaining. I’m just saying." I popped another bone. "Besides, it never really is a bother to me when she lays on me. Knowing she's comfortable, that's all that matters to me, really." I sighed. "I wish I could be with her right now. Not planning for a shitty war against my father."
"You still view him as your father?" Conner asked, a bitter trace on his tongue. 
 I frowned. "Somehow, I can't find the courage to call him by his name. No matter how hard I try, I know he's my father, from life to death."
"Speaking of death...now that Dhoom knows about Raleigh...?"
"He knows my weakness. He knows about the only thing—or rather—person that can kill me; the only one who can get rid of my existence. The only problem is, he doesn't know how to use her."
"How would he use her?" Conner asked. 
 I ran a hand through my hair, shaking my head. "To kill me, he'd have to kill her. To eliminate her existence from the Earth. Caspian would go insane from that. My power would fade, our minds would blend, I would no longer be in control of my own body." I faltered. " I would no longer be me. Lucien. I wouldn't exist. It would only be Caspian."
"So then why does he want Raleigh to carry his heir? Does he not know about...?” I grinned and Conner trailed off, a smile slowly curving onto his face. "Damn, he's stupid." I smiled.
 "He is. He thinks making her birth his heir will give him rights to the throne, or possibly, his child would be able to overpower me for it, Raleigh being the Moon Goddess' daughter and all."
"Why not get her pregnant before Dhoom, if he ever finds a way in here." Conner chuckled to himself at his own joke.
"Really? You do realize it takes consent to get a girl pregnant, right?" I asked, folding my arms over my chest.
  Conner shrugged. "Haven't you heard of teenage pregnancy? I hear it's a new human trend." 
 I rolled my eyes. "It's not a trend. It's just a bunch of idiotic human teenagers still learning what puberty is." I waved my hand. "Besides, Raleigh and I talked about having pups and we agreed that it was a plan for the future, just not right now."
"Oh, come on! You can't possibly remember to wear protection every time you both have sex, right? Who does that?" Conner scoffed.
  I eyed him warily. "Um...I do? Don't you?" 
 Conner shook his head. "Nah. What's the need to? It's not like it takes one time to get pregnant." I didn't say anything. "...Right?" 
 I sighed. "Conner, you might want to join those human teenagers the next time they have PE," I suggested, clapping him on his shoulder.  
 His dark skin paled and he bit his finger, his eyes darting from me to the ground. "Y-You are joking, right?" He stammered. 
"Joking about what?" Ranveer walked over to us, hands in his pockets and eyes wary. 
"Conner here thinks it takes more than one tries to get a girl pregnant," I teased. 
 Ranveer snickered. "I think the Alpha is right when he says that you have to go back to school. Dude! It only takes one try! One try and you're done for!" Ranveer placed a hand on his chest. "This is why I'm happy to be gay." 
"I'll let Raleigh know you've already fucked her brother," I said playfully. 
 Ranveer's brown cheeks colored. "I—ah—Do you think she'd be okay with that? Everest is her brother, after all..."
  I laughed. "Well, they may be siblings, but they're different in more than one way. Everest made me ask permission weeks before heat; maybe Raleigh didn't. She doesn't seem like the type to, anyway."
"Apart from the whole, ‘I'm fucking who' thing, you can get pregnant in one try?!"
"Me?!" Both Ranveer and I asked, pointing at each other. 
 Conner rolled his eyes. "Yes, of course! Because men get pregnant!" He glared at us when we began to snicker. "No! I meant girls! Mates! Women!"
  I stopped snickering long enough to reply. "Yes, Conner. They can." I answered, cackling.
  Conner wasn't laughing, though. He leaned against the wall, looking as if I had just told him the Earth was flat. His skin had paled again, his eyes distant. 
 I stopped laughing. "Connor—"
Lucien! A sweet, girly voice chirped in my head and I nearly jumped. 
C-Caspian? Is that you? I asked, laughter bubbling from my throat again. I could feel the wolf roll her eyes.
No! I'm Lune! Raleigh's wolf! She scolded. 
Lune? How are you in my mind? I asked, appalled.
  Lune scoffed. Uh...duh? I'm the Moon Goddess' wolf. But that's beside the point. Point is, Raleigh's sneaking out again, she said firmly. 
 I smiled. Snitching on Raleigh, huh? I don't think she'd like that very much, I teased.
  Lune growled. We're on the same page about her being safe dumbass. Now go see her, she growled.
  I winced. She sounded a lot like my mother whenever I got into trouble, which completely freaked me out. I did not need to see my mother again.
Okay! Okay! I conceded. I turned to Conner, who looked like he was having a mental breakdown.
  I sighed. "Can you take care of things here, Ranveer? I have a—"
"Mate thing?" He interrupted, smiling. I nodded, relieved that I didn't have to explain. 
 Ranveer smiled. "Go ahead. I'll stay with Conner, try and calm everyone down," he said.
  I thanked him quickly, rushing out of my office. Raleigh was hiding behind a pot, looking smug as her eyes were cast to the door. I smiled to myself, knowing she couldn't go outside without wearing any shoes. Carefully, I tip-toed back into our room and grabbed her sneakers, the only shoes she was ever comfortable to walk outside in. 
Secretly, I hid the dirty sneakers behind my back and walked quietly to the steps, watching her movements carefully. It was when she was by the decorative tables that I made my appearance known.
"Just where do you think you're going?" I drawled, leaning against the rail. Raleigh yelped, holding a vase up. I took half a step back, worried she was going to throw it at me. She didn't, though, recognition sparkling in her eyes.
"Oh...Lucien...uh..." she fumbled for an answer, silently cursing Lune.
  I chuckled, dropping down the last of the steps. "Well, you can't go outside without shoes, can you?" I asked, holding her sneakers up.  
 Her eyes lit up, a warm feeling spreading through me.
"Really? Thank you, Lucien!" She squealed.
  I smiled, helping her put the shoes on. I pressed a needy kiss on her lips, one which she eagerly replied to. "Be careful, okay? Take your time and please be safe," I whispered. 
 Raleigh's head bobbed. "Okay, dad, I will," she teased.
  My brain short-circuited. Did she just call me...dad? 
 Caspian growled, hungry. His influence darkened my eyes, and Raleigh stammered.
"Uh...so...bye!" She hastily stumbled out of the house, slamming the door shut behind her. Voices escalated in my office and I growled, pushing Caspian away. I stomped back up to the room.
"What are you all yelling about?!" I yelled, slamming the door open. Everyone except Conner and Ranveer froze. Ranveer looked up lazily, having just enough of their bullshit as I did.
"Still fighting over the battle tactic, Alpha," he explained. I glared at them, Alexander and Valentin especially. Both of them bent their heads, knowing their place.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" I growled. "After I specifically told you to stop arguing?" They both flinched. "Would you rather I bring real pups in? Show you how they fight?"
"...No Alpha." Everyone mumbled.
  I glared at them. "And your own Luna, the one you are so...embarrassed to speak to, managed to find a solution faster than you did, huh?"
"W-What did she suggest?" Alexander quivered. 
 I snarled. "A combination of both. Stay put and wait for his attack but fight back and plan a strategy instead of playing offensive." I clenched my jaw. "I've had my fill for today, and you all look exhausted as it is. Go home. We will continue this discussion tomorrow." 
 "Yes, Alpha."
  The wolves all filed out of my office, including Conner, who muttered something about Cindy staying with Ananya and Avery. I don't think he liked his new roommates, judging by the look on his face. And the implication that he possibly got his wife pregnant only made Conner even more frustrated and upset. 
 Ranveer stayed behind, still smirking as he watched Conner go. He and I sat on the porch, sipping cups of water as I was too lazy to grab anything else.
"So... how did Conner take the news that he could possibly be becoming a father?" I asked. 
 Ranveer sighed, cracking a few of his bones.  "Well, I think you saw the end result." He chuckled. "He's a bit shaken, but I'm sure every man is when they hear the news. He'll be better soon."
"Let's hope so. Conner has a very...firm view on having pups," I decided, sipping my water slowly. I eyed the forest line, where the horizon touched the pack lines; where the moon blessed our village. Something was glowing by the territory markings...something very familiar...
"Wait a minute..." 
 Ranveer stopped speaking, frowning at me. "What?" He stood. "What is it?" 
 A flash of blue light erupted from the pack lines, but just as quickly as it was there, it was gone, fading into the rustling of the trees. I squinted at the lines. We weren't witches or wizards. Nobody had any blue magic here...
...nobody except Raleigh.
I became panicked, jumping up from my chair. Ranveer grabbed my shoulders, worried.
"Alpha? Lucien, what's wrong?"
  I growled, suddenly alert.  "Something isn't right," I snarled. I sprinted to the Beta Manor, Ranveer close on my tail. Reaching the dark door, I banged on the wood, impatiently waiting for Conner to open up.
"What?" He snapped when he did.
  I hardly heard him though. Blood was rushing through my ears, anxiety building up inside of me. "Where's Cindy?" I demanded. 
 Something crashed from behind Conner's back and he winced. "Cindy? She and Raleigh went out on a walk. I don't know anything past that," he replied, looking worried. "Why? What happened?" 
 I mentally cursed myself, snarling. "Something's happened to them. Something isn't right." I turned back to the house. "Ranveer, stay with the pups. Make sure they stay in the house until I've given the okay to get out, understand?" 
 Ranveer nodded. "Yes, Alpha." He shoved past Conner, who stumbled on the porch.
  I felt Caspian rising, his anger smelting with mine.
"Lucien speak English! I don't understand what's going on!" Conner cried. 
 I didn't answer him, though. I felt foolish, horrible, angry. I shifted, feeling the calming sensation of my fur covering my now animal form. I growled.
"Something's happened to Cindy and Raleigh," I said. Conner shifted behind me, his wolf alert with me.
"Let's go!" He growled. We dashed off towards the wolves. I felt more join me as I ran, my pack howling into the wind, a warning to other wolves in my pack to stay inside, and a warning to nearby wolves to scram.
Raleigh! Raleigh, answer me! I ordered through the link. I didn't get anything, however. Not even a speck of electricity, not even a zap of blue spark.
Raleigh! You'd better not be playing with me, Raleigh! Where are you?! I cried through the link. Still, no reply. I snarled, aggravated. 
Get Cindy to link you, I linked to Conner. 
 Conner whimpered. I tried, Alpha. She blocked me earlier because of our fight, right after she went with the Luna Queen, he replied.
  I roared. Damn it! I cursed.
  The wolves around me whimpered. I had never been this angry in front of them. Caspian was gaining more and more control, eagerly eating the power-up.
 We reached the Northern border soon, the exact place where I had last seen the blue light. We all shifted, and I could have cared less that I was nude in the woods. We had all gotten used to it by now, having shifted as a warrior group so many times by now.
"The Luna's scent is strong here, Alpha," Valentin reported.
"The Beta Females too," Alexander added. 
 Shawn prowled by a couple of bushes, taking samples of ripped clothes from the thorn bushes.
"Why don't I smell any other scent?" Conner asked.
  I growled. "They must have masked their scent," I snarled, furious. 
"Alpha! Look!" Alain cried.
  I dashed over to him. He was pointing to a fresh pool of blood by the path leading away from the pack. I gulped, dropping to my knees.
"Alpha...is that...?" Alexander faltered. Conner sniffled behind me, fighting to control his sob. Valentin patted his shoulder.
 I bent down, sniffing the pool carefully. My heart pounded in my chest, tears threatening to spill from my eyes. I felt like howling, like ripping anyone who bothered to give me any sympathy right now. The blood, the fresh, sweet blood of a girl who meant the whole world to me, the girl I knew that I could never live without... her sweet, fighting blood...
Oh, Raleigh...where are you?


Raleigh: Chapter 43

"Raleigh...Raleigh...wake up..."
"Huh...?" 
 Shivering, I pried my eyes open, groaning. My mind was spinning, my brain confused and unsure of what to think. I couldn't see anything; it was as if a bulb in my head had been shut off. 
 I scowled. "Who's there?" I demanded. I twisted on my seat, grimacing when something banged against my hip, shattering my bone.
"Raleigh! Thank god you're up!" A panicked voice replied.
  I shook my head, shaking my fatigue away. "C-Cindy? Is that you...?" I asked. The darkness around me swirled in my eyes, consuming me like a tornado. 
 Something cold slithered up my spine, sinking its fangs into the weak spots on my healing back. A fire burned in my stomach, the flames licking and charring the bones of my ribs and lungs. Breathing felt impossible as if a stone was set against my lungs, pressing my air back.
"Where are we? What are we doing here?" I stammered. 
 Cindy breathed shakily. "Y-You don't remember?" She quivered.  
 Something by my seemingly broken leg twitched and I winced as if I had taken a bullet to my wound and it was sinking in with ease as if it had all the time in the world. 
"Remember what? Speak up, Cindy!" I snapped. Muffled crunching hit my ears from next to me and I gulped, struggling to control the sudden acceleration of my already rampant heart.
"We were taking a walk by the pack borders, remember?" She replied. 
 Squeaking sounds wafted to my ears, something that sounded familiar, yet I couldn't exactly place where. A cold cuff pinched my wrists, clamping hard on the veins that I had never noticed before. The metal scent of a horrible stench of iron, one that I had been forced to get used to with my time at the orphanage.
"Yeah...the pack..." A cold, watery feeling dawned on me. "No... No, no! This isn't happening! Not now, not today!"
  Something banged, and with a cry I was wrenched back against the wall, my back slamming against hard cobblestone. I groaned. The chains laced around my palms snickered at me, creaking and clawing at my skin. Shafting my wrist, I struggled to pull myself up from my lying position.
"Do you know where we are, Cindy?" I called. 
"Does it look like I know?" She snapped. She took a deep breath. "I don't know where we are, or what time of day it is, girl!"
"Great. Lucien's gonna be ecstatic!" I groaned. There goes my trust with him. There was no way he was going to let me out of the house now if he even found me. I dropped my head against the ground. Sticky substances soaked into my body, slithering into my ripped clothes like slimy worms. I grimaced.
"Do you think there's a key somewhere here? It would be nice if there was one," I wondered.  The chains rattled again. 
 "Yeah, like our kidnapper would just leave the keys to the chains somewhere here. Good thinking." Cindy growled and, in the darkness, two glowing irises popped from the darkness opposite the wall I was laying on. They narrowed.
"I don't see shit! Even shifted I don't see anything!" Cindy growled.
  I rolled my eyes. "Whoever took us was obviously a wolf." 
 Something stung on my side, something that was dripping in careful drops into a puddle, the plopping sounds becoming a nuisance to my ears.
"I-I can't feel Lune!" I whimpered. Silence met my voice for a few moments before I heard Cindy gasp.
"Me neither! I can't feel my wolf!" 
 The chains rattled and banged, and I presumed Cindy was trying to free her arms with whatever strength she had left.
"Preserve your energy—Cindy! Ah...let me try something." 
 Vines of anxiety curled around my lungs, trapping my breathing pipes, yet I clenched my jaw. I summoned all the power I had left remaining in my exhausted, empty soul. The power was weak, the sparks barely fighting on my fingertips. The blue flow ran through my body like thick pudding. Bile rose in my throat and my arms collapsed, gasps leaving me.
"Raleigh? Raleigh?" Cindy shouted into the darkness, the ghostly wisps wrapping around me. The fingers clawed at my skin, at my chains, at my soul. I felt my life source being pulled from my body, my breaths leaving me in harsh pants.
"Don't give in, Raleigh! If you see a light, ignore it!" Cindy ordered. Sobs wracked her voice. The chains rattled with desperation.
"I can't breathe!" I choked. 
 The fingers tickled my throat, playing with me. My chest rose and fell with hesitant breaths. Something ripped against my skin and I howled. Cindy cried out, but I couldn't hear her. Something dripped against my arm, and I had a bad feeling I knew what it was.
"Ah—!" 
 The wind was like a sharp, frosty slap to my exposed skin. I held my breath, refusing to let whatever presence was in the room to realize that I was still alive.
"Raleigh...something else is here..." Cindy called. 
 I yanked against my chains, the hot blade an odd sensation to my cold skin. It was like with every touch, my flesh burned and dissipated into charred ash. The blade slowly moved along my stomach, an angry red line following it.
"I don't know about that..." I broke off, the warm blade trailing my cheek. Hot liquid trickled down my cheek and tears pricked at my eyes. 
 Emotion crashed into me in waves, hot and needy. Somehow, a distinct pleasure rose inside of me. The blade against my skin; the hot tip sinking into my flesh, the burning yet pleasuring feeling of slash. Fingers trailed gently over my mind, corrupting me, hypnotizing me.
"Don't give in, Raleigh! It'll use you!" 
 A chorus of whispers soothed my mind, wrapping around like a blanket and making me breathe my first sigh of relief. The hot blade no longer touched my skin, the chains no longer held my wrists hostage. My lungs were no longer compressed, trapped underneath a boulder that refused to free them. I felt as if the Earth had been taken off my shoulders.
"Cindy! Cindy, something is here!" I screamed, elated. 
"What?" Cindy sounded as if she thought I was crazy. "And that's supposed to be a good thing?"
"Yes! I feel...I'm free!" I yanked at my hand, and true enough, nothing held me back, not this time. My wrist ached and I'm pretty sure the bone cracked, judging by the feel of my limp hand. I lifted my finger, and pain shot up my arm, pulsating in my ear.
  I grimaced. "Okay...not trying that again," I grumbled. The pain throbbed up and down my arm, and my head began to swarm with visions.
  I crawled to my knees, a bone promptly cracking in my back. I howled again, louder. The unbearable, hot flush of soreness rushed through my body. I collapsed onto the ground, groaning. Tears threatened to spill from my eyes, blood smeared on my lips and hands.
"Cindy? Cindy, where are you?" I called, blindly touching the floor. I slammed my hand against something spikey and pulled away with a cry, cradling the bleeding limb. 
 Cindy grunted. "Opposite you, I think? I don't know! All I know is that something broke, something is bleeding, and I have a ton of pain crawling on my spine!" She whined.
 I rolled my eyes. "Well, that makes two of us."
  I began to feel my way along the floor, occasionally touching a spike or brushing the sensitive skin of my knee against a knife blade. I'm surprised they weren't illusions.
 "Where are you...?" I hissed to myself. I patted the ground, brushing against a cold puddle of liquid. I grimaced.
"Oh...gross!" I wiped my hand on my skirt. "I don't know if that's blood or if that's urine!"
"Uh, rude! Of course, it's blood!" Cindy snapped. "Help me!"
"I can't even get up!" I snapped back. Nevertheless, I closed my eyes, the same liquid feeling spreading through my body, thumping in my ears. I concentrated, the sparks burning on my fingers. 
 The prickles bounced along my palm, like hot oil. Soon, a clang of metal banged against the cobble. I hastily opened my eyes as Cindy's irises dropped to the ground. The irises disappeared for a second, then soon reappeared, the thin lines narrowed with fury.
"Now what do we do?" I asked. 
 Cindy's sticky arms snuck underneath my arms, lifting me up. I winced when she released my weight, nearly toppling to the ground.  My legs and arms were sticky with blood, my wounds were bleeding freely, my back was sore with a few broken bones. Somehow, I felt very minimal pain. Perhaps it was adrenaline?
 The smell of iron wafted to my nose and I wrinkled it, limping behind Cindy. The taste, too, was on my tongue, yet I hardly tasted anything. Charred flesh wafted strongly to my nose immediately after.
"Ugh! Where are we?" I repeated. I felt Cindy touch the walls, her irises slinking.
"I-I don't know...Oh, gods...where are we...?"
"You know, it's rude to make a mess in someone else's house, especially when you're a guest," a voice drawled. 
 Cindy jumped, pushing me instinctively behind her. I whimpered pathetically, my back really beginning to hurt. The pulsing pain became pounding labor and I wanted to cry out.
"Who's there?" Cindy snarled. "Where are you, you coward?" 
 The man laughed again, a deep, dark laugh that sent a chill up my spine. I shivered.
 "Coward? Is that any way to talk to the man that spared your pathetic life?" The man growled. Footsteps clicked on the cobblestone and as each thundering step grew louder, so did the gnawing pit in my stomach.
"I can't say I'm surprised that you escaped the chains. They weren't the best quality anyway." His throaty chuckle disgusted me, but I resisted the temptation to growl at him. Lune was still dormant in my head, which freaked me out.
"I wouldn't worry about your wolf, Luna Queen," the man reassured as if he read my mind. 
 My guard was immediately thrown up. "How do you know me?" I demanded. 
 Again, he laughed. "Why, all the packs in North America know of your existence, Luna Queen." His feet slid closer to me and I felt Cindy's presence leave. Her warm aura no longer radiated on me; her irises no longer glowed. This man had done something.
"Then again—" he continued before I could speak. "—how could they not know about you? Your precious Alpha King demands we all give you the respect your pathetic crippled body deserves, somehow." 
 I snarled. "I am not pathetic. You have no right to call me that," I defended, heat building up inside of me. My heart was pounding, resonating harshly in my ear, yet I stood my ground, planting my feet firmly on the stone.
  He laughed. "My, my, Quiet brave now, aren't we? Tell me, cripple—"
"That's Luna Queen to you." 
 His voice caught in his throat, as if he wasn't expecting me to contradict him. 
 "What did you say, mutt?" He growled. His bloody, iron breath puffed directly on my face and I resisted the urge to spit at his face.
  I clenched my hands, standing my ground. "You heard me. I am not a cripple. I am proud of who I am, and nothing you say can change that," I growled back. "To you, I am your Luna Queen."
  The man was quiet for a few moments, but then, he let out the loudest forced laugh I had ever heard. I didn't know whether to pity him or smack him.
"You are not my Luna Queen," he snarled. "Lucien is not my Alpha King. He, nor you, deserve those titles—"
"Says who? A pathetic coward who hides in the shadows and kidnaps women for ransom?" I taunted.
  His aura grew fiercer, and I knew I was going on a limb by mocking him, but I was completely done with his crap. He wanted to fight, sure, we'll fight.
"Call me pathetic again and I won't hesitate in controlling myself," he warned.
  I shrugged. "Honestly, I don't give a damn. But since you seem to believe that I have all the free time in the world, then go ahead. Waste it and give me a shitty excuse as to why you kidnapped me," I mocked him easily as if I had rehearsed the words by heart. My heart soared, but alas, that only lasted a short period of time. 
 The man growled, backhanding me hard on my cheek. I screamed; my body flung backward. I hit the wall; a bone sharply cracking as I melted to the ground.
"Ow..." I whimpered. Blood trickled down my cheek and my jaw ached. My back was throbbing and begging me to quit, but I ignored it. I caught his dark irises glowing in the darkness that had covered us. They weren't like Cindy's. No. They didn't radiate any protectiveness Cindy had. They radiated anger, hunger, fury—
—and pain.
 I had hardly had time to understand his flickering gaze before he was on me again, beating me uncontrollably. His blows to my head were the most severe, I think. He furiously smashed his hands against my head. I had no force left to fight back. I curled into a ball, praying to my mother that he would stop.
  Apparently, he took my reluctance and reclusive pose for ignorance, for he fisted a handful of my hair and smashed my head against the ground.
"Cindy!" I cried. "Cindy! Help! Cindy!" It was of no use. Cindy was gone, taken far away from me. I couldn't breathe. The air had been knocked out of my lungs, my back crying. Blood poured from the open wound on my skull and the man clawed at my skin. He ripped at my mark with his teeth, his claws slashing my skin.
"Stop! Please! Stop!" I begged. Pain climbed up my body, but once it had reached the last step, I no longer felt it or felt anything. In fact, it was as if I had become numb to his torture, ignorant of how he destroyed my body.
"Do you still think this is funny now?" He growled. He fisted my hair from the roots of my skull and pulled my head up, the skin on my neck pulled roughly. He straddled my back, pressing against the fresh wound. I sobbed.
"Do you, cripple? Huh? Do you still think this is a joke?" He slammed my face against the ground again. "Answer me, cripple! Is it?"
"N-No... please...please..." I wept. He flipped me on the ground, slapping me roughly on my face. I winced.
"Stop crying, you pathetic mistake!" He snarled. "Why if you weren't the Moon Goddess' daughter I would have killed you and your friend on the spot!"
"Then do it!" I taunted. "Kill me! Kill me, and Lucien kills you!"
  He laughed, smacking me again. My cheek stung.
"Your Alpha will not only kill me. He'll kill everyone. You hear?"
  I clenched my hands. "Lucien wouldn't kill randomly!” I denied. 
 He laughed. "Oh yeah? Wanna bet?" Something sliced against my cheek. Something cold and metal...
"I bet he will kill everyone. I know Lucien, and I know his weakness. You." He leaned closer, his iron breath fanning against my ear. "You don't know Lucien, Raleigh. I do. I know how dangerous he is. I know the wolf he hides behind his mask." He sliced my cheek but I said nothing. "You think you're the only one in this world that has a mask, but in truth, everyone wears a mask of lies—" He dropped the knife, the weapon sinking into my arm. I roared in pain, thrashing underneath him. He held me still however, his fingers digging into my skin. "—including Lucien." 
 He got off of me and I rolled on my side, clutching my arm. At this point, all I could feel was blood pouring out of me from anywhere and everywhere.
"I don't believe you!" I denied. 
"Oh, sweetheart, you won't believe me, I know." The knife trailed against my throat. "Nobody does. Nobody ever did. Nobody cared."  
 The bitterness that had been hiding underneath his tongue spread on his lips. "Nobody cared when my family was taken from me; nobody cared when my child was killed; nobody cared when my wife was taken away, and eventually killed." He dipped the knife against my throat. "And do you know who I have to thank for all of that? Hm? You and your precious Alpha King. He took everything away from me! Just by a snap of his fingers, he has wolves begging and falling at his feet." He chuckled. "Well, almost all the wolves. He'll be put in his place shortly."
"You have no right to talk about Lucien like that!" I cried. 
 The man hummed. "Don't I, though? Has he not told you?"
  I frowned. "Told me...what?" I asked warily. 
 He cackled. "Why, did you not know. Your Alpha King was very popular with women back in his day, if you know what I mean..."
"I am his mate! Of course, I... I know," I stammered. 
"Do you, though? Do you know how many women he has touched? How many he has whispered sweet nothings into? How many he has taken to that very bed you sleep on? How many he has sunk into?"
  With each accusation, his knife lowered against my throat. I shivered, swallowing. The metal pressed uncomfortably against the thin skin of my throat.
"I...I..."
"Oh, has he not told you? My apologies," he mocked. "Lucien hides behind a facade of good and kindness. Behind a mask of compassion and fair rule. To the outside world, he's the perfect King, the perfect wolf, the perfect husband. To me, though—" he paused to laugh. "—he's the same playboy entitled king I knew when we first met. When he first diluted me, ridded me of Sergio. When he claimed me to be mad, to be insane, to be a worthy Alpha. Don't be fooled by his white mask, Luna Queen. Lucien is just as much of a killer as I am."
"Lucien is not a ruthless killer. He kills to protect his family; to protect his friends; to protect his pack." I mumbled. "Lucien is not what you portray him to be—"
"Yet he took them away!" The man roared. He flung me over his shoulder and I cried out, the pain spasming inside me. "He took my wife! He took my status! He took my pride! He is the reason my child is dead!" He slammed me against the wall, and the familiar cuffs of cold metal clawed at my wrists once more. 
 I groaned, blood trickling down my mouth. I didn't bother to lift my head up, not even as his ferocious claws ripped at my clothes, leaving me bare before him. He didn't touch me, though. His fingertips ghosted over my skin and with whatever strength I had, I kicked blindly, pride filling me at his pained yelp.
"You keep your hands off me," I growled. 
"Why? You belong to no man, Raleigh. Or has Lucien already gotten a collar for you?" The man teased. 
 I clenched my jaw. "You know, for a man who thinks so full of himself, it's quite a shame you hide behind a dark mask yourself," I spat. "What? Afraid you won't be as menacing as you seem? Or are you just as pathetic as I am?" 
 He growled.  "Do you want to see how pathetic I am, Luna Queen?" He snarled. His rough fingers squeezed my skin, but not with the intent of pleasure. This was with the intent of hurting, of pain.
  I clenched my eyes shut. "Gladly. Let's see who you hide behind your mask, kidnapper," I snarled back. 
  As if by magic, a light flickered by my chains. The small part of the room where I was chained illuminated brightly, displaying the dust and soot covering the cracked cobblestone floors. The blood puddles rippling on the ground; the splats of blood on the wall. 
 I rolled my eyes. "So, you like murder. That doesn't show—!" 
 He tapped my shoulder, and with a start, I looked straight. My jaw dropped to the ground. Tears welled my eyes and adrenaline pumped erratically through me. My palms became sweaty and I thrashed and bawled furiously, yanking at my chains and crying. 
 My chest heaved, shivering, and trembling. For the third time in my life, I had been betrayed. Betrayed by one who I thought had not only my back but Lucien's as well. One who I thought was grieving with his family, one who I looked up to as another father, or brother even.
 Illuminated in the light, watching me with no emotion displayed whatsoever on his narrowed eyes and thin, tight lips; hair matted and face bruised—
—was Greg.


Lucien: Chapter 44

 Two weeks, ten hours, fifteen minutes, and thirty seconds. 
 That was how long it had been since they had disappeared—since they had been kidnapped. The bile in my throat only grew larger when I thought of her. 
 Caspian was mute in my head, refusing to speak with me. Conner had locked himself in his house after days of berating himself. I won't deny that I had berated myself as well.
What kind of mate was I? I knew Raleigh had just had surgery. I knew something could have happened to her if I let her go. I knew being alone with Cindy wasn't enough to save her—
—Then why did I let her?
 It was a foolish mistake. Something I regretted immensely. The weight of my actions weighed heavily on me as if I had been punished with carrying the moon on my shoulders. No doubt this was the work of my father, of Dhoom. This was part of his revenge, and he was succeeding.
 My pack tried to console me; hell, even Ananya and Avery tried to console me, and they didn't even know what I was upset for!
 Nothing they said could make me feel any better. My conscious scolded me mercilessly, and I barely got any sleep. I missed her so much, my Raleigh.
 I missed the way she would wrap her small arms around my torso as she slept, searching for my warmth. I missed the way she would blush and stammer a reply to any of my flirtations, or the way we'd have long banter battles until I would graciously give up to boost her ego. I missed just talking to her, even. The sweet sound of her quiet, shy voice or her melodious humming. The house felt empty without her. I felt myself slowly going insane without her.
 I stood with a start from the bed, glaring at the rumpled bed sheets and bland covers. I remember when I first began to become comfortable with Raleigh and she'd compare the colors of the white pillows just because Jasmine wanted her to know the differences.
Cream, I thought. The color she despised, the color that looked the most beautiful on her. I couldn't help the sob that I choked out. The color she would wear when we got married...if we got married at all. 
 All the energy in me faded like an ocean tricking into a stream and I threw the pillow away. It toppled to the ground and bounced around the floor for a few moments before stopping completely by my desk. 
"Stupid colors," I grumbled, wiping roughly at my eyes. I stomped over to the pillow, bending to pick it up when something on the desk caught my eye.
 It was my old white shirt and boxers, the same ones that I had given to Raleigh to wear on our first night sleeping together. Sometimes she still wore them, running excitedly around the house in the loose white shirt and boxers that fit her hips as if they were shorts. 
 I sighed heavily and threw my clothes into the hamper. I didn't want to look at them. I didn't want to think about her, to remember her right now. I needed to control my temper, to control Caspian. He wasn't speaking to me, which was terrifying.
"I need to calm myself. I need to...but I miss her so much...I—"
  I squeezed my eyes shut, hot liquid trailing down my cheek. I wiped them away roughly, but they didn't stop. They kept flowing, harder, and faster. As if I was a broken tap that had no bandage to fix it. As if I were a shower that had no end; a river that had no beginning.
"Why did you leave me?!" I cried. "Why was I so stupid! Why did I let you go! Why...why..."
  I had no other insults to poke at myself, no other insults to cry to the world; to plead with. My trackers had found nothing; not a single trace of Cindy or Raleigh's scent and I was forced to concede to the fact that she was most likely gone. Every disappointing report I got from my pack enlarged the void in my chest; the emptiness in my heart.
 "Raleigh...I'm sorry, I am so, so sorry..." I wept. I sunk to the ground, my heart like a heavy iron anchor. I stayed there for a while, sobbing and weeping silently. What hurt more was that I had nobody to talk to. Conner was locked up in his own house; Jasmine was in the hospital with Benedict; Raleigh was...she was gone.
 That brought another wave of harsh tears towards me at full force and I stood. I couldn't bear to be in that room anymore; not in the place where all of our memories, or at least, most of them were made. 
 I slammed the door to my house shut, a flock of birds scurrying to fly away from my house. I wiped at my eyes harshly, not wanting my pack to see their Alpha in tears. 
"Lucien? Why are you crying?" 
  I blinked, wiping my eyes just to make sure nobody was in front of me. Was I hallucinating too? A hand tugged at my worn jeans, and with a weak, knowing smile, I looked down, scooping Avery up from the ground.
"What's up, Avery?" I croaked. 
 Avery's eyebrows dipped. Somehow, children knew when you were lying, which I often found amusing unless it was with me.
"You're lying. My sister told me never to lie," Avery pouted. "Where's the Luna? She promised she'd play with me!"
  I bit my lip. "Where's Ananya? I thought she was going to play with you?" 
 Avery shrugged. "Ananya is sleeping. Cindy said she'd play with me when she woke up, but now I can't find Cindy anywhere!" He crossed his tiny arms over his chest, scowling. "Is there a magician here? Why does everybody keep disappearing?" 
 For the first time that day, a laugh bubbled from my lips. 
 Avery smiled. "You still didn't answer me, Lucien," he said. "Why were you crying?"
  I shook my head fondly, realizing nothing would be passing Avery's radar. "I just miss Raleigh, that's all."
  Avery looked confused. "But why? Can't you make her come back?" He asked.
  I shook my head. "I'm afraid not. I need to solve the mystery to bring her back," I said. 
 Avery nodded with a hum. He looked like he was thinking of something. "That means she's the best at hide and seek, right, Lucien? Does that mean she's the best at hide and seek?"
  I smiled. "Yes. She and your sister are very good at hide and seek," I agreed. 
 Avery giggled. "But I'm the bestest at hide and seek!" He announced. 
 I raised my eyebrow, walking along the outer trails of the pack. "Bestest isn't a word, Avery," I teased.
  Avery shrugged indifferently. "So? I made it up, and I like it," he said, a smug grin on his lips and a finger poking his chest.
  I chuckled. "I'm sure we all made that word up as pups, Avery. But still, I'm proud of you." I faltered for a moment, weighing my options. "How do you like your older sister?" 
 Avery frowned. "Cindy? I like her. She's nice and she's fun. I don't like Cody. He yells at us." 
 I snorted. "You mean Conner?"
  Avery crossed his eyes. "Cody, Conner. You say potato, I say potato. What's the difference?" 
  I rolled my eyes, but I had to give it to Avery for being a good smart ass. I jostled him slightly, tossing some stones away from the children's part of the pack. 
 A few of my building wolves were working on higher fences and enhancing the pack lines in case Dhoom decided to attack us first. So far, apart from Raleigh's kidnapping, he'd been laying pretty low on the radar.
 Some of the pups that had been forced to stay inside during the more critical periods of the year (i.e.: Dhoom's reveal; Lucinda's hanging) were fooling around on the large playset, pushing each other down the slides or taking turns on the swings. I was glad that they played less rambunctiously than human kids, who played as if they were at war with each other.
 I set Avery down on the ground and gave him a gentle nudge towards the play area. He eagerly took the hint, bounding away to play with a couple of boys his age by the slides.
  I caught Ananya from the corner of my eye, her small feet moving as fast as a treadmill as she ran to her brother, a huge smile on her face. That made me pause. If Ananya was here, then...
 A dark, imposing figure slouched on a bench by the slides, looking dull and tired. A shadow was cast over him, and many of the other wolves strayed away from him, or rather, his seemingly unpredictable temper. I approached Conner carefully. He didn't look up.
"Hey, Conner. How have you been?" I asked slowly, dropping on the bench next to him. 
 Conner took a swig of the green bottle that had been dangling from his limp arm. "I've been feeling like shit the past few days, Alpha. How have you been?" He snapped. 
 I glared at him. "Hey, don't take your anger out on me, Conner," I warned. 
 Conner took another swig. "I know, but can you blame me for being snappy, man? I've been crying for the past two weeks!" He tossed the empty bottle with a growl into the trash can, scowling. 
"You're right...I can't really blame you..." I murmured. "I know how hard it is to not have your mate with you..."
"Yeah. Cindy and I haven't been separated since our wedding." Conner kicked his feet on the wood chips. "And to think our last conversation was an argument."
"Again? The same topic?" I asked. 
 Conner nodded. "Yeah. As I said, she thinks my judgment on kids will change miraculously overnight. I've had a shitshow dealing with Ananya and Avery!"
"They're not bad kids, Conner..." I protested. 
 Conner glared at me, and for the first time, I caught a glimpse of how devastated Conner really was. His dark eyes had circles underneath them and his eyes were bloodshot.
"Damn! When was the last time you slept?" I exclaimed.
  Conner shrugged. "I don't remember. Tuesday? Maybe last Thursday? I don't know! It's not the same sleeping in an empty bed!"
"Tell me about it," I groaned. "But what can we do? We have no lead, no scent, no evidence. All we have is a puddle of Raleigh's blood, which by now is already dissolved into the ground!" 
 Conner remained silent, shaking his head. After a few moments, he mumbled: "We're horrible mates..." 
 I leaned back on the bench, clenching my jaw. "Yeah, we are. Instead of looking for them, we're contemplating life in front of the children's playground!" I sneered. "Pathetic."
"Did Alexander or Valentin find anything?" Conner asked.
"No. It doesn't matter now, anyway. Josephine went into labor yesterday and now Tara's pregnant. I doubt we'll be getting any help from those two anymore."
  Conner spit on the ground, hissing a curse. "Now they decide to have pups? Now? When they could have had pups before all of this shit?"
  I closed my eyes, blinking. "Apparently. The only thing I'd hope would be true is that Dhoom is behind this." 
 Conner grunted. "I'm going to fucking kill that bitch," He swore.
  I glared at him, jerking my head to the playground. 
 Conner rolled his eyes. "What? There are teenagers here, too, you know? They've been cursing since the Moon Goddess was born." 
 I sighed, craning to look behind Conner. A group of teens hung out closer to the adults, giggling and touching with each other.
"They act like girls, all of them," I grumbled. 
 Conner snickered. "Boys included?"
"Of course." I raised my hands above my head, grunting when a bone popped. "How long have you been here?"
"For a few hours now. Avery went to play with a few of his friends, and Ananya wanted to play too, so I brought her to the park. I don't think I would be able to stand another crying fit from her."
"That's parenting, Conner. You live it and you learn from it."
  Conner shivered. "This is why I don't want pups. They're too much trouble to take care of. Do you know how much money I have spent on diapers and other baby needs for these two? Way more than Cindy spends on her shopping monthly!" I chuckled lightly and Conner glared at me. "Oh, you find my suffering amusing, huh? Just wait till you and Raleigh have pups of your own. Then you'll understand." I sighed, shaking my head.
"I like the pups. They're funny and easy to take care of, I think. That's probably because I had two younger siblings to look after while my parents fought all the time." I looked at the small playhouse, where Ananya and another young boy were playing house. I glanced at Avery, noting with a slight chuckle his beet-red face. His fists were clenched, but Ananya and Arjun hardly noticed him.
"Look at Avery. He's so jealous right now," I whispered. 
 Conner looked up from his phone, glancing from the slide to the playhouse. He chuckled. "Well, that's what happens when you have an older brother. Do you think anyone likes Avery?"
"I think Austin likes him."
"Austin? Fred's son?"
"Yeah...he keeps looking at Avery..."
"Huh, this just got interesting..." 
 I slapped Conner on the back and he yelped, jumping up from his seat. All the pups turned to look at him, breaking out into laughter. A couple of the teens giggled and even the adults shared a laugh.
"What the hell, Lucien?" He demanded. 
 I barked out a laugh. "You scream like a girl, Conner," I choked.  
 Conner rolled his eyes, plopping back down on the bench. "Yeah, yeah. And how does Raleigh scream, hm?" 
 I grinned wickedly. "Like a woman," I dropped.
  Conner's smug grin faltered and I laughed harder, vaguely feeling his hand colliding with my arm.
Stop fooling around and find Raleigh! Caspian, for the first time in weeks, barked. 
 I was so surprised my voice caught in my throat. Caspian! Where have you been, buddy?
I've been trying to get a hold of Lune. Nothing's working. Every time I try, I get burned by—
—Silver I growled. 
 Caspian nodded. Then, his head bent with a whimper. I miss her, Lucien. He whined. I miss her so much...I want her back, back with us.
  I sympathized with him, cooling my mind. I know you do, Caspian. I do too. Don't worry, though. We're going to find her, I promise. We will be reunited with Lune and Raleigh.
  Caspian whimpered again. Please make it quick. 
 I sighed. I'll try, Caspian. I'll try.
"What did Caspian want?" Conner asked dryly.
"He was trying to look for Lune. They've chained them up in silver..."
"What?!" Conner blurted. "Silver? B-But that's murder!"
"Exactly," I growled. "They're testing our patience. I swear when I get my hands on Dhoom, I'm gonna kick his ass!"
"I already called dibs on that, Alpha. You can have his henchmen," Conner growled. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Shut up."
"Alpha! Alpha!" Valentin and Alexander's chorus of panic reached my ears and I jumped from my seat, swiveling on my heels. They rushed towards me, eyes flickering and beads of sweat tracing their brow.
"What is it? What's going on? Why aren't you with your families?" I asked. Valentin shook his head quickly, looking exhilarated.
"Don't worry about that, Alpha! We have great news!" Alexander exclaimed.
  All the kids looked at him robotically, and to prevent another apocalypse fiasco, I dragged all three men by the border.
"What? What is this news that could somehow cheer me up during the loss of my mate? Hm?" My scolding didn't seem to wipe the smiles off of Alexander and Valentin's faces, however. They bounced on their toes eagerly.
"So, we went out tracking by the Northern border because something felt off over there. While we were scouting, Valentin caught a trace of blood! Rogue Lycan blood!"
  My heart leaped. "What? Really, where?!" Caspian howled in my head and Valentin and Alexander led Conner and me to the Northern border, where a small puddle of blood still remained. My heart crushed.
"Guys...this is Raleigh's blood. Not a rogue's," I said.
  Alexander shook his head. "No! Not here!" He led Conner and me underneath the canopy of leaves, above the roots and below the vines towards a clear opening with a mossy ground and a peephole for the sun to look through.
"So? If you don't have anything to show us, then please don't get our hopes up," Conner pleaded.
  Alexander growled. "Here!" He shouted. He knelt on the ground and pointed to a trail of dark brownish blood.
  I looked over his shoulder, taking a deep whiff of the iron scent. Sure enough, the dark smell of charred meat mixed into the scent, making me gag.
"Damn...you really did it...!" I awed. 
 Alexander and Valentin's chests puffed up proudly, but before I could congratulate both of them and celebrate on my own, slow clapping carried to my ears.
"My, my, So, you figured it out, much quicker than I planned you to.” 
   Alert, I turned, catching the dark eyes of Greg. My wall dropped. “Greg! I didn’t know you were coming! Why didn’t you— “I was cut off when Greg swung his arm, the punch aimed directly for my jaw. I almost lost my reflex, until I realized what he was doing and grabbed his arms. He panted wildly, his eyes flickering dangerously.
“What the hell, Greg!”
“My name is not Greg, Alpha King! It’s Gavin!” He roared, trying with all his might to pry my hands off of his arms. 
 I growled, pushing him back. “What do you mean? Why did you try and hit me...?”
“You took everything away from me!” Greg cried. “My children! My wife! Now I’m doing the same! Now you will suffer exactly how I did when you passed my pups to someone else! When you hanged my wife! When you rid me of the wolves, I loved the most in my life!”
 “What do you mean? Tania’s fine—!” I paused. “Wait...hanged...?” 
 Greg shoved me away and Alexander and Valentin immediately stepped closer to me, ready to pounce if needed.
“Yes, you idiot! My wife...My Lucy...You killed her!” In a blind rage, he pounced to attack again, but Alexander was quicker. He caught Greg in a chokehold, but Greg, being slimmer, slipped out of his grasp easily.
“Greg...what do you mean...why...?” I was at a loss of words, pent up anger and pain building inside of me, like a volcano ready to burst.
“You killed my wife! Now I’ll kill yours! I’ll kill the one person who meant everything to you, who you can’t live without Alpha King, but in case you didn’t understand, let me dumb it down to your level—" Greg stumbled away, the same dark tornado in his eyes, but I already knew what he was going to say. A fire ignited in my chest, the void mending itself with the thread of anger, not the thread of peace.
“—I kidnapped Raleigh.”


Raleigh: Chapter 45

"I spy with my little eye, something...red."
"...Blood?"
"Yes..."
"My turn. I spy with my little eye, something also red."
"...Blood?"
"Ah...yes."  
 I rolled my eyes and craned my neck, wincing when I thought my skin would rip apart from the stretch. 
 Cindy was hanging right next to me, stripped and equally as bored. I don't know how long Greg had kept us in, whatever this place was, but I felt a void carefully being crafted inside of me. Lune wasn't responding to any of my attempts to talk to her, which made my stomach churn. Was she mad at me? Was she giving me the silent treatment?
  I forced some blue light from my fingers, but it was as if my blood had turned into pudding. It circulated slowly around my body, forcing all my power to sit in a pit in my stomach, a watery, nauseating pit.
  Cindy, for the most part, had nagged Greg into leaving us alone for a few minutes. Those minutes turned into hours, which regretfully did not turn into days. Greg visited every day for about half an hour just to slap red lines on our backs and to fill his stock of blood. I'm not sure how much more of this I could take; I was surprised I even lasted a day!
 The cold iron cuffs remained on my wrists during our stay, no matter what Greg did. Even when ridding us of our clothes, no matter how hard it became to get my shirt off, the cuffs remained. I was laying on the ground anyway. Even if the bonds were to come off, I would still have no way of getting out.
 So, I didn't even try. Cindy and I lamented in our cruel fate, all hope of being rescued fading into a speck of air. While she dangled from the wall, I sunk in my blood, as if the droplets would melt into my skin and join my other blood cells once again.
"You know why we've been in so much pain?" Cindy spoke out of the blue. 
  I wiggled my arms, groaning at a sharp zap of electricity that shattered my spine. "No. Why? Because your dad is a psychopath?" 
 Cindy scoffed. "I don't see Lucinda as my mother, so Greg is not my father." She denied. "But yes, he is a fucking psychopath. Now, do you know?"
"No. What is it?"
"Silver."
"Silver?"
"Yeah! And a little bit of gold."
"...So?"
"Silver is like poison for werewolves, but curable. However, Gold isn't. Gold kills us with no return. It drains us dry of our blood."
"Well, what a nice host he is," I grumbled. I yanked at my chains again, only for my arm to fall limply by my side, splashing into the sticky liquid I was drenched in. I grimaced.
"What's it like, hanging?" I called. 
 Cindy glared at me, shaking. "What's it like taking a bath in your own blood?" She countered. 
"Disgusting."
"Well, I feel stupid, exposed, and I have this fucking cramp on my arm that nobody cares about!" 
 I rolled my eyes. "Cindy, we're both naked," I deadpanned.
  Cindy scoffed. "So? Look at my poor skin. I look like a skeleton!" She shook some more in her chains, the obvious swelling of her stomach shaking with her body movements.
  I watched her cautiously. "Has Greg hurt you too badly?"
"You mean apart from whipping me into getting you to divulge information? No. He treats me okay. What about you?"
"Take a guess." 
 Cindy's glowing irises flickered from up to down, my only hint that she was assessing me. She hissed after a while. "Oof. That bad, huh?"
  Lifting my arm was as if I were lifting a boulder, but I managed to raise my limp limb only for it to splash to the ground again. "Yep. I know he broke some of my ribs and definitely my arm. Not too sure about anything else, though." I shrugged, my bone popping with a wince. "How's the baby?" 
 Cindy sighed. Her irises flickered down, and I knew she was looking at her bump. "Doing okay. I'm surprised Greg hasn't noticed it yet..." Her irises flickered back up to me. "Wait, can you tell me it's gender?"
"How did you know I can do that?"
"Josephine told me after you took your wild guess. Jocelyn too. I guess it's because the Moon Goddess is your mother, you have the same power she does."
"Possibly, and sure, I'll try." I closed my eyes, tuning out whatever other creaks and claps I heard from inside the room. I focused on my rhythmic breathing, my smooth yet sticky fingers, my shivers, and my fatigue. 
 Soon enough, the familiar feeling of warmth spread through me. A chorus of whispers spread through my mind and as soon as they stopped their chant, I heard it: A soft, weak thumping that was not my heart. The sound was like a marching band, giving me the courage to press harder and to discover more.
"Well?" Cindy asked when she heard my gasps of awakening. "What is it?"
  I couldn't help but smile in the evading darkness, even though she didn't know I was. "Congrats Cindy. It's a girl." I said. 
 Cindy was quiet, and for a moment I thought she didn't like the idea of having a baby girl, but soon, heard quiet sobs from my left. Even though I couldn't see her, I could hear her, clearly. The shackles rattled with her movement.
 "I-I can't believe it-" She stammered. "A girl... a baby girl..."
 "How do you feel?" I asked, my lips curving into a wider smile. 
 Cindy sniffled, her shackles ringing again. "I-I don't even care if Conner doesn't want this baby anymore," Cindy stammered. "I want her. And I'm going to keep her, no matter what he says."
 "I'm sure Lucien was able to talk some sense into him," I assured. Cindy snorted. "Yeah, right. Have you ever tried to break a table with your hands?"
 "...No... why?" 
"Because that is Connor's mindset right there. He's so stubborn that his head would be the table, and my hands would be logic," Cindy snapped. 
 I giggled. "You guys fight as if you were a couple in your eighties," I teased. 
 Cindy scoffed. "Yeah, right. You and Lucien don't fight?"
"We've had petty arguments here and there, most really about my health. Apart from that, we haven't had a major argument yet."
"Lucky. Conner and I fight all the time, especially because of my pregnancy."
"He doesn't know about it, right?"
"No, not yet."
"What a shame," Greg drawled lazily from somewhere in the darkness. He was twirling something, the object cutting the air as a pan sizzle.
  I flinched. "How much did you hear?" I snarled, my shackles rising.  
 Greg chuckled. "Oh, I heard everything. Every single little detail." Cold metal traced my jaw, the tingles now a familiar prick to my skin.
  I rolled my eyes. "You were spying on girl talk? And you say we're horrible guests?" I spat. 
 Greg's knife faltered. "You don't know the half of what I have had to do to get you here, and you call me a horrible host? I've had to trick that hard-headed Alpha of yours—do you know how long that took?"
 "Uh...years?" I suggested. The metal was once again at my throat, tracing the bulb on my throat. I swallowed, the tip sinking slightly into my skin.
"You sure do know how to work that mouth of yours, don't you Luna Queen. In fact, that was one of the first things I noticed about you. Your quiet whimpers as Lucien played with you; it didn't go unnoticed by me how lively you were...how eager you are..." 
 Bile rose in my throat at the suggestive manner he spoke of me. The dip of his voice, the husky edge on his lips. What disgusted me more, however, was the fact that I looked up to Greg, as if he were my father.
"Get away from me," I hissed. 
 Greg chuckled. "My, what a smart mouth you are," he mused. "I'm sure you didn't say that to Lucien when he held you, did you? Did you snap at him when his hands traced your delicate body; when his eyes claimed your soul? Did you scold him for making love to you; for passionately calling your name? No, I would think not." 
 Something rough gripped my thigh, and I had a bad feeling it was Greg's hand. Repulsion circulated through me and I wrenched against the chains, his hand retreating away quickly.
"I know what you do with the Lycan King, Raleigh. I have heard every word you spoke since you arrived. I have heard every moan that has slipped from those pink lips of yours. What makes Lucien any different than me?" Greg neared me again, his shadow holding me down. 
 I clenched my jaw, struggling to raise my hand. The shadows bound me to the ground, holding me firm as if they were chains in their own right. I struggled, cursing underneath my breath. "Why, Greg? Why? What did I ever do to you? What did Lucien ever do to you?" I begged. 
 Two glowing irises popped in front of me, a whiskey scent puffing on my face. I resisted the urge to gag.
"Why, you ask?" Greg laughed. "I thought you'd never ask. Quite honestly, you were becoming quite tedious hostages. Ah, they don't make movies accurate anymore."
"Greg, Cindy's your daughter!" Cindy squawked indignantly but I ignored her. "Why would you kidnap her? If it's me you want, then why bring her?"
  Greg remained quiet for a few moments. He didn't breathe a word, and for a while, I was worried I had angered him until he began to speak in the softest voice, I'd ever heard a man speak in. 
"It was the early 90's." He began, sounding distant. His hand remained on my leg, but he didn't move it up nor down. It simply remained in place, which somehow made my stomach boil harder.
"I was a foolish man at that time, I'll admit. Kicked out of my pack for sleeping forcefully with a mated wolf. She was a catch I couldn't pass, why they didn't understand, I had no idea." Greg laughed, but his laughter trailed off when Cindy and I both remained quiet.
  He coughed. "So, anyway, I was kicked out. Left to be a rogue wandering the dangers of the forest. Until recently, being a rogue was probably the most dangerous occupation in town. We were being hunted, captured, and even killed!" Greg moved his hand slightly, pausing when I tensed.
"Keep talking," I growled. Somehow, my blood ran faster, some sparks jumping from my tips.
  Greg's irises narrowed. "Dhoom found me shortly after. He brought me to his pack, made me a General. For a while, life was good." He sighed. "But then, it became even better." 
 I frowned, my eyebrows dipping. "How so?"
"I met the woman of my dreams, my mate." Greg sighed. "Oh, how she was beautiful. Her long purple and pink ombre; her golden eyes and dark skin that could compare to the Moon Goddess' pale complexion! She was my love, my one and only—"
"—Lucinda?" I awed. 
 Greg growled slightly, but with a snap of his eyes, his earlier fury that was rising from his pupils disappeared. "Yes," he affirmed. "We were happy for a long time...until she got pregnant."
"Why?" Cindy asked, speaking for the first-time during Greg's monologue. Greg's irises flickered presumably to her. 
 He cackled. "Why? Dhoom was going to send me on a mission, that's why," he growled. "I was to kidnap the abandoned daughter of the Moon Goddess, a myth that Dhoom wanted to be proven correct." His irises burned into my naked chest and I had the sudden urge to cover myself up if I could.
"Unfortunately, I met your brother instead, which diverted my attention from the mission, causing Dhoom to lose whatever faith he had left in me." Greg's eyes began to glow, his breathing increasing its pace and his voice reminiscing that of a wolf. "As punishment, Lucinda was sent away from me to Lucien's pack, a task to spy on him and await the Luna's arrival. It was simply a happenstance that you were his mate, Dhoom had no idea about your mateship." Greg's hand stroked my leg and I kicked it away abruptly, drawing a dry chuckle from him.
"Whatever the case, our baby, because of the lack of nourishment Lucinda had to suffer for my failure, died. I will never forgive Dhoom for the death of my baby girl...my sweet baby girl who didn't even have the chance to see the light of day!" Something crashed beside me and I screamed, wrenching away. 
 Greg cackled and I cried out again, the cold glass shards slicing into my skin.
 "Ah..." I gasped, choking as blood seeped from the cracks on my skin. Cindy's binds shook in an attempt to help me, but I knew it was no use. Pain slithered up my back, sinking its fangs into my core, my heart. I cried out again, all my energy bleeding out of me. Greg cackled.
"Wait...I thought Dhoom wanted me? What do you want me for?" I asked, starting to piece together his puzzle of words. 
 Greg's eyes flashed. "I have no intention of carrying out Dhoom's orders," he said dismissively. "That lying bastard promised me the safety of my wife and child, yet I come home to one transferred and the other dead." The knife was once again against my cheek, this time, the metal burning hot against the chill in the air. 
"Dhoom simply wants you for a trophy, something he can claim. This is supposed to be my second chance. Darius was the one who tried to rape you—he was supposed to drug you and kidnap you, and David almost made it, however, they had a little...setback..." I heard Greg mumble 'women' underneath his breath. "Dhoom needs an heir from you, a boy more powerful than his own son. One who can take over the throne in the blink of an eye while Lucien still looks for his clothes to dress into. I, on the other hand—" 
 Greg's hand slithered up to my arm, his gentleness replaced by a sudden harshness. His fingers dug into the ripped flesh of my hand, gripping it so hard I could feel my blood stop circulating.
 "Ah—-!" I tried to pull away, but with all the pain that had blanketed my body and the strength Greg possessed, I easily gave in, knowing I was no match for him. 
"I want you for something else..." 
 The lights suddenly flickered on, but when I managed to see again, the dots of color dissolving from my orbs, I realized Greg was nowhere by me. In fact, he was standing in front of Cindy, a dagger placed right above her navel. Cindy shivered, trying hard to suppress her breathing. 
"What do you want, Greg?! Why do you want to hurt your own daughter?!" I cried, straining against the silver-dipped chains. The dirty cobblestone floor was covered in blood, the sparking one obviously mine. Greg smirked.
"It is said that the Moon Goddess' blood is able to revive the dead. As for Cindy, I never wanted a girl as my firstborn. I need a boy to carry my legacy, and Avery is far too young to do so..." The dagger pressed against Cindy's bellybutton and she whimpered.
  I growled. "What do you want, Greg?" I snarled. 
"Simple. Your blood. As for how I plan to gain that blood...well, I believe that is self-explanatory, no?" The dagger inched closer to Cindy's tender skin, and with a cold realization, I realized I knew what Greg meant. All the beating, all the whipping, and the cutting; it wasn't just for fun...
"You intend to drain me dry," I spoke coldly. "You intend to drain me of my blood."
 Greg laughed. "My, my, aren’t you a smart cookie," he mused. "Soon, I will hear what Lucien hears, though, the context will be much different, no?"
  I growled, baring my teeth. Some sparks flew from my fingertips, the cuffs melting slightly. Greg's smug grin faltered and confidence spread through me as if a strong fire had been created.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you..." Greg warned. I glared at him, the flicker of my eyes and a hazy, cold feeling spreading through me. 
"Why? Too chicken to fight us?" I taunted. Greg scowled.
"I'm giving you one chance. Agree with my idea, or..." The dagger wavered dangerously close to Cindy's abdomen, but I held my ground.
"I'm not a fool, Gregory...or, what was it? Gavin?" A slow smile spread over my lips, the curves tipped with a haughty grin, and with a howl, the dagger dropped from Greg's hands, plunging into Cindy's body.
It was like the action happened in slow motion. As if the sharp weapon took it's time to fall; it took it's time to capture my reaction, to find pleasure in my suffering. 
 With a scream from Cindy, Greg unhooked the chains and she dropped to the ground, screaming bloody murder again. Tears crashed into my eyes and I yelled. I screamed and thrashed and cried. But the shadows held me. They teased me, playing with my body as if I were a toy. Cindy writhed on the floor and Greg looked up at me, his shirt splattered with blood.
"Do it."
"No!" Cindy gasped. "Don't do it, Raleigh!"
"B-But—!"
"No!" Cindy screamed. "No! Don't risk your life for me!" Greg kicked her on her face as if she were a soccer ball, cueing another round of screams.
"Do it!"
"I-I..."
"Raleigh, no!" A kick to the chest.
"Do it!"
"No!" Jolt of electricity.
"Do it!"
"No!" Whip on the back. 
 Soon, Cindy was lying still on the ground, her chest heaving with labored breaths. She was still alive, miraculously. Blood pooled by her abdomen, and with a cry and thrash, I knew Cindy's baby was gone. The heart no longer thumped; the matching band no longer marched. Greg glared up at me, his face resembling that of a murder. Bloodshot eyes, heartless soul, the smirk of the lips. 
"Do it!" He raised the dagger, the final blow, and I knew I couldn't say it again. I steeled myself, composing my breathing, gathering my strength.
Lune...wherever you are...I'm sorry. Conner, Mom, Alex, Valentin, Avery, Ananya...I'm sorry.
Lucien, I'm sorry.
"Okay!" I shouted, Greg's dagger pausing mid-fall. "Okay! Okay! I'll do it!" I sobbed and Cindy screamed, but the dagger hadn't pierced her. 
 Instead, with the clatter of metal, the dagger flew to the opposing side of the room, close to a large metal door. Greg was smirking murderously, a shiver running up my spine.
What had I done?
"R-Raleigh...why...?" Cindy cried brokenly. I felt my heart snap.
"I'm sorry!" I shouted. "I-I can't watch you get hurt, Cindy! I'm sorry!" 
 Cindy's head dropped on the ground into her pool of blood and Greg walked slowly to me. He cut my chains and with a snap, I dropped to the ground, the impact sending a shattering quake through my back. 
 The tears flowed freely on my eyes now and I didn't hold them back. I felt broken, just when I thought I had been fixed. I looked up from my own sizzling pool of blood, looking deep into the emotionless eyes of Greg.
"Good choice, Luna Queen." He raised his arms, claws rising from his skin. His eyes now became predatory, dangerous, molding with the fur growing on his skin. I closed my eyes, waiting for the impact—
—the impact that never came.
 A growl and a crash caused my eyes to snap open just as a dark black wolf crashed through the metal doors, pouncing immediately onto Greg. 
 Greg, caught off guard, tumbled to the ground, trying to regain his balance, but the wolf was having none of it. He snarled and swiped, drawing blood from Greg's thin skin. Other wolves trickled into what seemed to be a warehouse, either staying on the sidelines or running into the pack to look for alliances. 
 A brown wolf approached Cindy just as I crawled to her, cradling her body in my lap. She was alive, but just barely. The wolf whimpered, something in his eyes vaguely familiar to me.
 Suddenly, strong, pulsing power coursed through me. I felt a chorus of strong chants overtake my mind, my body feeling as if it were floating. Blue light glowed from my skin; my tattoo's alight. Something, or rather, someone, pawed at my mind.
R-Raleigh...?
Lune! Oh, Gods! Lune, I missed you so much! I cried, still cradling Cindy. The brown wolf whimpered again, laying on her bloodied body. At this point, I couldn't tell if the blood was mine, or hers.
Raleigh...do you know who that is? Do you know what's happening? Lune tipped excitedly. 
  I frowned, a sudden wave of dizziness crashing into me. N-No... what? I mumbled, visions swarming in front of my eyes. The chorus in my head grew louder, like a chant of courage pushing me to sleep; to let my eyes close.
 I didn't think he'd come for us, but I knew not to believe that! I knew he'd come to save us! I knew he loved us!
Who, Lune? Who?
Lucien.


Lucien: Chapter 46

 I smelt the stench of blood before I saw it.
 I had been running for two days nonstop, and at this point, I was starting to lose hope. A dark, glittering blanket covered the sky and sent a flurry of shivers up my spine. A fading glow rippled on the puddles around me as if caging me in the canopy. Conner bounded next to me, panting and pawing at his nose. His eyelids were drooping, hanging limply.
 How much farther, Lucien? He linked. 
 I growled. I don't know. I admitted. I bent down, searching for iron and vanilla. I can't smell much anymore.
Neither can I, Valentin said. The scent is fading. 
It is. Either we're lost, or we're getting closer, Alexander rumbled.
Let's hope for closer. I'd rather all this tracking not go in vain. I turned around abruptly. My pack stopped almost immediately, if not for the few that stumbled to a halt. 
 Their furs were matted from sweat and their eyes hung heavy with fatigue. Their limbs trembled and their tails sagged. They were exhausted, everyone was.
I tilted my head up, the beautiful blue light raining in thin droplets on my pitch fur. My chest heaved with my heavy breathing and I felt like snarling at her, like snapping that serene smile off of her perfectly carved head.
Why would you let your own daughter be kidnapped? I thought to myself. I thought you loved her?
Alpha? Alain hesitantly approached me; his head bent. I-uh-I found a scent. The trail leads North. We're heading South, the opposite direction.
Where? I asked. Which way did you scent it, Alain?
 Alain jerked his furry skull, and with a growl, I followed him, paws pounding heavily behind me. 
It was somewhere here, Alpha. He said. He bent his head down, small sniffling sounds coming from his snout. 
 I watched him with careful eyes, gauging his movement. Alain was lean, which made me nervous to bring him with us, as he wasn't very well built for a fight. Not only that, but he's a kid. Teen, technically.
Here! Alain yelped. 
 Quickly, I skidded over to him, bending over a large, sparkling pool. My reflection rippled in the currents, and soon, I no longer saw a furry snout with blood and dirt clinging to my body. Instead, I saw a round-shaped face with pale skin and a serene smile. I saw blue lips and pale eyes that reflected two misshapen crescents. 
Your anger is not misplaced, Alpha King, The Moon Goddess murmured quietly, the water rippling.
  I blinked, snapping my eyes away. My pack looked back at me, a rainbow of colors, peering into my pitch eyes. I shook my neck. They couldn't see it?
 No. This is for your vision only, Alpha King. Not theirs, she said again. I peered closer into the pool, something softly scratching against my leg.
 W-What do you mean? Why haven't you been helping? I cried. Anger boiled inside of me, a fire igniting sharply in my soul. I bared my sharp fangs, swiping at the image, but in vain. The Moon Goddess simply stared at me, her pale orbs sinking into my skin like a hot knife. I yelped.
 I have my reasons, Alpha King. As much as it pains me to see my daughter crying, I have no control over what happens—
But she's your daughter! I snapped, pawing harshly at my eyes as if I were trying to claw the pupils out. Why do you give a damn what the future has decided!
Lucien—!
We are the ones that decide our future! I roared. Nobody decides it for us! We make our choices; we play the game! We're the one who picks the cards, we're the ones who risk our hand! Why...why... 
  Something tickled my neck, but I ignored it.
  The Moon Goddess' lips pressed in a thin line, almost blending into her skin. Her bottom lip quivered, and her eyelids closed briefly, a dark blue light seeping from the cracks of her eyes.
 You are right... She said softly, her lips barely opening. 
 I did a double-take, my heart caught in my throat. I—What? I choked.  
 The Moon Goddess smiled thinly at me. You are right...I know why I made you Alpha King now, she said. I was wrong to believe so, and for your help, I shall give you a hint. She cleared her throat. Follow the path that reaches the end of the earth. There, you will find your Queen.
W-What? What is that supposed to mean—Hey! 
 She didn't reply, only sending me a soft quirk of her lips before the water rippled, the light swaying like broken glass before she was gone, leaving me with a pack who looked as if I had told them I had another mate.
What the fuck happened, dude? Conner interrogated once my eyes had cleared.
  I scowled at him, baring my fangs. Nothing of your concern, I snarled. I apologize for that, but I believe I know which direction we should be headed now.
Where? Alexander piped nervously. 
 The blue light glinted on my eyes, my irises popping vibrantly in the puddles. Alain was right. We were heading in the wrong direction. Instead, we should have been heading North, towards Lupin Lake.
 Lupin Lake? Why? The scent is nowhere near Lupin Lake! Valentin gaped. 
 I smirked. Believe me, we're going that way. I said firmly. 
 While my pack grumbled off to find something to eat or stretch their legs for a while, Conner nipped my arm and led me aside, closer to a thicket of bushes by a sparkling blue puddle.
Okay man, what the hell? How can you just decide to take us somewhere clearly off the map? He snapped. 
 I rolled my irises. I was talking with Raleigh's mother, I whispered.  
 Conner's eyes widened. The Moon Goddess? Why would she want to talk to you? 
She gave me a hint as to where Raleigh is.
Where?
She said to follow the path that reaches the end of the Earth.
What? Conner grit his teeth. What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
I think it means to follow a river since rivers lead to the ocean, which was where people once thought the Earth ended, I suggested.  
 Conner hummed. And you thought of that in, what? 5 seconds? He asked. 
 I shrugged my heavy shoulders. Eh, more or less. Living for as long as I have has given me some sort of filter on riddles.
  Conner's irises did a full circle in his eyes, his dark orbs vibrantly glowing. ...Okay. You're the Alpha King, you make the calls. I trust you, Lucien, but if this goes wrong, I'm blaming you. 
 I wish I were in human form, just so that I could give Conner a playful slap at the time. Seeing as I wasn't, though, I could only drop and raise my wolfish head in agreement, howling to gather my wolves together.
How far is Lupin Lake from here, Alpha? Shawn asked.
Less than a mile, I know. Let's hope it doesn't rain again tonight. Maybe then we won't have to camp again. Save time.
  Howls echoed around the forest, a cry, a call, a promise that we were coming, that we would save them, no matter what.
 Once again, our paws thumped like drumbeats against the aging forest grounds. Squirrels scurried up trees and birds cawed as they flew away. The forest feared us, the night feared us, her dark shadow desperately trying to hide in the faint dripping glow of the spherical ball above us. A smile curved on my lips, a wolfish, sinister smile. My chest heaved, my paws pounding loudly against the forest ground; letting everyone around us know who was in charge.
A-Alpha...why don't you just link the Luna? Won't she be able to tell you where she and the Beta Female are? Alain stammered.
  I paused briefly to ruffle the puff of fur he had growing atop his head. He'd only been in the pack for a month, but already, he was proving to be a very loyal and diligent member, despite the fact that he always stammered around me and bent his head in submission. God, what had Dhoom done to this poor kid?
I've tried. She's not responding. Not only that, but her wolf has gone dormant to preserve her energy. Alain nodded, looking away.
I know how you feel, he linked after a while. His eyes grew darker, his ears flattening on top of his head. 
 I frowned, almost tripping over a bulging root. What do you mean? 
 Alain pawed briefly at his nose. D-Dhoom...he spoke of the wonders we'd do as a pack...all of us...and we believed him. He was so promising with his words, you would have thought he was Hitler's son!
  Alain broke off with a bitter howl, one that made me wince with pity.
What happened...
Dhoom never lived up to his promises. Even now, I doubt he really means to start a war unless Greg fails in his job. As for everyone else, well, we disbanded a long time ago. Only a few stupid ones, like myself, remained because we needed it. We needed the home and the food...and the family.
Alain...
 I had a little sister. She was only five when our pack was killed and we joined Dhoom. When he found out I had joined your pack and betrayed his trust, he…
  Alain's apple bobbed and his eyes darkened more as if they were slowly hardening into stone. 
 A cold, damp feeling settled into me and I breathed harshly. Oh, Alain...I'm so sorry... 
 Alain shrugged. It's okay. There's nothing you can do about it...she's gone now... 
 He pawed at his nose, and I wanted to console him more because now I realized how he understood me, but Conner's paw stopped me. 
 I turned to him with a glare ready, but at the wide grin on his muzzle, I faltered. What? Why do you look so happy? I asked, stepping away from him slightly. 
 Conner grinned roguishly at me.
 Look! A warehouse! He exclaimed, raising his paw in the direction of the grassy field shrouded by darkness across the river. Caspian howled in my head and my heart jumped, warmth pooling in my stomach. With a wide, ear-splitting grin, I turned to my pack, all who were growling and tensing in a fighter's stance. I smirked.
 Men. Here you will put your training as warriors to the test and prove to me that you are worthy of being in the Royal Pack. Can I ensure that everyone comes back safely and that no humans or innocent wolves are harmed? I demanded, shadows of large houses catching the corner of my eye. 
Yes, Alpha! They chorused madly in my head. Their eyes glowed with promise; a promise of success; a promise that Greg was going to get his ass kicked.
Good. 
 With a howl, we bounded across the river, roaring and howling to alert the pack of our arrival. Half of my pack disbanded with a warning-link, galloping into the main square of the Rahway pack as light blinked on in houses, and shadows danced wildly. With what remained of my pack, I led them straight to the isolated warehouse, breaking down the door with little care about the price or the outcome.
 What I saw in front of me made my blood boil and I almost gave Caspian full reign of the situation.
 A pale, unmoving body in what I assumed to be Cindy lay limply on the floor right before me, drenched in a pool of regular blood. Her belly protruded slightly, which made a haunting feeling kiss up my spine. I swallowed the ghostly feeling away, averting my eyes from the body to the scream that had caught my attention.
 Stripped of her clothes and bleeding from head to toe with sparkling blue and red blood, Raleigh was held by her neck with a knife positioned to her navel. Her eyes were nearly lifeless, the color just as pale as Cindy's skin. She hung defeatedly in Greg's grip while blood dripped like a broken tap from her body.
 I didn't give my pack any time at all to react. As soon as a spark of color flashed through her eyes, I pounced, knocking Greg clean off of his feet and causing Raleigh's body to drop with an ear-splitting crack to the ground. I desperately wanted to make sure she was ok, Caspian was clawing at my mind to do so, but I resisted. I clawed mercilessly at Greg's neck, forcing him back and back. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught Raleigh crawling with effort to Cindy, Conner already pawing at her body. 
"Please! Please...Mercy, Alpha King!" Greg cried. 
 At Caspian's roar, I shifted, holding Greg up by his neck. I could feel Caspian's influence spreading through me as if it were warm milk or a gentle river. 
"Mercy?" I repeated. "Give me one good reason why I should give you mercy!" 
 I grit my teeth as I spoke, smashing Greg's head against the wall. I didn't care that I was stark naked right now. All I cared about was ripping Greg's throat out. 
"P-Please...you don't understand..." Greg struggled to make up an excuse, and with a crack, I slammed him against the ground again, sweat rolling in heavy sheets down my body. My heart pounded and my head thrummed with energy, Caspian increasing my strength. He was begging me to let him out, to free him, but I pushed him away. I wanted to have the satisfaction of clawing Greg's throat to shreds.
 I tossed Greg to the ground, and with a snap he skimmed along the ground, laying in a pile by the door I had broken down. I prowled towards him, shifting slowly, limb by limb, muscle by muscle.
"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't rip you apart," I snarled, my voice deeper with Caspian's power. Greg gulped.
"Because—"
"Because he was simply doing a job for his Alpha," a quiet, familiar voice drawled. 
 Someone screamed, and in a hot second, my pack had Dhoom surrounded, Alexander, holding him by the neck. I knew my father could have fought his way out of it, but he didn't. He only hung in Alexander's grip, smirking at me. I growled.
"What do you want, Dhoom?" I snarled, shifting to walk towards him. I could feel Raleigh's eyes on me. I could feel her body giving in to the exhaustion and pain, but I had Dhoom to deal with. Conner would take care of her. 
"Why, I simply wanted to collect my prize. Greg had done so well in taking her for me," Dhoom said. "Don't you have any other place to be, son?" 
 I pushed Alexander aside, slamming Dhoom into the wall. He all but lazily eyed me, which only made my eye tick.
"I am not your son," I snarled. "Do not address me as so." Dhoom rolled his eyes. "That prize you speak of is nobody's prize. She is a person, and she is my mate." 
 Dhoom scoffed, though it took effort with how hard I was squeezing his neck. "She's not even a werewolf. You could have done much better than her, Lucien. In fact, there was this certain nymph—"
"Shut the fuck up!" I roared. "Don't speak unless spoken to or I'll snap your neck right here, right now."
  Dhoom all but laughed at my threat. "Have you forgotten, son? I'm just like you, which means I can only be killed by my wolf, idiot."
  I pressed harder against his bobbing apple. "Say that again," I challenged. 
 Dhoom's smug grin faltered, but he still held his head high, as if he'd figured that I would back down if he disobeyed my order. "I don't take orders from you, Alpha King." He snarled, his eyes glowing a dangerous pink. He struggled against my hold, but even though he was older than I was, I was stronger. "I only came to collect what my wolves before couldn't have done, no matter what I threatened to take from them—"
"You're wrong!" Somehow, even though blood trickled continuously down his head in an open wound, Greg managed to stand, his eyes reflecting the light of the dark moon. "She is neither yours, Alpha King, nor is she yours, Dhoom! She is mine!"
"W-Wha...?" Dhoom's grin slipped slowly off his face as the realization settled in his eyes. "Why you double-crosser!" 
 Greg rolled his eyes. "Double-crosser? Did you seem to forget how you killed my child before she even had a chance to live and sent my wife away? How you separated me from her, the sun to my moon?" Dhoom scoffed. "So? You still had children—"
"But my wife is dead!" Greg rose with a start, and secretly, Conner dragged Raleigh and Cindy out of the warehouse, some of the wolves following him to help.
  It irked me slightly that many of my men were witnessing a site only I was allowed to see, but I let it go...for now… 
 "My wife, my child! They're both dead! And it's all your fault!"
"Yet you kidnapped your own child and beat her," Dhoom muttered.  
  Greg rolled his bloodied sleeves up. "That's it!"
  He pounced, but Alain was faster, being much younger. He shifted with the tear of the fabric, knocking Greg aside and swiping at his nose, creating three-strike marks against the soft pads.
  Greg roared and Dhoom used that distraction to slip away from me, but not without my knowledge. While he crawled along the walls, I jumped on him, tackling him to the ground as we both shifted, swiping and roaring and jumping. It was like a dance that I learned on the go, but knowing my father, I got the sense of where he would strike at certain points.
 Somehow, with very little effort and a completely drenched coat of fur, I managed to pin Dhoom on the ground. He roared and swiped at my arm, a large gash bleeding from my skin almost immediately. I roared and backhanded him so hard he flew into the bloody wall, fell to the ground, and stilled. 
 I panted as I stood, Alexander, immediately running to me. Some of Greg's pack had awakened, and while most accepted defeat, some of them still fought back. A roar echoed from outside, a small fire burning in the middle of the square.
 "H-He's not moving Alpha. Breathing, but not moving..." 
 I nodded, pushing him aside gently to lean over Dhoom. Abruptly, his eyes snapped open and he swiped at my face, narrowly missing my eyes but snagging my chest. 
 I roared again, grabbing him by his neck. He easily slipped away, running towards the other entrance. Alexander, who was already standing there, played freeze tag with him, dodging and swiping. I crept up softly behind Dhoom, having to move around slightly to keep pace with him, but soon enough, with a loud bang, I hit him firmly on the back of his head, his neck vibrating as he plummeted to the ground. Quickly, to avoid another scar on my chest or my eye, I snapped the silver cuffs onto his wrists, sighing with relief when he stilled after a prominent zap.
"Are we taking him with us, Alpha?" Alexander questioned. 
 I nodded, glancing up towards the door. Valentin and Shawn were dragging two bodies inside, both of whom I recognized to be Darius and David. They, too, were bound with silver.
"Yes. They'll stay in a new cell, cell 10. I'll have to try them for their crimes, knowing I can't kill them." I kicked Dhoom's arm, smirking when he didn't grab my ankle. 
 Alain ran up to me, panting.
"Alain? Are you okay? Where is Greg?" I asked, bending down slightly. Alain's chest heaved with the struggle to breathe, and I waited for him to calm down before asking him again.
"I-I am sorry, Alpha. H-He used an illegal tactic, a swipe to the nose! I was confused, I did not see him run into the forest...I am sorry..."
  I put both my hands-on Alain's shoulders, squeezing them. "Don't apologize, Alain. You got your revenge, you did well. I am proud to call you a member of my pack."
  A smile graced Alain's lips suddenly as if I had lifted a boulder from his heart. He nodded once, a thousand times, thanking me. 
"You're good with the younger ones," Alexander commented slowly.  
 I shrugged. "They need some motivation to keep going. And I wasn't lying. That shoulder punch he did on Greg was pretty funny to watch," I said. My eyes kept gravitating towards the door, towards the open brush where Conner had brought my mate to. 
 Alexander watched me carefully, smiling ruefully. "Go on." He said.  
 I blinked. "What?"
"Go see your Luna. I'll clear everything up here and get the pack ready to go home."
"It's okay, Alexander. I can—” Alexander cut me off with a glare.
"Alpha, I've seen how miserable you've been without your mate for almost a month. Go see her, now."
  I grinned at him. "Thank you, Alex." 
 Alexander nodded at me, shooing me towards the door. I didn't need a second invitation. I dashed towards the metal door and into the forest, following the trail of blood Conner had left.
 Soon, I came into a clearing where the moon could smile freely and the trees and flowers could have a party. The tulips glowed and danced in the wind, the grass stalks flowing with them. Conner was on the side with Cindy, rocking her gently and wrapping her wounds. She seemed to be awake now. Sobbing, but awake.
 Conner acknowledged my presence with a nod, jerking his head towards a tree with two letters carved into it with a heart. 
 I looked down, my heart thumping hard in my chest. My palms felt sweaty and Caspian was whimpering with need in my head. Blood rushed through me and I knelt in front of my mate, her body resembling that of a mummy.
  Her crystal brown eyes were hazy, an indication that Lune was probably speaking to her. It was as if a blue spotlight was shining down on her, my superstar mate.
 "Raleigh?" 
  I didn't know if I should touch her or not. I didn't know if I would hurt her, either from Greg's beating or her surgery.  "Raleigh...sweetheart...please talk to me..."
  At the soft tug of my voice, Raleigh's hazy eyes slowly began to regain their focus, as if a sponge collected the specks of blue away. She stared at me in the eye, as if I were a ghost to her.
"L-Lucien...?" She asked, her bottom lip quivering. 
 I swallowed thickly, nodding, and wrapping my arms around her. She trembled in my arms, her wet tears soaking on my skin. I kept my arms firmly around her; a reminder that she was here, that she was alive; that she was in my arms.
"Yes. Yes, love, it's me...God, I've missed you so much...I'm so sorry!" I buried my face into her hair, sobs shaking me. 
 Raleigh swallowed audibly, clutching weakly to my arms. I lifted her body into my lap, brushing my hand along the appendix of her thighs; her arms, and her chest. She relaxed easily against me, crying quietly.
"I-I thought I'd never see you again...I thought I was done for with him..." She cried. "A-And Cindy...is she okay?" 
 I smiled. Even in pain, she was worried about her friend. I could understand, though. She'd already lost Logan.
"Yes, sweetheart. Cindy is fine. She's with Conner," I cradled her gently, rocking her as if I would rock a baby. Her lip trembled, and after the antagonizing month that we were ripped apart from each other, I bent down, placing my lips gently over hers. 
She eagerly responded, both of us relishing the feeling we had been deprived of for so long. Her lips molded gently with mine, while I pushed for dominance. My tongue met gently with hers, my heart pumping and soaring with the small whimpers and quiet moans I brought from her lips.
God, how I had missed this.
Reluctantly, I broke away from my beautiful girl, stroking her gently. I calmed myself steadily, breathing deeply. 
 Raleigh's brown orbs peered up carefully at me. "Lucien...are we going home now?"
  I smiled, kissing her cheek. "Yes. Yes, we are going home."


Raleigh: Chapter 47

 "Ah..." I sighed softly, burying myself deeper into the warmth that enveloped me completely. Dust blew into my nose, but I ignored the twitching, pushing my face deeper into the squishy material beneath my head. Soreness climbed up my body, shivers kissing my spine. I didn't want to move at all, it was as if my joints were locked into place and I'd need oil for them to move again.
 I don't remember exactly what happened after Lucien knocked Greg off his hind legs. The whole experience still felt surreal to me. Literally, just moments ago, I thought I was once again in my chains, the cold cuffs squeezing the life out of my wrists. The next moment, though, warmth spread through my body like warm milk on a chilly night. I didn't want to open my eyes, but Lune was becoming restless. Ever since she'd healed, all she had been doing was creating a ruckus in my head, bringing me in and out of sleep.
Lune, why do you have to be an early bird? I grunted, switching sides in my sleep. 
 Lune pawed at the walls of my mind. Because I'm bored! She whined. 
So? Find a way to entertain yourself, I snapped. 
 I could feel her irises do a full circle. But I don't have anything to do! Your mind is so boring! She complained. 
 I pushed some of my hair out of my face, indifferent as to which side of my hairline they separated into. Then talk to Caspian! I suggested, mildly annoyed. 
He's sleeping!
What about Lucien? Can't you talk to him?
He's on his phone.
Really? I peered up sneakily from underneath the blankets, praying he wouldn't notice me. Luckily, he was too absorbed in whatever was on his phone, swiping and clenching his jaw.
 He doesn't look too busy, I noticed, burrowing under the thick blankets again. My hand brushed my side, and I winced, waiting for the sticky, bloody substance to stick onto my palm. When nothing happened, I looked down, noting that all of my wounds were bandaged with rough bandages.
You were delusional yesterday, Lune murmured. They had to put you on medication to make you sleep.
I wasn't delusional yesterday, I denied, yawning.
  Lune chuckled. Yes, you were. I doubt you even realized when Lucien made it back to you, she said.
  I frowned. I do remember...but what happened? Do you know?
Yeah. Greg escaped, but Dhoom, Darius, and David were captured. They're gonna be tried soon.
Huh. I expected much more of a bigger fight to go down to manage to get Dhoom, I mumbled.
  Lune's thick shoulders rolled in my head, giving me a slight dizzy spell. I thought so, too. But I guess Lucien's just stronger than his dad. Also, there were barely any people backing Dhoom up. Lucien had all of his warriors.
That's true...What about Cindy?
Cindy? 
Yeah, is she okay? A slither of anxiety curled around my stomach, wrapping around my heart and squeezing tightly. Cindy had risked her life for me; I could only hope that she was okay.
Cindy is okay, Raleigh. I breathed a sigh of relief, the blanket rising like a hot air balloon slightly. She's been in the hospital for a while, while you were sedated. Conner is with her now.
That's good. I faltered, juggling whether I should ask Lune or not. Lune...?
Yes?
Um...the baby...is she really...? 
 Lune sighed, a slight dip in her heavy breath. Yes, I'm sorry. She is...gone... 
 I swallowed thickly. Oh...oh...poor Cindy…
  Lune purred gently in my head. Cindy was not ready to take on the responsibility of a child, she consoled. Your mother knew that. And Conner, he would have become just as Dhoom was to Lucien. He would have become a madman, a lunatic, a horrible father. Neither of them was prepared for the burden of a child. 
 I nodded, shaking her voice slightly. I know...but she'll have to tell Conner about the baby, right? She can't hide that forever.
  Lune hummed. That is right. Just as you have to tell Lucien. 
 My eyebrows dipped. What do you mean?
Cindy only ever told you about her pregnancy, and you had no time to tell Lucien because of Greg's scheme, Lune shivered, shaking her fur. You have to tell him.
Yeah...but I don't have to tell Conner, right?
No. That is for Cindy and Cindy alone to say. No matter how much she pleads with you, this is not your issue. This is a family issue between Cindy and Conner. Besides, did you see the way he treated Ananya and Avery?
  I winced. I felt sorry for them, I agreed. But Conner has to learn how to control his temper around pups. It isn't their fault. They're just playful by nature.
Conner has much to learn about growing up, no matter how hard he denies it, Lune said promptly. He believes he knows just as much as Lucien does, but he doesn't. He has much to learn.
Doesn't everyone learn as they grow?
Yes, but Conner believes that since he has stopped growing, he has no need to learn anything anymore. He believes that now that he is immortal, he has nothing to fear, nothing to hide. In reality, he has much to fear, much to hide.
Like losing Cindy? I asked, my voice barely above a whisper. 
 Lune hummed. Yes, like losing Cindy. Conner has pride, which can be a good or a bad thing, depending on how you use it. Everyone has a weakness, Raleigh. You do. Lucien does. Conner does.
Do you have a weakness, Lune? I asked. 
 Lune made a soft, questioning sound at the back of her throat. I—yes, I believe I do. Your mother made me just like any other inner conscious, which means I have a weakness. For example, Caspian's weakness is his inability to stay calm. Lucien's weakness is his fear of losing his mate. Your weakness is your incapability to accept yourself for who you are.
What do you mean? I have accepted myself! I snapped, abruptly cutting her off. 
 Lune smiled eerily. Yes, you have. But somewhere, somewhere deep down inside of you, that resentment about yourself will always be there, and one day, someone will use that against you, no matter how hard you fight back. But why dwell on those negative feelings? We are talking about Conner, not you. 
 I chuckled quietly, the bed shifting under Lucien's weight slightly. Yes, I suppose we are. But what is your weakness? 
 Once again, Lune smiled. My weakness is my heart, she explained. Just as you are giving by nature, so am I. Unfortunately, my giving nature is what conceived you.
What? Really? My heart leaped. Can you tell me? 
 Lune faltered. I am not sure how The Moon Goddess would react-
Please? I pleaded silently.
  Lune stayed quiet for a few moments, but soon, she faltered, sighing. Alright, I'll tell you, she agreed, her voice so soft I almost didn't hear her.
  Lucien switched his feet under the blanket, brushing against my leg.  
 I stiffened, but after a few moments, when I was sure he didn't hear me, I sighed. Okay. What happened?
  Lune took a deep breath, as if she were steering herself for a long conversation. It was around the year 2000, considering how old you are now, Lune began. The Moon Goddess was walking around the cotton fields, you know, supervising some of the workers on that certain plantation.
A cotton plantation? In the 2000s? I interrupted. 
 Lune chuckled. Well—yes. Someone had to pick the cotton, but that is beside the point. She cleared her throat. There was a young man among them, a young worker. He was fairly new and was so terrible his co-workers banished him to a small part of the field where nobody worked. Your mother took pity on him and helped him out with his work; every day...until one day...
What? I nearly popped out from under the covers. What happened?
  Lune audibly swallowed, as if the bulb bobbed in my head. Well, they say to be cautious of things we see from the naked eye. Your father...he was a serial rapist, praying on women who took pity on him. I felt cold suddenly. Your mother was much more powerful than he was, of course, but...
But? But what...?
But when anyone is sleeping, we are in too much of a daze to try and scramble to fight, is it not? Lune spoke from her throat as if her voice box had gotten a scratch. He prayed on a sleeping woman, a goddess no less, and succeeded.
W-What happened to him?
When your mother awoke the next morning, she was livid. I remember how angry—how furious she was. In her fury, he incinerated your father as soon as she saw him.
  I flinched. Ooh. Harsh, but he had it coming. I admitted.
  Lune shook her fur, vibrating in my head. Yes, but by the time she realized she was pregnant with a pup, it was too late. You were forced to grow up without not only a mother but a birth father too. Lune whimpered. That's why she sent me. She sent me to make sure you have someone from your roots.
Wow...so he really was just a regular human? I asked.
Yes, he was a deceitful, incompetent human, but a human nonetheless.
  Lucien shifted under the blankets again and Lune's lips curled.
You might want to start waking up now. You and Cindy have quite a day ahead of you. 
 I sighed. Do I have to? The bed is so warm—
—But being with Lucien is warmer, Lune pointed out. C'mon, Raleigh. You've been separated from him for a month! At least have some sappy morning time together. 
 My lips twitched. You mean you just want an excuse to spend some quality time with Caspian, but don't know how? I asked.
  Lune's breath caught in her throat. I...um...how did you know? She asked.
  I shrugged. It was kind of obvious, but okay. I'll wake up. Grumbling to myself, I poked my mussy head from the heavy blankets, breathing fresh air for the first time in a long time. It had been a while since I actually smelt clean air instead of the stench of rotting flesh that Greg had. 
 Lucien's head turned at the sounds of my movement, and with a smile, he put his phone on the table. "Awake already, sweetheart? You can sleep longer if you'd like."
  I shook my head the best I could, shuffling closer to his sweet scent.  
 Lucien laughed softly. "I see you'd rather wake up then?" His arms slipped around my waist, lifting me carefully into his lap. The feel of warm clothes on my skin immediately made me warm and I snuggled closer to him for more, my lips sealed shut as if I had glued them together.
"How are you feeling? You've been out of it for days." Lucien's hands stroked my hair almost as if he were lulling me to sleep again. I sighed, prying my mouth open with force. Through the glass panes, the sunlight filtered in as if it was rain seeping into the cracks of the windows. I could feel my lips curve.
"I-I'm feeling better...tired...but better, if not slightly sore." As if on cue, something inside of my vibrated, as if I were a guitar and a string had been plucked. I winced, and Lucien rubbed my back gently, even if I couldn't feel anything.
"That's okay. It'll get better over time. You had a lot of silver in you, but luckily, Louis was able to get most of it out. The rest your body will get for you." 
"Is that why I couldn't talk to Lune? Because of the silver?" I asked shyly. 
 Lucien nodded, threading his fingers through my oily locks of hair. I grimaced. How long had it been since I showered?
"I'm so, so sorry, Raleigh. I should have never let you go outside...I promised you that you wouldn't get hurt..."
"Lucien, you had no control over your actions. And even if you didn't let me go out, Greg would have still found a way to kidnap, or possibly, kill me, no? He was just looking for the right opportunity, it wasn't your fault at all." I looked up at him, making sure to capture his eyes. 
 He shuffled uncomfortably on the bed. "I suppose...but he still hurt you..."
"But I'm not dead, am I? I'm alive, I'm fine, I'm back with you. Besides, you got all three D's in one go!" I tried to cheer him up with that absent fact, even if it took some effort to speak. Lucien smiled.
"Yes...it was much easier than I expected. I suppose I figured I'd have to go to war with him to get him, but it doesn't matter." He ran a hand through his hair. "I just wish we had gotten Greg too." 
 I traced his tattoo's gently on his chest, running my limp fingers up and down. "Um...Can you help me take a shower...? I feel so...sticky..."
  Lucien laughed out loud, finding my disgust humorous. Nevertheless, after a couple more jabs to my pride, he threw the covers off of his body and walked over to my side. Lifting me into his arms, he walked slowly into the bathroom and set me on the counter, just as he had when we first met. I was wearing a soft nightgown, one that was quickly ripped from my body.
  Lucien threw the gown on the ground with little care about the hefty cost it probably owed, or how dirty it was getting. His hands trailed down my body tantalizingly, and an old spark that had been dimmed reignited itself with the passion stirring around us. Lucien's eyes became hazy, just as they always became when he saw me naked. His thumbs traced the bumpy scars on my hips.
"Forgive me..." he murmured, his lips at my ear.
  I shivered. "W-What do you mean...?" I gasped.
  He pressed my hips against him, his chest heaving. "Forgive me...for my actions...my love..." 
 My heart leaped. It had been a while since Lucien called me 'my love' but I hardly had any time to party when his lips were on mine, kissing me with so much force I nearly fell backward. It was as if he kissed all my pain away, all my sores, and all my bruises.
  I swallowed thickly, his tongue dominating my mouth. The bulge pressing against my mound grew harder and I pulled desperately at his hair. Lucien growled, lifting me from the counter. I wrapped my legs around his hips as he threw his sweatpants off, sliding the shower door shut with a clang.
I barely registered the hot water tumbling onto our bodies before his mouth found mine again, persisting. He laced our fingers together, pressing my hands by my sides. I smirked. He loved making love like this. He loved being in control, loved being on top.
 With whatever energy I had stored inside of me, I pressed myself against him. A growl rumbled from his throat and he pushed me back, his kisses traveling down my shoulder.
"Try that again and I'll make you beg," he snarled.
  I swallowed. "Y-You wouldn't..." 
 But with the way he was looking at me, I knew he would. And while I would have loved to be in control, I had an ego to uphold. 
 Reluctantly, I let him take the control he craved. He disregarded the shower completely, not that it mattered anymore. We both knew it was just an excuse to make love, to be with each other after a month of separation.
 His thumb brushed across my erect nipple and I gasped, breaking away. Lucien smirked, eyes still hazy and pitch black. A dark, night-black that made me get lost repeatedly in his eyes.
"What have I always told you?" He murmured. He kissed down my chest, nipping the sensitive skin on my breast. I could only gasp again, words melting on my tongue. A pounding sensation thumped inside of me and I squirmed on the wall.
"N-Not to be quiet...?" I asked. Lucien hummed, stroking his fingers over my wet slit. Wet from either the water or my own bodily juices, I had no clue. Carefully, he pushed a finger inside, and almost immediately, I clenched around him, moaning.
"Yes, exactly. Let me hear you, and let me hear your beautiful voice," he sounded animalistic now, excited. He didn't wait to play around with me, not this time. Instead, he thrust inside of me, not giving me a moment to wait before he was pounding inside again, shaking me to my core. He wasn't usually this brash, this rough. I didn't mind it, really. All of my pain had disappeared underneath the soaking water, underneath his rough fingers. I barely recalled when I had come, when I had knocked out, but when I opened my eyes, we were still underneath the hot shower, my body cradled gently in Lucien's large arms.
"Ah..." I looked around blurrily, my body now aching again, but for a different reason. 
 Lucien shushed me gently, cradling the back of my head against his shoulder.
"You did so well, Raleigh...so so well," he murmured.
  Bubbles bubbled inside of me and I blushed, my legs still wrapped around his hips. 
 Lucien traced my scar as he scrubbed me clean. "Do you feel it?"
"Hm? What?"
"The scars. Do you feel them when I touch them?" 
 I looked down. "Uhm...no, not really. Sometimes, if you press hard enough, then yeah, I can feel them. But usually? No. It just feels like my regular skin," I explained. 
 Lucien nodded, soaping my wavy, dangling hair. I bent lower, enjoying the feeling of his fingers rubbing against my scalp.
You also enjoyed the way his fingers rubbed against-
Lune! I interrupted harshly. 
 Lune cackled. I'm sorry! I couldn't help myself! She chortled. 
 I rolled my eyes. If you choke, I'm not helping you, I sniffed. That only made her laugh harder, and with a second roll of my eyes, I tuned her out, closing my lids to Lucien's fingers.
"You love Lune very much, don't you?" Lucien questioned.
  I hummed. "I do. Of course, she does bother me a lot, but she's my best friend." I pecked his cheek. "But I love you much more, don't worry." 
 Lucien smirked. "Oh, I know." He suddenly pressed me up against the wall again, his knee upon my sensitive slit. I gasped. "But if you're up for it, I'm sure I can show you again how much I know..." The seductive purr didn't go past my ears, and with a smirk of my own, I laid my hands on his shoulders, an invitation.
"Are you sure Conner and Cindy won't be waiting for us?” I asked quietly. 
 Lucien kissed the corner of my mouth, nipping my lip. I giggled.
"Oh, I'm sure they can wait one more day."


Lucien: Chapter 48

 One day turned into one week.
Cindy and Raleigh were healing slowly, which was perfectly fine with me. I stayed home more often to be with Raleigh, but that meant that I hardly saw anyone in my pack. Sometimes, Conner visited to bring Cindy, that way the girls wouldn't be so lonely, but apart from that, it was as if my pack had become foreign to me.
 At some point, Conner and I managed to settle a date in which we could discuss openly with the girls what had happened with Greg. Raleigh was easier to get to speak than Cindy. Conner had told me that he was having trouble with her. It was understandable, considering each of the girls had a different torture experience, but I needed to know at some point, otherwise trying the three D's would be useless.
 The Three D's was a nickname Raleigh had made up. She got fed up with saying all of their names that she just called them by one name, which was amusing at first, but even now I found myself using her nickname, something she still mocks me about.
 We decided to wait until after Raleigh's twentieth birthday, when everything would settle down and we wouldn't have anything else to worry about. With the Three D's in the silver cells and the girls back at home, we had little to nothing to fear, except maybe Greg, but even he was lying low. He'd abandoned his pack, leaving me to hand the reins over to Wren. She eagerly accepted, probably to get away from the place her wife had been murdered. 
 The day Conner and Cindy were to visit was an exceptionally nice day. The sun's steaming liquid poured onto the pack, the dew evaporating from the grass. The weather was humid, an indication that fall was slowly yet surely arriving. Raleigh, now able to walk out of bed on her own and pretty much function on her own, was leaning over a boiling pot of soup, licking her lips and her finger, thinking I couldn't see. From my stance by the microwave, I smiled at her.
"You do realize that you can taste that, right? We are going to be eating it later." 
 Raleigh blushed. "Y-Yeah, I know..." She glanced back inside the pot, taking a quick dip. "It tastes heavenly." 
 I laughed. "Glad to know my cooking skills can finally come to some good use," I reached into the blinking microwave, pulling a mug of steaming water from the compartment. I tested the ripples carefully with my tongue.
"Be careful. You could burn yourself," Raleigh warned, glancing at me while pouring the chopped cilantro into the pot. 
 I smirked. "Please, it isn't that bad." 
 She only raised her eyebrow at me, turning away. 
 I took a swig, immediately regretting my choice. I scrambled to the sink, spitting the shower of tongue-burning liquid out of my mouth.  
 Raleigh snorted. "I told you so." She taunted.
  I glared at her, wiping my mouth, but I had nothing to say. She was right, and talking back would only make me look like an even bigger fool.
 I settled for turning away from her smug grin. I placed the mug gently on the kitchen island and peeked into the pot, nearly recoiling from the steam that had wafted into my eyes.
"How long until you think they'll arrive?" I asked, mildly annoyed at my blurred vision. 
 Raleigh shrugged. "I don't know. Cindy was fine last I checked. She was jumping and dancing, acting just like regular Cindy. I'm sure they'll be here soon." She rubbed her hands together. "In the meantime...."
  She stuck her tongue slightly out of her mouth, stabbing the tomato and grinning like a maniac. "I've always wanted to stab a fruit," she cackled.
 I rolled my eyes. "Why didn't you stab the chicken last night when I was marinating it?" I teased.
"Because I am no way in hell getting my hands dirty," Raleigh said firmly. She sliced the tomato into cubes and tossed it into the boiling pot. "Besides, I prefer working with vegetables and fruits, not meat."
"Did you ever cook before?" I asked, stirring the pot. The delicious scent of coriander and meat wafted to my nose and I sighed my stomach growling. 
 Again, Raleigh shrugged. "Sometimes? Whenever Lexi and David would go on dates, I'd stay back and cook for the other younger kids." She paused the knife midway into the stems of cilantro. "Come to think of it, do you think David and Lexi were really mates? Or was he just using her to get closer to me like Greg?"
"I... don’t know if I'm being honest," I admitted. "Mates are sensitive topics, especially for males and/or dominant females. It depends on David's attention to her. How did he act around her or with her?"
"Well...he was very romantic with her, from what Lexi divulged to me whenever he wasn't around. He was a bit...controlling, I'll admit. Always picking her clothes when they went out; always scolding her for taking just one glance at another man, even her friends. It annoyed her, but I think she loved him too much to let him go." 
 I hummed. "Then...I think he was genuine with his feelings for her. I'm not sure, but I believe that they are possibly mates, which will crush her if he hasn't told her, or if the trial doesn't wash into his favor, which I doubt it will." 
 Raleigh shivered. "I know he did a lot of...wrong things in the past, but I feel bad for Lexi now. She was so in love with him—She'll be crushed."
 I shrugged. "The law is the law, darling. I can't do anything about it, even if I am King. David has to pay for the crimes he's committed, just as Darius and David have to." 
 Raleigh swallowed, as if it took an effort to do so. "Yeah...I just feel bad for her. She gave her whole to him, and believe me, out of the string of abusers I've seen her with, David was like a ray of sunshine on a rainy day for her." She licked her lips. "I may not have liked David, nor his company, but he wasn't all that bad of a person. If you think about it, all he was doing was following his master's orders against his will."
"Huh, I almost forgot about the hypnotizing part," I mumbled. "You can hypnotize too, right?" 
 She nodded. "Yeah. I don't like to do it, but if I have to, I will." She shrugged. "I would have used it on Greg, but I didn't have enough energy to. I could barely summon any power to save myself...and um..." she faltered suddenly, blushing.
  I frowned. "What?" I flicked the tap water on, the hot rush flooding the sink. "What is it?" 
  Raleigh leaned over the stove, switching the heat off. She bit her lip, fiddling with her dress hem. That meant that she was either nervous, or she was hiding something. Either or.
"Raleigh? What happened?" 
 Raleigh audibly swallowed. "I'd rather tell you now before Cindy comes and we have a shitshow," she mumbled.
  I blinked, taken aback for a second. I didn't know she could curse, or how hot she sounded when she did curse. My stomach tightened.
"W-What?" I stammered. 
 Raleigh raised her eyebrow, her lip quirking. "You've never heard me curse before?" She asked.
  I opened my mouth, then closed it, much like fish. "I—uhm-well..."  
 Raleigh cut me off with a cackle. "Well, you should have heard me when I was still with Greg! Hell, even I'm embarrassed now for everything I said!" 
 My eye slid over to her trembling frame; to her crooked grin and her mirthful eyes. I snickered. "Well, does it help that hearing you talk dirty gives me a turn on?" I asked bluntly. 
 That only made Raleigh cackle harder, her body shaking with the effort to stay still. "N-No!" She wiped her eyes. "And don't get any ideas! You kept me in bed for the past few days already! You've had your fill!" 
 I smirked. "Yeah, but you're just one treat that I can never get enough of," I countered. 
"Great. I went from being a human to a snack," Raleigh deadpanned. "Then again, you are a wolf...so..." 
 The popping of bubbles caught our attention and Raleigh swiveled on her heel, distracted. 
"But-apart from my minor language slips," I coughed and she stiffened, an indication to me that she was rolling her eyes. "What happened with Greg is pretty serious, and I'm deathly terrified to tell you."
  I sobered suddenly at that, pursing my lips. Raleigh didn't look back at me, and I walked up to her, placing my hands on her hips. She stiffened again, and I rested my chin on her shoulder.
"You know you can tell me anything, right?" I questioned gently, pecking her shoulder. 
 She laughed shakily, softly. "Y-Yeah...I know..." She didn't talk after a while, and I didn't pressure her to. I simply stood behind her, rubbing circles on her hips and placing a kiss on her exposed neck or shoulder every once in a while, while she stirred the soup. 
 Finally, she caved in.
 "It was the day we were kidnapped," she began, her voice raising so that the worms only heard her. "Cindy and I were walking along the pack lines; it had kind of become our tradition when one of us is stressed...and..."
"And what?" I questioned, my voice barely above a whisper. 
 Raleigh shivered. "She-She told me she was...expecting..." 
 My eyebrows dipped in confusion. "Expecting..." 
 Suddenly, it was as if a sizzled lightbulb in my head had managed to grab enough energy to send a spark of electricity to the casing and illuminate my mind. Slowly but surely, as if time was moving in slow motion, I could feel my bottom jaw unhinge from my mouth.  
 Raleigh swallowed again.
 "Expecting...a pup?!" I asked. 
 She shifted slightly but did end up giving me a reluctant nod. "Yes...a pup..." she murmured. 
 I frowned. "But then isn't that a good thing? Why are you so upset...?"
  Raleigh stepped away from me briefly to move the pot from the stove. 
 I leaned against the white kitchen island, mind swarming and eyes alert. She moved around stiffly as if she knew I was watching her. Finally, after pouring the rations out into white and blue bowls, she slipped onto a stool opposite me, releasing a couple of harsh breaths.
 "Greg wanted my blood. The day you came, right when you attacked him, he was going to kill me for my blood. Before that, however, I refused, as any sane person would. To force me to say yes, he beat Cindy repeatedly, so many times that she—" 
 Raleigh broke off when the doorbell rang, a sharp, jaunty tune that echoed throughout the entire palace.
  I glanced down the hallway, then back at my mate's pale face. I cupped her cheek, brushing my thumb against her swollen lip. 
 She smiled, shaking. "I-I'm okay...just still trying to get used to the fact that I watched a murder right before my eyes, and I was powerless against it..." 
 I kissed the corner of her mouth. "You had no choice. It's perfectly fine to be shaken up right now." 
 The doorbell sounded like it was getting spammed by now, and with a shared chuckle, I left Raleigh in the kitchen to get the door, wondering along the way if I should have her and Cindy see a therapist for their trauma.
 "Dude, how long does it take you to open a door?" Was the first thing Conner berated me for when I yanked the golden latch open.  
 Cindy smiled awkwardly at me, apologizing for Conner's behavior through her sparkling, yet dull eyes.
  I smiled. "I was helping Raleigh in the kitchen, dude. Relax," I placated, gesturing them inside. Cindy caught my eye, and it was as if she already knew that I knew about her pup, even if I didn't say anything related to the subject of children. Looking at her now, I did notice a slight bump under her dress, but I presumed that her body was still reacting to the loss of the baby.
"Are you sure you were helping her and not distracting her?" Conner chided.
  I rolled my eyes. "Ha, ha. You know I can help if I want to." 
 Conner scoffed. "Yeah. I'll be sure to take a good look at her neck when I see her," he jabbed playfully. 
 I snickered. "Go ahead. I found a perfect solution to hickey problems," I bantered. 
 Cindy laughed, her voice almost as soft and delicate as Raleigh's. "You guys fight as if you were brothers," she teased. 
 Conner grinned. "Man, Louis is one lucky dude," he said. 
"Exactly! I've been trying to tell him that for years!" I exclaimed.  
 Cindy and Conner both laughed just as we reached the somehow spotless kitchen. Raleigh was still sitting at the table, leaning in the same spot as I left her, but she jumped up when she saw Cindy. The two girls hugged each other tightly, as if they hadn't seen each other in decades.
  Conner and I shared a sly smile. "Girls," we agreed quietly. I led Conner over to the bowls of food, which we both began to heat up as the girls chatted. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught Raleigh's silent stare as Cindy excitedly chattered on about something. 
 Looking at her now, you would never have guessed that she was kidnapped, beaten, and stolen of something she had learned to value most in her life. I felt pity for her, but I decided to keep my lips sealed, for fear I'd ignite Conner's undercurrent of a temper. 
"So, who made the soup?" Conner asked once we'd all taken seats at the table. 
  Raleigh grinned at me. "Lucien did."
"You did too," I said, pointing at her with my spoon. 
 Raleigh blushed. "Yeah...but I only helped. I didn't do anything too big." She scooped some of the soup onto her spoon and into her mouth, devouring the bite whole. She eagerly finished her bowl, something that pleased me, considering how low her weight was and how many heart attacks I had about her survival.
"So... are you ladies okay with telling us what transpired with Greg?" Conner asked once bowls were in the sink, and bellies were full. He rubbed his hands and Raleigh and Cindy exchanged glances. Cindy nudged Raleigh with her elbow, and Raleigh scowled. 
"Well, as I told Lucien earlier, Cindy and I were walking along pack lines when Greg came from behind us. How he managed to kidnap both of us at once, I have no idea..."
"Probably some type of spell manipulation. Greg's pack was close to a clan of witches, anyway," I murmured, tapping my chin. I glanced up, catching Raleigh's wide eyes. "What?"
"W-Witches exist?" She sputtered. 
 My lips quirked slightly. "Yes. So do vampires, ghosts, wizards; need I continue?"
  Raleigh gaped at me and Cindy giggled, pressing two of her fingers under Raleigh's chin, pushing her jaw up. 
 She scowled. "Damn. Why didn't anyone tell me?"
  I shrugged. "You never asked." 
Conner coughed. "Right. So, after...?"
"After he kidnapped us, he revealed his identity to be Greg. He was chained against the walls, last I remember. Were you right next to me?" Raleigh looked at Cindy, who looked up while speaking.
"Yes. We were right next to each other, but we could barely see each other. The room was pitch black, apart from Raleigh's occasional magical outburst or when I was able to bring my wolf into power," she explained, referencing to her wolf. 
"Greg beat us daily. He never explained why. He only did his 'job', alternating between Cindy and me. It wasn't until you guys came, the literal day that you came, that he revealed why he was beating us."  
 Conner leaned over the table as if he were engaged in an addictive horror movie. "What happened? What did he want?"
  Raleigh and Cindy looked at each other again, biting their lips in reluctance.
"He knew about Lucinda's hanging. Apparently, he was Dhoom's last resort in kidnapping me. When he failed, his real mate, Lucinda, was sent to your pack, Lucien, to spy on you. Somehow, their pup was killed, and Greg's been seething for revenge ever since; not only on you but also on Dhoom for the death of his...pup..." Cindy slumped, but Conner didn't seem to notice. If he did, he didn't acknowledge it. "My blood, he said, was able to bring the dead back to the living, and he intended to kill me for it."
"So, what did Cindy have to do with everything?" Conner asked, his voice rising an octave higher. His fists were clenched underneath the table, his irises rivaling the sun's glow itself. 
 I gulped, knowing now that this wouldn't end well.
 "I don't know. He didn't specify really. Just said that she was a girl and that he didn't want a girl as a firstborn," Raleigh explained. 
 I scoffed. "I still don't understand what's so wrong about that? Why I'd be thrilled if my firstborn was a daughter." Raleigh smiled at my comment, but Cindy shifted uncomfortably. Conner glared at an invisible speck of dust on the table.
Did I say something wrong? I asked Raleigh.
  She brushed her foot against mine, comforting. No, you didn't know...
Know what?
Cindy's firstborn...it was a girl... 
 Raleigh and I both winced simultaneously.
Should we give them a push? 
 Raleigh glanced at Cindy, who seemed to be shying away from Conner's eyes. 
 She sighed. Yeah, yeah, we should. She cleared her throat, gathering the attention of the couple sitting next to us.
"So... Cindy...anything else you'd like to add for us?" She asked.   
 Cindy nibbled on her lip, peeling the skin slightly. Her soft eyes seemed to melt as if they were trying to shy away from this conversation.
"What else is there to say?" Cindy squeaked. Conner raised his eyebrow and I looked away. 
 Raleigh sighed again. "Cindy, we've talked about this..." she sounded like a tired mother, and Cindy threw her hands up in irritation.
"B-But he's right there! I can't do it, Raleigh! I'll be—!" Raleigh glared at her, eyes hard and sparkling blue. Cindy whimpered, settling down.
"Cindy, I know it's hard, but you can't deprive Conner of knowing this," she consoled. "Please, Cindy...I know it's difficult, but you have to..." Cindy's lip trembled, her eyes shining.
  Conner placed his hand over Cindy's shaking one, and under the table, I could see Cindy squeezing the life out of Raleigh's hand.
"Babe, what is it? What's wrong?" Conner soothed. "You know you can tell me anything, right...?" 
 Cindy choked on her swallow, nodding. "Y-Yes...but you'll hate me!" She bawled. Raleigh rubbed her back and Conner stroked her hand.
"Babe, I would never hate you. What happened? Did Greg try anything?" 
 Cindy rapidly shook her head. "N-No! N-No that..." she shook. "R-Remember how sick I was before...?" 
 Conner nodded. "Yeah, I remember."
  Cindy choked back another sob. "W-Well...it wasn't food poisoning..." she didn't speak after that, silently crying into Raleigh's shoulder. I could see the water creeping onto my mate's shoulder, as well as the gears beginning to roll in Conner's head. 
 When he jolted, I winced, ready to step in if he lost control.
"Y-You mean..." he glanced from Cindy's belly to her eyes. "Y-You're pregnant?!" 
 Cindy shook her head, her eyes puffy like balloons and cheeks sticky. "No... was..." 
 Conner's eyes dimmed, and I knew he'd realized what Greg had done when he stiffened. His fists clenched together harder and I grimaced, bracing myself.
"So, you mean to tell me that that...bastard took the life of my child!" He stood with a start, the stool toppling with a snap behind him. Conner's body shook, his eyes flickering to a nightly shade. I stood quickly, ready to hold him back if necessary. 
 Cindy bawled harder and Conner's stone eyes landed on her.
"A-And you...you didn't tell me? After everything we've been through together...after all the promises we made to each other...you kept the secret of my child from me?!" Conner stepped forward roughly and I took action, grabbing him and pulling him back. 
 Cindy crawled closer to Raleigh, sniffling and hiccupping.
"Dude, relax! You're scaring her!" I shouted.
  Conner brushed me off roughly, breathing heavily. "You don't understand, Lucien! She kept my baby a secret from me! How would you feel if Raleigh did the same?!"
"Well, how would you feel if you were repeatedly told that you didn't want children and found yourself pregnant, huh?" Raleigh snarled. Her irises enlarged, a blue hue enveloping the brown orbs. The glow could have rivaled the Moon Goddess' aura herself, had she been present.
"Well, I—!"
"Well, nothing!" Raleigh's voice had taken on a brash, furious edge. "You kept putting Cindy down on children! No wonder she didn't tell you! I wouldn't have either!" 
 By the way Conner had stiffened, I thought he was going to chew out both Cindy and Raleigh then and there, what with his notoriously ferocious wolf and all.
Instead, with a nod in my direction and barely a glance at his wife, Conner stomped to the threshold of the palace, yanking the doors open—
—and slamming them shut behind him.


Raleigh: Chapter 49

 "Can I go outside?"
"Why?"
"I'm bored."
"With Cindy?"
"...Sure." 
"Okay. I have to talk with Conner, anyway."
  I rose from the seat, leaning backward to stretch my aching limbs. Lucien looked up briefly.
"He's still upset at her?" I asked. 
 Lucien nodded. "Yes, unfortunately. I've tried talking to him, but whenever we breach that topic, he just shuts me down fast," Lucien rolled his shoulders. "I don't know how to talk any more sense into him."
"Maybe let him realize it on his own. This is a family matter for them, after all," I suggested. 
 Lucien tossed a crumpled ball into the trash can behind me. "I suppose so. I'm getting tired of repeatedly telling Conner that, as if I were his father." With a groan, Lucien stood from the chair, stretching just as I had.
"In a way, both of them are in the wrong," I said. 
 Lucien's dark eyebrow rose curiously. "What do you mean."
"Think about it. Cindy was wrong for hiding the baby from Conner. Technically, he was right when he said he had a right to know. Conner was wrong in making Cindy feel guilty, however."
  I reached for the cup on the table, sipping the liquid slowly. My chapped lips immediately softened, but the sour taste in the back of my tongue still remained and had been irking me for the past few days.
"He was a bit harsh with her..." Lucien mused. He plopped back down onto the chair, the wheels squeaking slightly. 
 I sighed, bringing my lips back to the ledge of the cup. "Do you think he'll ever forgive her?"
  Lucien, who was scanning a paper, faltered, pausing for a moment. Then, he pushed the button on the copy machine, licking his lips. "I don't know if I'm being honest. Conner has always been known to have a harsh temper and a long temper. I remember once when we were kids; Drew and I played a practical joke on him and he refused to speak to us for an entire month!" Lucien chuckled to himself, and I giggled. "He almost had us begging on our knees for his forgiveness. That's how harsh his anger is. Cindy is a different case, however, since she's his mate. I've...never seen Conner yell at her, before, so I can't really say how long he'll give her the silent treatment." 
 I rolled my eyes. "At this point, it's kind of becoming irritating. Cindy already apologized. What more does she have to do?" 
"Well, like I said; Conner almost made Drew and I beg. I don't know what she'll have to do." He pulled his copies from the machine, narrowing his eyes as the orbs ran back and forth over the text. "Could be a month. It could be a year. Who knows?"
 "Oh..." I took one of the papers from the stack, my stomach dropping.
  It had been a few months since Conner had stomped out of our house in his rage. Cindy stayed with us sometimes; it mostly depended on how mild Conner's mood was.
"What about Greg...or...uh...Gavin?"
"Hm? What about him?"
"Anything on him? He's been pretty quiet these past few days."
"You're telling me. It's almost scary." I laughed, placing the paper on the desk. 
 Lucien picked it up almost immediately, the sweat from his thumbs pooling on the old parchment. "Huh. This was Greg and Darius' trade paper. I almost forgot about it," Lucien mumbled. 
 My mind froze. "What? What trade paper?" 
 Lucien pointed to two scribbly signatures on the document. One of them I could easily read as Greg, but the other looked more like the penmanship of Alexander Hamilton. It was so loopy and resembled chicken-scratch more than it did handwriting.
"That's Greg’s, the obviously legible one." Lucien rolled his eyes. "And that's Darius. The only reason it's unreadable is that we had to force him to sign it."
"Why—Oh! Because he didn't want to give up his status as Alpha?" 
 Lucien nodded, lips curving into a slight smile. "Yes. He thought he could get away with sexually abusing women." He scoffed. "He wishes!" 
 I giggled, covering my mouth. Lucien handed me the paper again and I grasped it, my thumbs fitting perfectly on top of his thumbprint. "Was it hard to force him?"
"No, not really. Considering Daryl managed to make him drunk before." Lucien snickered when I glared at him. 
 Lune's echoing laughter vibrated in my head and I wished I could glare at her too.
Don't encourage him, I grumbled.
  Lune responded with a cackle, one that only irked me further.
"I kind of expected him to go to Dhoom, back when I didn't know his identity. Almost all the rogues went to him. Only a couple, ones who were born rogues, didn't."
"What did they do?"
"They either affiliated with humans or tried to join another pack that wasn't allied with their parent's original pack." Lucien crammed a couple of papers into a manila folder, ringing the latch shut. He stuffed the folder into his desk drawer, sighing.
"It must be hard to be King, huh?" I asked, leaning by the door.  
 Lucien smiled at me. "It is. But there are always little things that make the day go by wonderfully." He winked at me and I chuckled.
"Always one to find a way to flirt, huh?" I teased.
"Of course." Lucien took a long swig of his water. "Have to make sure my Luna knows she's loved."
  I shook my head, fondness creeping over me. "I do know," I said. My pocket vibrated, and with a confused hum, I pulled the device out of my pocket, growling.
"Who is it?"
"It's Jasmine. She's asking me where I am," I grumbled.
 Lucien huffed a laugh. "She's always been impatient," he explained. 
 I tapped out a reply, saying I'd be there in a few moments. "It's still kind of weird calling her Jasmine. I was so used to calling her Mrs. Cortes for so long that it's still hard to transition." A lightbulb went off in my head. "Speaking of Cortes...how are Wren, Tania, and Benedict? Are they still in the hospital?"
"They are, but they aren't in urgent care anymore," Lucien rounded his desk, bending down to press his lips against my forehead. I smiled. "You can go to visit them if you'd like. I'm sure Cindy and Jazz won't mind."
"I'll ask, though I think Jasmine wanted to brood by the flower fields again." 
 Lucien laughed out loud and with a parting kiss, I opened the door to his office and walked as fast as I could downstairs, eager to cheer Cindy up and meet Jasmine after so long.
Somehow, despite it only being months since Greg had beaten me like an animal, pain no longer flooded my body. My bones no longer popped. My head no longer spun with dizzy spells. I felt normal, or at least, I felt like I was the person I was before Greg took me. Like I was the regular girl who just so happened to have a king as her mate.
 The grass was dripping with dew again, as if it was crying. The sun hid childishly behind the deathly dark clouds, the sky rumbling in a warning, another downpour was due. The mud was sticky, latching onto the soles of my shoes and seeping into my socks. I felt my toes slip against each other, but I shrugged it off. It was too late to change sneakers anyway.
 The pack was somewhat quiet today. The bazaar held barely any shoppers and many houses were bolted shut. The sounds of pups screaming no longer ran in my ears; the yells of their mother's no longer irked my soul. The whole place was empty.
 I felt empty.
 I tried to shake the feeling away. Nothing was wrong, I consoled myself. Despite Lune's sudden alertness and the anxiety gnawing a large void in my stomach, I continued on my walk. Avery and Ananya hadn't been outside, not ever since Conner had his temper tantrum. I couldn't really blame him. Even I had been skeptical when Cindy chose to reveal her pregnancy to me first instead of him. Then again, she was terrified. 
 "Luna! A pleasure to see you around again!"
  I smiled at the lively, chirping voice from behind me. Josephine approached me, grinning. Kiara eagerly ran off to play on the playground, and Ryder squirmed in Josephine's arms, trying to chase after his sister.
"Nice to see you too, Josephine. Where's Alexander? He's not with you?" I asked. 
 Josephine shook her head. "No. He had an early patrol today and wanted to rest," she explained. Ryder cooed, reaching for me. I smiled, giving him my finger. He squealed, wrapping his chubby hands around my pointer.
"If you'd like, I can ask Lucien to give him another time? That way he could stay home with you?" 
 Ryder bent my finger gently, giggling when he heard a small snap. 
 Josephine laughed gently. "It's fine, Luna. Alexander is proud of his job. Who would I be to deprive him of that—Ryder! Don't hurt the Luna, sweetie!"
  I guess Ryder liked the sound of my bone popping. He bent my finger harder, as if to try and hear the sound again.
 Josephine pried Ryder's fingers from my pointer, earning a whimper from him. She didn't bat an eye, simply handing him a teether which he gladly chewed on, almost immediately forgetting about my finger.
"He's a strong baby," I commented. 
 Josephine smiled proudly. "He is. Alexander likes to boast that he gets it from himself, but honestly Luna, Ryder gets that strength for me. Did I tell you, when giving birth to Kiara, that Alexander almost fainted?"
"What—" I blurted, laughter following shortly after. "He almost...fainted?!" 
 Josephine daintily covered her lips, although I could tell she was trying not to laugh out loud too. "Yes. He wasn't with me when I gave birth to Kiara, but when he saw her, he immediately began to cry."
"Well...becoming parents for the first time must be a magical experience," I murmured, guilt clawing at my heart. I thought of Cindy while saying that—while lying straight to Josephine's face. It was wrong of me, I felt that. I should have stayed quiet, or maybe just laughed. But I didn't. I became the hypocrite that everyone hates; that everyone shuns.
Josephine must have noticed my sudden change in facial features. She called Kiara over and sent her to play with Ryder, which didn't seem to bother either pup. 
 Kiara somehow managed to carry Ryder over to the slides, helping him sit and slide down. Josephine led me to a bench, and I blindly followed her. I sat down almost robotically.
"Is everything okay? Did I misspeak?" 
"No…No, Josephine. You did nothing wrong...I just lost my train of thought for a moment."
  It was one thing to lie into another innocent person's face, but to feel no guilt after? That made me irritated. Then, it made me angry that I felt no shame about lying.
 I think Josephine could sense that I was lying to her, but apart from the narrow of her eyes and the decrease in speed of her thumping heart, she said nothing to me, which was a relief. 
  I carefully stood from the bench; my legs wobbly. "W-Well, I have to go now...Jasmine and Cindy are waiting for me." 
  Josephine nodded, understanding. She craned her neck to look past me. Kiara and Ryder were playing amicably, reminding me of Avery and Ananya, which made my heart clench. What were they doing right now? Was Conner with them? Or Cindy?
 Cindy nor Jasmine was by the bench when I arrived, so I just figured they were late. Nothing new to me. They had their own personal lives to attend to. I didn't want to sit idly there and act like a statue, so I walked along the border of the pack. Risky, I know, but I was bored beyond the known planets and had nothing better to do.
  I stood on the chalky soccer lines that separated the pack from the human world, gazing at the beautiful, miniature village that Lucien had created. The hairs on my neck rose slowly...
"Beautiful, isn't it?"
  I spun around, spooked. Greg's irises popped from the impending darkness, prowling around me like a tiger stalks its prey. I calmed the irrational thrashing of my heart desperately, hoping he couldn't see the pumping of my shirt.
"Finally decide to show your face, huh, you coward?" I snarled. Lune pushed for influence, and I gladly accepted. I felt her conscious blend with mine, her soul connects with my heart. My hands warmed; my toes curled. 
"Coward? That's a bit harsh, don't you think?" Greg growled.  
 Through the shadows, I couldn't see his entire body. I could only see his sharp, golden irises that forced their way into my soul, trying to tear me apart shred by shred.
"It's not if it's true," I growled back, determined not to let him feel my fear. I knew I was trembling; I knew my heart was pounding; I knew my knees were wobbly. Yet I still stood tall. I wasn't ready to let him own me.
Lucien! Lucien! I cried internally, hoping he didn't have his walls up. I don't think Greg could tell I was linking. I couldn't see anything due to my hazy eyes. Lune was in control, moving my body for me.
Raleigh? What is it? What's wrong? Lucien reacted immediately, worry seeping into his voice. 
I-It's Greg! H-He—! I wasn't able to finish, though. The mind-link cut suddenly, and with a yelp, I found myself on the ground, Greg's large, slobbering wolf covering me, a paw digging into my cheek. The air knocked out of my lungs and I began to cough, trying to grasp the breath that had gotten away.
 "Don't even try linking your precious Alpha," Greg growled, his meaty breath fanning my nose. Out of the corner of my eye, lights had begun to ferociously illuminate, growls growing louder around the pack. If Greg noticed them, he made no move to address it.
 "Do you know why I am here, Luna Queen?" He snarled, digging his claws into my cheek. His body over mine was not warm, not like Lucien. No. His was rigid and cold with anger, with hurt, with pain. 
"I don't give a damn," Lune growled through me, speaking as easily as she breathed. My heart leaped, and with the sudden burst of power, I knocked Greg off of my body. He clearly wasn't expecting that. He tumbled to the side, barely regaining his footing. 
With Lune now in control, she threw me against the tree just as Greg pounced. With a whimper, he slammed his snout into the tree with a satisfying crunch.
  I winced. Oof. That must have hurt, I linked to Lune. 
 She snarled. Get ready. I'm giving you full reign.
 Wha—?
  I didn't have time to question her, though. Greg pounced again, his nose hanging limply on his snout. It was as if someone had pushed me from underneath my body, and with a whoosh of air, I flew against the opposite tree, Greg slamming into the bard again. He whimpered.
 "What...?" I looked at my hands. A blue, powerful aura surrounded me. Through the dew drops on the grass, I caught the reflective, dangerous ripples of my blue eyes. Something poked my lips, and when I opened my jaw, two pearly, sharp incisors dropped from my teeth. Howls arose from the pack as Greg stumbled to a stance. He glared at me; his wolfish jaw clenched in a thin line.
"You fucking bitch..." He snarled, pouncing. 
 I dodged with frightening ease, slamming him aside. The howls were nearing, the shadows of the pack wolves growing closer. This time, Greg noticed.
"I warned you, but you never listen, you cripple." 
 I froze midway from raising my hand. "What did you say?" I snarled. 
"What? Can't accept who you are?" Greg taunted. He stood shakily, his knees trembling. His snout was bleeding profusely. He swiped blindly at me, cutting my cheek. 
 I roared, slapping him so hard I saw blood fly out of his mouth. He stumbled back, and I stumbled away. I didn't expect the slap to be so forceful or so hard.
"I am not a cripple!" I roared. "I am a person! I am a woman! I am your Queen! You will never, ever, call me that again!" 
 Greg, somehow, rose to his paws, snarling. He gave me a challenging smirk. "I have every right to call you what I—!" 
 I didn't wait for him, not this time. My clothes were in shreds, I had blood trickling down my cheek and across my stomach. I was completely done with Greg and his bullshit.
"I am only going to repeat myself once, so listen carefully," I wrapped my fingers around Greg's thick throat, squeezing. Greg glared, coughing. He clawed at my face, managing a scratch to my eye before I slammed him against the tree so hard the leaves fluttered down from the tree.
"W-What...?"
"I am by no means a cripple," I growled, chest heaving with labored breaths. "I am a normal person, let me make that clear. I am perfect just the way I am, I am happy just the way I am. You will never, ever, label me as a cripple again, you hear me?" I squeezed his throat tighter, so tight that the vein bulged. "I love myself for who I am, and you have no right to change that. Try as hard as you might, but my view on myself won't change." 
 Blood was trickling down my closed eye and my lip, but I continued to press, tighter and tighter. 
 Greg's face reddened, his eyes bulging from his face. He opened his mouth just as a roar sounded through the forest—
"You will always be a mistake."
 I snapped.
 I didn't even hear Lucien approach, or any of the pack for the matter. With an ear-shattering roar, I flung Greg across the forest platform, smashing him against the trunk. I roared again, louder and much more powerful than ever. Lune's influence spread like butter through me, but something else was influencing me too. It didn't just feel like when   
I was angry.
 I glanced at my reflection quickly in the river, nearly jumping out of my own skin...or...fur? Snow white fur replaced the brown skin I once had. My eyes rippled in the water like the blue moon, always changing, always unpredictable. Blue flames flickered in them, igniting my irises. Scraps of cloth-covered my breasts and my crotch, but apart from that, I was no longer human.
No.
 I was a wolf.
 A tall, impressive white wolf with a jaw full of sharp fangs; with eyes that could rival the moon's glow; with a body structure that could send boxers running straight for their mama.
 You did it... Lune spoke softly in my head, almost as if she couldn't believe what she saw.
  I frowned, titling my furry snout. I did what? I asked, dropping onto all fours. My new hind legs trembled, and a warning whimper from Greg notified me that he was rising.
You transformed! Fully! All the silver is gone from your body! Lune howled. You're a werewolf, Raleigh! You were always one! 
 My heart thrashed in my chest, adrenaline coursing through me. A-A werewolf? I stammered.
  Greg lunged for me, but I swiped at his eye, successfully clawing at his golden orb. He howled, and the wolves of my pack roared for me; cheered for me. 
 I caught Lucien's black orbs from the crowd, and he was looking at me as if the Moon Goddess had appeared in front of him again.
 Yes. Raleigh, your mother is The Moon Goddess. Of course, you're a wolf! I guess you just had to pass the test of your insecurities to unlock the key to your full transformation, Lune suggested. 
 A wolfish grin curled on my lip and I howled.
  Greg snarled. "No... No..." He backed against a tree, looking wildly for a way to escape.
  I wouldn’t let him, though. I pounced, pinning him on his back just as he shifted back into his bleeding, naked, human form. I brushed against something pointy, the prick sending shivers up my spine, but I ignored it. I placed both of my paws at his neck, ready to snap his limbs.
"I'm sorry, Greg, but I can't have you hurting the ones I love." I closed my eyes, a strong, bitter emotion sweeping through me as I heard the stomach-clenching crunch.
Lucien's howls, the pack's cries, and the stinging, burning feeling at my heart was the last thing I felt before I closed my eyes.
~*~
A cool wind swept by my arm and I shivered, instinctively reaching for the blanket Lucien had no doubt wrapped around himself like a burrito. Sleepily, I reached beside me, searching for the ledge of the cover that never came. Frowning, I cracked my eye open, nearly screaming.
 Around me, clouds and castles surrounded the landscape. Large estates; gardens, houses, and waterfalls were spread out around the sky, the clouds their foundation.
Wait...cloud? 
I leaped to my feet. I didn't acknowledge the fact that I actually got up on my own before I began to panic. Where was I? Where was Lucien? And Greg? D-Did I really kill him? I looked down, a soft, white nightgown covering my body. I pulled the silk sleeves up, searching for the scars that I had.
"Where am I?" I cried, my voice a shattering echo in the realm. Behind me, something soft thumped and I turned with a start, ready to attack despite the eerie emptiness in my head; in my soul. 
 "Rest easy, child." My mother floated to me; her face pulled into a sad smile. Behind her, Logan and Drew trailed slowly. They didn't look at me, which only made me even more terrified.
 "M-Mom...? Where am I? What am I doing here?" 
 My mother raised her hands, a silent gesture for me to calm myself. I complied, taking a few deep breaths while searching for Lune inside my head.
"Raleigh...you did it..." Logan murmured. 
 My eyebrows pinched together; my lip drawn in between my teeth. "Did what?"
"You killed Greg." Drew filled. "Snapped his neck clean off, which was pretty impressive." 
 Logan glared at him and Drew faltered, looking away sheepishly. 
 I rolled my eyes, turning to my mother. She was floating by a cloud, her gossamer robes flowing behind her. Her beautiful eyes, however, were dim and tired, as if she didn't sleep for a long time.
  Cautiously, I tugged her sleeve. "M-Mama...? What's wrong...?"  
 She took a deep breath as if steeling herself. Behind me, Drew choked and Logan sniffled.
"I... Just look, sweetheart..." She waved her hand over a cloud, and as the foggy image cleared, my heart nearly stopped.
 It was Lucien, only, it wasn't. He was just like Greg, half-man, and half-wolf. He was bending over a bleeding, lifeless body, his body trembling. Reflecting on the dew drops were not the eyes of the man I knew. They weren't the same eyes that looked at me with love, with reverence, and with lust. No, they were empty, lifeless eyes. Eyes that held no emotion; no fury, no pain, no remorse. 
 Behind Lucien, the wolves had begun to take steps back, as if wary of his next move. Right beside the body he cradled tightly, Greg lay, his chest still and his neck dangling at a funny angle.
My heart, that had just been pounding, dropped. I licked my lips, disbelieving. No... this wasn't real...I wasn't...I didn't...He couldn't...
"Mom...?" I shook her arm and the vision disappeared. "Mom! Please! Please tell me it's not true! Please! Please!" I begged, sobbing. All my anger, all my pain, all my pent-up energy needed to escape, and a flood of tears was their escape. 
 I collapsed to my knees, Drew and Logan beside me in a flash. My mother only looked down at me, her eyes overflowing with grief.
"I'm so, so sorry, Raleigh...but you're dead."


Lucien: Chapter 50

 I never should have let Raleigh leave.
 I was so stupid! I was an idiot! Why did I let her go? Don't I ever learn from my mistakes? Don't I ever take any precautions to make sure she's safe? What kind of mate am I?
 From the sidelines of the platform, I watched Raleigh and Greg scratch and roar at each other. My tail wagged rapidly behind me, anticipation curling in my stomach with each swipe Greg landed on my beautiful mate.
 Even as a human, Raleigh was still pretty intimidating, and pretty powerful. Lune's influence was controlling her as if she were a robot. Blue wisps of steam hissed from her fingers, the aura in her eyes stronger than the sun's blinding rays themselves.
 Greg pounced again, and with a force I never knew Raleigh could exhibit, she backhanded him into a tree, a loud crunch shattering through the forest. Greg howled and behind me, my pack cheered. Conner and Cindy galloped up to me, both of them looking smug.
 So, Alpha. When do we step in? Conner grinned. 
 A wolfish smile curled on my snout. Let's wait and see. Perhaps she only wanted an audience to witness her beat Greg's ass. 
 Cindy snorted. I actually think she might kill him, she murmured. It makes sense, anyway, and I won't hold anything against my girl if she sends him to an early death.
Agreed. 
 My pack howled again. Raleigh had nailed Greg in the eye, forcing him back. He stumbled back, blinded temporarily. Raleigh scrambled back slightly, whimpering as if she was in pain. It would make sense. All her wounds were open, her eyes slitted, her lip cracked. Blood was dripping from so many places that neither Caspian nor myself could tell where the big wound was coming from.
Alpha! Look! Alexander howled in my mind, and a spike of anxiety shocked through me. 
 I snapped my neck up, worried something had happened to Raleigh. 
Something was happening to Raleigh.
She stumbled back, falling on her bottom. Greg was still thrashing blindly, a few good feet away from her. 
 In front of my very eyes, the soft, bumpy skin that Raleigh once had melted, snow-white fur replacing it. Her eyes, her once soft, gentle eyes that made my stomach warm, were now large and animalistic. Wolfish. Her strong snout curled into a ferocious, furious smile, one that made my pack take a few steps behind me. 
 She towered over Greg on her hind legs, blue glowing wisps snaking from her flexing claws and her shimmering blue eyes. She may not have completely reached my wolf height, but she was intimidatingly tall, even to me.
 She made a confused whimper in the back of her throat, glancing at the stream by her side. Her furry head tilted, snout twitching. 
Greg, who had been clawing at his snout, took her distraction at her new form as an opportunity and slammed into her, knocking her on the ground. 
 His claws ripped at her fur ferociously, but Raleigh was much bigger than he was, thus much stronger. Her eyes were hazy, which meant that Lune was yipping at her again, but I was too in a daze to realize that the fight was continuing.
C-Caspian...Did that really just happen...? I stammered. 
 Caspian didn't reply for a moment, but I heard him audibly swallow. Y-Yeah...He whooped in my head. Do you know what this means, Lucien?
W-What...?
Our mate's a werewolf! She's a werewolf! Caspian howled, and my pack began to howl too. 
 Raleigh didn't spare us a glance during her fight, but I could tell that we were boosting her ego. Her pride crashed and swished around her in waves, her walls dropped completely.
 My anxiety hadn't dropped an inch since the fight began, and as the climax fell, it only thrashed harder in my chest. It was obvious that Greg was losing. His eye was bleeding, his snout was dangling at a funny angle. His teeth were broken, his paws were bleeding. Sure, Raleigh looked pretty beaten up as well, but Greg just looked like a mess. A huge, splattered mess that couldn't be fixed even if we wanted to. Cindy was right. Raleigh was going to kill him.
 I want to fight, Lucien! Let me out! Let me out! Caspian begged.
  I shushed him, growling. No! This is Raleigh's fight. She fights. I snapped. 
 Caspian pouted, and I was going to scold him further, but a piercing cry brought my attention back up to the fight. Adrenaline pumped harder through me and I swallowed, hoping nothing bad had happened to my mate.
 Raleigh tumbled back, a paw holding her eye. Greg was grinning, despite the excessive bleeding coming from his nose. He had managed a large cut on her stomach, the skin dangling from the bruise.
  Cindy yelped, swallowing with disgust. Conner nudged her behind him, but she resisted, forcing her way to stand by me.
I want to see Raleigh beat his ass, she growled, presumably to Conner even if I heard it. 
 I snickered. Congratulations on your free ticket, I teased. 
 Cindy snapped her jaw at me, but I could see a smile pulling at her lips.  
 After so long, three years of our efforts are finally going to pay off. And while it wasn't me beating the shit out of him, I was glad Raleigh got to avenge herself; to avenge Cindy. She was always strong, my girl. She only needed the little push to believe it, and as it turned out, Greg was that little push.
 "Fucking bitch!" Greg roared.
  Raleigh's jaw clenched, and with blue-tipped claws, she smacked Greg with a stomach-clenching crack, sending him flying into the tree. My pack cheered as Raleigh prowled towards him, Lune's influence high. Raleigh and Lune separately were scary, but together, they were downright terrifying.
Make a mental note never to piss off your mate, okay? Conner shivered. Damn, she's worse than Cindy. 
 I smirked. I know how badass my mate is, I boasted. Somehow, it didn't feel wrong of me to sit on the sidelines, my tail thumping eagerly on the ground as Raleigh risked her life in the fight. It was her fight, her revenge. I had no right to take that away from her. She deserved it more than I did.
Two roars shattered the trees around us, the birds cawing away and the branches dancing an attempt to escape. I felt as if something had stabbed me through the gut, which caused my anxiety to run in laps around my heart. 
 Raleigh had Greg pinned to the ground, growing and slobbering above him. It made me slightly jealous that she was on top of him. The only person she was allowed to be on top of was me! 
 However, with the way she loomed over him, her eyes screaming death, I decided that Greg could enjoy her weight for a while.
"I'm sorry, Greg." Raleigh's voice vibrated and echoed, either from Lune's influence or from her wolf form. The earth rumbled with every word she breathed. "But I can't have you hurting the ones I love." Raleigh's eyes slid slightly to me, to Cindy, to Conner, to Jasmine. To Alexander, to Valentine, to Josephine. 
 As Greg shifted, barely wearing anything except a belt, I knew it was over. No matter how hard Greg struggled against her hold, I knew he knew he was done for. I hardly saw him reach into his belt, pulling something out just as Raleigh flexed her paws and snapped his thick neck into two. They both howled, howled as if it was the last time they would howl.
 Lucien! Cindy screamed through the mind link. A sharp pain shot in my stomach and I roared, slinking back. 
 Conner nudged my side, his nose wet. When I looked at him, I realized he and the other members of my pack suddenly looked upset. Tears shimmered in their eyes, and my heart thrashed in the cage I had locked it in. Anxiety curled through me, and with a painful howl, an empty feeling crashed into me, one that I hadn't felt in a very long time.
 Loneliness.
 Jutting through Raleigh's limp, collapsed body, was a silver, scarily sharp, tip. I ignored Greg's lifeless body, rushing over to my mate. Caspian was whimpering, crying, and thrashing in my head. Around me, lights flashed, my pack slowly circling me.
  I lifted her bloody head, checking frantically for a pulse. Her eyes were already closed, her lips rapidly turning blue. Snarls echoed in my head.
"No... No!" I pressed my fingers hard against her pulse, waiting for the resonating thump that never came. 
  Caspian howled, and around me, my pack began to howl as well. Cindy was crying, Conner consoling her. Jasmine sniffled a sob, and Josephine was crying freely. Valentin wiped his eyes, and Alexander looked away.
No... 
My chest heaved. I cradled her body in my arms, pulling the dagger slowly out of her chest; out of her beautiful, pure heart.
"Silver tipped dagger," I growled. 
 Conner snarled, closing and opening his flickering eyes.
"H-He knew he was going to die," Cindy sniffled. "He knew, and he used that to his advantage..."
"No!" I roared. My arms trembled, my breathing shook. "No! This—This isn't happening! She's not—She's not..." 
 Conner clapped my shoulder, streams of hot, salty liquid rolling down his flushed cheeks.
"I'm so sorry, Lucien...Raleigh's gone..." 
 Around me, my pack howled, a tradition—an instinct when someone died. Warriors fell to their knees, heads bent, eyes downcast. I struggled to control the furious wave that was crashing into me, shattering my heart. 
 My hands brushed her pale face, her open, blank eyes, her light stomach, her limp legs. Flashbacks of my time with her ran through my head, starting from the day we met, the day we kissed, the day we mated: Everything was over, now. My heart shattered helplessly in my soul, my wolf crying.
 Something hot burned inside of me, something dangerous. Caspian was slowly piecing himself back together, his eyes burning holes in my mind. He thrashed in the cage I had locked him in, refusing him all these years.
 Let me out, Lucien! He begged Let me show them the true anger of The Alpha King! Let me show them the wolf who really rules North America! 
 I growled.
All this time, I had controlled Caspian, locked him away. All this time, I refused him, I denied him any rights to the steering wheel to my body, for fear I'd scare my gorgeous mate. Now...I had nothing to hide, nothing to protect. My life was useless. Everything I had done...it was all futile now. I had no reason to hide, no reason to deny him. 
  I gently placed Raleigh on the ground, standing tall. Everyone's eyes followed me, anxious to see what their precious Alpha King would do now. I snarled, sinister.
You know what, Caspian? Go ahead. Take control. I'm sick and tired of holding you anymore.
 Caspian faltered, seemingly taken aback. R-Really? He stammered.
 I growled. Do you not understand English? Yes! Show the world the real wrath of the Alpha King. Show them what it means to take something dear to me, to take my heart and smash it to the ground.
  Caspian's sinister smile flashed in my head; his wolfish lips curled and his golden irises narrowed. 
 Conner eyed me warily, standing. "L-Lucien..." 
 I glared at him, yellow light flashing on his skin. He gasped, stumbling back. My pack looked at him oddly, and I wanted to laugh at them for not heeding his warning.
"I'm tired of holding you back," I spoke, my voice shaking the ground like a robot. 
 My pack stood with haste, scrambling towards Conner, who was looking at me with narrowed eyes. He was recognizing something. Something dangerous.
"A-Alpha..." Valentin stuttered. 
 I glared at him, a yellow light consuming my vision.  Take it, Caspian. 
 That was all my feral wolf needed. With a loud, large, howl, a wave of warmth crashed into me, prickling my skin. The tears flowed freely on my night fur, fury, and pain covering my glassy gold eyes like contact lenses. Caspian grabbed the reins to my emotions, having been deprived of that right for so long.
"Lucien! You...You..." Conner stumbled back, colliding into other wolves.
  I snarled, red dots covering my vision. I had failed in my mission, not only failing to protect my mate but failing to keep my murderous wolf at bay, to keep him from harming the ones that I loved.
But I didn't care.
I snarled, displaying my clean row of sharp incisors before pouncing on Conner, giving him barely a second to shift. Pain crashed into me, all my pent-up tears hardening into anger, into fury. Caspian ignited the fire to my loss, controlling my body with ease. I hardly recognized the man I was fighting. The same man I had grown up with, my Beta, my best friend.
"Lucien! Snap out of it, Lucien!" Tears were falling from Conner's eyes as he shifted, his brown wolf accepting my beatings one at a time. "Lucien! Please!"
  Cindy was crying, trying to run to him. Alexander and Valentin held her back, and slowly, I could feel my conscious fading. Like my soul was leaving my body, the pieces of my heart crumbling to the ground. Caspian was growing stronger, pushing my influence away. Slowly but surely, without knowing, he was killing me, driving my soul away. I let him. If it meant joining my beloved in heaven, then so be it. Let me die at the paws of my own wolf; my own consciousness.
"Lucien!" Conner roared, swiping at my face. 
 I growled, head-butting him into the tree. Cindy screamed, and I whipped my head towards her, snarling. I made a stance, prowling closer, but Conner rammed into me, knocking me aside.
"I don't want to hurt you, Lucien! Please!" He was begging now. Pathetic. Pain consumed my brain, wracking my skull.
  I clenched my jaw, gritting my fangs. Caspian pushed me forward, reminding me of my mate's dead body a mere few feet away from me. 
"He's going insane!" Alexander shrieked. 
 My lips curved into a sinister grin. "Revenge...my mate..."
 I couldn't speak. My air pipes were filled with fury, not air. I swiped blindly, knocking Conner to the ground. I pounced on him, giving him no time to get up. We both roared, swiping and clawing, snarling when we drew blood. 
Suddenly, Conner's jaw dropped, his shadow taking on a white, powerful aura. I growled, swiping at him. He barely dodged, and just as Caspian was about to press harder, a soft, gentle hand dropped to my shoulder.
A familiar hand.
 I froze. A cool feeling spread through my body, the flames in my chest sputtering and dying. Caspian howled, but some of my old power returned to my body in a flash of light and I growled, pushing Caspian back into his cage. I felt stronger, my soul returning to its post, yet my heart was still broken, still smashed on the ground.
 "What...?" I held my head, the world around me spinning. Loose, dangling strands of wet hair hung over my face as my bones popped into place. Caspian clawed and roared inside his hard cell, but I refused to let him out. My control now back in my palm, I realized with a deep pit in my stomach the extent of my anger; what would have happened had I let go of the strand of my consciousness.
"Lucien..." Conner didn't hesitate to wrap his arms around me, squeezing me tightly as if I would lose control should he let go.
  I returned his embrace with a weak smile. "I'm sorry," I murmured. "I lost my control...I could have killed you..."
"You were going to kill yourself." Conner's voice was hoarse, a dark, swirling cloud looming over us. The hazy fog became denser, the humidity rising. "I-I couldn't lose another friend—" 
 Whatever he was about to say was cut off by a quiet cough behind my back.
  I frowned, noting the drop of his jaw and the widening of his eyes. "What...?" 
  Conner held me by my trembling shoulders, turning me around. The brisk wind slapped my arm as if a knife was slitting my skin, the whirlwind in the sky twirling inside my heart.
 She was floating, she was ghostly, she was smiling, but it was still her. It was still the same, round face and chocolate brown eyes, specks of blue tinting the irises. It was still the same, slim frame and flowing black hair. It was still the same teasing smile and gentle hands.
"No... Is this just a dream...?" I reached out, my hand passing straight through her stomach. 
 Raleigh giggled, floating backward. Both of her hands daintily covered her mouth, her cheeks rising at my attempt to hold her. It was her, but it also wasn't.
"Raleigh..." 
 My knees buckled, and with a short sob, I collapsed on the ground, Conner following shortly after.
  Raleigh's smile dropped and she knelt down, something she hadn't been able to do before. She reached for my face, cupping my jaw with a ghostly smile; with blank eyes and a fake smile. 
"I'm sorry, Lucien. I'm so, so sorry," she murmured, tracing my bottom lip with her thumb. Her touch sent shivers up my spine, my lips feeling as if I had pressed ice against them. She drew some of my wet strands of hair away from my face, tucking it behind my air.
"Why...Why did you leave me...?" I choked. 
 Raleigh sighed, cupping my face. "Lucien, life doesn't always go the way we planned...and if it meant that Greg would die, then I wouldn't hesitate to do it again." 
 A tear trickled down my cheek, but something about her sentence made a switch click in my head.
"You knew..." I brought my heavy eyes to meet her empty ones. "You knew you'd die...didn't you...?" 
 Raleigh shrugged. "Possibly. I saw Greg draw the dagger, but I just thought I'd survive it." She laughed, a bitter layer hiding beneath her tongue. "I suppose you don't cheat death more than twice, huh? I didn't expect it, I'll be honest, but it's for the best this way..."
"No!" I cut her off with a growl. "Don't you understand what you're saying? You're telling me that a life without you is a better life! You're telling me to move on, to find someone else! I-I can't do that..." 
 I reached for her hand, only for my hand to swim through her. 
 Raleigh licked her lips, her nervous habit that only made me want to bawl. "Lucien...I..."
"Raleigh." 
 A sharp, yet gentle voice spoke through the mist, carrying to my ears. A blinding, burning light spread through the trees as if a pool had been flipped over. Through the ripples of white light, a familiar path of gossamer robes and dainty, pale arms floated next to my mate, her dark, midnight hair brushing against her arms and waist. The dirt and gravel crunched with my pack frantically trying to get on their knees.
The Moon Goddess smiled, her keen eye wandering over the platform we had been in for nearly a whole day. Above her, the round sphere that every wolf looks forward to rose to prominence in the sky, the mellow light a dim spotlight around us.
"So, you gave in to Caspian's demands, I see?" Her tone was light, no mirth under her tongue, yet I still felt as if she was condescending on me.
  I bent my head, just like when I would get in trouble with my father.
"I-Ma'am—" 
 The Moon Goddess raised her hands, stopping me in my tracks. "Lucien, you are a good man, do you know that?" She asked.
  I swallowed thickly as if the bile had formed a ball bigger than my throat. "I—"
 "You haven't hesitated since day one to take care of my daughter," she said. Raleigh's pale cheeks tinted pink. "You have cared for her; been patient with her, and all the while treated her just as any Alpha would their Luna. I'll admit, I was a bit nervous handing her over to you, but you passed my tests, despite a few minorities." 
 She and I both looked at Greg's dead body, and Raleigh looked away, feigning indifference.
"Lucien, you are a good man, no matter what you think. You are an Alpha King, and while I was skeptical when you rose to the throne, you have proven to me how much you are capable and worthy of the job. I am proud to call you not only The Alpha King but also my son-in-law." 
 I hiccupped, waves of emotions crashing into me. "T-Thank you, Moon Goddess, but...I am no longer your son-in-law. My mate is with you..."
  The Moon Goddess smiled, serene, and gentle. "Yes, but she was not meant to come here, not now, not ever." 
 I frowned. "What...?"
"You did not deserve to lose so many people in your life, Alpha King." She continued. Behind her, Raleigh smiled. "You did not deserve the wrath of your father, the disappearance of your brother, the death of your mate. You were not at fault for losing control on Caspian, and even when you did, you managed to reign him back, to control yourself in your anger, in your pain, in your loss."
  The Moon Goddess floated over to where Raleigh's body lay, smiling sadly. She beckoned me over, smiling gently.
"I do not usually do this, and even though your father had wronged me, even though I bestowed a curse upon your family and your pack, consider this my apology, and my blessing." 
 She placed her hands over Raleigh's heart, pressing gently. Light glowed in her palm, soaking into Raleigh's skin. Her veins by her heart glowed through her skin, a bright white color. I lifted her head up, curious. Conner was behind me, Cindy and Jasmine by my side.
"Alpha..."
"Quiet!" Valentin shushed Alexander quickly.
  Alexander pouted, but I could feel my heart stitching itself up slowly, carefully. Cindy began to cry again. Conner clapped my shoulder. Jasmine howled, prodding my pack to howl.
With the rise of the Lady of Night, my Queen once again rose. Breathing, alive—
—and all mine.


Raleigh: Chapter 51

 "Why did you do it?" 
 Five simple words. Five calm, nearly whispered simple words, yet they managed to make Darius and David fall to their knees as if they had been paralyzed.
  Dhoom merely shrugged, indifferent while in silver cuffs. "Because I can, and I did," He replied, nonchalant. 
 Lucien was having none of it, though. He slammed his large hands on the desk, nearly snapping the wood. 
 Dhoom raised an eyebrow. "What? You asked for the truth, and I told you! What do you want me to do? Lie to make it a better story for the front page?" He sneered. "You wish, bastard." 
 Alexander stepped forward, and Dhoom relented. He shuffled his wrists, the silver soaking into his skin.
 From our perches by the door, Cindy and I watched curiously at the trial that was taking place in Lucien's large office. I was taken aback when Lucien told me I was able to come to the trial with him, even more so when I realized werewolf trials were nothing like human courts. Apparently, the trials took place in the Alpha's office, with all of his warrior’s present.
 I caught Alain in the crowd, marveling at how much he had grown since Lucien accepted him into the pack. It had only been three years, yet it looked as if Alain had grown thirteen more years. He wasn't scrawny anymore; and with puberty, he had grown into a fine young man with a wonderful mate and soon, a pup.
"What are you looking at?" Cindy whispered, leaning closer to me. 
 I shook my head. "Just...realizing how much everyone here has grown, especially since I came."
  Cindy hummed. "Yeah. Alain has grown. I noticed you looking at him." 
 I shrugged. "What can I say? He's the one that I think grew the most out of everyone, and the one that caught my eye, I guess."
"He has grown...But I think everyone in this room has grown one way or another, physically or mentally," Cindy admitted. 
"Like Conner?" I asked with a slight tug of my lips. 
 Cindy blushed. "Yes, like Conner. He went from despising the thought of having pups to cherishing the time he spends with them."
"He probably got a heart attack after almost losing you. Maybe that's what made him change his mind," I suggested. 
 Cindy dragged her teeth over her bottom lip. "Possibly, but Lucien is the one who lost someone, I didn't." 
  I flinched, but Cindy continued. "Speaking of, how are you feeling?"
 "Better. It's only been a month, yet, it still feels surreal to know that I died..." I swallowed, my heart thumping. "I didn't believe it at first when my mother told me. But when I saw Logan...and Drew...I knew..."
"Hey, that's over now, okay? We're all good. Everyone's gone." 
 I snorted. "Everyone except the Three D's."
 Cindy scoffed. We both glanced at the desk, where Lucien was yelling something right into Dhoom's face, while the latter looked very irritated and very bored, only looking up once or twice to answer in the same, monotone tone he had been using ever since Alexander and Alain dragged him here.
"Honestly, they're starting to become tedious, especially because they aren't giving any answers," I mumbled. 
"Well...that's Lucien's father for you. Though, I'd bet he was excellent at charades, with what little talking he does." 
 I chuckled quietly. "I suppose..."
"Did you ever wonder what those shark necklaces were?" Cindy asked abruptly.
I shrugged. "I asked Jasmine. She said they were Darius and David's. Benedict and Wren found them."
"Oh."
"...Well, if you want me to answer, get your mate here! If she's as terrifying as you say she is, then prove it. Greg was a waste of my time; he probably wanted to die anyway!" I caught Dhoom shouting.  
 Lucien didn't reply, but his eyes were as hard as stone, an indication that he was thinking about his next move. 
 I smirked, nudging Cindy. Would you like to have a free show? I linked. 
 Cindy smiled. With popcorn and a hint of kicking ass? She asked. 
Of course. Nothing but the best for a 5-star movie, no? 
 She shoved me playfully, and with a laugh, I walked through the parting crowd of men to where the Three D's sat, or rather, kneeled. Lucien stepped away, covering his mouth. He knew what was going to happen.
"I heard my name."
  Dhoom's dark eyes widened as if he'd forgotten that I had been leaning right behind him. A couple of wolves, Lucien included, snickered, and with a fake smile on my lips, I walked in front of David first, flicking my wrist. 
 Blue wisps of smoke curled around David's slumped shoulders, hoisting him up, his eyes forced to look into mine. The familiar swirling and hazy vision of Lune's influence corrupted my eyes and I grinned, fear playing on David's face.
 "Start talking," I growled. 
 David looked at Darius and Dhoom, his eyes pleading with them. Dhoom ignored him, and Darius kept his head bent.
"Okay...I'll start," I drew my fingers towards my chest and the wisps tightened around David's pudgy form.  He wheezed. 
 "Why did you abuse me during my stay at Lexi's?" I snarled. 
 David swallowed. "I..." He glanced behind me, seemingly to Lucien.  
 Lucien shrugged. “You asked for her, right? Well..." he gestured to me. "Here you are." 
 David gulped, shifting in the shiny blue bonds. "Dhoom ordered me too," he admitted. "Alexia really is my mate, but when Dhoom found out, he used it to his advantage. I was told to harass you, to make sure you were kept away from the Alpha King, and eventually, once you were of child-bearing age, to bring you to the pack." 
Dhoom snapped his jaws at David. "Why the hell would you tell her that? Are you an idiot?" He snapped. 
 David growled, narrowing his eyes. "Why should I lie, anyway? Unlike you, I have a mate to get back to." 
 Dhoom faltered, a flash of pain striking his eyes. Something in me shifted. Did he really miss Olivia? 
"Whatever. You were useless in my attempts, anyway," Dhoom corrected.
  David rolled his eyes. "Being a smart-ass won't get you out of those chains, Dhoom," he said. 
 Dhoom growled. "Just get on with it."
  I clenched my teeth. "So... all those rape attempts, all those times you would berate me for something I didn't do, it was all because your Alpha told you to do so? Do you have no mind of your own?" 
 David's shoulders rose and fell, his way of shrugging in my chains. "In the werewolf world, Luna Queen, we have to power unless we are a warrior, a doctor, an Alpha, Beta, or Gamma. I am none of those, so my life is in my Alpha's hands," he explained. 
 A touch of sympathy jolted through me, and in a way, David was right. He wasn't in control, his Alpha was. But what he had done was wrong, Alpha's orders or not.
"What about Logan and Drew?" 
 David winced. "I-I apologize...Dhoom had us hypnotized...I could not do anything about that..." 
 I hummed, glancing at Dhoom. He licked his lips slowly, dragging his tongue over his fang.
  I rolled my eyes.
"We were supposed to come for you, but as I'm sure Alain explained, we were told to kill anyone in our paths."
  I frowned. "But you were in the same room as Alain...?"
  David jerked his head, his eyes rolling, and I nodded. He had been hypnotized. He didn't know the difference between left and right.
 “Were you the one to rape me when I first came?” I asked, pausing for a moment to collect the information he was feeding me.
 David shook his head. “No. That was Darius.”
I stayed silent, then turned to Lucien. "What do you think?" I asked. I craned my neck to get a good look at my mate, who looked like he had been in another world.  
 His eyes snapped to me, though when I called him and he flushed awkwardly. "Huh? Oh, well, since you did say the truth, and you haven't exactly caused much trouble, I will let you off with a warning."
  David slumped in relief, but Lucien wasn't done. "However, because you were partially responsible for the death of my previous Beta and Beta Female, you will be kept in the prisons for a month at most—"
"Will it be Cell 9 or 10?" David cut in with a stammer.
  Lucien shook his head. "No. I believe Cell 5 is vacant..." 
 Alexander nodded, stepping forward. "Yes, Alpha." 
 I curled my fingers, the stream of hot magic soaking into my palms. David dropped to the ground with a thump and Alexander hoisted him onto his feet, leading him out of the room. 
 When the door closed, I turned to Darius, who was trying to make himself invisible behind Dhoom, who was having none of it.
"Get out and face her like a man!" He snapped. "She's a woman! What's the worst a weak girl like her can do?"
  I growled, grabbing Dhoom by his collar abruptly. 
 Lucien's eyebrow rose. "You might want to reconsider opening your mouth against my mate," he drawled. 
 I raised Dhoom high above me, strength trembling in my calves, magic coursing through my veins. "Say that again, I dare you." 
 Dhoom opened his mouth, but I cut him off quickly. "Oh, and in case you want a refresher on how Greg came to his end, I'd suggest you snap that jaw of yours close and swallow your fucking attitude."  
 Dhoom's mouth dropped as if he hadn't expected such a lewd word to spit out of me. 
 I smirked, dropping him to the ground. "Now you..." I approached Darius, who attempted to feign indifference. 
 I chuckled. "Trying to be the tough boy, huh?" I flicked his collar and he whimpered. "Start talking." 
 Darius, just like David, didn't hesitate to open his mouth. 
"I-I was an Alpha, leader of Greg's pack before he came into control. I met Dhoom after the Alpha King found out I was using women for my own pleasure...I... I did not know who you were, Dhoom never fully explained. I swear, Luna Queen, I was only carrying out his orders, just like David!" Darius begged. "Please! Have mercy, Luna."
  I raised my eyebrow. "Mercy?" The wisps of magic jittered along the length of my fingertips as if they were laughing. "After you were included with the slaughtered both of my friends, you want mercy now?" As easy as saying the ABC's, a sharp, clean claw jutted from my middle finger. Darius recoiled, jumping. "Perhaps you should rethink your word phrasing..."
"I-I admit I was part of the execution plan, but...but..." Darius faltered, realizing he had no excuse for his actions. 
 Lucien clicked his tongue. "You know the penalty for that, Darius," he said slowly. 
 Darius gulped. "Life in prison..." He murmured. 
 Lucien nodded, and with a snap of his fingers, Darius was dragged away, his pleas carrying out into the hallway. 
 My heart squeezed for him, but justice for Logan and Drew's parents had to be served. They'd never get any real closure; their children were dead. This was the best Lucien and I could do.
"And finally, Alpha Stubborn of the idiots," I grumbled, swirling on my heel. 
 Cindy chuckled from the back, and a few of the males poorly hid their snickers. 
 Dhoom snapped his jaw. "My, how open you have become. Whatever happened to the shy, reserved Luna Queen I knew so long ago?" He mused.
  I glared at him with all my might. "You don't deserve to witness that Luna," I snarled. 
 I didn't wait for him to spit out some shitty metaphor. I grabbed him by his neck, slamming him into a wall. His muscles tensed, his biceps flexing in an attempt to push me away. Lune and I pressed harder, the blue aura surrounding him.
"I-Is t-this a..ny way to treat y-your guests..." he rasped. 
 A dark chuckle rose from my throat. "Only the unwanted ones," I growled. "Now spill."
  Dhoom wheezed. "What makes you think that I—" I pressed harder against his jugular and he coughed. "Okay! Okay! I'll talk!"
  I dropped him to the ground and he gasped for breath, glaring at me with hard eyes. I felt Lucien near me, in case Dhoom tried anything. 
"I assume Lucien already told you about my feelings for—-ah—women," he spat. 
 I narrowed my eyes. "Yes..." 
 Dhoom sighed, looking defeated for the first time.
"When I was younger, before meeting Olivia...I had an older sister. She was deceptive, cruel, and downright dangerous to our family. She ended up cheating my father from hundreds of coins, coins we needed to survive," Dhoom swallowed. "I was told that all women were the same, so when Jasmine was born, I feared for Lucien's future. I feared she would become another Otrera; another problem. What I didn't realize was that I was slowly becoming insane from my addiction. That, added with the influx of drugs—" Dhoom shook his head. "Louis only fueled my fire. I sought to make sure my firstborn would have no issues in life, so when the opportunity arose to make my pack stronger, I took it, not realizing how it would split my family apart." He choked over his words, his eyes glassy and a neon blue. "I was blinded by revenge; by anger. When Lucien sided with his siblings, I swore to make him pay for that; to make him see with his own eyes what I had done for him. My revenge was simple—yet it cost the lives of so many...so many..." 
 I closed my eyes, drawing the wisps of my hypnotic strength from his eyelids. In a flash of white light, Dhoom's eyes receded to their normal color, his mouth twisting into a snarl.
"Why you pathetic, incompetent—"
"Intelligent woman, you were going to say?" I finished, closing the white light in my palm. "Why yes, yes I am, thank you." I stepped away from Dhoom when he swiped at me. "I believe my work here is done." 
 Lucien nodded, pulling Dhoom up roughly by the shoulders. Dhoom tried for a glare, but when your own son is taller than you are, what's the chance that you'll intimidate him?
Cindy whistled quietly as I dusted my hands, walking to the back of the room. A few chairs squeaked from the front, but I ignored it. Whatever had happened, Lucien and the other men knew how to handle it. I had used too much of my energy. I was drained.
"So..." Cindy giggled girlishly and I eyed her warily.
"So... what?" I asked. 
 Again, she giggled. "What are you doing after this?" She squealed.
 I contemplated my words carefully. "Uh...I don't know yet..."
  As if on cue, Shawn and Alain roughly grabbed Dhoom, the desk squeaking. Dhoom roared, but Shawn and Alain continued to yank at him, dragging him mercilessly out of the room. He glared at me as he passed, his mouth opening to speak, but faltering when I growled. 
"Well, that was easier than I thought," Conner mumbled as he slid up to us, hands in his pocket. He was watching Lucien lead everyone in the room out, presumably to the door.
"Yeah. All thanks to Raleigh, really," Cindy said proudly. 
 I blushed. "I didn't do much..." I mumbled.
  Conner's eyes widened. "Are you kidding? You scared the shit out of all three of the D's, and you tell me you did nothing? Still wondering why Lucien's going to—" 
 Cindy abruptly glared at him and Conner whimpered, slinking back.
"Lucien's going to what?" I asked. 
 Footsteps approached behind me, an intoxicating scent wafting to my nose.
"Yeah. What am I going to do?" Lucien growled; his apprehension high. My stomach churned. What was with everyone today?
"N-Nothing..." Conner mumbled. Lucien and Cindy both sighed and I just sat there, confused as ever.
"Okay then..." 
 Lucien cleared his throat, shifting on his feet. "Actually, there's this little waterfall I was hoping I could take you to now...if Cindy doesn't mind..." 
 Cindy hastened to stand, grabbing Conner by the arm. "N-No! Not at all...but, can I help you get ready Raleigh?"
 I raised my dark eyebrow. "What? Why? Can't I go like—" 
 Cindy didn't let me finish. She yanked my arm, pulling me towards Lucien and my bedroom. Lune was snickering in my head and confusion crept on my skin. After everything I had been through these past three years, I was beginning to despise surprises.
 Cindy made quick work of me. Luckily, she didn't make me shower, but she did make me tie my hair into a ponytail and lather cream on my face. She fitted me into a peach pink summer dress, one of my favorites that Olivia had given me for my birthday. She helped me put my sandals on and for the tenth time fixed my hair. Finally, I swatted her away.
"Geez, Cindy! I'm only going for a walk with him! Why are you dressing me up?" 
 She giggled. "If I make you look nice, maybe you and Lucien will spend more time at the falls..." She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively and I groaned.
"Never mind," I grumbled. I brushed past a cackling Cindy, carefully climbing down the steps. Lucien and Conner were talking amicably by the door, Conner shaking Lucien by the shoulders. They both paused at the sound of my sandals clicking against the steps, and an awe-filled smile curved on Lucien's lips. Cindy giggled, jumping off the last step and running to Conner, who kissed her forehead lovingly.
"Are they okay?" I whispered to Lucien. 
 He chuckled. "Yes, just excited."
"For what?" 
 Lucien didn't reply. In fact, he looked away from me, a hand toying in his pocket. I frowned. Why was he so nervous?
"Anyway, see you later, Conner, Cindy," Lucien acknowledged, opening the door. 
 Conner smirked. "Good luck, man!" He called. 
 I bit my lip, but I very badly wanted to ask what was going on. Why everyone was so chipper and excited today.
 Surprisingly, the waterfall Lucien took me to wasn't too far away from the pack. It was behind a large, flowery curtain of vines, and once Lucien pulled the curtain aside, I felt my breath leave my throat.
 The falls looked as if they had jumped out of a Van Goh picture or something; the water was crystal clear, the stones shimmering in the sunlight. There were no fish, and the sand was so clean I never wanted to go to Sandy Hook again.
"Wow..." I gaped. Lucien trudged onto the sand, and I scrambled to follow him. "This place is...beautiful! Why didn't you show it to me earlier?" 
 Lucien coughed. "Well—uh—I wanted to wait for a special day to show it to you..." he stammered. 
 I snorted. "I guess you could call serving justice a special day," I murmured. I gazed at the water, and the wet sand and shiny pebbles glistening in the liquid. I was so entranced by the sparkling that I hardly noticed Lucien taking his shirt off.
"Are you going swimming?" I teased. 
 He hummed, wrapping his arms around my waist from behind me. I could feel with a cool shiver the zipper of my dress being pulled down.
"You're coming with me, too," Lucien murmured. 
 I licked my lips, and with the press of his lips against my neck, my dress fell to the ground in a flurry of sand.
"Lucien...someone can see us..." I murmured.
  Lucien kissed my neck again, a rumbling growl echoing in the back of his throat. "I won't let anyone see what's mine," he growled.
  The back of my bra snapped in two, and what with Lune's yipping in my head, I faded back to the real world when the cool, frosty feeling of the water soaked into my skin, a dark contrast to the warmth of Lucien's aura.
"It's cold," I shivered. 
 Lucien chuckled; my bare body pressed against his. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he moved slowly around in the water, the sun's rays a spotlight in the water around us.
"I'll keep you warm," he murmured. His voice caught, as if he wanted to add something, but he didn't. Instead, he kept swaying us around the water, the warmth overlapping my already flushed skin. Once in a while, he'd kiss me or touch me, but apart from that, he was mostly quiet, which was beginning to worry me.
When he did speak, it wasn't what I was expecting him to say.
"It's been three years," he mumbled. 
 I smiled. "Three years of what?" I asked.
  Lucien smiled. "Three years since I met you, three years since my life changed." 
 I laughed quietly. "Is that a good thing?" 
 Lucien hummed. "It is..." he looked away, taking my hand "but...I've almost lost you more than once, and it's made me realize that I can't live without you, no matter what, I always want you by my side." 
 I titled my head. "I'll always be with you, Lucien," I assured. 
 Lucien smiled nervously, the water rippling and crinkling around us as if it were laughing.
"You've been with me, but just as my mate," he continued.
  I frowned. "Yes...?"
"What about my wife?"
 I did a double-take, my heart jumping. "W-What...?" 
 Something cool slipped onto my ring finger, and when I looked into the laughing ripples of the water, a shiny, beautiful ring was placed on my finger. Any words that had been on my tongue melted in as quickly as ice does on a hot pan and I could feel my heart jumping. My eyes felt wet, and I brought a hand up from under the water to cover my mouth. Hot tears dribbled down my cheeks and Lucien's rough thumb wiped them away gently.
"I'm not sure if I can get down on one knee in the water," he laughed nervously and I choked a giggle "but if you let me, I'll make you the happiest woman in the world...I love you so much...Will you marry me?" 
 Another round of tears threatened to spill from my eyes. I leaned in, pressing a fierce kiss onto Lucien's lips. He reciprocated eagerly, his hands roaming around my back, brushing over my incision.
"Yes! Yes, Lucien, yes!" I gasped, breaking our kiss. 
 Lucien looked as if I had given him the whole world in his hands and he spun me around. I laughed and in our romantic, passionate haze, we kissed each other as if there was no end, no beginning, no past, no present.
"I-I can't believe it...you said yes!" Lucien mumbled between our kisses.
"What? You thought I'd say no?" I asked.
  Lucien shrugged, shivering under the tracings of my ghostly fingers. "I didn't know, but could you blame me for being nervous?" 
 I thought about it for a moment, placing myself in Lucien's shoes. In a way, he was right. Had I been the one proposing, I probably would have peed my pants twice before gathering the courage to do so.
"I'm guessing you asked Conner and Cindy for advice?" I deadpanned. 
 Lucien chuckled. "Well—yes, I did. They weren't very good at hiding it, however."
  I smiled, gazing at the ring from under the water.
It was a beautiful, yet simple ring. Diamonds circled the band, a dark blue gem the center-piece of the ring.
"Do you like it?" Lucien asked as if reading my mind. 
"Like it? It's gorgeous! But you didn't have to get me a ring..."
  Lucien kissed the corner of my mouth.
"I know. I wanted to," he said. 
  I bit my lip, suppressing a squeal. I never imagined this day to ever come. Sure, I had fantasized it, but I never thought that it would become a reality. In my excitement, I pressed myself closer to Lucien than I already was, showering him with more kisses. He eagerly complied with my demands, and for a while, we floated and swayed in the water, kissing and touching, whispering things to each other that nobody will ever know.
 After a while, darkness began to fall upon the pack-lands, the Moon rising to its throne in the sky. Whispers caressed the trees, wisps of the giggly voices flying and twisting into the wind and circling the moon, spilling the secrets it had heard. I swore the aura of the large rock was brighter that night, spilling onto the Earth in her joy.
"Lucien, do you remember my birthday two years ago, when I turned nineteen?" I asked quietly. 
 Lucien hummed. "Yes. Why?" 
 I smiled. "Do you remember asking what I wished for?"
  He smirked. "Yes. Why?"
  I smiled. "Do you want to know what I wished for?" 
 He kissed my mark, humming. "It's up to you. Do you want to tell me?" 
 I giggled. "I didn't wish for anything," I revealed, giggling again. 
 Lucien frowned. "Really? Why?" 
 I pressed a kiss to the base of his neck, smiling up at him.
" At first, I wanted to wish for a better life, but why should I wish for something when I have everything I could ever desire?" I asked. "I love you, Lucien." 
 Lucien kissed me, fiercely, his love oozing into every shift of his lips against mine. I knew what he was going to say even before he said it, underneath the smiling moon, inside the canopy of trees, the curtain of flowers, and the sheets of water.
"I love you too, Raleigh."
  And when we kissed again, making love into the night, I knew I made the right choice to make no wish on my birthday. To follow Lucien and become the sun to his sun, the moon to his moon, the equal in his life--
My name is Raleigh Anne Rivercrest. I am twenty-one years old and I am a disabled girl with muscular dystrophy. I have many friends, a beautiful life, and a wonderful fiancé. I may not be human, and I may not be perfect…
But I love my life, and most of all—
I love myself.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

A teenager with a passion for writing and a fierce dislike of math, all of her books center around the themes of true love and romance, whether it be fantasy, dystopian, or even contemporary! Between homework, school, and family, writing always manages to find a place in her day, no matter the time. Strongest in History and language arts, you can find her either with her nose stuck in a history book or a blinking Word page.


