



THE HEIGHTS 
OF
PERDITION
BOOK ONE OF THE DIVINE SPACE PIRATES

♦♦♦♦

C. S. Johnson

Copyright © 2016 by C. S. Johnson.
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9996728-2-2
Print ISBN: 978-0-9996728-3-9

Per usual, this is for Sam. There is just no leaving you behind when it comes to a new adventure. 
This is also for Tyler. You were a great student but you make a better friend. I have such hope for my children thanks to you. 
I also feel a great deal owed toward my favorite friends. Esther and Jennifer, thanks for your support during the last few weeks of this novel’s writing. I wouldn’t have the drive if I didn’t think where I was going was any fun, and you always make me have fun. 
In addition, it is only fitting that my first “more romance” romance novel should be for my mother. I might live in a world splattered with fantasies, but there is nothing unreal that did not come into being without the solid reality of your love. I love you, Mommy! 

 


TABLE OF CONTENTS
♦1♦
♦2♦
♦3♦
♦4♦
♦5♦
♦6♦
♦7♦
♦8♦
♦9♦
♦10♦
♦11♦
♦12♦
♦13♦
♦14♦
♦15♦
♦16♦
♦17♦
♦18♦
♦19♦
♦20♦
♦21♦
♦22♦
♦23♦
♦24♦
♦25♦
♦26♦
♦27♦
C. S. Johnson
Author’s Note and Acknowledgements
Book 2 
Reading Sample

♦1♦

At just the right angle, the dark blue and white orb, suspended in a sea of invisible shadows, held in place by a faith as impossible to believe in as it was to see, fit nicely between his fingers. Outside his window, Earth looked small and fragile, seemingly innocent, and mostly harmless. A hollowness slipped between his thumb and forefinger as he squashed them together, crushing the blueberry-sized circle. 
Amused by the irony of the forced perspective before him, a rare, genuine smile formed on Exton Shepherd’s face.  
It was, he decided, almost a shame no one else was around to witness such an unusual event. He smooshed his fingers together, imagining the world completely decimated into dust. 
But then, he recalled, he’d given plenty of smiles earlier, as all the hubbub went on about the ship. Surely the crew, his hodgepodge of adopted family and coworkers, would have been satisfied with those, even though they were inauthentic at best and mocking at worst.
Duty sometimes demanded playing happy. Exton knew that, and he followed it, even in instances he loathed. 
Like today.  
Between the thirteenth and fifteenth sunrises of his day, he’d watched the only other person he truly cared for in all the world—no, he mentally corrected himself, in all the universe—pledge her love, heart, and life to another man. 
It was heartbreaking on some levels, but strangely freeing, too. 
The wedding had been quaint, warm, and sweet. Its simplicity suggested nothing of its socially taxing nature. 
Exton had no regrets about ducking out as soon as the bride and groom finished their vows and the Ecclesia had pronounced them husband and wife.
Once he had successfully slipped out of sight, Exton proceeded to the Captain’s Lounge, the small room he’d claimed as his the day after launching the Perdition into space. There was little to be said of the room’s comfort; it was more like a tall elevator shaft than a room, empty of everything but the coldness of space and a small window hidden up near the far end. More than once, Exton wondered if he’d found a kind of kinship with it; hollow and bleak, with a tiny view looking out toward the fleeing horizon. 
It was there, on a window seat built into the windowpane, where Exton tucked his legs under his chin and entered into his own world of privacy, where he was free to be who he wanted, even if it was for only a moment. 
As captain of the ship, he didn’t want his crew to see him in one of his more melancholy moods.
His frown returned when he opened his fingers again, only to see Earth was still hanging in space before him, its silence mocking and spiteful. Rearranging his hand, he made it seem like he was carrying the earth in the palm. Fleetingly, he toyed with the idea of pretending to toss the small pearl away into the dark recesses of space, into an imaginary hell. 
But he knew that would not work. 
Exton knew two things with startling clarity and unshakable certainty: The first was that hell was real, and the second was that it was his home. 
“Having fun?” a voice asked from below him. 
“Huh?” Exton jerked around in surprise, nearly falling off the window ledge. “Come on, Emery, don’t do that,” he groaned, while the young woman dressed all in white only laughed. His balance, already compromised by the pull of the starship’s gravity, faltered again as Exton tried to adjust himself. “You know I don’t like it when people interrupt me, especially when I’m here.” 
“But it’s my wedding day,” Emery insisted. “And I’d like to have a dance with the ship’s captain before the night shift starts. Come on, we’re up first.”
Exton gave up on staying by the window and jumped down as gracefully as he could. “All the shifts up here are technically the night shift,” he grumbled. 
“Some would say we live in perpetual day up here on the Perdition,” Emery offered, her voice gentle even as she maintained her stance. “Sunrise and sunset are only ninety-two minutes apart for us now, when we’re this close to Earth.”  
“Sunrises and sunsets do not make day and night up here,” Exton told her, touching his forehead. 
Emery reached out and took his hand, before she placed it over his heart. “I think your problem is too much night in here, not out there.” She turned her attention back to the window, where six inches of steel-grade glass separated them from the vacuum of space.  
Exton followed her gaze, wondering if she was looking for any sign of familiarity from their old home. He watched as the end of the ocean braced itself against the shore of the Old Republic; he felt his memory pull him in, and he could see it clearly inside his mind. 
The chill of the old mountains where he would go work and play with his father, the spray of the salt water on his transport module, the warmth of his mother’s arms as she welcomed him home from school—all of it embraced him, surrounding him and penetrating into the deep recesses of his heart. 
And then there was pain, and then it was gone. 
Exton shook his head. “I know it seems like a long time has passed, but it’s time to cause the URS some trouble. It’s almost the anniversary, you know.”
“I know,” she replied. A sudden sadness appeared in her gaze, and Exton wondered if she had been reminiscing as well.
Pushing aside his grief, he straightened his shoulders. “I have a plan that will really make them sorry this year, Em.” 
“I know you’re a man of your word,” Emery replied, “but I’m not sure it will be enough to convince them to give us what we want.” 
“They already cannot give us what we want.” Exton shrugged. “Our game was never for power. It was for meaning.” 
“It’s not a game, Exton.” 
“I know it’s not!” Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Emery flinch. “I know it’s not,” he repeated carefully, reverting to his usual, detached tone. “It’s not our fault that it became a quest for survival, Emery. I know that even more than you do.” 
“If it’s survival you want,” Emery scoffed, “there’s no point in selling your soul in the process.” 
Before Exton could assure Emery he had no soul left that was worth saving, let alone selling, he stopped. Happy times, he reminded himself. 
Emery’s wedding was a special occasion, one that had excited her for the past several months, offering a glimmer of hope on a horizon of gloom and turmoil. Exton was determined not to let the past rob him—or her—of anything else, so long as it was in his power. “You’re right,” he acquiesced, momentarily giving in. 
Emery smiled brightly, and Exton suddenly had a hard time believing she was only two years younger than he was. At twenty-two, she seemed much more innocent than the figure that gazed back at him when he looked in the mirror. 
He slipped his hand out from under hers, before taking and squeezing it. “Are you sure you wouldn’t like to have the first dance with your new husband?”
“Tyler is my heart’s desire,” Emery told him firmly, “but you will always be my hero.” 
Exton grimaced. He knew he was no hero. “It would be a shame to waste your time with me.”
“Time with you is not a waste.” 
“Did Tyler approve of changing up the dancing order? The man might be in love, but there’s no need to make him prove to be the fool.” 
“Hey, Tyler’s your commander, and your best friend,” Emery objected. “You know he’s not a fool.” 
“Not where it concerns you. He would be smart to correct that, and I have been telling him since he received approval from the Ecclesia to start courting you,” Exton told her. He gave her a devious look. “Should I make him walk the plank?” 
Emery frowned and searched the darkened shadows of his face. “That’s not funny, Exton.” 
“I know.” 
They walked in silence for a few moments before Exton spoke once more. “I don’t want to dance. No offense, Em.” 
“Traditionally, it was the daughter’s duty to dance with her father, first.” Emery smiled. “But that’s more of a cultural thing I’ve read about from the Old Republic.”
“Yes, I remember that,” Exton agreed. “Ironic, how the Revolutionary States would be appalled by it now.” 
Of course, he recalled, even the idea of using the term “father” might have some of the more militant protestors up in arms, as the beloved Daddy Dictator of the URS, Grant Osgood, did not encourage familial relationships, unless such feelings were directed toward government. 
“If the URS is against it, you should be more inclined to appease me, then,” Emery contended.  
There was a breath of silence and stillness before Exton responded. “I’m not our father,” he scoffed. 
“You’re more like him than you might wish.” 
As Exton scowled at her, Emery pointed her finger at him accusingly. “See? You even have the same exasperated look he used to get when he was frustrated.”
“I’ll have to take your word for it.” Exton shrugged, scratching his head. He frowned as he realized it had been some time since he’d gotten a haircut. His father used to do the same thing, especially when he was planning his next engineering endeavor. Exton suddenly wondered if it was his own scruffy locks that had been making him shrink back from mirrors of late. 
He missed his father too much to want to see him staring out of the mirror from the other side of the grave. 
Emery chuckled again, drawing him out of his thoughts. “Well, I know at least one trait you share with him. He had a hard time telling me no to anything I wanted, if memory serves.” 
“You look too much like Mom for me to say no,” Exton admitted. “I’m sure he had the same problem, but that’s one I’m more willing to share with him.” 
With her dark brown hair, blue-green eyes, and petite form, Emery was the living memory of their mother. She even had the same dimple hovering above the left corner of her lips, a trait Exton knew was the extent of their common features. Their father’s blue eyes, as clear and sharp as ice, had passed to him, along with his height, broad shoulders, and black hair.
“He always did want me to follow in his footsteps,” Exton muttered as they headed out of the Captain’s Lounge. “But I’m not sure he would have enjoyed the ghost of Captain Chainsword, the infamous space lumberjack pirate.”
“I don’t think he would have liked it, given how much he derided you for enjoying those fantasy adventures you used to read.” 
“It seemed fitting at the time, to create a new role for him to play, along with the rest of us.” 
“I suppose.” Emery shrugged. “But Papa was a brilliant engineer, same as you, and a good man. I’m not sure he would have liked your emphasis on piracy and power.” 
“For the most part, I think you are right,” Exton agreed. “But he was too idealistic by far. That was what got him killed.” He looked out a nearby window, where, even as he could no longer see Earth, he still felt the pull of its shadow.
“In hindsight, you would prove to be correct on that point.” 
“That is why I will not make the same mistake as he did. While Paradise is out of reach, Perdition will do what it can to ensure a better life for us.” 
“And others, too,” Emery added proudly.
“Maybe.” Exton shrugged. “I only have a duty to you, and you’re technically Tyler’s problem now. Anyone else is just extra.”
“Your duty to me hasn’t ended.”
Exton rolled his eyes. “I’m going to dance with you, aren’t I? What else is there?” 
“Your duty to me might include a dance tonight, but I wish for you to find someone you would love as I love Tyler.” She smiled. “Someone you can spend your life trying to make happy.” 
“Even as life makes me miserable?” 
Emery frowned and sighed. “I don’t know why you do that.”
“Do what?” 
“Make it impossible for yourself to be happy.” 
“Happiness is fleeting, remember?” Exton rolled his eyes. “Even the leaders of the Ecclesia would agree with me there.” 
“They don’t often agree with you, especially when it comes to your mandates,” Emery concurred. “The only reason they would on this account is because the phrasing is vague enough to seem to agree on the meaning.” She narrowed her gaze. “And the practice.” 
Exton wrinkled his nose. “We’ve been up here for too long if you know me so well.” 
“I still prefer this to when we were off at different universities, working on our studies,” Emery admitted with a thoughtful smile. “But as for the argument, you don’t seem to agree with the Ecclesia a whole lot, either. You don’t share most of their beliefs. I find it hard to believe that you would try to garner support from among their teachings.”
“Their teachings on wisdom and life, and how it should be, I respect. But it’s different when you’re trying to manage a pirate starship and ruin an empire.” 
“Not to mention when you insist so stubbornly on remaining miserable.” 
“I am going back to your wedding celebration, aren’t I?” Exton groaned. “Please don’t push it, Em. You know how I feel. If God would grant your wish for me, if he wanted so much for me to be ‘happy,’ he could have let me ‘fall in love’ with someone on the Perdition, like you and Tyler. But even when we send our smaller ships down to Earth for supplies, see Aunt Patty, or attack the URS, there’s no one there for me. There are only people there who want the protection Perdition can offer to political dissents or refugees such as themselves.” 
After a moment of thought, he added, “Besides, my job is to protect and lead aboard the spaceship. The last thing I need is to be led around by the whims of a woman.”
“There’s no need to make it sound so deplorable,” Emery scoffed, arching an eyebrow at him. “Do you honestly think dealing with the moods of a man are any easier?”
He flashed her a charming grin.  
“You don’t need to set yourself up for failure like that. We have only been up in space for six years now, hiding in the shadows of all the toxic clouds while playing war games with the URS.” 
“Not to mention watching destruction of all other sorts go unchecked,” Exton added, his voice grim. 
“It’s not all ‘unchecked,’” Emery reminded him. “Exton, you still can’t lose hope. God is a supposed to be a god of miracles, remember? We have time.” 
Exton wondered how his sister could be worried about his heart, when his life, as well all the lives of his crew, faced the bigger risk. It was one thing to be aware of danger, but another to disregard it, especially for something as silly as true love. 
He studied Emery’s daydreaming smile in silence and decided he had the right of it: As much as she was ever his practical and precise sister, Emery’s wedded bliss was affecting her judgment. 
Exton was surprised at the sudden stab of jealousy. He squashed it down as he caught sight of the approaching Earth through the galley windows. 
Didn’t Emery see the coming battle? Exton wondered. Didn’t she feel the haunted air about the starship, with specters of the past lurking around every corner of the Perdition?
They couldn’t outlast the URS forever up in space. While Exton and the Ecclesia had established the Perdition as a safe haven over the past few years, it was only a matter of time before the URS would come for them, and he knew it would not be to make peace.  
“What is it, Exton?” Emery asked, jolting him out of his gloomy thoughts. 
Exton sighed. “It’s not like God’s just going to dump someone into the ship just for me. You might as well save your breath for dancing, Em.”

♦2♦

All Aeris St. Cloud wanted to do was dance. 
The musical fanfare surely had to resonate all throughout the URS, Aerie thought. From the auditorium of her school, the New Hope Education Center 616, the country’s anthem surely had to echo out into even the bleakest ends of Earth. 
It seemed wrong to resist the urge to jump up and down. 
But she knew she had to present a respectable, stoic face to the brave new world before her. She had to. There were too many people in the large assembly before her, and the rest of her graduating class was counting on her not to make any mistakes or mess up. 
For once. 
Mara Fleming, the class president, had triple-checked Aerie’s pinned-back hair, while Claire Luceno, the graduating class student coordinator, warned her that this time she was going to have to hold in her sneezes, no matter how powerful. 
Similar reminders from her housing unit members—always her toughest critics—burned in the back of her mind like a warning flare, sending a wave of embarrassment rushing through her. 
Luckily, the sheer power of it triggered the hidden reserves of her self-control. 
But not before she wriggled her butt and smiled brightly. 
“Ahem.” 
The quick, sharp cough came from a familiar shadow from far down the line. It was quiet enough that the Master of Ceremony marched on with his speech relentlessly, the small indiscretion unnoticed by the crowd beyond him. 
Aerie let only a tiny sigh escape in protest. No one was allowed to break formation throughout the URS ceremonies, and even she knew she would never be the exception.
She leaned forward, watching her teacher’s familiar nostrils flair as his large pair of eyebrows sank into their trademark frown. How did Master Browning even see me from all the way over there? Aerie wondered. 
She knew it wouldn’t be much longer before the ceremony was over. 
And then everything in her life would be perfect.
Almost as if he could read her mind, the schoolmaster glared even more fiercely at her, his face suddenly blushing an angry purple. 
Even as guilt sunk in, Aerie nearly giggled at the reproving look. After six years, she knew better than to disappoint her schoolmaster. But no one could really blame her for her slip-ups today, Aerie decided, though she knew the State wouldn’t hesitate to punish her for them.
Today was the day when she would finally join the rest of her unit in the New Hope Military Academy. She would prove them wrong, at last, and they would finally accept her.
Sadness gently brushed through her. This is the day I’ve been waiting for ever since Mom died.  
Aerie had heard the rebellious mutterings about Heaven, a place in the clouds where people would go when they died. She might have thought her mother was watching her from there if most of New Hope wasn’t located underground, and if the Earth’s ominous, gray clouds didn’t look so opaque. 
And if Heaven wasn’t illegal, she added belatedly to herself. 
But she hoped if her mother was watching, she would be proud. Aerie had put more care into her appearance than usual; her hair, a golden shade of ginger, was pulled back into the tightest bun she could manage, with her long bangs tucked underneath her URS student service hat. She was wearing her best uniform, and her boots, perpetually crinkled and scuffed, were buffed to an acceptable shine. 
Of course, no one noticed. But at least no one teased her for looking sloppy or trying to draw attention to herself. Aerie decided that alone was a good sign. 
Nothing is going to go wrong today.
Another smile slipped out.  
“Aerie.”
At the sound of her name, Aerie glanced over to her to her left. She nearly melted at the sight of her longtime friend, Brock Rearden, until she saw he was signaling her to get her to be still. 
She rolled her eyes at him, feeling unexpected irritation starting to push through her enthusiasm. She could understand the schoolmaster’s rebuke, but Brock’s was frustrating. 
But then, she reasoned a moment later, there was a rumor going around that Brock was going to ask her to the Military Academy Ball, the opening gala where all the new recruits and accepted personnel were honored. 
Maybe that was why he was concerned, Aerie thought. He wouldn’t want to go with me if I caused a scene at graduation. 
After all, Brock had an impressive reputation as one of the top students in their class. Other rumors she heard said that he had been talking with the Military Academy Board since the previous year. 
While getting into the military academy would mean proving her worth to her unit, showing up with Brock Rearden would prove her value to her peers.  
Not that that is really a major concern, Aerie told herself. There were other, more important, elements that went along with getting invited to the ball by the most handsome, cunning, and eligible military recruit. 
She sighed silently and happily to herself. The ball was a tradition in the URS, and it was the perfect place for her to get her first date, her first dance, and even her first kiss. 
Which Brock was perfect for, too, she thought, still pretending to pay attention to the speaker as she conjured up an image of her friend. 
Like many military recruits, his hair was cut short, but its wheat color reminded Aerie of the surface, of the softness of soil or the warmth of fur. His eyes were a combination of green and brown, which made her think of her mother’s small garden, with specks of life surrounded by the warmth and power of the earth.
Power, Aerie decided, was a word that matched Brock. While his ruggedly handsome face and build were hard to miss, it was his strength and shrewdness that made him stand out among everyone else in the room. He projected an aura that was both protective and predatory. 
It’s hard to imagine Brock not getting into the military, Aerie thought appreciatively. 
“—and now, comrades, please join with me in welcoming our graduates to their new ranking as full members of the United Revolutionary States.”
Aerie, along with her class, automatically saluted the audience with the formal RSS, the Revolutionary State Salute. Her right hand closed into a fist and then covered her heart, before she bowed her head. It was the URS salute of the highest order, required as a sign of respect. 
She’d always thought it was a bit odd, but she heard the legends and stories of the past—at first reluctantly, then insatiably—which told of ancient nations that showed respect by grasping hands, bowing deeply, and exchanging name cards. Before the URS rescued the citizens of Earth, there was so much diversity and so many differences it was impossible to maintain any working order. She could easily see the Founding Fighters working to compromise on a design for respect, and that was how they arrived at the Revolutionary State Salute, before the first dictator, Hal J. P. Rothsburton, approved and mandated it. 
“Thank you for that warm welcome to our new graduates.” 
Aerie struggled not to break formation. If there was any time to ensure she was following orders perfectly, it was at that moment. 
Dictator Osgood is here!  
She peeked over at him, excited to see the leader of the fair world speaking at her school. It was a special occasion indeed, even if his wrinkles seemed deeper and he was shorter than when he was onscreen; he couldn’t have been any taller than Brock.  
Like all educated students, Aerie knew Dictator Osgood had been the URS Dictator for about eleven years, ever since the previous ruler retired. 
He just wasn’t what she would call handsome, Aerie decided privately. 
“—pleased at the new recruits for the Military Academy this year. It will prove to be an interesting year, too, as we have received a message from the so-called ghost of Captain Chainsword.” 
Silence remained, but stillness suddenly accompanied it. 
Aerie glanced to the left side of the podium, where His Excellency stood. Posted up on the walls were several pictures of defectors. Some, long destroyed, were marked off with a large, red slash. Others had faded over time, forgotten to the passage of progress. 
Except one. 
Among the sea of criminals, Captain Chainsword’s profile stood out. Aerie, having little to no desire to pay attention to the various lectures she’d been forced to attend in the auditorium, was familiar with the pirate’s features. Under the crimson slash that crossed his profile, his expression remained steadfast. A pirate hat was perched crookedly on his head, while his hair was black as starless night, running into his gray and white beard. His eyes, clear and sharp despite their age, mocked the onlooker with an almost compassionate gaze, reminding them all that there were some who would have power at any price. 
“Captain Chainsword, as you know, has taken it upon himself to declare war on us, despite his death ten years ago,” Osgood continued. “He has cut our access to our satellite systems, making our scouting attempts to find survivors out in the nuclear and chemical minefields much more arduous and hazardous. His ship, the Perdition, has remained undetected. But last night, we received a transmission.
“I am here to warn you, and remind you of the great sacrifices our nation has made over the past decades. Ecological disaster, accelerated by war­—not the least among the list the destruction of the Persian oil fields, the nuclear discharge compromising the Old Republic electric grids, the chemical warfare unleashed upon the oceans—has forced us to find a new way of life.” 
Osgood paused, and Aerie quickly glanced at Brock, who was eying the poster of Captain Chainsword with barely contained hatred. 
“Fortunately for us, it was a better life. With all the capitalists and bankers”—a collective flinch went through the crowd at the mere mention of the former state’s slave owners—“rounded up and routinely executed, we were free to begin again, and in a fair manner.
“But now, Captain Chainsword’s ghost seeks to return us to the days of market competition and economic inequality. In his quest for power, he has continued over the years to reign down tyranny against us, saying the days of the dictators are nearly over. Captain Chainsword’s message to us this time was simple: ‘War is coming to New Hope.’”
As a collective wave of unmoving surprise rippled through the audience, Aerie gasped. Immediately, her face burned red. She quickly tried to quash her feelings of reflexive shame. 
After years of training, even the most outraged of individuals would be able to restrain themselves, especially in the face of a credible threat. 
You’d think I would have learned that by now! 
Osgood cleared his throat loudly. “While it might surprise some of you, I want you to know I am pleased by this. Since Captain Chainsword has been living on his starship, he has allowed himself to remain focused on his quest for power. In attacking New Hope, he will find that we have changed much over the last ten years.
“Indeed, if you recall your lessons on our history, New Hope was chosen as the United Revolutionary States’ great capital for its values and resistance. When unscrupulous villains would try to bomb or attack it, we would rise when knocked down, coming out more powerful than ever before,” Osgood said, referencing the tranquil times before the URS had been born, before the nuclear ash and toxic clouds made a large part of Earth uninhabitable. “As a result, I am confident we will be able to withstand his attack.” 
Aerie puffed up with pride. She was honored to be a resident of New Hope. Even in the dark days of capitalism, New Hope, previously known as New York City, was a beacon of hope to people all over the world.
“To prepare for this,” Dictator Osgood continued, “I am personally reminding all citizens of New Hope to remain in their underground living quarters.”
Her heart stilled as her intuition flared. 
Osgood gestured to the right side of the stage. “It is my pleasure to have with me today General St. Cloud, who, as my new Lieutenant Commander-in-Chief, in addition to overseeing the new graduate PARs today, will be recruiting and training Emergency Responders to help with any attack Captain Chainsword’s ghost might be foolish enough to unleash on our city.” 
Aerie’s gaze sharpened as her father briefly glanced in her direction. Her heart stopped as he caught her eyes with his.
Then he turned and took his position at the podium. Without so much as a word of welcome to his audience, General St. Cloud began listing off all sorts of reminders and procedures. 
Aerie felt her heart slowly, but loudly, resume its beating.
If her father was here, maybe her brothers would need to leave before she saw them. As fighter pilots in the Air Force, they might be called to the first line of defense for the URS. 
Her gaze went back to Brock. He’d always dreamed of flying. 
If war is coming to New Hope, he might get his chance.
Aerie wasn’t sure of the exact moment their graduation ceremony ended, but when she was finally allowed to smile, she suddenly had to force it.

♦3♦

Despite the events at graduation, Aerie reasoned that there was no reason to believe Dictator Osgood’s appearance was cause for immediate concern. She could still have her perfect day.
After all, she had passed her classes with high marks in tactical and combat skills, both difficult and necessary requirements for entering the URS Military Academy. There was also her final graduation project, where she’d prepared and delivered a research project presentation. Her instructors had given her many good compliments on that. 
Surely, that will be enough to get me into the military, she thought. 
“Aerie!” 
She turned and smiled brightly as Brock came up to her. “Hi, Brock.” 
“That was so intense back there,” Brock said, nodding toward the stage. “I’m so glad you didn’t slip up. Master Browning was about ready to blow, I’m sure.” 
“I’m sure he should be used to it after all these years,” Aerie said with a laugh. She tried not to let the fact that it was true hurt her. “Besides, if he did, wouldn’t he be the one who would need to be reeducated in self-control?”
“You’re right,” he agreed. “Though you could get penalized for it as well, for being the cause of it.”
Does Brock have just absolutely no sense of humor today? Aerie wondered. She shrugged it off; maybe he was, like her, just too overwhelmed by the ceremony and the PARs coming up. 
“So, when do you go in for your PAR?” Aerie asked, tucking her hands behind her back. 
“My review is supposed to be soon.”  
“Oh, really? You’re lucky. I’m expected to be called up close to last.” 
“Well, you do have to consider your privilege,” Brock told her. “Being a member of General St. Cloud’s unit and all.” 
“Ha!” Aerie laughed. “The General is hardly around for me to see him, let alone talk military strategies. I was lucky he remembered to enroll me in combat class this year.” 
She didn’t mention that his appearance at the graduation ceremony was the first time she’d seen him since the mid-quarter retreat several weeks ago.
“Others might think you are at an advantage, and it’s important to make sure these things are fair,” Brock said. 
“Are you feeling okay?” Aerie asked with a frown. “You’re sounding an awful lot like my instruction manual on how to be an officer, instead of my comrade.”  
“Aerie, come on,” Brock muttered. “We’re graduates now. You know as well as I do that the facts are not more important than feelings on this sort of matter; in fact, that’s pretty close to breaking the State Codes. That’s how the laws are here.” 
Aerie sighed. “Speaking of facts,” she said. “I heard a rumor that you were going to take someone from our class to the Military Academy Ball.” She smiled again, trying to bat her eyelashes the way her older roommate and sister, Serena, did when flirting with one of her many admirers. 
“I do have an idea of who I’d like to ask, if I get in,” Brock said. He gave her a kind smile—the first one all day from him, she pathetically noted—and winked at her. 
Aerie felt her heart race as she wondered if he was going to ask her to the ball then and there. 
The rush of possibility was instantly derailed. 
“I’m waiting. If I ask anyone to the ball, I’d hope she would be accepted into the academy, too.”
“You wouldn’t just want to ask any girl?” Aerie asked, surprised. “Even if she didn’t get in?” 
“Nearly all our classmates are hoping to get into the academy,” Brock reminded her. “If I ask someone who didn’t get it, can you imagine how awkward it would be to explain to everyone else at the ball why she didn’t get in?” He shook his head. “It would be an insult.” 
“Not for your company,” Aerie told him wistfully. 
“It’s no matter now. I haven’t been accepted yet.” 
“You don’t think you’ll get in?” Aerie playfully risked punching his shoulder. “Come on, no one is going to get in if you don’t. You’ve got the highest scores and your final presentation was phenomenal, I heard.” 
“Well, General Sootan and General Tanner were both very interested in my analysis of hand-to-hand fighting techniques from the pre-war era of the Old Republic,” Brock admitted, some color coming to his cheeks. 
Finally, Aerie mused. A topic she could get him to focus on that didn’t make her angry in the process. “Oh, I heard it was the best!” 
“Did you really?” Brock grinned. “Well, I do want to look into climbing up through the ranks of the military quickly. Maybe all that research will come in handy.” He nodded toward the towering profile of Captain Chainsword. “Especially if that traitor decides to come and visit us. I’d love the chance to prove he’s not a ghost.” 
“Let’s not talk about him,” Aerie said. “He’s an unpleasant topic.” There was more than one reason Aerie did not want to talk about Captain Chainsword. For all the scornful derision she saw in his picture’s gaze, she could not shake the feeling he was more than just an enemy. 
She’d heard the stories, the rumors—the ones the URS never encouraged. They said he’d been betrayed by those closest to him, and died of a broken heart more than the bullet that pierced it. 
How evil did you have to be before the people who knew you best betrayed you? Aerie wondered. She shuddered at the thought, thinking of her own unit. They would not be happy to know she had been listening to rumors again.
“All right.” Brock shrugged. “If you don’t want to. I wouldn’t want to make you uncomfortable on purpose.” He cleared his throat. “Tell me again, what did you present on for the URS General Education Board?” 
“I was given the assignment on weaponizing pollen,” Aerie reminded him. “Master Harrick thought I would enjoy that topic since it was on plants. She thought weaponizing them would be a fun project for me, since I wanted to go into the military.” 
“What did you find out?” Brock asked politely. 
“Nothing, really. It’s a terrible idea, so I researched plant generations instead. It’s really quite—”
“What?” Brock rounded on her. “You defied the Board’s orders for your assignment?” 
“I gave them a better one,” Aerie insisted. “Breeding plants for war might not be technically chemical warfare, but it is still—” 
“You defied an order,” Brock interrupted.
“Come on, Brock. It’s a matter of taking initiative. Besides, they seemed to like what I­—” 
“Aerie, I thought you wanted to get into military school,” Brock interrupted. 
“I do,” Aerie insisted. 
“You can’t defy an order and expect to get into the URS Military Academy. It’s just not possible.” 
“I thought you were supposed to be my friend, Brock.” 
“I am,” he agreed hastily. “We are comrades for life.” 
“Then why are you being so difficult today?” Aerie countered. This discussion is rapidly turning sour. 
“I’m the one being difficult?” Brock looked astounded. “You’re the one who has defied an order set by the council. Do you think they’ll let you slide into the academy I’ve worked my whole life to get into simply because you’re the General’s charge?” 
“No,” she snapped. 
“And now you’re denying you’ll use the only possible privilege you have in getting what you want?” 
“I don’t believe in the whole ‘privilege’ concept when it comes to my unit,” Aerie told him matter-of-factly. “I told you, I’ve barely seen the General since he was promoted to the URS’s National Guard ten years ago after the last dictator retired—” 
“The military academy has standards for a reason,” Brock insisted, ignoring her arguments. 
“Well, I have standards, too,” Aerie declared. “And I am not going to stand for this conversation anymore.” With that, she turned on her heel and walked away, not even bothering to salute him before she left. 
It was for the best. If she’d bowed to him, she would have been too tempted to spit on his perfectly shined shoes.
The nerve of him. Aerie clenched her fists. Why did he have to ruin her good mood? 
She’d known Brock for many years, and they were friends, as he said. He helped her with her training, while she invited him over for dinner. She had even let him borrow the General’s written accounts of his early-career battles against the Middle Eastern Nuclear Arms Coalition and Enterprise, also known as MENACE. The history of the nuclear attacks on the United Nations of America and her allies in the books were perfect for his studies, and Brock must have known books were still extremely rare, given the decimation of trees and plants since the Old Republic war began.
At that thought, she turned around and headed in the other direction, suddenly inspired. 
Aerie checked the time on her wristwatch; it wouldn’t do to be late for her final PAR. 
Her stress gradually lessened as she climbed up through the back stairways and ducked inside the old air duct. 
Finding her way up to the surface followed naturally after all her previous visits. 
Aerie might have said, though in jest because she knew it was forbidden, that something supernatural seemed to call her attention to the secret way above ground. 
She breathed in the air, unpurified and untreated, and smiled brightly before pushing the top of the duct portal free of its locked position. 
And then she stepped out into what was left of New Hope’s above-ground world. 
The years of toxic rain, sharpened by nuclear attacks, ate at the metal and cement, leaving the city pockmarked with rust and rot. Rather than abandon it, the citizens of the Union of North America followed the rats underground, forsaking sunlight rather than their home. Aerie had heard the legend of New Yorkers, and she wondered at it, because as passionate as they were about their home, she felt somewhat trapped by their pride. Once the URS was born from UNA’s remains, they continued the practice, enforcing it as part of the rule of law. 
Which made sense in many cases. After all, their civilization could only survive if they were safe. 
She made her way down the empty blocks, where occasionally a few homeless people were snuggled into corners, some crippled, some rejected by the government below. 
None of them ever seemed to make a move to talk to her, for which she was partially grateful and partially saddened. 
Aerie scanned her surroundings but did not see any other people around. She felt her excitement renew itself as she finally saw what she’d come for—the Memory Tree. 
Nearly eighty feet tall, the grand oak tree had been a signature site in the city before war and ecological disaster had drastically transformed the outside world. While the rest of the manmade world around her looked decrepit, rusting over and wasting away, the tree seemed unaware that it was supposed to be dying as well. 
Her steps increased in speed as she set her eyes on her intended destination. The tree was a survivor, and Aerie could more than identify with the loneliness accompanying the privilege of living in a broken world. 
A small mew! sang out, calling to her. 
“Moona!” Aerie reached down and picked up the small kitten at her heels. She petted the soft, black-and-white ball of fur before burying her face in it. The dirt clinging to its hair bristled her cheeks, but Aerie didn’t mind. She was just glad to see Moona had survived, even if the cat’s white coat was no match for city life. “I’ve missed you.” 
It had been awhile since she’d come back to see Moona and the Memory Tree. At least two weeks. 
“I’ve been busy with schoolwork,” she told the kitten as she hoisted her up on her shoulder. “I have my PAR later today, but then I’ll be finished with school.” 
“Mew,” the cat replied. 
“I should be able to come up here more frequently after I get accepted into the Academy,” Aerie said. “As long as my father—sorry, the General—doesn’t pay much attention to me.” She paused. “Which he shouldn’t, considering Dictator Osgood told us that Captain Chainsword’s ghost is on his way to New Hope. That should keep him busy for a while.” 
The kitten purred in agreement next to her, and Aerie laughed, the sound hollow and strange against the silence of the rotting city remnants. The wind tickled against the Memory Tree, the only remaining tree in all of New Hope, and Aerie decided that was the tree’s way of giving her a friendly response. She was near enough she could see the small breeze fluttering through its branches, making some of the burnt-brown leaves crinkle a small hello. 
She finally reached the tree. “Hello, my friend,” she whispered. Her hands reached down and pressed into the soil, studying its texture and the different sediments she found around the tree’s roots. 
“It’s still doing well,” she observed in wonder. “Even though the URS has been reporting higher concentrations of toxins lately.” Aerie suddenly wished she’d brought her gardening tools and sampling kit. As much as she knew it was frivolous, Aerie had always loved working with her mother’s small garden and learning different ways to care for plants.
Before she ended up dwelling on her final project, and Brock’s unpleasant comments, Aerie shifted Moona to her arm and carried her like a small baby as she approached the tree. 
Moona hissed in futile protest. 
“Sorry,” Aerie told her, “but if you’re going to climb the tree with me, you’re going to have to trust me.” 
The kitten gave only a hardened silence for a reply as Aerie climbed up the spotted branches of the tree swiftly. It had been several months since she found this place; she knew instinctively which branches would hold her weight and which ones would be strengthened if only the sun would shine through the clouds. 
She found her favorite branch about forty feet up from the ground and settled against the trunk. The leaves on the underside of the tree twinkled green at her, while the topside ones were a dark, rusty-looking brown.
“From here, Moona, you can almost see past the city’s horizon,” Aerie said. “I think Mom would’ve liked this place.” 
Moona yawned and curled up once more, kneading her paws into Aerie’s leg.
“I miss her,” Aerie admitted aloud. “Mom would have loved coming up here. I still take care of her small garden, you know.”
Aerie giggled as the kitten stretched. “I know I’m not supposed to call her that, you know. But somehow ‘Madame’ or ‘Unit Director’ didn’t seem right.” She frowned. “She told me in secret, when I was old enough, I could call her ‘Mom,’ but then nothing else really fit. The General would punish me if he heard me call her that in front of anyone else. To say nothing of what he would do if he found me here.” 
Having grown up in the heart of the State, Aerie knew her allegiance to the State came first. But somehow, her loyalty to her mother insisted on taking those risks, and as time went on, it was more natural to do so. 
A pungent smell wafted into Aerie’s nose. Her eyes, already damp with unshed tears, flickered shut. “Something stinks,” she muttered. She moved a reluctant Moona away and stood up, glancing around. Was it rain? Aerie glanced up at the sky. 
“Captain Chainsword’s ghost is supposed to be joining us here in New Hope,” Aerie told Moona. “I wonder if this means the URS is going to launch an attack of its own?” 
Probably. 
It’s what I would do, she thought. Tell all the people to stay underground, and then blame all the blasts and booms on the enemy. 
Not that the URS would lie to their people, unless it was for their own good, she thought with a pinch of guilt. 
Aerie gave the tree a loving pat as she scooped up Moona and tucked her into one of her coat pockets. “Sorry, Moona,” she apologized. “But we’d better go. Between the rain and warfare, you’ll be safer with me. We’ll come back when it’s clear.” 
The small kitten squirmed in initial protest, but once she realized the inside of Aerie’s uniform jacket was dark and cozy, she settled down and went to sleep. 
Aerie grinned, knowing it would be her last smile for some time. The URS required seriousness in all matters, it seemed. There was little time for fun and laughter. 
When survival is the endgame, she thought, there is nothing funny. 
She took one last look around, grateful for the small moments she had to herself; the city was far from peaceful, but being topside had settled her heart and renewed her determination to make a difference. 
“Hold on, Moona,” she muttered, before jumping skillfully into the abandoned air duct. “War might be coming, but even that can’t stop me from getting into the Military Academy today.” 

♦4♦

Exton knew from his studies that the earth had once shone with a crystal blue, brown, and green face, covered with a sporadic white veil of clouds. As the Perdition passed through the ocean of satellites and other space electronics, including the Old Republic’s International Space Station, he looked through the windshield of the Perdition and wondered if it ever would return to its previous state. 
“Probably not,” he murmured to himself, sickened yet transfixed by the sight before him. Flickers of grisly auroras snaked along the poles, shielding the darkened earth below while a relentless cloud cover, reaching from the Tropic of Cancer to the Tropic of Capricorn, sheltered the middle of the world, almost like a serpent had wound its way around the earth several times and was slowly squeezing it to death. He could clearly recall the gray underbelly of the beast from his days training in the URS.
“We’ve reached our intended altitude, Captain.” Tyler Caldwell, the ship’s Commander and his new brother-in-law, turned toward him. Before Exton could reply an affirmative response, Tyler frowned. 
“What is it?” Exton asked. 
“Did you just come from the Biovid?” Tyler asked. 
“Uh … no.” 
“Really? Because you’re tracking mud behind you.” 
Exton frowned. “Ignore it,” he ordered. “And call for Olga. Tell her to send a crewmember to come and take care of it once I’m done here.”
“Yes, Captain.” Despite the exchange, Tyler smiled before he continued with his report. “I’ve put down the anchor on the ship’s electro-fission core.” 
“Very good,” Exton commended. “See to the preparations of Captain Chainsword’s capsule.” 
“Already completed.” Tyler pointed to another screen nearby. “Emery says everyone is ready to go down on the launch pad. The preflight tests are completed, the atmosphere’s been checked … our analyst, Thora, says there is a storm brewing west of New Hope and moving eastward. It should work to our advantage, with the rain hitting their military base. Central and Western regions of the URS are clear.” 
“Excellent.” Exton nodded. “Have them prepare a place for me on the ship.” 
Tyler raised his brows. “You’re going to go down to Earth with them?” 
“Surely you don’t think just because you’re married to my sister now, you think it’s fine to challenge my decisions?” 
“I’ve almost always challenged your decisions,” Tyler reminded him. “As do most members of the Ecclesia. But you know we’re always leery when you return to Earth.” 
“I know, and it never seems to stop me,” Exton replied. He looked at the newest member of his family and faltered. Tyler was not just his best friend now; he was family, and family was family. 
In all fairness, Exton knew he couldn’t have asked for a better addition. Tyler had been at his side in the URS, and he’d been the first to rally behind Exton as captain of the Perdition. 
But even as Tyler gave his fealty, Exton could see the uncertainty lingering behind his gaze. 
“This is the tenth anniversary, Tyler. I want to honor my father,” Exton explained. “I always go.” 
Tyler sighed. “I know.” He ran a hand through his blond hair in frustration. “I guess this means I’m stuck at the helm, right?” 
“You already knew that,” Exton pointed out in a flat tone. “That’s your job as Flight Commander.” 
“Jared’s been coming along nicely with his flying exams,” Tyler countered. “I could let him pilot the ship for a bit and come with you guys.” 
Behind them, a young man close to twenty years of age suddenly jolted and straightened upright, hearing his name. Exton shot a nod in the boy’s direction. “The capsule crew has been briefed on the mission. I’ll need you to keep Perdition targeted on the eastern point of New Hope.” 
“New Hope?” Tyler repeated. Several crewmembers suddenly glanced over in his direction, their eyes wide or mouths open. 
Exton almost laughed at the sight, but decided against it. No need to give them a reason to doubt me, he thought. “Yes. Perdition will align to the coordinates of the city as we pass it in thirty minutes,” he instructed. “I think a short stop will be enough to completely devastate and demoralize the URS this year.” 
He turned and walked out, knowing there were several delayed, robotic salutes and soft whispers following him. 
“Captain,” Tyler called, stepping up beside him. They headed down the tight hallways, with Exton only half a step in front of Tyler. 
“I don’t want to discuss this with you, Tyler,” Exton told him. “I’ve already made up my mind.” 
“But I thought—” Tyler stopped, before he glanced around and lowered his voice. “I thought you were dead set against using the nukes.”
Exton balked. “We’re not going to use them. I didn’t say we were, did I?” 
“No, but how else would you ‘completely devastate and demoralize’ the URS?” 
“When you are going up against an enemy,” Exton told him, “and there is no winning him over, no agreeable compromise, and no possible way to get what you want, then what do you do?” 
Tyler just stared at him, frowning. 
“You crush his heart,” Exton answered. “That is what we’re going to do.” 
“How?” 
“The same way we do our usual business—with charges and chainsaws. I’ve got a prize in mind, and I’ll need the Perdition ready for backup.” 
“You know, Emery’s worried about you.” 
The admission came out of nowhere. While it might have upset him, Exton was secretly pleased. Tyler had run out of logical arguments, so he was going to try to appeal to his softer emotions. Nice try, Exton thought. “My sister has already expressed her concern for me. I assured her there is no great need for it.” 
“But don’t you think—”
“No, I don’t think; I know.” Exton’s mouth twisted into a painful smile. “My heart is already crushed, remember? There’s no need to worry for something that’s already been lost.” 
As Tyler stumbled behind him, Exton kept walking, stopping only when he came to the deck elevator. “But the bombs—”
“I wouldn’t worry about it, Tyler.”
“You can’t order me around like you do everyone else,” Tyler insisted. “I’m not only your friend, but I was your partner in this business long before we knew what we were getting into.”  
“If you must know, we need some more supplies,” Exton grumbled. “So I thought this was an excellent chance to kill two birds with one stone.” 
“You’re sure you’re not going to do anything crazy?” 
“Crazy?” Exton repeated as he stepped into an elevator. “Oh, it’ll be crazy. But I do promise it’s not quite as extreme as you think. In fact, it’ll be similar to our other missions.”
“Well,” Tyler remarked, clearly annoyed, “that’s a relief.” 
Exton smiled at the sarcasm before the doors closed, and he found himself descending down to Level Ten, where the ship’s transport hangar was located. 
The hangar design had been smart, and the secret launch pad was nothing short of pure genius. While the Perdition had been modeled in mostly astronomic style, the aeronautic design allowed for full and efficient use in a four-dimensional flying field.
Emery came up beside him. “I know you’re dramatic and everything, but it’s things like this that the others and I don’t like.” 
“Dramatic? I’m not dramatic.” 
Emery arched an eyebrow at him. “Yes, you are, Exton. Don’t you think the ghost of Captain Chainsword is proof of that?” 
She has me there. Exton gave her a playful sneer. “Speaking of which, I think it’s time he made his appearance.” 
Pain, heady and nostalgic, shot through him as Exton remembered how proud and seemingly invincible their father was. 
He quickly and quietly shook off his angry grief. There were more important things to worry about, after all. 
It was only fitting that he would lead the crew down and steal the “hope” right out of New Hope. 
Emery waved over to one of the cadets, a pretty, blonde-haired girl named Alice, who immediately came forward. In her hands was a large black bag. As Alice neared Emery and Exton, he could see the glowing smile on her face. 
He sighed. Every year, more and more girls on the ship attempted to get his attention, and every year he found it more and more tiresome. 
“Thank you, Alice,” Emery said, saluting the girl as she reached for the bag. “That will be all.” Alice’s smile caved at being shooed away, but Emery paid no attention to her as she thrust the bag into Exton’s arms. 
As he hurried to catch it, Exton caught the look of triumph on his sister’s face. He decided to let her savor it. For now. 
“Well, there you go,” Emery retorted. 
He opened the bag and pulled out the familiar pirate hat. “You don’t think this makes me look dashing?” he asked, putting it on his head.
“It’s a romantic notion,” Emery admitted, “but with the wig and the outfit, it’s hardly close to what I would call dashing.” 
“It goes well with the weaponry, though,” Exton told her, indicating the large portrait of Captain Chainsword’s iconic weapon on the capsule’s starboard side. “And it’s a nice tribute to Papa.” 
She wrinkled her nose. “I’m not sure he would agree with the chainsaw sword.” 
“He liked it when I made a smaller one when we were younger, when we would go collect wood for building houses and boats.” 
“I don’t think he intended you to actually threaten people with it.”
“If you want to talk about actually threatening people, maybe I should send you down to have a nice chat with Dictator Osgood so he can tell you how he runs the States.” 
“Ha! I’d likely murder the man.”
Exton sneered. “Good to see you’re not against using force where force is due, Em.” 
“We are called to protect,” Emery reminded him.
“And that’s exactly what I’m going to do. I’m going to protect us.” 
“While provoking others.” 
“Well, there’s always a price to pay when it comes to our pleasures, isn’t there?” Exton asked. “Speaking of which, you did send out that message to Osgood, right?” 
“Yes, I did send the message,” Emery informed him. She frowned. “I’d hardly believe that this is a pleasure for you, Exton.” 
“Avenging our father is the only thing that can possibly give me any pleasure at all,” Exton argued. “Dressing up as a the ghost of a fearsome space pirate while we knock out their satellites and play games with their weapon systems is hardly what I would call fun, I’ll give you that, but there’s nothing else like it.” He tugged at the hat on his head, straightening it determinedly. 
“You need to find something more amusing to do, Exton,” Emery scolded. “Or maybe less amusing, depending.”  
“I’ll have to work on that.” 
Emery frowned. “Your cynicism is just awful to deal with some days, you know.” 
“My cynicism is the only thing that’s really working to save people,” Exton defended himself. “That’s the reason we have the Biovid and the Ark, if you recall.” 
“Your intentions might be noble, if they weren’t cloaked in causing so much trouble for the URS and everyone on Earth.” 
“Two things, Em. One, the URS has caused many more problems for Earth more than I have caused.” 
“They had a head start,” Emery objected. 
Exton ignored her. “And two, if I believed they were capable of change, do you think I would have gone through such drastic measures to fight them?” 
“They did kill Papa,” Emery reminded him. “That was enough of a reason for you to defect.” 
“And you as well.” 
“Yes, me as well.” Emery sighed. “But—”
“Instead of this,” Exton said, “I could have infiltrated their ranks, picked off our father’s executioner, and worked to change the regime’s views. But not only did they rob us of our father once they killed him, all true hope for regeneration died with him. Papa was the idealist. They have no interest in letting people’s lives flourish; the URS just wants control, and we’ve seen how they’ve managed to keep it.” 
“I know,” Emery bit back. “But still—”
“Still nothing.” Exton shook his head. “This is the best chance we have to change the fate of the world, along with our own. They are done listening to the people. We must force them to listen.” 
Emery threw up her hands in exasperation. “I know.” 
“Yes, and I know you don’t like combat. But we must fight. There are only two possible outcomes for us while we’re out here on the Perdition, and neither of them are fun.” 
“Only two?” 
“Yes,” Exton asserted. “We will beat them, or they destroy us. But either way, we will live free.” 
“There might be other outcomes,” Emery insisted. “We’re working on several other projects, and the Ecclesia has recruited several people for our cause.” 
“You’re Papa’s girl, through and through, with that idealism.” 
“Better than your cynicism.” 
“I disagree with that, but I will concede there’s always a third possibility of sabotage,” Exton considered. “That’s another reason the pirate shtick is a good cover.” 
“Really?” Emery snorted. “How’s that, exactly?” 
“The fear’s in the name, in the unknown.” 
Emery frowned. “I guess if we’re going to go, you’d better get ready for takeoff.” She nodded toward the bag and then, with one last sigh, headed off to start the launch. 
Exton felt his fingers grip the bag even more tightly. Anticipation pulsated through him, and he knew, for the briefest moment, why the Ecclesia believed in the miraculous.
It was time.

♦5♦

It was time. 
“Comrade St. Cloud!” 
Aerie flinched as she heard her name called out just as she managed to slip back into the education center. 
Looks like I’m not going to have time to drop Moona off somewhere safe, she thought with a grimace. She fervently hoped none of the Generals would notice the slight bulge in the side of her uniform as she made her way to the conference room.
She spied Brock in the crowd, talking with all of his fans excitedly. No doubt reveling in his new position in the military academy, she thought. 
For a small second, she considered dropping Moona off with him, but immediately thought better of it. 
He’d probably turn me in at this rate. 
Tasting bile as she recalled their earlier conversation, Aerie strutted past him and his friends, blatantly ignoring them as she headed toward the small classroom where the Board of Generals would decide her fate. 
A PAR, a Performance Assessment Review, was necessary at the end of every year of education for each student of the URS. Members of the Board of Generals, along with a schoolmaster or instructor, examined her collective school file, with records ranging from primary school to the completion of her educational career. They would question her regarding classwork, behavior, expectations, and federal laws. 
After the final year, her eighteenth year, the Board would collectively consider and decide a future for her. She could end up in the working field, furthering her education, or going into the military. 
Given her scores in her training and academic grades, Aerie rightfully anticipated a spot at the New Hope Military Academy. I could even be assigned as one of the Emergency Responders, too, she recalled, thinking of Osgood’s speech at the graduation ceremony. 
Her assurance increased as three top Generals—including her father—asked questions she answered with confidence and aplomb.  
Aerie’s first dose of doubt came when her general education teacher, Master Harrick, cleared her throat and spoke up at the end of the questioning. 
Master Harrick did not have to raise her voice to command attention. As she stood, each of the generals seated around their table looked to her in expectancy. 
“Comrade St. Cloud has been an excellent student when it comes to academia. This is part of the reason, rather than support her in her decision to pursue a military career path, I decline in favor of sending her to a university for further study.” 
Aerie smiled in relief when General St. Cloud, her father, frowned. “I do not agree.” 
I’ll pay Master Harrick back for her impertinence one day, Aerie vowed angrily and silently, as the Master Instructor once more took her seat. 
She was glad that her father had stood up against the teacher. 
The General continued, “I recommend Comrade St. Cloud for immediate entrance into the working class.” 
“What?” Aerie gasped. The teacher’s betrayal she could handle, but the General’s denouncement of her dream was too much for her to remain silent. “But I don’t want to do that!” 
The other two generals suddenly nodded. “I see what you meant earlier,” the one muttered as he thoughtfully stroked his beard. 
“What are you talking about?” Aerie demanded to know. 
“Comrade,” General St. Cloud intoned. “Your PAR examination has revealed you have had several slips in character and your decision-making process. In the past, this was generally regarded as a phase, but this year in school has shown you are reluctant to grow out of it.” 
“I still don’t know what you are talking about,” Aerie grumbled. 
“Your final presentation to the board would be a good starting point.” His eyes, a shade darker than her own amber-colored eyes, burned into her. 
“That’s ridiculous. All reports pointed to disastrous outcomes if we started breeding poisons into pollen. My research on promoting plant growth in hostile environments was much safer and beneficial to society.” She took a step forward daringly. She knew they had to see her courage and insight for survival, rather than destruction, would serve the nation better. 
“That’s not the point of an assignment,” the other general, General Lowell, said. “The point of an assignment is to follow orders. How would this look on a battlefield if we were to command you?” 
“In the heat of battle, just like in doing research, circumstances change,” Aerie argued. “You would do better to have someone who can react and adapt to the battlefield than someone who is blindly awaiting orders!”
“That’s enough, Comrade!” 
“You are students of warfare, not students in botany and horticulture. Weaponizing pollen seeds to spout poison would easily cause the collapse of all plant life and humanity. Allowing plants to adapt to the hostile environment on the surface of the earth, and helping them to grow, can help return the Earth to a fully habitable world. Several of my samples can even be used to help reverse-engineer cures for plant toxins. My project is not only more beneficial, but it went well beyond the requirements for the one given to me.”
“Comrade St. Cloud has done exceptionally well in her gardening and horticulture electives,” Master Harrick inserted, before the generals could respond.  
“There is no need for a first-year working class graduate to worry about bigger projects,” another general, General Zike, announced. “I also do not agree with your decision to pursue a military career at this time.” 
“Nor do I,” General St. Cloud agreed. 
“I see the merit of your demeanor,” the final general, General Lowell, admitted, still rubbing his beard. “But following orders are foundational to any military concern. You have been training for this from the first day you entered into the Secondary Education Center’s program at twelve.” He nodded toward the Master Instructor. “I agree with your instructor in this. Further education might help society more than your combat skills—” 
“But my combat skills are in the top ten percent of my class!” Aerie argued. “Top five, even.” 
General Lowell eyed her grievously. “As I was saying, you might benefit the URS more by going to university to learn more than going into the combat field, where your training has left much to be desired.” His gaze softened. “Your research, while it is incorrect and against the rules, is underscored by a deep passion. I have to confess, I do not understand your desire to go to the military. While you are proficient in combat, your efforts are markedly different from your scholarly pursuits, especially in your scientific courses.” 
Aerie slumped over and stepped back, her posture one of defeat while her disposition was one of defiance. Strands of her hair, shining like fire against the bright lighting, caught her eye; the pins she’d meticulously stabbed into her head that morning were coming loose, along with her patience. 
“If her disposition is this combative, perhaps we should consider the Reeducation Program,” General Zike commented. 
Aerie’s eyes shot up, burning with rage as she looked at the man sitting next to her father. 
Reeducation was a program designed for the most difficult of students. They were rigorously given repetitive orders until their full will was broken and given over to the State. And done so rightfully, Aerie added to herself, more out of reluctant duty than personal agreement. 
“Such a process is likely too extreme,” General St. Cloud observed calmly. 
Aerie said nothing; she thought he’d taken her side against the Master Instructor earlier, only to find out he was ready to punish her even more severely. She doubted he was actually trying to help her this time. 
There is no point in getting disappointed more than you have to, Aerie decided. 
“I advocate for placing her in the Communication Sector,” General St. Cloud proposed. “Relaying information, finding solutions for different parties, and following instructions are all critical skills. We could easily have her learn her place while allowing her to fulfill her desire for more autonomy.” 
Aerie watched as the rest of the General Board shuttered, no doubt at the thought of personal responsibility. 
The Master Instructor was the only one who nodded in agreement. “Her mind, while proficient in her studies, is unaccustomed to outside discipline. Working in the Communication Sector would help provide the necessary structure she would need to become a beneficial soldier later on,” the teacher theorized. “Not to mention, working in that sector, with the demand for addressing complaints and concerns from the different regions of the State, she might overcome her persistent propensity to daydream.”
Anger and shame reddened Aerie’s cheeks, as several memories of getting punished for daydreaming in class automatically ran through her mind. 
The General nodded. “It is another trait of hers that is ill-suited for combat and military life.”  
Aerie felt the last of her optimism crumble. Rage and anger, injustice and defeat, all took their toll on her as she stood there. 
There has to be a way out of this. I am not going to do this on their terms. 
She stepped forward once more. “Generals, I shall accept your decision.” And then, without waiting to be dismissed, without saluting anyone, she turned on her heel and headed out the door. 
Regret sank in as soon as the door shut behind her; she argued with herself, finally deciding it was okay to allow herself a form of tame revolt. 
Besides, Aerie thought, it wasn’t as if she would have a choice to follow through on their decision. At least this way she could claim it was her choosing, rather than their commanding. 
Wouldn’t it be nice to believe this was a way to have some freedom? Aerie thought deviously. Freedom, or personal responsibility, was strongly discouraged by the State. When freedom was present, there was always the chance something could go wrong. 
Aerie agreed with that, but the more she visited the world on the topside of the soil, the more she suspected freedom wasn’t as bad as the Generals and Dictator Osgood made it sound. 
Of course, she recalled bitterly, there were people like Captain Chainsword who had to ruin it for everyone else. Maybe if he wasn’t around, the URS could actually let people choose the careers they wanted, rather than allowing them to pursue the path they were most likely to succeed in. 
Immediate guilt set in. 
There is no need to be treasonous because of a rough day. 
A louder voice in the back of her head screamed that this was no mere “rough day,” and she was allowed to have thoughts of her own, independent of the State’s approval. 
Aren’t I? Aerie wondered, surprised she wasn’t sure of the answer.    
“Aeris!” 
The voice of the General behind her made her snap to attention. She stopped in her tracks, not daring to turn around to face him. 
He came up beside her and crossed his arms over his chest. “I suppose you think that was clever, leaving early?”
“No, sir,” Aerie lied. 
“You’re lucky they all agreed Reeducation was too harsh of a punishment. Not to mention inefficient.” 
“I’m sorry to hear I caused disappointment.” 
“I’ve heard that line from you enough to know you don’t really mean it.” 
“What do we ever mean down here, anyway?” Aerie scoffed. “We’re told what to do, not why.” 
“Humanity has longed for these days, Aeris,” the General replied. His eyes narrowed with confident scorn. “The best life possible is not only easy to achieve, but it is fulfilling. And there is more to come.” 
“By following orders?” Aerie asked. She wrinkled her nose. “How would you even know that to be true?”
“The State says it is true, and it has kept us alive,” the General asserted. “We owe our allegiance to the State for everything it has done for us, and with the opportunities we have with the next stage of development, we will have even more, Aeris. Safety, resources, influence, and power. We owe more than our lives to the State for these, myself included. And you, too. As a result, you will obey your orders.” 
“But I don’t really want to go work in the Comms Sec,” Aerie argued. “I want to be free to make that choice myself.” 
“Freedom is dangerous,” the General growled. “Fairness is better.” 
She blinked back tears. “I wanted to get into the military. I wanted to make you proud of me.” 
For the first time Aerie could ever remember, her father’s eyes softened. “Aeris …” 
“And I wanted to show the rest of the family unit, too,” she added. “They’re never going to take me seriously if I work in communications.” 
The General’s gaze corrected its lapse. “It would be no more than you deserve,” he said, shocking her with his cold tone. “You were lucky that I was there to protect you, otherwise the State would have punished you. They know, Aeris, about your visits to the Memory Tree.” 
Aerie knew from the General’s expression her eyes easily betrayed her guilt. 
“Yes, I know about that,” he said. He gestured to the lump in her uniform. “Did you bring another cat down here?” 
“No,” Aerie quickly lied, mentally shouting at Moona to remain still. She put a protective hand over the bulge and said, “I had to pick up … some female things from our unit’s storage today.” 
He frowned. “After you brought the last cat down, I had to file all sorts of papers to make sure you would graduate. Director Phoebe was angry.” 
“I didn’t know about that,” Aerie admitted softly, grimacing further at thought of displeasing her stepmother. Phoebe was a kind and gentle figure, so mindlessly graceful her presence was often overlooked, even by her husband and stepchildren. 
“Listen, Aeris,” the General said. “You are much more like your mother”—his jaw tightened and his face flushed over at his use of the term—“than me and the rest of us in the housing unit. She liked plants and animals too, and that was why they put her in the marriage career program. They thought her talent in nurturing would make her a good breeder.” 
He paused, glaring at her. “I know how you feel about that particular career. You’re lucky you didn’t end up there.” 
Aerie knew the General was right. I don’t want to end up in a situation like Mom did, or what Phoebe has to deal with now. What is the point of having a marriage if you aren’t loved? 
Shame colored her cheeks. Love wasn’t necessary for survival; it was just a poor term for pleasure in many cases. 
Well, if you’re not going to have pleasure from a family, why have one anyway? 
Her familiar confusion with her thoughts about the unit/family situation were wiped away as her father continued.
“—heard Dictator Osgood earlier. We’re up against a persistent enemy, and we need to focus on survival. Completely changing the project you are assigned by the State is wrong,” he insisted. “You cannot win by making up your own rules.”
“This isn’t supposed to be a game,” Aerie argued.
“Survival is not a game,” he agreed, “so stop treating it like one.” 
“I’m not!” 
“Fine. Then you will put in your time for your disintegration and nonconformity. You will work at the Comms Sec, and if you put in a good year of it, I will see to it that you have another chance to petition for the Military Academy.”
“A whole year?” 
That long?! 
“It would be good for you, Aeris,” he told her, surprising her with a softened, almost sympathetic, tone. “There have been a lot of developments with our communications program. The URS just released the newest version of NETech.”
“NETech? You mean the NET?” Aerie asked. She frowned, recalling the various lectures she had attended on it. The technology had been specially designed with her horticulture instructor, Master Specter, as a lead consultant on the project. 
“Yes. With your background in research and plants, it would be good for you to go and work with the Comms Sector. It’s being further integrated in our battle gear as we speak.” The General sighed. “That, of course, is classified information. But it could change our situation with the ghost of Captain Chainsword and our other enemies. Caledon and Dorian have tested it. Serena’s even used it for Med Comms. I want you to get in where you can help not only the URS, but our unit as well.” 
The General’s reasoning, while it was intended to make her feel better (she assumed), didn’t sound promising. Instead, it made her feel used. 
“Starting tomorrow, at 800 hours, young lady. Go get the address and stop by the uniform center for a proper worker’s suit before you leave.”
Aerie ducked her head in shame and reluctant obedience. What other choice do I have? “Yes, sir.”
“I’ll see you in the dining hall with the other unit members. We’ll celebrate your graduation and assignment.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“The rest of our unit will find out your assignment soon enough,” the General told her. “You might as well show some humility. Remember, there is no reason to feel as though you have failed. You will be placed in a job where you will be of most use to the Revolutionary States until you will be considered for reassignment.” 
“I still don’t want to eat with the family.” 
“Aeris.” 
The warning made her dip her head in quick apology. The terminological difference between "family" and "unit" had been permanently sealed off for discussion. 
“I should hate to think you deserve to go to the Reeducation Center after all,” the General remarked. Then surprisingly, his voice softened. “Why don’t you invite Comrade Rearden to dinner? He’s your best friend, isn’t he? He’s a good fighter. He’s been given a ship in the same pilot test program Caledon and Dorian are in.” 
Aerie was a bit surprised by the suggestion, and even more by the realization the General knew Brock’s name. 
Brock’s dreams came true. Seeing him at dinner, where her unit would look on her with proud disappointment, was too much to contemplate.
Aerie slumped over as she realized she wouldn’t be able to go to the ball with him without embarrassing him. 
She pursed her lips together tightly before abruptly turning around and hurrying away. Tears stung her eyes, but she refused to give in to the pressure to release them. 
“Aeris, wait.” 
“General St. Cloud, sir,” a voice called out from down the hall. Aerie could see a woman in uniform headed toward him. “Victor, we need you for the next PAR.” 
Aerie could barely hear the General’s sigh as he turned away; she didn’t have to look back to know he would let her go. 
After her mother had died, he always managed to find a way to leave her.
It worked out for the best. She had no intention of following orders. At least, not right away.
“Aerie!” Brock’s voice called out as he came up to her and took her hand, gripping it excitedly. “Did you hear? I’ve been accepted into the Academy, and I’ve performed enough in school to get preferential treatment. I begin pilot training tomorrow!” 
“That’s great, Brock.” Aerie pulled away from him. “You’ll have to tell me all about it sometime.” 
“Before you know it, I’ll get a chance to blast Captain Chainsword right out of the sky!” 
“I’m sure you will.” 
“This is the best day,” Brock said with a grin. “Did you get your assignment?” 
“Yes,” she said. “It’s not exactly what I wanted.” 
“You can still come with me to the Academy Ball, though, right?” His hand found hers once again. “Now that everything’s finally settled, I can be a bit more open with you. I was worried if I told you that I wanted to escort you to the ball earlier, your­­—er, General St. Cloud—might have found a way to keep me from the military.”
“What are you talking about?”
His eyes widened in surprise. “General St. Cloud has certain standards for the people that he lets you spend time with. I thought it was better to make sure my career was stable before I asked you to the ball.”  
“Wait, the General has standards for people who spend time with me? And you’re asking me to the military ball?” Aerie blushed. “But I’m—” 
“I mean, only if it’s okay with General St. Cloud, of course. I wouldn’t want to upset him. You’re his youngest charge, and I know he probably isn’t happy about just anyone taking you out.” 
Aerie tightened her hand around his, briefly, before letting go. “I’ll have to ask him about that,” she said, before the pressure behind her eyes was too much. “Excuse me.” 
She rushed off before he could see her cry. 
 

♦6♦

For the longest moment of her life, all she could think about was jumping. 
Aerie didn’t know when she started to contemplate that idea, but once she realized it, all the hurt and disappointment that had slowly seeped into her heart reached full maturation. 
“Stupid. Don’t think like that. Stupid.” Aerie put her head in her hands, upset but still maintaining her balance perfectly on the upper branches of the Memory Tree. Her body adjusted into the large tree’s sloppy hug, the pain of the tree’s ridges more comforting to her than any pleasure she’d known.  
The Memory Tree was a place of happiness for her. There was nothing she loved to do more than climb its limbs, take refuge under its wide branches, and curl up beside its strong trunk.  
She traced the hardened bark, letting her fingers brush over some new lichens beginning to take root along the acid stains and patches where pollution had sunken in, almost as if her mother’s memory would absorb her pain. 
It was supposed to be a happy day. 
She recoiled with shame, playing back the events of the day: The lackluster graduation, the intolerable PAR, her father’s rebuke, Brock’s attempts at securing a date and a future, and the nonexistent chances of accepting his invitation to the military ball … 
Ending it, permanently, would just add to the overall horror.
And there was another reason why jumping would be idiotic, she thought. The General and the rest of her family unit would know she’d done it deliberately, especially after all the times they saw her climb in combat class. Then they would have even more reasons to hide their faces from public scrutiny at her wasted death.
Especially after today, she thought. Doomed to work in the Comms Sec! 
Thunder crackled around her, startling Moona and making Aerie flinch. 
Of course. 
Of course it was going to rain, and of course she’d forgotten all about that from earlier. The rest of the day had been particularly and devastatingly uncooperative. Why not the weather, too? 
Aerie gazed up through the tree branches, peering at the clouds. Their shadows darkened with the oncoming night. The air was not as sharp as she would have expected, but the rumbling in the distance could only mean rain. 
Someone had once said that half of Earth should have been kept safe from human activity, protected from all human interaction. If the war of the Old Republic hadn’t broken out, would most of the remaining humans still have found their way underground, leaving the top of the world to be largely reclaimed by nature? 
She could only wonder as the sky darkened ominously. 
The buildings, covered with their rusty moss and climbing vines, reflected off fragmented beams, making the world around her into a mirror of sorts, intensifying the hollowness surrounding her.
But all the loneliness in the empty world around her was more welcoming than the prospect of eating the evening meal with her housing unit. She knew what would happen. Her two older unit members, her brothers Dorian and Caledon, would come home from the military bases where they worked, and Serena, still working through her final year of military training, would stop by long enough to pretend she had nowhere else to go. Later, she would slip away to meet up with her friends or one of her many admirers.
They would find out Aerie failed to get into the academy, as she had been proclaiming she would do since she was twelve, and spend the rest of the time making slighted and veiled jabs at her. (In-fighting was discouraged by the State.)
It was even possible Brock would stop by, as he had been a frequent guest in the past two years. After finding out she was not accepted into the military, he’d probably promptly wish her a grand life and take his leave. 
He might even offer his sympathies to the General on his way out, too. 
Aerie paused in her critique. He seemed interested in asking her to the ball. Was it possible she was judging Brock too harshly? Aerie wondered. 
Was it true what her Master Instructor said? Did she daydream too much? Too much to see the real world for what it really was? 
“What do you think, Moona?” she asked, petting the kitten who once more purred out pure affection in her lap. 
“Mew,” was the only response she received, but Aerie embraced it. 
“You’re right,” she agreed. “There has to be more to the world than just … this.” Daydreaming is necessary to see the world as it could be. 
Of course, there were other nation-states under the URS. Perhaps she could go live in one of those towns. They were not as centralized or militarized as the capital. Surely, out there, among all the other regions, there were places where housing units went by the actual name of “family,” and no one bothered to correct her with a tone drenched in disgust when she called it such. 
But how to get there? And what would happen if she couldn’t find any place to truly call home? 
She sighed. It was better to live with the hope of freedom than to actually go and try to find it. 
Wasn’t it? 
A crackle of thunder rumbled across the sky, as lightning flashed, as if to answer her question. 
Aerie winced. “Come on, Moona,” she said, picking up the cat. “I can’t take you down to weather out the storm with me, but I can try to find you a safe place before the storm hits.” 
Moona objected, swiping her claws at Aerie as she tried to move her. 
“Hey!” Aerie frowned. “Come on, Moona, don’t be like that.”
Moona hissed at her, and then launched off Aerie’s shoulder, heading up higher into the tree branches. 
“Come back here!” Aerie demanded. She felt the wind pick up, and thunder roared in her ears. Her fingers tingled, and suddenly fear began to trickle through her. “Moona!” Her voice nearly cracked as she called. 
Aerie glanced down at the ground, and then back up at her wayward cat, weighing her options. 
“Mew,” the kitten replied, nearly ten feet higher up in the tree. 
Aerie sighed. “Hold still,” she ordered in a tight voice. “I’m coming for you.” 
The smug expression on the kitten’s face made Aerie frown, but a moment later she emerged triumphant. “Ah-ha! Got you!” 
Sirens from the Military Base suddenly began to sound. 
The thunder grew sharper, and its booming dwindled down into a piercing cry. Aerie almost dropped Moona as a gust of wind blew into the buildings around her; at the last second, she swiveled around and ducked into a small dip in the Memory Tree’s trunk, fighting hard to breathe as dust and shards of all materials went flying by.
Several shots and missiles plunged into the nearby buildings, sending them crashing down to the ground below.
Aerie coughed and sputtered as ash and soot were slung into her mouth. Before she could move, a fireball came sprouting up behind her. The ground trembled and shook as the dust refused to settle down. 
The familiar shriek of a URS fighter jet scorched through the air above as more bombs dropped around her. 
“No,” she gasped, tightening her grip on the tree. Moona struggled against her, but Aerie managed to tuck the kitten into her uniform jacket once more. “Stay!” she sputtered, as she scrambled to get a better look at the sight before her.  
With the wind still pummeling her, Aerie started climbing up to the top of the branches. She glanced down to see the slightest shadow of dirt and ground. A moment of vertigo set in, and she shut her eyes. To think she’d thought about jumping not twenty minutes before!
Of course, climbing up the tree had to be just as stupid as jumping from it. 
As she finally caught a glimpse of the sight before her, she knew all the reason in the world could not have stopped her when it came to satisfying her curiosity. 
A gray space shuttle was speeding through the fire and wreckage toward the Memory Tree. Aerie started to scream as death came hurdling toward her. 
Suddenly, the shuttle’s nose opened up to reveal several serrated drills, before it launched vigorously into the ground. 
For a moment, Aerie’s scream went silent, choked back by uncertainty. What is going on?!
The New Hope Military Base was off on the other side of the city, and the education and living quarters were scattered throughout underground. The only thing of any real importance around here was …
“No!” Aerie called out, as the tree underneath her buckled and started to fall over. The shuttle’s impressive power surged underground, scooping up the roots of the tree, scattering its home from the dirt, and desecrating the rocks and sediment that harbored the source of its life. 
Aerie clung to the tree as it shifted under the pressure. Her hands gripped onto the smaller branches as others snapped under the applied force. She almost thought of yelling for help, but between the dashes of darkness and the spurts of light and battle, she didn’t know if she would survive—or if survival was even the better option between imprisonment and torture from the ghost of Captain Chainsword and his MENACE supporters. 
A gush of air rushed out of the enemy’s shuttle as its payload bay doors burst open and a large excavator unfolded. 
Above all the noise—the sirens, the sky fighters, the rumbling of the earth, the crying of the sky, the last tremble of the Memory Tree as its top branches snapped—nothing was able to drown out his voice. 
“Crush its heart!” 
Aerie felt her own heart crumble in the process, and the tears she’d clung to so ardently before were released. “No,” she whispered. 
Several soldiers appeared, forming a circular barrier around the tree. Their weapons, ranging from smaller guns to larger bazookas, were all trained on the jets scorching the skies around them.  
Another blast sounded out from the skies as a rocket rumbled into the earth not far from her. She could feel the shake of the foundations of the remaining buildings. 
Aerie screamed as she scrambled, clinging to the tree with only her fingertips as it collapsed into the upheaval of dirt and rock. A blanket of rods suddenly smashed into her back. She cried out and felt her voice drown in the surrounding fury.
The excavator grasped onto the trunk of the tree and pulled.
Something warm and familiar matted her hair. Blood, she realized, as Moona squirmed in futile rebellion, trapped inside her uniform jacket. She tried to move her legs, only to realize they were caught in a pile of mud and sticks. Even her hair was getting tangled in the floppy twigs, the sodden rust, and soft buds.
“Collect the tree,” the stranger’s voice called out. “To the starboard side, rotate fifty-three degrees.”
“Fighters, Captain, coming in!”
A sense of the surreal overtook Aerie. The ghost of Captain Chainsword had come. She shifted slightly to her right, trying to get a good look at him. Only a tall shadow, crowned with a pirate’s hat, became clear in the flashes of bombs and laser strikes, surrounded by the guard of his warriors.
“Hold them off,” the captain commanded. He raised his hand, revealing his long sword, decorated with a chainsaw down its length. Energy radiated from the hilt as the chainsword ignited with power. 
Aerie felt pain unleash through her as he brought down the blade, like he was cutting her heart instead of her tree. 
The excavator lifted and turned again, freeing Aerie’s legs but forcing her to hold on once more as the tree was hoisted into the air. “I’m sorry, my friend,” she whispered as tears filled her eyes.
The chainsword continued to whir. Branches dropped and leaves were cut down. Other shadows joined in, and soon the tree was free from the ground that had been its home for centuries.
Aerie remained silent, weakening as her grip and adrenaline faded. Her enthusiasm, her usual gusto for battle, and even the sounds of the battle itself, faded as blood continued to pour out from the gash on her head. 
After what seemed to be an eternity, the buzzing of the enemy’s swords faded.
“Contain it,” the captain ordered, “and burn the remnants and the surrounding area. Not even a seedling must remain.”
Aerie felt silence once more subdue her as the tree was packed into the shuttle. Robotic arms secured it, their straps binding her legs and torso under the layer of remaining branches. Aerie was trapped.
“Pull back,” the captain called. “Prepare for takeoff!”  
As Moona moaned a small mew! from her pocket, Aerie’s survival instincts kicked in and she screamed. 
But the pressure of takeoff, combined with the pain of her bleeding wound, fought against her. Aerie saw her vision blur before she slipped into the nothingness of unconscious slumber. 

♦7♦

Once the capsule’s payload doors shut, Exton turned to his crew. “Get us out of here,” he shouted to Emery, who was at the controls. 
Another fighter jet was making its run on the horizon.  
“Launch prep,” Emery called, while her co-pilot quickly complied. 
The other crewmembers buckled in after securing the Memory Tree, while Exton hurried them along. Seconds later, the capsule’s boosters fired up and they were off. 
Just in time to avoid getting hit with an explosive charge. 
“Activate cannons,” Exton called to his gunners. “Return fire only if necessary.” 
“Yes, Captain,” came the response. 
A rare feeling of relief, mingled in with the barest traces of regret, settled into Exton. He was glad when the pulsar engines roared to life and the small ship began to speed against the atmosphere. 
He hadn’t been expecting such a show. 
Grant Osgood was known for his frugality as much as his thoroughness. It’s almost a shame to have the man as an enemy, Exton thought. The man’s principles in economy, both in power and resources, strongly aligned with Exton’s own. 
“We’re taking on heavy fire,” Emery called. “Prep for evasive maneuvers!” 
But then, Osgood’s survival didn’t depend on the use of his resources the way he and his crew did. 
Still, the fighter strikes, with their fission charges and raid bombs, were still more excessive than he’d anticipated. It was decidedly out of character for the URS Dictator. 
As Emery swerved to avoid the last of the attacks and the capsule’s weapons pierced the last of the oncoming missiles, Exton decided the attack warranted further investigation. 
“Approaching the mother ship,” Emery announced. 
Was it possible that Osgood wanted to cause a scene? Or was he really frightened by the thought of Captain Chainsword’s ghost making a mockery of his nation? 
“Prepare for landing.” 
Something is wrong, Exton thought. He wasn’t sure what exactly, but there was something wrong. 
“Setting down in three … two … one.” The small ship jolted as its landing gear made contact with the inner hangar of the Perdition. 
As the other crew members unbuckled and began moving, Exton sat still, frowning at the monitor in front of him.
“What is it?” Emery asked as she came up beside him. 
“Have the Capsule’s record taken up to Tactics. I want it analyzed. Something’s not right.” 
“You know, it is possible you feel bad about attacking the URS out of revenge,” Emery told him. “Guilt is an appropriate response. I can see why that would feel wrong to you.” 
“It’s not guilt,” Exton assured her. “I’m not sorry to tell you that, either,” he added, looking at her scrunched-up face. “The Ecclesia doesn’t approve of the attacks, and I know it, Em. Remember? I approved the measure that says you don’t have to come down with me when we go.” 
“I might not approve of your actions,” Emery said, “but I still love you, Exton. You are my only brother and I want to be by your side.” 
He only shrugged.
“Besides,” she added with a grin, “I’m the best pilot you have onboard the Perdition.” 
Despite his concerns, Exton grinned. “Does Tyler agree with you on that?” 
“Of course. We’re well aware you promoted him to Commander just to keep him busy.”
When Exton said nothing, Emery sighed. “You know,” she said, “you can always return the tree if you’re so worried about it.” 
“No, we needed more water,” Exton said. “We’d been running low on new water since our last run down to see Aunt Patty. And after that, there’s nothing more fitting for this tree than a sacrificial death. Might as well be one worth remembering, don’t you think?”  
“You always did like irony just a bit too much,” Emery told him as she switched off the engine and finalized the landing process. “I’m going to make my reports up in the Command Center.” 
“Tell Tyler we made it just fine for me,” Exton called after her. “No nukes.” 
As she rolled her eyes and hurried down the exit ramp, Exton nearly laughed, but the feeling of discontent had only sunken into him more deeply. 
A voice came over the intercom system. “Captain, there’s a problem in the cargo hold of the capsule.” 
“On my way,” Exton muttered as he stood up, more to himself than anyone in particular. 
Is it possible something went wrong when we stole the Memory Tree? Exton wondered. 
When he appeared through the entrance to the cargo hold a moment later, Exton saw the few members of the capsule crew were standing, motionless, at the base of the tree’s roots. “Hey,” he spoke up. “Are you going to move this to the Biovid for water stripping or not?” 
The crewmembers visibly flinched at his voice. One crewmember stepped forward. “It’s just we were … concerned about that, Captain,” he said with a repentant gulp, pointing his finger at a small pair of shadowed eyes squinting from under the base of the trunk. 
Exton sighed. He tried to recall how many years the crewmembers had been with him, and that not all of them had been around animals much before joining the ship. A moment later, he gave up; there was no point in using up all his energy for patience when he could put it into action. “It’s just a cat.”  
“A cat we have not pre-screened for any bugs or insects or diseases,” another crewmember spoke up. She nodded toward the decontamination suits hanging up in the hangar. “Should we proceed to process it, sir?” 
Exton reached down and let the cat sniff his fingers. “I think we’ll be okay with a simple decontamination,” he said. “No need to kill it.” 
“But sir—”
“It’s just a cat,” Exton said. “Barely that, even. It looks malnourished, and in need of a bath, but I don’t see the harm in—ouch!” He snatched back his hand as the kitten’s claws slashed across his knuckles. 
The kitten meowed and scampered up the tree branches. Exton jumped up to follow it, determined to grab it as his subordinates suppressed their smiles. “Come back here!” Exton called. “This is no time for games … ”
His voice faltered as the cat ceased its run and settled down on a snapped branch. As the cat snidely flicked its tail, Exton felt his breath inhale sharply. 
Underneath the branch was a woman. 
“What’s wrong, Captain?” the second crewmember called out. 
“There’s a person up here,” he said, moving toward her. He knelt down and grasped at the branches, then snapped them off. “She’s trapped here in the tree.” 
Exton pushed further in. His first impression of the woman was similar to a sprite from his books and stories as a kid; with her eyes closed, she looked just like a fairy sleeping in the crevice of the old tree. Her long red hair fanned out behind her, while her arms were limp against the trunk. 
When he saw the crewmembers only glance at each other, the same surprised expression on their faces, Exton felt his anger bubble. “What are you waiting for?” he growled. “Go and retrieve a medic. See if you can get a stretcher up here for her.” 
The crewmembers nodded as they hustled for the nearest exit. 
“Alert my sister,” Exton called after them. “She’ll need to see to this lady’s care.” He watched as they exited the ship before going back to untangling the woman from the tree’s protection. 
“What did you do to my tree?” 
Great, she’s waking up, he thought as he stifled a groan. He freed her from the overlapping branches and brackets as she stirred, trying his best to pull her out of the jumbled mess. 
“Ow,” she muttered. “My hair.” 
“I’ll get it,” Exton muttered. “Give me a second.” He saw her hair curled around some of the smaller lichens and buds. Reaching over, he gently tugged the twigs and leaves free. 
He was surprised by her hair. It seemed to have a mind of its own as he patted it down and faced its refusal. “It’s like it’s growing out of the tree instead of you,” he said, surprised to hear his thoughts said aloud as he finished breaking off the seedlings. 
Exton watched in amusement as the cat took off after the broken twigs, batting at the loosened twigs with its paws. 
He carefully pulled her up to a sitting position, before attempting to pick her up and put her on her feet. She stumbled as he stood her up. Instinctively, he pulled her against his chest as he steadied her.
Something inside his heart lurched uncomfortably, almost painfully, as she stood there in his arms. “It’ll be okay,” he told the woman. And himself. 
The last thing he wanted to feel was guilt. 
He loosened his grip and looked down at her, trying to get a good assessment. The flame-red hair was the first thing he’d noticed, and not just because of the color. With her uniform identifying her as a typical URS citizen, her long hair seemed out of place. Many soldiers and students kept their hair short, to keep it out of the way. When survival mattered most, he recalled, there was little time for extravagance. 
She seemed young, too, though that could have been from her size; she was at least half a foot shorter than he was. 
Through the various layers of his Captain Chainsword disguise, he could feel warmth radiating from her. Was it possible she had a fever? 
“Thank you,” the woman murmured, her arms curling around him, her fragile grip reminding him she needed care. 
“For what?” Exton asked, belatedly recalling he did not deserve any thanks. He was the one responsible for her being there in the first place. 
The grip around his chest tightened painfully. “For freeing me,” she said, before slamming her foot down on his instep. 
“Ouch!” Exton scrambled back, but her grip on his outer coat remained constant. He rolled back onto the trunk of the tree, just in time for her to land a new blow to his rib cage.
“Can you just calm down?” he muttered, trying not to let the flustered, angry harpy he found straddling him get the better of his pride as well as his power. 
“Take that,” the woman cried out as she struck out again. 
Exton slid to the side just in time to feel the power of her fist fly past him. “Hold on a moment,” he called, grabbing her hands. “What are you doing?” 
“What I was trained to do, Captain!” The sarcastic reply forced out the last of any possible sympathy he might have thought he had for her. 
His grip tightened on her hands as he rolled off the tree trunk, taking her with him. Exton managed to land on his feet, even as the woman launched several attacks against him. 
“Nice.” Impressed more than annoyed, Exton attempted to block a roundhouse kick. “I guess I can rule you out as a refugee.” She caught herself before she slammed into the tree trunk after he pushed her away. “They usually aren’t strong enough to put up a fight.” 
Especially considering you had no preparation or protection during takeoff, he added silently.  
“It’s good to know that the ghost of Captain Chainsword has not only a body, but a brain as well,” the lady snapped, pushing back her bushel of red hair as she maintained a battle stance. “Let’s see if you can bleed, too.” 
“You’re welcome to try. You certainly wouldn’t be the first Osgood underling to do so.” 
Her eyes finally caught his. At the sight of her golden brown eyes, he stilled. 
Her eyes were familiar and foreign all at once. The color called him to the world of his home and his youth, even as the rising fear and anger lingering behind her gaze anchored him to the present moment.
A sudden, unexpected stab of compassion sank into his heart as Emery’s earlier words came back to haunt him: We are called to protect. 
It was time to change tactics, he decided grimly. Exton took a defensive stance. “Unfortunately, that would assume that I have a heart as well,” he said, giving her a mocking grin. “And that’s hardly likely. I am a pirate, after all.” 
She followed him, lashing out another kick. He easily knocked it aside, but grunted as she landed another punch to his chest. 
“Are you that determined to find out?” he asked. 
“You destroyed my tree,” she cried. “I’ll kill you for what you’ve done!” 
She’s upset about the tree? Exton frowned as he delivered a glancing blow to her shoulder. “You might be one of Osgood’s pets, but you surprise me.”  
She stumbled momentarily. “Why would you be surprised that a student of the URS is trying to kill you?” 
“Maybe I meant that you were more poorly trained than I’d expected.” 
Another strike lashed out at him. “You have an advantage,” she accused, “of being an old man used to space travel.”
Exton almost laughed, recalling he was still in his pirate costume. “Having an advantage is supposed to be the key to survival.”
“There’s no honor in winning a fight like that,” she bit back.
“Another reason why defecting from the URS was the best decision of my life,” he told her. “When survival is the only thing that matters, there is no proper place for honor—unless you consider it a victor’s prize.” 
She fumbled for balance as he struck her at the hip and managed to get a hold of her, trapping her between the tree and his body. “There is no prize for being a monster,” she objected. 
Exton met her eyes with his. “If I was truly a monster,” he told her slowly, softly, “I might consider you my prize.” 
She stiffened underneath him while he allowed himself a second to contemplate that exact temptation. 
“Maybe I should consider you a gift instead?” He grinned humorlessly. “I’ll have to thank Osgood later, when I send the URS the usual transmission following one of my victories.” 
“Augh!” The anger intensified as she managed to wriggle free and lash out, landing another blow to his chest. 
Exton gasped in surprise and clutched at his chest. Third time’s the charm, he thought grudgingly as his fingers brushed over the bruised area. He sucked in his breath sharply as the pain intensified. 
No doubt about it. She had bruised a rib—possibly two. 
Before he could rebound or retreat, he heard a distinct gasping noise. He saw the woman with the red hair and golden eyes crumple to the floor, revealing the woman behind her.  
Exton nearly laughed in relief before recalling his chest pain. “Emery.”
“Exton, are you okay?” 
“I’ll be fine,” he insisted. “What did you do to her?” 
Emery held up the small injection tube in her hand. “Sedative.”
“Oh. Good move. Good timing, too.” Exton reclined on the floor, pulling at his costume’s overcoat. 
“She managed to hurt you?” Emery put down the empty plunger in her hands and hurried over to her brother, skillfully skirting around the woman she’d just knocked out.
“So it seems,” Exton said. He placed his hand over his ribcage again, rubbing it as the pinching pain seized him. “All this pirate padding, and none of it seems to be effective against the venom of the URS.”
Emery shook her head. “I’m torn between telling you that you deserved it and wondering if I should’ve gotten something more powerful than a tranquilizer.” 
“There’s no need to kill her, especially on my account.” 
Before Emery could respond, the medic team came up into the cargo bay of the capsule, and Exton allowed them to fuss over him. It was preferable to answering all of his sister’s questions. 
Exton felt his heartbeat swell into his ears as he gazed at the woman. Everything else—one medic taking off his pirate wig, another injecting serum into his bruise, Emery alternating her conversation from how this could have happened to blaming the URS for sending an assassin up to kill him—faded as he held onto his heart and watched the woman. 
It wasn’t until Emery asked what he wanted to do with her that he jerked himself out of his own thoughts. 
“Take her to a secure medical ward,” he heard himself say. “I want to ask her more questions after I chat with General St. Cloud and his fearless Daddy Dictator.” 
“Are you sure about that, Exton?” Emery inquired. “She could be dangerous.” She nodded pointedly at the swelling bruise on the left side of his chest, as the medic finished covering it a cooling patch. 
“What else would you have me do with her?” Exton asked. “Leave her here or throw her overboard, maybe? She’s not a refugee, and she’s not a recruit. Besides a decent fighter, I’m not really sure what she is.”
“She’s clearly a cadet,” one of the medics said as he began taking note of her vitals. “The uniform alone stands out, as her social rank and educational achievements are displayed on her collar.”
“Let me see,” Emery ordered. 
“I figured that much out,” Exton said grudgingly. “I didn’t think she was an assassin.” 
“She’s a graduate,” Emery announced, holding up the ranking badges. “Not in university, not in military.” 
“It is close to graduation time for the secondary levels,” the other medic spoke up in a timid voice. “That was part of the reason we picked this day to strike, wasn’t it?” 
Exton turned and glared at the medic, who promptly returned to her work in silence. 
“It’s possible,” Emery admitted, drawing attention back to her. “If she’s a new graduate, that would put her close to eighteen. She’d be young enough to be trained in newer combat routines. That would explain how her attack was successful.” 
“I’d hardly call this successful,” Exton objected. “She nicked my ribs some, that’s all. You know I’m a good fighter, Emery, and I keep up with the new training.” 
“I didn’t mean to imply you are a bad fighter,” Emery insisted, incensed. “But she did manage to do some damage.”   
“Barely,” he retorted, though his fingers gripped his chest more tightly. “This guy”—he jerked his thumb in the direction of the nearest medic—“just gave me the serum for it to heal. I’ll be working again in less than a rotation.” 
“But—”
“And I’m hardly old, even though I happen to look it at the moment,” Exton added. He scowled at her as he straightened his wig.
Emery suddenly giggled, distracting him from his argument. 
“What?” 
“I can’t tell if it was me or her,” Emery said, “but I can tell your pride’s been trampled a bit.”  
A small mew caught both of them off guard. 
“Oh, my,” Emery shrieked. “What is that thing?” She pointed toward the shadowed eyes staring down at her.
“Calm down, Em,” Exton said. He placed his head in his hands as he realized he’d forgotten about the cat. “Whose pride were we just concerned about here?”   
“What is it?”
“It’s just a cat,” Exton told her. He glanced down at the scratches on his hand. “Although demon might be more fitting.”
The cat seemed eager to agree with him. It bounced down and curled up on his knee. 
“Well, look at that,” Emery said. “It likes you.” 
Exton arched an eyebrow down at the cat, which ignored him and began bathing itself. 
“A demon who likes a ghost,” Exton said with a shrug. “If insulting you is all it took to get you to like me,” Exton muttered to the kitten, “we’ll have to see how that works on your mistress here.”
“Mew,” was all the response he received. 
“Why don’t you come with me while I go and talk to the URS?” Exton asked, petting the cat between its ears. 
“Really, Exton?” Emery raised her brows in surprise. 
“What?”
“You never seemed to like animals before.” 
“Maybe it’s more that none of them have ever seemed to like me,” he said, picking up the cat before turning his attention back to the woman. “Place her under guard and medic watch. Notify me when she wakes up. I’d like to talk with her some more, preferably while she’s strapped down and unable to puncture my lung.” 
Emery frowned. “You sure she didn’t get you on the head as well?” 
“I’m fine,” Exton insisted. “Have Tyler call the attendants into the Biovid so we can find a good grounding for the tree. Get Bruce and his lumberjack crew to get started trimming it down and drawing out its water and resources. I have some gloating to do.” 
Exton saw the shifting uncertainty in Emery’s gaze, but his tenacity won out. “Well, if you’re sure,” Emery said. “I can’t argue with you. Here’s your hat.” 
“Thanks.” Exton took his pirate hat and placed it back on his head, carefully readjusting the wig once more as he settled into his pirate persona. “Wouldn’t want to look sloppy for His Excellency.” 


♦8♦

Before she even opened her eyes, Aerie could feel the chains wrapped around her wrists, trapping them beside her torso. Her bonds were strong but light, with a coarse fabric lining providing a thin layer of intended comfort. It was their restraint that provoked her to full consciousness. Aerie cursed her curiosity, even as she couldn’t ignore its calling.  
I just can’t resist finding out what kind of trouble I’m in, can I? 
Grogginess slowly left her mind as light blurred into vision and shadows transformed into shaded colors. Fear sharpened inside her as she remembered she was in enemy territory. 
For a moment, Aerie squeezed her eyes shut, unsure if she wanted to recall or block out all her training on the torture practices of MENACE and the depravity of Captain Chainsword.
The number one rule: Never get captured. It was better to die in a fight than to be left at the mercy of the enemy. 
Since she’d already broken that rule, Aerie realized, she would have to face the consequences. A new barrage of images, ranging in degree of torture and humiliation, followed either quickly or slowly by death, raced through her mind. Anxiety and fear, coupled with an adrenaline rush, caused her hands to shake as she fought against her bonds. 
“Come on, come on,” she muttered to herself. Moments passed before she bit her lip, trying to block out the pain in her wrists and hold back her desperation. 
Long moments passed before she finally gave up, tired and sore. She slumped back against the pillow behind her. 
It was then she realized the straps contained slim tubes, carefully tucked into her skin. 
She glanced around and noticed she was in a room that looked more like a medical ward than a torture chamber. 
Which it could be, so far as I know.  
Aerie squeezed her eyes shut, trying to recall what had happened. She remembered clinging to the tree as it was knocked over and hauled … into a space shuttle. 
Captain Chainsword’s shuttle. 
Her eyes opened as though she was seeing it, reliving it all. 
She recalled the pain in her head, the roaring of both battle and blastoff, as the pressure pounded against her body; the shuttle had launched, packing her in along with the tree before it took off for the final frontier. Rage burned into her, realigning her ability to focus even as gravity’s shadow had finally overwhelmed her, just in time to launch into an attack against the man responsible for her pain. 
Tears flecked her eyes as her gaze finally saw past herself. She gasped in surprise. The ceiling was a crisscrossing pattern of steel-enforced windows, revealing the starry night outside the ship. 
Clear of clouds and free of haze, the light dancing on the earth winked at her, as the world twirled slowly, steadily, outside her room. 
Aerie did not know how long she stared, surprised at the simple beauty. 
It was when the whispers reached her that she jerked her attention back to the situation at hand. Four crew members, all dressed in white coats, chatted easily together as they walked into the room. None of them seemed to notice she’d woken up. Aerie saw the insignia on their sleeves—a sharp, four-pointed star, with four smaller rays reaching out from its heart. It gleamed in the middle of an eye-shaped border.
Clearly not the URS, Aerie thought, and not the scrawling calligraphy of MENACE.
Confusion hit her. Dictator Osgood had been adamant that Captain Chainsword—or his ghost, anyway—had been in tight friendship with MENACE. Who were these people? 
They looked like medics, but they could also be her tormentors. 
The door opened again. Aerie turned to see a man walk into the room. His uniform was dark gray in color, and there was an air of authority in his movement; when the other medics nodded to him as they scurried out of his way, Aerie nearly cheered at her estimation. No doubt this man was a commander or doctor of some sort. 
Probably a commander, since he was armed, she reasoned, noting the weapon in the holster at his side.
The man pulled out a screen and a stylus, and then turned his full attention on her. 
Immediately, Aerie felt a rush of shyness. His eyes were the lightest blue she’d ever seen, like the sky in some of the old textbooks on display at the education center. His hair was dark and a bit longer than the General would have liked, and definitely messier than Brock would have dared. 
After a moment, Aerie decided she liked it. And it seemed to suit the man in front of her. After all, what was authority but freedom with responsibility?
She almost slipped up and smiled at him before her mind screamed at her, forcing her to remember this was the enemy. An enemy who would willingly cause her great suffering. Someone who could break her, claim her, destroy her. Someone she should fight against until she was empty of all power. 
“What is your name?”
It was his voice that revealed him. 
His words echoed throughout the medic ward, a large room, empty of all but the two of them. Aerie felt the sound bounce off the walls and back around while it sunk in just who this man was—and how she was completely at his mercy. 
Instantly, her demeanor changed, heightening her defenses and sparking outrage. “It’s certainly not a matter worthy of consideration from the great Captain Chainsword,” she grumbled. 
His dark eyebrows arched and then he shrugged. “I was hoping you wouldn’t recognize me. First impressions are so hard to shake.”
When she just gaped at his irreverence, he gave her a wry grin. “Of course, I’m sure my first impression was a bit less exciting to you than yours was to me. It’s not every day I pick up a tree and find a lady living in it.”
“I wasn’t living in it,” Aerie asserted angrily before she could stop herself. There’s no need to give him information. Don’t make his job easy!
“Well, that’s good,” he said, the gentle tone somehow more scathing than his sarcasm. “I should just hate myself if I had destroyed your home.” 
“You should hate yourself anyway,” Aerie bit back. 
“Maybe I already do.”
His flippancy caught her off guard as much as his admission. Aerie knew she had to be determined to keep him on the defensive. She pressed forward, forcing herself to remain focused on resisting interrogation. No matter how irresistible it was turning out to be. “Well, you should. You’re the scoundrel who killed my tree!" 
When he said nothing in return, she felt her heart break all over again at the loss of the Memory Tree. "You told your crew to crush its heart.” 
“I did,” he admitted.
“You’re a monster.” 
“You’ve already called me a monster.” 
“Just because I already said it doesn’t make it any less true.” 
“And here I thought taking the pirate ghost costume off would help,” he replied. He shifted in his seat. “I’ll admit I am somewhat disappointed.” 
“Why would you be disappointed?” 
“Even the devil is capable of disappointment, I’m sure,” he said with a shrug. “But I was under the impression you were a trained combat soldier. I was expecting a little more creativity.”
“In name-calling?” Aerie asked. “Are you crazy?” 
“Crazy’s not a bad attempt,” he remarked, jotting down some notes on his screen. “But I’d still try for something more robust.” 
Aerie frowned. “It doesn’t matter what I call you!” 
“Of course it matters,” Captain Chainsword replied. “It is your job to get under the skin of your enemy, to make his weaknesses all work against him.”
“It’s easier just to kill him outright,” Aerie argued. 
“It’s easier just to kill,” he agreed, “but it’s the more skillful soldier who can turn the enemy’s imagination against him.” He glanced up at her, catching her eyes with his. “Don’t you think so?”
“Why don’t you take off my restraints here and we’ll see about that?” Aerie asked. 
To her surprise, and seemingly his as well, he smiled. “Oh, I know you’d love your fair fight, Comrade, but in the real world—the ‘real’ world, that is, not the one you pretend to exist in while you’re in training—we don’t fight fair.” 
“Is that what this is?” Aerie demanded. “You’re attempting to fight me?” 
“If I am, it’s a poor attempt, considering you’re already bound and unlikely to defeat me at this point.” 
Aerie tugged against her bounds again, to no avail. She glared at him. “I knew this was a prison.” 
“That does remind me. Welcome to the Perdition. I am its captain, as you know, and this room is actually a medic ward. We are on Level One of the ship. I can assure you, those are the real stars you can see out your window, though there aren’t as many as you would likely expect.” 
“It’s still a prison.” 
“It might surprise you to know,” he said in a soft voice, “there are no prisons on the Perdition.” 
“I don’t believe you,” Aerie scoffed. “Weren’t you the one who just said it was the more skillful soldier who could use the enemy’s imagination to win?” 
At the quick frown on his face, Aerie knew she’d scored a point against him. But instead of retaliating, he simply went back to writing on his pad. “Clever girl,” he commented, further frustrating her. 
What kind of enemy resisted battle?
One who already had the upper hand, Aerie thought bitterly. 
A few moments passed in silence as he continued to look up from his screen, then to her, and then back at the screen again. 
Aerie grew uncomfortable. Why is he here? Why can’t he just leave me alone? Is this part of the torture? 
“Don’t you have more important duties to take care of?” she finally asked. “Torturing me hardly seems worthy of your time. I mean, if you’re really the captain of this starship, shouldn’t you be planning your next attack on innocent people?” 
“There is no one who is without sin, without iniquity,” he murmured. 
“I suppose I should expect such a remark from a hateful person like you.” 
“What do you mean by ‘hateful?’” 
“You know what I mean.” Aerie gritted her teeth together. This is impossible! “Just how ignorant are you?”  
“I don’t know. What do you mean when you say ‘hateful’? If you can’t tell me, aren’t you the ignorant one?” 
“It means that you hate people and you don’t mind hurting them,” Aerie growled. 
“How did you come to the conclusion I am a hateful person?” 
“I would think that was obvious!” Aerie argued. “You killed the Memory Tree. You attacked my home. You’re holding me prisoner and mocking me at every chance you get! How much more hateful can a person be?” 
There was a long pause. “I could’ve been worse,” he finally said. 
“That’s nothing to be proud of,” Aerie yelled back. 
“Have you considered, Comrade, that you are being just as hateful toward me? If I remember correctly, you were the one who attacked me after I freed you from the tree.” 
Aerie said nothing, boiling with rage and hatred for the man before her, not wanting to admit he was right. The memories of how he’d carefully untangled her hair from the new buds of the tree, and how he had safely carried her out of the tree’s embrace, flooded through her. Her fists, still bound to her bed, clenched as she fought against the urge to scream. 
His voice, quiet and distinct against her silence, was unnerving. “I was a bit preoccupied with the URS’s retaliation when we picked up the Memory Tree,” he said slowly. “I did not realize you were climbing in it. I have it on good report that the URS is keeping its civilian populations largely, if not entirely, underground. I had no reason to suspect someone was … someone would defy their orders. Especially in New Hope. I would have thought there would have been more thorough security.” 
He’s trying to use you for information. The warning flashed through her mind. 
When she said nothing, he relaxed back into his chair. “So … I will concede that it is mostly my fault you were captured.” 
“Mostly!?” Aerie felt her bonds strain against her blood. 
“I wouldn’t try too hard to break free,” he told her, nodding toward the cuffs. “You were taken up into space with no preparation. It’s a wonder your eardrums didn’t burst and your brain isn’t damaged. Or should I say more damaged, since you’ve grown up in the URS?”
“I suppose you think my brain is busted because I didn’t burst into tears, bow down to you and your crew, and beg you to take me home?” she asked bitingly. “Maybe you’re just angry and insulting me because I didn’t.” 
While he did seem to agree with her on that point, he dismissed it. “If you weren’t up in the tree in the first place, this never would have happened,” he pointed out. “Seems pretty silly to me.” 
“It’s not silly.” 
“Many people—many more than your beloved State will let you believe—have come to me and the crew for just such a salvation when we go down to Earth for supplies, or in this case, for battle,” he told her. “You’re the first one to come in a tree, and the first to resist new accommodations.” 
“It’s not like I would have been there if I’d known you were coming.” 
“Agreed,” the captain allowed. “Bad luck and poor timing happen to the best of us.” 
Aerie noticed as his left hand settled on his chest while he spoke. “Did I get you earlier?”  
“Mildly,” he assured her with a charming grin. 
Aerie felt her face flush over as she smiled back. And then a moment later, she blanched. Stop it! She mentally slapped herself. You are a prisoner. He is just teasing you. He wants information, and then he’ll likely kill you. This is not a game. 
“I thought,” he continued, “it might be easier for both of us if we could come to some agreements while you’re on the ship.”
“A quick death is all I ask for.” She sighed and slumped forward, her resignation complete. It was too much hassle to wonder and to wait for her fate to be decided. 
He seemed surprised by her request. “I’d rather not.” 
Her narrowed eyes shot up to his, and he clarified, “I mean kill you at all, not kill you slowly.” 
“Why?” Her tone was disbelieving. “You mean you want me to give you information, don’t you? Why would you ever think I would do such a thing?” 
“Maybe so I have something to call you other than ‘Tree Girl’?” he inquired. “Or ‘Silly Child,’ perhaps?” 
When she just looked at him quizzically, he clarified his meaning. “Tell me your name. It’s a good place to start, don’t you think?” 
“I’ll never give you any information. How could I, knowing what I know about you?” 
“Perhaps there’s more to me than you realize.” 
“You’re a hateful monster! What else do I possibly need to know?”
Aerie regretted her outburst less than a second later. The captain immediately left his chair and came close to her. Instinctively, she pulled back, but the pad behind her did not allow her to go far. 
As he drew near, she got a good look at his face; though no longer adorned with the pirate’s wig and beard, she could see he was still masked. The apathy, the cynicism, the playful whimsy—all of it hid a deep crevice of pain inside of him. 
The sudden urge to reach out and touch him shot through her. It was quickly followed by alarm and self-disgust.
“From your comments, I would assume you have yet to learn a great many things,” he told her, his voice sharp. 
“What do you mean by that?” she asked, boldly meeting his gaze. 
“First, your name is no small matter," he said. "Destinies can be made and shaped by your name, though whether good or bad, it is up to you." 
He turned away from her abruptly and began pacing by her bed. Aerie listened to his steps resonate with certainty and distinctness, like a military cadence, as she tried to breathe properly. 
“Second,” he continued, glancing at her from over his shoulder, “Despite what you might think, I am not a monster; merely a man.”
“I hardly see the difference,” she retorted, still rattled by his presence.
“I would expect that, given your education with the URS. Over the past decade, your beloved Daddy Dictator has managed to ensure your education, rigorous as it is, consists of really only following instructions, repeating the lies they prefer to the truth, and ignoring any logic that would unravel them or undermine their authority.”
Aerie struggled to argue as she thought about her PAR. She thought about her final research presentation and her father’s stinging rebuke.
“I’m not the one who is afraid to show my real face to my enemy,” she finally replied, feeling small for such a shallow attack.
“You weren’t really given much of a choice,” he reminded her with a taunting look. “Hardly a matter of bravery.” 
“I am not afraid of anything,” Aerie snapped.
“If you are not, then you are either braver than most, or you are just naïve.” He placed his hand on his chest again, where she had landed her earlier blow. “While I’ll give you credit for fighting well, you don’t seem to realize the greatest fears we face are often inside of us.”
“What’s your greatest fear then?” Aerie asked.
He paused, but only momentarily. “That I have nothing left to lose.” His gaze hardened. “So I won’t mind making a silly, foolish girl walk the plank off my ship.”
Aerie blanched. Nothing would be more torturous than a public death. The General, besides being personally mortified and disappointed in her, would likely be punished, possibly along with her siblings. The thought of an embarrassing and shameful death made survival all the more important. 
It was time to redirect his attention.
She nodded toward her wrists. “With all the tubes you’ve hooked into me, I’m not going to be walking anywhere. Especially if the ‘medicine’ in these tubes is supposed to sedate me or poison me.”
“It would be hard for mostly vitamins and minerals to poison you.” As Aerie gawked at him, he added, “I know the tubes are an unpleasant hassle, but they’ll be gone soon enough. You likely wouldn’t be to walk around without it right now. Living in space is hard, even with preparation and adjustment. The medicine in those tubes will help your body recover.”  
Aerie glanced at the tubes in uncomfortable shock. They’re helping me? Why? Where’s the torture? 
She softened her expression. “You know, I’d be less inclined to hate you if you would release me.”
“I’d be more inclined to give you a proper room if you weren’t so inclined to kill me.”
His rebuke and reminder of her earlier attack stung. “I guess we are at an impasse then,” Aerie retorted.
“I could make some concessions if you would.”
“Like what?”
“Like telling me your name, for one, instead of playing games like a child.”
Aerie bit her lip. “What would I get in return?” she asked, desperately irritated to find she did sound just like a child.
“This seems like a fair trade,” he said. Aerie watched while he pulled something out of his pocket as he moved closer to her once more. A small bump tumbled across the bed, and Aerie instinctively grappled for the small, sleepy kitten. When her binding cuffs caught her, the man pressed a button and released her arms from her sides. “Be careful with the tubes,” he warned. “The medic crew told me they’re cleaning your blood of Earth’s toxins and analyzing it for germs.” 
Aerie glared up at him. “Just give me the cat.” 
“Here. I had the vet check her, and she’s surprisingly healthy.” He thrust the kitten closer to her hands and then stepped back from Aerie’s bed. “She seems to take after you. She managed to claw my wrist when we first met.”
Aerie hugged the tiny cat to her heart, burying her face in the familiar fur. “Moona!” Aerie cried happily, feeling a sense of relief for the first time.
“Moona? Is that your name or the cat’s?” the captain asked, pulling out his stylus and the medical screen once more. 
“It’s hers,” Aerie snapped. “Of course it’s hers.” She reached out and stroked her cat, relieved to see there were no bumps or bruises on Moona’s soft body.
“Why did you name her that?”
“I found her on a day where I could see the moon through the clouds,” Aerie said, recalling that day clearly. “I saw her when I was walking around the Memory Tree, and then, all of a sudden, there she was. I couldn’t resist after I saw her white face in the dim light. I couldn’t decide whether ‘Luna’ or ‘Moon’ fit her better.”
“So you blended it.”
“Obviously.” Aerie felt a flood of frustration as she realized she was giving him more information. He had already managed to find a chip in her armor. She quickly went back to petting Moona and ignoring her captor, trying to find a way out of her situation.
It was not easy … he was waiting for her with expectancy. 
Aerie wrestled with herself. The best shot she had was getting along for now, wasn’t it? And as angry as it made her to give the captain credit, he hadn’t put her in a cell, hadn’t tortured her, and hadn’t—she blushed—ravished her; all things he could have done easily. Though not too easily, she told herself.
“Fine,” she acquiesced softly, giving into her desire, knowing it was against her better judgment. “My name is Aerie.” 
He stared at her for a long moment. “You’re not lying?” 
“What?” Aerie scowled. “No.” She sighed. “I didn’t even think about it. Maybe I should have.” 
The man surprised her by laughing. She stared at him; his laugh was soft and uncomfortable, almost like it had been a long time since he’d found anything funny. 
Which, she reminded herself, was probably the truth. How joyous could a murderer’s life be? 
“You’re better for it,” he told her. “It’s easier to keep things organized when you just tell the truth.” 
“If you think it’s so easy to keep organized, then what’s your name?” she asked, clearly surprising him with her challenge. She found it was harder to look away from him than it had been before. “I mean, I’d rather not call you ‘Captain Chainsword,’ if I can help it. It’s a bit of a mouthful.”
“I’m surprised that the URS didn’t give you a full course on me, given the trouble I’ve caused them in the last six years.”  
Aerie shook her head slowly. “You know, you’re right. They didn’t teach us much about you, other than you’ve destroyed several of their bases and labs around the country.” 
“Well, that’s true,” the captain murmured. 
“And how you work with the last remnants of MENACE to bring down the URS from space.” 
He snorted. 
“And that you’ve been doing this for years because you want power and you want to bring the capitalists back.”
He was silent for a long moment. “There’s only one thing I want,” he told her, and Aerie wondered, from his expression, if he was talking to her, or if he had forgotten her entirely. 
She quickly interrupted him, deciding she didn’t like being ignored by a stranger any more than she liked it from her own family unit. “So, no, they didn’t tell us your real name.” Which is odd, come to think of it. 
Revelation hit Aerie so hard she nearly stopped breathing. The State would never conceal such important information on an enemy like that—except for one reason. 
They didn’t know. 
Was that possible? That the State, with all its advanced technology and resources, didn’t actually know who they were dealing with? 
Renewed determination sparked through Aerie. She didn’t have to get accepted into the Military Academy to earn her family unit’s respect or her father’s love. If she could give them the information on how to stop Captain Chainsword, not only would she be welcomed home, but she would be heralded as a hero. 
The captain’s lips pursed together. Aerie caught her breath anxiously, wondering if he suspected the nature of her treacherous thoughts.
But then, he slowly extended his hand to her. It took her a moment to recognize it as a handshake. She reached for it before she could stop herself. 
Instantly, her hand disappeared inside of his as he held onto her, and she held onto him. 
He was strong. She could feel small, rough patches on his palms as they rubbed against her skin. It was not an unpleasant sensation, to have his hand gripping hers, she observed, but it was still disconcerting. Her heart stilled in warning as she met his gaze, immersing herself in their daytime starlight.   
“Exton,” he said.
“Exton.” The name felt unfamiliar, but not unwelcome, on her lips as she echoed it in her own voice. Her gaze narrowed and her tone shifted, mimicking his from earlier. “You’re not lying to me, are you?” 
“Not about that,” he said with a smirk. “But don’t worry. I’m sure I will in the very near future.” He glanced down at Moona and softened his voice. “If you’ll excuse me … Aerie.” He dropped her hand unceremoniously and turned toward the door. 
Before Aerie could stop him, he left, her hand still tingling from his touch.  

♦9♦

Two days later, Exton paced throughout his room, frustrated he was unable to relish his time off-duty. Commanding the bridge and overseeing the Perdition’s course were both necessary and routine. They demanded his full attention and he was more than happy to give it while he was working. 
Since leaving Earth, he had struggled with sleep, only succeeding in getting a few hours before waking up to find just as many things on his mind as when he had gone down. He glanced down at his bed, the cushioned pallet and blankets askew from restless slumber.
For a moment, Exton wondered how his mother would react if she saw how messy he’d kept his room. His mother hadn’t fought with him much when he was younger, when they lived on the outskirts of New Hope. But he could hear her chastisement clearly, telling him a messy room meant a messy mind. 
Exton sighed. Maybe his mother was right. Especially tonight. 
Everything is taken care of, he told himself for the hundredth time. The Perdition was on course to hide in the shadows of the moon once more. All satellite transmissions, following his traditional gloat to Dictator Osgood, had either been turned off or redirected by the Tech System for filtration. The Memory Tree had been processed for treatment. He’d managed to sidestep a few meetings with the board members of the Ecclesia. 
There was nothing else on his mind. Except for her. 
Aerie. His prisoner—if he decided to call her that—was fine. Hadn’t he just checked on her med reports a few hours before? She was probably resting.
Probably peacefully, too, he thought bitterly. There was a strong temptation inside of him to go and wake her up.
It wasn’t the first time since leaving her he’d been tempted to go see her again. She was … fascinating, he decided. Her passionate defense of her tree and attachment to her cat spoke of inner strength and compassion, traits he admired. The golden amber of her eyes complemented her persistent determination, giving her a compelling face that matched her personality. 
Yes, Exton decided, she was suited to her looks. The fiery hair, the piercing eyes, that expressive mouth—they all hinted at what was inside her heart and who she was. An individualist, he’d thought at the time, and an idealist, he realized later. 
He rubbed his ribs, tentatively pressing the area she managed to fracture, and wondered, amused, if she had managed to break through the barrier to his heart as well. 
Bitterness washed over him. What a shame she was wasted on the URS, he thought, not for the first time. 
There was no real reason to disturb her. 
For now. 
That didn’t mean he had to stay in his room. 
As he stepped out into the hall, Exton felt the night press into him immediately. For all of Emery’s insistence that the Perdition roamed in perpetual sunlight, he never felt its warmth; nighttime, in contrast, was compounded by an eerie feeling of quiet loneliness. 
There were still crewmembers working the lighter shift at night, diligently running the ship while others slept and rested. As captain, and part-time engineer, he worked alongside both shifts when the need arose. 
But, as there was not much need while his ship engineers were on top of their jobs, he was forced to find smaller projects. He smiled at the thought of the small toy truck on his desk. 
Much of his childhood had been an attempt to make his father happy. He had succeeded to the point where fixing anything on the ship made him feel the warm approval of his dad. 
 “Things haven’t changed, have they, Papa?” he muttered. 
He turned down the familiar halls of his ship; Level Ten sheltered his Captain’s rooms, allowing him some privacy from the rest of his crew up on Levels Two and Four. Level Three carried the sanctuary, the ship’s main dining hall, and several smaller rooms designed and furnished for entertainment. Level Five was mostly for storage and supplies. Level Six was home to most of the tech systems and their many needs. Levels Seven through Nine shared classrooms, learning stations, and access to the outer plantation rooms, where the Biovid could best be seen in all its glory, with the Ark tucked below. He passed through the main body of ship, making mental notes for the coming day as he drifted through the ship. 
Aerie had told him she thought him a ghost when she first encountered him. And in many ways, Exton agreed. He was just that—the living apparition of his father. 
The halls and inner workings of the ship might have housed the ghost of his father, but it was his mother’s spirit that had taken up residence in the Biovid. 
The Biovid was a huge, oval-shaped room paneled with greenhouse windows specially designed to capture the outer light and reflect the heat inside. Located in the center of the ship’s body, it stood over 100 yards tall and 400 yards wide. Soil and plants of all sorts, many of which had been pulled from Earth, resided inside the large room. More than one person remarked on how much it looked like a large rainforest had settled inside the heart of the ship.
“Eden,” Exton murmured. “Biovid” was the more functional name. But “Eden” had been a popular preference for the members of the Ecclesia, and he knew many still referred to it as such. 
Stepping inside the Biovid, the air instantly transformed from the cool stillness of space to the light breeziness of life. The metallic floor gave way to soil, and the efficiency of the starship’s design was overwhelmed with the frivolous and the beautiful. 
Plants of all kinds were organized in different pods, some for scientific observation, others for appeal. Many looked overgrown or haphazardly placed; some had vines creeping out along the Biovid’s barrier, while some shot upward, reaching out to find the Suncatcher’s light. 
The Suncatcher was an early device he had designed for his mother and her gardens on Earth. Later on, Emery, pursuing her own horticulture studies at university, suggested some enhancements. The result was a fully functional, artificial source for light. Its beam rained down on the thousands of plants below, making the Biovid a giant womb in which plants could flourish.
Exton breathed in deeply. The scents and smells weighted down the air, making him think of home and growing up.
“Is that you, Exton?” 
Exton flinched at the sound of the familiar voice. “Yes, it is, Dennis.” 
“You know I prefer to have others use my title,” the man remarked solemnly. 
Only so you can use its power if you need to. But Exton swallowed his sarcasm as his father’s old mentor approached. “Reverend Thorne,” he acknowledged, nodding respectfully to the older man who appeared behind him. 
“I thought that was you,” Reverend Thorne said. 
Exton nodded. “I like to come by and visit every so often. As you know.” Which is why you are here, no doubt. 
“I’m glad I caught you. It was a pity you weren’t able to make the meeting with the other board members of the Ecclesia earlier.”  
Exton inwardly rolled his eyes. There were several reasons he didn’t mind “forgetting” the meetings with the Ecclesia, and Reverend Thorne, while he was a good man, was one of them. He always seemed … too peaceful for Exton’s preference.
How did a man who helped oversee the survival of an outlawed religion sleep at night? The world was a terrible place, and Exton knew that better than most. 
“Your brother’s not with you, is he?” Exton asked, glancing over the reverend’s shoulder. 
“Don is fast asleep,” Reverend Thorne assured him. “As many of the Ecclesia are.” 
“I don’t suppose you came here out of sheer coincidence, did you?” 
“You’re too efficient with your speech sometimes,” Reverend Thorne said, the kind firmness in his gray eyes weakening. “But then, so was your father.” 
“I remember,” Exton replied somberly. 
“Sorry.” 
“It’s not a problem,” Exton asserted. “But I detest trickery, and wasting my time. Tell me what you want, and then be on your way.” 
“I know you like this place,” Reverend Thorne answered. “But it is open to the Ecclesia as well as the crew.”
“I came here to check on the remnants of the Memory Tree. It’s finishing up with its processing soon.” Exton’s voice grew impatient. “Just tell me what you want.”
Reverend Thorne nodded. “Very well. I can see you’re in a hurry for me to go. I would like to know what you’ve done with the new girl on board.” 
“What of it?” Exton asked. “She’s still in the med ward.” 
“She won’t need to be in there for much longer,” Reverend Thorne pointed out. “Decontamination doesn’t last much longer than three days.”
“So?” 
“I thought, since word has it she has declared herself your enemy—”
“Since when do you listen to gossip?” 
“Listening to it has never been the problem,” the reverend told him with a small laugh. “The problem was always getting people to stop repeating it.”
Exton gave a grudging smile. For all the man believed in miracles, his logic was sound. “I suppose that’s true.” 
“I heard that she is not a refugee, and she is not a defector.” 
“Not a defector by choice,” Exton agreed. “While she’s here, she is one regardless.” 
“I thought perhaps it might be easier if the board took care of her for you. We would start by selecting a guardian for her and then get her settled in.” 
“Like a babysitter?” 
“More or less,” Reverend Throne admitted. “I was thinking of a mentor, or chaperon. Someone who could show her the truth of the URS and what we’re—” 
“You can stop there,” Exton said. “She was taken here by accident, but there’s no need to try to convert her to our cause. She’s young, Reverend. Barely graduated from secondary levels, and raised in the heart of New Hope to begin with. And you know better than I do that people rarely change unless they want to.” 
“Imagine that,” the reverend muttered, before he sighed. “Youth is no reason to declare her hopeless. You were younger than her when—”
“When what?” Exton glared at him. “When my father was executed?” 
Reverend Thorne went silent. 
“You might have a distinct lineage of priests and traditions that embrace God and his grace,” Exton continued slowly. “But around here, I am still the captain, and I am still in charge of this ship.” 
“But you don’t know the girl any more than the rest of us do,” he pointed out. “At least we would be able to get her accustomed to the community onboard better; place her with some of the younger crew and their families, that sort of thing.” 
“I know she’s been trained for war combat,” Exton told him brusquely, “and that she’s a handful.” 
There were other things he’d learned about her in the past two days as he kept up with her reports and worked on figuring out just how much trouble she would cause them while she was onboard the Perdition. 
Hadn’t it been that strange curiosity, that surprising drive to find out more, that had prompted him to keep his distance? 
“I would still recommend her to come into the Ecclesia quarters on the other side of the ship,” Reverend Thorne said. “If nothing else, I’d be happy to keep her out of your way, so you don’t need to worry about her while you’re running things here.” 
For some reason, Exton felt like punching him. “I’ve already decided what to do with her,” he lied. “So you don’t need to worry about it.” 
“Of course. I should have asked you first, Captain.” The reverend’s eyes dropped respectfully down to the ground, and Exton felt a mixed measure of shame and pride at winning the argument. 
Exton didn’t know why his father’s community members bothered him so much. He had grown up with them in their small town, learned beside them … ate with them, prayed with them, worked with them. 
Maybe it was because they had known him so well before university, Exton thought. Maybe it was because they all mourned the loss of his father, of a past he would never experience again. 
Exton was willing to bet those were at least some of the bigger reasons, anyway. 
“May I ask what you intend to do with the girl?” Reverend Thorne inquired. 
“Huh?” Exton shook his head. “I, uh, I was going to put her in Emery’s care,” he said, surprised at how easily he was able to fabricate the lie. “With the harvest approaching, I’ll need Tyler at the helm more often than not. She’ll have the time and opportunity.” 
All of that was more than true, Exton realized. In fact, the more he thought about it, the more it really was the perfect solution. He could trust Emery; he’d seen her take care of other refugees, and she knew how to take command of her projects. Exton himself was proof of that.  
“I’ll have her move into Emery’s old quarters, now that Emery’s married to Tyler,” he added, suddenly inspired. “And I’ll keep tabs on her so I can stop her if she dares give us any troubles. Or,” he added, “if we need some leverage with Dictator Osgood.”  
For a moment, the reverend remained silent. “I take it from your tone your earlier conversation with the dictator did not go well?”
“No,” Exton snapped. “It didn’t.” 
“Tell me. Please.” The gray eyes were tired, but they were full of patience and compassion—two things Exton never felt he completely mastered himself. 
He sighed, giving in despite his reservations. “I contacted him, and I let him know about our victory.” 
“He would have already known.”
“Yes. He wasn’t happy about it. At least, I can’t imagine that he was,” Exton disclosed. 
“What has you so worried, then?” 
“He’s promoted General St. Cloud. He’s now second in command, after Osgood himself.” 
“Ah, I see. Did you get a chance to speak to St. Cloud?” Reverend Thorne asked. 
“A little. He told me he was the one who was authorized to kill me now.” Exton gave the reverend a small, bitter smile. “I wasn’t sure if his words were intentional or not.” 
“Did he recognize you?” 
“I have no doubt he knows who I am,” Exton admitted. “Even if the people from the URS don’t. Aerie more or less confirmed that they don’t know much about me when I talked with her.” 
“Aerie?” 
Exton shrugged. “The girl who arrived with the tree.” 
“I see.” The older man reached out hesitantly, patting Exton on the arm. “You’ve always known St. Cloud was working under Osgood. Why is this worrying you?” 
After a moment of silence, Exton sighed. “I thought this was going to be easy. All I had to do was kill the bad guy, right? But it’s become much more complicated since then.” 
“Revenge is never an easy path,” the reverend reminded him. “That’s why we are called to forgive.” 
“There are some things that are impossible to forgive.” Exton’s voice cracked angrily at the suggestion.  
“You are talking to a man of God,” the reverend said with a sigh. “God, who gave over his own son to die for the sins of the world. Our ideas of impossible are different.” 
Exton glared at him. 
“But that does not mean, of course, that our idea of compassion is,” Reverend Thorne continued. “You know the Ecclesia is here for you if you need it.” 
“I know my father wanted you to look out for me and Emery after everything that happened,” Exton grumbled. 
“It was almost as if he’d known.” 
“Let me finish,” Exton snapped. “I know he wanted you to look out for me. But I do think that is where your duty ends. I am not under any obligation to follow your recommendations or counsel.” 
“You are a great leader, Exton,” Reverend Thorne agreed. “You’ve been decisive and smart, and you’ve been kind in many ways. Your aunt’s settlement is growing with the refugees you bring to her and your crew is devoted to you, the Ecclesia included. You have done much for us while you’ve been up here on Perdition.” He hesitated. “And I know that it has been a lot harder to keep going, especially in light of what we’ve found.” 
“But?”
“But nothing. Your father would be proud.” 
No, he wouldn’t. Not if he knew the truth. 
Exton turned away, heading deeper into the middle of the garden. “Call up the bridge and have them schedule a new meeting with me for the Ecclesia,” he called, refusing to look back. “I’ll talk with you again then.”
“All right,” Reverend Thorne remarked, though Exton was still close enough he could hear the disappointment in his voice. 
Serves him right, Exton thought. The reverend deserved to be disappointed if he thought it was so simple a thing to do, to forgive someone for killing a loved one. 
Exton slowed his pace as he listened for the reverend to exit the Biovid. When he heard the whoosh of the Biovid’s starboard forward door shutting, he continued on. 
In the center of the Biovid, there was a winding staircase leading to the other rooms below, including the Ark—and the other room, the one he’d prefer to forget. He passed by it, uneasy even as he focused on his reason for coming to the Biovid in the first place. 
It wasn’t as if he needed to see the Memory Tree, but Exton felt it was only right. If he was going to keep his distance from his other captive, what was the harm in checking up on this one? 
At least this one couldn’t talk back.
At the sight of its trunk, lounging against the softened soil, Exton wondered if “captive” was the right term to use; “casualty” might have been better. 
Many years had passed since his father was executed by the URS, but Exton still recalled the day clearly in his mind. He could see his father running toward him, and hear the terror and sorrow in his voice. 
Feel the warmth of his father’s blood through the barrier of his university uniform. 
Smell the onset of death. 
Really, Exton thought a moment later, what is a tree, or anything else, in exchange for the life of my father? 
“Nothing.” He answered his own question aloud, suddenly feeling a new layer of emptiness inside the oval chamber. Exton sighed and glanced down at his hands, before turning them into fists. 
He glanced up at the tree, seeing its own destroyed pride as it slumped over, the roots seeming older and gloomier than when his capsule had first uprooted it. 
Part of him wanted to be fine with turning it into woodchips before blasting it toward the sun, watching the coldness of space surround it before the solar winds playfully licked at its branches. The other part of him, the part he sometimes hated, had other plans for the Memory Tree. 
Exton reached up and placed a hand on the tree. He stood there for a long time in silence. Catching sight of the small slash on his knuckles, Exton finally turned around and headed for the exit.
He needed a new distraction.



♦10♦

Aerie knew the instant she was no longer alone. 
It had been only an hour since the last medic came to check her chart, vitals, etc.—anything to wake her up and make her feel uncomfortable for a few moments, before tucking her back under the covers gently and leaving the room without giving her any information. 
It was comforting that they weren’t torturing her. Yet.  
But the medics were all similarly trained, as far as Aerie could see. Their footsteps were light and brisk as they walked in through the door, and their jackets, while clean, were full of various supplies and medicines, making them floppy and lopsided. Their movements were impersonal, regimented—but still kind enough that she was unable to escape the thought of her mother. 
When Aerie heard his even footsteps, measured out with rigid certainty, she knew he had come back to see her. 
Exton. 
She almost shook her head. No, she scolded herself. Don’t think of him that way. Captain Chainsword. Or his ghost. 
Calling him by his real name proved to be a mistake. Captain Chainsword had been her adversary, the familiar, inhuman face of the ultimate enemy. Exton was an unexpected surprise—a human being with a heart full of pain and humor that might have made her laugh if she wasn’t supposed to hate him.
Separating the two identities was wiser. The enemy did not deserve sympathy. 
Although she had to admit, now that she’d seen his face, he didn’t look a lot like the Captain Chainsword she’d seen in the capsule, or the one whose picture dominated the defector’s list at the education center. Even if he were to wear all the clothes, and the wig, and the hat, she would only see past them. 
She peeked at him as he grabbed her chart and began reading it while he headed toward her. She quickly squeezed her eyes shut. 
Aerie instantly regretted it. There was nothing she wanted more than to see him, to watch him … to make sure he didn’t smother her or inject her with poison. 
Soft scuffles sounded against the floor as he pulled up a chair beside her.
For a long moment, she wondered what he was doing as he sat there. Was he watching her? Did he know she was awake? 
More likely he is just reading through my chart, she realized, as the screen beeped while he made notes. 
Finally, after interminable moments of waiting, he spoke. “How’s my favorite patient today?” 
His voice was soft and husky, both irritating and intriguing, a siren’s call to pleasure despite the promised pain. 
Just as she remembered it.  
Against the darkness and the long hours of isolation, Aerie allowed herself to admit she’d been wondering if he would come and see her again. The medics were nice enough, even if their questions were annoying and repetitive; memories of her unit and comrades were dull or worrisome, and thoughts of escape proved to be elusive. 
All proved to be poor company when compared to the pirate captain.
Frustrated, she sighed and opened her eyes. “How did you know I was awake?” 
A smirk crawled up onto his face at the sight of her eyes. “I wasn’t talking to you.” He gestured to the small cat that had jumped up on his lap. His fingers curled around the kitten’s ears as she purred in expectant appreciation. 
Aerie folded her arms across her chest and narrowed her eyes at Moona. “Traitor.” 
Moona ignored her, as her own eyes closed with happiness. “The downfall of freedom,” Exton said with a shrug, “is that people can make the wrong choices.” 
“Is that supposed to be some kind of insult?” Aerie asked, her temper flaring.  
He raised his eyebrows. “I was only making a general observation,” he told her. He leaned back in the chair, shifting Moona into his arms while he continued to pet her. “One you’re no doubt familiar with, besides. But if you want to talk about something else, I’ll listen.” 
“Ha!” Aerie wrinkled her nose at him. “Like I would tell you anything. I see your game.” 
“I guess you haven’t missed me any since our last discussion,” Exton said. 
There was no way she was going to tell him the truth regarding that. “Please. It’s not like you’ve been waltzing around thinking about me for the past two days,” Aerie retorted. 
“What if I have?” 
She sputtered at his reply. “What?” 
There was a coolness behind his blue eyes that she hated as he looked at her. “What if I have been thinking of you?”
Aerie frowned. He had to be taunting her, and deliberately, too, she decided. “It would likely only be because you don’t know what do to with me yet,” she wagered. 
“There is that question,” Exton agreed easily enough. “What will we do with you?” 
“You could take me back to the States,” Aerie suggested, knowing it was a gamble. 
“Are you concerned about your unit missing you?” 
No. “Yes.” 
“I find that hard to believe.” 
“What do you know of my unit?” Aerie snapped angrily, wondering if he was able to read her mind. 
“I could take you back,” Exton agreed. “But I could just as easily kill you and save myself the trouble. Or I could just kill myself, and save the URS the trouble.” 
“That was my next recommendation,” Aerie replied in a biting tone. 
“One thing you should know,” he told her, “is that I am not prone to take counsel.” 
“And I am not prone to play the part of the invalid.”
“The medics have finished checking your blood and replenishing your fluids,” Exton said, glancing down at her chart. “Decontamination is complete, your vitals look good. And they even noted you seem to have a pleasant disposition.” He glanced up at her with a roguish grin on his face. “I’ll have to correct that, won’t I?”
She only glared at him in reply. What was it about him, Aerie wondered, that made him so insufferable? 
It should have been easy to hate him, but somehow she didn’t—and she hated that she didn’t. It made her plans to collect information for the URS more difficult. 
Maybe that’s his game, Aerie thought. Befriend, and then betray.
“So then let’s talk about what to do with you,” Exton offered, interrupting her thoughts. 
“I’m surprised you haven’t decided already.” Aerie frowned. “Besides, I thought you didn’t take counsel.”  
The smallest smile appeared on his face. “I’m not prone to take it, but I will occasionally. Making decisions about refugees and rebels is easy, but you’re not really one or the other, are you?” He said it softly, purposely. 
What kind of game is he playing? “No,” Aerie said. “I’m not either of those.” 
“There are many other options I could select for you,” he said, goading her. “But I find them lacking in one way or another. You’re not a child, though hardly a woman. You’re not an assassin, as much as you’d like to think you are.”
“I’d love the chance to change your mind on that one,” Aerie said, angry she was more upset by his comment on her maturity than her combat skills. 
“I’m afraid we can’t do that. But as for the other concern, I think we’ll just have to wait and see who you are.” 
“I’m your enemy,” Aerie told him. “There. It’s that simple. Now, I’d appreciate it if you would stop with the pleasantries and start torturing me. I’ll be much happier when I am dead.” 
“I can understand your thoughts on the matter,” he said, obviously smothering a laugh, “but I’d love for you to give me the chance to change your mind.”  
Frustration hit her again. Was he teasing her? Or worse—was he telling the truth? “You won’t make me change my mind,” Aerie insisted. “I’m your enemy.” 
“I’m going to call your bluff.”
“What? What are you talking about?”
“Here’s what I think,” Exton said. “I think you’ve had doubts about the URS before.” 
“Of all the presumptuous … that’s not true at all! You’re—” Aerie nearly choked. Her fists clenched, wanting nothing more than to fight back. 
“I know you don’t like hearing your loyalty questioned, but we have enough serum for your venom. I know my medics are trained better than most in the URS. They’re not even trained to let you die if they think it’s useless to try to save you.” 
Aerie winced. 
He continued, “I don’t care for ‘captive’ or ‘prisoner,’ because as I’ve told you, the Perdition does not have either.” 
“I would disagree,” Aerie interrupted. “This whole ship is a prison.” 
“Even hell does not have captives, Aerie,” he told her, shocking her as he said her name. “Everyone in hell chooses to go there.” 
Her brow creased. “I’m not sure I know what you mean.” 
“I’m sure the Ecclesia will get around to telling you all about it while you’re here,” Exton told her. “But the Perdition was not designed to be a prison, let alone hold prisoners of war. It was, ironically, designed to be a paradise of sorts.” 
“A paradise?” Aerie scoffed. “What kind of paradise houses nuclear weapons and threatens to use them on innocent people?” 
“Would it make you feel better if I told you there were no warheads on the ship?” 
“I would not believe you,” Aerie said, drawing herself up proudly. “You’re a known liar.” 
“Ah, yes,” Exton replied sarcastically. “The great, inexhaustible knowledge of the URS Education Program. How could I forget?” 
Aerie bristled. “I’d rather you not talk to me, if you’re just going to make fun of me.” 
“That’s the second time you’ve brought that up.” He leaned forward in his chair. “Do you have a problem with ridicule?” 
“No,” Aerie lied, her face turning a bright shade of red. 
“I told you before,” Exton said, “it’s better to just tell the truth.” He looked at her, his gaze studying her face carefully. “You’ll give yourself away more than you think.”  
Aerie said nothing, but her fingers curled into fists. 
“Let me guess. You were ridiculed by your beloved family—I mean, unit, of course.”
She tightened her lips. He didn’t need to know anything. 
Seeing her reaction, he nodded. “Gotta admire the URS units. They tend to eat their young as though they needed fresh blood to survive. I’m glad I didn’t grow up in one.” 
“How would you know anything about units if you’ve never grown up in one?” Aerie asked, anger still simmering inside of her. 
“Because I grew up in a family,” Exton told her. “We didn’t follow the ‘unit’ rule. The State never had real authority over my family’s household, and I had not only my family, but my community to protect me from any direct autonomy from them.” He glanced out the windows above them as he leaned back in his chair. “For which I can only be grateful.”  
A moment passed, and Aerie couldn’t squash her curiosity. What would it have been like, she wondered, to live in a place that the State did not have the final say in all matters? “I thought you said you lived near New Hope,” Aerie remarked. 
“I did,” he agreed. “I got through their education program early, and I went on to university.” 
“For what degree?” 
“It doesn’t matter. I didn’t finish.” He shifted Moona onto her lap before leaning over her, drawing closer to her. 
“Were you going to be a doctor?” Aerie felt her breathing stop as she realized he was reaching for her. He ran his fingers over the bruised bump on her head where she’d been bleeding.
“No. An engineer.” He touched her bump tentatively, but his kindness was unmistakable. “But I was pretty clumsy as a kid, so I know how to tend to things like this. My mom thought it was a good idea to learn.”
It was strange to think of Exton as having a mother. Especially one who sounded a lot like her own.
“Stop it,” Aerie muttered softly, uncomfortable with his closeness. 
“It looks much better,” he told her. “Only a little swelling now. The cut is scabbing over nicely, too.”
She suddenly felt very conscious of her appearance. “Does it look bad?” Aerie reached her hand up to her bruise. 
Exton’s fingers brushed gently against her cheek, tenderly tucking her hair behind her ear. She felt her mouth go dry as she met his gaze.
“No,” Exton told her. “No, it doesn’t look bad at all.” 
He paused, and Aerie felt her face betray her once more as she blushed a deeper shade of red.
He cleared his throat and backed away. “It should be gone soon, thanks to the medicine we have available on board. You’ll never know it was there in a day or two.” 
Aerie nodded, silent as she rubbed Moona’s fur.  
She watched him as he sat back down. He wasn’t what she expected. He was young rather than old, an engineer rather than a pirate, solid instead of ghost, lenient instead of unforgiving, tender instead of harsh, and, she admitted uncomfortably, attractive rather than repulsive.
“I’ve heard the stories,” she said slowly, “that Captain Chainsword was betrayed by those that were closest to him. Is that what happened to you?” 
“It’s certainly an understatement.”  
At least he confirmed it. That might be something to help the URS fight against him. Aerie felt her stomach twist at the thought. 
“Let’s not talk about that. Tell me about you.” 
“Huh?” She glanced back up at him with wide eyes. 
“Humor me.” He leaned back in his chair. “It’s the middle of the night shift, and I have some time.” 
“I don’t want to talk to you.” 
“Are you sure? Can’t be that interesting here all by yourself.”
She bit her lip; he had a point. It was boring. 
“How about we make a deal?” Exton asked. “I’ll tell you about me, if you tell me about you.” He held out his hand, as he had before. 
He has a point. And this way, I can learn more for the General. Aerie blushed, recalling it was significant no one learned whose daughter she was; it was dangerous, for her and her unit and her nation. 
But surely it would be easy enough to keep that fact concealed? 
She took his hand once more. “Alright,” she said. 
“I thought that might convince you.” Exton’s eyes gleamed. “So, tell me. You’re clearly a new graduate. Which job were you assigned to? Or did I pick you up before you had your PAR?” 
Aerie shook her head. “I was … supposed to work in the Communications Sector,” she said, feeling like she was digging up a past no longer part of her life. 
“You would have hated it.” 
Aerie was surprised when she laughed. “Yes,” she agreed a moment later. “I was hoping to join the Military Academy, but I didn’t impress the board during my PAR.” She turned away as she recalled her father’s rebuke. Tears might have come if she hadn’t spent the last two days deciding she had bigger problems to worry about. 
Almost as if he could read her mind, he said, “I’ll bet they weren’t happy with you going outside, either.” 
She shrugged and hugged Moona closer to her. 
“So,” he said, “why did you want to go to the military? It wasn’t just so you could go to the Academy Ball, was it?”
“No!” Aerie insisted, even as a tiny part of her involuntarily agreed. When he arched an eyebrow at her, she sighed. “Okay, that would have been nice, but that wasn’t my primary reason for wanting to join the military.”  
“It’s good you didn’t get in. You would have hated that, too.” 
“I would not have,” Aerie objected. “You don’t know me, remember?” 
“I know enough about you to know you would have hated the military.” Exton nodded to the cat in her lap. “For a girl who likes her kittens and tends to a tree, you would have hated burning down homes and burying dead people.” 
Aerie blanched. “That’s not what the military in the URS does,” she argued. 
“Not all of them do it,” Exton agreed. “But all of them are trained to do it, and worse things besides.” 
He has to be lying about that, Aerie thought. “Most of my friends wanted to be pilots or work in medicine,” she said, thinking of Brock and Serena, as well as her brothers.
“It doesn’t matter which branch or sector you’re in, Aerie,” he replied. “Killing is still a required skillset, and one you do when you’re ordered, no questions asked, and no hesitations allowed.”  
Aerie thought of her own presentation to the board, and their concerns with how she didn’t follow orders. Was that why they rejected me? “Is that why you defected? You didn’t follow orders?” 
Moments passed in silence. Exton reached over and stroked Moona once more. As Aerie felt his hand brush against hers, she could not seem to breathe properly. 
Finally, he spoke. “No. If anything, I followed them too well before I left,” he told her. His eyes met hers; Aerie could see flecks of silver in his blue eyes, twinkling at her like little stars. He smiled, the small movement drawing her attention uncomfortably to his mouth. “Why did you want to join the military, when it doesn’t seem like a good fit for you?”
“I wanted to go in because of my family. They’ve always called me weak and helpless, and I wanted nothing more than to prove them wrong.”
He said nothing, so she continued, suddenly awkward at the thought of silence. “They told me I was likely destined to wind up as a breeder, or as a caretaker or cohabiter, pursuing a career in marriage.” Which, she recalled, thinking of Brock, she wasn’t even sure she would have attracted any interest. 
“When the Board of Generals rejected my application to the military, I was upset. So I went up to the tree, and that’s why I was there when you arrived,” she finished, more than a little annoyed with herself for giving him the information he originally wanted. 
“I’m surprised your family would call you weak,” Exton told her. He put a hand on his chest. “You managed to bruise two of my ribs.” 
“Really?” Aerie couldn’t hold back her grin. “Serves you right for killing my tree.” 
He gave her a mercurial smile. “What made the board reject your application to the military?” 
“They told me I was too unreliable.” Aerie frowned. “Not that you need to know or anything.” But it felt good to tell someone what had happened, and someone besides Moona. Someone who could actually respond. 
“Let me guess. You don’t follow directions?” 
Aerie nodded. “That, and they didn’t like my final presentation.” 
“I’ll have to hear it sometime, then,” Exton said. “Anything the URS doesn’t like is likely borderline seditious or treasonous, and either would greatly amuse me.” 
“Is that why you’ve come to see me?” Aerie asked, instantly riled. “To amuse yourself?” 
“It’s not the primary reason,” he drawled. “I know there’s information that we need to know while you’re here—such as who you are, what kind of trouble you’re going to give us, that sort of information. But … there are other reasons, too.”
Other reasons he wasn’t going to tell her. Aerie didn’t know if the General would even figure out what had happened to her at all. Getting picked up by the ghost of Captain Chainsword was not a likely possibility on anyone’s list, including hers. Hadn’t she spent the last couple of days convincing herself that was what actually happened? 
“I don’t think you’ll have to worry too much about any of that,” she told him bluntly. “If it’s one thing you should know about me, it’s that I’m not that important in the URS.” 
Exton backed away from her, running his hand through his hair. “I know enough to know you could be dangerous.”
“Me?” Aerie gaped at him. “I thought you said I was not skilled enough.” 
“As an assassin,” he corrected. “But there is something about you … something that’s dangerous.” 
“What will you do with me then?” she asked. She watched as he put the screen down and pushed the chair back. He was leaving her, she realized, surprised to despair at the thought. Before she could stop herself, her hand reached out and grabbed his arm. “Hey! You can’t leave. You didn’t tell me anything about who you are.” 
She felt him still under her touch.
“Don’t worry,” he said. “I think we’ll get to it. We have time.” 
“What do you mean?”  
“If you’ll accept my offer,” Exton replied, “I will extend you an opportunity to join us on the Perdition as a temporary guest. At the moment, we are not planning to make any runs down to Earth. But after the harvest is over, we can reassess your position and consider our options.” 
Harvest? Aerie frowned. 
She would have to return to that issue once her fate was decided; she was too concerned with another word he’d spoken. 
“A guest?” Aerie repeated. “But I’m from the URS. I might sabotage your ship or spy on you.” Her cheeks flushed. “Or I might cause trouble, you know, accidentally.” 
“Don’t worry,” Exton assured her. “I’ll make sure you have the proper supervision and you’re kept busy enough to keep from plotting against us. In the morning, you will be assigned to a mentor who will take excellent care of you.”
“I can’t believe you would do that,” Aerie said. Suspicion, and then anger, crept through her. “What kind of game are you playing?” 
“I don’t play games,” he told her. “But I was hoping, no doubt foolishly, that it would be enough to convince you I am not quite the monster you believe me to be.” With his other hand, he reached over and patted her head gently, almost affectionately, before letting her go and heading out. 
An unusual mix of shame, fear, and confusion at the seemingly innocent act forced her hand. “No doubt indeed,” she murmured, watching him walk out the door.

♦11♦

Exton flexed his fingers. The memory of Aerie’s hand in his burned into his mind as it warmed his flesh. A strange mix of anticipation and frustration stirred inside of him. 
Hours had passed since he’d gone to see her. Exton had been unable, or unwilling, to go back to sleep since then. He chose to pass the time in the Captain’s Lounge, but for the first time in a long time, the small world outside the window was unable to keep neither his interest nor his derision. 
From the moment he and his crew entered space, Exton had become a ghost, unchanging against the endless tides of life and space, longing only for revenge. He knew it was no coincidence he willingly adopted the title of the ghost of Captain Chainsword. 
Something about Aerie disturbed him, and he had been right to call her dangerous. For the first time in years, he felt his humanity creeping up behind him, and while he was determined to ignore it, he found that he could not ignore her. 
Sighing, he looked back out the window beside him. He had a feeling he did not really want to ignore her, either.
The earth was far enough away that he could see the entirety of it, much like he had the night of Emery’s wedding. It was strange to think that it had only been three days since he was on Earth itself, fighting and battling inside the heart of the URS.
He barely heard the door open below. 
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything this time,” Emery said in greeting. 
“No,” Exton assured her, hopping down from his perch. He landed next to her. “I’ve actually been waiting for you to show.” 
“Why?” Emery asked. “I know I’m not the only one who comes and gets you when you miss breakfast with the crew. I could have sent Mei, or Cherrie, or Alice.”
“No, please don’t send them, or any of the older daughters of the crewmembers. Ever.” 
“Why not?” Emery teased. “They’re all pretty eager to find an excuse to talk to you.” 
“And I’m rightfully terrified to give it to them,” Exton replied. “They need jobs where they don’t have to interact with me. They’re barely adults.” 
“They’re the same age as that girl we’ve managed to capture,” Emery pointed out. “You don’t seem to mind her company so much.” 
His eyes narrowed. “Spying on me, are you?” 
“Not intentionally. But I happened to be friends with some of the medics, and one or two of them mentioned you’d visited her. And checked up on her multiple times, in one way or another.” 
“So?” 
“You’ve been acting weird since we got back from Earth,” Emery told him. “And then you go and see her? In the middle of the night?” 
“There are any number of things that I tend to at night. I’ve been preoccupied,” Exton replied, scratching his head nervously. “And I thought it was good to check on her, since it’s my fault she’s here in the first place.”
Emery raised an eyebrow. “And now you’re trying to explain yourself to me?” 
“Ha! You wish.” Exton rolled his eyes. “As it happens, Emery, I was going to talk to you about her. I think I’ll let you worry about her from now on.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“I’m putting you in charge of her. She’ll be here as a temporary guest.” 
“A guest?” Emery’s mouth dropped open, reminding Exton of their mother more than ever. “Exton, she’s from the URS.” 
“So are most of us, if you recall.” 
“I mean, she’s not a member of the Ecclesia, and she’s not a refugee or a defector. Her loyalty is still to them.” 
“I know.” 
“You know,” Emery replied slowly, “but you don’t care?” 
“Em, we’re not going to make supply runs anytime soon; it’s harvest time, and the water I’ve had collected from the Memory Tree should be enough to boost our supply,” Exton reminded her. “And even while I could return her, what do you think will happen to her? She’ll be in trouble with the URS, and we both know they’re more merciless than me. While they don’t believe in God, they certainly have used quite a few of their people as martyrs, if they don’t just disappear entirely.” 
“That’s true,” Emery agreed, “but she could still turn against us.” 
“That’s why I’m putting her under your care.” 
Emery wrinkled her nose. “Gee, thanks. I guess.”
“It’ll be easy. Or at least, as easy as she’ll make it for you.”
“What do you want me to do with her?”
He shrugged. “You might as well train her. Have her assigned to a job, see if she’s useful in anything we need onboard.”
“I don’t agree with showing her the ship.” Emery crossed her arms over her chest, defiant. “I’m not even sure I agree with letting her out of the med ward. She tried to hurt you, Exton.” 
“I survived.” When she said nothing in reply, only glaring at him, he added, “I talked with her, Emery. Aerie’s not going to attack me again.” 
“Aerie?” 
“That’s her name, right?” 
“The medics had ‘Aeris’ down on their report.” 
“I’m guessing that she gave me her nickname, then,” Exton said. A sudden thought crossed his mind. “Did she give the medics a surname?”
“Rearden, if I’m not mistaken.” Emery paused. “You didn’t notice that while you were with her?” 
“I was making notes on her personality,” Exton grumbled. “Not her name.” 
“Are you sure you’re feeling all right?”  
“What’s wrong, Emery?” Exton huffed, exasperated. “I know this is a unique situation, but at most it would be three weeks we would have to deal with her.” 
“I’m worried.” 
“Then just tell me why.” 
“I’m worried she can hurt you.” 
“I just told you before she’s not going to attack me. She might be a good fighter, but I can handle her.”
“I didn’t mean in that way,” Emery said softly. “You like her.” 
He stiffened. If Emery could see it, he would have to face reality. A long, telling moment of silence passed between them before he finally replied, “Is there some reason I can’t like her?” 
“Plenty, according to your own reasons,” Emery reminded him. 
“Aren’t you the one who was concerned I would die alone and lose my soul just a week ago?” 
“So sorry for being concerned for you,” Emery sneered. “But you have to agree, this isn’t what I had in mind.” 
“Still trying to push Alice on me?” Exton teased. “Or any of the other insufferable defectors looking for a trophy for a boyfriend, or another helpless refugee only after protection?”
“No, even though Alice is a nice girl,” Emery huffed. “You know what I mean, though.” 
“I do.”
“And you still like her?” 
They were both silent for a long moment. Exton knew what Emery was thinking. He had made his plans and used the Perdition to protect the world; if he became vulnerable, it was possible he would not be the only one to suffer the consequences.
“If Aerie does decide to turn against us, we always have the upper hand,” Exton reasoned, ignoring the question. 
“I’ll take care to remind her of that, then,” Emery said with a sigh. 
“Emery.”
“I know,” she said. She reached out and touched his cheek. “Just be careful.” 
He smirked. “Duty first, Em.” 
“I know,” she reiterated. 
“I could change my mind,” he continued. “Given enough time.” 
“I can only hope.” 
Before she could do anything else—beg, plead, threaten him to do just that—the bell sounding the end of the shift rang, and it was time for her to go and take care of her new charge. 

♦♦♦♦

Aerie was reluctant to wake up. She had grown up in New Hope, which, in being underground, felt like living in a large planetarium of sorts. Being out in the middle of the real solar system was tiring. 
Tiring but beautiful. 
The nature of the solar winds, the glow of the moon or Earth, both seemingly close enough to touch—all of it radiated temptation and captivated her attention through the small windows in the med ward. 
She blamed that for her inability to sleep properly. 
All things considered, she thought as she pulled the thin blanket over her tired face, it’s for the best. There was no need to add a handsome space pirate captain to her list of reasons to stay awake when she would rather be dreaming. 
“Miss Rearden?” 
Aerie grimaced under the covers. What had possessed her to give them Brock’s last name as hers? 
Aerie sighed as she answered her own question. The medics, without Exton’s scrutiny and suspicion, proved to be too easily misled, and General St. Cloud wasn’t the greatest father in the world by far, but he was certainly the second-to-worst one to have as a father while she was on an enemy starship. 
It’s a good thing I wasn’t raised in the Osgood unit, she thought wryly. 
“Miss Rearden?” The voice was more persistent. 
Aerie pulled back the sheet and sat up. “I’m up.”  
“Good.” Tyra, one of the medics Aerie was able to recognize, smiled up at her from behind a screen. “Your assigned counselor is here to meet you. I’m just going to do one final check through your reports before discharging you to her.”
“Thanks, Tyra,” Aerie murmured. So, Exton had assigned her a caretaker already, just as he said. She’d been secretly hoping he would come and see her again before she had to move.
“No problem, miss,” the medic replied as she squinted down at some blood samples. “It’s been nice having you here with us. We always enjoy getting to know the newcomers.” 
“Thanks.” Aerie pressed down her hair, trying to get her long locks to cooperate. “Uh, Tyra, do I have enough time before I leave? I’d like to get myself organized, if I can.” 
“You’ll have plenty of time for that later,” a new voice called from the door of the med ward. “We’ll see that you’re comfortable.” 
Tyra glanced over. “I’m almost finished with my final notes, Director. Just another few moments while I get the test results for these.” 
“By all means,” the Director said, “take your time. We are in no rush.” 
Aerie studied her new counselor. Her hair was a pretty shade of brown, cut short at the chin. She was just a bit shorter than Aerie was, but Aerie could tell from just looking at her that she was older, but not by much. She was, like Exton, used to wielding authority. 
Master Browning’s bushy eyebrows flashed across Aerie’s mind, and Master Instructor Harrick’s cool gaze soon followed. Would this lady be just like them? 
“Hello,” Aerie said in polite greeting. She had to remind herself not to salute her. No need to invoke any enmity for the URS, Aerie thought. 
The Director arched an eyebrow. “You’re not going to attack me first? Well, it’s good to know you have some self-control.” 
At Tyra’s surprised expression, the Director sighed. “Tyra, leave us. Check your charts in the hall.” 
“Yes, Director.” Tyra shot an apologetic look in Aerie’s direction before collecting her gear and shuffling out the door. 
“I guess you heard about my, um, untraditional greeting,” Aerie muttered. 
“Hardly. I was the one who stopped your fight.” She pointed to Aerie’s neck. “I shot you with a tranquilizer, and you ended up collapsing.”  
“Huh.” Aerie felt annoyance bubble up inside her. “That’s funny. Exton never told me that part.”
“Exton?”
“The captain. He, uh, told me to call him by his name.” Aerie hated herself for flushing over. She was instantly reminded of being humiliated in her primary classes for daydreaming, getting caught doodling on her papers, or whispering to her friends. “I didn’t realize the titles were more important here. I guess you’d rather not call me Aerie, then? I don’t really want to be called ‘Miss Rearden,’ or ‘Comrade Rearden,’ if you don’t mind.” 
The Director sighed. “Let’s get a few things straight, Aerie,” she said, allowing Aerie to exhale in relief, “and then we’ll get started on settling you in.” 
“Sounds good to me,” Aerie replied. 
“First, I am the Coordinating Director of the Perdition, Emery Shep—uh, Caldwell, now.” She sighed. “I have a newer last name. Sometimes I forget still.” 
Her stumbling made Aerie smile. She doesn’t seem as uptight as my previous instructors. “Did you recently get assigned to be married?” Aerie asked, before she could help herself. 
“Assigned to be married?” Emery frowned. “Oh, never mind. We don’t marry as a career enhancement or replacement here. We marry for love.” 
“Love?” Aerie repeated, knowing she sounded stupid. 
“Yes. And to answer your question, yes, I did get married recently,” Emery continued. “My husband works on the Command Bridge.” 
It had been a long time since Aerie had heard the word “husband.” She was, despite her better judgment, intrigued. “Love is seen as a barbaric type of response to anything but the State in the URS,” Aerie mused aloud. “A genetic throwback response to emotional stimuli.”
“Congratulations on your recitation of the URS Brainwashing Handbook.” Emery frowned again. “I don’t seem to be ‘barbaric’ to you, do I?” 
“No, not really. But then, I don’t know. I’ve only just met you.”
“I’ve been assigned to be your counselor, and I don’t need any more incentive to make things as difficult as I can for you,” Emery told her. 
“I didn’t mean to insult you,” Aerie promised. She sighed, and her voice dropped down to a whisper. “I tend to agree with you, even though the State doesn’t allow for that.” When Emery only looked at her, she added, “My mother told me she loved me very often, but it was only in secret.” 
“Oh.” Emery cleared her throat. “Well, that’s good. You might prove to be a defector yet.” 
Aerie felt her stomach twist with guilty sickness at the thought. As Emery began to talk about her role onboard the ship, Aerie’s thoughts briefly landed on her own unit. 
Was Serena back at the military academy? Was the wreckage from the battle with Captain Chainsword still present? Were her brothers working on a way to bring her home, or were they just causing Brock trouble in pilot training? 
Did the General even know she was missing? What was Phoebe doing to the garden Aerie had tended with her mother?
Discomfort settled inside her. 
She wasn’t lying to Exton when she said she was not a top priority. Indeed, she had a feeling if it weren’t for her mother, she might not have been born at all and no one would have felt a loss at the thought. 
I just have to survive. She recounted her plan to herself. Get information, as much as possible, on the Perdition and its mysterious captain and crew, and then get home. Once there, prove idle insubordination had borne a better fruit than meaningless obedience. And then survive whatever punishment she’d earned.
Aerie couldn’t say which part was going to be the hardest to accomplish. 
“—and that’s what I do. Any questions?” 
“Uh … ” Aerie just stared at her, blank-faced, angry she’d been focused on her own plans instead of the information. “No. Not now, anyway. I can always ask questions later, right?” 
“Yes, of course,” Emery said, giving Aerie her first glimpse of a smaller smile. “Now, let me tell you about your duties.” 
Good, I didn’t miss this part. Aerie scooted closer. 
“Exton has made it so you are a guest, but to others, we’ve registered you as a refugee; we don’t have guests, as a general rule. We don’t want people in the URS thinking of it as a travel ship.” 
“Believe me, we don’t,” Aerie assured her. “I was pretty sure you were going to kill me on sight when I got up here.” 
“So you wanted to take the initiative, is that it?” 
“Yes.” Aerie felt a spark of happiness ignite inside her. It was possible she would like Emery. “That’s perfect!” 
“I think I’m beginning to see why Exton thinks it’ll be okay to have you as a guest,” Emery said. 
“Exton?” Aerie frowned. “You don’t call the captain by his title, either?” 
“No.” 
“He’s not your husband, is he?” Aerie asked, suddenly alarmed at the prospect. 
“Goodness, no.” Emery made a face. “I told you, my husband’s name is Tyler.” 
“Oh. Sorry. Exton’s not married, is he?”
 “No. He’s not.” 
At Emery’s sharp reply, Aerie’s heart fluttered helplessly. “Sorry,” she murmured, “but there’s so much to remember.” 
“It’s fine,” Emery replied, even though her tone told Aerie a different story. “You shouldn’t apologize so much.” 
“I’ve been told that by the URS, too. There’s no room for apologies when it comes to survival.” 
“The pendulum can swing the other way just as easily,” Emery told her. “Here, if you do wrong, that’s when you apologize. But there’s no need to keep apologizing for a wrong once you’ve been absolved from it.” 
“Sounds easy enough to remember.”  
“Consider it your first lesson, then. For today, we’re going to get you established in your new quarters and start scheduling you for some job training.” 
“I would like to leave the med ward. I mean, the medics are nice and all, but … I feel trapped in here.” She admitted the last part sheepishly, realizing that she was trapped on the ship. It wasn’t like being in a different room would make any difference to that reality. 
“That’s a common side effect of being in space.” Emery pointed to the bags of fluid and the devices behind her. “It’s best to make sure you didn’t have any toxins or harmful chemicals in your blood. Things happen differently in space, especially on a biological level.” 
“I’ve been wondering,” Aerie muttered. “I wasn’t terrible at science, but some of the more complicated astrophysics did leave me confused.”
“They’ll do that,” Emery agreed. “That’s why my studies were in horticulture.”
“Really?” Aerie’s eyes lit up with renewed enthusiasm. “That was what my mother pursued for a while when she was at university, before she decided to pursue a career in marriage.”
Emery gave her a wry smile. “I would appreciate it if you didn’t talk about marriage as a career. The URS has striven to remove all the love, it seems, and its intended meaning; we see its meaning coming from a different place than what they do.” 
“The love is still there,” Aerie argued. “My mother loved me.” 
“She wasn’t supposed to, at least not more than the State. And you weren’t even supposed to call her ‘Mother,’ were you?” 
Aerie bit her lip. “No, I guess not.” 
“You know,” Emery said slowly, “there are a lot of mothers and fathers here on the Perdition. You might want to get used to the idea of it.”
But what happens when I go back to the URS? 
Aerie said nothing while Emery continued. “Exton has you registered as a refugee of the URS. You’ll likely be surprised at how different things are here. You’ll be assigned to work, but we can make adjustments if you are not content.”
“Working is fine with me.” It would give her opportunities to discover more about the Perdition and its crew. “I suppose I have all the time in the world to adjust.”
Emery laughed. “We don’t have quite that much,” she amended, “but there’s no sense wasting what we have.” 
“I suppose you are right,” Aerie said. “The URS—”
“I know the stance the URS has, Aerie,” Emery interrupted. “I lived in it myself, growing up. Many people here are refugees, wanderers, and rebels. It would not be a good idea to ruin your cover as a refugee. Believe me, Exton has made your life much easier, and it would do you well to embrace his gift.” 
Warmth settled inside her. “Exton has been … an unusual host,” Aerie stated noncommittedly.
“I’m surprised to hear it as much as you,” Emery admitted. “Especially after you tried to kill him.”
“I know it might be a surprise to you,” Aerie said, “but I’m not surprised I failed at my attempt. If I challenged him again, I’d have better luck, I’m sure of it.” 
She glanced up at Emery, trying not to look as pathetically hopeful as she felt. “Will I see him around at all?” 
“He has a lot of duties as captain.” 
“I would like to thank him for his … hospitality.” Aerie decided that was the best word for it. 
“I’ll pass it along to him for you. Now, let’s get Tyra to discharge you so we can see about getting you started on your schedule … ”
As Emery rattled off a long list of things to do, Aerie stood up for the first time in days. Her hand went up to the back of her head, where Exton had touched her wound so carefully. 
A sudden thought struck her. “Where’s Moona?” she asked, interrupting Emery mid-lecture. 
“What?”
“My cat.” 
“Oh, that thing,” Emery said. She shrugged at Aerie’s frown. “Pets are not very practical,” she explained apologetically. 
“Do we have time to get her?” Aerie asked. 
“We’ll see if the medics can have her delivered to you later.” 
“Are you sure she’ll be all right?” Aerie thought of her kitten’s tendency to wander off and bit her lip in worry. 
“She should be, especially if she’s been here with you all this time,” Emery assured her. “The medics can see to her. There’s no need to fret. You should have some time to work on getting ready for your new life, anyway. Being a space pirate is interesting, to say the least.”
A space pirate. On the bright side, it did sound more exciting than working in the Comms Sec, Aerie thought. She grinned, feeling more like her regular, optimistic self. “I had a feeling it was.” 

♦12♦

“It’s lovely.” Aerie glanced around the new room, hardly daring to believe that it was now hers. 
Aerie hadn’t been sure of what to expect for a room. The URS was all about necessity, and from her class visits to the prisons and the camps, she was expecting a no more than a small pallet to sleep on and maybe a blanket, if she was lucky. 
That was not what she found to be the case when Emery unlocked her door for her. Inside, the room was much bigger than she’d imagined, though it was only a little bigger than the room in her unit. The walls were of a sturdy black and red, giving her a small but cozy place to sleep, the pattern even reminding her of home. 
There was also a closet and a bathroom, and the bed had been prepared with light gray sheets and a fluffy pillow, one much nicer than the small pad in the med ward. She pushed down the desire to pick up the pillow and bury her face in it. 
A small table and two chairs were pushed up against the far wall, making a perfect alcove for reading or studying. Assuming she could find something to read or study. 
Seeing the colors, Aerie had to wonder if the URS had done a paint job throughout the whole ship. Everything from the med ward to her room seemed to blend into everything else. There were gray floors, black walls, and red trim all over, with numbers posted and a sign on every corner. She wondered if it was just her room, or if the others were like it. 
My room. There was no one to share it with—no Serena, no classmate, no mother, no other comrade—for the first time in her entire life.
“I’m glad you think so,” Emery said behind her as she stepped inside the room and pushed some buttons, turning on more lights. “I’m sure you’ll get used to it soon enough.” 
“When is your room check?” Aerie asked. 
“We don’t do room checks here.” 
Aerie turned to face her. “Really? You don’t care if I spill things or mess things up?” 
“One thing you’ll find here on the Perdition is that you must take care of yourself for a lot of things, including making your own standards for approval. While you live here, it’s up to you to decide how clean—or in the case of some people, how unclean—you want it to be.” 
“I’m guessing that’s good as long as no one is causing a health hazard?”
Emery giggled, surprising Aerie. “Yes, that’s true. We generally frown on that.” She walked over to the small closet. “Your uniforms should have arrived already. Here,” she said, tossing one to Aerie. “Go ahead and try it on. That one will go well with your hair.” 
Aerie looked down at the uniform. The light material was colored a light blue with some black trim. It reminded her of Exton’s eyes.
“There are some additional items in here,” Emery told her. “Boots, a belt, socks, gloves. Here’s the jacket, if you’re still a bit cold.” 
“I’ve seen this material before,” Aerie said. “It’s the same the URS uses.” 
“We don’t spend much time searching for new resources for our crew when it comes to clothes.” Emery nodded toward the uniform. “You’ll find a lot of what we use here is similar to or the same as the URS.” 
“Why do you hate them so much?” Aerie asked. “I mean, sure, their national pride can be excessive, maybe, but everyone has a job, a unit, and a place to be in the URS, and it’s all given freely.” 
Emery shook her head. “It’s hardly free, Aerie.” 
“I don’t understand then,” Aerie replied. What could be worth giving up fairness and a means to survival? 
“Have you ever seen anyone in the URS who didn’t want to live the way they told them to?” Emery asked. 
Before Aerie could reply, she thought about the homeless people cast out from the city, the ones she saw the few times she went to the surface. “A couple,” she muttered. 
“Then I’m surprised,” Emery admitted. “Usually they kill or imprison dissenters or insurgents. Of course, their Reeducation Program has a high success rate. We’ve only managed to help a couple of them after that.”
Aerie thought about the Reeducation Program. They did have a funny look on their faces when they left, she recalled, one that didn’t seem natural. 
Feeling uncomfortable, she made her way into the bathroom and changed into her new clothes. Emery began programming her room settings. 
“You’ll be assigned to follow me around for the most part of this morning,” Emery told her through the door. “You’ll have some time, like all refugees, to get acquainted with the ship and its communities. You’ve been assigned to work on basic tasks first.” 
Aerie looked at herself in the small mirror. Her hair was still messy. Her uniform felt comfortable, even with the jacket. Three days in the med ward had left her wanting warmth. Her eyes, she noticed, were wide, but no longer with fear. 
More like overwhelmed, Aerie decided. 
She’d been taught that the Perdition was well-named, that it was the most terrible of places to wind up, that Captain Chainsword and his crew were ruthlessly unprincipled and eager to spill blood. 
Maybe they were just ghost stories, Aerie thought. Designed to keep her from questioning too much. 
“Don’t be a fool,” she whispered to herself. These people owe you nothing. There must be a reason they are giving you this room, these nice things. They are laughing at you. They want you to believe them, and that’s when they’ll strike.
“If you haven’t seen it yet, there are some supplies for your hair and teeth in the drawer by the mirror,” Emery called out, delighting Aerie with the discovery. 
A few moments later, dressed and cleaned up, Aerie walked back into her room. Emery was standing at her kitchenette. “I’m making tea,” she told her. “I hope you don’t mind. I wasn’t sure how long you would be.” 
“I don’t mind,” Aerie said. “I’ve never been in a pirate starship before. There’s a lot to learn and just look at, really.” 
“Understandable.” Emery gestured to the table, carrying over two cups. “Are you hungry? There’s more in the cabinets, though not a whole lot. If you get really hungry, you’ll need to go down to Level Three.” 
“Right now, I’m too distracted to be hungry. The medics did give me some food before I left.” 
“They always take good care of our patients,” Emery murmured into her cup. 
“I’ve never been treated so well,” Aerie admitted. She suddenly laughed. “One time, I broke my arm when I was younger, and I had to go to the Medical Center in New Hope. I had to wait for nearly six hours with my mom while they tried to get me situated. It wasn’t fun.” 
“I can imagine,” Emery said. “Depending on what day it was, it could have been longer. Medical supplies are usually delayed in the URS, even in the capital.” 
“How do you know that?” Aerie asked. “It wasn’t too bad. And at least I got treated. Eventually.” 
“Tyler, my husband, worked in computer tech. He has a sister, Meredith, who had to go to the Med Center for a blood transfusion. After nearly five hours, when it became clear she would be waiting, he hacked into the system to see if he could get her in faster. It turned out they wouldn’t have been able to see her at all, until their new supplies came in three days later. She would have been dead.” 
“That sounds awful.” Aerie remembered how nervous her mother had been in the Med Center, even though a broken arm was hardly life threatening. “Her mother must have been worried.” 
“It’s the fact that the hospital didn’t admit they couldn’t treat her that bothered Tyler. They slipped out and he was able to track down a small church house, home to some members of the Ecclesia, where medical treatment was possible.” 
“So the medics, then, are they from the Ecclesia? I saw their insignia. I know they’re not from MENACE.” 
“No, they’re not from MENACE.” Emery’s brusque response made Aerie flinch. 
“Just wondering. I’ve never seen it before.” 
“Many of them are student apprentices here,” Emery explained. “They are part of the Ecclesia. As are most people aboard the ship.” 
“I’ve never heard of that nation before I came here.” 
“They are more than a nation. They share something deeper than culture and rules, and even a leader.” 
“Isn’t Exton their leader?” 
“No, Exton is the captain of the ship. It’s different.” 
“Oh.” Aerie frowned. “That’s unusual.” 
“It’s more of a religion,” Emery explained. “I’m sure that the URS has not told you anything about religion, since it is forbidden by the State, and anything forbidden by the State is evil.” 
“I see,” she murmured, disturbed at how much that made sense. Maybe a little too much sense. Aerie looked down. She tried some of the tea, surprised at the sweet taste. “So, how long will I be here?”
“We don’t know yet.” 
“What if my unit is looking for me?” 
“They won’t find you.” Emery set down her cup. “It’s pretty simple. The ship is currently out of range for most messages. We’re currently headed back around the moon once more, and then we’ll head back toward Earth since it is the end of our growing season. We don’t have much longer before the harvest.” 
Before Aerie could ask about the harvest, Emery added, “Right now, only Dictator Osgood and General St. Cloud, and possibly a few others, would have access to the satellite feeds they would need in order to be able to reach us.” 
Aerie felt her breath leave her. She knew the General would not be happy to discover his daughter had been taken as a prisoner—guest—aboard an enemy ship. And she didn’t think she would be safe letting Emery know she was the daughter of the highest-ranking general in the enemy state. They’d been nice enough to her as an accidental refugee. As a political piece, she would surely suffer. 
“What if I wanted to send a message?” 
“You’re not allowed.” Emery sat back in her chair. “Right now, we’re not enemies, Aerie, unless you insist on it.”
“I already told Exton I was the enemy,” Aerie grumbled. “For all the good it did.” 
Emery frowned. “You’re our guest, by our mistake, and we want to do what we can to make you feel welcome here. But we can’t have you threaten the rest of the ship. I assume from what he’s told me that Exton thought you would cooperate.” 
Aerie flinched. “I will,” she said, her voice barely audible as she thought about her self-assigned reconnaissance mission. 
“It’s better for your family, too, if you refrain from contacting them, despite what you might think. The URS might see your family as a threat to the State,” Emery went on, ignoring Aerie’s sudden apprehension. “They could see you reaching out to them from the Perdition as an anti-establishment movement, a resistance of sorts.” 
Aerie was about to object, when she realized Emery had the right of it. Thinking about her PAR, Aerie knew the URS didn’t take well to non-conformity, political or otherwise. “I guess with my mother dead, there’s no reason anyone would miss me.” 
“Your mother’s gone?” Emery’s eyes softened, and Aerie was surprised by the genuine empathy she saw in her eyes. “I’m sorry to hear that. My mother has passed on, too.” 
“My mom was a great lady,” Aerie said quietly. “I miss her so much it hurts to think of her. It’s been close to five years now. She died just after my birthday.” 
“My mom died about ten years ago, a few months after my father. For a long time, I cried when I thought about her.”
Aerie nodded, unable to say anything. I should be used to being shocked by now, she thought. Having something in common with her enemy surprised her, especially something as deep and painful and true as missing a mother.
“I felt better after Exton told me it hurt more not to think of her,” Emery said. “I always liked that. He’s really clever like that sometimes, but you can’t let him get a big head over it or he’ll just be insufferable.” 
“He knew your mother?” 
“Oh. I’m his sister.” 
Aerie gaped. “You are?” 
Emery smiled, and Aerie could see a small dimple appear, just like the one Exton had over the left corner of his mouth. “Yes, I don’t mention it too often,” she said. “We don’t look much alike. We both help run the ship and keep our parents’ legacies alive.” 
Aerie just continued to watch her, mentally berating herself as she blushed. 
“There’s no need to be embarrassed,” Emery told her.
Embarrassment quickly transformed to anger. “I just didn’t realize he’d be sending you to spy on me for him.” 
“He’s not like that.” Emery sighed. “You don’t need to be so paranoid.” 
“I’m paranoid?” 
“Seems like it,” Emery muttered as she picked up her cup and headed toward the compact dishwasher. “I don’t know why he likes you. That would get on my nerves after a while.” 
Aerie felt her blush go from red to purple. Exton likes me? 
“Maybe he feels sorry for you,” Emery continued, talking more to herself than Aerie, making Aerie’s stomach tumble once more, despite the tea. “That would explain why he’s been so nice.” 
“You’ll have to ask him about it,” Aerie muttered. “I certainly gave him no reason to like me.” 
“There’s no point in asking him to explain himself,” Emery told her, stating it with such a resigned quality Aerie knew she was familiar with it. “Let’s just get to business, shall we?” 
She nodded, trying her best not to show her irritation. Let’s get this over with. I can start collecting information on the Perdition faster if we can get out of here.
“Here is where your schedule is posted,” Emery said, pointing to the screen placed beside the door. “You can change it between daily and weekly settings. Today, you’re going to follow me around the ship for the morning and you’ll be working on Level Five. At the end of this shift, you’ll be free to congregate with the other families and crewmembers on Level Three.” 
“Oh? I’ll have free time?” Aerie had to stop herself from wriggling her butt in excitement. That would give her time to go investigating, she thought.  
“Yes,” Emery told her. She pressed another button on the screen. “Here’s a map of the ship here. Your room is on this level, in the centerfold region of the ship. We are on Level Two”—she pointed to the different floors—“and this here, Level Five, is where you’ll start working later. The med ward is on Level One. Other floors are off-limits to you at this time, such as where our researchers and our students are working.” 
“What’s this?” Aerie asked, pointing to the large oval-shaped room on the screen’s diagram. “Is that where the engine is?” 
“No.” Emery paused. “That’s the Biovid.” Before Aerie could ask more about it, she continued, “Here’s where your room is. We’ll start familiarizing you with the ship from here.” 
Aerie nodded. “I think I’ll be able to handle the screen. It’s similar to the URS tech, too.” Although not the new NETech, she thought with a small smile.
“Good. It also acts as an intercom and public announcement device. You can get news from its different channels, though we really only have the station that’s run by our students and a couple from Earth that are filtered through the ship.” She smiled wistfully. “The Ecclesia are very fond of music, you know.” 
“That’s nice.” Even if it seems a bit frivolous. Aerie had only heard music at ceremonies and graduations, and she could understand the appeal of it to some people. Brock had mentioned once how music didn’t seem to encourage the proper, pious attitude most befitting the State, and ever since then Aerie had found his remark to be true. 
She decided not to mention it to Emery. Aerie turned her attention to the bit of information she could use to help herself. “You get Earth news up here?” 
“We’re very aware of what happens on Earth, Aerie,” Emery said. “It’s part of our survival to know. You’ll be able to see some of the reports on Levels Three and Four when you head down for your meals and entertainment.” 
Aerie hoped fervently that there were not any broadcasts about General St. Cloud’s missing unit member. She sidestepped Emery and picked up the boots she’d seen earlier. “Well, let’s get moving. After all that time in the med ward, I’m ready to stretch my legs a bit more.” 

♦13♦

The beeping noise was bothersome, Exton decided as he stepped onto the Command Bridge, but it was well worth its trouble to hear it. The notification system only beeped when he had messages, and he only had messages when he managed to anger the right people in the URS. 
Specifically, Dictator Osgood. 
Although it could be General St. Cloud as well now. He weighed his options of erasing the messages or answering them. 
He pressed down on the “Delete” button. There was no need to answer if he had the upper hand. 
“Thanks, Cap,” Jared replied from behind the control monitor. “That was getting annoying.” 
“I agree,” Exton remarked. “It is much less irritating in here without the constant reminder of the URS.” 
“It wasn’t anything important, was it?” 
“I doubt it. More bluster and pomp, probably. Or maybe the bounty on our heads got bigger.” 
“They’re going to run out of credit and gold at this rate,” Jared said with a laugh. 
Exton nodded. “Give me the reports.” 
“We’re back to the usual path, Cap. The ship is circling around the earth again, following its path with the moon. Currently, we’re … ”
As Jared began his daily chore of updating him on the condition of the ship, the solar winds, the monitors, and various other atmospheric considerations, Exton noticed another blinking light. 
“Tyler,” he called, interrupting Jared’s exposition. “Get Emery up here. Aunt Patty’s got a message for us.”
“Okay, Captain,” Tyler responded from the forward main control.  
“Sorry, Jared,” Exton apologized. “Continue, please.”
“That’s all I had, Cap.” 
“Oh. Well, good job. Keep me updated on any navigation concerns.” 
“Will do.” Jared cleared his throat. “The only other thing I thought I’d bring to your attention is from one of the Tech System managers, Greer. She says there’s been some unusual activity near the Old Nova Scotian shores.” 
“What kind of activity?” 
“A lot of movement,” he said. “She’s working night shift, but I read her report from last night. She said several vehicles, military grade, were driving up from New Hope over the past two days.” 
“Could it be training for the newbies, since that just graduated?” Exton thought about Aerie. He didn’t need to look further than her to recall how he had interrupted the URS’s graduation day. 
“It’s possible,” Jared said. “But unusual.”
Unusual was never an always or never situation, Exton knew. Still, he thought it best to check it out. “Have the report sent down to me. See if the day shift can track any other activity in the area to get a better idea of what we’re dealing with here.” 
“Yes, sir,” Jared replied. “I’ll get that to you right away, sir.” 
Tyler came up behind him. “He’s eager to please.” 
“You have him well-trained, that’s for sure.”
“Being a people-pleaser has its advantages. I would know.” 
“Not always,” Exton replied with a smirk. “I can name a few times for you when it was not only not an advantage, but an inconvenient and dangerous one.”
Tyler shrugged. “Sometimes fun and standing your moral ground are the same thing.” 
“Agreed. Is Emery coming?” 
“She’s on her way. She’s got your new recruit in tow.” 
Exton felt a rush of satisfaction. “Good. She’ll get to see the Command Bridge while she’s here then. That’ll take care of some of Emery’s tasks. I like getting on Em’s good side.” 
“It’s good to do it while you can,” Tyler said, “especially if you’re determined to get on her bad side so frequently. She told me you have a crush.” 
“I should have known she would tell you,” Exton muttered with a grimace. 
“You have to admit, it’s a fitting punishment for all the teasing you gave us while we were dating,” Tyler replied. 
“Poetic justice has never been my strong suit.” 
“I know. You prefer revenge.” 
Exton shot him a glare, but before he could respond further to his best friend’s teasing, the door behind him opened. “Get ready,” Exton muttered to Tyler. “I’m going to have you talk to her. And Tyler, I’ll need you to keep it light. She doesn’t know the truth about the Perdition, or the URS or any of that.” 
“From what I’ve heard, she should be interesting.” 
“She is.” 
Exton turned just as Emery came up to him, Aerie following behind her. In her new uniform and freshened up, Aerie radiated vitality. She was clearly enjoying her newfound freedom aboard, no longer confined to the med ward. Her eyes were round and large, trying to mask her curiosity. 
He knew the moment she saw him; he was gratified to see a slight flush appear over her cheeks as she met his gaze for the shortest second of his life.  
“What did you need, Exton?” 
Exton didn’t have to exude any effort in ignoring Aerie while Emery demanded his attention. He gave Emery a welcoming smile before drawing her aside. “Something has come up. Follow me. Tyler, please watch our guest here for a moment.” 
Exton glanced behind him enough to see Aerie frown a bit at his abruptness, but he knew Tyler could smooth things over easily.  
“What’s happened?” Emery asked as they headed over to a small room off the Bridge. 
“Aunt Patty’s sent us another message,” he told her. “I thought you’d like to be here when I played it.” 
“There’s no other reason you could possibly want me here, is there?” Emery’s brow arched suspiciously. 
“I’ll admit it’s nice to have your charge join us here on the Command Bridge,” Exton replied, “but family is family.” 
“I guess it has been a few weeks since we last heard from her,” Emery admitted. “Play the message.” 
Exton pressed down on the blinking button, and a moment later a voice that reminded him so much of his mother’s filled the small room. 
“Hi, kids. Wanted to give you a call. I know it’s close to the anniversary. Also wanted to give my best blessing to Emery and her new husband … ”
“That’s all?” Exton muttered in a blistered tone. “Sheesh. She could have waited. We’ll see her soon enough, won’t we?” 
“Stop talking,” Emery hissed, punching him on the shoulder. “There’s more.” 
“The settlement is growing in number, but we’ve been careful to screen everyone as they come in. We have enough people to get much of the work done … ”
“It’s just an update,” Exton grumbled. 
“Shut up.” 
“ … a new refugee from the Old West is here now. He says there are only a few pockets of resistance left up north now. He worked in the Comms Sec; he says that the URS has a new tool for their communications. I wanted to warn you … ”
“They’re changing their communication method?” Emery repeated. “That’s not good.” 
“I knew something was wrong.” Exton shook his head as he paused the message. “And no, Em, it wasn’t guilt.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“When we attacked, Osgood sent out a bunch of fighter jets and began launching a lot of attacks.” 
“I know,” Emery said. “You mentioned that it was out of character for him.” 
“And it was. And this is why. He’s mobilizing his forces. He’s planning something.” 
“So?” 
“So, more people are in danger.” 
“They’ve always been in danger with him in charge.” 
“They’re using us as an excuse for battle now.”
“Which is what they’ve been doing since we’ve been here,” Emery reminded him. 
“We’ve managed to derail their space program, and to keep them at an impasse for the past six years,” Exton continued. “They must have something that’s a game changer.” 
Emery started to look worried. “I see.”
Exton’s face was grim. “We need to know what they’re planning.” 
“I’ll send Aunt Patty a message back and let her know we’re on it.”  
“Good. Once you’re done, have the Tech Systems recheck their satellite monitoring. There’s no use worrying about new communications if we can find a different frequency or see if there’s a missed code somewhere in what we do have.” 
“Okay,” Emery approved. “Anything else you want me to do that will keep me preoccupied long enough for you to get some time in with Aerie?” 
“Aerie?” he repeated. “You’re calling her that, too, are you?” 
Emery frowned. “She asked me to.”
Regardless of her curt reply, Exton smiled. “You can see why I like her.”
“She’s silly enough with some of her ideas and her questions,” Emery said slowly, “but she’s fairly easy to like.” At Exton’s grin, she wrinkled her nose and added, “Or at least easy enough to get along with.” 
“That’s the sister I know,” Exton replied with a laugh. “What else did you learn about her?” 
“She doesn’t trust us, but she likes us,” Emery said. “She was impressed with the med care.” 
“Most refugees are.” 
“Her mother died when she was younger.” 
“No wonder you’ve taken a liking to her. You like having people to mother.” 
Emery frowned. “She’s interested in plants.” 
“Keep her out of the Biovid for a few more days, then. I have the Memory Tree being processed in there. There’s no need to make her hate me more.” 
“I don’t think she hates you, although she might wish it.” Emery smiled. “You’re a puzzle to her.” 
“And she’s curious.”
“Yes.” 
“I noticed that pretty quickly, myself.” Exton grinned. “Are you relatively certain she won’t try to kill us now?” 
“Relatively.” She sighed. “But I’m not sure she would join us. There’s something holding her back, and it’s strong.” 
“What do you think it is?” 
“Not a boyfriend, if you’re worried about that,” Emery teased. “I’d guess pride, but I’m not sure.” 
“Good to know.” He was almost out the door when he turned back to her. “One more thing, Em. This message is confidential. I don’t mind if you tell Tyler, but keep it quiet. We still don’t have specifics.” 
“Will do.” 
The thought of the URS doing anything was rightfully terrifying, but it could be a sign of desperation. Maybe the end was coming for the URS.
Exton almost groaned to himself. He had just decided it was okay to let his heart breathe a little. Was it possible he was buying into the idea of optimism already? 
As if in answer to his question, Exton heard Aerie laugh. Turning to see her, to look at her, to watch her hair catch the light as it fell in soft waves down her back … he decided he couldn’t help it, any more than he could stop himself from liking her in the first place. 
“What’s so amusing?” he asked, coming up to Tyler. 
“I was just telling Aerie how I met Emery for the first time.” Tyler straightened his posture at Exton’s approach. “You have to admit, Exton, it was kind of funny. I mean, you hadn’t even mentioned you had a sister while we at university together. I was just getting to the part where Emery came around asking for you, Exton, and I’d been talking to her about ‘my roommate’ and his irritating, antisocial habits.”
“Never say so.” Aerie smiled as she turned to face Exton, who only shrugged in response. “He didn’t tell me she was his sister either,” Aerie told Tyler, “so I can sympathize with you.” 
“For what?” Exton asked. “Looking like an idiot, or just feeling like one?” 
“Maybe a bit of both,” Aerie snapped, turning her full attention to him. “Seems inconsiderate, really.” 
“You should be flattered I have a habit of neglecting to inform others of my family,” Exton told her. “It would really only be inconsiderate if I lied to you about it.” 
“You lied about her spying on me.” 
“She’s the best we have, and more compassionate than me by half.” Exton rolled his eyes. “I’m not interested in spying on you. If I was, I’d be able to set up a cam in the med ward much more easily than lose my Coordinating Director to be your personal escort around the ship.” 
“I should have had my cam to record you saying that,” Tyler remarked. “She would have loved hearing it.” 
“Well, don’t tell her about it. She doesn’t need the praise.” 
“She said the same thing about you,” Aerie recalled. “It seems you have a lot in common.” 
“Then in that case, I would say it was the poor observational training the URS gave you, rather than my lapse in manners,” Exton said. “That makes sense, given the other areas in which the URS has been lacking in preparing their students.” 
“Hey,” Aerie objected. “I’ll gladly show you just how ‘lacking’ they were in preparing me for battle. Just tell me where to meet you, and we’ll have a rematch.” 
“I won the original match. There’s no need for me to agree to a rematch.” 
“Only because you had help.” Aerie smirked. “Emery told me she was the one who had to sedate me after I attacked you.”
“She didn’t apologize for that, did she?” Exton shook his head. “My goodness, lady, what are you doing to my crew?” 
Aerie laughed again, and Exton smiled. When he saw the amused expression on Tyler’s face, he quickly hid it. “There’s no need for you to stain my honor over a technicality.” 
“Getting tranquilized is hardly a technicality.” 
“You were almost done fighting anyway,” Exton insisted. “Emery just helped put you over the edge. I still would have won, and it would have been a lot more painful for you.” 
“I disagree. I could have had you knocked out before she stepped in and you stepped up.” Aerie brushed back a lock of her hair from her face. “Come on. Just agree to a rematch. Deal?” 
She held out her hand, and Exton only paused for a moment before taking it. “Fine,” he agreed. “Just let me know when you’re free, and we’ll schedule it.”
“I’d bet anything the crew would love to watch. Maybe we could set up a cam in the gymnasium?” Tyler suggested. 
Exton glared at him. “I don’t think so.” 
“Scared?” Aerie asked, the grin on her face glowing with anticipation. 
“No,” Exton told her. “Just irritated I have to attend to a childish need for attention.” 
“I am not a child.” She frowned. “You’re such a—”
“All right, Exton,” Emery spoke up, interrupting Aerie’s argument. “I got those tasks finished up. Now, please excuse me and my charge. We were headed down to Level Five, where Aerie’s scheduled for some basic work training.” Glancing at Aerie’s face, she frowned. “Exton, you really need to stop provoking her, you know.” 
“I didn’t say anything,” Exton assured her, making Aerie scowl. He squeezed her hand gently, enough to make her blush, before letting go. “Excuse me. Duty first.” 
Exton could hear Emery’s sigh as he walked away.

♦14♦

When they arrived on Level Five, Aerie felt her face finally return to its normal temperature. 
“I’d just let it go,” Emery told her. “Exton has a strange sense of humor.” 
“I didn’t think he was joking about the child remark,” Aerie muttered. 
“Then stop acting like one,” Emery said. 
“I’m not acting like one.” 
“I’m sure that’s just what a child would say, too.” 
Aerie was about to respond when she saw Emery had a kind smile on her face. I’ll show them, she thought, when I beat him in battle. 
“For the next part of your shift,” Emery said, “you’re going to be working on Level Five with some of our other crewmembers. I will pick you up here, by the elevator, when the shift is over.” 
Aerie looked up and down the endless halls. “Which elevator is this?” 
“This is the forward port elevator,” Emery replied. “It’s one of the few elevators that can go to all levels of the ship.” 
“When will I get to see the other levels?” 
“Some you won’t. Others you’ll get to see as you work through basic training and move onto more advanced jobs.” 
Aerie smiled. “So what is basic?” she asked. “I know that the URS has basic training for combatants. Is that similar?” 
Emery gave her a reluctant laugh. “Goodness, no. Not at all.” 
“What is it then?” 
“Basic starts with basic duties. Cleaning and repairs top the list.” 
“Cleaning?” Aerie repeated.
“Yep. Cleaning. Here comes your instructor now,” Emery said, nodding toward a tall shadow making its way down the hall. 
Aerie straightened her posture as an older lady approached, followed by a girl Aerie thought seemed close to her own age. There’s no harm in making a good impression, Aerie told herself, even though I know I’m not obligated to. 
“Aerie, this is Olga, our Level Five Manager, and one of her assistants, Alice.” Emery gestured to the long halls. “Olga runs this level and sees to the cleaning of the entire ship.” 
Aerie gave a small smile to Alice, who seemed to be studying her. At the strange look on Alice’s face, Aerie took an uncomfortable step back. 
She decided to focus her attention on her instructor instead. Olga’s dark eyes and bushy hair made Aerie wonder if she could have been Master Browning’s mother, had she been born in an earlier time.
“It’s no easy task, neither,” Olga remarked. She inclined her head in greeting. “So we got a new recruit, do we? Another refugee?” 
“Yes,” Aerie spoke up. “Please call me Aerie. I’m here to learn how to clean today.” 
“Cleaning is secondary,” Olga told her. “Caring for yourself and others is primary.” 
While Aerie was momentarily confused at the lady’s comment, Emery stepped forward and instructed Olga on the timeline and other matters; Aerie barely listened, already figuring that Emery was warning Olga in some kind of manner or code what to expect from her as a former URS member. 
Not even former, Aerie corrected herself. She was a reluctant recruit to the Perdition and her crew at best. An enemy, at worst. 
An outsider, no question. 
Alice sighed, nearly making Aerie glance over at her. There was a hardened gleam in her eyes, one that surprised Aerie. 
Was it possible Alice didn’t like her? 
Aerie wasn’t sure why Alice would have a problem with her; glancing at her, she was sure she’d never even seen Alice before. 
It’s not like I am not used to it. Recalling how she would feel once other students found out she was St. Cloud’s charge, Aerie gave up. 
She surveyed the surroundings; much of it seemed like an endless hallway, the same as the level where her room was located. But she had a feeling that these rooms were made for storage, more than people. Cleaning meant supplies, and sometimes machines, even in the URS. 
Surely this can’t be that different from home, she thought. 
“Don’t worry, Director, I’ll see to her care,” Olga said, jerking Aerie back to the situation at hand. “So, Aerie, was it? A bit of an unusual name.”
“My mother’s choice,” Aerie murmured.
Olga’s eyes twinkled in appreciation. “I can see why you joined with us. You’ve figured out there’s no one to love you down there, huh?” 
“What?” Aerie sputtered. “Of course­—” She put her hand over her mouth, hurriedly glancing at Alice. As far as she knows, I’m supposed to be here. “I mean, of course.” 
Olga laughed, her broad figure radiating warmth. “You remind me a bit of my eldest daughter, Misha. She had some trouble adjusting after we defected too, even though her heart had defected before her brain realized it.” 
“I’m not stupid,” Aerie objected. 
Alice giggled from behind, making Aerie wish she’d been better about controlling herself.
“I didn’t mean it as an insult, hun. I was just saying that you’ll grow into this place just fine, even though it might take some time,” the lady replied. “Come, follow me and we’ll get you started, won’t we, Alice?” 
Alice nodded dutifully. “Yes, Madame.” 
“There’s a reason they start the other new refugees down here, you know.” 
“What? Why is that?” Aerie asked, using two steps for each one Olga took. 
“Well, me, for one.” Olga smiled. “I was born in the URS, up in the northern part of the UNA before it changed its name. My mama had come from the Old Federation, and we knew the signs quite well when it came to revolution.” 
“Revolution is not always a bad thing,” Alice said from behind them. 
“Yes, that is true, Alice,” Olga said as she pulled out a large key ring. 
Aerie stared; she’d never seen so many keys at once. She was further surprised to see they were not digital keys, but keys that looked like museum relics from the Old Republic. 
“But you have to agree revolution is not always good, either, because it usually means there are such polarized opponents that there is no way to handle conversations without violence or extreme measures.” After jiggling the lock, Olga opened the first door. “Let’s get a smock to cover your uniform before we begin, Aerie. It’d be a shame to get a pretty thing like you all messy.” 
Shameful at how happy the woman’s compliment made her feel, Aerie took the coverlets Olga held out to her and handed one to Alice. It was followed by several other tools, including a few Aerie couldn’t identify. As she studied them in a state of half-dread and half-intrigue, she turned her attention to Olga. “How long have you been on the Perdition?” 
“I was picked up shortly after they launched the ship,” Olga said, stacking up more items on a nearby cart. “Captain Chainsword used many of the trees from the mountains near my home.” 
“Used?” 
“Trees can carry large supplies of water,” Olga told her. “Some of the Redwoods were able to hold more than eleven hundred gallons at a time.”
Aerie thought of the Memory Tree. It had been close to eighty feet tall. Was water what Exton had been after, in addition to revenge?
“It doesn’t hurt that the ones we have here can be used in the air filtration systems aboard, too, so there’s always a pretty good supply of oxygen.” 
“So … trees have their uses here in space?”
“Yes, indeed,” Olga told her. “Now, since you’re from the URS, tell me what experience you have.” 
“I was a new grad,” Aerie murmured. “I didn’t have any work experience.” 
“I know they always make you do something,” Olga said. “What did you do in your free time?” 
“Uh … ”
“Did you train with the combat groups? Research studies?” 
“If I wasn’t training, I mostly daydreamed. Sometimes I would sneak out,” Aerie admitted, her face turning red. I need to stop blushing so much. These people are obviously different from the URS. There’s no need to make them think I am lying. 
“Frequently?” 
If she had been home in the URS, she would have lied. But here, she decided to take Exton’s advice to heart, as much as she could; she didn’t see any point in making who she was into something else. It helped that the crew seemed to appreciate her faults on more than one occasion.   
“Sometimes,” Aerie admitted. “I liked going outside, even though it wasn’t really allowed.” 
“Then you should have some good cleaning experience,” Olga said. “You would have had to, or you would have been punished for disobeying orders.” 
Aerie thought about the mud and the dirt she would have tracked home. Maybe that was how the General found out about my trips to the Memory Tree, she thought bitterly. I didn’t clean well enough. “I’ve cleaned my rooms before.”
“We’re not talking about organizing things in a certain way. We’re talking about making sure things are in the best condition possible for the people we love and watch out for.” 
“What’s the difference?” Aerie snorted. 
“The URS just wanted you to do things a certain way. Anyone can follow orders.” 
She was surprised by how Olga seemed to echo her own thoughts. 
“Aren’t Alice and I just following orders by getting training done?” Aerie glanced over at Alice, who had just come in from the opposite end of the hall. There was a surprised look on Alice’s face that made Aerie almost laugh. Has she really never challenged anything that Olga’s told her to do? 
“I didn’t order you to do nothing yet, hun.” Olga grinned.
Alice spoke up as she finished tying her own cleaning smock. “Blind obedience and purposeful work are two different things.” 
An unsettling feeling crept down Aerie’s back as her own arguments to the General popped into her mind. She suddenly wondered if Exton had managed to let his crew know of her uncertainties regarding the URS. She stiffened, taking another step away from Olga. 
“We’re going to start with this level,” Olga told her, ignoring her sudden aversion. “We have ten levels on the ship to clean, and several hallways inside each; of course, we don’t often clean the Captains’ rooms or the hangar. He told us not to worry about his own hellish chambers.” She laughed.  
“He said that?” Aerie asked. 
“He’s a good boy,” Olga said, almost as if she could read Aerie’s mind. “And a better captain. But I think he’s lonely.” 
That surprised Aerie—the idea that the space pirate captain, the one she’d been taught to fear and hate, was lonely. “So you like him?” 
“Well enough. I don’t see much of him during the day to day, of course. The Ecclesia is who’s really in charge, but the captain is still the leader. He gives us orders to protect us, and we well know it. He’s risked so much for us.” 
“He has you on a ship floating around the earth,” Aerie pointed out. “I would say you’ve risked more.” 
Alice cleared her throat. “Some of us,” she said, “would risk even more for him, too, for all he’s done for us.” 
Aerie turned to face the girl. Alice’s bright blonde hair was long enough to cover her eyes as she turned away, but Aerie was sure, from the inflection in her voice, Alice had a great admiration for her captain. 
Olga squinted at her cleaning, aging her ten years. “I would have nothing to risk my life on, if it weren’t for Captain and the Ecclesia.” 
Aerie turned her attention back to Olga. “You’re part of the Ecclesia?” 
“Have you heard of it?” Olga asked. She nodded to the last door at the end of the hall. “Here’s where we’ll start today.” 
“The URS outlaws religion,” Aerie reminded her. “So, not really.” 
“The Ecclesia was an underground movement at one time. They worship God as the Creator of all things, and perfect in love, power, and goodness. They didn’t believe government should tell people how or what to worship.” 
“So they have a council that tells you what to believe and how to act?” 
“You can’t order someone to love you,” Olga said, pulling out a cleaning tool. “But if you do love someone, there are good ways to demonstrate your love. The Ecclesia have kept their beliefs regarding that since the Old Republic fell, and their ancestors, even before that, for thousands of years.”
“Thousands of years?” It was hard for Aerie to imagine such a great expanse of time. The URS was not even a hundred years old.
“I’m sure that one of the elders would be happy to tell you the history if you’re interested. Father Dennis, the Reverend Thorne, and Brother Donald are the main leaders. They’re brothers, close to my husband’s age. We attend their services every week, if you’d like to join me.” 
“Oh. Well, I’ll think about it,” Aerie said noncommittedly. She was already doubtful. How could a good god’s religion be in charge of holding the world hostage with nuclear arms? 
Besides, sometimes there was danger in knowing the answers to questions. And not just danger, Aerie thought. There was also suffering, confusion, hatred, and fear. 
That was part of the reason the State took care of things like that, Aerie recalled, feeling a sudden sense of appreciation. 
“The best thing to do when it comes to cleaning is to start at the top. I work my way left to right, like I’m reading a book. Old language habit, but it works for cleaning. You start with the ceiling. Any stains, discoloration, or any damage has to be checked. Proper diagnosis matters. If you don’t know the cause of something, it’s unlikely you know the cure.” 
Aerie nodded as Olga continued. Alice took to cleaning in different rooms. Aerie was glad for a small reprieve from her company; while Alice seemed agreeable enough, there was something disquieting about her presence. 
“From the ceiling, check all devices; if you end up cleaning the bottom only to find a problem at the top, you’ll have to clean everything again. No sense in wasting time and energy on inefficiency.” 
Aerie scanned the hallway. “I don’t see any marks.”
“You got to look closer,” Olga insisted. “Imperfections will try to hide, and not just in people. Behind fixtures, under shadows, even in plain sight. Check again. And then check again. Be sure before you move onto the walls. There’s nothing inefficient about using time to check to make sure you’re right.” 
Aerie had a feeling Olga was going to be just as demanding as Master Browning had been. 
Aerie soon realized that while she was every bit as demanding as she’d feared, Olga was still enjoyable. She liked to talk more than Master Browning did (unless he was shouting). As Aerie listened to Olga’s stories, she found the time slipping by quickly, with little effort.  
Olga told her about growing up in the Western URS after the time of the Old Republic, and how she had found about the Perdition. Aerie could barely hear Olga tell her story over the loud vibrating of her Sprayvac, but she heard enough to giggle at the right time and ask questions. 
She flicked the switch off and felt her ears tingle. “So, Olga,” she asked, “why did you think life up here was better?” 
“Life up here is better,” Olga insisted. “We are here by choice and blessed opportunity, Aerie. You should know that.” 
“I do,” she said, “but there’s just such a difference. It seems like a hard jump to make.” 
“It’s hard for some people,” Olga agreed. “It’s hard to be open to trust people, and work with people, even those who are not at their best and a long time from it, if you know what I mean. But you can either have faith, or you can live in fear. And, hun, I was done living in fear.” Olga stopped and put her hands on her hips. “Wasn’t there something you were afraid of, that, in being here, you don’t feel a little silly about?” 
“Like what?” 
“Like the URS’s expectations, for one.” Olga threw her head back and laughed. “I used to be so afraid of not passing my physical courses that they would punish me by limiting my time with the younger kids.” Seeing Aerie’s confused look, she explained, “I always liked kids, wanted my own. But no one wanted me for a cohabiter, and a career in marriage without desire robbed me of all my dignity.” She made a face. “What little I had left at the time.” 
“So you came here?” 
“Yes, I did come here, and here’s where I met my husband. He works up in the bakery. You’ll probably meet him soon, as you go through the rest of your training. His name’s Sean.” 
“And you’re happy?” 
“Of course. I have six kids and a loving husband.” She laughed. “Working is the only way to get peace apart from them sometimes, but God knows I love them more than life itself.” 
“So the Ecclesia are better masters than the State?” Aerie asked. “Because they believe in love, and they can get people to listen that way, rather than using fear?” 
“It’s not so simple,” Olga said. “But you’ll see what I mean.” She took Aerie’s hand, rubbing her arm in a soothing manner, reminding Aerie of her own mother. “True love both casts out fear while still fearing the right things.” 
“I don’t understand.” 
“You’ll see. If you’re looking,” Olga said, pointing to the ceiling. “If you’re paying attention, you’ll see what I mean.” 
Aerie glanced up and grinned. “I suppose I should’ve guessed your instruction would work on more than one level.” 
“Hun, if you can clean, you can do anything. Cleaning means exposing yourself to a problem, examining it, taking time with it, and working on it. Finding the best way to make things right. If cleaning isn’t a grand metaphor for love, I don’t know what is. Now, let me show you how to change the linens.”

♦15♦

Cleaning might have been a grand metaphor for love in Olga’s eyes, Aerie thought, but it was a lot of painstaking work. She felt her back aching as she made her way to her bed. After the ceilings had been scrubbed, the walls washed and sanitized, the beddings changed, the laundry collected, and the floor washed for one part of one level of the ship, she was surprised at how glad she was to see Emery. 
Her fingers were raw and slightly red, her nose numb, and Aerie was pretty sure wearing her hair down had been a mistake. 
I’ll ask for a tie and pull it back tomorrow. The loose hair had fallen in her face several times while she was scrubbing, vacuuming, and changing out laundry. 
But the cumbersome quality of her hair was nothing compared to the uncertainty of her observations. She’d been given enough glimpses around the Perdition to know some of its architecture, but it wasn’t just the ship that was turning out to be full of twists and turns, uncertainties and questions. 
It was the people. 
At one spot, a bunch of small children, no more than four years old, came rushing in, yelling and screaming and laughing at each other. Aerie stared at them, both appalled and envious at their disregard for proper decorum and etiquette. 
All the way from Exton to Olga, to the children she’d passed in the hallways, from Tyler to Emery, from Olga’s other charges to the engineers and repairmen, and even the students she saw in the gymnasium—they were all so different, and they didn’t seem to mind. 
They were alike in some areas, Aerie knew, but they didn’t let the differences bother them. They all agreed on the idea of survival, but that wasn’t their defining reason for living life. In fact, many of them seemed poised to give their lives over to death, in order to protect their way of life. 
All my life the State had been the reason behind our survival. Our survival depended on the State, and the State made sure we survived. 
How was it that the people on the Perdition had separated themselves and found something just as functional, if not better, than that? 
This is not a game. The voice inside her head argued with her. Your father would be upset with you. 
If he didn’t even want her to call him that, though, did it mean he could he really be a father? 
Stop questioning these things.
Why? Because they don’t hold up to scrutiny? 
They are still threatening the URS. They are still carrying nuclear weapons. These people have a good life, at the expense of others. And Captain Chainsword, no matter what you call him or how much you may think you like him, still killed your tree. He works with MENACE. He wants to destroy your way of life, and everything you’ve ever known and loved. 
Aerie breathed in deeply and clutched at her forehead, trying to relax against her pillow. Arguing with herself after a long day of work proved to be too exhausting. 
“I guess I don’t know what to think,” Aerie muttered. 
“Don’t tell me I’ve succeeded in brainwashing you already.” 
Exton’s voice hit Aerie hard. She nearly fell off her bed as she shot up. She glared at him as he causally stood in her doorway. 
He was just … maddening, she thought. 
“Hey,” she exclaimed. “You’re not supposed to be in here.” 
Exton grinned at her, and she hated that she liked it. “Come on, Aerie. You know I can charm you when it suits me.” 
“So I guess earlier on the Command Bridge, that was not a good time?” 
“I agreed to your fight,” Exton reminded her. “It was your idea. I don’t see how that could be anything less than what you wanted.” 
“Is that why you’re here?” Aerie demanded. “Are you here to see about our rematch?” 
“No.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a familiar ball of fur.
“Moona!” Aerie hurried forward and grabbed her. “There you are.”
“Tyra came off-duty and mentioned you were worried about her,” Exton told her. “So I thought I’d bring her down to you.” 
Aerie ignored him while she set Moona down on her bed and hurried to get her some water. She could feel his eyes on her as he continued talking. 
“Seems she’s pretty small still, so you might need some extra pillows or blankets to keep her warm. I thought you could use another dish for her, too, since personal rooms don’t usually have that many, so another one will be here with the mail later on.” 
Aerie watched as Moona kneaded her claws into her space blanket; she cringed, hoping the fabric was sturdy enough to withstand her cat’s claws. “Maybe an extra blanket for her wouldn’t be a bad idea,” she conceded. 
As she turned around, she almost collided with Exton.
He didn’t just move quickly, he changed quickly, too. He had somehow managed to change from enemy captain to cat caretaker.  
As he closed the space between them, Aerie felt her breathing falter. He was close enough that she caught his scent, an intoxicating blend of menthol and musk. “What are you doing?” she asked, her voice sounding weak to her own ears. 
“Checking your head,” he told her, as his hands came up and felt the scrape on her scalp. A moment passed before he threaded his fingers through the rest of her locks. “Touching your hair.” 
Heat pooled in her stomach as his touch went from coolly impersonal to tenderly coy. “Why?”
“If you don’t want me to,” he said deliberately, “you can tell me to stop, and I’ll stop.” 
She felt like she was screaming at herself, telling her body to move. But she wasn’t listening. “No,” Aerie whispered. “It’s okay. I just don’t usually let people … touch my hair.” 
Her eyes met his, and Aerie felt the last ounce of any front she could have mustered against her feelings fall away. 
She liked him. Against her better judgment, her father’s wishes, and her nation’s orders, she liked him. 
Aerie thought back to the moment at graduation, where she’d looked up at his portrait as Captain Chainsword. I was right about him, she thought ruefully. He was dangerous, in all the wrong ways. 
His hands fell away from her wound, falling down to caress her face. Her breath stopped, her eyes widened; she saw the challenge in him, along with the hesitations, the questions. Before she could decide on her answer, Moona interrupted them. 
“Mew.” 
Aerie nearly jumped at the sound of her kitten’s call, and even Exton seemed surprised at the disruption. 
“That reminds me,” he said, withdrawing from her, “I have her food here, too.” He walked over to the door and pulled in a bag that had been sitting outside. “Here.” 
“Thanks,” Aerie said, blushing. “I appreciate it.” She took the bag and put it on the small table behind them. “So, um, you’re off duty now?” she asked. Way to go. You sound like a moron. 
Exton nodded. “For a while. It’s enough time to get something to eat and relax a bit.” He grinned at her again. “I don’t suppose you’re up for that rematch, now that we both have a full day of work behind us?” 
“No thanks,” Aerie replied breezily. If he could tease her, she would more than return the favor. “I’d like to catch you when you have a clear disadvantage.” 
“That’s hardly fair.” 
“Well, we’re not equal anyway,” Aerie told him. “So if we’re going to be on unfair footing anyway, I might as well try to make it as good for me as possible.” 
“When you use the words ‘fair’ and ‘equal,’ they are not actually talking about the same things. You realize this, right?” 
“Yes,” Aerie admitted with a sigh. “But I was hoping you wouldn’t notice.”
“It’s part of my job to notice things like that. Once you realize how much the URS uses language to confuse people, it’s impossible not to notice.” 
Aerie frowned. “I don’t intentionally do it,” she objected. 
“You just did it.” 
“Okay, not a lot.” 
“You still did it.” When she looked down at the ground, feeling angry and guilty, he reached for her. 
She flinched. 
He faltered. “You’re allowed to argue with me, Aerie, but that doesn’t mean you’ll win.”
The tension in her shoulders relaxed slightly. Her arms crossed her chest in defiance. “So good to know I have your permission, Captain.”
“That’s another thing they do. They allow their emotions to get in the way of discussion.” 
“No they don’t.” 
“If disagreements come up, they always bring up the issue of survival,” Exton reminded her. “What does it mean ‘to survive,’ according to them? It changes, constantly; not that change is bad in itself. But there are a lot of things you can make a person do to survive. You can easily make a person lose his humanity in the name of survival.” 
“What do you mean?” 
Exton arched an eyebrow. “It’s a shame when people lose their humanity, even for survival. Morality’s usually among the first to go. Truth is redefined over and over again, until there’s nothing left—or just enough left to allow someone to control the chaos. Love is as a liability before eventually becoming unlike itself. Acceptance means agreement. Dissent means hatred and defiance.” 
“Death means death,” Aerie countered. “You can’t do anything if you’re dead.” 
“There are much worse things than death.” 
“I find that hard to believe.” 
“Then I’ll bet anything you’ve never wished you were dead.” 
Aerie thought about how terrible she’d felt, unable to gain her acceptance into the military. She had thought about dying. But Exton was right. She had never wished to be dead. “Have you?” she asked. 
“Have I what?” 
“Have you ever wished you were dead?” Aerie wasn’t sure he would even answer, but she couldn’t regret asking the question. She wanted to get to know him better. He’d been kind to her—much kinder than she deserved as a prisoner of war, and much kinder than she knew the URS would have treated him. If truth was such a big deal to him, she would force him to give her his.
Exton moved, shifting his weight in discomfort. “When the URS killed my father, for one,” he finally replied. 
Whatever else Aerie had been expecting, that was not it. She felt her lips part in shock, with silence as her only reply. 
“Yes, death is death,” Exton said, repeating her earlier arguments and making her recoil. “That’s why what we do with life matters infinitely more.”
There was such conviction in his words. The two ideologies—the URS and Exton’s—clashed inside of her mind. While she did not disbelieve Exton, it was hard to dismiss the question of whether or not the State acted rightfully.
Emery’s earlier words on how the State dealt with those who rebelled echoed inside her mind. 
“Emery told me,” Aerie said quietly, her voice close to a whisper, “that your mother died a few months after your dad. Did the URS kill her, too?” 
“No.” Exton shook his head. “But they might as well have. She loved my father more than anything. Without him, she wasted away. In some ways, they would have been doing her a favor by killing her.”
His fists clenched as he turned away from her. “But I suppose it’s a long history, and one I don’t have time to tell you today.” 
“Exton.” As he looked back at her, Aerie found it hard to keep her eyes from watering. “I’m sorry.” 
“I don’t want your pity,” he scoffed. 
“Then what do you want? Tell me,” Aerie demanded. “Tell me the truth.” 
“There’s no point in telling you the truth,” Exton told her, “if you don’t trust me.” 
She felt trapped. “I might trust you if you tell me the truth.”
“More likely you’ll decide if the truth is something you want to trust or not.” He shook his head. “Maybe we’ll have this discussion another time, later on. I have a meeting with the Ecclesia to attend in a few moments, and I wouldn’t want to keep them waiting. I just came to drop off your cat.” 
“That’s not fair,” Aerie insisted. 
“You’re right, but not in the way that you think.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Aerie,” Exton began, “the URS has only guaranteed you survival. You’ve survived, and you’ve been doing it for what, seventeen years or so?” 
“Almost eighteen. My birthday’s next month.” She frowned. “I don’t see how that matters, though.” 
“I’ve been against them for more than ten years,” Exton replied. “I’ve been on this ship for six years. I know my place. You,” he told her as he turned away from her again, “have been on this ship, an enemy ship, for less than a week. I’ve guaranteed you nothing.” 
“You’ve given me some things,” Aerie said. 
“Yes, but I’ve also taken quite a few things away. Your freedom, your ‘unit,’ because I would never call it ‘family,’ and your future with the URS as a normal cog in their machine. And you can’t forget what I did to your precious Memory Tree.” 
“Yes, but—”
“How could you trust someone like me? Take my word as truth?” 
She said nothing. Her own logical arguments, her own barriers to trusting him, agreed with his reasoning wholeheartedly. 
“And that’s just the beginning,” Exton told her. “How could you forgive me for the trespasses I would commit on your home in the future?” 
“You’re going to attack the URS?” Aerie asked, taken aback. She felt her legs go limp at the thought. She felt around for the chair behind her and slumped down.   
“What if I do?” He shook his head. “You might be in my world,” he told her, “but you still live in theirs.”
Aerie watched as Exton walked over to her bed. He reached down and patted Moona on the head. “I’ve got to go,” he said. “If you’re determined to stay an enemy, Aerie, you’ll stay away from me.”  
“Exton, wait.” Aerie pushed herself up and hurried after him. I don’t want you to leave. She reached out and grabbed his arm, just as she had before in the med ward. 
“I told you before I’d most likely lie to you at some point,” Exton replied. “This is one thing I won’t lie about. I don’t trust you, Aerie.” 
Stinging pain tugged at her heart, sending a surprising rush of tears to her eyes. Before Aerie responded in equal ire and inflicted reciprocating wounds with her words, his hands took hold of her shoulders. 
“But,” he continued, “I’m more than tempted to.”
Aerie saw the icy hardness of his eyes melt—felt herself fall, sinking into him as he pulled her in close. Her eyes closed as he pressed his lips against hers. 
His kiss, quick and even chaste, boiled up a storm of fire inside her. Nervous anticipation blossomed into shy curiosity.
Aerie felt her fingers reflexively reach for him, wanting to keep him close even as she knew it was better to push him away. A shiver went down her spine as she braced her hands against his chest. 
Before she could stop him, Exton let go and backed away from her. Aerie swallowed a moan of protest, wanting nothing more than to pull him back.  
As if he knew her dilemma, he headed toward her door. “I’ve got to go. I’ll see you again soon.” He waved and gave her a quick smirk before he disappeared from view.  
She felt like she watched the door for a long time after he left, feeling more witless than ever. 

♦♦♦♦

The Perdition might have just descended once more behind the moon, but Exton no longer felt the pressure of surrounding darkness; he’d savored his taste of sunlight, one that would burn inside of him, keeping him warm throughout the long night.
He glanced out the window in the Captain’s Lounge, the small room more freeing and suffocating than ever.  
A small part of his mind—the sensible part, he decided—cringed in fear over what he had done. 
He ran his finger over his bottom lip, reliving the moment when he pressed his mouth against Aerie’s, giving in to his desire to steal a taste of her. He once more felt the wild rush of longing, the rising satisfaction as his curiosity had been gratified, even as a growing, possessive hunger ignited inside of him. 
Exton sighed. He leaned against the coolness of the windowpane as he remembered how, at their second meeting, he’d assured her he was only a man after she called him a monster. 
Kissing Aerie had unleashed a vulnerability from deep inside him, one he never thought he would experience again. The threat of humanity, once more swept up in the tides of time, terrified him­—even as it exhilarated him.
He knew better than most the truth of human nature, how deeply in the dark the beast inside the human heart could reside. 
I will have to be careful, he thought. 
Frustration bit at him as he felt the line between man and monster begin to blur.



♦16♦

It was several days later when Aerie woke up, instantly plagued by guilt. Catching sight of the clock in her room, it confirmed what she feared to be true. 
She’d overslept. Significantly. 
“I can’t believe I didn’t hear the alarm,” she moaned to herself as she reached for her uniform and tripped over her blankets. “I’m late for work!” 
Aerie watched herself in her mirror, her eyes wide with impending shame and punishment. As she finished brushing her teeth, she tried to reassure herself she would be fine. 
“It shouldn’t be too bad,” she murmured to herself. “I mean, I’ve been pretty good, right? Olga says my cleaning skills have improved greatly since I started, and Exton, while I haven’t seen him since he kissed me, I’m sure he wouldn’t punish me over this. At least, I don’t think so … ”
An odd mix of elation and depression swept over her. 
She knew it was best not to read too much into a kiss, no matter how warm it made her feel. After all, Serena was living proof boys could kiss you­ and it meant nothing to them in the end. And if the rumors about her older sister’s reputation were true, they could do a lot more, too, and still leave you wondering. 
Aerie bit her lip as a new fear took hold of her. What if Exton hadn’t been as affected by their kiss as she was? It wasn’t like he had come see her or anything since then.
“Ugh, I’ve got to stop this,” she muttered, pulling out the small dish Sean, Olga’s husband, had given to her. He’d made a recipe especially for Moona after meeting Aerie a few days before, and chatting with her just as freely and openly as Olga had.
Moona twisted around her legs, seeming to agree, though Aerie was hard pressed to wonder if it was at the food or her inner turmoil. “You’re certainly not helping,” Aerie told her. 
“Mew.” 
The small kitten’s reply made Aerie smile, even as she rolled her eyes. She glanced over at the desk behind her, where she’d stored her small collection of shorthand notes detailing what she’d learned about the Perdition and its crew.
She ran her hands through her hair impatiently as she scurried around her room. 
They shouldn’t really worry too much, even if I am late. I mean, they should be working to make me happy, if anything. Right? I could go back to the URS and give up a lot of information on them … 
She sighed.
Each day since she’d started working, she woke up sternly lecturing herself on how to behave, how she needed to do more investigation into the Perdition and its insufferably kind crew, and how to find a way to salvage her loyalty to the URS. 
But as soon as work ended, she somehow forgot the demands she placed on herself. 
After work, she would meet with Emery, who was increasingly open and friendly as they wandered through the different parts of the ship. Children would dart past her in play. She would find herself daydreaming of a pirate’s stolen kiss.
It wasn’t until the end of the day that Aerie’s concerns about the State, along with her initiative to collect information for the URS, seemed to reappear.
There was a knock at the door. The sound jolted her out of her thoughts.  
“I’m coming,” Aerie called. “I know I’m late for work, but I can stay late. There’s no reason to—” She stopped mid-sentence when she saw Emery in the doorway, wearing a blue dress. 
“To what? Punish you?” Emery finished.
Aerie shifted her feet uncomfortably, knowing Emery was right. “Um … well, yeah, I guess.” 
Aerie felt her guilt dissolve as Emery smiled. “There’s no need for that. Today’s your day off,” Emery told her. Seeing her reaction, Emery added, “I guess you were too tired when I mentioned it yesterday?”
“Most likely.” But then, she knew she didn’t deserve a day off. With all my mistakes on the job, the URS would have demoted me or placed me in Reeducation by now. 
Aerie stepped back from the doorway. “Please, come in. I was just making breakfast. Or maybe lunch by now, looking at the time.” 
“You don’t come down to the dining hall much.” 
“This is easier.” 
Emery wrinkled her nose. “Easier? How is cooking your own food easier?” She gestured toward the door. “Come on. We’ve got some work to do. We’ll get lunch on the way.” 
“The way to what?” 
“Since we have some time, and you’ve been here long enough, I thought I would run through emergency drill procedures with you. It won’t take long. And there’s better food down in the dining hall.” 
Aerie flustered. “I don’t know if I want to eat with everyone else.” 
“Why?” Emery narrowed her gaze at her. 
“I just … ” 
I just don’t want to make friends or enemies of you and your crew. 
Aerie nodded toward Emery’s dress in an effort to stall. “I don’t have anything nice to wear.” 
“Then wear a uniform. Not too many people dress up on Sundays. I did today, but I’m one of the few people who dress up. I like to, and this was actually my wedding dress. I sent it out to have it dyed a week ago, and I just got it back.”
Aerie fought off the impulse to ask Emery what her wedding was like; she’d never been to one before, but she knew there was never much to it. “It’s lovely.”
Aerie thought of her attempts at fixing her clothes; cleaning was easy compared to sewing up some of the tears and holes she’d gotten over the years. “I’ve never been good at stuff like that.”
“Do you want to learn? If you’re interested in working with the clothes, I can see about switching your job assignment.” 
“No, that’s okay,” Aerie quickly assured her. “Olga and her assistants are warming up to me nicely.” 
“Even Alice?” Emery laughed. 
“A little.” A very little. 
“You shouldn’t take it personally. She has a crush on Exton, and there was a rumor at your arrival that might have something to do with her resentment.” 
“Rumor?” 
Emery waved it away. “That you’d attacked him.” 
“Well, I did, technically.” 
“Aerie,” Emery said, “Exton listed you as a refugee so there wouldn’t be any worry among our shipmates. Alice would see an attack on Exton as sign of war.”
“She does seem to really like him,” she agreed. “She has been less aloof these last few days, anyway.” Aerie thought about how kind Alice had been when she’d showed her how to braid back her hair.
“Well, then don’t worry about it. You’ll likely win her over yet. But for now, get dressed and come with me.” Emery planted her hands on her hips. “You’re not afraid of getting to know more people, are you?” 
“The URS let us have friends.” Aerie sniffed indignantly, grabbing a new set of clothes and hurrying into the bathroom to change.
“Yes, but I’m willing to bet you didn’t have many.” 
“Hey!”
“It’s true, isn’t it?” 
Aerie finished getting ready as she thought about the safest answer to that question. She sighed to herself. It wasn’t easy to explain she’d been driven by near-desperation to get into the military, eliminating a lot of time she could have reserved for making friends. 
The only close friend she had was Brock, and that was most likely because her father seemed to approve of him, and he was able to help her train. 
She walked out of the bathroom to find Emery waiting patiently for her response. “My father didn’t encourage friendships. And neither did my training regimen,” she said, deciding that was the safest answer she could give.
“That’s the beauty of being here,” Emery insisted. “You have more time to make friends. And you can meet people while you work.”
“I’ve met a lot of nice people.” She glanced back over at her desk, where her papers still sat, taunting her with their brevity. Part of her wanted to remain in solitude; if she kept to herself, she wouldn’t run the risk of liking her captivity. 
Even if she was attracted to her captor and thought about his kiss more than she should. 
It was that stinging reminder that compelled her to go out more than anything. If Exton could ignore her, Aerie decided, it wasn’t going to be because she made it easy for him. “All right,” she agreed. “I’m ready to go.”  
“Most of the time you won’t work the weekend,” Emery assured her, leading her out of the room. “We’ll let you know. Different shifts will take different weeks and work the extra day. Some volunteer, but in the next few days we’ll have plenty of work open for the harvest.” She flashed Aerie a grin as they walked down the hall. “So you better watch out for the order.” 
“What is the harvest?” Aerie asked. “I’ve been wondering.”
After a moment of consideration, Emery nodded. “I suppose I can tell you. You might have figured it out some already, but we don’t just work on the ship up here.” 
“I know you told me before that the Ecclesia, that religious group, has some students up here.” Aerie slowed as she saw a child, no more than three years old, run to a woman who was clearly his mother. “And there are families here.” 
“Yes. Well, it’s part of what we do besides education and provide for families. We grow crops up here, in the ship’s classrooms and outer regions.” 
“You do? Like a greenhouse from the Old Republic?” 
“Exactly.” Emery nodded.
“That’s amazing!” 
“That’s not the reaction we get from most refugees,” Emery admitted with a rueful smile. “There’s been a large decrease in animal and plant populations throughout much of Earth. Toward the end of the Old Republic, many people wanted to get rid of its institutions and start their own. A lot of them had forgotten that just because something is old and traditional, it does not mean it is useless or meaningless.”
“But it’s perfect.” Aerie clapped her hands in happiness. “The Perdition is out in space, so you always have a good amount of sunshine available. You can easily grow plants up here.” 
“Not quite as easily as it seems,” Emery said. “But for the most part, yes, that’s about how it works.” 
“I’d love to see it.” Aerie smiled. “My mother had a small garden where we lived. She wasn’t allowed to grow a lot, but I’ve been working with it for the past couple of years to keep her plants alive. New Hope didn’t have a lot of natural light, and the artificial light was unreliable. You probably get a lot more of a crop here than I did there.” 
“Yes. Once a year, we work for several shifts to get all the food harvested and stored. Out of tradition, we feast for a day, and then we replant seeds afterward. It’s a big job, added into the regular routines here on the ship.”
“And that provides enough food for the whole ship, for the whole year?” 
Emery shook her head. “We have other sources of food, but the harvest is a good portion of it. Every year, we get a bigger crop.” 
“You said it’s coming up soon?” 
“This week.” 
Aerie bounced with pleasure, thinking of her mother and the simple joy she’d always had around her garden back home. “I’m excited for it.” 
“You did mention you had an interest in horticulture,” Emery said. “I guess if you’d like to see our plantation section, we can go on the way back from the hangar.” 
“That would be wonderful!” Aerie wiggled her butt in excitement. 
“I’m glad you’re energetic. You’ll need it for the emergency drills,” Emery told her. “No one would call them fun.”
Aerie felt her mood deflate, but despite herself, she laughed. “I grew up in the URS,” she said. “I’m used to being disappointed.” 
Emery giggled. “Careful. You’re starting to sound more and more like one of us.”
“I was just joking,” Aerie quickly apologized, horrified she’d so easily made light of her disappointment with the State. “I didn’t mean it.”
“It’s okay, you know, if you want to join us,” Emery told her quietly. “We’ll protect you.” 
“My unit has some terrifying connections,” Aerie murmured. “I wouldn’t want to harm—”
“Connections? I thought you said you were of little importance.” 
The concerned look on Emery’s face made Aerie fluster. “The Rearden unit,” she forced herself to say, “includes some friends with General St. Cloud’s family. That’s all. But I’m definitely not important.” 
Emery stopped. “You know St. Cloud?” 
The condemnation in her voice was sharp; it cut straight into Aerie’s heart. 
“Uh, not very well, of course,” Aerie insisted as she began to fidget uncontrollably. “I’m not sure how my unit would get him to act for them, anyway; it probably doesn’t matter. Like I said, I’m not important enough.”
After a long moment, Emery sighed. “If you say so,” she said. Her blue-green eyes softened. “I know it seems like we’re all just worried about ourselves and our business here on the ship. But Olga told me that she and several of the others have enjoyed your company as well. You would be missed.” 
An old pain twisted inside her heart. “Oh, really?” 
Emery nodded. “I can attest myself, it’s nice having you around. It would be nice to have you stay … if you decide you want to, of course.” 
Guilt and fear festered together in Aerie’s stomach alongside joy. “I’ve liked it, too,” Aerie said, her voice soft and slow as the truth both freed and condemned her. “I have an older sister, and she’s nothing like you. I mean, I wish she was more like you, not that you’re not a good—”
“I know what you meant.” Emery’s kind smile disappeared. “Which makes me worried, now that I know you’ve met General St. Cloud.” 
“Wouldn’t Osgood be worse?”
“You might think so, but actually he’s not.” Emery shook her head. “Osgood is just a politician. To maintain its grip on the State, St. Cloud is the force. Without Osgood, St. Cloud could be the next dictator. Without St. Cloud, Osgood would easily lose control of the URS.”
“So, St. Cloud is the one you guys want to take down?” Aerie asked, surprised her father was more critical to the State than she had estimated. She always knew he was important, as the Lieutenant Commander-in-Chief, but she never would have suspected he was higher on the enemy’s list than Osgood. 
Emery, lost in her own thoughts, ignored her question. “If the Rearden unit contacts St. Cloud, we might be in trouble.” 
“I won’t say anything.” Aerie promised, suddenly terrified. “If it helps, I don’t think they can do anything this far out. The URS doesn’t have much of a space program, since the Perdition has been taking out satellites.” 
“We’re heading closer to Earth for the harvest,” Emery reminded her. 
“I still doubt they would attack.” Aerie thought about her father’s career. “They generally don’t attack unless they know for sure they would win. And you do have the upper hand out here in space, since their space program was delayed several years ago.”
When Emery raised her brows, Aerie blushed. “I’m sure you knew that already,” she murmured. 
“It’s good to have you confirm it.” 
“You won’t tell anyone, will you?” Aerie’s nerves continued to jumble around inside of her. “That I know St. Cloud?” 
“I’ve met the man myself,” Emery told her. “And so has my brother, of course. Exton hates him.” She sighed. “I’d hate to make it into more of something than it’s not.” 
Fear, silent and crippling, raged through Aerie. She struggled to control it, but the pulsating power of adrenaline screamed through her blood. She wanted to confess she’d lied, that she was not who they thought, that she was the enemy, just as she’d asserted she was all along. 
But she couldn’t. There was some part of her that wanted to stay, to really be the person they thought she was—to hide Aerie St. Cloud underneath a new name and a new life, until she disappeared forever.
Traitor! The voice reared by the State drummed its disappointment into her.  
Emery nodded toward the elevator ahead. “Either way, I’m not going to do it now. But from the sound of it, it’s a good thing that we’re going to go over the emergency exits.”
Aerie just nodded, still fighting with herself as she wordlessly followed. 

♦17♦

“Wow.” Aerie stared down the hangar, amazed. “That’s a lot of ships.” 
“We do have quite a collection here,” Emery said, allowing her gaze to follow Aerie’s down along row after row of shuttles and cargo shippers. “There are others, more like specialty ships, in the rear cargo hold, but these are the ones we use most often for supply runs.”
Aerie couldn’t stop the rush of excitement. As much as she felt guilty and terrified, she was happy to be back in a familiar setting. The Perdition’s hangar, full of its variety of ships and bustling activity, reminded her of the Military Academy.
The hangar doors were closed. From her position on the second level staircase, she couldn’t make out the details of the far end, but from the forward port side she could see several rows of supplies and ships being unloaded, and the ships personnel running through checks and making repairs. 
“I heard the rumors that Captain Chainsword had a collection of MENACE fighters,” Aerie recalled. “Is that true?” 
Emery coughed back a laugh. “I’m sure Exton would be amused to hear that,” she replied. “You should ask him about that later. Right now, we’re here to focus on the emergency escape pods.”  
Emery pointed to the emergency escape pods lining the Perdition’s haul at different points. “They are the ‘lifeboats’ of our pirate ship here.”
The pods were slim and narrow, placed perfectly inside the hollows in the ship’s sides. “I almost didn’t see them,” Aerie admitted with a small laugh. “A lot’s going on down here.” 
“We’re approximately two days from Earth, heading toward the southern hemisphere.” Emery indicated a ship at the far end. “That’s the shuttle you came on, right there.” 
“The one with the chainsword on it?” 
“Yes, that’s the one.” 
“I imagine that’s Exton’s favorite,” Aerie said. 
“I imagine it is, too.” Emery smiled. She glanced at Aerie. “But I think for different reasons than you do.” 
Aerie said nothing as her face flushed over in embarrassment and, despite her better judgment, pleasure. 
“Come on. I’ll show you how to use the pods.” 
“How likely is it that you’ll ever need to?” Aerie asked as she followed Emery down the walkway. “I mean, I know that the URS is against you guys in principle, but I’ve never been sure of how they’re fighting you.” 
“Their methods of fighting are quieter,” Emery admitted. “Most of the incidents would be classified as a military matter by the State. Civilians have to rely on different sources to learn the truth.”
“Is that part of the reason the Ecclesia and other religions were outlawed?” 
“Outlawed,” Emery agreed, “but not obliterated.” 
“Obviously.” Aerie gestured around the hangar. “You have a large amount of people here.”
“Not everyone here is a member of the Ecclesia,” Emery reminded her. “And this is a skeleton crew at best. If our students were not on board, we would be pressed for service.” 
“Why are they here?” Aerie asked. “Doesn’t the Ecclesia have anywhere else to go?” 
“This ship is the best place to study for certain subjects, for now. We have a network of cities and people that have circled through here in the last several of years; we have to keep changing things up when the URS starts cracking down on us.” 
“I wonder why they would be against the Ecclesia,” Aerie admitted. “I mean, I get that the State would be upset at having a person’s loyalty divided—”
“Loyalty is everything, Aerie.” Emery shook her head. “Loyalty is the first step toward love. Allegiance leads to obedience. To have someone’s full trust is a powerful gift. Think about how much you feel you owe to the State. What would happen if it asked you to do something you would never do otherwise? Lose your home? Leave your family? Move to a faraway place?” 
Aerie turned away, looking back toward the people around her who were running around and continuing their orders. “I’m in somewhat of that situation now,” she said. 
“But not by your choice or conviction.” 
“It’s still the same ending.” 
“The lesson you’ve learned is different than the one I am trying to convey to you.” Emery came up and paused beside her. “Could you willingly give your life for the State if they asked it of you?” 
When Aerie started to respond, Emery shook her head. “I don’t want you to answer,” she said. “Not now. I know from my own experience that you’ve been trained to do just that.” 
Frustrated, Aerie frowned. “Then why did you ask?” 
“I’m trying to show you what real devotion looks like. Many people think it is happy or joyful. It can be, but more often than not devotion looks like sacrifice, discomfort, humiliation, and pain.” 
“I’ve done that for the URS,” Aerie insisted. “Training was hard, you know. And learning was not always easy. I gave up many things trying to make them happy.” 
And I still didn’t get what I wanted. 
“So you know something of devotion and obedience. But what if they took advantage of your trust?”
Aerie huffed. “They haven’t,” she insisted. But she felt a twinge of regret as she recalled her father’s remarks following her PAR, and how even though she had given her trust over to the State­—along with its leaders and teachers, and even His Excellency himself—they had never trusted her with the freedom to make her own decisions. 
“Then you’re one of the fortunate few who have never experienced that feeling,” Emery remarked. “Trust me, it is awful.”
Aerie believed her but felt as though she was betraying her home to admit it. “Surely even the Ecclesia has used people for their gain before,” she said. 
“You’re right.” Emery nodded somberly. “It has happened in the past. As a group we regret that and take measures to prevent it from happening again; we don’t justify it in the name of ‘survival.’” 
“How do you know it’s not happening now?” Aerie asked. 
“How do you know the URS isn’t using you?” Emery smirked. 
“I didn’t mean any disrespect,” Aerie murmured. “I was just wondering.” 
“The long answer is complicated. The short answer is that something greater than religion has my trust.” Emery pursed her lips. “There is a difference between religion and God himself.”  
“It sounds interesting,” Aerie replied, her own curiosity piqued, even if she was reluctant to voice it. 
“Interesting enough that they are outlawed. You can imagine how the URS would feel about someone else determining what you believed to be right and wrong.” 
“The URS teaches right and wrong are relative terms,” Aerie said, “since survival is all that matters in the end.” 
“It’s the same thing as earlier,” Emery countered. “The destination is the same, but the journey is much different.” 
“I think I’m beginning to see why the URS wouldn’t allow religion.” The URS already had enough rules and requirements of its own; not to mention, they wouldn’t like a god to have the first and final say in any matter. 
“That does make it hard on us. It is hard to hide something as personal as faith.” Emery smiled. “You’ve probably seen some of the key differences here in how people live and act.” 
Aerie nodded, thinking about the how willing people were to help out—even people like Alice, who seemed unsure of her, or Sean, who had just met her. 
But that’s not exclusive to here, Aerie reminded herself. She thought about the times Brock had stayed late after school or visited her unit to help her with her training. She owed him much for his patience with her and his kindness. Aerie knew she was fooling herself if she thought lending him her father’s accounts of his battles against MENACE or inviting him to stay for dinner somehow made up for everything he had given her. 
Of course, he was more of the exception to the rule. Aerie remembered one time when Serena had laughed in her face when Aerie had asked for help on a finishing a biology assignment early. “Just do it yourself,” she’d snapped. “Or do it along with your class. There’s no need to teach you to expect help when you ask for it.” 
That is a dangerous assumption, no matter if I am here on the Perdition or not.
“Aerie?”
“Huh?” Aerie jolted, stepping out of the memory. “Sorry. What were you saying?” 
“I’ll need to show you how to operate the escape pod, and then we can go see the plantation section.”
“Great.” Aerie turned and followed Emery down to the nearest set of escape pods.
The escape pods were long and rounded at the ends, providing enough space for up to three people in each. Like the rest of the ship, they were painted dark, with red trim. There were numbers on the side labeling the small capsules. She knew enough of fighter technology to recognize a homing beacon signal attached to the different ends. 
All in all, they were very similar to some of the ones she’d seen in the education center’s simulator training sector. 
“If you step inside, I can show you how to operate it.” Emery suddenly stopped and pursed her lips. “I hope you don’t take this the wrong way, but I should tell you now there’s no point in trying to escape using these. The coordinates for landing are pre-programmed by the Command Bridge.” 
Aerie grinned. “I won’t try,” she promised. “Assuming I haven’t worn out my welcome.”  
Emery giggled. “You haven’t.” She opened the capsule door and stepped inside ahead of Aerie. “The door can be opened from the outside, until you lock it from the inside. This is good, too, if you end up in enemy territory and need to hold up in here until we can send a rescue crew.” 
Aerie nodded as she stepped inside. “This is pretty similar to the URS space pod models,” she said, running her hand over the control console. “I got to tour them with my brothers once.” 
Emery was silent for a moment. Then she asked, “Do you recognize anything else?” 
Her suddenly stilted tone made Aerie curious as she glanced around. The URS had extremely similar tech. The model was not quite the same, but then it had been over five years since the Perdition launched. “Plenty, actually. Did Exton have contractors from the URS build these?” she asked. “Because they seem to have—” 
Her voice trailed off as realization struck. The moment she said it, all of it came together in her mind. The ship, the pods, the uniforms, all of it …
“Exton stole this ship, didn’t he?” Aerie asked. “He stole the ship from the URS.” More pieces fell into place. “That’s why they haven’t been able to develop their space program. This ship was their space program.” 
Emery seemed to smother a sigh. “It’s not quite as simple as that, Aerie.” 
“But it’s true, isn’t it? Tell me,” Aerie demanded. “I know these pods are straight from the URS. They’re built with standard life support and reentrance capabilities, secure harnesses and trackers, and an emergency stasis option.” 
“If you recognize all the different controls, I guess we can finish up here,” Emery remarked hesitantly. 
“That’s why the State didn’t tell us much about Exton and the crew on the Perdition,” Aerie continued. “Because they didn’t want us to know about their loss.” 
“They do have a lot more losses than most hear about,” Emery replied. 
Aerie turned to face her. “Do they know who you are? Who Exton is?” 
When she hesitated, Aerie pushed forward. “Come on, Emery. Just tell me the truth.” 
Emery sighed. “There is little doubt they know who we are.”  
Aerie felt the breath rush out of her. There goes my attempt to gather information to stay out of trouble. “So Exton did steal the ship?”  
“Ha!” Emery snorted disdainfully. “It’s impossible to steal what is rightfully yours.” 
It took a long moment for the weight of her statement to sink in; once it fell into place, there was no going back. 
Aerie felt her mind racing with questions—and doubt and fear and anger. “What do you mean it’s rightfully his?” she asked. “He had to have stolen it. I know my tech, and this is all URS tech!” 
“Who do you think designs URS tech?” Emery gestured around her. “These are all designed by engineers.”
“This ship has an older model of tech; it’s at least three years old, and the newest NETech hasn’t been installed. Exton can’t be that old,” Aerie argued. “He told me that he didn’t even finish his time at university, even if he was studying how to be an engineer. Surely you don’t expect me to believe—”
“Our father was the best aeronautic engineer the URS had before they killed him ten years ago.” Emery shook her head. “He was the designer of this ship, and many others, for the URS forces.”  
Aerie felt her arguments clog her throat as Emery continued. “He was killed when he found out Paradise was going to be used for battle, rather than what the URS had told him originally.” 
Long seconds of silence passed before Aerie dared to ask a question. “Paradise?” Aerie asked quietly. 
“The original name of the Perdition.” 
“What is—why that name?” 
“Part of the Ecclesial teaching is on the idea of Heaven,” she explained. “The URS, when they came to my father with their proposal, wanted a starship that could provide a means of comfortable living in space while conducting experiments. He agreed. When he found out they were planning on using a good deal of the storage for nuclear and fission bombs, and using it to engage in warfare, he objected.” Emery’s eyes glittered with fierce pride and harrowing sadness. “Strongly.” 
“And you’re sure of this?” Aerie asked.
“I am.” 
“Oh.” 
Emery raised an eyebrow. “That’s all you have to say about the matter?” 
“It’s a lot to take in,” Aerie murmured apologetically. “I’m sorry.” 
Emery’s eyes narrowed in angry sadness. “I suppose it is hard for you to accept it,” she said slowly.
“This is a pretty big claim to make,” Aerie argued. How does someone just steal a ship like this? Especially from the URS? Aerie wondered if it was possible Emery had been misinformed. Or if she was lying. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” Aerie mumbled. 
“That’s fine.” Emery straightened, masking her anger with professionalism. “Then let’s get through the procedures—”
“I have to go,” Aerie announced. At Emery’s stricken look, Aerie added, “I’m sorry, Emery.”
“Aerie—”
Before she could change her mind or let Emery stop her, Aerie raced out of the hangar and down the hall, then ducked into the elevator. She almost crumbled to the floor as the she pushed the button for her floor and the doors shut. 

♦18♦

“Don’t look at me like that,” Emery grumbled as she glared at her brother. “I hate that expression.” 
“What expression?” Exton replied with a smirk. “The one that tells you that I told you so?” 
“Duh.” She stuck her tongue out at him. “Enjoy your triumphant arrogance while you can.”
“I’d think you would be happy that she ran away after you told her the truth,” Exton replied. “Maybe you should even pity me. After all, if she can’t trust us, then I am a fool to like her.” 
Emery paused for a moment before she shrugged. “I don’t think giving you sympathy would work,” she replied. “In fact, I think that would just make you all the more unbearable.” 
“Maybe I wouldn’t be quite so unbearable if you hadn’t lost her after she ran out of the hangar.”
“You need to—” 
“You guys both need to relax,” Tyler said from the far end of the Records Room. “I’m pulling the cam shots now so we can find her.” 
“Speaking of which, did you find anything else out from the satellite feeds?” Emery asked. “I know she’s assured us she is of no importance, but it’s always nice to know for sure.”
Tyler glanced up. “I have had the team filtering through a bunch of news feeds, and I didn’t hear anything on a missing persons case that would match, or any news that we had taken an accidental hostage when we attacked.” 
“Have you heard anything about St. Cloud?” Emery asked. “Has he looked into her disappearance at all?” 
“Why would he care?” Exton rolled his eyes. “The man has no conscience, just like his boss. Osgood didn’t seem to mind attacking in full force. I doubt they would be concerned with any missing people or causalities.” 
“I was just asking,” Emery snapped. “It’s good to keep track of these things.” 
“It is strange,” Tyler said, “she doesn’t seem to have a public file.” 
“Most students don’t,” Emery said. “Not until they are placed in work assignments. That’s part of the reason Exton and I didn’t have them, either.” 
“Aerie told me she’d been assigned to the Communication Sector,” Exton offered. 
“But she never started,” Tyler reminded him. “She might have been pulled once she didn’t show up for work.”
“You could try hacking into the school records,” Emery suggested. 
“I can definitely try,” Tyler said. “And it really shouldn’t make much difference to them. They probably know we’re able to do it already.”  
“There’s no use speculating,” Exton asked. “We all know the URS doesn’t tend to publish its reports accurately.” 
“You would have thought that they would have reported something about the Memory Tree besides its capture,” Emery said. “I mean, if nothing else, it would have made the tree’s destruction more memorable, to have a victim in there, even if it was an unidentified one.” 
“Aerie wasn’t supposed to be there, though. Maybe they disregarded it because they don’t know.” 
“It’s possible.” Exton shrugged. “Maybe I should have taken some of those calls from Osgood, if that was the case.” 
“Well, we all know you’re obviously not worried about it.” Emery crossed her arms.
“There is nothing to worry about right now.”
“I’m not as sure as you are on that.” 
“I can tell.” Exton sighed. He had been off-duty for only a few moments when Emery came around and ordered him into the Records Room with Tyler. “But I have a feeling since it’s your fault that she ran away, you’re more inclined to find a way to blame in on me.” 
“Hey,” Emery said. “I’m not the one who missed the fact that there was a person in the tree to begin with. And then decided against all reason to actually like her.” 
“You like her, too,” Exton argued. “You’re her friend.”
“I’ve known her for more than a week. You liked her after less than ten minutes.” 
“Maybe my instincts are better than yours.” 
“Can you guys please calm down?” Tyler said, drawing angry glares from both parties. “Look, Em, Exton’s right for now. There’s no way the URS can attack us right now. So there’s no use worrying about it on our end. And as for her, Exton, you might want to go and talk with her.” 
“You think?” Emery sneered. 
Exton grinned. “As a matter of fact,” he said, “I had a few matters I was going to take care of. I’ll add tracking down Aerie to my list.” 
“Ha.” Emery glared at him. She put her head in her hands and slumped over beside Tyler. 
Exton knew his sister well enough to know she was genuinely concerned for Aerie. She was probably also having a hard time realizing Aerie, even though she’d been friendly, was not ready to consider staying on the Perdition. 
Such a judgment miscalculation would bother him, too. 
It must be a family legacy, Exton thought, recalling their father’s faith in friendship. 
Emery glanced up at him. “I know what you’re thinking, Exton, and it would be better to stop before I hurt you.” 
“If you can,” Exton scoffed. 
Before he could taunt her further, she put a hand on Tyler’s shoulders. “You can try searching the Medical Center records,” she said. “Aerie told me when she was younger she’d broken her arm. She went there with her mother for treatment.” 
“That’s a good idea,” Exton agreed. 
“I’ll get on it. I just found her,” Tyler said. “She’s up on Level Three, rear starboard side, near the sanctuary.”
“Good.” Exton exited the room, grabbing a small bag hanging near the Command Bridge. “Keep me informed of her positions if you see her move.”

♦♦♦♦

Emery had to be lying. She had to be. 
But as much as she might have wanted that to be true, that explanation didn’t quite fit, Aerie realized bitterly. 
“I don’t even know why it matters to me so much,” Aerie grumbled, her voice weak and pathetic to her own ears. 
That’s not true.  
“It matters,” she muttered to herself, “I don’t know what to do. I’m not sure what to believe. Something is wrong, and I want the truth.”
It was astounding to realize that the truth mattered.  
Aerie allowed her thoughts to simmer inside her mind as she speculated. Why did it matter if Exton stole the ship or not? He’s the enemy. He’s supposed to do bad things. It shouldn’t matter at all. 
She thought about how he had gently pulled her free of the Memory Tree. How he took care of Moona for her. How he checked the gash on her head. 
Just because he’s kind to me and my cat, doesn’t mean he’s capable of being treacherous in other areas. 
Aerie thought about his warning to her, and about how she had to stay away from him if she wanted to remain his enemy. She thought about the pain she’d seen in his eyes when he told her his father had been killed. 
And, she reasoned, if he had stolen the ship, he stole it for his father. Misguided honor, maybe? 
Or, Aerie realized, if he had stolen it from the URS after learning it was going to house weapons of worldly destruction, then he’d actually saved people from dying. 
Would the URS arm their starship? With weapons? To kill people?
It’s not like the URS wouldn’t do something if they needed to survive, including executions. Or go to war.   
But should it really surprise her that they would do things in a less than savory manner to protect their laws? 
If Exton and Emery’s father had been part of a religion, and he was against the use of his ship, then wouldn’t the State’s actions, as unpleasant as they were, be fully justified? 
Could they be justified, if the State had lied to Exton and Emery’s father? 
They wouldn’t have needed to do that, Aerie thought. Surely not. If they wanted his unwilling cooperation, all they had to do was order him. Or, she admitted reluctantly, they could have threatened him. 
But … 
Her own thoughts, so long ago and far away, echoed through her mind mockingly. Would the State lie to people? If it was for their own good. 
Aerie felt the solid foundation of her life suddenly disappear. Her whole life she had listened to the URS. She knew on some level that they had lied before. 
Emery’s question came back to haunt her. “What if they took advantage of your trust?” 
Could the State have been lying about everything?
No, Aerie thought, they wouldn’t lie about everything. Just enough to keep people believing what they wanted. For the good of the State. At the expense of the individual.
Emery could lie as well, of course. She just admitted earlier that she likes having you around. Would it be such a stretch to believe she would lie about this to you, to get you to stay on her side? Especially if Exton does like you? 
She was surprised by the vitriolic tone she heard in her own thoughts. 
How do I know who is telling me the truth? 
Aerie knew the URS would lie to her, but they were also the ones who had trained her in logic and learning. 
They were the ones who told her Captain Chainsword was a ghost, working with MENACE, determined to destroy their nation; they were the ones who told her the crew of the Perdition would torture her. 
And they were wrong about all of it! She was accepted here, appreciated here. In only a matter of days, Emery had become a welcome presence, more than Serena had ever been. Olga and Sean, along with her other new friends, made cleaning tolerable and work less like work than she’d ever known. Even dealing with children seemed to be less of a chore here! And Exton … 
She thought about the moment she’d first seen him, beside her in the medical ward, about how warm and wary he made her feel. He’d told her plainly the Perdition had enough power to overcome her venom. 
Aerie decided it was time to make him prove it. 
As she made her decision, her mind seemed to step out of its fog. She blinked, surprised to realize she was mindlessly waltzing around the Perdition with no idea where she was going. 
“Stupid, stupid … ” Aerie shook her head at herself. “Pay attention to what you’re doing. You need to watch where you’re going. This is how the URS managed to lie to you so well … ” She flustered over as she heard herself. 
I need answers, not assumptions. 
Thinking of her home made her heart ache. She wondered how Brock was doing with his military training, if he wondered about her, if her brothers were treating him nice in the training program they were in together. Aerie wondered if they thought of her at all. 
She doubted it. 
Another part of her, the angry side, wanted to go and march up to her father, then shake him as she demanded the truth from his own lips about Captain Chainsword, and why the State was so intent on hiding the truth from its people. 
A familiar shadow at the far right side of the corridor caught her eye. She felt her heart stop, along with her stride. 
Exton was standing near the wall at the far end of atrium, talking with a woman with curly brown hair. Aerie felt a surprising rush of nerves as she watched Exton nod to the lady beside him. The lady, with her long hair, was certainly pretty. Aerie subconsciously ran her hand through her own red hair. 
Just who is that? 
Obviously, Exton had a lot of admirers. Hadn’t she talked with some of them herself this past week? Even Alice had considerably warmed to the topic of the mysterious captain. 
Exton was certainly handsome, but he wasn’t married. Of course, that doesn’t always matter, does it? Aerie thought. She knew a number of men and women from the URS had only seen marriage as an obligation to survive. Pleasure came from other places.  
I have to stop this. Aerie felt her face flush over red again, which she knew only made things worse. How attractive could she be with her ruddy face and bright ginger hair? 
Before Aerie could decide what to do, a man came out and put his arm around the lady. A small boy was on his shoulders. Aerie watched with surprise when the lady kissed the man, clearly genuinely happy to see him. 
Are they married? Aerie wondered. She couldn’t imagine the General and her mother doing that. 
Exton pulled out a small object from behind his back. Aerie saw it was a small vehicle of some kind. Upon further examination, she realized it was a toy. 
Exton held it out to the small child, who gleefully cheered at the sight of it. 
Aerie melted. “That’s so sweet,” she murmured, unable to help herself. 
Another reason to like Exton, she thought reluctantly, watching him as he gave the child a high-five and a smile before the family took off into the sanctuary. He was good with kids. 
Exton turned. Aerie knew he saw her; the cool iciness of his gaze melted as she stared back determinedly. Inwardly, she resolved not to allow him to gain the upper hand. 
At least, not any more than he already had. 
“I thought I’d see you here,” Exton said as he came to stand beside her.  
“Why did you give that child a toy?” Aerie almost slapped herself for sounding so angry. 
“That was Judith and Aidan, and their son is Timothy,” Exton told her calmly, ignoring her frosty tone. “They’ve been part of the Perdition with me since the beginning. Timothy’s only four, and he’s got a sibling on the way. He’s good at breaking toys, which won’t help much when it comes to sharing with his new sibling.” He shrugged. “So after he breaks them, I fix them.” 
“The engineering background helps with that, I guess.” 
“Yes.” He glanced down at her. “You weren’t jealous, were you?” 
“No!” 
He grinned. “I was wondering if you had missed me.” 
“The only time I missed you,” Aerie told him, “was when I was fighting you by the tree.” 
He ignored her taunting. “Emery told me she was going to take you through the emergency drills today.”
Aerie was caught off guard. She’d forgotten about the reason she even saw the fighters in the first place. “I, uh, finished them. And then forgot them.” 
He sighed. “I talked with Emery some just a few moments ago. She said you might be angry.” 
“I’m not.” Liar. 
Exton took her arm. “Liar. I know you’re angry. I can tell by the look on your face. Why don’t you tell me what’s wrong?” 
“I want answers,” Aerie insisted, pulling back from him. “I want to know the truth.” 
“You’ll get it. But not here. Come with me.” He dropped his voice. “I’d hate for even more rumors about you to get around the ship.”
“Fine.” Aerie squared her shoulders and followed after him. “Where are we going, Captain?”   
“Somewhere we can talk and not worry about interruptions,” Exton assured her. “If you want answers, I’ll give them to you. But what you decide to do with them is up to you.” 
Because she couldn’t think of anything clever to say in return, Aerie remained silent as she marched on behind him. 


♦19♦

Exton felt his blood pump with anticipation. He was not excited to see that Aerie was in a bad mood, but he was excited to be with her again. 
The past week, he’d tried to ignore her, to prove to himself he could survive without her—as if spending six years in space, having no idea of her existence, and focusing on his plans for revenge against the URS were somehow not proof enough. 
But as he opened up the door to the Captain’s Lounge and pushed her in, ignoring her muffled protests, he knew he’d been foolish—foolish to think he could forget about her, foolish to think he would let himself, foolish to think he even wanted to try. 
“What is this place?” Aerie’s voice momentarily lost its edge as she glanced around the small room. 
“This is the Captain’s Lounge,” he told her. “I adopted it as my own a few days after the Perdition took off from Earth.”
“It seems a little small.”
“When you leave the whole world behind, every room is a small room,” Exton replied. “But this is my room. I don’t have a lot of people come here. Emery will pop in, and Tyler will, too, on occasion.” 
“Don’t you have a real room?” 
He grinned at her sudden blush. “I do. It’s down next to the hangar on Level Ten, actually. You might have passed by it while you were in the hangar.” 
“I didn’t pay much attention to the hangar after I talked to Emery.” 
“I had an inkling.”
“You don’t need to mock me.” 
“I know you have a problem with it,” Exton remarked, watching her temper flare at his flippancy. “I’m not trying to provoke you.” 
“You’re supposed to provoke me,” she argued. “You’re supposed to be the enemy!” 
Exton was glad to hear her define him on those terms. She had insisted she was his enemy when they’d first met; she wasn’t so certain of that anymore. 
It was a nice feeling.
“Do you want me to be the enemy?” he asked. 
“Yes. No. I mean, I don’t know.” Aerie huffed. “I want the truth. Tell me the truth.” 
“You won’t believe me.” He crossed his arms and leaned back against the wall. “You don’t trust me.” 
“We’ve had this conversation before.” Aerie shook her head. “I don’t care.” 
“I do.” 
“How do we trust each other, then?” Aerie asked, her voice full of nervous desperation. “How do I know this is not a game?” 
“I don’t play games, remember? I told you that before.” 
“You also told me you would lie to me,” she countered. 
“I wasn’t playing a game when I kissed you before,” he promised, “and I’m not lying about it now.” 
She took an uneasy step back from him. “So how can I trust you?” 
“Let’s make another deal.” Exton extended his hand to her, offering her a truce. “We have a good record with deals.”
“I do. You don’t.” Aerie crossed her arms. “You said you would tell me more about yourself that first time, but you left before you did.” 
“I’ll tell you that stuff now, along with the rest of it.” 
“And we haven’t had our rematch yet.” 
“Do you want to take care of that now?” he asked. “Neither of us scheduled it. And you were the one who was going to make the call on when, as I recall, so you could have a ‘fair, unfair’ advantage.” 
Aerie frowned. “We don’t have to do that now.” 
“Here’s the new deal: I won’t lie to you, and you don’t lie to me. What do you think?”
“That won’t work.” She brushed a wayward lock of hair out of her eyes. “We have no way to know if we’re really telling each other the truth.” 
“We can try.”  
She hesitated for a moment, but then she took his hand. “Fine,” she agreed. “I accept.” 
He surprised her by drawing her hand up to his lips and kissing her knuckles in a gallant manner. The surprising caress managed to render her silent. 
Exton almost laughed at her response. To know he’d driven his bubbly, spirited Aerie to a standstill overwhelmed him. “The first thing I’m going to not lie to you about,” he said, “is that I’m going to kiss you right now.” 
“You want to kiss me? But why—umph.”
Her words, along with her questions, faded as he leaned in and pressed his mouth against hers. Exton knew her uncertainty was gone a second later when her hands clutched at him and held him close. 
She might not have trusted him entirely, but she was curious about him. That was enough for him. 
For the moment.
“The second thing I’m not going to lie to you about,” he told her, his breath warm against her mouth, “is that I’ve wanted to do that since the last time I kissed you.” 
She trembled. “Me, too,” Aerie admitted, her voice barely a whisper. “But I’m not sure why.” 
“I’m sure we’ll figure it out,” he murmured, pulling her closer. 
He closed his eyes as the taste of her washed over him, beckoning him to kiss her, imploring him to lose himself in her essence. 
His body seemed to move of its own accord. He could feel his fingers twisting in her fiery tresses, his hands moving down the curves of her body, his arms tightening around her—the cool air of the small room whisked away as the warmth of desire sparked. 
“Aerie.” Her name was a whisper against her lips. 
“What?” She eased away from him. “Am I doing it wrong?” 
“Huh?” Dazed, he opened his eyes. At the sight of hers, wide-eyed with wonder and hesitation, he shook his head. “No. No, you’re doing fine.” He kissed her again, as if to prove it. 
“That’s good,” she murmured. “I’ve never kissed anyone before.” 
Her statement caught him by surprise, enough to pull back. “Never?” he asked. 
She blushed. “There’s no need to make me feel stupid about it,” Aerie insisted. “I just never—” She stopped as he began laughing. “It’s not funny, Exton.” 
“I know,” he said. “I’m just ridiculously happy you’ve never kissed anyone else. It’ll save me some trouble hunting them down and killing them.” 
Aerie frowned and pushed back against him, freeing herself from his grasp. He smiled, even as she shoved past him. 
“I’m not making fun of you,” he told her. “I’m serious.” He took her arm. “I’m glad you’re mine, and only mine.” 
Aerie felt her face fluster. “I’m not yours,” she insisted. “How can I be, when I’m not sure about so many other things?” 
Of all things, this is one thing you don’t have to be unsure of, Aerie. 
His thought hung silently in the air, as if his mind expected him to say it. But Exton conceded Aerie had a point, and it was that point that stopped him.  
“If you want more time,” he told her, “you have it. You don’t have to make any life-altering decisions tonight.”
“I don’t?” 
The genuine surprise in her voice, mixed with wary suspicion, made him curse the URS and their fear mongering all over again. “Of course not. You’re free to make your own decisions while you’re here.”
“I’m not free while I’m here,” Aerie corrected him. “Remember? You won’t take me back home.” 
There was an abrupt moment of silence as Exton frowned. “Clever girl,” he muttered. “I can’t take you home right now. We’re both trapped here, Aerie, by things bigger than both of us.” 
She didn’t seem to agree with his argument, but a moment later she spoke again. 
“What if I don’t want to kiss you anymore?” Aerie asked. “Are you still okay with my choice?” 
“I’ll make another deal with you.” Exton smirked as he leaned closer to her, only a breath away. He felt her tremble saw her eyes look to his mouth. Her lips parted and her eyes fluttered shut as their breath mingled together. 
“I’ll only kiss you if you promise to kiss me back.” He reached over and tenderly ruffled her hair as he pulled back. “But in the meantime, you’re not allowed to kiss anyone else.”
“How are you going to enforce that?” Aerie asked, a small pout on her face, clearly disappointed he hadn’t kissed her again. 
“I’m Captain Chainsword,” Exton reminded her in a playful tone. “If anyone else tries to take what is mine, he’ll walk the plank.” 
Before she could reply, he took her hand in his. “I know you have questions about other things, things that are just as important.” 
“Yes,” Aerie agreed, sounding as though she was trying to recall just what those things were. 
“Truth matters. What we believe matters.” He met her gaze, just as he had the first time he met her. “I’m going to tell you the truth about the Perdition. Can you trust me?” 
Aerie slowly nodded. “Okay.” 
“It might take a while,” he added, “because it doesn’t actually start with me. Like all history, it builds on the past.”
“From the Old Republic?”
“I can start there,” he remarked with a grin. “But I can go back further if you want an excuse to hang around longer.” 
She smiled at his teasing. “I think starting at the Old Republic sounds good.” 
“Going to cripple my ego, are you?”
“It’s such a large target,” Aerie replied, laughing this time. “How can I resist?” 
Exton looked at her, watching her until she blushed. “How can you resist, indeed.” 
“Enough teasing. Tell me about the Old Republic.” 
“You likely know that a few years after the United Nations broke apart, war broke out.” 
“That was when nuclear war devastated the planet,” Aerie recited. “The URS told us that the resulting ash and debris covered most of the world and toxic rain became commonplace, eating up food resources, slowly killing off populations.”
“That’s true,” Exton replied. “What they usually leave out at this point is that the United States of America was just the USA at the time, not the UNA. It declared a state of emergency and the presidency turned into a self-appointed dictatorship.” 
“You know, you’re right,” Aerie replied. “I’d never thought of that. They don’t dwell long on that particular topic.” She giggled. “Can you imagine trying to convince the URS that they are still under the USA government’s emergency powers?” 
“It doesn’t sound like a bad idea to me, honestly,” Exton said. “The United States was ill-equipped to handle a large-scale disaster, but it was a fairly stable government system where the people were able to hold its elected officials accountable, most of the time.” He shrugged. “At least, more than the URS is able to now.” 
“I know it’s a complicated problem.” Aerie sighed. “I’m sorry I interrupted. Please, go on.”  
“Soon after, the USA joined with the northern country, Canada, to help with the ecological backlash,” Exton continued. “They became UNA, the United Nations of America. And the war, made increasingly difficult by food and communication issues, was largely postponed.” Exton shifted against the wall. “That’s another part they usually forget to mention.” 
“So we’re still at war with the Middle East?”
“Technically. But not quite.” 
“Why would we even bother fighting a war like that? With the world this way?” Aerie hopped up to the window seat. She glanced out the window, looking down at the earth. It was too far away to make out any clear land divisions or see the dark oceans underneath the swirling clouds. 
Exton came up beside her. “Some people will have power at any price.”
Aerie frowned. “That’s what they say.” 
“And that’s what they do,” Exton said. “The loudest people in the room are the ones who are usually trying to hide their own hypocrisy.”  
“It still seems wrong.” 
“To you, and me, maybe.” Exton shrugged. “It’s been hard since the fall of the Old Republic to convince people that all of humanity is broken.” 
“It’s like that thing you said before,” Aerie recalled. “Iniquity.” 
“Yes.” Exton nodded toward the earth. “All the religions in the world, before this time, agreed that there was something just not right within the heart of humanity.”
“So that brokenness led to war?” 
“It always does, Aerie. That hasn’t changed in thousands of years. Once the Old Republic dissolved into a dictatorship, new alliances formed. You’ve heard of MENACE.”
“I’ve heard of them,” Aerie agreed, thinking of the General’s accounts in his books. “They have been the arch enemy of the URS for decades now.” 
“The URS doesn’t tell you, but it wasn’t always that way. They were allies once.” 
“No, that’s not possible.” Aerie recalled the stories from the General’s reports. “They never shared the same values.” 
“That’s the part where, in some cases, it makes sense,” Exton explained. “It was the perfect way to partner up and then have no qualms about destroying an ally. 
“The UNA secretly partnered with MENACE to take over the rest of the northern hemisphere; the Southern Hemisphere had largely been lost, except for the most remote of locations, and they didn’t see the need to care much about it.”
Aerie shook her head. “I don’t know if I can believe it.” 
“Why not?” he asked. “The URS hates capitalism, right?” 
“Yes.” 
“Think about capitalism in terms of war. War is a form of competition, just like capitalism, so—”
“So it would make sense to get rid of the competition,” Aerie finished. The wonder of new discovery darkened with the destructive reality it left behind. “You’re right. That does make sense.”
“That’s how the Old Republic did it. Convince the private sector to work for the public, and then they betrayed them.” 
“It’s an idea with applicable merit,” Aerie agreed slowly. “You’re right. They didn’t teach us this history in the URS.” She frowned. “How did you learn it?” 
“The Ecclesia, among its virtues, keeps records of the world history. It has, since its creation at the turn of the Common Era, written and recorded many historical accounts as well as religious ones. Context,” he explained, “is critical to understanding truth.” 
“Can I see some of their records?” Aerie asked. 
“Sure.” Exton smiled. “Tyler is my Commander, but he is also an avid reader. He can let you into the Records Room anytime you’re free.” 
“I hope I’ll have some time this week. Emery said I could help with the harvest.” 
“You want to help with the harvest?” Exton asked, surprised. “Did she actually tell you what it is?” 
“It’s harvesting crops.” 
“And you still want to help? It’s dirty work.” 
“Cleaning with Olga and Alice has been dirty work at times,” Aerie bantered back. “I would love to see how your plants are growing up here.” She blushed. “My mother was a horticulture student before she was assigned to marry the—I mean, my father.” 
“Sounds like she would have gotten along with my mother.” Exton considered mentioning the Biovid, before he shoved the thought of it aside. He’d show it to her later. It wasn’t ready yet, he reminded himself. 
He glanced over at her as she continued to watch the endlessly expanding frontier outside the window. “Hey,” he said. 
She glanced at him. 
“I know it’s a bit off topic, but have you heard if there has been talk in the biochemistry and horticulture fields to wipe out the rest of earth’s populations?”
Aerie’s eyes widened. “Why would they do that?” 
“It was something my parents heard when I was younger.” Exton turned and faced out the window again. “I was wondering if they’d made any progress on it.” 
“You think the URS would continue that kind of research after they’ve won all the wars?” Aerie asked. “I mean,” she added with a blush, “besides the war you have with them?” 
“My father was an engineer who started out by working with the horticulture and biochemists, developing machinery for them and the forestry department. It was how he met my mother, and many of our family’s friends. Mom loved her flowers and plants and worked diligently on the URS gardens. But she decided to raise me and Emery once we came along. General St. Cloud was not happy about this.”
Aerie flinched. “I can imagine,” she mumbled. 
“Before that, my mother and a team of others were given the task of weaponizing plant DNA. I’m waiting to hear of the day they perfect it.” He shrugged. “I know they’ve made advancements in plenty of other areas.” He gave her a playful smirk. “Including some of their more recent fighting techniques, thanks to you.”
Aerie smiled but said nothing.
She wanted to, though. He could tell, the way she was carefully thinking things through. Her eyes were her downfall. With those all-too-expressive amber eyes, she would never be a good liar.
Exton leaned back and looked at her. And waited. She hates to wait. 
Finally, Aerie spoke. “I know about their experiments to weaponize pollen seeds,” she said quietly. 
“It doesn’t surprise me,” Exton said. “I’ve been waiting for it, to be honest.” 
“Why?” Aerie lowered her gaze from his again. “Why were you waiting for that particular information?” 
“Because of the old ‘take-over-the-world’ ploy. My father started this project—the Perdition—when I was young, as a way to help people live comfortably in space for a long period of time. There aren’t many reasons why any nation would need that, let alone moral reasons to have it. It seemed reasonable to assume that it could be used as a lifeboat of sorts.” 
“You do have a point,” Aerie remarked, her voice soft. 
“My family grew up along with the ship. I watched him work on it, and when I could walk and use his tools, I helped him build it.” 
“You did?” 
“Yes.” Exton smiled. “I’m not lying to you, Aerie.” 
Her eyes were still wary, while her voice was still a whisper. But Exton could hear the certainty in it. “I know.”  
“Papa had a lot of friends who also worked on it. They were members of the Ecclesia. Most of them up here are also people I grew up with and their kids, and some grandkids now, too.
“My parents converted when I was young. Emery has also made much study of it since then. I think that’s part of the reason she fell in love with Tyler.”
“You weren’t a member of the Ecclesia?” Aerie asked. 
Exton cringed at the surprise in her voice. “I mostly ignored it, to be honest. I was young. I wanted to be famous. So when General St. Cloud took notice of my skills, I was thrilled. Both Emery and I managed to impress a lot of our superiors with our skills and training, thanks to our parents.” 
“Your mother was a horticulturalist?” 
“Close. She studied as a botanist.”
“Emery learned from her.” 
“Yes.” 
Aerie’s eyes were sad as she turned to him. “And your dad taught you about engineering.” 
“Yes.” 
“So you did steal this ship from the URS?” Aerie asked. 
He sighed. “I wouldn’t call it stealing, per say.” 
Aerie gave him a tiny smile. “Emery said about the same thing.” 
“I was only fourteen when my father was killed by the URS. Emery and I were lined up for early entrance into different universities. I’d talked with St. Cloud about working for the military.”
“He would have liked that.” Aerie cleared her throat. “I imagine.” 
“He did.” Exton clenched his fists. “I think it was part of the reason they were not willing to give my father another punishment.” 
“Exton.” She put her hand on his, and he mindlessly stared at it for a long moment, before grasping onto her. 
“After my father was killed, I felt guilty for weeks. It was only later that I began to feel angry. My father was a good man. Idealistic, but he wanted to make the world a better place for the people, not for the State. I could no longer agree with the State. Tyler was my best friend at the time. We were at university when I told him what happened. He was there for the military, studying aeronautics and astrophysics for their new space fighter program. We decided to find a way to commit treason and honor my father’s memory.”
“So you decided to steal back his ship.” 
“Yes. It took months of planning, but I still can’t believe somedays how we managed to pull it off. The URS was using my father’s ship as a prototype at the time, at New Hope’s Military Academy. But we got it; many members of the Ecclesia helped us launch it, as you might have figured. It was a miracle, but we got it.”
He relaxed against the window, feeling the cool of the steel-enforced glass behind him. “So that’s the story.” 
“I see.” Aerie nervously laced her fingers together in her lap. “So you took the ship out of revenge for your father’s death. And you managed to stop them from using their weapons on other nations from space?” 
“I wouldn’t say ‘managed.’” He turned away. “They’ve still attacked different countries, and we’ve been unable to do much about it. The nice thing about the Ecclesia is that they have a reliable network of informants. We are sometimes able to get people out, if they believe us, but we are unable to save everyone or the places.” 
“If that’s the truth,” Aerie said slowly, “then you are a hero.”
Exton shook his head. “No, I’m not. I am the reason my father died. Anything I can do to stop the URS from destroying the world is still not enough to absolve me of that sin.”
“And you’re sure that the URS is lying to its people?” 
He frowned at her. “Even you know that, Aerie.” 
“They have good intentions. Sometimes.” 
“That doesn’t mean that it’s not harmful. Surely you can think of some instances where they do cause problems for their populations.”
He watched her face, her expression changing slowly from concentration to disbelief, to uncertainty to despair. Exton nodded as her eyes met his once more. “There are others here, others who are older than me, and they can tell you more. Several refugees can also attest to contrary reports from the URS history record.” 
“Like what?” 
Exton rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “There are a few bigger ones that come to mind. MENACE, for example, never poisoned the Hudson River eight years ago; I knew a water systems specialist who confided in me that the water had been polluted from a mutated bacterium growth.” 
Aerie nodded. “I wondered about that myself a few years ago,” she admitted quietly. “I took samples one day and examined them. The bacteria wasn’t mutated, but it was a specialized culture which only grows in certain conditions. MENACE would not have had the resources for it, most likely.” Her lip trembled. “My mom knew a lot about things like that, so she helped with the cultures.” 
Exton said nothing for several moments. He glanced at the earth through the window overhead, allowing her time to digest all the new—readjusted—information.  
“Is that why you rescue people?” Aerie finally asked. “To save them from the URS?” 
“Sometimes,” he admitted. “Many of them want to be here, with the Ecclesia. They think it’s safe.” 
“Is it?” 
Exton sighed. “It’s safer than a lot of other places, especially for people who believe in something greater that the URS.” 
“Something greater?” 
“When your beliefs fail you, you need to look to something greater,” he told her. “The Ecclesia have God.” 
“What do you have?” Aerie asked quietly. 
“Right now? Revenge.” 
At her shocked expression, he laughed coldly. “I wasn’t playing a game,” he said, “when I told you my greatest fear was that I have nothing else to lose.” 
“But you’re a good person.” Aerie blushed. “At least, I think so. I mean, you help people.” 
“I didn’t set out to help people when I stole this ship.” 
“But you did.” 
“Is there such a thing as being accidentally good?” 
Aerie frowned at his teasing tone. “You’re not giving yourself enough credit.” 
“I doubt it.” 
“I know you better than I did before,” she said, taking a step closer to him. “From being around here, listening to people tell me about you and their lives. I know you’ve been a good leader.” 
“All it takes to mess it up is one bad decision.” 
“That doesn’t make you a monster,” Aerie whispered. 
“That doesn’t mean that you believe it,” he countered. 
Aerie sighed. “I think I need some time to think it over still.” She tightened her grip on his hand. “I don’t disbelieve you, though.” 
Small steps. “I understand.” Exton checked the time. “It’s getting late,” he said. “If you want to help with the harvest tomorrow, you’d better get back to your room.” 
“Exton.” She blushed as she said his name. “Can we stay here for a bit longer?” 
“Sure, if you want.” He grinned. “The privacy is nice, isn’t it?” 
“Yes.” She nodded toward the window. “The view is, too.”
“It’s definitely different from the one in New Hope. Assuming it hasn’t drastically changed in the last six years.” 
“It hasn’t,” Aerie assured him. “Sometimes I have trouble when I am working, when I see windows here, because I start staring out into space,” she admitted. “Olga’s told me it’s natural, and that once I get used to it it’ll be easier to focus on work. I hope I don’t get used to it.”   
“I don’t blame you.” He followed her gaze. “Once you lose something like that, it’s really hard to get it back.”
She slumped back against the wall, letting herself fall into a sitting position. “Come and sit with me.” 
Exton moved to sit next to her. He was surprised when she took his arm and wrapped it around her shoulders. 
“It’s a little cold in here,” she murmured inconspicuously, snuggling into the small niche of his shoulder.
“I never notice anymore,” he admitted, drawing her closer. “You’re warm to me.”  
“Is this where I hit you?” she asked, reaching out and gently touching the left side of his chest. 
“Yes. It’s better now.” 
“That’s good.” She smiled up at him. “I’m not lying to you when I say I’m happy that it’s better.” 
“I’m glad you’re not lying.” 
“Let’s not lie to each other about other stuff.” 
“Like what?” 
“Just other stuff, not related to war or politics or anything.” Aerie shrugged. “What’s your favorite color? That seems pretty basic.” 
“You always start with the basics?” 
“When it comes to you? Hardly.” 
He laughed. “That’s true. I like blue best. It’s the only primary color that stays blue, no matter how light or dark you make it.” 
“That’s neat. I never thought of that,” Aerie said. “My favorite color is—”
“Wait,” he interrupted. “Let me guess. It is red?”
“Yeah. How did you know?” Aerie asked. 
He grinned. “Just had a feeling.”
As they continued, as best as they could, to have a normal conversation, Exton felt her relax against him, her warmth gradually pulling him into quiet contentment. He didn’t know if she was doing it out of sympathy at hearing his story, or if she was slowly leaving her shyness and hesitancy behind. Either way, he admired her bravery and compassion. 
And even though he was paying attention to all her questions and answers, all he really wanted to ask her was if he could kiss her again. Despite his feelings on the matter, he decided against it. 
There is no rushing this, he thought. He had time, as little as it might have been, and if she was going to trust him, he knew he had to give it to her.


♦20♦

With a hulking basket full of crops on her back, Aerie felt a momentary sense of satisfaction stem from her efforts as she deftly climbed down into one of the Perdition’s storage pantries. 
She knew of the gymnasium on Level Four, and she had attempted to get a workout in just once before. But the stares and whispers that seemed to follow her drove her out of the room. 
That was the least of her worries for the moment. There was a war to consider, sinister intentions to weigh, and her own hesitations to condemn.  
And on top of that, as of this morning there were at least a hundred rooms of crops that needed harvested, collected, and stored. 
“Looks great, Aerie,” Alice said. “How’s the rest of your room coming?” 
Aerie smiled as she handed her basket off to Alice. “It’s almost done,” she answered. “Naomi and Orla, the other girls working with me, will be down in a few moments.” 
“You guys are sure going fast.” Alice gestured toward the storage shelves. “Kyo and I will find a way to make room for more.” 
Aerie grinned. 
“I like how your hair is styled today,” Alice said. “It looks like you’re getting better about braiding it.” 
“Yes,” Aerie agreed with a small laugh. “I appreciate you showing me how to do it.” 
Alice tweaked one of her short curls. “I almost wish I had longer hair still. It’s just easier.” 
“My mother liked my hair long,” Aerie recalled. “She died a few years ago.”
“Did she have long hair like yours, too?” 
“Yes.” Aerie grinned. “And I like it this way, too, of course.” 
“That’s why you keep it like that?”
“My mother’s hair was a darker shade of red than mine. But she liked to keep it longer, too. Why do you ask?”
Alice shrugged. “You remind me of one of the ladies I used to know in the Chaya settlement, where I used to live, before I applied to come and work on the Perdition. I thought you might be related.” 
“Chaya settlement?” 
“It’s a small place close to the fertile crescent area, where the Mediterranean Sea used to be. It’s one of the Ecclesia’s camping grounds.” 
Aerie frowned. “My mother’s name was Merra.” 
“That was her name, too.” 
That’s … weird. 
“I’ll have to ask Exton about that,” Aerie decided. “That’s strange. Maybe she is related to me. I don’t have any relatives on my mother’s side that I know about.” 
“Exton?” Alice repeated. “You mean the Captain?” 
“Yes.” Aerie immediately felt her face turning red. “Yes, that’s who I meant. The Captain. Sorry.”
“Does he talk to you?” Alice asked. “I’ve heard he lets people call him by his name that he’s close to.” 
“We haven’t talked that much.” Aerie tried to shrug it off. “I mean, I’ve talked way more with Emery.”  
“I’ve heard he’s taken a liking to one of the new refugees,” Alice said. “I was wondering if it was you. You’re so pretty.”
Aerie felt her mouth drop open in surprise. “Well, thank you, but—”
“Do you have a crush on him, too?” 
“I’ve heard that the Ecclesia teaches that gossiping is—”
“Gossip and staying informed are different things,” Alice interrupted. “But I was right. It is you, isn’t it?” 
“I—”
“Are you almost done up there, Aerie?” Orla called down from below. “I’ve got my batch ready.”
“Coming.” Aerie smiled back at Alice, trying not to feel like it was forced all of a sudden. “I’ll see you in a bit. Excuse me.” 
She breathed a sigh of relief as she passed Orla. The small, graceful woman didn’t seem to sense her distress.
No wonder there are so many whispers around, if they think Exton is attracted to me. 
Well, he is, Aerie thought, correcting herself. But it wasn’t like that was anyone’s business but his, and hers, too. 
Aerie smiled, thinking of how they spent a good hour together in the Captain’s Lounge, just talking and sitting in the small room, watching the celestial bodies shift through the high window.
He walked her to her room, said good night, and left her wondering if she hated or admired his fortitude in keeping his promise not to kiss her unless she wanted him to. 
Aerie realized, somewhere in the middle of her restless night of half-sleep, confusing dreams, and discomforting darkness, that it wasn’t Exton she was angry with, but herself. 
She was lying to others, and she’d been lied to; maybe she was even lying to herself. 
Aerie woke up to Emery at the door, letting her know she’d been excused from working with Olga that day so she could help with the harvest. 
The work was pleasant, if hard, but Aerie was unable to find peace. The work was absorbing enough that the dull hum of disappointment and confusion were able to be held at bay, but only just so. 
Aerie passed by a window. Awe struck her all over again as she gazed out to see the small, growing shadow of Earth against the darkness of space. The sun shone brightly on its cloud cover, illuminating the soft tapestry of wind patterns flowing over the world. She could see faint traces of green and orange glow at the northern pole, where the gray waters of the ocean faded to blue. 
“It really is an ugly sort of beautiful,” Aerie murmured to herself. 
Just like me. 
It was an unfortunate mess she was in, and Aerie felt the anger creeping into her heart again. 
The truth mattered. Why did this surprise her? 
Aerie sighed. She thought about her notes on the crew and the Perdition. It was a stupid idea to begin with, she thought. The URS didn’t need to know about the Perdition. Of course, that was no reason to stop asking questions. She wanted to find things out for herself while she was onboard. And she would. 
As for the URS … Aerie decided her father was going to have a lot of questions to answer when she got back. 
If she went back. 
If only it could be so easy to stay. 
It was hard to imagine a world where she did not go to class, or work, where she did not get to talk with people she had grown up with, where she did not see the same things outside her window she’d always seen. Brock, Serena, her brothers, and her father. Even her stepmother, Phoebe, and her class of peers.
But in the past week, it had become increasingly difficult to imagine going to a job where there was none of Olga’s kindness, living in a place without a friendship like Emery’s, and leaving behind a world with Exton’s kisses. 
Her guilt prompted her to ignore her thoughts on the matter before she examined them too closely.
Instead, she wondered what it would have been like to meet Exton before his heart had been crushed. 
“Daydreaming again?” 
“Exton.” Aerie jumped at his voice. It was as if she’d summoned him. “What are you doing here?”
He grinned at her. “Maybe I came to work.” 
“Really?” Aerie arched her brow. “You’re not here to spend time with me?” 
“I can be, if you want.” He gave her a smug look. “But for that to happen, you’d have to tell me first, and I don’t think you want to sacrifice your pride.” 
“It can’t just happen?” Aerie asked. “I have to ask for it?” 
“Like forgiveness for a most egregious sin,” he confirmed.
Aerie laughed. “I’ll take the penance for my pride,” she said, “because I don’t want to impose on your hospitality too much.” 
“You’re not. Didn’t Emery explain how the work system goes here?” Exton asked. “You’ll get credits for working, and you can spend them on what you want.” 
Aerie recalled Emery mentioning something like that as they walked around the Perdition. “I guess I didn’t understand,” she admitted. 
“You can use them for classes, with the Ecclesia, if you’d like. Emery mentioned you like botany and plants.” 
“That would be wonderful,” Aerie agreed, excitement starting to bubble up inside of her. “What kind of classes can I afford?” 
“You can look it up once you get to your room to know for sure, but there are plenty of classes. I’m sure you could find at least one to interest you.” 
“Are classes the only things I could buy?” Aerie asked. “What do other people use their money for?”
“Room, board, and food, some entertainment—”
“Wait,” Aerie interrupted. “It costs something to live and eat here?”
“Yes, but you don’t need to worry about it. You’re my guest,” Exton reminded her softly. “You don’t pay for that.” 
“Who pays for it then?” Aerie asked. 
“I do.” 
She paused, startled. “You’re paying for me to be here?” 
“I have enough credits, if that’s what you’re worried about.” 
“I didn’t know.” 
“It’s fine.” He took her hand. “I wanted to.” 
“I’ll pay you back,” she promised. 
“No. I don’t want you to.” Exton shook his head. “It’s a gift, Aerie.” 
“Then I should give you something to make it equal.” 
“Equal and fair again, huh?” Exton sighed. “It’s not like that here, Aerie. When you’re given a gift, you don’t try to pay for it. You just take care of it.”
As she stared at him, he began to laugh. “You should see your face right now. Has no one ever given you anything, without any expectation of repayment or thanks before?” 
“I … I don’t know.” 
“Well, then consider this time onboard with us a first, from me to you.” He took her hand and tugged. “You’ve been working on the harvest long enough today. Come and see everything that the Ecclesia has set up in the gym.”
Aerie saw Orla coming down from the storage pantry and Naomi making her way over, a speculative gleam in the older woman’s eye. “I don’t know. I still have a lot of work to do.” 
“You’ll get it done,” he told her. “I’ve been watching you work.” 
“You have?” Aerie’s question was soft and full of awe. 
He smiled. “Yes. It’s very relaxing for me. You seem to take it pretty seriously most of the time. You about had a fit when those kids two rooms over ran through here. But you didn’t scold them. You laughed and redirected them, and then when they were gone you grumbled while you picked up all the fallen sprouts off the floors.” 
“I would have scolded them if they weren’t so … so … ” 
“Young?” he offered. 
“Maybe.” 
“Aerie, the harvest is going to last all week,” Exton reminded her. “Come and see the traditional first day festivities with me, and then you can come back and work.” Exton reached over and brushed her bangs out of her eyes, marveling at the uncertainty and relentless curiosity he saw in their amber-colored seas.
“Are you sure?” she asked. “What will people say?” 
“Who cares?” Exton scowled. “Everyone talks about me, Aerie. There’s very little stopping it. Even God, who, I will be the first to admit, has infinitely more power and influence in such matters than I do, can’t get all his followers to stop the gossip on this ship.”
She giggled. “If you’re sure … ”
“I’m sure.” 
“I don’t want to ruin you.”
“If you ruin me, I’ll ruin you.” 
“Is that another deal?” Aerie asked. She saw the playful smile on his face as she grasped his hand in hers. 
“Yes.” 
“I’m beginning to like our deals.” 
His hand tightened around hers. “Me, too.” 

♦♦♦♦

Exton couldn’t recall the last time he’d enjoyed dancing. 
The last time he danced was Emery’s wedding, and he had loathed it. Of course, it was not for a lack of skill or partner; Emery was beautiful and wistful and awing, her movements graceful and precise despite his rusty skills.
But that was Emery, through and through. Exton knew his sister was a romantic at heart, and a practical woman at will. 
In contrast, Aerie was an unexpected adventure. She was hesitant but brave, curious but polite—and she always looked to him to catch her if she fell. 
Aerie laughed and smiled as he twirled her around, pulled her in close, and led her into turns. 
“You’re having fun,” she said. From her tone, Exton knew it wasn’t a question. 
“It seems I am,” he said. “Are you?” 
Not that Emery’s wedding wasn’t as cheerful and happy as the Harvest, he thought. It was just different with Aerie. 
So much is different with Aerie. 
“I don’t think I’ve ever danced like this before,” she confided, giving him another one of her guilty smiles, the kind Exton both loved and hated. 
He hated she was still wired to side with the URS more often than not, but he knew she was coming around. And he knew what it was like. Hadn’t he experienced the same thing ten years ago, before he cut ties with them and committed treason? 
Maybe a few more weeks here will help her. 
 “You mean you’ve never danced just to have a good time, rather than for ceremony or matters of State?” 
Exton might have been teasing her, but her eyes were somber as she nodded. “You’re right,” she replied. 
Those eyes, he thought. So big and bright, even when they were sad. There was something about them that tugged at his heart.
With his attention focused on her, Exton suddenly stumbled. He felt her crash into him, her arms pull him close, and instant concern cross her features. 
Exton fell back into his memory of the moment where he picked her up out of the tree and held onto her. His chest ached in that moment, weakened by the desire to respond to her vulnerability. 
All over again, he felt the thick, hardened barrier around his heart crack in triumphant rebellion. This time there was no fear, only falling—and then he was free. 
“Are you okay?” Aerie asked, as other people laughed and danced around the room as though the floor hadn’t slipped out from under his feet, as though nothing out of the ordinary had occurred in the last, longest second of his life. “You have a strange look on your face.” 
A pair of dancers bounced against him, but he only clung more tightly to her. 
How could life change so much, in less than a twinkling of an eye? 
“I do believe,” Exton told her quietly, “that you’ve ruined me.” 
He couldn’t tell if she fully understood what he meant, but her eyes twinkled with joy. A second later, she wrapped her arms around his neck, and, standing up on tiptoes, she gently pressed her lips against his. 
The shock of her shy kiss sent lightning dashing across his senses. If his heart hadn’t already insisted on loving her, his soul would have demanded it. The room, with all its stares and whispers, whisked away into nothingness as his arms tightened around her. He closed his eyes as his hands ran up her body to cradle her face and keep her close.
She drew back a moment later. “Exton,” Aerie muttered, glancing around uneasily. There was a red tint to her cheeks. “People are looking at us.”
“That’s your fault,” he murmured, “for breaking our deal.”  
“The deal was that you wouldn’t kiss me unless I wanted you to,” Aerie replied with a renewed sense of a challenge. “It said nothing about me kissing you.” 
“You are too clever at all the wrong times,” he teased. “If you’re uncomfortable with people watching, we can go somewhere else.”
“I’m enjoying the dance,” Aerie said, some embarrassment still evident as she pulled him back into the rhythm of the song. “Emery told me she loves music, and this makes me see why. It goes from reverent to joyful to sorrowful, and then to resolved. It’s very nice.” 
“I agree with you. Music is much better outside the URS.”
“Most things are, don’t you think?” Aerie asked teasingly, before she turned her attention back to dancing. “I can’t imagine this won’t last for much longer.” 
“It’ll go long into the night,” Exton promised. “This is one of our traditions here.” 
“Why? Won’t the people get tired?” 
“It started as we began to harvest the crops from the first year of being in space,” Exton explained. “The Ecclesia have a history of celebrations like this, where different events and foods mean different things.” He nodded to the other side of the room, where Emery was dancing with Tyler. “You can ask either of them for more details if you’re interested.” 
“You didn’t study that part, then?” Aerie asked. 
“No.” Exton gave her a smirk. “I don’t usually even show up for this celebration; if I do, it’s only for a few moments. Long enough to be seen.”
“Long enough to be seen but quick enough not to be missed?” 
“That sounds about right.” 
“Do you have a lot of secrets?” 
“What?” He frowned down at her. “What do you mean by that?” 
“I was just wondering,” she said with a shrug. “People who carry a lot of secrets tend to avoid people. Or so I’ve noticed, anyway.” 
“You have some secrets too, then?” Exton asked. 
“I asked you first,” she insisted. 
He looked beyond her, to where Reverend Thorne and Brother Don were chatting with some of the Command Bridge crewmembers. “Every captain has some secrets,” he said. “All leaders do.”
Aerie followed his gaze, before glancing over at Emery. “Do you really have a collection of MENACE fighters onboard?” she asked. When he looked down at her in surprise, she explained, “Emery said I should ask you about it.” 
“Curious, are you?” 
“On a regular basis,” Aerie said with a sigh. “Or so I’ve been told.” 
“Curiosity is not a virtue of the State,” Exton recalled. “But I would consider it one here.” 
“So you’ll tell me about the MENACE fighters?” Aerie grinned. 
“Relentlessly curious.” He slowed to a stop and pulled her back from the dancing area. “It’s probably better if I show you.” 
Her eyes went wide with a mix of suspicion and pleasure. “Show me? You mean the rumor was true?” 
“Sort of. It’s complicated.” 
“But you can show me? And you would do that?” Aerie asked. “Can we go right now?” 
Exton watched as she wiggled her bottom and laced her fingers together, clearly trying to contain her excitement. “If you want.” He considered the matter more closely as he saw more people duck their eyes from his gaze. He didn’t need to subject Aerie to their probing looks, he thought. 
“Then let’s go.” Aerie started tugging him behind her. “I want answers, Exton.” 
“I’m glad to hear that,” he said, slowing her down. “But there’s no need to gallop out of here. And I have to warn you, Aerie, while the truth is important, it’s not always pleasant.” 
“Well, you’ve already managed to teach me that,” Aerie grumbled, “and I don’t seem to have suffered anything lethal.” 
He smirked. “Suffering is still suffering, even if it’s temporary.” 
“I can handle it.” 
“I envy your confidence,” Exton replied. “You make me wish I had more of it myself.” 
Loving her is not going to be easy, he thought. 


♦21♦

Aerie glanced around the rear hangar full of enemy star fighters, all of them gleaming. Her excitement suddenly tempered with caution. “They seem like they’re in working order.” 
“They are. We only used some of our larger shuttles, including the one you came in on, for supply runs and transports. We don’t use these for much.” Exton glanced over to see a frown on Aerie’s face. “What is it?” 
Aerie stepped back as her frown deepened. Something uneasy had settled into her mind while she stood there overlooking the hangar. 
Something was wrong. 
Stupid, stop thinking something is wrong just because you’re enjoying yourself. You’re allowed to be here, and if the General was here, he would likely encourage you to get a good look at their available forces … 
Aerie frowned. A good look … 
Exton indicated the far end. “There’s a smaller airstrip down here that opens up near the orbital thrusters; it’s actually a smart design. The rear of the ship has to be protected, because if we lose flight power we’re not able to do much to resist against an attack, let alone fight back.”
“I studied warfare,” Aerie reminded him. “Not a lot of specific air battle maneuvers, but I like to think it wouldn’t be that hard to fight in the air and space.” 
“Everyone likes to think it would be easy.” Exton shrugged before Aerie recalled he’d battled it out against her father’s forces several times over the last six years. 
“You don’t use these on your missions when you go down to Earth?” Aerie asked. 
“No. We don’t use these fighters, or at least we haven’t used them for battle. Sometimes we take them out to use for scouting missions.” He grinned. “Or military feints. We don’t do it too often, because the URS can use those as propaganda.”
“I have seen some of the news reels,” Aerie admitted. “These do look like the same ships.” She tried to recall the footage.  
“What’s wrong?” 
“And these are all you have?” Aerie frowned as she looked down at the smaller hangar located in the rear of the Perdition. “Just the twelve?”
“Yes. The Perdition had a hard enough time taking off with these in it,” Exton assured her. She watched as he visibly winced. “It was one of the many reasons I thought our attempt to recapture the ship from the URS would fail.” 
“You’ll have to tell me about it sometime.” Aerie laughed. “I’d love to hear how you managed to defeat my father.” 
The instant the words were out of her mouth, she blanched. “Sorry,” she muttered, avoiding Exton’s suddenly suspicious eyes, “I mean, the URS.”
 Her nerves screamed at her as she hurried over to the nearest ship. “Right now, I’d really love to see what it feels like to sit in one of these.”
Exton hesitated for just a moment—long enough for Aerie to fear being caught, and therefore forced to prepare for their battle rematch—before he seemed to push past his doubt. But once he came over and unlatched the hatch, Aerie felt a small rush of relief. 
“I’m curious about something,” Exton said, making Aerie’s stress reignite. 
“What?” Aerie asked, avoiding his gaze as she scooted into the cockpit of the one-man star fighter. 
Not now, she thought. Not now that they had made a deal not to lie to each other. Please, please, please don’t ask about my family.
She glanced around and frowned. “Hang on,” she interrupted. “There’s something wrong here.” 
Exton glanced over at her. “What is it?” 
“This is … I wonder … ”Aerie ignored his question as she pushed in a code for ignition. 
“Hey, come on, Aerie,” Exton called over the roar of the engine and the whir of power the small fighter emitted. “It’s one thing to see it, it’s another to try to turn it on and take it for a test drive.”
She pushed his voice out of her head while she glanced at the monitors. Familiar patterns, signals, and symbols blazed throughout the small cockpit.
“Aerie!” 
“Huh?” Aerie glanced back at him, just as he began to reach for her. “Oh, sorry.” She turned off the engine.
“What was that about?” Exton asked. “I mean, I know you’re curious, but—”
Aerie was surprised to find that her hands were shaking. “This is a URS ship,” she said, her voice full of incredulous shock. “The console, the codes, everything. It’s all the same tech.” 
She glanced down at the starboard and port consoles, further surprised to see what looked like an early version of NETech implanted into the pilot controls. “This is … ”
“It was confusing for me at first, too,” Exton remarked, clearly aware of her discomfort, “if that helps you some.”
“I don’t understand,” Aerie whispered. “What would MENACE be doing with all this tech? I mean, they’ve been largely disbanded since … ” She swiveled around to face Exton.
She thought about the General’s memoirs of battles with MENACE, about all the documentation and history lectures she had endured at her school. 
“Was MENACE forming an alliance with the URS, right before you stole the ship?” Aerie asked.
“No.” He shook his head.
“But then how did they get all this military tech from the URS?” 
“There are only a couple of situations that would explain it,” Exton said. “I can assure you, it’s the one you least want to be true.” 
When she just frowned, Exton shrugged. “Didn’t you think it would be strange for me to take off with a bunch of so-called enemy ships inside of it?” 
Aerie frowned. “I didn’t think of it,” she muttered apologetically. I was too worried about my earlier slip up about the General. “But now that you’ve said it, you’re right.”
“Taking over a starship is not an easy business,” Exton told her, as he pulled her down out of the cockpit. “I can fully assure you that smuggling a dozen enemy fighter ships onboard would have made it impossible.” He looked past her, toward the rest of the collection. 
Aerie slumped over. “The URS was setting up to go to war with MENACE when you stole the ship, weren’t they? But the URS wouldn’t capture a bunch of enemy ships just to put them into space, would they?” 
“Not quite,” Exton said. “But close. MENACE has been an empty and largely imaginary threat for the last two decades.” He scowled. “Grant Osgood is no saint, but when he took over, he did manage to swiftly destroy most of what remained of them.” 
Aerie fought against the idea. “That’s impossible!” 
“Is it?” 
The gentle question angered her more than any derision. 
“That’s not easy to accept,” Aerie said. “I mean, you’re more or less telling me that MENACE is not real. Not anymore.” 
“There will always be people who long for war,” Exton replied. “But since the times of the Old Republic, and the execution of the capitalists, there hasn’t been a lot of resources.” 
“What’s that got to do with anything?”
“War is not just a military concern. It’s often a political, economic, and personal one.” Exton leaned against the hatch. “Either way, people like that—people with political, economic, or personal agendas—will go to war once the resources to do so are available. When capitalism was outlawed, the governments were able to take control of that.” 
“Wouldn’t that make people stop going to war, then?” Aerie asked, thinking of the long wait times at the medical centers and the long wait times for certain resources. It was hard to go to war when basic living took up so much time and required so much waiting. 
“It’s easy to plan smaller, guerilla warfare tactics. One person is only so capable,” he explained. “And it is hard to get a hold of weapons to fight an entire nation. But once a larger body of people come together, such as the URS, it becomes a means to control its people and its resources.”
“I thought you said that UNA worked with MENACE once.” 
“It did. MENACE was real, once. They were an unreliable ally of UNA. They tried to work together, but it turned ugly quick. MENACE destroyed the energy grids across North America in the last wars of the Old Republic, but they forgot that in killing off a large population of the world, they lost their markets. They collapsed economically, and civil war devastated them, ruining their access to resources.”
“Their markets?” 
“Economic markets. The world will be run as a business from here on out, till the end of the world, including societies. That means war, in the traditional sense, has to be profitable. And the ‘business,’ which in the case of the URS has to be the government, is the one who decides if it is or not.” 
He crossed his arms over his chest as she stared at him. “Think about it. Essentialism is at the core of many businesses who want profit. Focusing on survival, obedience, and placement—it makes sense, both in business and in social engineering. They can’t exactly ‘fire’ you when you live under their control. So they have to sell ideas; mainly obedience to the State, above all else. If you don’t conform, you die or you cease to live free.” 
“I don’t know if I believe you.” Aerie shook her head. “This is too much.” 
“The proof is right here, Aerie,” he told her. “You said it yourself. This is URS tech. They were setting the nation up for a new war.” 
“But you just said MENACE had been defeated by Osgood when he took over.” 
“It was. The URS has just been using their name as a scapegoat. It’s a false enemy now.” 
Aerie felt her mouth drop open. She’d suspected—no, she knew on some level that they had lied before. But … 
Exton continued. “That’s part of the reason that Captain Chainsword’s ghost has no qualms about working with MENACE. It makes a good story, doesn’t it?” He grimaced. 
“So does the one where it turns out you’re just a rebel against a nation of only death, disaster, and dictatorship,” Aerie pointed out. 
“I know it’s hard to accept,” Exton said. “I was surprised to find them here, too. But once I examined them, I wasn’t that surprised anymore.” 
“Congratulations,” Aerie grumbled angrily. “I suppose you saw the NETech, too?” 
“NETech?” Exton frowned. “No, my father worked on some of the ship’s design. They were modified for weaponry, but I’d recognize his work anywhere.”
Her anger disappeared as surprise replaced it. “Your dad designed these ships?” 
You have to be careful here. Aerie knew that she couldn’t completely rely on Exton. But … 
But I’m more than tempted to.
She felt her palms begin to sweat. 
“I don’t think he knew they were being used for a power play,” Exton said, interrupting her internal rebuke. “But he was a master engineer, Aerie. He designed the Perdition. You know he was talented.” 
“Did he have a hand in designing the NET, too?” Aerie asked. “They just started adding it into the Air Force.” 
“What’s NET?” 
“NET, or NETech, is the name for Neuro-Enzyme Transmission Technology.” Aerie pointed to the small panels along the pilot seat. “It’s similar to the way that plants communicate with their synapses. A transmission device connects with the engine and feeds into the right enzymes to create a certain response. In this case, a pilot would be able to skip hearing his instructions while flying; it would feel as though his instincts had taken over.” 
“Wouldn’t that be dangerous?”
“No; enzymes and chemicals and synapses are all natural forms of communication inside the body. Injecting it directly from an outside source is only a matter of translation. It wouldn’t be hard to rewire someone’s mind with that kind of interference.” 
Aerie glanced down at the system and its connections. For the first time, she felt a little afraid of it. If that was possible for the battlefield, it could also work in other places. She wasn’t sure how she felt about that. 
“Even in battle?” Exton asked, drawing her out of her inner speculation as she climbed out of the ship.
She nodded. “Especially if they were briefed on an objective beforehand,” Aerie informed him. “Since the satellites are being watched, this program is not very well known outside the military. It is, actually, classified information.” 
“How do you know about it?” 
Aerie hesitated. “I heard about it from General St. Cloud,” she answered carefully. “I wasn’t supposed to. He mentioned it after my PAR.” 
She watched as his fists clenched and his frowned deepened. “I suppose if anyone would know about it, he would,” Exton growled. 
Inside of her, worry started to stir. She knew her father was a sore point with Exton. Aerie cleared her throat. “So, the URS was going to send out a fleet of MENACE ships to down the space program?” 
“I’m not sure of all the specifics,” Exton admitted. “But when I communicate with Osgood or St. Cloud, I know I messed up their plans to go to war once more.” 
“And as long as you remain out here,” Aerie mused, “you are further delaying their plans. Because they can’t control you.” 
“Maybe.” He sighed. “There are other reasons we stayed, too. After my father’s death, my aunt started a new colony down in the southern ocean isles, far enough away from the URS and its influence. That’s the other part of the reason for the harvest, too. We celebrate with them, provide for them, watch out for them. We want to make sure the refugees down there and their families are safe.”
“You should have seen some of the hatred Captain Chainsword inspired at my graduation ceremony. They hate you. And they’ve managed to turn the whole generation against you,” Aerie said. “But you’re still here, likely saving them from pointless death.” 
“I never set out to save anyone.” He shrugged. “I might just be making it worse for them in the end, anyway.” 
“You were just going to take the ship, but you have been up here in order to keep the world at peace.”
“The world’s not at peace, Aerie,” he retorted. 
“But it’s not in pieces, either,” she argued. “As long as you’re here, you’re keeping the world in a stasis of sorts.” 
When he said nothing, she took hold of his arm. “Why did you tell me these things?” 
“The world’s not the only thing that has been in stasis,” Exton told her. “Do you know how hard and painful it is to bring a heart back to life?” 
“No, I don’t,” Aerie told him quietly. “But I will do everything I can to make it better.”
He drew her closer, embracing her. “You already have.” 
“You just said you had pain because of me.”
“Not all pain is bad, Aerie. Sometimes pain just means that there is something greater worth suffering for.”
She smiled. “Are you going to kiss me again?” 
“Man is a fallen creature, Aerie; the first man was said to have fallen into sin, away from all that was bright and beautiful and good, just so he could stay at the side of his true love,” Exton said, leaning his forehead against hers. “But I won’t kiss you if you don’t want me to.”
“I want you to,” Aerie murmured. Her eyes fluttered shut as he smiled and drew even closer to her.  
The first touch of his lips on hers sent a deep yearning through her soul, waking the warmth all through her body. She was surprised at the fervency she felt, the sudden desperation to respond to him. 
Was this what Serena spent her life chasing after? Aerie wondered. To feel this beautiful and treasured, to know that someone knew her and still wanted to be with her? 
A soft moan escaped her unexpectedly. “Exton,” she muttered. “I want you.” She flushed red, her face full of heat. 
He stopped kissing her and moved back from her. “I’ve wanted you since I first saw you.” 
“Really?” Aerie laughed. “When I attacked you?”
“Before that.” He ran his hands through her hair, fiddling with her braid.  “I was the one who found you in the tree, remember? You were just like a fairy or sprite, sleeping in the hollow of your home. In hindsight, I should have known you would have had some fight in you, after I killed the Memory Tree.” 
He looked into her eyes intently. “Can you forgive me for that, Aerie? For destroying your tree?” 
Aerie shifted in his arms, suddenly uncomfortable. “I think I can forgive you for that,” she said. “I was always different from the URS, you know.”
“I know. That’s why I want you to stay.”
“You want me to stay?” Aerie asked, hope and excitement bubbling up inside of her. 
“Yes.” 
She giggled happily. “I think I want to, too.” She sighed, before frowning. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“I always thought I had to change to be accepted. But I guess there are some things you just can’t change.”
“People can change, Aerie. But more often than not, people change us. If we want them to, or if we allow them to.” He smiled at her. “So I guess you didn’t really want to change, then.”
“Not until recently,” she admitted. 
“I’m glad.” Exton grinned. “Especially since you’ll forgive me for ruining your tree?” 
Aerie sighed. “I’m not happy about it, but I can forgive you.”
Exton grinned, then grabbed her arms and planted a kiss on her forehead. “Thank you.”  
She felt an indignant spark of anger at his response, like he’d just been trying to placate a small child. “I’m not weak for agreeing to forgive you,” Aerie insisted. 
“I know.” He took her hands in his and squeezed them. “Of all people, Aerie, I know how hard it is to forgive someone. I know it very well—so well I have still refused to do it. But I had a feeling you would. You were right, you know. That day in the med ward. You are braver than most.”  
She blushed at his words. “There are still some things I’m scared of,” she admitted quietly. Such as telling you who my real father is. 
“Bravery doesn’t mean you’re not scared.” He pulled her close again. “There are some things I’m scared of, too.” 
Then he kissed her again, softly and lightly. Aerie smiled, recalling their first kiss. She had to smother a chuckle at the memory.  
“What’s so funny?” he asked.
“It’s nothing. It’s just, well, my first kiss was supposed to be at the military ball.” She wrapped her arms around him, laying her head on his chest. “I thought it had to be with at the right time and place to be magical and memorable. I never thought that it only needed the right person.”
“Aerie.” 
Her name was barely above a whisper as he bent down to kiss her again, but Aerie could hear the longing in his voice. 
His lips were an inch away from hers when the alarm started going off.  

♦22♦

It took Exton several more seconds than he would have liked to admit for him to make sense of the sudden flashing lights and blaring alarm. 
Aerie recoiled at the noise, grimacing as she covered her ears. “What is that?!” she yelled. 
He tucked his hands over his own ears. “Come this way.” He motioned as he turned and started toward the elevator. 
This better be important. 
Not just anything was allowed to interrupt his time with Aerie. Especially when she’d just admitted she wanted to be with him. 
He hit the button with more force than needed, but he felt it was justified. 
“What is happening?” Aerie asked. 
“Hang on.” 
The elevator came a moment later. Once the doors shut, the noise was instantly dimmed. 
“Whew,” Aerie said. “That was loud.” 
“Things are always louder in the hangar,” Exton said. “Something about the echoes.” He ran his fingers through his hair. 
“Is everything okay?” 
“I don’t know. It’s late. We don’t have drills this late.” He shook his head. “We only have a few moments of warning if the URS is going to attack.”
“But why would they attack now?” Aerie asked. “I know we’re getting closer to Earth, but at this location we’re in more of their blind spot, since we’re coming in closer to the southern pole.” 
“That’s exactly what has me worried,” Exton said as they stepped up to Level One on the Command Bridge. 
“Sir,” Jared called. “It’s a Redbird, Foxtrot-Tango-Kilo, approaching from over the Old Fed airspace.” 
It was funny how, even after years of stagnancy, it was second nature to jump in on a battle call. Even one with the worst timing possible. 
He glanced over at Aerie, allowing himself one last moment to enjoy her closeness. He would have to call Tyler to get Emery to come and take her down level. 
“Call our Vet Quarters, see about getting Rhodey or Felix down in the XCR,” Exton ordered. “Tell them it’s a Code AAB, no drill, and we need a four-oh response. That should get them moving quickly enough.” 
“Yes, Captain.” Jared saluted and hurried away. 
“See if you can get Miguel, too,” he called. “We might need more than two at the controls down there.” 
“On it!” Jared replied. 
Aerie reached over and put her hand on his arm. “What is it?” 
There was something in him that was wired for weakness at the sight of her eyes. “We’re under attack, by all indicators.” 
“By the URS? Osgood’s attacking us?” 
“I’m going to find out,” he promised. “Just hang out here for a moment. I’ve got to take care of a few things.” 
“Okay.” Aerie nodded as she moved off to the side of the Bridge. “Please be careful, Exton.” 
He heard the worry in her voice but was at a loss as far as comforting her. He hurried over to the ship console and motioned several of his crewmembers to move over to his side. 
“Thora,” he called, turning to the woman with the raven-colored locks.  She’d been a dependable situation analyst for years.  “Give me the details. Atmospheric conditions?” 
“Pressure rising with the Redbird.” 
“Good,” he said. “Maybe that’ll give us an advantage. Greer? What information do you have on the PO?” 
“It’s greetings from home,” she said, confusing him for a moment before he recalled Greer was from an outpost of the URS, near the old Canadian-United States border. “Point of origin is estimated near forty-four degrees north, sixty-three degrees west.” 
“Nova Scotia.” He rubbed his temples. “I should have guessed.” He recalled the reports of the extra activity around the area. It looks like they’re finally ready to strike, he thought. Bring it on, Osgood.
Retaliation would be swift, Exton decided. Especially if anyone got hurt. He glanced over at Aerie again. She gave him a resolute look, proud and humble all at once, as she watched him command the flurry of activity.
Her approval and admiration settled some of his nerves, even as it stirred a new fear inside of him. 
I need to get her out of here. She’s not safe here.  
“Sir?” Greer came up behind him with a readout in her hand. “What is it?” 
He reluctantly turned his attention away from Aerie. “Nothing. Get me a transmission line down to the URS Military Headquarters. No, wait …” Exton paused as an unsettling began to churn in his stomach. “Never mind. Just have a transmission line cleared and secure waiting for me. I’ll log in the location as needed.” 
Something about this is off again, he thought. He’d had this feeling when he’d accidentally picked up Aerie along with the Memory Tree. 
“Right away, Captain.” 
Why only one? Why only one missile? And why an FTK-Redbird? 
It was a smaller missile, Exton knew. One that might have escaped the URS’s own missile systems on Earth, even if it was no match for the sensitivity of the Perdition’s monitoring systems.
“Thora,” he called. “Can you confirm there is only one Redbird approaching from Earth?” 
“Give me one moment, Captain,” Thora replied. “Let me check through the other systems of the URS and see if the Tech Filters caught anything from the satellite feeds.” 
“Thanks. Let me know.” He turned to another cadet. “Name?” he asked. 
“Ali,” the cadet responded with a salute. “I’m working on giving you an ETA on the Redbird, Captain.”
 “Good. Give it to me ASAP. And page the Commander. We’re going to need him.” 
“Yes, Captain,” Ali said with a grin.
“Thanks.” He’s new to the Perdition, Exton recalled. This must be his first battle onboard. 
Looking at how young he seemed, Exton was suddenly willing to bet it was his first official battle, period. 
“Shields are at max power,” Greer called. “Ready for impact if needed.” 
“Engines are on standby,” Thora called. “Redbird staying course.” 
We need to get out of here. 
Where is Tyler? Exton wondered as he headed toward the helm. It took him a moment to remember he’d just seen him down at the harvest, dancing with Emery.
It seems impossible, Exton thought, that this would happen on the day of the harvest celebration. 
Tyler arrived less than a moment later, with Emery in tow. Exton felt a rush of relief to see his friend and sister. “We’re here.” 
“Good. I have need of your services,” he said. “Emery, take Aerie down level, somewhere safe and away from the ship’s gravity center—away from all major turbine clusters.” 
Emery nodded. She turned to Aerie. “Let’s go, Aerie. It’ll be alright.”
Exton couldn’t stop the small smile from escaping. Emery sounded just like Mom there, he thought. “Take care,” he called. “I’ll see you in a bit.” 
Aerie made no attempt at objection, surprising him just in the slightest. She nodded somberly, the light in her eyes seeming to dim as she departed. Emery tugged her along behind her, and then when the door shut, she disappeared. 
I have to protect her.
Adrenaline rushed and his focus sharpened. Exton cleared his throat. “Thora? How are the reports?” 
“Got them. The Redbird’s a loner, but it’s being followed by several Heatseekers, coming up from New Hope itself.” 
“Heatseekers?” Exton ignored the dread he felt at the edge of his mind. “Which model? Can you tell?” 
“Sierra-Bravo-Deltas.” 
“The SBD Heat Bombers? The ones with the disguised radar signals?” Exton frowned. “What was the point of sending up a screaming Redbird if they were going to … ” His voice trailed off as a new idea formed in his mind. 
The Redbird was a small missile. Through the large shields of the URS, it would go largely undetected until it reached past the atmosphere, when the beta-thrusters would kick in. No one would send it, except as a warning shot.
Was someone warning them an attack was on the way? 
Is it possible? Exton wondered. 
“Who do we have on the ground in Nova Scotia?” he called. “Any allies? Friends? Defectors?”
“I’ll check the roster, sir,” Thora replied. 
“Good. See what you can find out.” He paused. “See if you can get Dennis up here.”  
It was too much to hope for, Exton chided himself. But if the Perdition had an ally on the ground in the URS, Reverend Thorne would be the one to know. 
The Ecclesia has their moments, Exton thought with a grim look. 
“I’ll relay the question to the Rev,” Thora informed him as she saluted him and went back to work. 
“Exton,” Tyler called. “The Heatseekers are locked on us.” 
“Evasive maneuvers,” Exton ordered. “See if you can shake them.” 
“Cap,” a new voice called from behind him. 
Exton glanced over to see his Veteran Control Officer walk through the door. The older man, with fuzzy, graying hair and a perpetually stern countenance, saluted him as he made strides across the Command Bridge. 
“Rhodey,” he greeted. “We have a situation.” 
“Masters and our crew are down at the ready,” the officer replied gruffly. “We’re on standby, running through the final check.” 
“How long till you’re ready for retaliation?” 
“Ready to what?” Tyler came up beside them. “Exton, you’re not going to bomb the URS now, are you?” 
“Tyler,” Exton snapped, “this is not the time or the place to challenge me. We have Heatseekers locked onto us. I’m going to deploy a decoy of my own.”
“We’ve been attacked,” Jared spoke up. “Retaliation is a perfectly expected response.”
“We don’t do the expected,” Exton argued. “Officer Rhodey, when your men are ready, signal the Bridge. Tack on a tracker, and once it’s loose we’re going to go full throttle.”
“Captain,” Ali interrupted. “ETA is ninety-three seconds. Estimated POI is going to be mid-ship.” 
“Commander,” Exton called. “Send out the alert to the crewmembers on duty to prepare for lockdown.”
“Already done,” Tyler called back. 
“Thora? Where are the Heatseekers?” 
“Approaching on the port side. There’s eight of them.” 
The Heatseekers are going to be trickier, Exton thought. With the heat-seeking technology packed in with its shielded core, they were a persistent piece of weaponry. It would be harder to throw them off. Especially in space, where they were the only clear target for miles.
He briefly recalled Heatseekers had been forbidden by the Geneva Accords before the United Nations fell. The law wouldn’t apply, Exton knew, because it was being used in space. 
Rhodey spoke up. “We have a go on retaliation. The lamb is ready,” he called. 
“That’s one of the smaller nuclear bombs?” Exton asked. 
“Yep.”
He hated that he felt he had no choice. “Dispatch the lamb. Lock on to it, and once we’re two minutes out, shoot it down.”
“Yes, Captain.” Rhodey nodded, already heading off the Command Bridge. 
Exton turned to Tyler. “Commander, cloak the ship and then blast us out of here. Head toward the oh-six-four-two mark. Get us out of here.” 
“Got it.” Tyler push the ship full throttle, keying in the coordinates. 
“Prepare for impact in sixty,” Exton called. “Send out notices over the intercom. Be on standby to for the Redbird.”  
Tyler came up beside him. “You’re going to let a nuke explode?” he asked. 
“Yes. It’ll create enough heat that the seekers should get pulled in.” 
“You’re sure it will work?” 
Exton glanced at the control board listlessly. “If it doesn’t, we’ll have to see about sending out a team separately to destroy them individually.” 
“Jared would love the combat run.” Tyler tried to muster up a smile. 
Exton only nodded; for the first time in a long time, he prayed everything would work out. 
“The lamb’s been hit. It’s away!” Thora called. “Prepare for backlash.” 
A rush of power propelled past the Perdition, brushing up and pushing against it. Exton could hear the ship groaning in the aftermath’s flames. 
The monitors flared and the lights momentarily dimmed, before turning on once more. 
“Power regulating,” Ali called. 
Tyler groaned. “We’ve been knocked off course,” he called, hurrying over to correct the flightpath. 
“Give it another ten seconds,” Ali told him. “The nuclear core’s explosion will return after the radioactive stats return to normal levels.”
Greer spoke up. “Captain,” she called, her voice laced with hidden worry. “We have a confirmed hit from the Redbird.” 
“Where did it hit?” Exton asked. 
“Close to the Biovid,” Greer told him, pointing to the screen. “Indicators show it did not explode, but it still breached the panels.” 
Exton felt a rush of anger and despair. “Send someone down there to check on it, immediately. We can’t risk the Biovid.” 
 “Right away.”   
“Back on course,” Tyler exclaimed happily. “We’re back on target for the rendezvous point.” 
“Good work.” Exton relaxed some at the news. Even if the Biovid is hit, he thought, we’ll be able to drift easily and out of sight while we get it fixed. “I guess Aunt Patty’s going to get to see you again sooner than you’d thought, Tyler.”
Tyler grinned. “She’s a nice lady, despite your attempts to convince me that she has it out for me.” 
“You keep thinking that,” Exton said with a small grin. “I’m not giving up.”
The crew relaxed, even as the readouts kept pouring in. Everything seemed to return to normal too quickly, Exton noticed. But then, after six years of normal, it was the default anymore. 
“Why do you think they attacked now?” Tyler asked. “It’s a strange time to attack.” 
“They’ve had plenty of time to work with my father’s designs,” Exton muttered thoughtfully. 
“Captain,” Thora called. “Reverend Thorne is unable to come up to the bridge right now. He is preoccupied with helping with the children.” She smiled. “My own included.” 
“I can imagine they were pretty frightened,” Exton said. 
“He did tell me that we don’t have any known active connections in that region,” she informed him. “But he did say that it could be a new follower or a hidden agent.” 
“Thanks,” he replied. “Order up a more thorough investigation. I want to be aware of any new developments.” He turned to Tyler. “What’s our ETA for the rendezvous point?” 
“Twenty-three hours and change.” 
He nodded. “You have command of the bridge,” he said. “I’ve got some gloating to do. Place a shuffler on my outgoing message, would you?” 
“Same as always,” Tyler promised. “Tell Osgood we all said hi.” 
Exton nodded grimly. “I’m sure he’ll be just delighted to hear from us, especially after he just tried to kill us.” 

 

♦23♦

Emery had just entered into the Ecclesia’s sanctuary—their safe space destination—when Aerie felt the blast of the nuclear bomb explode all around her. She was thrown forward onto the floor.
Heat’s fiery shadow seemed to pour through the haul as the power flickered and the lights died out, causing many people, including children and babies, to cry out. 
“What’s going on?” Aerie pushed herself up some, but couldn’t see anyone else. 
“Aerie,” Emery called. “Where are you?”
“Right here.” Aerie reached out and felt Emery’s arm. “I’m right beside you. I’ve got you.” 
“That’s not me.” 
“Oh.” 
A laugh, deep and almost gruff in tone, resounded from the body attached to the arm. 
Aerie gasped and dropped it. “Sorry, sir,” she said. 
“It’s no problem. Is that Miss Rearden, by any chance?” the man asked. 
“Er, yeah,” Aerie answered. “It’s me.” 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Brother Don, one of the elders of the Ecclesia.” 
“Oh.” Aerie nodded, chastising herself a moment later when she realized no one could see her. “Nice to meet you too,” she replied. 
The lights turned on, and Aerie found herself on the floor next to an older man with gray-flecked hair. He was wearing loose clothes, a trait Aerie had come to associate with the Ecclesia. 
“Are you okay?” she asked, standing up and hurrying over to help him up. “I didn’t hurt you, did I?”
“No, you didn’t.” He grabbed onto her hand as she pulled him up to his feet. “Thank you.” 
“Brother, what just happened?” Aerie asked. 
“A nuke went off, that’s all.” 
Aerie’s gaze darkened. “I thought Exton said there were no nukes onboard,” she said. 
“They’re attached to the outside of the ship, in special compartments, technically,” he told her. “But that was definitely an explosion.”
Aerie frowned as she recalled Exton’s words: Would it make you feel better if I told you there were no nukes onboard? 
Saved by a technicality! Aerie thought angrily, remembering his other claim, that he’d defeated her in battle. I’ll have to remember this for our rematch. 
Emery stepped forward. “Aerie. You know the URS wanted the Perdition to be equipped with weapons, and that includes bombs and nuclear warheads.” 
She sighed. “I suppose it’s pointless to argue about it right now,” she said, “considering it just helped save us.” 
There was a small beep! coming from Emery’s pocket. She pulled out her intercom. “Yes?” 
Aerie turned back to Don, while Emery tried to go somewhere where she could hear. “You’re a member of the Ecclesia. I’ve heard them say they value life. Don’t you think it’s a little hypocritical to have bombs onboard this ship?”
“We value all life,” he told her, “and that includes our own. We are allowed to protect ourselves from attack and protect those we love.” 
“Even if it means killing other people?” 
“We live in a fallen world,” Don said. “We protect others we love, often risking our own lives in the process.”  
“So, yes, then.”
“Sometimes,” he corrected gently. “But that is not a flat response across the board, nor ongoing approval to do so when I say it. It is a call to careful consideration, including understanding the responsibility we have for our choices, difficult as they may be.”
“I see,” Aerie said. 
“All responsibilities have limitations in this world. All labels have their limits, and all causes have an end.” 
Aerie contemplated his response for a moment. “That would mean other decisions, too. Like hiding the truth from people. Or joining a revolution.”
“Yes,” he said. “Legality can change and laws are subject to the constraints of human activity. Morality is, by very definition, universal.” 
“Aerie.” 
Aerie turned to see Emery had rejoined her. “Come on with me,” Emery said, pulling Aerie’s arm. “I have an assignment for us.” 
Aerie turned back to Don. “Thank you for your time. I’ll remember what you said.” She reached out and shook his hand. 
“You’re welcome.” He gestured to the crowd behind him. “I’ve got to help the others now myself. Go with God, Miss Rearden.” 
“Aerie,” she called back, correcting him as she followed in step behind Emery. “Please, just call me Aerie.”

♦♦♦♦

“What is this place?” Aerie asked, stepping into the Biovid. 
“Some of the Ecclesia call it ‘Eden,’” Emery replied with a smile, barely visible with her oxygen mask on. “But the technical name for it now is the Biovid.” 
“Eden?”
“It’s from the Bible, an old collection of books known as the Word of God.” Emery glanced around. “God created the world and Eden was the special place, the paradise garden in which he placed man and woman.” 
 “It sounds familiar,” Aerie said. “I’ve heard of it before.” She thought back to her childhood, when her mother would plant new seeds in her own small garden. She had called her garden Eden, too! 
“There are many theologians and philosophers who say that deep in the heart of mankind, we are all still searching for Eden,” Emery told her, interrupting Aerie’s reminiscence. “I have no qualms in agreeing with them.” 
Emery gestured toward the far end. “There’s something coming up from the starboard midsection,” she said. “Let’s head in that direction.” 
“Right.” Aerie adjusted her own mask, frowning as she tugged back some stray strands of hair stuck to the visor. “What are we doing in here again?” 
“We’re looking for a missile that might have breached the ship.” 
“Isn’t that dangerous?” Aerie asked. 
“That’s why we have the oxygen masks, and I have the emergency kit with me,” Emery said, indicating a small pack she wore on her back. “And that’s also why I didn’t ask for Exton’s permission for you to come in here.” 
“He wouldn’t like it?” Aerie asked. “But he knows I love plants and gardening.” 
“He told me not to let you come in here for a bit yet. Something to do with your tree, if I understood him correctly.” 
“Oh.” 
Emery stopped and turned back to Aerie. “Stay close to me. Believe me, I’m sure Exton would be furious with me for allowing you in here. But the Biovid was especially designed for my mother, and since she is no longer here—”
“It’s rightfully yours?” Aerie finished with a grin. “Just like the ship is Exton’s?” 
“That’s right.” 
The loving pride on Emery’s face said it all. She was this place’s rightful mother, Aerie thought. 
“I’m surprised you don’t have a permanent job working in here,” Aerie said. “If it was me, I don’t think I would ever leave this place. This is the most wonderful place in the whole ship.”
“I love this place,” Emery admitted. “But most of the care it is given is automated. I can’t say the same for my brother or Tyler. Being the Coordinating Director allowed me to have more oversight where they’re concerned.” 
Aerie nodded in agreement. “And it gives you permission to do what you want in here, I imagine.” 
“Of course. I assign myself a lot of inspections here, even though it technically wouldn’t be needed otherwise.” Emery’s eye gleamed. “That’s part of the reason why, if it’s been breached, we’re going to have a serious issue.” 
“What happened?” 
“According to the notes I got from one of the analysts, the sensor went off signaling a breach. It was a smaller missile, so we should have enough time to prevent any major damage.” 
“What kind of missile was it?” Aerie asked. 
“An FTK-Redbird.” 
“A Redbird?” Aerie repeated. She faltered behind Emery. 
“What is it?”
She hesitated for a moment. Should I even say it? Aerie wondered. They might want to know more, and I … I can’t deal with the possibility of Exton rejecting me. 
Aerie sighed. Realizing Emery was looking at her with concern, she gave in. “That was my father’s nickname for my mother,” Aerie said. “That’s all.” 
“Is the Rearden family active in the military?” Emery asked. “I saw some reports when we looked up your unit, but I don’t recall any military record.” 
Brock’s father was … a dentist? Doctor? I can’t remember. 
Aerie shrugged. “It probably doesn’t matter. I just … you know, miss her. I miss her more being here than I ever have when I was in New Hope.” 
“From the sound of it, she would have liked this place,” Emery said. “You said she liked plants and animals.” 
“She did,” Aerie said. “Maybe that’s why.” 
Emery came up beside her and put her hand on her shoulder. “Here’s what I think. I think you miss her more now because you’re all alone here, but you’ve always had her in your heart. And here, you’re allowed to become more like her without getting ridiculed or stigmatized for it.” 
Aerie felt her nose prickle with unshed tears. “I won’t argue with that,” she finally replied a moment later. 
“Exton said that you wanted to go into the military. Is that true?” 
“I did,” Aerie told her. “Now I know I would have made a bad soldier. Maybe if I was in the Air Force. My brothers are pilots.” 
“It does seem like it would be easier to kill someone if you don’t actually have to aim and shoot,” Emery said. “And you do seem to know your tech.” 
“I do,” Aerie said. “But Exton was right about me. I’m not cut out for military service.” She grinned. “Don’t worry though; I haven’t admitted that to him.”
“I love my brother,” Emery said. “But he has his flaws.” She studied Aerie for a moment. “You don’t seem to mind them so much.” 
“It makes it easier that I enjoy his company,” Aerie admitted as they continued forward. 
“You care for him.” Her words were succinct, but the tone carried a great deal of understanding and acceptance. 
“Yes, I do.” Aerie blushed, thinking of the time she spent with Exton in the hangar earlier. “I really do. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before.” 
Emery raised her eyebrows. “Never?” 
“Well, there was a boy I had a crush on,” she admitted, thinking of Brock, “but what I felt for him was nothing compared to how I feel now.”
Since she had been gone, she was better able to see that Brock had been too bound by duty and expectations of others, including her father’s. She would never be able to tell if he liked her because of her, or because of her father. Aerie shuddered at the thought.  
“You know,” Emery said slowly, “when Exton first told me about you, I was hesitant. I was still hopeful, but I was more hesitant. It hasn’t been long since you met him, but I do believe love happens in a timeline all its own.” She smiled over at Aerie. “I’m glad I can stop worrying so much.” 
Instant guilt and shame sent turmoil running through Aerie.  
“Of course, I still have to worry some,” Emery continued, oblivious to Aerie’s discomfort. “Once Papa was killed, Exton changed drastically. It was almost like he woke up the next morning and he was a new person.” 
“I know he was deeply affected by his loss,” Aerie agreed. 
“Traumatized doesn’t begin to cover it,” Emery said, shaking her head. “He saw it happen. He went home unexpectedly and found Papa arguing with St. Cloud over the Paradise—”
“St. Cloud?” Aerie asked. “General St. Cloud?” My father was there?
“Yes.” Emery frowned. “He was the one who killed Papa when he refused to give him the Paradise.”
Aerie stopped and stumbled. She let herself fumble with her mask as she tried to absorb the new information. 
My father killed Exton and Emery’s father? What?!
“I wasn’t there, but Exton saw the whole thing,” Emery said. “He only told me about it once, but I’ll never forget the look on his face when he talked about it.” 
Aerie crumbled inside her mask, pressing her hands into her head as it began to ache along with her heart. She felt almost like she had trouble breathing. 
It is possible, Aerie admitted to herself. Her father wasn’t Osgood’s Lieutenant Commander-in-Chief for nothing, after all. 
Ten years ago, he would have been a rising General in position for a Command, she thought. Aerie could easily see him taking on an execution for a promotion. 
This is awful, Aerie thought. She’d never imagined her father actually killing someone until that moment. Maybe because it was such a personal, calculated action, to take the life of a person looking you in the eye and measuring you up. She shuddered again, thinking of what Don had told her earlier. 
Was Exton and Emery’s father worth killing? 
She hesitated. The General did take his work seriously. He would have done it under orders. 
Was it possible there was a mistake?  
“Are you okay?” Emery asked. 
“Yes. Just tripped,” Aerie murmured distractedly. “Trying to fix the mask.” 
“Oh, okay. Let me know if you need help,” Emery said. 
“It’s fine.” Aerie stood up. “So that’s why you guys hate St. Cloud more than Osgood?” 
“It is on a more personal level when it comes to St. Cloud,” Emery admitted. “It’s easy to think the URS is just an evil nation or an enemy that needs to be destroyed and wiped out. But the truth is, a lot of them are just misguided and brainwashed people, with cares and concerns of their own. I actually have a lot of compassion for them, sometimes. I was so close to being among them.” 
Emery’s compassion for her enemy was what finally made Aerie shake her head. “Why are you telling me all this?”
“It’s the truth.” 
“I suppose.” Aerie sighed. “I don’t always see why it matters.” 
“You don’t believe me about my father and Exton stealing the ship, do you?”
“I’ve seen the MENACE ships,” Aerie told her. “And, while it is still a lot to take in, I have to wonder if there was a misunderstanding or something.” 
“My father is still dead,” she told her flatly. “That is a truth that you cannot deny.”
Aerie flinched. “But what if his killer didn’t mean to do it?” 
“Exton saw the exchange, Aerie. He was only fourteen, but he knew what was happening. Our mother explained to us what happened. We didn’t know that the URS had ordered a starship, and that our father was the lead engineer. You remember what life is like at that age.” 
“There’s a lot of career orientation and basic training to complete.” Aerie nodded. 
There was an inescapable sadness in Emery’s voice as she added, “I feel sorry for my peers, Aerie. But I do not waste my compassion on St. Cloud and his ilk.” 
“What if he was pressured to do it? Or if he was ordered to do it? There are problems with society still, even though the state has worked to end its problems. And you hate the URS, but you don’t hate the individual people in it. If the individual does not take responsibility for himself, why would the rest of society?” Aerie paused. “You don’t hate me, do you?”
“Of course not.” Emery sighed. “But it is different.” 
“How so?”
She thought about it a moment. “Let me show you,” she said. 
Emery turned and came over to her. She put her pack on the ground and unzipped it. Aerie peeked over, trying to see what she had. But she knew she never expected to be handed a small gun. 
“Here,” Emery said. “Shoot me.” 
She took a step back, as though the shock of Emery’s statement had physically hit her. “What?” Aerie looked at her incredulously. 
“Shoot me.” Emery watched her. “You’re from the URS. You’re a guest here, not a refugee, and you haven’t committed yourself to the Ecclesia. You’re still an active comrade from the URS.” 
“So?” Aerie shook her head. “That doesn’t have to do with anything.” 
“Sure it does. If you shoot me, right now, you’ll be taking down one of Captain Chainsword’s highest-ranking associates.” Emery held steady. “You’d be commended, publicly, since it’s the first time someone from the URS has managed to get onboard—believe me, they’ve tried from time to time—and the first one to make a significant kill.
“If you shoot me now,” Emery said, “you’ll also be able to use my clearance card”—she waved it around in front of Aerie’s gaze—“to hack an escape pod and land down on Earth somewhere, though it would still take a while to get there. We’re more than a day out from Earth.” 
Emery crossed her arms over her chest. “You might even be able to shoot Exton while you’re at it. He’d never suspect you now.” 
Aerie continued to stare mindlessly at the gun in her hand. It had been awhile since she’d held a weapon. Long enough that it felt strange and unusual, like it didn’t belong in her life anymore. 
She fit the gun in her hand, thinking through what Emery was saying. 
Emery is right. I would be commended, publically. I would be honored—maybe even accepted by my unit! 
At her thoughts, Aerie shook her head. It was the first time in several days she had even thought about how much she had wanted the acceptance of her unit. 
It means nothing to me now, she realized. If they can’t accept me the way Exton and Emery have­—even provisionally—then they likely never wanted to in the first place. 
Maybe that was why my mother tried so hard to love me, Aerie thought. She knew no one else in the unit would. 
Her eyes watered as she handed Emery back the gun. “No.” 
Emery smirked. “I didn’t think you would do it,” she said. 
“I am not weak,” Aerie snapped, watching as Emery placed the gun back in her pack. 
“You’re not weak for valuing life,” Emery told her softly. She reached out and gave her a warm hug. “You couldn’t be weak, besides. Not if you’re going to marry my brother one day.” 
“Huh?” Aerie jumped and turned red. 
“Sorry.” Emery laughed. “I couldn’t resist,” she said. “He teased me and Tyler relentlessly when we were dating.” 
“Oh.” Aerie shrugged and tried to laugh. Then she thought about what Emery had told her. “I don’t think he’ll want to marry me,” Aerie muttered. 
“What?” Emery frowned. “That’s not like you, to think like that.” 
Enough is enough, Aerie thought. I have to tell them.
“The truth is,” Aerie said, “I’ve been lying.”
It was Emery’s turn to stare at her, mindlessly horrified. “What?” 
“I’ve been lying,” Aerie choked, “about who I am.” She shook her head. “My last name isn’t Rearden. It’s St. Cloud.” She glanced up at Emery tentatively. “I’m General St. Cloud’s youngest charge.”
For the longest, quietest moment of Aerie’s life, Emery just stared at her. 
She couldn’t stand it. She had to explain.
“I’m so sorry I had to lie,” Aerie told her. “When I woke up onboard the ship, I didn’t know about the Ecclesia or this place, or you or Exton. I thought you would torture me or kill me. I didn’t want to add incentive by telling you I was St. Cloud’s daughter.” 
Emery slumped onto her knees. “I need a moment,” she said. 
Aerie didn’t hear her. “I didn’t know I would love you and Exton more than my own unit. You’re like my older sister, only my older sister is terrible—”
“You’re really St. Cloud’s daughter?” Emery shook her head. “I should have known!” She stood up. “I should have known. I knew from the start there was something off about you and your records and your stories.” She threw up her hands. “And you lied to me, directly, about having ties to the St. Cloud family.” 
“I misled you,” Aerie corrected automatically, before she realized that made it sound worse. 
If that is even possible. 
“I can’t believe this,” Emery hissed. “You lied to me, and you lied to my brother!” 
“Everything else was real,” Aerie insisted. “I just lied about my name.” 
“You let us think you were unimportant to the URS,” Emery snapped. “Don’t you think that maybe, just maybe, one of the reasons we were attacked today was because you’re here?!” 
Aerie stilled. “No, I hadn’t thought of that.” 
“I have to tell Exton,” Emery said. “He’s going to be devastated.” 
“I’m sorry,” Aerie cried. “I’m so sorry. If I could change it, I would. I don’t even like being his daughter! He doesn’t even call me that, you know. He hasn’t really spent any time with me or my family since my mother died.” 
“Well, I’m so sorry for you!” Emery yelled angrily. “It must be just absolutely terrible to be you right now.” 
Aerie stepped back, holding up her hands in bitter defeat. “I’m sorry,” she reiterated. 
“We trusted you, Aerie!” Emery shook her head. “Even if not completely, we liked you.” 
“I’m sorry. I know I’ve messed this up.” She shook her head. “I gotta go.” She turned around and fled, moving deeper into the heart of the Biovid. 
“Hey, come back! You’re not allowed in here,” Emery called after her. 
But the more Emery called, the faster Aerie ran. She barely paid attention to where she was going, until her eyes were so watery she gave up entirely.
She ran for several moments before she tripped over a discarded tree limb, hiding in a patch of tall grass.  
“Oof!” Aerie grumbled as her hands smeared across the ground. “What in the—?” She broke off in a gasp as she examined the tree branch she’d fallen over. 
And then she slowly looked up.
The Memory Tree, still weathered looking, with its top branches severely trimmed back, waved at her. 
“My tree,” she gasped. “It’s here.” She hurried to get up, wiping her muddy hands over her eyes. Aerie went over to the tree and pressed against it, running her hands all over it. 
The familiar patterns of lichens were damaged, but the main branches were still sturdy. Perhaps even stronger than they were before. 
Aerie felt a wave of awe and reignited joy. “It really is you, isn’t it?” she asked. A small smile blossomed up onto her face. “I almost want to see if Moona’s up there, nestled inside one of your nooks.” 
“I take it Exton didn’t tell you about saving your tree, did he?” 
“Emery.” Aerie whirled around, terrified and scared. In her amazement, she’d failed to hear Emery’s approaching steps. She stammered for a moment, before Emery took off her oxygen mask and shook her head. 
“I’m not going to hurt you,” Emery told her. “I’m angry at you, but I won’t hurt you.” 
“I’m sorry,” Aerie whispered, looking down at the ground. She pressed against the tree. 
“Answer my question. Exton didn’t tell you that he was going to save your tree, did he?” 
“No.” Aerie shook her head. “In fact”—she snorted—“he asked me to forgive him for destroying it before the attack.” 
Emery sighed. “That is just like him to do that. He doesn’t allow people to suffer illusions very often, least of all himself. He wanted to see if you would forgive him without knowing the tree was still alive.”
“That’s why he saved it?” Aerie asked. “Because of me?” 
“I’m not entirely sure. Exton has been growing a large variety of plants in here. Some for their food, others for their rarity. I can see why he would save it for that reason alone.” 
Aerie thought about how much he had tried to save, to protect. He followed in his father’s footsteps to please a ghost who could never be satisfied. He wants something greater than revenge.
 She turned back to Emery. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I really have ruined him, haven’t I?” 
Emery sighed. “We’ll have to see. That’s his call. Not ours.” 
“Emery—”
“Until then, Aerie, we need to leave. The haul wasn’t breached in here,” Emery said. “But the Suncatcher has been damaged. Part of it is outside. I’ll need to file a report and have Exton fix it.” 
Aerie hesitated. “Will he be able to fix it?” she asked. 
“He should be able to.” Emery sighed. “He’s good at fixing things.” She shook her head. “Hopefully, he’ll be able to fix this situation between the two of you, too, without breaking anything else.” 
“You’re going to make me go talk to him, aren’t you?” Aerie asked. 
“I can’t make you,” Emery told her bitterly. “But either you’re going to tell him, or I’m going to tell him, and if I have to tell him, it’s going to be after I’ve stuffed you in an escape pod and sent you back to the URS where you belong.” 

♦24♦

Exton adjusted the pirate hat on his head as he stood in the Captain’s private Comms Sec. 
Something is wrong again, he thought, once more tugging the wig and beard into place. 
The coat was too warm. When had he ever had that issue? And why did he feel no rush of pleasure as he thought about rubbing in the news he’d survived another attempt on his life? 
For the first time in a long time, he actually hated dressing the part of the ghost of his father.
Exton felt the smooth edge of his jacket, before running his hand over where Aerie had bruised his ribs. 
 “This is Aerie’s fault.” As soon as he said it, he knew it was true.  
The last time he had worn the coat was when he met her. And he couldn’t explain it. He couldn’t explain how she’d changed his life. Or why. 
The screen buzzed to life as it picked up a signal. Exton pushed the matter to the back of his mind. He had a dictator to reprimand. 
Glancing down at the console, Exton was impressed by the readings. “A fully secured line?” he muttered. “That’s unusual for the leader of the ‘fair’ world.” 
“I’m sure that you’ll understand why I don’t want to share this conversation with the rest of the world,” the voice said on the other end. “Including Dictator Osgood.” 
Exton nearly jumped at General St. Cloud’s voice. He caught himself just in time, only frowning at the sudden appearance of his nemesis on the screen. Though the connection sparkled with static at points, Exton did not need a clear reception to see General St. Cloud’s eyes narrow in determination. 
 “General,” Exton said, just barely inclining his head in greeting. 
“You can take off the pirate costume, Exton.” The General shook his head. “I’ll give you the necessary points for creativity, but this is not official URS business that I have with you.” 
Exton stilled. In all the times that General St. Cloud had communicated with the Perdition, he’d never indicated that he knew who Exton really was. He had always addressed him as “Captain Chainsword.”
“I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised that you figured out my disguise.” He reached up and took off the hat and wig, revealing his face fully to his enemy. “Is that better, Master?” 
“You always had a stubborn streak of defiance, even in class,” the general retorted. “I had a feeling you would insist on being difficult tonight.” 
“That was part of the reason you wanted to mentor me, if I remember correctly,” Exton sneered. “Admit it. Military Tactics and History would have been a lot more boring if I hadn’t been there.” 
“Believe it or not, I didn’t come to remember better times. Or to expose myself to your childishness.”
“You said it’s not official business from the URS,” Exton pointed out. “If it’s not, then I want to know why my crew had to defend itself against a batch of Heatseekers recently.”  
“It was a cover,” St. Cloud said. “We have things to discuss, you and I, and you were obstinate enough to leave your transmission line shut. I had to get your attention somehow.” 
“There’s nothing we have to discuss,” Exton insisted. “I was expecting Osgood, not you.” 
“You have always maintained, along with the rest of the Ecclesia, that family is important.” 
“You don’t know anything about me anymore,” Exton snapped. “Just because you were my recruiter, doesn’t mean that you know everything about me.” 
“I know enough to make some good guesses,” St. Cloud replied, visibly struggling to control his tone. 
“That information meant nothing the moment you killed my father.” 
St. Cloud sighed. “We don’t have much time, Exton,” he said. “Silas was a good man, but—”
“Obviously that didn’t help my father at all in the end.” Exton frowned. “You won’t have to worry about that issue with me.” 
“Enough.” St. Cloud straightened. “I’m calling to see if you’ve kidnapped my daughter.” 
Exton laughed. “I’ve never kidnapped anyone, no matter what falsehoods Osgood mandated,” he said. “You know as well as I do that the Perdition is not designed to be a prison. Captives are more trouble than they’re worth.”
“I’ve looked all over for her as quietly as I could. I am not reaching you under Osgood’s orders. My conclusions have led me to believe she might be with you on the Perdition, or among one of your ally’s camps.”
“I wasn’t aware you even had a family,” Exton replied, recalling the dedication St. Cloud espoused when he’d trained under him. “What makes you think she’s here with us?”
 “My daughter has been missing since the day after you attacked New Hope,” St. Cloud said. “I found her uniform hat at the sight where the Memory Tree was planted.” 
“It is possible she left you on her own, isn’t it?”
“You don’t know my daughter the way I do. As much as she thinks she’s capable of surviving the real world, she’s much too soft-hearted.” 
A lightheaded sense of panic took over Exton. He gripped the console, trying to project strength when all he could do was hold on. “When we attacked, we only picked up a defector named Rearden—”
“That has to be Aerie,” St. Cloud said. “Her boyfriend’s last name was Rearden.” 
“Aerie?” Exton whispered. 
“You do have her then?” The look of tender relief on St. Cloud’s face alarmed Exton as never before. “That’s her. That’s her name, Aeris St. Clo—” 
Exton reached over and shut off his receiver, cutting St. Cloud off in mid-sentence. 
Then he punched the console hard enough to send sparks flying out of the screen. He squeezed his eyes shut against the pain in his fist. 
Aerie. 
Her face swam in his mind’s eye, and it was only then that he was able to see it: The same shape of the eyes, a shade lighter than St. Cloud’s. 
“She lied to me.” 
The words echoed around him as the anger and pain inside of him finally overwhelmed him. 
“Augh!” He tore off his pirate jacket and threw it into the corner of his private Comms Sec. And then Exton marched out the door, a dangerous and desperate expression on his face. 
He could feel the stunned expressions of his crew as he headed toward the Bridge. “Where is she?” he called. “Where is Aerie?”  
The crewmembers lowered their gazes or turned away, a thick layer of unease settling in around them. 
“I want her location, and I want it now.” 
Exton glanced over as Tyler came in the door. “You. Come with me.” 
“What’s wrong?” Tyler asked. “What did Osgood say?” 
“Come with me,” Exton repeated, dragging him to the Records Room. “Now.” 
Once they were inside, he turned to him. “Where are Aerie’s records?” 
“We didn’t find much,” Tyler said. “Remember? You were with me and Emery while we looked.”
“You didn’t look hard enough.” Exton grabbed him by his jacket and shook him. “You should have looked harder!” 
“Calm down, Exton,” Tyler snapped. “What’s wrong? Tell me what Osgood said.” 
“Osgood didn’t say anything,” Exton shouted. “I just got off the line with St. Cloud.” 
A look of understanding appeared in Tyler’s gaze. “Well, that explains why you’re so angry. I know you can’t stand the man.” 
“He’s her father.” 
The whole room went silent. Tyler said nothing, only looked confused. 
“St. Cloud is Aerie’s father,” Exton clarified. “She’s his charge. His daughter. He actually called her that, too!” 
“Why—” 
“He is the second in command of the URS. Our sworn enemy. My father’s killer. And he just broke their stupid code by calling her his ‘daughter.’” 
“Maybe he loves her?” 
“Exactly!” Exton dropped Tyler’s jacket and turned away. “He loves her. What kind of person would a monster like him love?”
“Are you worried about Aerie?” 
“Don’t say her name!” Exton grumbled. “She lied to me. She tricked all of us. Brilliantly, too. St. Cloud probably sent her here as a spy.” 
“I don’t know, Exton—”
“That was smart of him. I was expecting he would send someone to try and kill me, not someone—” He stopped himself before he admitted it aloud. Not someone who would love me.  
He sighed. “Where is she?” 
Tyler faltered. “She was with Emery last I spoke with her. But, Exton, it is possible she’s not a spy. You should hear her out.” 
Exton glared at him. “Why should I?” 
“Because,” his friend told him, “she loves you.” 
“She’s pretending to love me. St. Cloud told me himself she has a boyfriend down there.” 
Tyler’s mouth dropped open. “Are you sure?” he asked a moment later. “You know as well as I do that your judgment when it comes to St. Cloud is—”
“Is what?” Exton barked. 
“Is compromised at best.” Tyler snorted. “Fundamentally off, at worst.” 
“He killed my father.”
“I know. That’s why you stole the ship. That’s why we were going to destroy the URS.” Tyler shook his head. “And when you saw what the URS was planning, that’s why you decided to stay up here instead, barricading the ship between them and the rest of the world.” 
Exton slouched against the wall. “What am I going to do?” he asked. 
“Talk to her.” 
“I don’t know if I can,” Exton admitted, clenching his fists. I don’t know if I could talk to her without hurting her.
After a long moment, he finally turned to Tyler. “I need to think about it first. Cover for me.”
“Take your time,” Tyler said. “I’ll alert you if there’s any other activity. Thora cleared us before she went off-shift.” 
“Thanks.” 
Exton headed out the door, unsure of where to go or what to do. 
Only to find Aerie standing before him, a sad wariness in her eyes as she stood beside a diffident Emery.
As he watched, she opened her mouth and began to speak. “Exton—” 
“Captain, please,” he corrected, his tone bitter, tasting of bile as he talked. “Comrade St. Cloud.” 
Her face flushed over red, a reaction that might have made him smile not even ten minutes before. 
Emery stepped forward. “Exton … ” 
But he waved her off. “Not now, Emery,” he said. “Comrade St. Cloud and I are having a discussion.” 
“I’d hardly call snapping orders at me a discussion,” Aerie said. “I can explain.” 
“I’d hardly call lying the same thing an explanation,” Exton said, stepping forward and taking her by the arm. “But I’ll humor you, on the way down to the hangar.”
 “Exton, let me explain,” Aerie started as he jerked her out of the Command Bridge and led her down the hall. “I—”
“Captain,” he interrupted. “All subordinates should address the captain by his title.” 
“I was never your subordinate,” Aerie argued. “I was your guest.” 
“And you’ve clearly overstayed your welcome,” Exton shot back. “It’s time for you to go back home.” 
“What are you going to do with me?” Aerie asked, this time visibly afraid. 
“I’m going to order an escape pod for you,” he said as he pushed the elevator button for Level Ten. “And then send you back.” 
“I don’t want to leave!” The elevator doors shut as she grasped his hand on her arm. “Please, Exton, please don’t send me away. I wanted to tell you the truth but—”
 “But what?” His gaze burned through her. “Your father wouldn’t have approved? Or were you more concerned with your boyfriend?” 
“Boyfriend?” Aerie frowned. “I don’t have a—”
Exton shook her hand off of his. “Your father was pretty clear on the matter.” 
“He liked Brock! He approved of Brock,” Aerie nearly shouted. “It doesn’t mean that I was his girlfriend!”
She grabbed his jacket this time. “I swear to you, I just borrowed his name. He wasn’t—isn’t—my boyfriend.” 
He felt a twinge as the smallest crack in his defenses rattled through him. “And St. Cloud?” Exton asked. “Am I supposed to believe that he’s not your father, either?” 
Defeated, Aerie shook her head. “He is,” she confessed, her voice nearly a whisper. “But he doesn’t love me. He doesn’t care about me.”  
“He loves you enough that he nearly blew up this ship trying to get my attention,” Exton yelled back. “There are over a thousand people on this ship, and your father nearly killed them because of you!” 
“And he almost killed me, too, right along with them,” Aerie pointed out. “That should tell you all you need to know.” 
“That’s hardly all I needed to know,” Exton bit back.
The elevator stopped and he grabbed her arm again, pulling her toward the nearest collection of escape pods. 
“No!” Aerie fought back, gripping onto the elevator doors. “No, don’t make me go. Exton, please!”
He was done hearing her pleas. He picked her up, surprising her with the force of his power and strength. She scrambled and squirmed, trying to free herself. 
Exton groaned as she managed to kick him in the side. With the pain, his grip on her loosened enough that she was able to escape.  
“Oh, my.” She gasped. “Are you alright?” Aerie came back over and reached for him.
He swatted her away. “This is what you wanted, isn’t it?” Exton scowled down at her. “You wanted to be free. To go home. I’m granting you your wish.” 
“I know about the tree,” she shouted. “I know you didn’t kill the Memory Tree.” 
Her words made him stumble. “So what?” he asked.  
“Please, Exton,” she said. “I know you’re angry with me for lying about who I was, and I know that there is no escaping my heritage.” Aerie hung her head. “I didn’t want to tell you my real name any more than you wanted to tell me about the tree.” 
“I was going to tell you about the tree,” Exton argued. “Eventually. It was supposed to be a surprise.” 
“Well”—Aerie tried to smile—“I was going to tell you the truth, too.” Her small smile disappeared as he angrily stared down at her. “You could say it was like a surprise.” 
“This surprise is terrible,” he snapped.
“I know.” She ducked her head. “After Emery told me about how my father—”
“Don’t say it,” he yelled. “You don’t get to talk about it. You lied to me! You broke our deal.” 
“I lied about who I was before we made the deal,” Aerie countered. “I haven’t lied to you about anything else, I promise.”
“You let me believe it was the truth,” he said. “You let me—” Exton stopped, inwardly fighting himself and fighting her, and unable to move as the war inside him raged. When she glanced up at him, he could only glare down at her. 
She tentatively reached for him. “Exton,” she murmured, “I know you wanted me to love you at your worst. And I do. I love you.”
Her words hit him with more force than her kick, sending startling pain through his whole body. He clutched at his chest as Aerie’s eyes met his. 
“Can’t you do the same for me?” she asked.
Those eyes! The lighting in the hanger made the amber sparkle with golden dust, sparking like a light in a safe harbor; the tenderness inside beckoned to him.  
Before he could stop himself, he was reaching for her.  Exton grabbed her and kissed her, pressing into her with punishing kisses, hard and hot in a heady mix. 
Aerie gripped onto him, meeting his pain with her passion. He could feel her tremble against him, even as she pushed into him; he could taste of the scent of her as it enveloped him, wrapping around his mind until he ceased to think at all. 
He broke away from her, leaving her breathless. “Say it again,” he demanded. 
Her breath was uneven and her eyes were clouded with passion, but her resolve was unmistakable. “I love you.” 
Exton silently cursed himself and his weakness; he caught her close, in a rigid, impersonal grasp, and dragged her along with him to a small alcove where his room was located. He barely managed to open the door as she began to fight back. 
“What are you doing?” Aerie asked. “Where are we going? Come on, Exton, tell me!” 
He said nothing, silencing her questions with another kiss. She melted against him as he held her against tightly the wall. 
He tore his mouth away from her and pushed her. 
“Hey,” Aerie grumbled as she fell back onto the floor of the room. 
“Stay here,” Exton ordered, his voice dark and dangerous as he slammed the door shut. 
As Aerie banged on the door from the other side, he locked it securely and slumped against it. 
What have I done? Exton could only wonder how more complicated he’d made his life by keeping her on the Perdition. 
He closed his eyes and let his head fall into his hands, grimacing while Aerie called out for him. 
Exton thought bitterly of the night when Emery had come looking for him, wanting a dance for her wedding. He believed back then that revenge was a serious business, and there was no room in his life for a silly thing like love. 
He had been right.
Exhaustion, uncertainty, and emotional turmoil swept over him.



♦25♦

After several minutes of hitting and kicking the door, and then a few attempts at charging the door, Aerie finally gave up on getting out. 
She knew it was pointless, as surely as she knew the moment Exton left. The comfort of his presence vanished, along with the occasional, ragged breath. It took him several moments, but when he did go, the rhythm of his steps, the same as they had been the day she met him, echoed softly down the hall. 
Aerie sighed. “At least he didn’t put me on an emergency pod.” 
But, she admitted silently, she wasn’t sure where she was, let alone whether or not it was a better place to be. 
And she had no idea of how long she would be in there, either. 
It was dark in the room, with a few floor lights giving off a soft beam. She fumbled around, finally finding the switch and flicking it on. 
“Wow. This place is a mess,” Aerie said as she saw the room. 
Clothes, papers, and collections of things that looked like either tools or toys nearly covered the desk. There were some tool kits shoved under his table, and the kitchenette was full of empty and half-empty cups. 
She was startled to see stacks of old books scattered about on different surfaces—chairs, the counter, and the bookshelf; there were even a couple sticking out from under the bed. Curious, she picked one up: The Hobbit, by J. R. R. Tolkien. 
“This is the strangest book I’ve ever seen,” she murmured, flipping through some of the pages. There were no military ranks or strategies, no recognizable names, and nothing about the URS at all. 
She carefully placed it on the edge of the bed before she did another double-take. 
A bed. 
She was in someone’s room. 
Frowning, Aerie recalled what Exton had told her before. His room was on Level Ten, along with the escape pods and the hangar full of ships. 
His room. 
Aerie suddenly faltered as the realization struck, and she nearly tripped over a wrinkled jacket. Her steps became more careful as she headed for the kitchenette space. 
She picked up one of the cups; at the smell of old coffee coming from it, she almost laughed. “No wonder he complains about not sleeping well,” she muttered. “There have to be at least thirty cups here.” 
Aerie glanced around the room. “Well,” she said, “I can see why he told Olga to forget about cleaning it up.” 
Thinking of Olga sent a wave of pain through Aerie. She missed the older woman who’d taken her under her wing.  
Caring for others is primary; cleaning is secondary. 
A new determination set in as Aerie recalled her mentor’s words. She tightened the band around her hair, carefully took off her uniform jacket, and got to work. 

♦♦♦♦

The room was dark without the brightness of the Suncatcher, but it was nothing compared to the darkness inside his heart. 
The ridges of the tree trunk were rough against his back, but Exton had another type of pain on his mind as he sat beneath the tree. 
Slouching forward, he was unable to recall what exactly had possessed him to come to the Memory Tree. 
Madness, most likely, he thought as he silently groaned to himself. 
Where else could he go? The Captain’s Lounge was home to memories of his time spent with Aerie, memories that made the small room seem even smaller, and its view rendered dull and uninteresting.
Everything was much less interesting when he had Aerie to consider. Between his desire for revenge and his feelings for her, he wondered if he would be able to think of anything else while she was still with him on the Perdition. 
His fists clenched; he was upset at the sudden urge of temptation to use Aerie against the URS. 
“Why, God?” he nearly shouted. “Why give me someone I want but I would never be sure of?”
“That’s probably the exact reason,” a voice said from behind him. 
Exton groaned. “Not now, Dennis!” He jumped to his feel and swiveled around to see the Reverend looking down at him with pity and compassion. 
The old man had never made Exton more angry. “This is none of your business!” 
“I’m making it my business,” Reverend Thorne said. “I won’t sit by while you are in pain. Your father wanted me to look after you. And he would come back to haunt me if I didn’t say something now.” 
“If he does come, tell him to come and talk to me directly,” Exton snapped. “I don’t like the idea of you as an intercessor.” 
The Reverend gave him a kind smile. “Exton, you have been despondent since your father’s death. You tried revenge, but upon finding out that MENACE is a façade from the URS, you have used your anger to leverage our safety and the world’s survival. Not too many people know how close you and the URS were to being allies.”
“I don’t want to talk about this with you,” Exton grumbled. 
“No, you’d rather lick your wounded pride and hide behind your pain,” Reverend Thorne accused. 
“How would you feel if you couldn’t trust someone you loved?” Exton rounded on him. 
“Tell me what happened, and I’ll tell you what I think.” 
“She lied to me.” Exton grimaced as he gave in to the Reverend’s challenge, angry he’d been pushed into giving away the truth. But his grief lightened, ever so slightly, that he couldn’t make himself stop. “She wasn’t who she said she was.” 
“Aerie?” Reverend Thorne asked. “You found out she is St. Cloud’s daughter?” 
Exton reached out and grabbed his shoulders. “You knew she was St. Cloud’s daughter?” 
“Of course. I haven’t seen her in many years, but her mother was a member of the Ecclesia. When I heard her name, I had a feeling it was her. When I saw her with you outside the sanctuary one day, I knew for certain it was her; she is unmistakably Merra’s daughter.” 
“And you didn’t tell me?!” Exton roared. 
“We are called to protect, Exton.” He shrugged. “I think it was a good thing, to protect her from the poison of your vengeance as much as it was to protect you from her.” 
“You didn’t protect me.” 
“I tried to protect you from her,” the Reverend said. “Back in the beginning, when she first came here, remember?” 
“You should have told me the truth!” 
“And what would you have done if you knew who she was in the beginning?”
“I don’t know, but I sure wouldn’t have fallen in love with her,” Exton shot back. He felt his inside crumble again. He placed his face in his hands as he relived his first moments with Aerie. 
Watching her struggle to fight him for killing her tree. 
Sleeping peacefully in the med ward. 
Watching her eyes alternate between wonder and wariness. 
“There is a bigger picture here, Exton. You need to step back and see it. Yes, she is St. Cloud’s daughter,” the Reverend said, interrupting his thoughts. “But she is also Merra’s daughter. That makes her one of ours. If you had known who she was, what would you have done with her?” 
Exton thought about that moment—the moment he first saw her, tucked into the tree like a fairy sprite. 
“I would have returned her,” Exton finally responded.  Because I wouldn’t have been able to bear the sight of her. 
“And that’s the problem,” he continued. “I don’t want her to leave now, but it’s too painful to see her.” It’s too tempting to hurt her, to ruin her. To take her and keep her for the rest of my life. 
Reverend Thorne nodded. “No one escapes suffering in this life, Exton; for even our Lord suffered. You have managed to stave off the pain of your father’s death all these years with revenge.” 
“I don’t want to talk about this with you.” 
“I know we are at an impasse,” Reverend Thorne said, “as the Perdition is keeping the URS from doing more substantial damage to the world. But I do not think you need to keep punishing yourself for your father’s death.” 
“I said I didn’t want to talk about this with you.” 
“I’m just pointing out that you needn’t suffer as much as you think you should.” 
“You know nothing of my suffering,” Exton shouted, before turning on his heel and marching away.  
“If that’s really how you feel,” Reverend Thorne called out, “maybe you should just marry her, so she can make you suffer for the rest of your life.”
“I’m not talking about this with you anymore, Dennis,” he said. “I’m leaving.” 
“Settle your mind with prayer,” the Reverend called out to him. “Don’t dismiss your heart.” 
Exton refused to acknowledge he had heard him, but he found it impossible to ignore the Reverend’s words.

♦♦♦♦

Aerie tried to smile as she observed her work. The countertops were clear, the bed was made, and all the clothes were picked up and tucked away. I won’t be able to wash them, she thought as she finished putting the last of the uniform shirts carefully in his closet, but it was hard for her to completely regret it. As strong as it was, Exton’s scent comforted her. 
Even though he likely hates me now, Aerie thought. 
“But not enough to get rid of me,” she reminded herself, trying to push past her sadness. Crippling despair didn’t seem to be very helpful, she thought. 
Her fingers tingled from rubbing off stains, and her knees were sore from kneeling as she cleared out the items from under the bed. 
“Oh well,” she murmured. “At least I have something to do to pass the time that is constructive.”
More than once, she had been tempted to put down her work and pick up one of the many books Exton had collected. But she was reluctant to do so, for fear of messing them up more than they already were. Several books were stained, folded over, and well-lived in. There were heat stains on some, making her wonder if he had been reading after hours while living at the university, or even at his home in the URS. 
She ran her fingers over the binding on the latest one she’d found. “Fahrenheit 451,” she read aloud. Why does that title seem familiar? 
She pulled out the book and recognized the cover. She thought of the collection of books the General kept in his small room. She’d only ever seen it a few times, when she was younger. 
Aerie suddenly remembered her mother sitting in a chair once, reading it. In her mind’s eye, she saw her mother look up at her and then shut the book forcefully and slide it out of view as she reached out for her youngest daughter. 
“Mom read this,” Aerie realized. She flipped through the first couple of pages, surprised to find it wasn’t a book about military tactics or the environment. 
Have I never seen a novel before? Aerie wondered. She flipped through the last pages and sighed. 
A page fell out a second later, making her jolt. That’s just what I need right now—another reason for Exton to hate me. 
She hurried to pick it up, and then faltered at the sight of it. 
It wasn’t a page that had fallen out; it was a picture.
One of those old photographs, she realized, recognizing the old digital camera filter. She picked it up and pulled it closer to the bedside lamp. 
Looking at it, she was able to see it was a picture of Exton and some people. I would recognize him anywhere, Aerie thought wistfully, but the photograph almost managed to prove her wrong.
He was clearly younger in the picture, and happier, too; his eyes were still clear; even while they were more innocent, they were no less shrewd. 
The lines of his face were rounder, less sharp than they were now, Aerie noticed. She traced the wide smile on his face, not surprised to see the small dimple on his left cheek. 
 She stared at his picture for a long time, before she recalled she still had more to clean up. 
Aerie briefly glanced at the other two figures in the picture. One was wearing a priestly frock, and the woman was wearing a crimson dress. She started to place the picture on Exton’s bedside table when she gasped, nearly dropping the photograph, as she suddenly recognized the woman. 
It was her mother. Beautiful, elusive, and bubbly, Merra St. Cloud was clearly enjoying herself in the picture as she looked off to the edge of the photo. 
Aerie frowned. What was her mother looking at? 
She examined the photo more clearly and noticed part of it was folded over, cutting off the picture. She unfolded it to see her father standing there, a large, red “X” drawn over his face. 
 “That’s not a surprise,” Aerie said. She folded the picture back into place, deciding that, even if her mother was looking at her father with an adoring look, it was better to leave him out of it. 
She turned it over, looking for a date, something to give her an idea of when it had been taken. 
Instead, there was a small message: 
	To Exton, my most accomplished student in many ways. 
	St. Cloud. 
Aerie put the picture down on the table, confused. Her father had taught Exton?
She stood up, starting to lecture herself on getting caught up in her daydreams, before she stopped. Aerie turned around and grabbed the picture, and then tucked it carefully into the hidden pocket in her own uniform jacket. 
Aerie knew it was wrong to steal, but she didn’t think it was wrong to take something away from Exton that clearly reminded him of his pain. It wasn’t like she had any reminder of her mother. 
And, Aerie rationalized further, the picture did technically have both of her parents. Surely that made her a better owner than Exton. 
She put the picture away, but she still felt awed by the expression her mother wore, by the happiness she exuded as she glanced at Aerie’s father. 
Mom must have really loved the General. 
Aerie went back to work cleaning, finding comfort knowing if someone as wonderful as her mother could love someone as terrible as her father, there might be hope that Exton could love her one day, too.

♦♦♦♦

Hours passed before Exton finally decided he should go and see her. 
The pressing quality of the night shift finally hit a point where he couldn’t stand it; whether it was more depressive or oppressive, he couldn’t say. 
But he knew he wanted the light again. 
He wanted to be with her. Aerie, for better or worse, carried sunshine in her soul and cast back the shadows residing in his heart. 
But there is an appointed time for even daybreak, he told himself as he wandered through the ship, off-duty but still running through the checkoffs at different levels.
Most of the crew, shaken by attack the previous night, went about their business as usual; he was polite, succinct, and focused while he interacted with them—nothing out of the ordinary—though it felt like his body had become a puppet of sorts, and routine was acting as his puppet master. 
He passed the elevator on Level Nine and paused. 
Man was given free will, he knew. Beliefs mattered. Truth mattered. Choices mattered, actions had consequences.
So why is it so hard to know which ones were the right ones? 
His finger hovered over the “down” button. 
“Exton!” 
He jerked around, awkwardly shuffling his feet to keep his balance. “Tyler,” he grumbled. “What is it?” 
“Emery wants you to come back up to the Bridge.” 
“Why?” He scratched his head, exasperated. “Is my grieving time over?” 
Tyler held up his hands defensively. “I’m sorry, Exton. General St. Cloud is back on the line.” 
“I turned it off.”
“Emery told me the console had been damaged. When she attempted to repair it, the reception resumed. He was waiting on the other end.” 
“It’s been hours since I left.”
“At least a full day.” Tyler nodded. “His resolve seems sincere.”
“St. Cloud has never done anything with less,” Exton retorted. “That’s why he’s Osgood’s right-hand man.”
“He’s threatening more missiles if he doesn’t get Aerie back. I think he really does love her.” 
“If he’s threatening war against the whole Perdition, he’s going to end up killing her, Tyler. It seems like an empty threat.” 
“He’s not talking about war with us, exactly. He said the next target is going to be Petra.” 
“What?” Shock slammed into him. “How does he even know about Aunt Patty’s settlement?” 
“I was hoping that you would go and ask him that yourself,” Tyler admitted. “Emery sent for me to find you immediately.” 
“I should have just killed them all,” Exton said. “I should have just destroyed them back at the beginning.” 
“You know why we didn’t, and why we couldn’t—and why we still can’t. The Ark and the Biovid are still not complete.”
“I know,” Exton exclaimed. “I know. I thought we would be able to outlast them, to run away and start over. I know it’s not possible now. Not if he knows about Petra.”   
“But if St. Cloud really does love Aerie, he’ll keep his word after we—”
“I don’t care if he loves her.”
“I’m also guessing you don’t know how he can,” Tyler snapped.
Exton’s anger disappeared as confusion replaced it.
Tyler’s voice softened. “You don’t know the length a father will go to protect his child.”
“My father—”
“Even a child who hasn’t been born yet.” 
Exton finally stopped and stared at his friend. 
Tyler met his gaze steadily. “Emery’s pregnant.” 
Exton looked away. A rush of emotion, happiness and joy for his friend and sister, tackled him, conflicting with the grievances in his heart. 
He was going to be an uncle. 
He attempted a smile. “You guys sure didn’t waste any time, did you?” 
Tyler smiled back. “We’ve wasted a lot of time already, Exton.” 
“What do you mean by that? You both came up here with me of your own choice.” 
“I’m not talking about that, Exton. I’ve known you for nearly eight years. It took me a long time to admit to myself I loved Emery, and that things would settle down and then I could tell her.” 
“You just started dating last year.” 
“So? I’ve known her long enough to know she’s the one person who I want to be by my side the rest of my life.” He grinned sheepishly. “And it took her some convincing, too, of course.”
“To fall in love with you?” 
“No. To love me more than she feared the future.” Tyler shrugged. “I know what it is to be afraid. I know what it is like to wonder if loving someone is worth the risk of losing your life.
“But it’s too painful to wonder.” Tyler came up beside him. “And I see the same thing going on with you. It’s too painful for you not to see Aerie.”
“What do you mean?” Exton asked. 
“If she’s causing you pain, it’s because she gives you so much pleasure. Go and talk with her. I know she cares for you.” 
“She said she loved me.” The words barely sounded out of his mouth.  
“Then give her the chance to live up to it. Denying her now is just denying your own heart.” 
“Tyler,” Exton said. He gripped his friend’s arm. “What if I use her against the URS? Or the general?”
“The URS doesn’t hold the same value on families that we do,” Tyler reminded him. “I don’t think you could find a way to use her against them. And you wouldn’t anyway, if you love her back, because her pain would be your pain.”
“What about her father?”
“Is there anything a father dreads more than having their daughter fall in love with the enemy? She’s already a pawn. You might as well make her your queen.”
Exton was surprised to hear himself laugh, bitter and hopeful all at once. “Chess is for a civilized fight,” he said.
“Well, it’s your move,” Tyler said.
“I don’t know what to do. I can’t trust her.”
“Trust is not inherently given,” Tyler reminded him. “It is something that must be earned.” 
“That’s not very helpful.” 
Tyler gave him a contrite look. “I’m running out of ideas, because I need you to come with me to the Bridge.” 
“Come on then,” Exton said, gripping his friend’s shoulder in comradery. “I don’t want to make Emery upset. Especially if she’s pregnant now.” 
Tyler laughed. “We just found out a few days ago. We were going to say something at the Harvest.” 
“We’ll plan a celebration later,” Exton promised. “No niece or nephew of mine is going to be neglected because of a little thing like war.” 

♦26♦

“I want her back.” 
“Well, it is nice to see you again, too, St. Cloud,” Exton muttered disdainfully. He’d barely managed to get into the room before the screen was lit up with St. Cloud’s stern face. 
“You did find her, though, didn’t you?” St. Cloud asked. “Aeris is there with you?” 
“Having doubts about my abilities, are you?” Exton knew he was only human, so it was only right that he indulged in making the older man squirm in anger. Especially if St. Cloud was going to be forced to cooperate with him.  
“She is my youngest daughter,” the general said. “I need to have her back.” 
Exton sighed. “Yes, she’s here. What would you do for her?”
“There’s going to be a price on this?” St. Cloud frowned. “I would have thought that the Ecclesia would be against that.” 
“They probably are, but you’re dealing with me, not them,” Exton replied, grimacing as he thought about his conversation with Dennis. Reverend Thorne might be willing to act as a messenger, on the bright side. 
“If you require a price,” St. Cloud finally remarked, “I would trade myself for her. If that is what you want.”
Exton sighed. “No, I mean, what would the URS do for her? Will she be safe if I return her?” 
“I am not acting under Osgood’s orders by reaching out to you,” St. Cloud reminded him.
“Yes, I know.”
“I am not saying this lightly, Exton.” St. Cloud’s brow furrowed. “This is treason for me. But I want my daughter back. I have her placed under medical leave here; no one but me knows the truth.” 
“No one knows that she’s been missing at all?” Exton was surprised. “It must be nice to have the military clearance to do that.” 
“Aerie is my youngest daughter.” 
“Daughter?” Exton repeated.
“Some might call her a charge,” St. Cloud amended. 
But he did not correct himself in the use of the term, Exton noted. Inwardly, he groaned. Was it possible Tyler was right about him? 
He cleared his throat. “You willingly called her your daughter. Do you love her then? Even more than the State?” 
“Of course I do. That is treason, too, as you well know.” 
Exton felt hate boil up inside of him. “I know. I loved my father.” 
The general said nothing, only closing his eyes. Whether in sorrow, submission, or new understanding, Exton couldn’t say.
“I hear you’re threatening to bomb Petra if we don’t give her back to you,” Exton said. “Is that true?” 
“I will do what it takes to get her back. Even bombing the last sustainable remnant of your resistance movement and the last giant hub of the Ecclesia.” He glared at Exton through the screen. “It would be a shame if you lost the rest of your family and your father’s hopes.”
Exton tried to ignore his baiting. “How do you even know about Petra?” 
“I know about Petra. Osgood does not. Yet.” 
Exton was taken aback by that admission. “Will you tell him right before you order the air strikes against us?” he asked. 
“He doesn’t need to know,” St. Cloud said, “unless there is a need to bomb them.” 
“Such as the failure to return Aerie to you.” 
“Yes.” 
Time to go back to the situation at hand. “What would the URS do to her if she was returned?” Exton asked. “It might surprise you to know—or maybe it won’t—that she has many friends up here, and many people who have befriended her, freely, and without compulsion.”
“That’s Aerie.” St. Cloud snorted. “She wanted to go into the military, but she has no mindset for it.”
Exton agreed, but said nothing. “You seem to have a similar weakness at the moment.” 
A frown appeared on St. Cloud’s face. “Just tell me what you want, and I’ll give it to you. Anything for her, anything at all.” He ducked his head down. “She’s the last of her mother that I have with me.” 
St. Cloud knew who he was, he knew about Petra, and he was committing treason against the URS to get his daughter back. Exton knew he would need time to analyze everything. 
“I’ll have to think about it,” Exton said. “And I have to ask her, too, of course.” 
“Fine. Can I see her?” 
Exton turned away. “We’ll make arrangements soon. How long is this line secure?”
“This line will be secure for another day, before the URS technical moderators recognize that I’ve had it altered.”
“I’ll talk with you again before the end of tomorrow, then.” Exton paused. “And you should know, as her father, Aerie is up here with us. She’s actually enjoying her time here, from what I’ve heard from others who are working with her.”
“She’s happy? And safe?” 
“For the moment.” 
And isn’t that the truth of it?  
St. Cloud nodded. “Thank you.”
Exton narrowed his gaze as he looked at the older man on the screen. Relief barely touched on his features, but he’d never known St. Cloud to let his emotions interfere with his judgments. 
It was, Exton recalled, one of the things he had trouble with himself. St. Cloud had called it weakness before. 
He probably would say the same thing now, except he is the one benefiting from it. 
“If you really love her,” Exton asked before he turned off the screen, “would you be willing to let her go?”
The general sighed. “It’s complicated,” he said. “She has a duty to the State here. While I am willing to negotiate her release, I need her back before they realize her records have been falsified. She will be branded a traitor. And then there will be no mercy for her.”
“Well,” Exton said after a moment of thought, “you would be the one to know the extent of the URS’s mercy.”
At the sight of St. Cloud’s stricken expression, Exton signed off, too overwhelmed to continue sparring.
Exton breathed in deeply, trying to steady himself. He was getting tired, he noticed. He needed rest.
Probably a whole week of rest. Or two weeks. 
He turned around and headed out, immediately coming face-to-face with Emery’s blue-green eyes.
“Well?” she asked. “What did he say?” 
“He said he’d rather not blow up Petra, for one,” Exton assured her. “And two, he wants Aerie back.” 
“You didn’t send her back.” 
He knew from her tone she disapproved, even if she understood. “No.” He sighed. “I locked her in my room.” 
“You don’t want to send her away.” 
“What I want doesn’t matter,” he insisted. 
“That’s a lie,” Emery argued. “You can’t keep lying to yourself, Exton.” 
“I’m not lying to myself,” he insisted. “I know, for example, that Aerie lied to us—all of us—about who she is. I know that I can’t trust her.” 
“I know you’re tempted to.” 
Exton flinched, feeling the sting of her words. “More tempted than I’ve ever been in my life,” Exton agreed quietly. “But I can’t risk Petra. Not even for her.” 
“I understand,” Emery said, putting her hand on his shoulder. “But I also know that sending her back is the last thing you want to do.” 
He shrugged. 
“Because you love her.” 
“Of course I do,” Exton snapped. “But it’s not enough. It’s not enough to save people, Emery. It’s not enough to help us now, here, right in this place.”
“We need to find another way.” 
“There is no other way.” He glanced around. “St. Cloud said she’s been put on medical leave, under his orders. All she needs to do is to get back there, and she can resume her life. It’ll be easy for her. She has her boyfriend or whatever waiting for her, and her father, and her whole life.” 
“She loves you.” 
“Then she’ll make it easier for us to get rid of her.” 
“St. Cloud knows about Petra. We could still be in danger.” 
“I’m not using her as a political card,” Exton snapped. 
Emery gave him a warm smile. “No, you wouldn’t do that, would you? You never even thought of it.” 
“Oh, I’ve thought of it,” he assured her. “But I’m not going to do it just because it would feel good.” 
“Not paying for your pleasures?” Emery asked, and the small, half-hesitant note in her voice irritated him. 
“Not this time,” Exton snarled, before he walked away. He stopped and then added, “By the way, congratulations on the baby. I’m happy for you.” 
Emery came up beside him. “Thank you,” she said, wrapping her arms around him and hugging him from behind. “I love you, Exton. You’ve always been a good brother to me.” 
“No, I haven’t.” He patted her hand. “But I’ll try hard to be a better one.” 
“Then give Aerie a chance,” Emery said. “She told me the truth, you know. Before you found out. We were on our way up to see you when … ”
 “I don’t care,” he lied. 
“Go and see her.”
“I might hurt her,” he said softly. 
“No more than she’s hurting now, I’ll bet.”
Exton shrugged. “I can think of worse ways to suffer.” 
“Do you want me to go with you?” Emery teased. “Hold your hand, like Mom used to when we were scared?” 
He frowned at her, which only made her smile grow. 
“Keep it up and I’ll convince the medics to put you on medical leave,” he warned.  
Emery giggled as he headed out of the Command Bridge. 

♦♦♦♦

She was asleep. 
Exton had been reluctant to believe it at first, but after hearing her quiet breathing, he was sure of it. Just as sure as he was that he wasn’t dreaming or disoriented, even if the clean room gave him pause when he first walked in.
Especially when he didn’t trip over anything.
The small lamp by his bedside was on, casting a small light on her as she slept, curled up on his neatly made bed. 
He couldn’t stop the smile when he saw his old copy of The Hobbit open and partially peeking out from under a pillow. Her uniform jacket covered her upper body, while her boots hung over the bed. 
Exton sat down at his desk, trying to relax in his chair. He   watched her, his eyes never leaving her face. 
We have time. Not much, but we have some time. 
He walked over to the closet and pulled a spare blanket out from the top shelf. He spread it over her, tucking her feet under the cover. After a moment of consideration, he decided to leave the light on.
And then he carefully, so as not to disturb her, slid down and lay next to her. He closed his eyes and allowed sleep to settle into him, figuring that if she tried to kill him the door was locked, and he would choose death at her hands over life without love.
Sleep seemed to only last for a moment, before the waking world called to him again. 
“Exton.” 
“What?” he muttered, his voice heavy with sleep while his eyes were still closed. He curled into the warmth beside him and tried to block out the light. 
“I love you.” 
 Exton stilled. Aerie. 
Long, silent moments passed as he gradually realized she was lying against him, her body pressed into his, her face buried in his shoulder. 
As he woke up, he realized his arm was wrapped around her protectively, possessively. 
He remembered the day in the Captain’s Lounge, where he told her, foolishly and naively, that she was his. 
“Do you mean it?” Exton murmured down into her hair. 
“Yes, I do.” 
He jolted at her response. He hadn’t been expecting an answer.
“I’ll make a deal with you,” Aerie whispered. “I’ll love you if you love me.”  
Her voice was playful and hopeful, and it was all too easy to agree to that. 
But he knew better. 
He sighed and moved away from her, sitting up in the bed. Exton opened his eyes and blinked, allowing the rest of the room to come into focus. 
“What? What is it?” Aerie asked. The hope had disappeared from her voice. “Did I say something wrong?” 
“I’m the one who usually sets the terms for the deals,” Exton said. 
“That’s not enough of a reason to say no,” Aerie objected. 
“Love isn’t like that, Aerie. Real love does not use conditions and stipulations. Relationships do, but not love.” 
“Why did you come back here at all then?” She sat up on her knees. “You could have just left me alone here to rot away in your room.” 
“I thought about it.” He smirked. “It would have been easier.” 
He regretted his teasing when he saw the shimmer of tears in her eyes. “But your father wants you back. He’s threatened to destroy Petra if we don’t take you back down to him.” 
“Petra?” 
“My aunt’s settlement, in the Antarctic zone.” Exton stood up and straightened out his uniform. “He’s not even supposed to know about it. No one does, outside the Ecclesia, really.” 
“Maybe someone told him.” 
“Yes,” Exton looked at her pointedly. “Maybe someone did.” 
“I’m not his spy.”
“I’m just saying someone like you could easily have done so.” 
“I’m not a spy.” 
“Regardless, I can’t let him attack them. They’re not shielded well enough to survive.” 
“So you’re just going to send me away?” Aerie got up and stormed over to him, vehemence in her voice. “You’ll stick me in an escape pod, toss me down to Earth, and forget I was ever here?” 
“I will take you back, Aerie.” 
“Nothing will stop me from staying with you,” Aerie insisted. “I’ll go to the Ecclesia. I’ll talk to Emery or Olga or someone. Anyone. I don’t want to go. I don’t want to leave you.” 
“I don’t want you anymore,” Exton told her, deliberately making her flinch. She stepped back from him, and he hated himself for it. Don’t make this harder on yourself, Aerie. Or me.  
“You’re lying,” she shot back. “I know you’re lying.” 
“You’re a danger to us here. You’ve lied to us, and you’ve brought this mess on yourself,” he told her. “Do you have any idea how much harder you’ve made our lives?” 
“I made it better,” Aerie argued. “You wouldn’t have even known the General knew about your aunt’s settlement. Now you do. You can fight him better now that he’s shown his hand.” 
“You can’t stay here. You don’t even pay for yourself here.” 
“I’ve worked. I can handle my credit on my own, so you don’t have to worry about it anymore.” 
“You don’t belong here.” 
“This is the only place where I have ever belonged!” 
“I don’t want you here anymore.” 
“Yes, you do!” She stepped forward again, her resolve returning as he was running out of arguments. 
He threw up his hands in exasperation. “What about Petra? Would you have an entire settlement wiped out so you could stay with me?” 
“We can find a way to protect them.” Aerie gestured toward his desk. “I know you have nuclear weapons here. We can bluff until we can convince the General to let me go.” 
“You’d be a traitor to the URS.” 
“I already am!” 
“No, you’re not. He’s protecting you, Aerie. He’s put you on medical leave. No one other than your father knows you’re missing.” 
“No one?” She stopped for a moment, surprised at the new information. 
“No.” Exton snorted. “Not even your boyfriend, from the sound of it.” 
“He was never my boyfriend. I told you that,” Aerie snarled.
“Regardless, you’ll be able to return to your life.” 
“I don’t want to.” 
“You’ve always wanted this, Aerie,” Exton told her. He sighed. “Your father is fighting for your return.” 
“And I’m fighting you for the right to stay.” Aerie’s eyes lit up. “I want our rematch now.” 
“Not now, Aerie.” 
“If I win,” she barreled onward, “I get to stay.” 
“If you lose?” Exton asked. 
“I won’t lose.” She adjusted her feet into a fighting stance. 
“Aerie, stop.” He came up to her and placed his hands on her shoulder. “There’s too much on the line for you to—ah, ha!”
He reached around her and grasped her, getting her into a tight hold. “I got you.” 
“Hey!” Her arms went flailing, but Exton had the advantage. He tightened his hold on her arms with one arm and lifted her off the ground with his other.
He swiveled around and tossed her down onto the bed, before securing her with his body on hers. His legs wrapped around hers, while his arms held hers down. 
Aerie flailed against him. “You cheated!” She kicked at him unsuccessfully, trying to break free. 
“I told you when we first met that we don’t fight fair here, Aerie. I’ve got you. Yield.” 
“Never!” Aerie frowned up at him. She butted her head into his chin.
“I said I would fight you in a rematch. You’ve had your fight, Aerie, and you lost.” 
“You need to lose the smirk.” 
Exton was surprised to find that he was smiling. “Submit, Aerie.” He lowered his voice. “If you love me, you’ll relent.” 
“I might love you, but I don’t trust you.” 
“Welcome to my world.” 
“It must be your world, because it’s much more convenient for you than it is for me.” 
“Believe me, there’s nothing convenient about this for me.” He met her gaze, allowing her to feel the weight of his body on her. She slowly stopped fighting as the color in her cheeks heightened. 
“I ... yield.” The tears in her eyes mixed with shame as he reached for her. 
“Thank you.” Exton leaned down to place a kiss on her brow. That had to be extremely difficult for her, he thought affectionately. 
But when she raised her lips up to meet his, and like an instinct in his soul, implanted before time began, he kissed her.
Passion and desperation instantly threatened his self-control, momentarily overbidding his senses. Aerie responded to him, linking her arms around him and pulling him closer to her.
As the warmth between them exploded into searing heat, Exton pulled back from her.
“Don’t,” Aerie moaned. “Don’t stop.”
Anger—at himself, at her, at their whole situation—finally allowed him to break away completely, against the raging tide of temptation as she held onto him. He stepped back from her swiftly. 
“You shouldn’t tempt me, Aerie.” He began pacing away from her, anything to relieve the pain. “I’m already tempted to use you against the URS. Don’t tempt me to hurt you more than I already have.”
“You’re killing me,” Aerie cried. 
“I am already dead!” Exton reminded her. I was foolish to think a ghost could be brought back to life. “I need you to go back to the URS. To your father.” 
Pain poured out of her gaze. “You’re doing this just to hurt me.” 
“Then we are even,” he shot back. “I can’t let everyone else suffer for my mistake. You need to go back, for your own good as much as anyone’s.” 
“How can you say that?” Aerie sat up slowly. 
“Because you’re getting what you’ve always wanted—your freedom.”
“I don’t—”
 He turned toward her. “If you trust me,” he said, “you’ll agree with me in this matter. Petra is the main reason we believe we can win against the URS. It’s one thing to destroy, Aerie. It’s another to protect. Petra is the hope of the world right now, as a place that can handle refugees and establish a sound government—one that doesn’t take advantage of its people. If we lose Petra—”
“I know.” Aerie slumped over, defeated. “I know.”
He was crushed to see her spirit extinguished. I can’t do this anymore.
“I have to go prepare for your transport,” he muttered. He hesitated. “I’m sorry.” 
He hurried out the door and locked it behind him. But he faltered for a few moments, scarcely able to believe he managed not to condemn his soul in the process of breaking her heart. 
It was only as he heard her soft weeping that he realized he was condemned already, and the price of redemption was too steep. 

♦27♦

Aerie wasn’t sure how long it was she remained there, curled up on Exton’s bed, alone, with only the darkness for comfort. She only knew that each second seemed to stretch out painfully, as it pulled her further away from Exton’s comfort, and it pushed her toward a future without him entirely. 
She wrapped her arms around a pillow drenched in her shed tears. There was nothing left to do but go back now, Aerie thought bitterly.
A knock at the door sounded softly. “Aerie?” 
Aerie jolted, and strained her ears. “Emery?” she answered. “Emery, is that you?” 
“Yes,” she replied. 
“Can you get me out of here? Exton’s trying to take me back to the URS—”
“I know,” Emery interrupted. “I’ve come to say goodbye. I can’t help you. The door is locked and secured, Aerie. Even if I wanted to help, I couldn’t.” 
“Because he’s your brother, I know,” Aerie said with a sign. 
“No, because he’s the captain.” Aerie could almost see the wistful smile on Emery’s face. “He’s my brother, and I love him. But I think he’s wrong in this matter. Once I heard he didn’t send you away earlier, I knew.” 
“Knew what?” 
“I knew that you matter to him.” 
“I don’t know about that,” Aerie admitted, defeated. She walked over to the door and stood next to it. “He has a strange way of showing it.”
“It’s not quite as difficult for me to see it as it might be for you.” Emery’s back pressed against the door. “But I know he’s in pain.” 
“Because of me?” 
“Yes.” 
“I didn’t mean for things to go this way,” Aerie squirmed. 
“I’m not talking about your deception, or even because of Petra. I’m trying to tell you, I’m happy that he’s found something—someone—worth coming back to life for.”
“I don’t think he sees it that way.” 
“Even if he did, he wouldn’t know what to do with it, likely,” Emery snorted. 
Aerie managed a small smile. “You know, Emery, I was just thinking about how much my mom would have liked you.” 
“My mother would have liked you, too.” Emery sighed. “I don’t have much more time. I have to get back to the Bridge. But I wanted to tell you that I will miss you. And I’m sorry you can’t stay.” 
“Oh, Emery,” Aerie felt tears swell up behind her eyes again. “You’re my best friend, you know that? And I love you.” 
“I love you too,” Emery replied.
“I wish I could hug you.” 
Emery laughed, her voice cracking slightly, making Aerie wondering if she was having trouble holding back tears, too. 
“Emery?” she called. “Can you do me a favor?” 
“What is it?” 
“Can you take care of Moona for me?” Aerie bit her lip. “I don’t know how long I’ve been here.” 
“You’ve been in here for about a day and a half. We’re coming up on Earth now. Exton and St. Cloud have made arrangements to meet in a few hours.” Emery paused. “I’ll see to it that Moona is well taken care of.” 
Aerie sniffed. “Tell her I’ll miss her and I love her, too. But I’ll be happy knowing she’s in your care.” 
Emery sighed. “I’m not particularly fond of cats,” she admitted, “but if nothing else, I’ll keep her until Exton returns, so he can take care of her.” 
“That’s perfect,” Aerie murmured. “Thank you.” 
“Exton’s coming out of the elevator,” Emery said. “I’m going to sneak off in the opposite direction.” She paused. “Hopefully, I’ll see you soon. Don’t give up, Aerie. God is a god of miracles.” 
Aerie sighed. God, if you are there, help me find a way to stay with these people I’ve come to love so much. 
She wasn’t sure if he heard her or not. But when the door finally opened, she felt more steady, and ready to face her fate. 

♦♦♦♦

“Move out,” Exton commanded the guards. They left, their movements regimented like seconds on a clock, counting down to her demise. 
He turned to her. “Aerie,” he said. “It’s time.” 
She lowered her gaze. “I know.” 
“Your father’s ship just landed.” 
“Where are we, anyway?” Aerie asked. 
“Outside of Nova Scotia,” he said. “There’s a special medical ward here that will claim you as a victim of an attack and have you admitted. General St. Cloud told me he would see to it that you would be back at work within the week.” 
“I’m sure he’d love that.” She sighed. “I already know you can’t forgive me and you won’t forgive my father. I love you anyway. You were the one who said that real love doesn’t come with conditions. I understand that.” 
Exton came over and released her seatbelt. “You’ll need to unbuckle,” he told her, trying to smile kindly at her. 
“I’m not fighting you,” Aerie promised. “I … I know you need to protect the others. I know you need to take me back.” She met his gaze. “I do trust you, Exton, and if this is really what you think is best, I’ll follow you.” 
He ran his hand over her hair softly, pleasing her and paining her at the movement. When the last of her tresses fell free from him, she sighed.  
“I do want you to know, however,” she said, as he began to lead her out of the ship, “that even though you’ve returned me, I’ll never be free of you.”
When he paused, she added, “You told me once that everyone has to have something greater in their lives. You said it was God for the Ecclesia, and revenge for you. For me, I thought I needed my family’s love and acceptance. I was wrong. I just needed you.” 
“Find something greater than me, Aerie,” he told her. “I’m hurting you. I’m letting you down already.”
“What’s greater than love?” Aerie asked. 
“Truth.” 
“Well, the truth is I love you.” She lowered her eyes again. “Whether you love me or not.” 
He was silent for a long moment. Aerie peeked up just in time to see him reach for her.
“Oh, Aerie,” he murmured, before he kissed her. His arms wrapped around her, cradling her in the nook of his shoulder. “I do love you.” 
Aerie felt his kiss, gentle and slow, reveling in his embrace. She struggled to relax against him, confused even as she felt torn apart. 
He pulled back from her once more, this time achingly slow. “Your father is waiting to see you.” 
The words flattened her. 
She nodded and eased out of his grip, even though he seemed reluctant to let her go. I could fight here. And, she realized, she would likely win. 
But it wouldn’t be successful in the long-term, she thought bitterly. She would show Exton she could trust him, and she had to show him that he could trust her to follow orders. 
Following orders. Aerie shook her head to herself as she stepped down off the shuttle behind Exton. No wonder he had trouble trusting her. Apparently, she thought, chagrined, it has been a lifelong problem. 
Aerie squinted her eyes against the dying light of day. The world beneath her feet was soft, the muddy molding already encasing her boots. She glanced ahead, and there he was. 
The General was walking up from the small plane he’d no doubt piloted to the site himself. Aerie was surprised to see she no longer recognized him as a daughter would, but as an enemy. She saw his right foot limping slightly, and his body seemed more tired than she’d noticed before. 
She walked out to greet him. She glanced over at Exton and his guards. “Please wait till we leave before you go.” 
It was a small request, one Aerie had a feeling Exton had meant to fulfill on his own. When she saw his curt nod, she rejoiced inwardly. 
At least she’d get to see him until the very end.
“General,” Aerie said. She held out her hand to shake his. 
He sighed. “Two weeks in enemy territory and you’ve already forgotten proper procedures, Aerie?” 
“I don’t want to bow to you here,” Aerie told him, her voice hardened with anger. “Especially since I heard you threatened several hundred people’s lives to get me back.” 
“I would have threatened more,” he told her, “if it would have gotten you home.” 
“I was home,” Aerie told him. She glanced back at Exton. “I love him, Daddy.” 
She was as surprised as he was to hear her say “Daddy,” but she pushed forward. “I want to stay with him.” 
“You can’t.” The General shook his head. “You’re in danger as it is.” 
“But—”
“You’re also endangering them, Aerie. Their survival, along with the Ecclesia, depends on our cunning. You can’t just disappear.” 
“Help me, then,” she said. 
“It would be too suspicious,” he argued. “I can’t. I have to cause you more trouble as it is.” 
“Why?” Aerie suddenly heard the wind rushing through the trees. She turned back to see the General pull out his gun. “What are you doing?” 
Before he could answer, Aerie knew. She turned back to Exton. 
“Exton, it’s a setup!” Aerie called. “Go!” 
The instant her cry hit the wind, a team of fighter jets came rushing over the skyline. 
She turned back to her father. “You tricked us!” 
“Aerie!” Exton called from behind her. 
“I had to,” he said, sadly. “There is much you don’t know about me, or my mission, Aerie.” He lifted his gun and took aim for Exton.
“No!” Before Aerie could think, she grabbed his arm and twisted it back. Her other arm lashed out and punched him, hitting him square in the nose. 
Aerie gasped in horror, before she heard Exton calling her again. “Come back, Aerie,” he called. “We’re leaving.” 
She lost her fear and grinned. “Coming!” Aerie turned back to her father as his nose ran with a thick trail of blood. “I’m sorry, sir.” 
And then she took off. “Exton.” 
The jets screamed as they dove and shot past them, and missiles exploded all around her. But when she found Exton’s arms again, she knew nothing but joy. 
“Aerie.” He picked her up and swung her around once. “Let’s go home.”  
She kissed him, hugging him as he held her, while he carried her toward the ship. 
She barely noticed the glint of sunlight in the distance—and then it was all she could see. 
“Exton, look out!” She pushed him aside. 
Blood splurged from her shoulder less than a second later. 
“Aeris!” the General’s voice echoed in the distance.  
“Aerie,” Exton grabbed her as she tripped. Both of them fell to the ground as strong, burning pain ran down the length of her arm and across her chest. 
She cried out in pain as she gripped onto Exton. “Ouch!”
A missile exploded into Exton’s shuttle. She heard the crew crying out orders, trying to get it to fly, all while Exton tore his jacket to try making a bandage for her wound.
Aerie studied him, watching in quiet wonder. He was in shock as he held her, clearly uncertain of what to do. “It’ll be okay, it’ll be okay,” he gasped. 
She felt her grip on reality lessen as the pain overflowed her mind and senses. “That’s what you said last time.” Aerie laughed quietly. 
“Stay with me, Aerie,” Exton ordered. “Please, don’t leave me.” He hugged her close as he pushed down on the blood. “I was wrong,” he croaked. “I was wrong. God did just dump someone into the ship just for me, didn’t he?” 
He kissed her forehead. “Please forgive me.” 
Aerie thought she managed to smile at his words before she lost consciousness. 

♦♦♦♦

“Get away from her, or the next bullet will go through you.” 
Exton glared up at St. Cloud, his eyes blurred over. “I’m not letting you take her.” 
“I’m her father. If anything, I’m not letting you keep her.” St. Cloud lounged at him, landing a forceful kick on Exton’s chest. 
Exton, still tangled up in Aerie’s legs, struggled to move as his opponent attacked again. 
This time he tasted blood. He wiped his face off with his hands. “Why do you always do this to me!?” 
St. Cloud ignored him, reaching down and hoisting Aerie up. She began to struggle as the pain woke her up. 
Exton fought against his pain. “Aerie!” 
“Stand down, St. Cloud!” A pair of Exton’s guards came down the ship’s ramp. “We have you locked on target.” 
St. Cloud held Aerie firmly against his chest. He glared at Exton. “Here’s a promise I’ll keep: Leave my family alone, and I’ll leave yours alone.” 
Before Exton could respond, St. Cloud fired on the guards. The two dropped to the ground. He then turned the gun on Exton.
“No,” Exton gasped. He scrambled back.
He was surprised when St. Cloud holstered his weapon. “Contrary to what Osgood thinks,” he said, “I do believe there are worse things than death.” 
He pulled out a syringe and pushed the plunger into Aerie’s arm. 
“What are you doing?” Exton yelled, watching in horror as Aerie flinched and then collapsed. “What did you do?” 
“One of the better technologies that the URS has developed,” St. Cloud said, “is the use of Memory Serum. A thousand NanoTech robots all programed to flood the synapses in the mind.” 
“I don’t understand.” 
“This will block out her memories of the past six weeks.” 
Angry shock poured through him. “You monster!” he cried. “Aerie!” 
“There’s no use in calling for her now. Once she’s awake and her wound is healed, she’ll never remember you.” He glanced around, seeming to search the horizon. 
Before Exton could turn completely around, he heard them. A team of helicopters, flying low, appeared out of the clouds. 
Pain slashed through him, while blood, warm and sticky, oozed out of his head. He felt dazed as he gripped his head, where St. Cloud had bashed him with his weapon.
“Remember my warning, Exton,” St. Cloud said. “You’ve ruined my plans before, but I won’t let you ruin them again. You’ve returned Aerie to me, so for that I’ll forget about Petra. But mark my words, you must never see her again.” 
The helicopters began firing, and Exton watched as St. Cloud, surprisingly agile for a man in his forties, disappeared into his plane. 
“No.” 
He fell back against the brown, muddy grass, watching as the clouds fell into darkness. 
It was moments later, after St. Cloud had taken off and the crew finally managed to account for its losses, that Exton felt a hand on his forehead. 
“He always did have a very good aim.” A woman’s voice washed over him. “Here, drink this. He’s gone now.” 
After dutifully sipping on a warm drink that tasted like bile, Exton opened his eyes. A woman with dark hair loomed over him. She had a pilot’s uniform on, but the insignia was not from the URS. She had the mark of the Ecclesia on her shoulder. 
“Who are you?” he asked. 
The woman removed the better portion of her fighter goggles. Even in the moonlight, he could see her eyes were green, dappled with golden flecks. “My name is Merra,” she said.  “And considering what I’ve heard about you concerning my daughter, Exton Shepherd, it’s about time we met again.”  

♦♦♦♦

The beeping sounds of a med ward were familiar, but her mind refused to put a name to the place. She almost smiled. 
Aerie sighed and opened her eyes, immediately flinching from the bright lights. All of them artificial, she noticed, her mouth twisting into a frown. It’s not supposed to be like that … is it? 
“Aerie. You’re awake, at last.” 
Aerie turned toward the sound of her name. She blinked a few times, clearing her vision. The shadowed figure of a man, close to her own age, came into focus, and she grinned. “Brock.” 
His hazel eyes lit up with happiness. “I was worried about you.” 
“Where am I?” Aerie asked.
“You’re in the New Hope Hospital, the critical care wing. You’ve been in here for over two weeks. This is the first day that I’ve been allowed to come in and sit with you.” He smiled. “I’m honored you decided to wake up for me.” 
“Two weeks? What happened?” Aerie asked. She frowned.
“You were finishing up a course test on combat training,” Brock said. “They called you in after your PAR. They said that you’d taken the wrong test and wanted to correct it.” 
“So what happened?” Aerie tried to give him a smile, but it hurt. She tentatively touched her face. She had a bloody lip still, she noticed. That was weird. If I have been in here for two weeks, why am I still bleeding? 
“You were climbing up the ropes course and you fell.” 
“That doesn’t sound like me.” Aerie frowned. “I’m a good climber. People would notice if I just fell.” 
“They think you might have had a seizure,” Brock told her. “Or so General St. Cloud told me. Apparently, it can be a genetic trait. Your mother—er, former unit director—had a history of it.” 
“My mother?” There was something about my mother, she remembered. 
He reached over and took her hand. “Aerie, we’ve been worried about you.” 
“There’s no need to worry,” Aerie assured him. “Now that I’m awake, I’m sure I’ll be back to normal before too much longer.” 
“You’ve got some work to catch up on.” 
“Oh, no!” Aerie shot up into a sitting position. “I’ve missed my first few weeks of work!” Then she frowned. “Did I get into the military?” she asked. “This won’t disqualify me, will it?” 
“I guess you don’t remember.” Brock sighed. “They said you might have some issues with your memory for the next couple of months. You hit your head pretty hard.” 
He reached over and touched the small bump on her head. 
Instantly, Aerie felt a rush of shyness. “Were you assigned to be a doctor?” she asked. Then she frowned. “No, you were an engineer. You told me.” 
“Huh?” Brock’s eyes raised in surprise. “No, I got into the pilot program at the New Hope Military Academy.” 
“Oh.” Aerie frowned. “I thought … ” She closed her eyes and pressed her palms against them. Eyes the color of the lightest blue fluttered into her vision. “I thought … ”
“The medics here are getting the paperwork together to clear you,” Brock said. “Once you’re settled in at home again, would you want to come over and meet my parents?” 
“Parents?” 
“Yes. I’ve met yours,” Brock said with a smile. “I thought it would be okay to introduce you to mine.” 
“Why?” 
“Because. We like each other.” 
“I might have borrowed your name,” Aerie snapped, “but you’re not my boyfriend.” Instantly, she felt a rush of pain and tiredness, while Brock only looked stricken.  
She glanced over at her shoulder. “What happened to my shoulder?” 
“When you fell, you landed on some equipment that was lying around.” Brock frowned. “You really don’t remember anything?” 
“I’m … I’m trying to,” Aerie said. “I’d like to rest for a bit, if you don’t mind, Brock.” 
“I can imagine this is overwhelming,” Brock said. “I’ll come back tomorrow. Your father said he would come and see you later.”
“Oh, okay.” Aerie curled into a sleeping position, facing away from the door. “Thanks. Thanks for letting me know.”
“Sure.” He squeezed her hand gently and then left. 
Aerie waited until he left the room before allowing herself to cry. Her hands covered her face. Something is wrong, she thought. Something is wrong, and I have to figure it out.  
She pulled the sheet over her head, blocking out the lights, and struggled to find sleep. 




C. S. Johnson is the author of several books, including The Starlight Chronicles series and the Once Upon a Princess saga. She currently lives in Atlanta with her family, cats, and caffeine addiction.
 

AUTHOR’S NOTE AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Dear Reader, 
Welcome once more to a new world of mine. If you’ve enjoyed my previous work with Hamilton from The Starlight Chronicles or Rose from Once Upon a Princess, I’m eager to hear what you think of my Divine Space Pirates trilogy. (And if you are new, I’d like the same opinion from you, only the other way around.)
I’m not sure when the story of Exton and Aerie started to come to me. I’m sure it was in something inconsequential at the time—a newspaper article, a science magazine, or one too many movies and books while I was sick, all running together in my dreams. Based on the irony, subtle and pervasive and sometimes deconstructed—I’d say a lot of it came from sarcastic thoughts I was never able to voice to any appropriate party. You know how it goes; these things happen. 
But I do know where the heart of their love story blossoms from, and it is not so far away from the rest of my stories. 
It comes from the place in my own heart that has always wondered at how people see themselves and how they see others, and how astounding and amazing it is that people are able to really find each other at all. Because of this, I liked the idea of complementing their romance with similar themes from Dante Alighieri’s Divine Comedy. Dante’s mission, his journey through Hell and Purgatory, was all for the love of his muse, Beatrice. And she, in turn, took him up to the heights of Heaven to see the face of God. (I have swapped Purgatory for Creation.)
I think it is a funny thing, how love and romance are connected to God. Many things culture would say are romantic—such as the idea of everlasting love, for example—are better suited to God, I think, and likewise, godliness makes love all the more perfect. And in some sense, that is tragically ironic for today’s world—hence the Perdition. It certainly would be hell for many people to embrace the aspect of agape love. 
That’s also part of the reason this book focuses so much on love and trust, and their role in relationships. Can you really love someone if you don’t trust them? It’s a question I have wrestled with myself on more than one occasion, and many times it seems that a story is a better answer than a quick answer, even when—perhaps especially when—it comes to trusting God. 
God has always been a god of irony to me. I love his sense of humor, even if I am slow to see the joke. I suspect this book is part of it. But as with my other works, I will trust him to do what is good.
Please wait for me while I piece together the next book in the Aerie and Exton’s story, The Breadth of Creation (The Divine Space Pirates, Book 2). I’m also working on my other series’ books, too, so please keep checking in. 
I’m looking forward to seeing you again soon! 

Until We Meet Again, 

C. S. Johnson

P. S. Read on for a sample of Beauty’s Curse, Part I of my Once Upon a Princess fantasy series, where you’ll meet Rose, a determined princess who sets out with her friends to find a way to break the curse placed on her as a baby. 

READY FOR BOOK 2? 

Look for The Breadth of Creation! 
















AUTHOR’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
EDITOR
Jennifer C. Sell
Jennifer Clark Sell is a professional book editor and proofreader. She works from her home in Southern California. With her years of professional and personal experience, she offers several quality packages for authors. Find her at https://www.facebook.com/JenniferSellEditingService.

Photo Credit: Savannah Sell

AUTHOR’S NOTE AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

BOOK COVER ARTIST

Reiseei, Manga Illustrator

An artistic force to be reckoned with, Reiseei is an illustrator with an impressive body of work specializing in different manga and anime styles. Check out her online portfolio at http://reiseeiworks.wixsite.com/reiseei.


SAMPLE READING

Chapter 1from 
BEAUTY’S CURSE
PART I OF THE ONCE UPON A PRINCESS SAGA
҉	҉	҉	҉
C. S. Johnson

Courtesy of 
www.direwolfbooks.com




*1*

҉

She had never been one to waste her time; after all, she had so little of it left. But whether or not the weather cooperated with her was another matter entirely. 
Rose looked up at the bleak sky, feeling the hood of her protective cloak sliding down from her face, exposing her nape at the end of her close-cropped hair. The wind tickled her skin, and rather than finding it charming and pleasant as she might have when she was younger, she found it taunting and terrifying.
Her gaze moved down from the crying skies to the sea, the rough and tumbling creature so keen on hogging every inch it could of the world’s edge.  
There was nothing to it, she decided. They would have to enter into the cavern during the rain. According to the map Ethan had found, the entrance to Titania’s realm was not far down the cliff, and while it would be easier if the rain would stop and the tide would recede, Rose knew she could never count on life to make things easier for her if it could. 
That was how Theo found her; looking down the edge of the cliffs, standing in the rain, and declaring all the world her enemy. No wonder she had insisted leaving the palace when she’d been thirteen, he thought. Even the grand palace would have demolished itself, had she been unable to fight her own way free of it. She was a warrior through and through. 
Theo shook his head and pushed back the cover of his cloak. “I know that look,” he muttered, coming up from behind her. “And the answer is no.” 
Rose would have normally grinned at the sight of her best friend following her out of the safety of the camp to talk. But ever since she and her group had finally found the location of the home of a powerful Fairy Queen, time seemed to crush into her a little bit more each day, pushing her into possible tomorrows long before her todays had finished. 
She pursed her lips together. “Come on. I’m the princess, remember? I’m the one in command here, Theo.” 
He smiled at her. “You only pull rank when you know I’m right.” Crossing his arms, he added, “It’s only been two days, Rosary. We’ll give it at least one more before we go barreling in.” 
He was not fooled by the calm look on her face; there would be a battle in getting her to agree. 
He had known Rose–officially Princess Aurora Rosemarie Mohanagan of Rhone–for over ten years, ever since he arrived to work in the royal chapel, and he knew well her charms. It was impossible not to notice them, and knowing her well enough, it was impossible for him to fall for them–which, he knew, she both liked and hated on different occasions. Knowing her expressions just as well, Theo knew this time she hated it.
“Mary can protect us with a weather spell,” she argued.
He had to admit, halfway begrudgingly, he admired her tenacity as she refused to back down. “Mary is still tired from our battle with the Eastern Warlords. We’re all still tired, even you. The rest will be good for us. We have time enough for rest.”
“No, I don’t have time, Theo. My birthday is coming up.” Frustration and fear crept into the pattern of her speech. 
“And you can spare a day now, and we’ll make up for it later.” 
“What if we don’t?” 
“You still have a whole year afterwards, Rosary.” Patience melted away into concern at her words. He knew she was upset and afraid, and there was little he could do about it. 
That was why he had come, though, wasn’t it? The thought hit him with a disgruntled air. There were few reasons besides counsel and comfort that would cause one to bring a priest across continents and into battle. He was fortunate to have found a friend in the doomed princess of Rhone. 
Theo watched as she started pacing, her knight’s armor clanking quietly in tune with her stride. Time to reinforce the reason, he decided. “Sophia can’t build much of a raft by the day’s end. Why not send her to town with Virtue and some of the guards? She can surely go unnoticed here, even with your beast of a hawk, and she’ll be able to see about a boat for tomorrow.” 
After a moment of silence, Rose smirked despite herself. “You and your logic,” she muttered. She gave him a friendly punch on the shoulder. “Is there anything you don’t use it for?” 
“Some things,” he replied, “that you know of well, and we share.” 
Rose felt a world pass between them inside his soft-spoken words, and found comfort in it. “Wanting revenge does tend to bind people together,” Rose agreed, finally stopping in her tracks. She laid out her cloak and sat down on the ground. She pulled off her gloves, running her hands along the mossy ground. “Even people like you and me.” 
“You mean a princess and an orphan?” 
She thought about it. “No, more than that,” she said. “Not just that. More like someone cursed and someone raised by the church. But I guess that’s wrong, too. You’re not a priest. Not yet, anyway.” 
“All of mankind is cursed,” Theo replied easily enough, sitting down next to her. 
“I guess you sound like enough of one it’s easy to forget,” she teased back. She sighed. “It’s not fair.” 
He looked over at her, and not for the first time, felt the pull of her presence. She was beautiful, even as she desperately tried to hide it. He didn’t have the heart to tell her it was a waste of her time. With her chopped hair, the sunlight-kissed locks fluttered playfully, mysteriously; her eyes, as blue as the sky and unfathomable the sea, were framed by thick, sable lashes, and her lips, lips said to shame the reddest of roses, were as expressive and quirky as he knew her mind to be. Yes, he thought, life was not fair, even to the brightest among us. 
Theo knew, having spent his adolescence in the palace, while Rose was angry at the curse placed on her at birth by the wicked fairy Magdalina, it was not the fear of a sleeping death that ailed her so much as the curse of relentless beauty. He smiled, recalling the day when an intended suitor, praising her with a song of her looks, had finally caused her perfected façade to fold. 
Rose caught his smile. “What?” she snapped. 
“I was thinking about the Prince of Crete,” he said. “When he came, and you took his instrument–what was it? A mandolin or something?–and bashed him over the head with it, saying he should be ashamed he’d forgotten to mention how the pearly gates gleamed second only to your smile.”
Rose laughed. “You remember his face? It was so red, I thought he was going to throw up.” 
“He looked like he’d just swallowed some pig slaw,” Theo agreed. “But it was your mother’s face which I still picture the best. She looked like she was going to murder you.” 
Rose giggled. “I guess that’s one upside to Magdalina's curse. It’s not like my mother’s going to get away with murdering me. And neither will anyone else.” 
They fell back into an easy silence for a moment. Then Theo asked, “Is that why you like playing the mercenary knight?” 
“It’s not for just that reason,” Rose assured him. She narrowed her gaze slyly in his direction. “You need the practice, remember?” 
“Oh, I see now.” Theo shook his head, trying to hide his grin. “Here I thought I was getting pretty good at being your squire.” 
“I told you months ago you were good enough to be a Rhonian knight,” Rose reminded him. “Or did you just want to hear me say it again?” 
“No, I wanted to hear you admit I’d beaten you in your battle testing.” Theo smirked. 
“Ha, it’s always a riot with you. But anyway, Sophia’s my official squire now.”
“When she’s not working on your armory.” 
“She likes doing that. And you know blacksmithing is very important to knights like us. She might as well practice and put it to use.” 
“She has been, and probably too much to really get in any knight training with the tournaments and the Eastern Warlord battles we’ve had recently.”
“Which we might not have had to fight at all, if the Lead General hadn’t been so demanding.” Rose squeezed a handful of dirt and watched it slip through her fingers, a mixture of dust and mud. “The people in Greece are already taxed enough. He had some nerve demanding more. Even people like Ethan and Sophia’s family deserve better.” 
Theo nodded. “And you work for it. One way or another.”  
“I like fighting, but I would rather see justice done, whether it’s on the battlefield or in diplomacy,” Rose said. “And if I get paid for it, all the better for us.”
“I know. Since you feel you will never have it for yourself.” 
Rose shrugged. “I guess that’s true. I mean, I know Magdalina wasn’t invited to my party, but it’s not exactly my fault for the war between the humans and the fairies, is it?” 
Theo thought about the Magdust and the fairies who had died as the humans had captured and killed them and the retribution the humans faced. “No, it wasn’t your fault.” 
“It wasn’t fair of her to curse me.” 
“It wasn’t fair of them to kill my family, either,” Theo agreed. 
“When I am Queen of Rhone, we’ll find a way to deal with Magdalina and her magic,” Rose vowed. “I just need to break the curse she placed on me first.” 
“Yes.” A fierce protectiveness surged through him. How the world would change without Rose in it, he thought. How much his own world would change. Despite the fatigue of the journey, a renewed sense of determination wormed its way through Theo. He sighed. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing, or maybe everything. I’ve decided you’re right, so you win this time. We need to get down to Titania’s terrarium and find a way to dispel the curse on you.”
Rose allowed herself a rare moment of hesitation. She thought about how weary their battle finishing off the Eastern Warlord had been, just a few days before, and how tired everyone in the party was, trying to get to the edge of the northern waters of the Aegean. She looked up at Theo, and saw the usual reserves of coolheaded strength, all wrapped up seamlessly in the sharpened angles of his face. He was her rock, the epitome of reason and faith mingled together. She knew he wouldn’t have fought for the time off earlier if he hadn’t thought it needed. 
There was a warm glow that softened in his emerald eyes, as if he could read her thoughts. “It’ll be fine, Rosary. There’s not one of us that hasn’t watched you shoulder someone else’s pain these past four years, regardless of your curse or the amount of time you feel you have. And there’s not one of us who wouldn’t do the same for you, if you will let us.” 
She snorted and turned away, but his kind words struck her heart and brought a slim layer of grateful tears to her eyes.  
“Let’s go get Mary and see if Sophia can rig up a makeshift raft for us. If Ethan can get in on it, all the better. For all his map skills he seems to be more of an architect in the making.” He stood up and reached down a hand for her. 
Her palms felt smooth and strong in his own as he helped her to her feet, allowing Theo to feel the warmth of kinship.
“Okay. I thought I saw a fallen tree down there, by the edge of the forest. Sophia might be able to use that.” Rose grinned. “You’ll really let me win this time? Even against your better judgment? Despite your unconquerable logic?” 
“There’s a good reason you’re ‘Rosary’ to me,” Theo teased, chuckling a bit, yanking playfully at one of her sun-colored locks. “Go get everyone ready while I say my prayers.”














Thank you for reading! Please leave a review for this book and check out www.csjohnson.me for other books and updates!

