




THE ONLY ONE
By
Lynn Achieng’










Copyright © 2019 by Lynn Achieng’.
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems without the written permission from the author, expect for the use of a brief quotations in book review.

Smashwords License Statement
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please visit your favorite eBook retailer to purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 









The Only One
Neighbors-in-love Series
PROLOGUE
Dear Mum,
The problem with giving up is that you have to start something new all over again. I have never been a quitter, I mean; I am one of those people who stick with something until the end no matter how bad. Some might call it loyalty but truthfully I never know when it is the right time to quit.
Have you ever been in a queue in the bank or supermarket and you see the other queue moving faster than the one you are in? The minute you shift lines; the old queue moves while the one you are in stalls. 
I feel like that with my decisions. 
The moment I quit, I realize, hey I was too hasty, I need to go back.
So I never ever quit.
This brings me to this moment today when I just realized the fact that I wasted eight years of my life learning something that I do not love or have any passion for. 
I now get why people say that passion is important because for the past eight years I have felt dead inside. It felt like I was just slipping through life, going through the motions.
I did what others wanted me to do and I failed at it. 
Terribly. 
I know it is stupid to be happy right now because eight years of my life just went down the drain, but I am kind of glad it did. 
It was a wake-up call to stop being a coward and figure out what I want from life. 
A wake-up call to stop letting other people lead my life.
If I want to live my life, I need to take control, I need to do what I think is best for me. 
I might be making a mistake but I do not want to feel trapped for the rest of my life. Giving someone else the reigns over my life makes me feel like I cannot breathe.
I hope you understand my decision to leave. If I stay you may talk me into following the path that I have been on.
I love you so much and this breaks my heart but it is the right thing for me.
                                                                                          With love
                                                                                          Bella.
Bella refused to let her tears fall on the handwritten note as she read it one more time. About halfway through she could not read it anymore, so she folded it in half and placed it where she knew her mum would not miss it. As she raised her bag and flung it over her shoulder, she looked back and gave her childhood home one last look. 
She released a sigh and closed the door behind her. It resounded with a click that seemed so final. 
She was closing the door on people’s expectations of her.
She was closing the door on being a coward.
Though it hurt her heart, it had to be done. A thought crossed her mind for a moment “what if she failed?”
With more determination than she felt she started walking again, well then that would be too bad, but she was sure as hell going to give it her all.




CHAPTER ONE
LIFE, AS A RULE, IS NEVER PREDICTABLE.
You make plans; try to juggle a thousand balls to make those plans a reality, then just one ball drops. And they all come crashing down on you.
That was why he loved computers.
Amid all the chaos of life, they were predictable. You keep one input and the output is always the same every time. Unless you add variables on your input. Variables that you control.
Also, computers do not throw wine on your face in a full restaurant, Damian thought as he looked down at the shirt he had carefully selected an hour ago.
“You have nothing to say for yourself?” The wine thrower who was his girlfriend demanded. Correct that, ex-girlfriend.
He shrugged; he really did not see the point in saying anything. There were no right words in this situation; whatever he says would just piss her off more.
His shrug, it seemed did not help the matter either. 
She looked at him like she wanted to drill holes into his skull and pound some sense directly into his brain.
If this was a cartoon, steam would be billowing from her ears. 
She grabbed the bottle of wine and he sat up straight ready to defend himself if she decided his head was a good target. Instead, she started to stomp towards the door, stopped and stomped back. He tensed again but she picked up her clutch bag that she had apparently forgotten, sent him one scathing look and stomped back out.
He released a breath he did not know he had been holding and looked down at his shirt. 
Well, that went better than expected, he thought.
When the chair Angelica had been occupying scraped back he did not have to look up to know who had taken the seat. Or look up to know that everybody was looking at him. At least it was almost closing time so not so many patrons were in.
He looked up to find his best friend Tom looking at him like he was a curiosity.
“You are going to find somewhere else to break up with your women,” Tom said.
“Not really, I don’t.”
Tom sighed like he did not know why he put up with him. “You are scaring my customers every time.”
Damian shrugged, “It is not really my fault women are dramatic.”
He quirked an eyebrow, “Really?”
He did not answer that because today most of it was his fault. He could not commit to a relationship. He had tried, he really had, but most of the time he got bored with the women he dated.
Maybe he should change his type, he thought.
It was not like he got into relationships hoping they will end in a month or two.
He got into relationships for the long haul.
At first, there was the excitement of getting to know someone new.
 The flirtatious looks and touches. 
Then somehow it just fizzled out. Or he got into a big project at work and forgot he was supposed to be in a relationship. He forgot dates, to return texts or calls.
Some of his dates just faded into the woodworks. They stopped calling or taking his calls when he remembered them. Others like Angelica stuck on. He admired their loyalty but after he realized that it was not really going to work and he ended it.  
He bought them a romantic dinner, dessert and the most expensive wine on the wine list to bury his guilt. Then after dinner, he tried to explain to them why the relationship was not going to work. 
Some left without a word while others like Angelica professed their love for him. When he said nothing, he always ended up with wine on his face. 
He really should stop wearing expensive shirts to dates, he mused.
And he really should stop dating, but he couldn’t even if he tried. He loved the company of women, the cuddling and having someone to talk to. He never slept with a woman until they were three months into their relationship. So far none had gotten to the three-month mark in three years.
Some would say he was pathological like Tom mentioned a couple of times. He liked to think that he was particular. He would know the right woman when he saw her or felt her. 
It was just like computers, the input was either 1 or 0. So far he had only gotten zeros; he was still waiting for The One.
Tom pulled him out of his thoughts when he said, “Any other restaurant and you would have been banned.” 
“I know, it is why I come here.”
“Not that this is the most romantic restaurant in town?”
“That too.” He added as he pushed his chair back and got up.
Tom placed a hand lightly on his and Damian stopped to look at his friend. 
“Hey, you okay?” Tom asked. His concern was etched all over his face.
With a tired sigh, Damian said, “Yeah I am fine. I will see you tomorrow for dinner.”
Tomorrow was Sunday and his mother usually had family over for dinner every Sunday. Tom was considered part of the family as he was the only friend Damian ever had. 
To Tom, Damian was a One on the friendship scale.
Besides Tom and his family, he really had no one.
“Yah I will be there,” Tom said.
Damian nodded then he walked out of the restaurant with dignity. As much dignity as a man who had a red wine stain on the front of his shirt and trouser could master. 
Next time, he was ordering white wine.














CHAPTER TWO
SHE HAD THE NIGHTMARE AGAIN.
It started out as usual.
She was seated on a bed in her old bedroom with two other people she did not know very well. One was a nun while the other person, a man, looked at her with familiarity in his gaze; like he knew her very well.
Somehow she was not alarmed; she knew she was here to donate her eggs. As she sat and waited she looked around the room she loved so much. 
She had taken her time to paint two opposite walls an ocean blue and the two remaining walls a shell white color. She loved how they contrasted and seemed to complement each other at the same time.
Her bed comforter was white with light blue flowers and her polka dot pink and white chair was gorgeous. 
She was still absorbed in her thoughts on how much she loved the room when someone else entered the room. She felt the change in the air. It suddenly felt heavy and dark.
The nun stopped bouncing; the man next to her looked up and held still. 
Bella drew in the suddenly musty air for a fortifying breath before she looked up. The man at the door was handsome. Six feet tall, rugged looks and a smile that said trust me. Yet his eyes seemed dark, evil even. A shiver of fear ran down her spine and she knew something was wrong. Yet she could not move. It was as if she was paralyzed.
“Miriam,” the man called out, “follow me.” His voice was deep, not booming, but definitely commanding. 
Bella watched as the nun scrambled to her feet and she followed the man who had somehow disappeared into the dark. 
The other man who she had come to name Brisk because he was so short moved closer to her.
He smiled at her and she realized that some of his teeth had fallen off and all the remaining teeth were a deep yellow. This was surprising because of the black suit he wore, it seemed expensive and well-tailored. He placed his hand on her wrist and she felt muddy.
She did not know how to describe how the feeling muddy felt like except that she felt like her whole body was caked in mud.
“Do not worry honey, I am here,” he said and that was when the screaming started. At first, she thought it was her but as it grew louder and louder she realized that it must be Miriam.
Brisk patted her shoulder one time, hopped from the bed and walked to the door. Before exiting he gave her a crooked smile that made his teeth seem even more rotten and he said, “I will be back sweet heart.”
Terror gripped her. Even asleep, she felt it from her head to her toes. At first, she sat there motionlessly as the screams kept getting louder and worse. Then almost surreal, she jumped to her feet and headed for the door. She opened the bedroom door and peeked outside, nothing except a line of chickens running for the front door. 
She jumped over a few and when she got to the front door, she stopped surprised. There as a car flying and even though it was dark the sky was not black. Instead, it was a deep dark blue. People were walking about, going on like everything was normal as children played.
They can’t all be out now because it was dark and they should be asleep.
Snapping out of it she started heading out of the door when two pairs of hands pulled her back in. The last thing she saw before she woke up startled was the nun walking away while the back of her veil was filled with blood. 
Seating up straight on the bed, Bella realized that she was drenched in sweat.
So much for starting over and leaving all nightmares behind, she thought as she threw away the bed covers. Getting up, she stripped the bed sheets off her bed and threw those in the basket to wash later.
Five minutes later she had spread clean sheets from her closet on the bed. She replaced the bed covers before padding off to her bathroom.
She took a quick shower and changed into clean checked black and white pajamas trousers and a tank top. She looked at the clock and realized that it was four o’clock in the morning. She sighed when she realized that there was no chance she would fall asleep again. 
Might as well start baking, she thought as she headed towards the kitchenette. She had moved into the studio apartment two days ago and it already felt at home.
Granted, she only had a bed, a cook stove, an oven, and her laptop but she loved it all because it was hers. She pulled out one of her few utensils she owned from the open shelf and placed it on the small kitchen island.
Gathering all her needed ingredients, she started baking in earnest. She loved baking; to her, it was like writing. 
A few hours to lose herself in her little world. A few hours where she was creating something amazing that cannot be tainted by the world.
She had just finished baking her third batch of chocolate chip cupcakes and was putting in the chocolate banana cake into the oven when there was a knock on her door. She stopped for a moment and thought; the nightmare people are here for you.
Stop being ridiculous, she thought as she placed the cake tray all in and closed the oven door. They are not real.
Maybe if she ignored it, they would go away, she thought. The third knock disapproved that notion.
Ooh well, might as well see what they want. She wiped her hand on her apron before she opened the door. She tried to smile friendly at the guy at the other side of the door, “Yes?” she asked.
She still did not know anyone in the building but the fact that he was also in his pajamas hinted he was a neighbor. Nobody walked around long distance in pajamas. 
Except you, a small voice at the back of her head chimed and she chooses to ignore it.




















CHAPTER THREE
DAMIAN LOOKED DOWN AT THE WOMAN WHO WAS ABOUT THREE FEET SHORTER THAN HIM. 
Great, she would fit perfectly under his shoulder as they walked together with his hand around her shoulder, his brain thought. 
Hush brain, not now.
Do not scare her, he thought as he tried to smile sheepishly. 
“I smelled cupcake.” He said like that explained everything.
She raised her eyebrow in a way that conveyed her question, so?
Yah so? His brain chimed in too. If his brain was a person it would be standing beside him and also looking at him like he had lost his mind.
He smiled at that and she looked at him like he was crazy.
Ever since he was a child he was wired differently. When he wanted something he went for it and said exactly what he thought. He never really understood personal boundaries. It did not make sense.
Yah Jackson, if you did not want me to use your rubber you would have just said so. He thought back to his pre-unit friend who had thrown a hissy fit because Damian used his favorite rubber. To be fair to Jackson, Damian had used the rubber then taken it home with him. It had been a really good rubber.
His mother had sat him down and tried to explain to him what was acceptable to society. He had not taken home anything that was not his again. At least he had tried not to. Hell, an addict was allowed one or two slip-ups.
When his alarm had gone off this morning, he got up to prepare for work. That was when it hit him. 
The smell of freshly baked cake.
The first thought that had popped into his head was, I want.
Before he could think about it, he was locking his door behind him and knocking on her door. As she looked up at him confused, his brain said again, I want.
Hush brain, do not be greedy, one thing at a time.
“Can I have some?” he asked after getting his voice back.
After a moment, she said, “I do not even know you.” Her voice was like warm honey. Warm, heavy and soothing.
His brain went again, I really want.
Hush brain, I am trying to have a conversation here.
“I am your next door neighbor,” he pointed towards his door right across from hers. “I just woke up and the cake you are baking smells really good I had to come to ask for some.”
She looked at him as if she was contemplating something. After taking another moment she said, “Give me a minute let me get you some.”
She was not gone long.
When she opened the door again she held out a plate with six cupcakes on it, “they look so delicious.” He said as he took the plate.
Yah, she looks so delicious, his brain chimed in.
Hush.
“Thank you,” she said with a smile that lit up her whole face.
Damn, he was screwed, he thought.
She was a One.
She was The One he had been waiting for.
His One.
No more zeros.
The thought made him smile as he said, “welcome.”
What he really wanted to do was run his hand down her cheeks to see if her skin was as soft as it looked.
Surely it was not, no one’s skin could be that perfect.
“Well, I will see you around,” she said with a lame wave before closing the door on his face.
She needs me, she just doesn’t know it yet, he thought as he stared at the door with a smile.
That smile stayed with him as he took a shower and dressed for work.
It grew even wider after he tasted her cupcakes that could only be described as orgasmic.
Damn the woman could bake.
It was Tom who popped the cherry of his happiness.
He always passed through Tom’s restaurant on his way to work. That early they were not open yet so they always had fifteen minutes of quiet time before he headed to work and Tom went to deal with the staff.
Damian always admired his friend Tom for opening his own restaurant, running it well and making it a success.
Personally, he would run a business down to the ground in a day or two, so he never tried or had any desire to open one. 
He loved his job. 
Everyone at work understood that he was eccentric so they left him alone most of the time. Some had tried to be his friend over time but their efforts had failed spectacularly. He was way too honest with them. 
He had Tom; he did not need any more friends. Tom was his One.
His boss understood that he was the best and he never slacked at work. In fact, the boss would say he was the most dedicated but Tom just loved a challenge. He could not sleep until a challenge was complete.
By solving the company’s most challenging problems, he was left alone.
 Head hunters had approached him, but he was content, so he was staying put. No promises of more money would lure him away. He had enough of that to last him a lifetime. 
WorldTech was his 1.
1 or 0 he understood.
Back to Tom who was busy popping his happiness cherry with logic. “Do you even know her name?” To this question, Damian did not answer.
“Have you ever spent more than two minutes with her?” Damian glared at Tom who had looked at him doubtfully as soon as he announced that he had found The One.
“What if she is married?”
Damian brightened at that question because he knew the answer to that. 
“No, she is not.” She did not have a ring on her left-hand finger. 
Tom gave him the look parents give kids who refuse to understand that a simple one plus one is two.
“Hey, you do not have to be worried. I will get to know her first.”
“I would surely hope so.”
He added under his breath, “Before I marry her.” Tom heard that and dropped his coffee on the table and it spilled everywhere.
As it splattered and spilled everywhere Damian thought that Tom was being a tad bit dramatic.

CHAPTER FOUR
SHE HAD NOT CALLED HER MUM SINCE SHE LEFT THE LETTER A WEEK AGO.
At first, she wandered around looking for a house to live in.
She told herself she was too busy to buy a phone. 
So she had stalled. 
She had bought a bed, mattress, and beddings but the store she bought them from had no phones.
She saw that as fate.
She bought an oven and kitchen utensils, no phone on sale there too. 
Also fate.
But now it was time, she thought with dread.
She sat on the bed fully dressed and imagined the look of disappointment on her mum’s face as she read the letter. Then her mum would panic because she did not know where her baby was. 
Knowing her mum, she had probably tried to file a missing person’s report; severally.
She felt bad for putting her mum through that. She had felt it was hard to explain face to face to her mum that she was never practicing engineering.
She just imagined the conversation like, “Hey mama, you know how for the past eight years you have been paying my fees to study and practice electrical engineering? Well, I do not want to do that, instead, I want to stay home, write and bake.”
That was as bad as saying you want to design and sell socks.
Her mum did not believe in passion and talent, those two attributes are left to singing cows and mating dogs.
She taught them to be self-reliable and work for better, but through paths, others had gone through and succeeded at.
She had been a straight A student, so naturally, she had to go into engineering or medicine. Her talents took a back burner.
What she had learned though was that she did not enjoy engineering. Every time a teacher taught all she heard was a quack quack quack quack.
Enough stalling, she thought as she got on her feet.
Ten minutes she was back home looking at the phone she just bought. 
Maybe if she looked at it long enough it would disappear. 
Two minutes later it was still there.
Damn, this sucked.
She hated being the bearer of bad news. Case in point she had run away to a whole new town to avoid confrontation.
You would say she lacked courage but she saw it as self-preservation. 
After all, cowards live longer; she wanted to live a very long time.
With a resigned sigh, she opened the phone’s package. She took her time unwrapping it. Not to preserve the covers but to delay the inevitable. 
She dialed her mother’s number and almost flinched as it began ringing. It rang three times before she heard her mother’s voice over the speaker. 
“Hello,” her mama answered, she sounded tired.
Bella felt like her heart was caged on her throat. She tried to speak and no words came out.
“Hello,” her mama repeated.
Finally, Bella spoke up, “Hello mama.”
There was a loud silence; she almost thought her mama had hung up. But she heard her breathing. 
This conversation was especially hard because her mama had raised her and her brother as a single parent. She worked really hard for them to have a better life. 
Damn, she was an ass-hat.
Maybe, she should pack up and go back home, but this was her chance. She was not giving it up. Not without a fight.
“Hey mama, you still there?”
Despite the fact that she was twenty-six and very capable of taking care of herself, her mum still saw her as a baby.
Guess you never outgrow being a child to your mother. You may be eighty-six years old and toothless with twenty grandchildren, but she would still scold you to wash your hands before eating.
Her mother’s voice almost seemed to catch a bit, “hey baby. You okay?”
That moment, tears she did not know she had been holding started falling. “Yah mama I am fine.” She answered despite the annoying tears.
“Where are you?” she could not tell her that unless she wanted her mama to arrive at her doorstep in ten minutes.
“I am fine mama,” she repeated. “Are you okay?” She asked instead.
“How can I be okay when I do not know where my baby is,” yeah she had just walked right into that one. Her mother had decided to guilt trip her now.
She sighed, “Mama I need to do this.”
Her mother surprised her by saying, “I know, just tell me you are okay.”
“I am okay.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Write and bake.” She had a much more elaborate plan but she was not going to get into it right now.
“If that is what makes you happy,” her mama said. Bella knew there was a catch before her mother even spoke. 
There was always a catch.
“One year.” Her mama said.
“One year?” Bella asked.
“Yeah, one year then you have to come back home and apply for engineering jobs.”
“One year,” Bella said as she mulled it over. That was more time than she thought she would be given. “Okay, one year.”
Her mama rushed to add like she thought Bella would hang up, “You keep your phone on and tell me your address.”
Bella looked around her house; she was not ready for her mum yet.
“I will keep my phone on and you can reach me at any time. Give me a little time before you come to visit.”
“Deal,” her mum would have made a great lawyer. “But make it soon.”
“Okay,” Bella said, she better make it soon or her mum would track her phone. She could not put it past her.
“Do you have enough money? I can send you some.”
“I am fine mama.”
She sighed, “You are just as stubborn as your papa.”
To that statement, Bella did not know what to say. 
There was silence between them, then her mother said, “you could come back home and we could forget all this ever happened.”
Bella did not answer.
After a moment her mother said, “I had to try.”
Tears that had disappeared came back, she said, “I love you, mama. You are the best mama ever.”
“I love you too baby. Take care and if you need anything call me, the door is always open.”
She nodded even when she knew her mama could not see her, “I will mama.”
She had just hung up from mama when her phone rang.
She knew who it was without answering the call. Since her mother was the only person with her number, it was probably her brother calling. Probably to try to talk some sense into her.
She did not need any more guilt so she ignored it. When the call ended she texted her brother.
                         I am fine, talk later.
That would keep him away for one night. 
She threw the dreadful phone softly on the bedroom carpet and flopped onto the bed. She had one year to have a successful writing career or go back to engineering.
She hit the pillow and then groaned.
She was screwed.




CHAPTER FIVE
THAT WAS HOW THE KNOCK ON THE DOOR FOUND HER, ONE HOUR LATER.
She was still lying there contemplating her fate when there was a knock on the door. 
Even without getting up to go answer the door, she knew he was back. Nobody else knew where she lived and none of her neighbors had felt the need to introduce themselves. 
She still had her reservation about the way he had knocked on her door this morning. She did not know what to think about that and frankly, she was too tired and an emotional wreck to even start right now.
The second knock got her on her feet and by the third knock, she was pulling the door open, irritated. 
Come on did he have to knock so many times, maybe she did not want to open the door or see anyone.
“What?” She snapped.
He raised his hands up as if in surrender and took a step back. This looked ridiculous because he was holding a plate in one hand. 
It was the plate she had given him this morning with cake on it. He had even cleaned it. 
That simple act made her bad mood go down a notch.
“I was just returning your plate. I guess this was a bad time,” he said, stretching out the plate to her.
He was just being neighborly and she was being a bitch.
Now feeling contrite she said, “Ooh thanks.” She took the plate and they just stood there looking at each other awkwardly.
“You okay?” He asked and that was when she realized that she had been staring at him. How could she not look? He was handsome but not in the classic cliché kind of handsome. More like the kind of handsome you take a moment to notice. When you notice, the need to kiss his lips hits you like a sledgehammer to the head. Which was totally ridiculous. 
At his question, she shook herself out of the stupor she had been in, “Yeah I am fine. Why do you ask?”
“It seems like you have been crying,” he said. “Your eyes are puffy.”
Great now everyone could see that she had been crying.
She could just imagine how she looked with her clothes all wrinkled and her eyes all red and puffy. 
She was not someone who put too much stock on how she looked, but everyone wants to give a good first impression. Or a second impression.
Especially to a guy she wanted to kiss. Were his lips as soft as it looked? Does he kiss fast and hard or does he take time to savor the connection? Her ex-boyfriend’s lips had been hard which was not bad but they did not give her something to nibble. 
How would her neighbor's lips feel when he went down on her. Loving and lapping at her there until she came. 
Shifting awkwardly to alleviate the pain that had suddenly taken resident in the lower pit of her stomach, she drew in a deep breath.
He smiled at her smugly like he knew exactly what she was thinking.
He took a step forward and she cautiously took a step back without even realizing she was doing it. 
She did not have time to explore whatever was going on here. 
Come on, she had just met the man. For all she knew he was an ax murderer or a budding serial killer. 
She also did not understand her attraction to him. Usually, it took more than a pretty face and kissable lips to get her motor running. 
“No, no, I am fine,” she said at last. It seemed like they had been standing there looking at each other for hours. In reality, it must have been seconds.
“You wanna grab some dinner with me?” He asked. “I have an in on the best restaurant in town.”
Her mind said no.
Her lips were supposed to say no instead she said, “I am not looking to date right now.”
He smiled innocently, “It will be just a get to know your neighbor dinner.”
She smiled and pointed at the door to the left of his, “So we can invite other neighbors too?”
He mock shivered, “No, Davie will probably eat me out of the restaurant.”
At that, she laughed. It felt so good to laugh; ever since she had made the decision to leave home her heart had felt heavy. 
“So what do you think? Want to get to know me?” He asked smiling, “I do not bite.” He added but the tone of his voice made her doubt that.
He knew she knew he was lying about the last part but instead of assuring her, he just smiled and added, “Yet.”
If he was someone else she would have bitch slapped him already, but the words from his mouth sent delicious shivers down her spine.
That was why she should say no. He was too much of a temptation. She should close the door on his face and go back to brooding. 
Yet he had made her laugh.
She needed to laugh some more.
That was the only reason she said yes, not because his eyes twinkled when he was amused. 
“Give me ten minutes to throw on something better.”
His eyes raked up her body, from her toes to her head leaving tingles of awareness in their wake. “But you look great,” he said, his voice suddenly huskier.
He was so adorable.
“Fifteen minutes,” she said, and then she closed the door. Did she really have anything to wear for this date, non-date? Was she even supposed to be doing this? She had so much to do.
Just then her phone rang; it was her brother calling again.
She felt the heavy feeling sneaking back in.
With a surge of determination she faced her closet, she was going to have one night of fun before coming back to face her future.













CHAPTER SIX
“My name is Damian,” Damian said as he took a sip of white wine. It was not the particular brand he enjoyed but since he had a knack for pissing women off, he was not taking any chances.
She looked confused for a moment probably because it had not dawned on her that up to this point they had not exchanged names. Then she smiled, the candlelight from the candles on the table threw just the right shade of light across her face. 
He was so entrenched that when she started speaking he did not hear what she said. Thank God he was good at reading lips and he watched her mouth as they formed the words, “Isabella.
He wanted to say the hell with it, drag her out of the restaurant and kiss the hell out of her. Taste her lips. He’d bet she tasted like dark chocolate as it melted on your tongue.
Or like the first cup of coffee in the morning.
Instead, he repeated, “Isabella.” He liked it. It suited her.
“My friends call me Bella,” she added.
He smiled, “I am your friend.”
She gestured towards their table which was now full of empty plates. Those plates had once carried their pasta and the best tomato sauce he had ever had. But he said that every time he came into Tom’s restaurant.
When they had arrived, he had pulled out the chair for her and made sure she was comfortable before he took a seat himself. 
He had requested to order for her since he knew the menu like the back of his hands. He did not want to seem presumptuous. 
She had said yes and he was glad she was not a peakish eater. She devoured her whole meal and more than once he had stopped to eat and watched her enjoy her meal.
He got half-mast watching her lick her fork like it was the best thing she ever tasted.
He got hard when she groaned after tasting the meatballs. He could imagine one part of him that would be glad to receive the kind of attention she was paying that meat. 
She said, “Of course we are friends.”
Her voice was so soft it felt like it was wrapping itself around his heart. 
He did not want to be just her friend, but for now, he would let it go.
For now.
He did not want to spook her.
This scenario reminded him of a documentary he saw of a lion hunting an antelope. The lion did not spook the antelope. It moved slowly, gracefully through the grass until the lion had the upper hand, then it pounced.
Damian did not have the upper hand, yet.
Although he wanted to eat her. 
His mouth almost watered as he imagined how she would taste between her legs. 
Lapping, licking, savoring every moment of it.
He got hard again thinking about it so he shifted a bit on the chair.
Patience.
He could be patient.
So he smiled and said, “Yah.” Then he asked, “Did you like your dinner?”
He really did not have to ask but he had to take his mind off how she would taste.
“Yeah, it was great.”
Damn that voice, he felt his heart constrict a little.
“That’s great.”
“How did you find this place?”
No need telling her that this is the place you break up with girls buddy, his mind chooses that moment to chine in.
He grimaced then pushed that thought aside.
“A friend of mine owns the place.”
No need telling her he is your only friend, his helpful mind chimed in again.
His mind could be a little bitch sometimes.
She looked around, “He has a great place.”
He beamed with pride, “He really does. He was so proud of Tom’s accomplishments. “Maybe I can introduce you sometime.”
She smiled softly and all he could think about was how good her lips would taste.
He shifted in his seat again.
Here he was turning into a regular pervert around her. Every small gesture she made, made him think of how good she would feel.
Maybe three years was a long time to go without intimately knowing a woman.
Thing is, before she came into his life with her sinfully delicious cupcakes, he had been fine. 
One look at her and all he was thinking of was her on her back screaming his name with that sinful voice as she came.
He really needed to get a grip before he embarrassed them both. 
Fresh air; that was what he needed.
Pulling a couple of bills off his wallet, he settled the bill. When she protested about her half, he reminded her that he was the one who had invited her. He winked and told her that she would get the bill when she invited him out. He hoped she understood that he really wanted to go out with her again. Sometime soon.
He was thankful for his jacket as he pulled it on. Tom always teased him that it was too long but today it suited him just fine.
Take that Tom, he thought with a smirk. Ladylike jacket my ass.
As they left he subconsciously placed his hand at the back of her waist. She did not pull away, in fact, she leaned in closer.
He smiled.
He liked this.
He could get used to the feeling of her warm body pressed against his as they walked.











CHAPTER SEVEN
BAKING IS LIKE MAKING LOVE WITH THE GODS. 
It is so sensual with the right amount of edge and full of passion. 
That was what Isabella thought each time she baked. 
It was not just about mixing the flour and sugar; it was about knowing just the right proportion. Go above and the cake is hard and too sweet, go below and it is just bland.
She did not do bland. 
The act itself demanded attention. When you hit just the right spot over and over again, the result is an orgasmic and sinful dessert that just melts on your tongue. 
That was why Isabella loved it so much. Baking and writing ranked up there on things to do every day for her. That was why, even if her mama did not agree, she had to give this a shot.
Being given a year to make it work did not cause her to panic.
It terrified her.
The gravity of the situation did not hit her that night after the date. On that night she came back home and fantasized about Damian. 
Mostly she fantasized about the last portion of the night where he walked her home. At the door, he leaned in close like he was about to kiss her. She knew it was wrong. How could she be attracted to him after knowing him just a day? How could she kiss him after one date and that was not even a real date? But God did she want to kiss him so bad.
So when she felt his warm breath on her face, she leaned in close. He did not kiss her though, just ran his hand across her cheeks gently. Everywhere he touched seemed like an explosion of tiny twinkles. She wanted more, so she leaned in closer. He cupped her face with his hand and moved even closer. She was not sure how that was possible. 
Then he whispered, “Bella, look at me,” His voice was gravelly, filled with an emotion she could only describe as want. When she looked up, his eyes were filled with such raw desire it almost made her gasp. But instead, she released a breathless sigh.
“Damn, I really want to kiss you.” He said in that gravelly voice filled with desire that made her tingle all over. 
Before she asked what he was waiting for he seemed to gain back his control. He kissed her on the forehead and said, “Not yet.”
Before she knew what was happening, he had hustled her into opening her door. Before she closed the door he kissed her forehead again like he could not help himself. After he whispered goodnight and he was off to his door but he did not open until she was safe inside.
After that, she went through the motions.
Take a shower.
Brush teeth.
Get into bed.
She had fallen asleep to the memory of the warmth of his gaze and the touch of his lips to her skin. 
So no, the gravity of the situation did not hit her then. It hit her the next day when she woke up. There was a moment there when she opened her eyes that she was happy. But it was just a moment then it was gone. Happiness was replaced by the gripping terror that she had to succeed. 
So she did the only logical thing she could, she ignored her troubles and baked up a storm.
Bella was not surprised to hear the knock on her door. She smiled despite herself. 
Instead of singing my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard maybe she should sing my cupcakes bring all the boys to the yard. My God, she was cheesy.
With that cheery thought, she went to open the door. 
When she saw him standing there, dressed for work grinning foolishly at her the first thought that hit her was how much she had missed him. The thought was ridiculous so she shook it off. But she could not stop the grin that spread across her face.
“Hae,” he said after a moment of studying her. It was like he was taking her in. His eyes twinkled with merriment like he was really happy to see her.
“Hae yourself,” she answered as she unconsciously stepped aside to let him in.
He took a moment at the door and looked around her sparsely furnished house. At first, she was nervous about how he would react but she shrugged it off. It was hers, she had earned it.
“Great place,” he said after a moment. She beamed, she really shouldn’t but she couldn’t help herself.
“Thanks,” She said as she moved past him. She went to the kitchen counter and then held out a tin she had pre-packed with some cupcakes for him.
 He took it with a happy smile and tucked it into his laptop bag. “Thanks, I am fast becoming addicted to your cupcakes.” Then he added, “And to you.”
She felt her heart melt into a gooey puddle, “Thanks,” she said when she finally got her voice back; “I tried to mix in all the flavors.”
He answered as he moved closer to her, “I know they are delicious.”
Then he did something unexpected, he pulled her close and hugged her. 
At first, she did not know how to respond but he held on. She relaxed and felt herself melt into him. She intertwined her hands on his lower back and moved in closer. Her breast melded against his chest.
He released a content sigh and that moment she knew that she needed his hug. They did not speak, just held each other until he pulled away slightly to look down at her. She missed the contact.
“See you tonight,” he said and she just nodded yes. She was unable to speak at the moment.
She did not realize they were holding hands until they got to the door and he had to let go so he could head to work.
She felt his reluctance as he released her hand but he did not move immediately. He took a moment to look at her.
“I will miss you today,” he said and then he was gone.
She closed the door and leaned heavily on it.
This was such a bad idea.














CHAPTER EIGHT
SHE WAS TRYING TO AVOID HIM.
That was the only explanation that made sense to him. He got home from work to find a note slipped under his door. Even before he read the first words he knew it was from Bella. It had a flowery scent unique to her, like sunshine and rainbows. This was crazy because he had never sniffed either of those.
He smiled.
Then he read the note and his smile disappeared.
Hey Damian,
I can’t do this.
Bella. 
Dang, he knew she was scared but it still stung a bit. This morning when they hugged he had felt just how perfect they were together. He knew she felt it too. Not exactly what he felt but she had felt something.
He was not good at deducing emotions and he avoided them like a plague most of the time. But the way she leaned into him showed more than words. He thought it was the first small step in the right direction. Damn.
Tom owned a restaurant so he understood people better.
He, on the other hand, understood numbers and he trusted his gut on people. At first glance, he knew who he would click with and who he would not. 
From the first moment Bella opened her door he knew she was The One. Hell before she opened the door he had a sense. He could not explain his gut but it worked so he did not question it.
 And he had been right about her. 
They were perfect together.
He knew that she did not feel the intensity yet but he was giving her time. He was not going to give up on her.
Yet he knew he needed guidance on how to proceed.
He would go over to the restaurant, but it was evening, that meant it was peak hours. He did not want to take up a whole table just to ask some questions.
So he pulled his phone from his back pocket and dialed the restaurant’s number. He was sure Tom’s phone was wedged somewhere in the office. The man rarely knew where his phone was. 
The maître answered on the first ring, “Saffron hotel how may I help you.” Tom ran a very tight ship, the customer service was exceptional.
“Hey Diane, can you tell Tom I am looking for him,” Diane knew him because it was not the first time he called. She was a nice lady and he had seen her around the hotel severally.
He always waved or nodded at her, but beyond him asking for Tom they never really talked. He did not understand human emotion much and he did not want to. 
Except Bella’s. 
He really wanted to understand her.
“I will,” Diane never disappointed him.
“Thank you,” he said before hanging up.
Ten minutes later his phone rang and he answered without looking at the caller ID.
“I need help understanding women,” he said.
Tom chuckled, “Well get in line.” Damian did not hear much of a background racket which meant that Tom was in his office.
Damian sat down with a sigh and placed his hand on his face, and then he said, “I just do not understand.”
He could still hear the smile in Tom’s voice as he asked, “What don’t you understand.”
So he told Tom about the amazing dinner he had yesterday with Bella. The almost kiss he had not stopped thinking about since. How he felt when he was around her. She was easy to talk to and her smile almost knocked him on his ass. He told him about the hug this morning and the note he found under his door. 
Tom was silent all through then finally he said, “Maybe it was too fast for her, you only met yesterday.”
The headache that had been pounding at the back of his head since he opened the note got worse.
“You think?” He asked silently because he did not want it to be true.
“Yeah buddy,” Tom sighed, “I know how you feel when you meet someone that your gut tells is right. Hell, you almost kidnapped me,” at the thought of how they had met, they both chuckled.
When he saw Tom drinking coffee at the café he frequented, he knew they would be good friends. Damian had never seen him before at the café so he knew the odds of seeing him again were narrow.
He forgot about his coffee order, sat down on the extra seat at Tom’s table and told him they were going to be best friends.
Now Damian said, “I was right.”
“Yah, but I am a guy, such a thing does not fly with women. With women, you have to be more delicate.” 
“Delicate,” he repeated like he did not understand the meaning of the word.
Off course he understood the meaning; he was just not sure how to apply it.
“Yah delicate,” Tom repeated. After a moment of thought, he added, “You know how when you write code you cannot just jump to the end? You have to write the middle stuff for it to work.”
Damian perked up. The code he understood. “How do I do that exactly?”
Tom chuckled again, “Hell if I know. If you find out how a woman’s brain works you can write a book and make a fortune from all men.”
Damian swore and Tom hung up the phone laughing. 
This situation needed more research, he thought as he got up.
After two hours of research, all he came up with was chocolate and flowers.
Chocolate and flowers he could do.
Giving her space and distance he was not so sure about.















CHAPTER NINE
SHE NEEDED HER BEST FRIEND.
When she had slipped the note under his door, her heart was pounding. Even though she knew it was during the day and he was still at work she was scared someone would see her. And think she was a crazy stalker or even some sales person who slips fliers under people’s doors.
When she heard his door open, she pressed her ear to the door to listen. If he missed the note she might have to talk to him again and she was not sure she was strong enough for that. 
When he stopped at the door for a moment, she knew that he had found it. Her heart pounding started again as she imagined him reading the note.
With her ear pressed against the door desperately trying to listen in on Damian, it hit her; she needed her best friend.
Someone she could talk to who would give her perspective on this situation because her heart was jumbled up. She could not think straight.
Getting her phone she dialed the numbers she knew by heart and on the third ring, Hailey answered. She sounded hurried and Bella guessed that she was on her way home from work.
Yes, that was what happened when you choose a course that takes seven years, your friends get jobs while you have no idea what to do with your life.
Pushing that thought to the back of her mind she answered Hailey’s hurried hello with, “Hey Hailey it’s me.”
She did not have to say who she was, Hailey knew her voice. They met in high school when they were paired up to be desk mates and since then they were best friends. Together they went through the system by waking up at dawn, laughing as teachers taught and eating really bad school food. To this day she was not sure how she was able to stomach some of that food. Apparently, when you are hungry you will eat anything placed before you.
There was a moment silence, and then Hailey said in a rational voice, “Let me call you back.” She knew that a lecture was soon coming up, but she did not blame her friend. One did not just up and leave there life without any sort of explanation. That was not how it was done.
 It took an hour for Hailey to call back but when she did she did not waste time on pleasantries she just said, “Explain.” Considering that Hailey was a lawyer it made sense that she would be brisk and demanding.
“I ran away from home.”
She could almost hear her friend roll her eyes at her through the phone, “I gathered that from the thousand and one phone calls I received from your mother and brother.”
She winced, “sorry about that.” Her family can be persistent when they wanted to be. They probably did not believe Hailey when she said she did not know where Bella was.
Hailey sighed, “it’s okay, I was just worried about you. Why did you not tell me about it?”
“It kind of just happened.” Bella was sure Hailey did not get it; Hailey was always the practical and logical one of the two of them. If something did not add up to the desired result she did not do it. Bella, on the other hand, followed her heart more times that she could count. She had tried following logic and reason but it had left her feeling empty and lost, hence the one year to try and rediscover herself.
Hailey laughed, “You were always a free spirit. If I do that I am sure my dad would track me down and bring me back kicking and screaming.”
Hailey’s dad was a badass former army general who loved Hailey to death but had a very low tolerance for bullshit or “childish acts.” He and Hailey’s mum had divorced in an ugly divorce that dragged on for years. Bet that was what happened when two very passionate people collide. There is an explosion. Yet through all that, they loved Hailey and tried to protect her best they could. Hailey’s mum was a well-known artist and sometimes Bella and Hailey wondered what they saw in each other. An army man and an artist did not seem to fit well. One was about control while the other was about letting fate take control. No wonder they combusted. What was really interesting though was the fact that the divorce happened over twelve years ago and none of them had remarried or been in a long term relationship.
Bella said, “Yah I decided to go find myself, I am surprised my mum did not rope your dad into finding me.”
Hailey laughed again, “Ooh trust me she tried, they were giving you one more day before tracking down your credit card or hiring a private detective if the police did not do anything. They held meetings in your mother’s kitchen over some tea and her brownies. Bet my dad was just there for your mum’s brownies.”
Bella chuckled, her mum’s brownies were amazing, “whose idea was it to introduce them to each other and make us family friends?”
“There’s,” Hailey answered and they both laughed. 
During the first school holiday, both parents decided they had to meet before they allowed their children to hang out together. Since then Bella’s mum had kept a healthy relationship with both Hailey’s mum and dad. Separately of course. 
After a moment Hailey asked, “You okay?”
“Yah I am fine,” she debated it for a second then added, “Actually I wanted to talk to you about something.  So I met this guy.”
Hailey said, “Ulala continue.”
Bella grinned, “Get your head out of the gutter it is not like that.” Then she proceeded to tell Hailey everything about Damian and her misgivings on the situation. “He is really nice but right now I do not have time for a relationship. I have to give writing my all if I am going to make it.”
Hailey said, “Remember that time in high school you stopped eating or showering for a day that you were studying for an exam?”
Bella knew where Hailey was heading with this but she was a little apprehensive, “yes.”
“What happened?”
“I failed.”
“What happens each time you concentrate too hard on an exam or at anything?”
“I get anxious and confused.” Bella smiled, “You are really good at making someone answer their own questions.”
Hailey giggled, “I am a lawyer, all I am trying to say is, give the guy a chance, maybe he will be the distraction you need when you are not working. To help you get out of your head. The worst that can happen is you be successful and find someone to share your success with.”
“Or fail and be broken hearted.”
“I know your writing; it is amazing you are not going to fail.”
Her faith in her made Bella’s heart squeeze a bit, “Thanks babe.”
“You are welcome and if he breaks your heart we can always cut off his legs in your next book.”
At that Bella laughed again, it felt so good to be laughing again with her friend. Hailey put her on speaker phone and they talked for several hours as she changed out of her work clothes and prepared dinner.
When they were finally disconnected, Bella felt better about everything, no matter what happened in a year she still has her foundation of family and Hailey. Even Hailey’s parents in a weird complicated manner. 
Her phone chimed and she read the text from Hailey if you disappear again I will hunt you down and you will not like me very much. Love you, babe.
A second text came in almost immediately; keep me updated on hot stuff.
Bella smiled.



CHAPTER TEN
She really should have not introduced her mother to Hailey’s father, was the first thought Bella had when she opened her door to find her brother, Felix, staring down at her.
He had always been older and taller than her but when they were younger he had always been scrawny. Ever since Hailey’s dad had helped him get into the army Felix had bulked up and used those newly gained muscles to intimidate her sister and all her dates.
Now as he looked down at her, his face set in a grim line he said, “Nice to see you again kiddo.”
She hated that nickname and he knew it. It reminded her of all those times when she was young and he used to terrorize her. His list of practical jokes to test out on the young sister was endless. Given that they were only two kids and she was smaller she did not have another sibling to back her up. But she always got him back. What she had learned from a young age was that if she gave her brother an edge he would run with it. That had applied to all her other relationships growing up, give a guy an edge and they ran with it. You give back as good as you get. 
Maybe that was why she was still single. 
Forcing a smile she replied, “Nice to see you too, how did you find me?”
Even as she asked the question, the answer seemed so obvious. They had tracked her phone.
She should have taken lessons from those Jason Bourne movies and removed her battery from the phone when she was not using it. How many movies did she have to watch to learn not to mess with the military?
He did not even have the decency to answer her so she said, “You can be arrested for tracking someone’s phone you know.”
“Yah I do,” he said then muscled his way into her house when it became obvious she was not going to invite him in.
She did not know why people wished to have siblings; they could be such a pain in the ass.
She had been baking when he knocked. Ever since she got here she was doing more baking than writing, which was weird because she wanted to be a writer, not a baker.
When she tried to write the cursor on her word document just blinked at her.
So far she had not come up with a single story idea or plot that would be worth writing about. Her plan was to write a six book series in one year and then next year she would spend marketing and selling them. The first book would be free so that people would read and know that she was good at writing. The next books she would sell at an affordable price and hopefully, that would launch her career as a romance writer.
Problem was that she had written nothing, nobody paid to read nothing.
As she closed the door behind her and turned to look at her brother, she took a fortifying breath. She might be failing but there was no need for him to know that.
If he so much as learned that her plan was faulty, he would be dragging her home with him.
“Mama knows you’re here?” she asked. She had expected them to arrive at the same time. Just not this soon. She had to find a way to get him to leave immediately.
He shook his head no as he took one of the cupcakes she had been making and started peeling back the cover.
He was not a man of many words.
And it was making her nervous.
She took another fortifying breath and went to sit on the only other stool on the kitchen island. He was occupying the other stool which was not so big and since he was built he seemed like he might topple over at any time.
The thought of her six-foot-tall masculine brother falling over with a stool made her smile a bit. As if he knew what she was thinking of he just glared at her. Which made her smile brighter. 
“What were you thinking?” He finally asked when he finished his cupcake.
No need pretending she did not know what he was talking about, “That I needed to follow my own dreams. You of all people should understand.”
When he turned eighteen her brother had left to join the military despite her mum’s protest.
“Yah but I sat down with mum and Hailey’s dad and we discussed before I left. You just up and left.” Those were the most words her brother had spoken to her in a while.
She knew her brother loved her, it was just that lately he was more lost in his world than in there’s. He was not the same happy carefree fresh boy who joined the army at eighteen. She understood the army changed people; she just missed her carefree brother sometimes.
She missed the brother who taught her how to ride a bicycle.
She missed the brother who hung out with her when her date did not show up. Thinking of which maybe it was Felix who had scared them off.
She shrugged, “You would not understand.”
He rolled his eyes, “You were always dramatic.”
She rolled her eyes back at him and then smiled. “As you can see I am fine.”
Felix took the time to look around at her sparsely furnished apartment; she did not even have a sofa. She reminded herself that she did not care what anyone thought. This was her place. But she knew deep down that she wanted her brother to like her place. His and mama’s approval meant everything to her. Maybe that was why she had left the letter instead of sticking around because she knew that their opinion mattered. If they had told her to stay she would have stayed then ended up hating them later. It was better to do and face any consequences later when she was in too deep and they could not extract her.
Damn, she should have moved out further. 
Or she should have moved into an underground tunnel with no cell coverage.
 Again she regretted introducing Hailey’s dad to her mum, this whole situation would have been avoided.
Finally, he said, “Better than I thought it would be.”
It was not a glowing recommendation or approval but she would take it. He looked back at her then said, “Bella.” Ooh ooh, she knew that tone so she looked up, “Are you okay?”
There was the brother she loved and knew, he always found a way to take care of everybody. She nodded yes.
“Are you sure you know what you are doing?”
A lump formed on her throat and she was not sure she could speak so she shook her head no but added quickly, “I will figure it out.”
The determination she had must have shown in her eyes because after a moment he just nodded and got up from his stool.
It took more grace than she thought he had but he did not fall off the stool.
He walked to the door and opened it; at the door, he removed his wallet, counted out a few notes, and left them on the basket that hangs by the door.
“I will be back next week,” he said and just as he had appeared he disappeared.
She closed the door with a sigh.
No need arguing with him, he would be back whether she wanted him to or not.
And she knew at the first sign she was falling apart he was drugging her home.
Now apart from the looming deadline she had her own personal guard dog.
Great, just great.
That did not mount the pressure in any way.
She took out her phone and texted Hailey, guess who was here.
A minute later Hailey texted back; Ooh boy. 
Hailey and Felix never got along ever since they were introduced that first holiday. Every time they were in the same room they always seemed to irritate the hell out of each other, finding ways to make fun of the other.
Another text from Hailey came in right after that, I will find a way to run interference.
Bella smiled, it was going to be one interesting year.
Her smile was wiped off her face by the next text, see you next week kiddo.
She rolled her eyes as if she could forget.
Might as well find the edge now so she texted back, See you in two weeks. Or you might run into closed doors.
No need explaining that if he came back next week he won’t find her at home or she might not open the door for him.
He understood.
His next text showed just how much, see you in two weeks, call me tonight.
That meant she had to check in every evening now, but that was better than him dropping in every week or dragging her home.
When will her family understand that she was all grown up?
The next text from her mum proved that she will be waiting for a long time for that to happen.




CHAPTER ELEVEN
As Damian opened the door and found Bella on his front door he understood that there was actually a God.
He had been raking his head on how to approach her and here she was standing on his front door. Like a gift dropped straight from heaven. 
Without thinking about it, he opened his hands and pulled her in for a hug. He hugged her tight. She resisted for a moment probably surprised by the fact that he had hugged her. Then he felt her settle in, her breasts settling and meshing with the front of his body. He felt her heart beat close to his and that just confirmed his theory, they were right for each other. 
They fit perfectly.
He leaned forward and inhaled deeply and the scent of coconut and sunflower wafted to his nose.
He decided that right at that moment, sunshine was his new favorite smell.
Slowly, almost reluctantly he pulled away and placed his hand on her shoulder. The smile she shot him boosted his spirit significantly.
He decided again that today was the best day of his life. Okay apart from the day he met her, but this day came pretty close to that.
He had been mopping around all day at work wondering if she would ever talk to him again. He was busy debating between buying her chocolate or flowers, he was not above groveling for her affection. All he needed was a chance to show her that they were meant to be together forever. For the first time at work, he did not give one hundred percent.
He loved his job and the challenges he faced every day excited him. He dove into new projects with an enthusiasm of a kid opening his Christmas present. Yet today nothing excited him. The numbers on the computer screen just blurred into each other.
Which just proved one thing, he had it bad.
As he looked down at her now he could swear his whole face was covered with a smile, “To what do I owe this pleasure?” He asked.
She used her thumb to point back to her apartment, “I need some help with some recipes, thought maybe you would want to be my taste tester.” Hell yeah, he would taste anything she gave him.
Hell, she would feed him fungi and snails and he wouldn’t care.
He shrugged and regretted the movement because his hands fell from her shoulder. He missed the small contact between them, so he tucked his hands into his pocket so that he did not pull her back into his hands.
“Yeah, why not.” 
He had already gotten back from work and changed into jeans and a t-shirt. So he just slipped his feet into some slippers, locked his door and followed her to her apartment. But first, he took her hands into his. It seemed ridiculous holding hands the short distance but he did not care. He had to let her hand go when they got to the door but he was too happy to try and analyze his feelings right now.
In the past when his girlfriend asked to hang out with him he would accept but he would always be thinking about work somehow. He would think about solving complex equations or getting the last part of the code just right. He lived for the thrill of finally getting it right.
The rush through his body was undeniably amazing.
Today he did not think about that, all he wanted to do was spend some time with Bella. So when she opened the door he scampered in and sat on one of the stools like an eager child. No need giving her a chance to change her mind.
She just chuckled and her voice washed all over him. Damn, it felt overwhelmingly great so he grinned at her.
She grinned back as she went to the opposite side of the counter and plated two cupcakes.
“Exhibit A, one chocolate cupcake with peanut butter buttercream,” she said as she placed the plate in front of him. She then pointed to the other cupcake, “Exhibit B, chocolate banana cupcake with peanut butter buttercream. Taste both and tell me which one you like best.”
His mouth watered just from the sweet smell wafting from both cupcakes. Her house smelt amazing, like fresh baked cake and vanilla. If she would let him he would move in today. The house might be cramped for two of them but he did not care, they could snuggle everywhere.
“Damn woman, you are going to make me fat,” he said as he took one cupcake and peeled back the paper layer.
“I could always take it back,” she threatened stretching out her hand to reach for the plate.
He steeled, “Don’t you dare.”
She laughed and he decided from then on his mission in life was to make her laugh. 
That was until he tasted the cupcake and all the flavors exploded on his tongue. His eyes widened and he could swear his breaths got shallow.
“I think I love you,” he said without thinking between bites. At the moment he could have said anything she wanted to hear but he knew that it was true, he actually loved her. After a day! “Marry me and you can tie me down and make my cupcakes every day. I will be your cupcake slave.”
She laughed again and his mind whispered, tie her down, marry that woman before someone else does.
Hush brain. Not yet.
The rest of the evening passed in the same manner.
With him stuffing his mouth with delicious, delightful, enjoyable cupcakes while he made wildly inappropriate comments about her beauty and she laughed. 
When he had tasted all the cupcakes and declared the chocolate banana cupcake his favorite, he helped her clean up despite all her protests.
After they were done he turned to her and suggested, “How about a movie at my place?” What he really wanted to suggest was how about some snuggling and smooching at my place but that would not go over well right now. They needed to go into this gently. Like a warm water bath on a cold day, you do not just plop into it. You slide in gently and let your body get used to the feelings and change in temperature.
It was still eight o’clock and he was not ready for the night to end. So if it meant seating on the same couch and watching a movie together he would take it.
As long as she was in the same room with him, he would be happy.
“I would have suggested we watch it here but you are light on electronics right now and I do have a 70-inch curved high definition television at my place.” So what he was a guy and he loved electronics, so he bought the best he could afford.
She laughed and answered, “Okay.”
As they left her apartment and she locked up he wanted to ask her about her living situation. Why did she have so little stuff? Were some of her stuff being shipped in? Was she running away from something and starting over? Was she just starting her life and where were her relatives to help her out? 
He remembered the first time he moved out on his own and everybody in his family had contributed something for his house. His elder brother and sister had furnished the whole seating room with furniture they did not use anymore. Even though he did not get along great with his brother and sister on the account that he was different, they still helped each other out. If he was ever stuck or they were ever stuck they got each other’s back.
Besides, they saw each other during Sunday dinners, with his siblings dragging their families with them.
His parents furnished the dining room and uncles and aunts furnished the extra bedroom. He drew the line at his own bedroom; that was his sanctuary so he furnished it himself. Granted there was a wall full of computer screens but that was his and he loved it that way. He wondered if Bella would like it or think he was weird. 
The point was his family had chipped in, where was her family?
He wanted to know everything about her. Maybe even trace her family generation tree.
Warm bath remember damn ass, his brain reminded him as he opened his door and ushered her in.
He drew in a deep breath that was full of her delicious smell and then he reminded himself, warm bath.
Damn, this is going to be hard, his dick choose that moment to chime in and announce its presence.
Shut up, he and his brain said at the same time.















CHAPTER TWELVE
She stared at the cursor as it blinked.
Then she stared again yet no words or thought crossed her mind. Instead, she found herself thinking about Damian and yesterday night.
Maybe Hailey was wrong, being distracted was not helping her concentrate and cutting Damian out of her life did not help either.
Her muse had taken a hike leaving her stranded and alone with a deadline she had to meet or go back to her dead-end life and get a dead end job.
Damn it she needed help so she texted the only person who could help her.
Help, I am stuck.
A minute later Hailey texted back, the court is on break I have thirty minutes, what’s up.
I can’t write, as she wrote her reply she wished her phone had a wailing or moaning tone that could deliver the message. It was not like this was going to be the first novel she wrote; in fact, she had written several when she was in school. People would actually line up to read her handwritten novels and some did not believe she actually created the story. Then her mum sat her down and explained that writing a novel was not a career she should concentrate on. Books first, talent later when she had free time.
She followed that but she always wondered what it would be like if she just focused on writing. It was her passion; she just had to find a way to prove that to her mum and herself.
She had to get unstuck, fast. 
She could almost hear Hailey chuckle through the phone, what can I do to help?
I do not know, she replied then again wished she could add a moaning tone to it.
Relax you are putting too much pressure on yourself, Hailey replied.
I do not know what to do, if I cannot write then I need to go back home and look for work.
That is not a bad idea, I am not saying you move back home but you need people around you so why don’t you look for a minor job. Inspiration will not come to find you if your seat at home baking all day.
Hey, I make some pretty great cakes.
I know you do but you still need people around you. Find some mindless job you have to repeat over and over again it will free up your mind to think. Or you could take up jogging.
An involuntary shudder ran through her. She hated jogging or any physical activities and Hailey knew it. Another text came in:
When am trying to figure out the right approach to a new case or get a new break on an old case I always go for a jog. It clears up my mind; you need to find your thing.
Hailey was right; she could not go on locking herself indoors and hope that it all went well. To get her muse back she needed people around her. She worked better in a place filled with people chattering all around her.
Ever since she hit eighteen years old and got her first job as a cashier in the local restaurant, she had been saving. In college, she was lucky her fees were subsidized by the government so she only had to pay a small amount. She was even luckier her mum covered her rent and food every month. So all the money she got from her part-time jobs went directly to her saving.
It was why when she left home she could afford to pay the rent for one year upfront. It was also why she was not worried about money if she lived a frugal life. If she just minimized her spending, then her saving would serve her the whole year until she got back on her feet.
One way or another in a year this would all be over so she needed to enjoy every moment she could.
You are right; I need to find something to do.
Hailey replied, off course I am right. As Bella read the message she smiled, it was good to have her best friend back.
That sentiment died with the next text she got, how is it going with you and Mr. Hot stuff next door.
Best friends dug into your personal life.
Bella replied, don’t you have to get back in court.
Not for another ten minutes so stop trying to change the topic and spill.
Apparently, best friends were also persistent as they dug into your life. No need trying to evade the question so Bella replied:
Nothing much, we hang out last night.
Define hang out.
Bella rolled her eyes at the phone even though Hailey could not see her.
We ate cupcakes at my place and then went to watch a movie at his place.
That’s it?
Yes, was there supposed to be more.
You are no fun, I have to get back into the courtroom; do not do anything I wouldn’t do.
That did not leave much out. Her friend enjoyed her men like most people enjoyed wine; fast and frequent.
Okay be safe, love you.
She knew that her friend did not do a dangerous job like being a cop, firefighter or being in the army like her brother was, but she worried about her.
Getting between married couples even if it is to help them could get volatile fast. Dealing with people’s broken dreams and broken hearts was not easy and like the saying went a woman scorned could be very dangerous. Hailey had been stalked and threatened by more than one ex-couple yet she insisted that her job was perfectly safe.
Always, love you too.
She sighed and left the phone on the kitchen counter.
What she had not told Hailey though was that yester night Damian had kissed her and she could not stop thinking about him. That was a can of worms she was not willing to open yet. 
The moment he had opened his door yesterday her heart was already pounding. She had decided that she was not going to run away from whatever was happening between them. She only had a year here and if it went wrong between them and they broke up, she would be moving out eventually. If it went well and they fell in love, well she had not thought that far yet. But whatever happened she was done hiding and being a coward. She would face it head on, hence her knocking on his door.
He had been happy to see her and his smile did funny things to her stomach. She was happy that all night, he did not bring up the note again.
He probably did not want to remind her that she had reservations about them.
The only plan she had fed him and make him laugh and the rest would fall into place. And it had, he ate the cupcakes and she watched him wishing that she was the one he was consuming with such intensity. They talked, laughed and more than once she found herself crossing her right leg over her left to alleviate the pain taking residence between her legs.
Damn, she just wanted to climb him and let him love her until the morning.
Instead, they cleaned up and when he suggested they go back to his place for a movie she was glad. She was not ready for the night to end yet.
His place was more furnished than her place, but come to think of it whose wasn’t?
The furniture was mostly mismatched and some worn but they gave her a sense of home. Like they had lovingly been used over time.
“Take a seat and pick a movie I will make us some popcorns.”
She took a seat on the sofa that she could swear hugged her butt and picked up the remote. She browsed through his movie collection and came across The True Memoirs of An Assassin; she had heard good things about the movie but had not gotten a chance to watch it yet.
When he came with the popcorns she asked, “Do you mind if we watch this?”
He smiled, “Nice selection, I have already watched it but I do not mind repeating it.”
So he sat on the opposite side of the couch and placed the popcorns on the coffee table between them. As the movie progressed they both used the excuse of reaching for some more popcorn to move closer.
Thirty minutes into the movie and she did not know who the main actor was. She would watch it some other time. Right now she was too aware of Damian seated close to her, his heat and scent surrounding her.
She did not know who reached for whom first but in about five minutes they were kissing. And she was right, his lips were totally kissable. She could kiss him for hours.
And she did, they spent the rest of the movie kissing and necking. When the movie came to an end and the blank screen threw a shadow over them they finally came up for air.
He grinned down at her, “I better get you home before I take advantage of you.”
She wanted to shout please do but she was still basking in the glow and feelings that kiss invoked in her to speak. So she just nodded.
He kissed her one more time deeply before he escorted her home and kissed her again.
“Tomorrow,” he promised, and then he was gone.
Probably afraid he would take her right there if he did not leave.
She smiled as she remembered his haste. 
She then touched her lips as she remembered the kiss, she would see him tonight.
She picked up her house keys, for now, she needed to find something to do.



















CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Today was going to be a great day. 
After spending time last night with Hailey he woke up with a smile and a bounce on his step. Even Tom had noticed and commented on it this morning.
“You seem awfully chipper this morning,” Tom said as soon as Damian sat down. It was not until he stopped whistling did he realize that he had actually been whistling.
Him, Damian Chase, the most intelligent man he had ever met whistling because of a girl. Wonders would never cease.
Damian smiled, “I am this happy every morning.”
Tom snorted, “Yeah right and I am Jalango in Churchill’s body.”
Jalango and Churchill are the stage name of the country’s famous comedians.
Damian laughed, “You could be.”
Tom looked at him like he had grown a second head and maybe he had. His face hurt from smiling so much. He did not remember the last time he had been this happy. Probably when he tasted ice cream for the first time. Or when he realized the amazing potential of his brain.
Now if you would give him complex equations and ice cream at the same time then that was Christmas to him. 
That was until he met Bella, he still loved ice cream and complex equations, but he would rank kissing Bella way up there before the other two. He remembered the first time he leaned in for the kiss. The movie had been on for about thirty minutes and all the while he sat there staring at the way the light bounced off her. He was mesmerized by how beautiful she looked and the way her hair seemed so lush. He wondered if he could just run his hands through them to see if it was her real hair. Just one tiny touch.
That is how it started. 
He smiled; well that is how it always starts, with a tiny thing. Soon he was unconsciously moving towards her and somehow they met in the middle of the seat.
Then he was looking at her and all he could hear was his brain chanting, kiss kiss kiss.
This time instead of saying hush brain, he leaned in just to taste her lips. Were they really as soft and as full as they looked? 
He discovered that they were and so much more. After one taste he had to have more. His hands which had been slug at the back of the sofa swung with their own volition pulling her closer.
Something banged on the table before him and he jumped, startled.
It took a moment to realize that it was Tom who had slapped his hand on the table.
Damian rolled his eyes at his friend, “You can be so dramatic.”
Tom looked at him for a moment then said, “I have been talking to you for the past five minutes and you have been staring at me with that stupid smile and glazed look.”
Damian just shrugged.
Tom said, “That’s it, I have to meet this woman.”
Damian panicked, “Why?”
What if Tom did not like Bella, he wanted Tom to like Bella because to him they were the closest people he was going to have in his life.
And your mum, his brain scolded.
Off course and my mum, he replied with an inner eye roll.
“Because I have to vet her, it’s what best friends do to keep their best friends from getting hurt.”
He had to keep them away from each other; he was not ready for them to meet. It was all still new, still fresh.
It was like when you buy a new car, you do not want anyone else to borrow it.
You want to enjoy the new car smell for a while before your best friend borrowed it and returned it smelling like fish. That had happened before. Tom borrowed Damian’s car to make a run to the market when his car broke down. He specifically omitted the fact that he was making the run to a fish market.
He threw out a hook desperately, “It’s what girlfriend’s do. We are not girls.”
Tom did not bite, “Tomorrow lunchtime,” Tom said and got up. “Wear something not white.”
Tomorrow was on a Saturday so Damian did not have his work as an excuse.
Then he was gone and Damian was left glaring after him.
Great plan buddy, you managed to keep them apart remarkably well, his brain cheered sarcastically.
He groaned, he really should have skipped this morning’s visit.
But he did not let that keep him down.
Tom and Bella were going to meet and love each other.
Or so he hoped.
****
He kept his optimism throughout the day and even greeted his colleagues as he passed by who looked at him like he was dying. This was understandable considering the fact that he had gone out of his way to keep them at arm’s length. He worked so hard to create this air around him which was not rude but he was also not welcoming or approachable.
The day went great and he whistled all the way home. He might or might not have done a happy dance down the hall when he realized he was so close to seeing Bella again.
This great feeling lasted up until he got into his house, his phone rang and he looked down to see the caller ID as; mother.
He reluctantly answered.
“Hello.”
Even without a hello back his mum just dove right into it, “I hear you have a girlfriend.”
Right then Damian decided that if he ever saw Tom again he was going to kill him. He would string him by his balls and then he would kill him.
Tom had never told on him before which made this case extra special.  This would make his stringing and hanging even more special.
He decided ignorance was his best defense at the moment so he asked, “Who told you that?”
“Don’t be stupid boy,” his mum answered, “So tell me about Bella.”
“Stop giving the boy a hard time.” He heard his father say and then Damian knew that he was on speaker phone.
“Hey dad,” he said, “thanks dad, tell mum that whomever I am dating is my own business.” He added.
His father said enthusiastically, “exactly.” Then after a moment when it seemed like no one would talk again, his father asked, “So who exactly is Bella.”
Damian cussed; it could not be that easy.
His mum said, “Damian Chase I taught you better than that!”
They would not leave him alone until he gave them something so he said, “it’s just a girl I met and I really like her.”
“That’s good son, we have been waiting a long time for you to settle down.”
Damian rolled his eyes, “I just met her,” and kissed her, no need adding that in. “It’s not like I am going to ask her to marry me.”
“Okay you young people and getting to know each other, your father and I had an arranged marriage and we are very happy.”
His father chimed in, “We are dear.” And Damian could have sworn he heard a kiss.
“Eww are you guys kissing in front of me,” it was sweet how his parents loved each other. He just did not want to have a front row seat to their loving ways.
“We are not in front of you,” his father explained calmly.
Before he could answer his mother chimed in, “Tell us about this girl you like.”
With a resigned breath, “her name is Bella and she is my next door neighbor.
“What does she do for a living?” His father asked.
Then his mother added, “Where is she from? Is she from a good family?”
Hell, he did not know any of this so he did not answer.
There was a moment of silence then his mother asked cautiously, “Damian.”
Oooh, that tone meant trouble, “Yes mother.”
“You do know something about her except for her name.”
Damian answered defensively, “Of course.”
The high pitch of his voice might have given away the fact that he was lying. But in his defense they met less than a week ago he could not know everything about her in that short amount of time.
His mother said with a tone filled with finality, “That settles it then, you will bring her to dinner on Sunday.”
Hung me now, he thought.
“Son be there at six o’clock sharp,” his father said and then they hang up.
Great now he had to tell the girl he had met a few days ago that his best friend and parents wanted to meet her.
Great going buddy, his brain chimed in.
Hush, he replied harshly internally.
He was so going to kill Tom when he met him again.
Slowly and painfully.













CHAPTER FOURTEEN
When you need to learn new skills easy and cheap then you find the nearest community center. 
Bella was very interested in the cheap part because she was currently on a very tight budget. Since every town had one she just googled the directions and within thirty minutes and a long walk, she was there. 
It was a large one-story building that looked more of a warehouse or industry than it did a community center. The exteriors were almost worn out and the paint flaked in certain areas but it was the air around it that pulled her in. It felt warm and inviting so she went in and she knew she had made the right decision. The area covered by the building was wide and it seemed like they had embraced the word open-concept.
Large tables with chairs all around them filled the space and the number of youths all around attested to the success of the place. It could just be that it was during the school holidays so kids were looking for something to do but Bella chooses to believe they were here because they liked it.
A woman with a warm smile approached her. She was tall, curvy and had a smile that would light up a whole room. Seriously her teeth looked too white but it almost seemed natural.
She has not bleached her teeth, Bella thought as the woman got closer.
“Hey I am Zoe, the general coordinator here, you must be new here, I have never seen you before.”
Bella smiled, “Do you know everybody.”
Zoe smiled back and winked, “Actually I do, I try to keep up with people so they can come back again. The fact that I am good with faces only helps. I can see a person once and never forget their face.”
Ooh boy, Zoe was a chatterbox, Bella thought.
And she was right but somehow it seemed to come with her job description.
She could just imagine the ad for the job would come with a must speak too much.
At the end of the tour, Bella admitted that Zoe knew her stuff. She had taken her through the various tables showing her what they were learning at each table.
Some people were learning knitting, others baking, making necklaces and bangles using beads, and weaving.
“We also have different sports programs and drama and music for those who want to join. Our football team has won the district championship two times in a row and our music program is also top notch. We have few resources but we try the best way we know how.” Zoe said as she concluded the tour.
“Thanks for showing me all this, it is very impressive,” Bella said, she was really impressed. Now she just had to decide what she had to learn that was mindless enough so her brain would work in the background.
Zoe beamed with pride as she looked around, “It really is.”
“Did you make all this possible?” Bella asked curiously.
Zoe looked at her and answered, “Not really we have donors from all around the world who fund our projects.”
Bella did not feel right asking outright if she founded the charity organization so she shut up. 
Zoe took that as a chance to ask, “So which class will you sign up for?”
She was not really interested in knitting or beadwork.
She already knew how to bake.
Guess that left, “I think I will try the weaving class.” She would get to work with her hands and if it did not work out she could always switch out.
After all, it was being offered free.
Zoe beamed up at her again, “Great choice, there are just a couple of forms you have to fill.”
Does the woman ever stop smiling? Bella thought as she followed a chattering Zoe to the office.
This was going to work out great for her; it would give her something to do and a way to interact with people.
This was exactly what she needed to start writing again.
By the time she left the center she had signed up for weaving lessons and she had a lunch date with Zoe. She did not know how it happened but one minute they were talking about their crazy mothers and the next minute they were meeting for lunch.
It was not normal to have two-time lapses in a day, first with the magical kiss yesterday and second when arranging for a lunch date with a ‘new’ friend.
Bella just chuckled and shook her head as she headed back home.
Life was interesting.
Forty minutes later she was reading the requirements for weaving classes as she reached her door. She had just pulled it open and was heading inside when Damian’s door swung open.
The first thought that crossed her mind when she saw him was of how much she had missed him.
She wanted to cross the distance between them, throw her hands around him and kiss him again.
Instead, she smiled shyly and said, “Hae.”
He smiled back, “Hae yourself.”
Before she could blink he crossed the space between them and he was kissing her. She let herself get lost in his taste and melted into him.
When he pulled away she groaned and instinctively followed his mouth with her’s. She was not ready for the kiss to end. He chuckled and gave her one peck before finally pulling away.
His eyes were filled with intensity, he said, “I missed you.”
She smiled back at him, “I missed you too.”
“Well you two get a room,” there was a male voice behind Damian and then Bella heard a door close.
Damian smile widened, “Guess you have officially met Davie.”
Bella smiled back, she could not stop smiling, “So he is real?”
Damian looked like he was insulted that she would question his honesty and that made Bella smile even more. He pulled back and placed one hand over his chest, “Would I ever lie to you?”
Bella laughed.
Still smiling Damian said, “I need to talk to you.” They must look like two smiling idiots. No wonder Davie told them to get a room.
“Your place or mine?” she asked.
“Can we do it in my place, I would rather sit on the sofa not that your stools are not comfortable.”
Bella locked her door again and turned back to Damian, “Of course not, they are very comfortable.”
Damian laughed.
Damn the man’s laugh would soon turn into her reason for living. When she had crappy days and felt like she was a waste to humanity, he would laugh or make her laugh and it would turn around.
He led her to his house, “take a seat I will get you something to drink.”
She went to the sofa they had sat on yesterday and she felt heat flash through her body when she remembered their kisses yesterday.
They had kissed for hours; it felt good to have a man who did not just rush to the sex.
She wanted Damian bad.
Every time she saw him she wanted to climb him and hump him like a horny dog. He smiled at her and her heart stopped a moment and her lady bits literally wept.
But she loved the fact that he had taken time to kiss her, for hours. Like he was in no rush, he was savoring the special connection between the two of them.
Damn the man could kiss.
“Do you want water or some juice,” he called the kitchen snapping her from her lust filled mind.
“Some juice would be nice,” Bella called back as she shifted on the seat. She picked up the remote to browse through his movie collection again. Maybe it would distract her from the ache between her legs.
Damian came back and handed her the glass of juice before setting his on the coffee table.
“I need to talk to you,” he said after he had shifted several times on the chair as if looking for the best position to seat in.
Crap, she thought.
“Are you married?” she asked suddenly panicked.
He shook his head no vehemently, “No.”
She released a breath she did not know she had been holding.
“Are you…” she started when she could not finish. She tried again, “Are you…”
Well woman just ripe the band-aid off, “are you breaking up with me. I know we have not known each other long but I really like you and I was hoping this would lead to something more.” Well, when she started talking it seemed she would not stop until she put her foot in her mouth.
Damian took her fidgeting hands in his; she had long since abandoned her juice on the table, “Bella look at me.”
She looked up at him and all she saw was sincerity, “Relax I am not breaking up with you. I also like you a lot.” He said and then pulled her in for a light kiss.
After he pulled back he handed her back her juice and then pulled her closer so she had her head on her shoulder. He picked up the remote and started fidgeting with it and Bella knew there was something he had not told her yet. She also knew that her best option was to wait him out, he would speak when he was ready.
So she cozied up to him and took a sip of her drink.
His next words made her wish she had not taken that sip as she did a spit take that would have made all the actors jealous.
 











CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Your brother is the most infuriating man I have ever met.
That was the first text from Hailey that Bella received when she got back to her house the next day. Bella chuckled, would these two ever stop?
But she did not ask Hailey that, instead, she asked, what did he do now?
A long text followed; I went to talk to him yesterday about cutting you some slack. You know I actually left work early and took the bus to go talk to him all the way. When I get there he let me rant on and on about how you were now a grown up. He smiled at me and I thought he heard what I was saying, but no, he just told me I was crazy and then slammed the door on my face. ME HAILEY, I AM NOT A KID ANYMORE.
Bella smiled, I guess they were not stopping any time soon. The way those two behaved you would think that they were siblings whose ages differed by one year. In essence, maybe they were. Hailey had been her friend so long Bella saw her as a sister. Maybe Felix saw Hailey the same way and that was why he treated her like a bratty little sister.
When she took too long to reply Hailey sent another message, hello do you hear this; your bratty brother slammed the door on my face.
Bella smiled again, Hailey was always the cool calm type who rarely showed her emotions but Felix knew how to push her buttons.
Bella texted back, so sorry, what did you do after he slammed the door?
Hailey was silent so long that Bella smelled something fishy.
S0 she texted back, Hailey, what did you do?
Hailey texted back, nothing and Bella knew that it was definitely something so she called her.
When Hailey picked up on the fourth ring she said a very cheery hello.
“Why are you avoiding the question?”  Bella asked.
Defensively Hailey answered, “I am not avoiding anything.”
“Mmh, I know you, spill.”
There was silence then Hailey answered, “I might have banged on his door and when he did not answer, I threw something inside through his window and ran away.”
That did not sound good, “What did you throw?”
Hailey did not answer so Bella said her name in the tone she used on her brother to show him that she was not kidding.
With a sigh, Hailey answered, “Okay I threw in one tear gas.”
Bella gasped, “How did you even get tear gas? Why do you have tear gas in your bag?”
It was true then, a girl’s handbag can carry anything.
“You remember the cop I dated a while ago named Chris?”
“He gave you tear gas? Is it even legal to throw one if you are not a cop? You could be arrested and lose your license.”
Bella pressed the bridge of her nose to stave off a headache she could feel coming.
Hailey scoffed, “You worry too much, it was not a big tear gas, and your brother will be fine.”
How do you explain to someone that it is not the size that matters?
Before Bella could come up with an answer Hailey changed topics, “So are you spending the day with Mr. Hot Stuff?”
How did the topic change so fast?
“Yeah, we have a lunch date.”
Hailey started singing, “Bella and Damian kissing in a tree…”
Bella cut her off, “I am hanging up on you right now.”
“Bye babe.”
“Bye.”
She disconnected the call and she was thinking about what she would do with her brother and Hailey when a text from Felix came into her phone: Your friend threw tear gas into my house. Tell her if I catch her I will spank her ass.
To Felix, she texted back: Language Felix.
Then to Hailey, she texted: My brother just said that he would spank you if he ever catches you.
Hailey texted back with an emoji rolling their eyes; your brother can be such a drama queen.
Bella smiled, those two were going to be the death of her, but she did not have time for them right now.
She placed her phone down; she had a date to prepare for.
Okay, maybe it would be a double date with two other people who have never met before.
Yeey, this was so not going to be awkward at all. 
But she could endure awkward for Damian. It was weird that they had only met and she felt like she had known him a long time. Off course that may be because of the long talks they had over ice-cream yester night. Okay so she had eaten a pint of ice cream he kept in the fridge and he drunk some beer. That was all semantics.
After he had dropped the bomb that he wanted her to meet his parents and best friend. Or was it the other way around? 
She had not been really paying attention. She had been freaked out. Okay freaked out is a mild way to put it. She had been terrified.
What if they did not like her? Their relationship could not survive that this early. They were still in the getting to know each other and necking like kids phase of the relationship.
She was not ready to let other people in yet. Though Hailey knew about him, she rarely shared intimate details with her. She did not want her to know just how much she liked Damian. It was not like her friend would disapprove, she was still not sure where the relationship was going yet she did not want everyone’s opinion on it yet.
She had declared that she needed something stronger than juice so he got her some ice-cream. She had stuffed her mouth with deliciousness as he explained the situation. She had not run out of the house screaming so that was one step in the right direction.
He had explained how his best friend and parents had requested to meet her. She knew about meddling parents and best friends so she did not blame him in any way. He told her a little bit about his family and she told him about hers. Soon they were narrating funny stories about their childhood, youth and laughing over antics they pulled off. 
They stayed up exchanging stories and laughing until around three o’clock. They did not even realize what time it was until Damian checked a message on his phone.
By that time she was calm enough and she realized that there was nothing to panic about. They would cross the bridge of everyone’s reaction when they got there.
He took her hands in his and looked her directly in the eyes, “Are you okay?” He asked.
She nodded; she could not speak if she wanted to. 
“I like you a lot.” He said and she felt like her heart was melting onto her ribs.
She beamed at him, “I like you too.”
He nodded with a smile, “Whatever happens today and tomorrow I will not change my mind about that.”
She nodded affirmatively, “I know.” Somehow she knew that he was not one to change his mind easily. He pulled her close and she cuddled into him.
Then she remembered, she looked up to him and asked, “Today lunchtime I have to meet a friend for lunch can I bring her along?”
Damian’s smile widened more, “Please do and we can set up Tom with your friend.”
“Will he like that?”
“Most certainly not but that ought to teach him not to meddle in my business.”
Bella just laughed and cuddled into him and he pulled her closer.
It was perfect and that was how they fell asleep until the sun came up.
Now she had to get ready to go meet Zoe and Damian’s friend Tom.
Such fun, her inner bitch cheered sarcastically.












CHAPTER SIXTEEN
He was nervous.
Damian had been to a lot of dates in the past few years on his quest to find love. He had dined with beautiful women and he felt sure about himself. Not once had he ever doubted himself. Yet again not once had his friend asked to be introduced to a woman he was dating.
Tom’s restaurant was nice but Damian wanted them to meet in a neutral place where Tom did not have the home ground advantage. So he had another restaurant in mind, it was a bit of a drive out of town but it was worth it. The restaurant was near a largely abandoned dam, the grass around it seemed to go on forever and ducks lapped leisurely over the water.
He had gone there several times on picnics but today he thought they would take one of the outdoor cabanas. As soon as Bella left this morning he had called to make a reservation and then tackled a bit of leftover work from yesterday. 
Despite the fact that they had slept on the sofa with her head on his shoulder and his head on the back of the sofa, he felt fresh. Almost rejuvenated.
Holding Bella was quickly becoming a favorite pass time. It could be right up there with kissing her and talking to her for hours. He found that he could share with her more than he had ever shared with his other girlfriends. Yes, he was dating them, but none had ever made him feel like she did.
When she smiled he could swear the skies opened up and he heard the angels singing hallelujah. Oh God, he had it bad.
When he finished checking up on his project he sat back on the chair and imagined Bella taking a shower. He wished he was there with her; taking the soap from her and helping her lather up. He would follow each and every curve of her body with his hands. He would indulge in her fragrance and feel just how smooth her skin felt on his hand.
It felt like his blood was boiling, he needed her so bad.
He got hard just thinking about it but this time instead of fighting it he took off his clothes and got in the shower. As the water washed down his skin he took himself in his hands and jerked off to the image of her in his mind. He came as he imagined turning her around and fucking her hard as she held on to the wall.
As he watched his cum wash down the drain he felt a sense of calm wash over him. He could now take her to lunch without ravishing her at first sight. They had forever ahead for them; he did not want their first time to be a quickie in the shower. He wanted it to be special. Candlelight, roses, and chocolate special.
So he finished showering, dressed up in a white dress shirt and dark jeans and went to get his girl.
He smiled as he knocked, his girl.
When she opened the door and beamed up at him he almost revised his theory about their first time. He let his eyes ran down her body. She had on an orange and blue sundress that looked amazing on her. The way that it flowed down her body just emphasized her waist and curves.
Back up buddy, do not screw this up, his brain said.
So instead of pushing her back in and taking her against the door he took a step forward and kissed her. 
She tasted so good. She tasted like coming home.
When he pulled back he smiled at her, “sorry I smudged your lipstick.”
She laughed, “Sorry I got some on you.” Then she reached for a wet wipe from her bag and wiped it off his face. His heart kicked and as he stood there he thought, it feels good when someone who cares about you takes care of you.
See what you have been missing in your life douchebag, his brain shook his head at him.
Hush brain.
Nothing was going to ruin their day. So he took her hand after she closed her door. He led her to his car and opened the passenger side for her.
“Where are we going for lunch?” She asked as soon as he got into the car.
Without answering he leaned over and kissed her again, he could not resist her lips. When he pulled back she chuckled, “You smeared lipstick on yourself again.”
Then she wiped it off again.
He just smiled as he buckled up his seatbelt and started the car.
“You have not been in town long so you might not know the place, but trust me you will enjoy it.”
She just smiled and said, “Okay.”
The fact that she trusted him almost made him pull over the side of the road and kiss her again. They would never get there if they kept doing that so he refrained.
“Can we pick up Zoe on the way? She does not have a car and she might not know where we will be.”
He said, “Okay.” He did not mind.
She texted something probably to Zoe and then they spent the ten minutes into town chatting while she fixed her lipstick.
When they pulled into the community center Bella closed her lipstick tube and placed it into her bag. She looked adorable; everything Bella did looked so adorable.
Bella looked out the window and when she spotted the woman standing by the door she waved at her. So that was Zoe, Damian smiled when she saw her. She was tall with curves in just the right places, so not Tom’s type.  Even though Tom liked his women curvy he also liked them short. Something about feeling big around them got to him.
This was going to be way more fun than he thought initially.
When Bella saw him smiling she asked, “Is Tom going to like her.”
Damian chuckled, “we will find out.” He did not have time to add more because Zoe was already by the car. She said hae to them as she got in and then Bella introduced them.
“Zoe, this is my boyfriend Damian,” Damian swore his heart melted when she called him her boyfriend. “Damian, this is Zoe.”
He nodded at Zoe, “nice to meet you.”
She smiled back, “Nice to meet you too.”
Zoe kept the conversation going until they got to the hotel. The girl could talk, but he did not mind. It gave him time to enjoy the breeze on his face and to hold Bella’s hand between them without thinking about what to say.
When they got to the hotel, Tom was already parked and leaning against his car.











CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Tom saw Damian’s car pack and started walking towards it. When he had suggested they have lunch he had not meant having it away from his restaurant or being set up on a blind date.
But he did not have many options.
If he refused then Damian would cancel and say they should meet another day and that would never happen. Damian was just trying to push his buttons while Tom was just trying to look out for his friend.
Before he opened his restaurant business, he had been a rugby player. He was one of the tops in the game. He had grown up poor so when he realized he could play, he gave it his all, and it had paid off. The trips out of the country, the girls and the money were amazing. He played with the best of them and partied with the rich and famous. Life had been more amazing than he ever imagined. He just wished his parents and grandma had lived long enough to see this. 
His parents had passed away when he was young from HIV infection. They had been young, stupid and reckless, but they did one good thing when they protected him before he was even born. Due to stigma, his aunts and uncles could not take him in so he had been left to live in the village with his grandma. His grandma had taken the best possible care she could of him, but she was old and poor. He also wished his grandma had been around to enjoy his wealth but she died right after he made it.
One day he had it all and the next day he was seated across a doctor who was telling him that one more blow to his head would kill him.
He had quit the game and lost the girls and the trips. But since he grew up poor he had been frugal with his spending. Instead of living a lavish life he had squirreled away his money. He did not trust anyone with it too, he had seen one too many players burnt by their manager.
So after he quit the game, he had a whole lot of cash but no purpose in life. He spent most of his time in bars drinking beers and watching the game.
His ‘friends’ abandoned him so fast when they thought he had no more money to spend on them.
The girls faded in the background.
His teammates really tried to stay friends but they really had nothing much in common anymore so that faded. He would bet they would sit across from him and wish they did not end up being like him one day.
He would not lie, life was tough. Then one day he woke up and was walking by a depleted closed down restaurant and he had this urge to go in. So he went in, and suddenly he knew what he wanted to do with the rest of his life.
The place was worn out, dark and dingy but as he looked in he saw a place full of life. He saw people walking around, families enjoying meals and laughing. 
The next day he called up the number of the real estate agent eager and happy for the first time. Throughout the transaction, the real estate agent cast him looks that clearly portrayed he was crazy for buying such a place. He even suggested some newer more upscale renovated restaurants on sale.
Even the bank manager pulled him aside to advise him on the failure rates of businesses in the industry but Tom stuck with his initial decision. He had a gut feeling that the place would be great and he stuck with it.
From that day onwards he threw himself into renovating the restaurant, hiring the employees and opening it up. He leveraged his name as a former rugby player to get people through the doors but the excellent service kept them coming back.
So needless to say he had not expected to make a friend. When Damian approached him, he did not resist very much. Life was boring when you did not have someone to talk to or who could check up on you once in a while. 
He and Damian had become great friends and Damian had even introduced him to his family who treated him like he was part of the whole family. He loved their kinship and how much they loved each other. He knew Damian hated the Sunday dinners but Tom loved them.
Tom knew fake friends and how to read them by now and Damian was the real deal. He was like a brother to him, so he was not going to let some woman break his heart.
Damian was a little naïve about the world, it was a good thing he had Tom who would look out for him, Tom thought as he lengthened his stride. 
****
Bella was already worried about meeting Damian’s best friend and the big scowl on his face as he walked towards them did not help matters.
“Hey,” Damian said as he tugged her attention back to him, “It’s going to be fine, he is going to love you.”
She smiled nervously, “really?”
He smiled back, “Yah really, you are adorable.”
Zoe who was now peering at them between the front seats said, “Ooh that’s so sweet.” She did not seem nervous at all, maybe she was used to blind dates and this was not scary.
But it was probably because she was used to dealing with different kind of people all day. Before they could answer her, Zoe was out of the door and heading towards Tom. They watched as if in slow motion as Zoe got to where Tom was and he stood still, without saying a word Zoe threw her arms around Tom and hugged him.
Even though Zoe was tall she was not as tall as Tom who stood at six foot two and was built like a linebacker. They watched as Zoe hugged Tom who stood rigid with his hands stiffly on his side, probably in shock.
Damian chuckled as he got out of the car, “way more interesting than I thought it would be.” He came around and opened her door and together they went to save his friend.
Zoe’s action had somehow soothed the panicked part of her. All would be well; she just had to give Tom a chance.
 All the way Damian held her hand and he was grinning when he got to where Tom and Zoe were standing.
“Tom,” he said. At his voice, Zoe released Damian, patted him on his chest and said, “Lighten up soldier, we are not going to war.”
That got a smile out of Tom and the lunch just got better from there.
Bella was so glad she had invited Zoe; she kept the conversation going and kept taking shots at Tom who just smiled at her. They chatted for a while before ordering some drinks and a platter of goat meat to share.
The place was stunning and the views were just breathtaking. Everywhere she looked she saw green grass, tall trees from afar and a large body of water. Since the cabanas were only built halfway up, the breeze on her skin felt amazing.
When they were done with their meal, Damian excused himself to go to the men’s room and Zoe wanted to feed a duck so she ran to the dam.
Tom chuckled as they watched her leave, “she is something.”
“That she is,” Bella agreed. Now they were just the two of them so they could cut through all the crap, “I must admit I like this smiling side of you better than the scowling side.”
He just looked at her for a moment then he said, “Yeah I like him too.”
Then he added, “Damian has not said a lot about you.”
She had to tread carefully, Tom was important to Damian so she really wanted him to like her, but she was going to be herself. She had left her coward self-back home, now she was all about bravery and taking chances.
“Yah we just met, we still do not know much about each other,” she replied truthfully. Although they had shared so much about themselves last night, she was sure there was still more about him she did not know.
He was silent a moment again before he said, “He really likes you.” She liked that Tom thought about what to say before he said it. He probably realized that if he pushed Bella away then Damian might pull away from him too.
She smiled, “well I like him a lot too.” He looked at her face as if gauging if she was telling the truth. Since she had nothing to hide she looked him directly in the eyes and let him read what he wanted on her face.
He must have seen what he wanted because he smiled and said, “Good.”
She smiled back, “You are not going to threaten to kick my butt if I hurt your friend?”
Tom chuckled, “Damian can handle himself and I sense that hurting him is the last thing you ever want to do.”
He really was a good judge of character, “true,” she said.
Right then Damian came back, “what is true,” he asked before planting a light kiss on her lips.
Bella smiled at him and said, “That you are very handsome.”
Damian sat down and with a sigh, he said, “I know, it is a burden I have to carry.” Bella laughed and Tom just rolled his eyes.
Now that the elephant in the room had been ushered out of the room back into the forest, they had a great time. They left the cabanas and joined a laughing Zoe at the edge of the dam. The guys pulled their trousers up and they all dipped their legs into the water. They bought some more bread crumbs from a passing boy and fed the ducks as they traded stories. 
They watched the sunset before heading back to their vehicles. Deciding that they had too much fun together for the night to end just yet, they all decided they would go out dancing.
Tom chose a hot new club; he knew the owner and they had the VIP section. Bella spent the night dancing in Damian’s arms and she knew right then that he was the one. Even Tom and Zoe seemed to have hit it off. Even though Tom was reluctant to dance, Zoe did not take no for an answer. They spent most of the night dancing and laughing.
Bella had found her tribe.




CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Waking up next to the woman you love is awesome.
Waking up next to her with her brother glaring down at you? Not so much.
They had danced all night long, talked and laughed until around five o’clock before they stumbled back home. They did not want to drive while drunk so they took an uber over to their apartment complex and somehow they ended up in Bella’s house. 
Despite the fact that he had a bigger house, two bedrooms, and a coach, they all ended up crashing in Bella’s house. Four people in one small bed are not really comfortable. Well, people did not drink and become smart; it had been a while since he had so much fun with his friends. It had been so long since he had a group of friends or a tribe. All he ever had was Tom and before that he did not have a clique. 
As a nerd and an introvert he never really clicked with a lot of people. He did not feel like talking to a lot of people too so that did not help matters. He spent most days writing code, sometimes it got lonely and a little bit to quiet.
Now that he found Bella, he did not want to go back there. He even did not mind having the company of Zoe; she was bubbly and cheerful all the time. Damian did not get how one person could have that much energy.
That morning he was lying in bed, holding Bella close enjoying the feeling of being so close to her when he felt someone staring at him. Slowly, he opened his eyes to find a guy glaring down at him. He looked like he wanted to break Damian into pieces and feed him to the fishes.
At first, it took his mind a moment to register the fact that someone was glaring at him when they had closed the door. His instinct took over and he jumped over Bella and stood in front of the man blocking his view of Bella. The motion shook Tom, Zoe and Bella awake.
Bella and Zoe woke up with a scream while Tom instinctively took a stance to protect the two women. They all looked ridiculous but at the moment his heart was pounding too fast for him to care.
The man did not stop glaring at him, so he asked, “What the hell are you doing here.” He knew he should take the calm mode so as not to spook him. The man was almost as big as Tom, Damian worked out but he was not as built as this guy or Tom. He also did not have the training to handle a situation “when someone is glaring at you with deadly eyes.” But at the moment the only thing he could think about was “Bella could have been hurt.”
The man finally spoke, still glaring, “I would also ask you what you are doing in my sister’s bed holding her like that.” 
That took the starch right out of Damian’s spine and he released the first full breath since he woke up.
“Hae Felix,” Bella finally spoke and Damian turned around to see her glaring at her brother. Then her expression softened as she looked at something beyond Felix, “Hae mama.” 
Well waking up with your girlfriend being glared at by your girlfriend’s brother was uncomfortable. Making a fool of yourself the first time you meet the mother of the woman you want to marry someday? Well let’s just say it was not the best first impression,
He did not care what a lot of people thought about him but he really wanted Bella’s family to like him. He also wanted to meet them when he did not smell like sweat and a brew house running on two hours of sleep. 
He turned around slowly and looked passed Felix and found the woman near the door looking at him curiously. At least she was not glaring or looking at him like she wanted to cut off his hands.
“Hae baby,” Bella’s mum said when her eyes finally left him.
Before he could say anything Bella flew across the room and was hugging her mother. He smiled as he watched the apparent connection between the two women. 
Pulling apart Bella’s mom said, “I missed you baby.”
“I missed you to mum,” and then they were hugging again.
Or talking and hugging at the same time, he kind of lost track as Felix was still glaring at him. So he just smiled back awkwardly. He knew that Felix was only trying to protect his sister so he did not hold it against him. He just wanted to prove that his intentions towards his sister were pure.
When the talk hug session was over Bella came back and stood beside him and took his hand in hers. He was not a nervous person but at the moment he was grateful for her company.
She glared at her brother, “I locked the door; how did you get in here?”
Good question, he was also a little curious. Felix just shrugged and asked, “Who is he?”
Any other person would have been intimidated; he himself was a bit intimidated but not Bella. She stood up straighter and said, “This is my boyfriend Damian.”
Damian felt a wash of warmth flow through him and he smiled down at her.
They were pulled out of the trance they were in when Felix said, “Ooh now I see why you left home.”
Bella resumed glaring at her brother and asked sharply, “What does that mean?”
“You left home because of him.” Felix pointed to him and Bella said, “You can be such a jerk ass sometimes.”
Bella’s mum spoke up for the first time, “Bella language. I taught you better than that.”
“Sorry mum,” Bella said apologetically.
“Can I talk to you alone please,” Bella’s mum said again with a tone that was firm and left very little room for negotiation. 
“Mum…” Bella started but Damian cut in, “It’s okay babe, talk to your mum, we will meet later.” He knew it was risky but he kissed her lightly on the lips, they had to know that he was in her life to stay, he was not going anywhere. 
“See you at eleven,” he said lightly and she nodded. “Guys lets go,” he said to Tom and Zoe who were watching the whole exchange like it was a live movie. Or like a train wreck waiting to happen.
“Nice to meet you,” he said to the brother who was still glaring at him and then to Bella’s mum, “Good to meet you, ma’am.”
She smiled at him while she held the door open for them, “Good to meet you too young man.”
They had barely made it outside before the door was slammed on their face. 
Well, they got the clue loud and clear.
Tom slapped him on the back, “Well that went well.”
He let the back of his head lean on the wall, “As well as a root canal.” He cast worried looks back to Bella’s door, Tom must have sensed his worry and said, “Hey man she can handle her family, everything will be alright.”
“What if they convince her that I am not right for her?”
Zoe snorted, “I have not known Bella for long but she is the one person I know who knows her mind. Everything will turn out fine.”
Damian sighed, “You are right, do you guys want to come in?”
Tom nodded his head no, “Nah, I have to head home now to shower and change, meet you there.”
Damian nodded, “yah see you at one.”
Tom turned to Zoe, “let us share an uber since my car is still at the club.”
Zoe smiled at Tom and Damian thought there was something between the two of them. Maybe finally it was time for his friend to fall in love again. It had been a while since his friend dated so it was good someone would be there for him. He needed it.
Zoe said, “Okay let’s go.”
Damian smiled as he opened his door; he threw one last nervous look at Bella’s door. He thought about going back there to defend their relationship. He wanted them to understand that their relationship was young and they needed time for it to grow. He knew they would be great together. 
But Tom and Zoe were right, Bella spoke her mind. If she believed in their relationship her mother and brother would not change her mind. For them to work, she also had to believe. If he went over there it would seem like he did not trust her.
He wanted to trust her.
He wanted her to believe in them.
God, he hoped she fought for them.













CHAPTER NINETEEN
Bella was in love with Damian.
She wanted to tell him that before she told anybody else, especially her mother and brother.
The tension in the house could be cut with a knife and not a butter knife, a sharp knife. As soon as her mother shut the door Bella went behind the kitchen counter and started pulling out ingredients to make some tea. The counter between them made her feel better; it was like she had a buffer between her and whatever they had to say.
She asked, “Some tea?” She did not bother to wait for them to answer she just started brewing the tea. If they were going to talk, they were going to do it when she was nice and ready, not a moment sooner.
Her mother and brother cast a glance at each other and as if realizing what she was thinking they took a seat on the stools. They probably knew her better than she knew herself some time. 
“I would love some honey,” Her mother said as she took the seat closest to her. Bella smiled, it seems her mother was adopting the theory; you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar. That was okay for now. Bella could play ball but she was not going to bend to her mother’s will this time. Despite the fact that her mum had her heart in the right place.
She could still feel Felix glaring at her as she poured the tea into some mugs. At one time they had been good friends; they used to pull pranks on their mum together. Laugh and be silly. Now she did not remember the last time she had seen her brother smile. Now he behaved more like a domineering old-fashioned father than a brother. It was time for that to stop. Maybe this was a good thing. Finally, she would get to air how she felt and they would address her concerns head-on instead of running away. Running away had not helped matters in any way. She had barely written anything.
Yah sure she wished the conversation was under better circumstances but you get what you get.
It was time she grew up and wore a pair of britches.
She placed the two cups in front of them, she did not care if they drunk the tea, she was not planning to drink hers; she needed something to keep between her and them.
“Well I am ready,” she said as she leaned onto the counter facing them. No one made a move to take the cup in front of them.
Damn, that is how murderers in the olden days felt when they faced a firing squad.
“Well this is awkward,” she said and that got a smile out of her mum. Her brother still wore his stormy expression. She chose to ignore him and deal with her mum. She thought they had a deal since he came over last. Hailey must have really pissed him off.
On second thought maybe she should not ignore Felix, turning to him she asked, “How is Hailey, I heard you run into her recently.”
He growled and she smiled.
That piqued her mum’s interest who asked, “When did you run into Hailey?” Her mum loved Hailey like she was her own daughter. She always said that she was blessed to have two daughters, Bella and Hailey.
Relieved that the attention was not on her anymore Bella added, helpfully, “she went to visit Felix recently.”
Her mother sighed, “She is such a sweet girl.”
Bella burst out laughing and her brother snorted the first hint of a smile touching his face for the first time since he came in. She sent him the look they used to send each other when they knew something their mother did not know and he gave her one right back.
She smiled wider; this was the brother she used to know.
“Do not think you can change the topic young girl by diverting our attention,” Her mother said and Bella sighed, well that was fun while it lasted.
“No mama. Off course not, what do you want to know?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
She did not have to ask what, she already knew what her mother was asking. Her mother wanted to know why she did not tell her that she did not want to do engineering. She wanted to know why she had to run away from home like a teenager.
“I did not want to disappoint you,” She said looking down at her cup filled with the tea she had not taken a sip of.
“So you run away?” The catch of pain in her mum’s voice was the last straw. She had never wanted to cause her mum any pain. She just did not know how to tell her that she was not going to follow the path set out for her without disappointing her.
She looked up and took her mum’s hand in hers, “I did not mean to hurt you, I just had to do it.” Her mum looked at her right in the eye. Bella let her see everything. She let her see how suffocated she had felt. How she had let fear take over her heart instead of following what she wanted. She let her see how much she wanted her mum to be proud of her.
“Please understand,” she pleaded.
Her mother nodded, “I do not say I will understand, I just wanted you to have a better life than I did. But what I want most for you is to be happy. Are you happy baby?” 
Bella nodded, a single tear running down her cheek, “So happy mama. I am following my dreams.”
Her mother nodded again. She reached across the counter and wiped her tear, “Just remember our deal.”
Bella smiled, of course, her mum had to be the practical one, “Yah I do, one year then I have to come back home, but I feel it, mama. I feel it in my gut that I can make this work.”
Her mother nodded, “Good. Now tell me about the young man who just left.”
Her brother who had been quiet the whole time suddenly spoke, “Yah tell us.”
Ooh boy, here goes nothing.
*****
Three hours later they were all packed in Damian’s car on the way to his parent’s house. 
When they asked the question she had wanted to give them a long explanation. Then she realized that she was an adult and she did not have to answer to any of them. 
So she told them so.
Not in those exact words, she was older, not stupid.
She just told them as politely as possible that she was only trying to build a social life for herself. She liked Damien very much and they just had to accept him. They would give him a chance as they figured out where Damian and Bella would end up.
Both her brother and mother reluctantly nodded. Off course Felix said he was going to run a background check on Damian. Bella knew that as soon as he left he would do it. So she just nodded.
When they heard that she was going to Damien’s house to meet his parents they insisted that they also had to come with her. They had to see and judge his parents for themselves.
Felix had to add, “And if he turns out to be a serial killer we would know exactly how to trace him.” And her mother nodded her agreement.
Bella groaned for the third time, this was going to be a freaking nightmare.
They were going to interrogate Damien’s parents and embarrass her. It was like a parent escorting you to school on opening day and insisting to hug you in front of all your friends. Her mother had done that every opening day of school despite her protests that she could make it on her own.
Damien looked over from the driver’s seat and smiled at her.
He was so calm, in fact, he smiled from the moment they knocked on his door and he had not stopped since.
She did not understand, he should be as freaked out as she was. Maybe it was because Felix had finally stopped glaring at him, she reasoned.
That must be it.
They got to Damien’s parent’s house and Felix went around opening the door for her while Felix opened the door for mum. He took her hand into his and for the first time, she felt the nerves settle down. He smiled down at her, “It’s going to be fine.” He whispered and somehow she believed him.
She smiled at him, “Thanks.” They got lost smiling at each other. They even forgot about her mum and brother.
Her mum cleared her throat, “Hey we are not growing any younger over here.” 
They smiled as they led the way. It was going to be okay. For the first time, she believed that she was going to be okay. With Damien next to her she would be fine.
The day did not turn out as bad as she expected.
By the time the evening came around and they had to leave, her mum and Damien’s mum had already become a best friend. Felix had somehow been pulled into a game of chess with Tom, Damien, and his dad. A couple of times she had them laugh as someone lost. It was nice knowing her brother was laughing again. He needed to lighten up, sometimes he was too serious.
But it was Damien’s laugh that washed over her like hot chocolate. His laugh made her feel giddy and happy.
It felt damn good to be in love.





CHAPTER TWENTY
It had been two weeks since her parents left and she was finally writing.
The thing about writing was that when the bug hits, you cannot stop writing. The words just flow out and the world fades away as you get lost in the world of your characters.
Eating, bathing, and cleaning take a back seat.
Nothing matters like getting what you think onto the screen and the bug had bitten her hard. 
It seemed like all she needed to start writing again was to get her shit in order. At first, she thought that Damien would be put out by the fact that she would get lost on her computer for hours but he was great.
When he came back from work he made sure that she had something to eat and that she took care of herself. They now had keys to each other’s houses and spent their nights together. Well, he came over at night after taking a shower to keep her company while she wrote. He would carry his laptop and when she was too engrossed he would work beside her. It was nice having his presence next to her. She loved knowing he was close to her. That she could just reach out and hold his hand and he would be there for her.
Well, today she placed her last full stop and looked up. It was past midday and she just realized that in two weeks she was halfway through her first book. She was still debating on what the next direction her characters would take and she knew that that argument might take days in her head.
Might as well take a break, she thought as she saved her document and tilted the screen of her laptop. She needed to take a break and appreciate the man she loved. If she had had any doubts about Damien, the way he behaved this past two weeks proved that he was the one for her.
He was kind, he was patient and most important of all he was hot. She smiled at that thought. It was time she showed him how she felt about him.
Bella would make him a nice romantic dinner, with that thought in mind she picked up her house keys. Bella locked her door and headed out to the market to do some grocery shopping. She needed to do some preparation and surprise him when he came back from work tonight.
On the way, she texted Zoe, hey sorry I kind of disappeared on you, I was writing.
A second later Zoe replied, I know Damien told us.
Smiling she replied, when did you see Damien?
We kind of hang out in Tom’s restaurant every morning, he told us that you are now a writing machine.
Haha. We will hang out soon. 
Yah you can always come with your man and join us for breakfast in the morning.
A warm fuzzy feeling flowed through her like it did every time she thought of Damien as her man. I definitely will.
She added another text, what is happening between you and Tom? Tom and Zoe were hanging out a lot lately and she saw the way they looked at each other when the other was not noticing.
Nothing we just hang out.
Bella decided to poke fun at her friend, Zoe and Tom kissing in a tree.
Shut up, Bella.
K_I_S_S_I_N_G.
Bye, I am never talking to you ever again.
She smiled as she typed, love you too.
Still happy she called Hailey, “Woman I am back.” She said as soon as Hailey answered her phone.
“Shhh not so loud,” her friend groaned from the other end.
Bella double checked the time before placing the phone back on her ear, “woman it is past midday on a workday what are you still doing in bed?”
“Well, I took a sick day.”
Concern for her friend took over and she came to a standstill. She was on a busy street and people were moving all around her so she decided to move to the side of the road. Had she been so lost she did not realize her best friend was sick?
Hailey chuckled, “Well I am fine I just took a sick day coz I had a long night last night.”
Relief flooded her.
“Well, that’s great.” Yet her friend loved her job she never took a sick day. “Why?”
“You know how much I love my rugby players.” Hailey answered with a giggle.
Bella just shook her head even though her friend could not see her through the phone, “Let me get this straight, you met a rugby player, had a long night then called in sick?”
“Something like that.” Hailey chuckled.
“You are crazy.”
“Aaaw thanks babe,” Hailey said, “Well you finally surfaced; Damien said you were lost in your writing world.”
She had not introduced Damien to Hailey yet, “How do you know Damien?”
She could almost feel her friend rolling her eyes at her, “You do not know your mother very well. Everybody your mother knows; knows about Damien. I talked to him he seems nice.”
Bella rubbed her forehead, “he is nice.”
“So what are you planning to show him how much you appreciate him waiting for you?”
Bella protested, “He did not wait for me we were together every day.”
“Did you make love during these two weeks?”
Bella blushed, “No I was a little bit distracted.”
“Well, then he waited for you. Trust me he wanted to throw your computer away and have his way with you on the desk.”
Bella laughed, sometimes her friend was so absurd and, “How do you even know that.”
“Because that’s how I would feel if I was a guy,” she replied, “Now stop changing the subject, what are you planning for him?”
No need stalling, “I am on the way to the market to buy some ingredients to make him a nice romantic dinner.”
She could hear her friend think through the phone, Hailey thinking was never a nice idea. “What are you wearing tonight?”
“My clothes.”
Hailey sighed as if she was in pain, “I do not know how we are related.”
Bella laughed, “Because we are not related.”
“Semantics,” Hailey dismissed that immediately, “You have to wear something pretty for him.”
Bella pouted, “I do not have anything pretty.”
“Bella,” Hailey said in a voice that did not bound well for her.
“Yes,” Almost afraid, Bella answered. 
“Do you want to make Damien happy?”
Bella sighed, “Yes.”
She said sharply and loudly, “Then wear something pretty, do not make me come down there.”
Bella rolled her eyes. Hailey could be such a drama queen sometimes.
“Okay I will wear something pretty, are you happy now?”
“Very,” Hailey answered. “Do not worry I will help you pick out an outfit.”
And that worried Bella even more.


















CHAPTER TWENTY ONE
Damien had never been this happy. 
When he solved a particularly hard equation, he found this rush and adrenaline that filled him and made him feel like he was on the top of the world.
But this kind of happiness he had never felt. It was like his whole heart was complete and the feeling spread from his toes to the crown of his head.
He was actually skipping all the way to his car from work and all the way to his house from the car. Granted the past two weeks he did not have Bella’s full attention but that was okay. He understood where she was coming from; he always felt that need when he had to solve a problem. He still got to hold her half the night when she came to bed and waking up with her in his hands was the best feeling ever. If he could just hold her all day and night he would die a happy man.
Zoe had started joining them for breakfast in the morning when he met with Tom and he also did not mind her.
Bella was his only one.
Tom was his one best friend, but maybe he had room in his life for one more friend. He actually started talking and smiling at people when he was at the office. He was not overly chatty but he made a point to greet others and find out how they were doing.
His boss had even said that he was “nice” to work with for a change.
That made Damien smile, knowing Bella was already changing him for the better.
He made his way to his house as he usually did and took a quick shower. After changing into sweat pants and a black t-shirt he made his way to Bella’s house. Although his house was bigger and bed even bigger they spent most of the time in Bella’s house. They even slept on her bed; the small bed gave him an excuse to pull her closer. The bed gave him an excuse to cuddle and smell her sweet scent as she went into slumber.
The past two weeks she had come to bed so tired but he liked the way she reached for him as soon as she got into bed. He pulled her close until there was no space left between them, only then would he go to sleep.
He always woke up with a raging hard-on but there was no way that their first time was going to be a quickie.
He was going to take his time with her, show her just how much he adored her. He was going to worship every curve in her body. He would kiss every inch on her body and only when she was begging him to would he finally enter her.
He could almost imagine how wet and tight she would feel around him. How right, it would be like sinking home.
He cursed under his breath when he realized that he was standing on the hallway with a raging hard-on.
He knocked once before opening the door and coming to a complete stop.
He could swear that his heart also came to a stop with his feet as he took in what was before him.
The whole room was dark except for the illumination by a few candles placed around the room. They were few but placed high up on the wall so that they cast a soft glow to almost every section of the room. He looked closer at the candle and sure they were LED candles, he loved romance but he was also practical.
He chuckled at that thought.
“You like?” Bella’s voice washed over him and his attention was drawn to her bed which was cast with shadows. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust but soon he saw her standing from her bed. She started walking towards him and when the light finally illuminated her, his still heart dropped to his legs.
What she was wearing was not the overly sexy stringy lingerie he saw when he watched porn once in a while. Instead, she had on a pink, short, see-through nightdress that seemed to flow over her body. The candle behind her illuminated her so that he could see all of her curves from where he was standing. The nightgown looked so soft and all he wanted was to run his hand over her body while she still had that gown on. What he wanted was to take the pointed tips of her breasts into his mouth and taste her. 
It was so sexy because it was so her.
His dick seemed to like the idea so much it was pointing directly at her.
He could not speak even if he wanted.
Oooh crap, I am going to come just looking at her; that was the first thought that crossed his mind. He did not know who moved first and he did not care.
All he cared about was that he finally had her in his hands.
He pulled her close until their bodies were flush to each other, there was no way she could not feel how turned on he was.
Instead of kissing her like he wanted to or tearing off her nightgown and burying himself in her, he looked down at her and smiled softly, “Hey.”
She smiled up at him and his heart finally dislodged itself from his feet and came back to its cage. “Hey yourself,” she said.
“I left the door open.”
She smiled wider, “I know.”
“God, you smell so good.” He said as he placed a light kiss on her neck. “So, so good.” He placed another kiss, he could not help it.
She giggled, “Thanks, I think.”
He loved that about her, he did not have to be on all the time. He could be him and she could be her. Together they could be themselves.
As if on cue Brett Young’s song In case you didn’t know came on.
She pulled back and looked at him, “Wanna dance with me?” She asked.
He took her hand and spun her around before pulling her close.
“I will l always want to dance with you.” He promised, “Always.”
She exhaled softly and then placed her head on his chest and they danced as Brett Young sang:
“One of the things I have been feeling, its time you hear them:
In case you didn’t know,
Am crazy about you,
I would be lying if I said I could live this life without you.
Even though I do not tell you all the time
You had my heart a long long time ago.
In case you didn’t know you got all of me,
I belong to you,
Yah you are my everything.”
It was perfect.
He was going to do everything in his power to keep her forever.
She was The Only One for him.
He was finally home.






SNEAK PEEK INTO THE NEXT BOOK ON THE NEIGHBORS IN LOVE SERIES
THE SASSY ONE

Present times.
Hailey was going to kill her best friend.
And she was not going to do it fast with a bullet to the head, no she was going to take her time and make her suffer, Hailey thought as her blind date droned on and on about himself.
Ever since Bella fell in love and got her happily ever after, she got it into her head that being in love was too good she wanted her friends to experience it too.
“I am not going to do it,” Hailey had protested the first time Bella brought up the idea. “No way in hell am I going on a blind date.”
“Yes you are,” said Bella who had driven over two hours to come and convince her. Bella knew Hailey too well, if she raised this over the phone, Hailey would have just hung up on her.
Hailey should have known something fishy was going on since Bella sent her the message that she wanted them to “hang out.”
They had not used the words hang out in over five years but she had agreed because she missed her friend. Hailey had come off from work early to find Bella had used her spare key to her house and she was already in the kitchen cooking dinner.
That should have been her second clue; Bella was using good food and her amazing baking to butter her up.
“Don’t you want to fall in love?”
She did not want to tell Bella that she was already in love with her brother, so instead, she took the plates from the table and headed over to the sink. She needed a distraction before the pain of unrequited love shred through her again. She thought that as time went by so would her feelings for Felix.
Instead, the idiot she was trying so hard not to love had gone to the army and gained a couple of muscles that made him look delicious enough to eat. When she saw him all she wanted was to explore every inch of him, first with her hands then with her tongue. She could vividly imagine how he would look standing in front of her, aroused and naked. Such a glorious image was full of possibilities.
She felt the same flush of warm heat she always felt when she thought about Felix slide through her and she embraced it. It was the only part of him she would ever have.
“Are you okay?” Bella’s voice so close to her snapped her from her bliss. “You seem hot and your eyes kind of glazed over, are you sick?”
Yah I am sick of loving your brother, her inner bitch replied.
She shook her head, “No I am fine.”
Maybe it was time she snapped out of the hold Felix had over her. Hooking up with guys she barely knew had not helped her, maybe her friend was right, going out with other guys, getting into a real relationship would help.
Or so she had thought.
Three dates later, she wanted to get into her car, drive over to her friend’s house and strangle her. 
Where did Bella even find these people? She thought as Ben or Bill, she was not really sure what his name was, went on and on about how he was successful. Being a successful bachelor must be such a bitch from the way he was whining. She had turned him out most of the night.
Not that he was not handsome, he was. In fact, if there was a calendar for handsome men he would be at the top of the list. Bella had told her that he was a very successful investment banker. Hailey worked in a law firm with men who dressed to impress so she knew that the Armani suit and Gucci watch he was wearing must have cost a pretty penny.
At first, she was glad Bella had set them up on the date; that was until he opened his mouth and started talking.
The man could not stop talking about himself!
She would bet he was one of those men who spent hours in front of the mirror talking to themselves. Probably in love with the way they looked. Felix would never do that.
She knew it was unfair to compare her dates to Felix but she just could not stop it. He was the best man she knew and he was more impressive than Ben or Bill, whatever his name was, but he never talked this much about himself. Felix had a way of looking at her that made her feel like she was the center of his universe.
She had known going in that she would not find that same feeling on these blind dates, but she was willing to settle for something less. Just not this less.
On one of the rare moments he stopped to take a breath she cut him short, “I really should get going; I have an early morning tomorrow.”
He looked stumped like he could not understand why she would cut such an amazing date short.
“Don’t you want to get dessert first?” He asked perplexed.
“Nah, I am good,” she said as she picked her clutch from the table. “You have a nice night.” She stood after she had left her share of the bill on the table. He did not even try to stop her from paying.
“See you around.” Then she left, as she walked away she could not stop thinking what a shame she did not have the chance to have dessert. Rosco’s had the best chocolate cake in town.
Well, you win some, you lose some.
Maybe she should pay Felix a visit; that ought to cheer her up.
He must be lonely living over there by himself in that big house, her inner bitch reasoned.
Granted he lived in a one bedroom apartment but she was not arguing with her inner voice on this. The bitch was right.

