The Agency 
Ann Knightingale
MACEY
	"I'm going to start by dipping your no good sorry butts in this vat of acid," Dr. Sunder cackled. He is a short man that has dark hair and not much of a profile. He has a pretty good beard growing so I can't see most of his face. Of course being hung by my wrists way above his head doesn't help either. I am right now dangling over a vat of green acid, that as soon as he lets me go I will plummet in to the vat and have my skin eaten off my bones all while I am inhumanely conscious. Usually I'm just fighting for an apple or something. Yeah, okay so I'm a street rat. I ran away on cocaine high. Now I along with two other girls am going to be sizzled.

	"You know, if you do that you can't really torture us for information stupid," I shoot at him hopefully able to stall for time till I come up with a plan to save the three of us. 

	"Yes, but that doesn't matter to me right now. I can still get the information I desire elsewhere. I can still kill you and not care one way or another, “Sunder shoots back. I still don't understand what information he is talking about. I am still not sure how he found me or where we are. I just know that I couldn't go back home knowing I would be sent to one of those sober up programs and it wasn't even me who slipped Cocaine in to my soda glass. 
 
	I'm about to say something else, and Sunder is about to press the button, when there is a giant crash and part of the stone ceiling came down on top of some of the monitors and control boards. Three people come through the hole they just made, the one girl of the group is dressed in black rubbery suit with a utility belt around her waist. She has long black shiny hair pulled back in to a ponytail. Her belt is slanted from her waist down to her hip.

 All of them are holding different weapons. The two guys jump in to action hitting Sunder in the face and gut while the lady unties the two of the girls bringing them to safety. She hugs them and sends the two to stand out of the way as she unties me. 

	"Thanks," I say gratefully before running off to hide in a corner. Once Sunder is knocked out the three take out their guns and shoot them in to the hole. The ropes that come out of the barrels of the guns catch on the edge. The two girls run and grab hold of the two guys. I stand there not sure what to do. Then the lady beckons to me to grab a hold of her. So I do and we shoot up out of the pit. 

	The two guys are already up on the surface with the two girls. One is shorter than the other and pale; he has a little muscle and wearing a short sleeved white muscle shirt and has short cropped brown hair kind of like a military hair cut that has grown out a little. He has a defined face with pale pink lips and slender nose; his eyes are a piercing blue. He must be at least 35. 

	The other guy is tanned with longer black hair that could easily get into his eyes if it was allowed to grow a couple more inches. He is well muscled and has a black short sleeved muscle shirt to show it off. His face is slender too but had a more defined jaw; his lips are dark as are his dark brown eyes. He’s tall enough that I am only up to his shoulder in height. He must be about 19 or 20 in age. 

They both have utility belts too but they have theirs across their shoulder kind of like a seat belt in a car. The three run to a cave and get out five pairs of skis. Evidently they don't plan on taking me with them. So they save me so that I can perish out here.

	"Sorry sweetie. We didn't know there were more than our girls here. So you’re going to have to rid with one of us," Says the woman, she points to the darker more handsome one," I suggest you ride with him. He is the he is the better skier out of us." I look over at the guy and really don't know what to say. So I act like I understand what the rush is. I really think this guy is cute so I am willing to get on the back of the skis.

	"Hold on," He says. I walk with him to the edge of the cliff where I gasp.

	“Trust me; I don't plan on letting go," I comment shakily. I feel his shoulders shake in a humorous laugh under my hands. If it wasn't of the fact that I am absolutely terrified I would hit him in the back of the head. He leans forward slightly about ready to take off the steep slope. I know that I'm not ready to go. 

	"Uh, you never told me your name," I try and stall for time to catch my bearings and maybe find a way out of this little fix.

	"Chester but everyone calls me Chest," Is all he says. Then he leans forward and we both shoot down the slope. I would scream if it isn't for the fact that the quickness of the jump practically takes the breath from my lungs. We speed down the slope looking at everybody’s back. 

	I hear Chest's deep muscular voice but can't understand what he is saying. I am about to ask him to repeat himself when all of a sudden he makes a sharp turn and I get flung off the skis. That's when I realize what he said. I fly back and over the cliff rolling down the snowy hillside. I roll myself up in to fetal position trying to protect my head from all the rocks that I hit as I tumble down the hill. 

Finally my head strikes one. It's big and pointed and I hit it full on force to the back of the head. Luckily reaching the bottom doesn't take long. I lay in the cold snow for a minute before looking around. I am on a path so I'm sure someone will come and help me. I don't know how many trails are here but I don't think it would be too many. All I could do was lay there, hope this is the same path that Chest and the others are coming down. I lay my head back down on the ice and I close my eyes. It would be so easy to go to sleep right now. but I can't, I'm afraid of the risk of hypothermia. A few minutes later I think, I really don't know if I fell asleep or not, hear skidding of skis on ice.

	"Don't worry. I'm here your safe. I can get you back to Amy and you will be fine," I hear Chest's voice as he runs and falls to his knees beside me. I feel his strong arms under me as he picks me up off the frozen ground. A sharp pain stabs my head, my eyes half open I reach to the ground and roll out of Chest's arms. He gasps once he feels my weight fall away from his arms. I fall the couple of inches to the ground again with a thump loving the feel of the cool ice, but not the ache of my body. He tries again this time I let him thinking of sleep. My eyes close and I allow my breathing to slow.

	"No, stay with me; tell me your name,” Chest persists.
	
“Macey,” I whisper on the verge of blacking out.
 
“Don't go to sleep Macey, you have to stay awake," Chest murmurs urgently in my ear. I feel the gentle rocking of his footsteps. My eyes open and I stare at clouds as they skate across the blue sky as we slowly walk forward. Chest's face is part of my view. He smiles at me and reassures me that things are going to be fine. When we reach the others the mom of the group whom I'm guessing is Amy comes and examines me. We were in a parking lot now with a big eight person van beside us. 

	"Maria you sit in front in my seat. Elaine you sit in the middle seat. I'm getting in the far back along with the girl. Chest if you please put her in the back when I get in and get things set up, remember to be gentle." Amy instructs. I hear rustling in the back of the van and girls murmuring nervously. I feel Chest step up in to the van and move to the back of it. I feel him kneel down and lay me on the seat. Amy must be by my head because she starts stroking my hair. I open my eyes and see Chest grabbing blankets off the back of the seat and start tucking them around me.

	"Pneumonia has started to set in, luckily you found her when you did. She's dehydrated probably from the loss of blood." Amy states like a doctor.
	
"Well I guess it is a good thing you’re a trained doctor and you didn't let Tim convince you that having some medical stuff around was a bad idea." Chest says. I guess he's both reassuring me and praising Amy. I squeak in fear. Sunder had done some pretty nasty things with needles and me over the day or so I was there.

	"Don't worry. We'll be quick. Chest will help me out here please. I need to stop the bleeding from the back of her skull," Amy says calmly. I look at him pleadingly but he doesn't look at me.

 He leans over the seat pulling up a bag of clear liquid, a clear line, an IV Case, and some gauze. Amy grabs the supplies and hands Chest the bag. I squirm knowing what she is going to do. I remember from all those crime shows I watch. Amy hold my arm out gently but firmly. She doesn't have to worry I'm too tired to put up much of a fight

	“She's like a hurt and scared rabbit or deer," He speaks to Amy in a quiet tone.
	
	I would have gotten out of their grip like I did any other doctors but I knew my struggles probably wouldn't affect him. The needle penetrates my skin and the tube on the end fills with my blood. Chest lets go after the needle is inserted in my forearm.

 I wrench back and Amy grabs hold of it to finish the rest of the procedure. She pulls the tube off and inserts the clear line in its place. The end of the line is inserted in the valve on the bag. Chest squeezes the bag and the liquid comes and runs in to my body. 

	Amy checks out the back of my head and presses gauze to the wound. She's trying to see if there's any reason to worry about a concussion. She checks my pupils and nods to the front of the van. The van slowly moves forward taking us I don't know where.

	"Don't sleep," Amy says, “You have some head trauma." I really just want to pass out. But with Amy prodding around and Chest checking other things doesn't help. I slide my head off Amy and on to the floor, I roll safely under the seat out of their painful reach. Every time they prod my face, neck, or back it hurts. But down here there isn't any worry about that. I drop off to sleep thankfully.

		 I wake to being on a couch Chest, Amy, and the other guy by my side. People I don't know, maybe I am at a rehab. All I know is that I need to leave. I push myself up to my elbows. I look for an escape route with no luck I curl up trying to make myself smaller. I cringe as far against the couch back as I can. Amy reaches out towards me and puts her hand on my shoulder. Chest bends down to where he is face to face with me.

	"Where are you from Macey?" Amy asks.

	“I’m from a small town in Oregon." I answer shakily.
	
	"You are in a compound in the middle of the desert in Arizona." Amy explains

	 Chest lends me his hand to help me stand up. I take it and try to stand but fall back. I close my eyes till the dizziness had passed. Amy stands next to me and checks my pulse and then my pupils. She gives me the okay and walks out of the room and in to the hallway behind me. I hear doors open and close followed by grumbling and happy little hops. I stand up when I hear Amy's voice.

	"Macey I would like you to meet the rest of the family. This is Maria," Amy explains pointing to the dark haired green eyed girl that I was trapped with earlier.
	
	"This one is Elaine," Amy continues pointing to a small blonde brown eyed girl. The other one I was trapped with.
	
	"And then this little jumpy squirt is Benjamin," Amy finished pointing to a short boy that looked a lot like Maria except for a chubby face and brown hair. He can't be more than four.

	"Maria, Elaine, Benjamin this is your new sister Macey," Amy introduces. I bow my head in greeting. Maria glares as me, Elaine waves, and Benjamin the cute little boy runs up and wraps his little arms around my waist and stares at me with deep green eyes like his sister's. They look so much alike that it's easy to tell that Maria and Benjamin are brother and sister. 

	"Come read to me," Benjamin begs me.

	"Oh, honey I don't think she's ready for that," Amy explains in a sweet voice.

	"No I don't mind," I reply before Benjamin's heart is broken. I had a little brother before I left. Benjamin took my hand and led me down the hall. Amy smiled pleased, Elaine smiled too, and Maria glared at me some more. Benjamin led me to his room which was decorated half in the cars movie and half just plain.

 I stopped suddenly remembering my brother. Tears came to my eyes, he would have loved this room, and Benjamin too, he is the only thing I regret leaving behind. I stepped out in to the hall shaking my head. I turn and run. Tears blurred my vision that I almost ran in to Amy. I brushed passed her and run out the back door. Wide open fields surround the small house that my new family lives in. Without thinking I take off straight ahead and run until I can't run anymore. I fall on to the hard packed ground and cried.

 I couldn't tell them of my past I barely knew them yet here they were inviting me in to their family as if I was an old friend. My heart went out to them it really did. I cried some more thinking of my old family. Then I remembered the cocaine and the way my parents reacted to the whole scene.

	They yelled at me and practically cursed me for what had happened. No matter how hard I tried to explain either I was really high or they would jump down my throat before I could get a word in to defend myself. I thought it was the fact that I was high because I couldn't quit saying how much I loved it. But really it was the soda I loved not the drug. Once I was able to get enough barrings to say something they would be back to yelling. I got out of bed at about 3 A.M., grabbed some personal things like blankets pictures and others, wrote a note, and walked out the front door.

 I had dreamed that I could go down to Nevada and meet my favorite magician. In the dream however my family had vanished except my brother. The magician found us passed out from malnutrition and dehydration. He took us in and adopted us. But this was a little different circumstance. After I had sobered up a little I was probably down near Heppner Oregon when I realized that I couldn't go back home now, nor would the magician want to take in any troubled teenager or child, especially a supposed druggie. 
	
	I kept walking hoping to find somewhere to continue living practically any way I could. I didn't care if I was stuck at a gas pump and sharing an apartment with some older lady who wanted no more than to have me sit and look through her hundreds and hundreds of photo albums and to wash her ten to twenty cats. I would be bored to death and scratched up to pieces but at least I would be alive. The job would have been a problem out in the cold but as I said at least I would have been alive. I had made it down in to Nevada when Dr. Sunder found me. 

	A few minutes later I got up and walked a few more feet. I sat down on a plump of dirt and thought more about what had happened.

	"You should have stayed with the family," A familiar voice said behind me," I can tell that the family lives close by. How else would you have gotten out here?"

	When I turned around I saw that Sunder stood behind me, his lab coat flapping in the small breeze really adding to the villain effect. It seemed to be too nice a day for him to be out in the open without shriveling up. 
	
	"Stand up!” Sunder said forcefully grabbing me by the hair and pulling me to my feet," Now I can have my way with you."

	"You know you already tried this once and miserably failed. So why do you want to try this again?" I inquire. 
	
	"Shut up!" he screeched punctuating his sentence with a hearty slap to my face. My face stung as I reeled back. But not very far because Sunder still had a grip on my hair. I held my head where it was pounding from his grip. 

	"Go forward!" Sunder commanded. Not wanting my scalp to be wrenched from my head I listened and started walking to wherever he was directing me. We went through a small creek that must be mountain run off because it was really cold. We walked several more yards when he stopped abruptly and pulled at my collar to where I ended up on my butt on the ground. Sunder walked forward and kicked a rock. 

A couple feet away a hillside in caved leaving a gaping hole. Sunder came back to me and roughly pulled me back to my feet. He shoved me forward toward the hole. I walked forward and noticed that there were steps that lead down deeper into the ground. I walked forward and headed down in to the dark abyss.

	When we got to the bottom I recognized that the lab was exactly like the one I had been held in before. Sunder lead me down another hallway he opened a steel door with a palm print scanner and escorted me inside. There were seven cells around the room. Above the first one was a plaque that said 'Death Row'. Sunder unlocked the door with an old fashion key and pushed me inside. 

He smiled as he locked the door behind me. I ran the couple of steps to the cell bars and looked out as he walked out the heavy metal door. Once the door closed I heard the click of the mechanical lock. That's when I realized that today just might be my last. 

	I sat in the cell for what seemed to be days. I knew that it wasn't or else the family would have found me by now. I wondered if Sunder had the decency to feed and water his prisoners or if he was cruel enough to let them starve to death or die of dehydration. I wondered exactly what Sunder was doing right about now. In the past few hours I've learned that Sunder doesn't work alone. 

He has goons that handle his dirty work. There were at least three that were making sure that I didn't escape and probably a few more outside.  I don't know what these guys suspected me to do. But they had me locked up pretty tight along with guards making sure that I didn't get out or that nobody got in. I wasn't sure if I should be worried, scared, excited, or intimated. The guards all joked in rotating shifts about my death. They heard of my last escape but were positive that I wasn’t going to escape the fate again.  

	It must have been a few hours later because I fell asleep. I woke up to the sound of my cell door opening. 

	"You know there is a reason that the plaque on your door says death row," One of the guards sneers grabbing me roughly. He towed me out of the cell and brings me out in to the open lab. I stood in the middle of the floor with my hands chained together above me.  

	"Did you know that as a child I wanted to be a medical doctor?" Sunder asks," I didn't make it that far but I know how long it takes someone to die of suffocation, Drowning, fires, bleeding, bodily damage, and illness. Now I would like to pass some of that knowledge to you, of course there is no better way than hands on experience".  One of his goons gave him a remote. Sunder pressed a button on the remote and the chains picked me up of the ground. My wrists screamed with pain from the stretch of the pulley and my weight pulling opposite directions. He pushed another button and a trapdoor in the floor opened. 

	"For some strange reason I've always felt a connection with water so we will start with that one," Sunder said casually. He pushed another button and the pulley dropped me into the freezing pool of water. I looked up to see glass covering the opening making it to where there was no way I could go up for air and that there was no air in the tank. Sunder came over and stood on the glass studying me. I floated up to the glass remembering to relax so I didn't waste my air supply struggling. 

This way I got to live a few extra seconds hoping that it would give me time for someone to rescue me. But already my body was coming in to totally freak out mode. My lungs were starting to cramp up. I hope I can preserve my breath till someone came. At this minute I didn't care who it was.

	Now I'm really getting light headed. I need air and soon or else I'm going to pass out and my body will breathe. Then I would have a problem and a watery grave where the people I loved wouldn't know what happened to me or where to find my body. I forced my eyes closed and relaxed even farther. I could already feel my consciousness slipping away, the pain in my chest slowly went away I could tell I was on the brink of consciousness.

 My body floats at the top of the tank and I can feel the cold glass against my skin. All the sounds and feelings seem dull, even the glass. I can't feel the pressure of water against my skin. But I know it's still there I'm pretty sure I would have felt myself be lifted out or if the water drained.

	I can hear thumping going on somewhere above.  But that's all I can tell you. I can't tell if its bodies are flying or just clumsy goons dropping things. I can now feel myself sinking so I know my oxygen is all but gone so the weight of my body is making me sink. I hit the ground of the tank and I couldn't feel the muscles in myself.

 I seemed to be lost in my own body, slowly drowning. I can hear more distant thuds and crashes. Something is happening above me but I'm too weak and lost to move. It feels as if my body is paralyzed. The floor below me starts to fade as does the blue behind my eyes. 

The blue turned to black and it feels like I'm falling. I can hear more glass shattering and feel the pools water stir as if someone had just jumped in. I feel a weird bending sensation and rushing water. Then it's all of a sudden cold, and then once again I pass out.

	When I wake up I notice I'm breathing. My first thought is that I’m dead; the last thing I remember was being drowned. As far as I know I never left the tank. Finally my senses catch up to me and I can hear crashing of metal and glass. I can feel the floor underneath me; the cold air is actually a welcome even though it sears my lungs and throat. 

Slowly I open my eyes to see I’m actually alive and laying on the floor of the lab with a blanket over me. Chest looks down at me soaking wet along with Amy who is actually dry. I sit up immediately, I wish I hadn’t, a wave of dizziness comes over me. I lay back slightly on to my elbows and waited for it to pass. When it does I nod my thanks to them and lowly stand up.

 I wrap the blanket around my shoulders and look around to see Maria and Elaine with some sort of weapon absolutely taking it to the three goons they are fighting. All of the equipment was once again smashed in to pieces for I don’t know how many times. I looked over to see Sunder screaming his head off about his little experiment, how it was ruined, and how he was going to save me just in time. He makes it sound as if he wasn’t planning on killing me eventually.

	Amy, Maria, Elaine, Chest, and I walked out in to the bright sunlight. It felt great. But maybe that is because I had just been dropped in to a tank of Freezing Mountain run off. When we got to the house I just stood out on the porch. I don’t think I belong here. Already I had, had the family save me twice within a single day. 

	“Come in sweetie no need to stay out there where you’ll catch a cold. We need to get you some dry clothes, “I hear Amy's sweet voice coming from inside the house. I still don't understand why this family that seems to be doing so good would take in a homeless girl that they don't know or have any reason to trust, and then when she disappears they go out and find her? I just don't understand it.

	"Macey! Get in here!" Amy's voice is harder this time so I walk in to the house and watch as she runs around getting things together," Go get in the shower the water is already running and warm, while I get some clothes for you." I do as I’m told and try to find the shower. I can hear it down the hall and head that way. Just as I'm about to get in the shower I think' Crap! What if Chest is in there? He was wet too from saving me'. I grab my wet clothes and wrap the blanket back around my shoulders covering myself before I slink silently out of the bathroom. I knock on the door once I close it to make it seem as if I hadn't just been in there.

	"No one’s in there," I hear Maria's voice behind me, “Chest decided to go run the perimeter to be sure there aren't any more secret labs near our base. So you won't stumble in to one of them again."

	"It wasn't my fault. He found me and brought me there," I defended turning around to face her.

	"Oh, well then I guess it’s perfectly okay that you just put the whole family in danger," She sneers.

	"I didn't say that Maria. But it's not my fault that he found me. How was I supposed to know that he crouched here?"

	"How about you watch where you’re going and your mouth."

	"I'm not the one getting under somebodies grill for an accident."

	“How about you just get out of our lives Macey Like everyone here wants. It would make things here a lot easier. Then we wouldn't have to be saving your hide every couple of minutes."

	"You don't. Besides, Amy seems to want me to stay here." With that Maria got mad and started to walk off. I glare at her as she does. I go in the bathroom and drop everything. I get in the shower and let the nice warm water just run over me slowly warming me up.

 After a few minutes I turned the water off and got out. Amy nicely brought in clothes earlier and I must not have noticed. There are dark blue jeans and a purple T shirt. A really nice shirt as if I was about to go to a board meeting or something. I got dressed and walked out in to the living room.

	"They're a little baggie but I plan to take you in to town later on this week anyway," Amy says examining me. Everyone is sitting in the living room watching something on the television. They all turn their attention back to the screen when the commercials end. The missing persons report comes on and flashes people's faces that are missing from all over the country. The last of the photos made me gasp along with the rest of the family. The last photo was of me.

	"This Seventeen year old girl was last seen last Tuesday after coming home from a party high on cocaine. Her parent’s suspect that she might have ran off when the high had finished taking over her senses in the middle of the night. If she is seen please call the news station," The Reporter said. 

	Amy switched off the T.V. and turned to me," I think it's time for you to tell us what exactly happened and how you came around to be here." Everyone else nods looking solemn. My guess is that they were afraid that I was putting myself and the family in danger, I personally wouldn't blame them. So I tell them everything that I remember from that night. I also tell them I don't want to go home and if I do I'll probably just run off again. I explain my family and how they reacted to the accident. Every one listen intently all look as if they really believe me. All except for Maria and Benjamin, Benjamin is asleep in Chest's lap and Maria has a smug look on her face. 

	"So you brought not only the enemy here Macey but drugs too," Maria smirked.

	"Maria Hush be nice to her!" Amy says with severe sternness," It was an accident."

	"What if when Macey went out earlier she was actually snorting crack when Sunder found her, as far as you know mom Sunder is her supplier and she couldn't pay the price for the crack she'd already used. You don't have the proof to say she's innocent," Maria rages on.

	"Don't you think that I would have left by now? As soon as you guys had saved me the first time I would have left if I was an addict. But I'm not. Go get my clothes and search them. You won't find a trace. I'll even take a drug test," I argue with her.

	"Sure, mom she offered I'll even put the needle in her arm. Sorry Macey we don't have any drugs to put in the other side."

	"Maria! I told you that, that was enough," Amy yelled sounding fierce,” Now apologize to Macey now and go to bed it's way past the normal lights out."

	Maria just glared at me as she went past not saying a word. When Amy mentioned bed I realized how tired I really am. Today had been a long tiresome day. I sit down on the couch with the rest of the family as Chest carries Benjamin carefully and tenderly to his bed. He comes back out and sits in the rocking chair directly to my right in front of the door. We all sit there staring at each other not sure what we are supposed to tell each other. 

	I must have fell asleep because the next morning I found myself lying down on the couch with blankets covering me. I could smell pancakes being made as well so I know that the morning bustle has started. I jump up not sure what to do to try and help. I don't want to appear to be a free loader and I don't want to ruin these peoples trust they have in me. I walk in to the kitchen to see if I can help cook. Maria is in there talking to Amy as she cooks.

	"Good morning Macey," Amy says cheerfully as if last night didn't happen. Maybe it was just a dream, maybe my picture hadn't flashed across the missing persons report. 

	That is until Maria starts to speak," I hope you’re not coming in here to cook Macey. I don't want cocaine being dropped or slipped in to my food." I turn and scowl at her.

	"Don't you have school or something to go to Maria," I hiss back at her. She doesn’t even flinch at me tone but personally I don't care. I haven't gone to school in a week but I'd put up with enough crap from people my own age let alone take it from someone who was at least three years younger than me. Maria glares and I just shrug. I might have put up with her yesterday but I'm not in the mood for it today. I will literally throw back whatever she can dish out. I love revenge some times and that is what I plan on using at some point. 

	"Crud I got to go mom time for my lesson," Maria says jumping up and running by me. That's when I notice her hair is pulled back in a ponytail and wearing a jump suit kind of like Amy's when she came with Chest and her husband Tim to save Elaine and Maria. Suddenly I was curious to know what exactly she was training for. As far as I know she could be on the softball team (If there is one around here) or she was training to run a marathon.

 I honestly don't think that she's all in to sports though.  That is unless you count fighting for your life as a sport. Amy brought over to plates of pancakes and sat down at the table across from me. She passed one over to me and handed me a fork. I don't feel like eating so really I just pick at my food. Amy digs in and finishes. 

	She looks at me and says," You haven't eaten in at least 24 hours so you need to eat now."

	"I can't Amy. I feel as if I've betrayed your trust. I don't understand why you brought me in to your family. I'm not all that special and obviously I'm not getting along well with Maria. I'm amazed you haven't made me leave yet," I tell her. 

	"You haven't betrayed anyone’s trust; your luck with Maria really isn't surprising. She and Benjamin never had a mother figure before I got to them. Elaine is the only one here that is actually my own. Even then we weren't sure if she was going to make it. So we've adopted. 

"I brought you in to the family because I don't want to see you turn down the wrong road just to stay alive. I enjoy having you and helping you. I would never make an innocent child leave my house," Amy explains completely serious. I smile glad to hear that I'm not stepping on any toes besides Maria's. But honesty I didn't care if I made her upset. I know of at least two people now that are happy that I'm here. I go back in to the living room and start cleaning up my sleeping space. 

	I hear weird noises coming from outside while I fold up the blanket. I put it down and head to the window that looks out over the vast piece of land that the family calls 'The Base'. The sun shines brightly and I know it must not be any later than 9:00 in the morning, but no earlier than 7. The noises I'm hearing are actually coming Maria. She and Chest are fighting. I mean full out punches and kicks. 

They both are being offensive and defensive. Right now Maria is on the offensive as she moves fluidly through the posts on the deck. She flips through and around them as Chest runs up the steps to join her. He tries again to grab her head but she ducks and almost runs in to Chest's raised knee. But she dodges going back up to the top rail. 

Chest catches her and pulls her over the rail and hugs her tight as if trying to take her hostage. She squirms and eventually slithers to the deck and quickly rolls away. I'm certain that she's going to roll off the deck and tumble down the steps but she catches herself and is able to get a running start back at Chest. She jumps and adds a round house kick to his well, chest. He splutters and tries to regain his breath. Maria takes the time to put him in a choke hold. 

	"Uncle! You win Maria. You win. Let go," Chest coughs," Just be more careful with your surprise attacks. Try to not be yourself and mix things up a little more then you'll get them for sure." I grin and go back to folding the blanket and straightening out the couch. I try to make it seem as if I hadn't just slept on it.

	"Macey! Are you ready? I promised you I was going to take you to town this weekend to get you some clothes," Amy says kind of skipping in to the room. She looks at the couch and how I'd straightened it up for her so she didn't have too. She smiles and grabs my hand as if she's a teenager and we're best friends and have been since we were toddlers. But she's fifteen years older than I. 

But yet there is a connection between us. Amy grabs her coat and bag as we head out to the side of the house where they store the van I'm guessing. Then I realize as we turn the corner that they have three cars not only one. The van sits next to a corvette and next to that is a big jeep. Amy walks toward the Vet and climbs in to the driver’s seat. 

The Vet is a very stinging red with black interior. The jeep is a silvery gold color with tan interior. They are both real cool cars, but the Vet wins when Amy puts in the key and turns on the ignition. She revs the car a couple of times and I love the beautiful sound. My own mom would be in love with both Amy and the car right now. I get in to the passenger side, Amy hits the gas pedal and we are on our way to town.

	Amy and I roll down the windows to let in some fresh air. I breathe in the sweet scent of the outside world. We ride in the car for maybe half an hour before we get in to town. Amy pulls up on to the side of the road and we get out of the car and walk in to the town. I look around and see a lot of vendors as we walk down the street. They all are surrounded by pretty bright colored tents with shelves on the outside the tents full of other colorful things.

	"This is Kolalaya, I absolutely love this place. Macey this the flea market sort of but this one doesn't go away after a couple weeks, it’s here all year long. Another cool thing is that this town is not on the maps so you don't have to worry about traffic. Even though there are visitors from exploring people," Amy explains to me simply. I look around in absolute shock. 

How could a city as big as Kolalaya not be noticed? Kolalaya is maybe about a third the size of New York City. This is still pretty big. Amy and I are walking through the less organized area. We're not actually in the city; we're more like in the more urban area. The only difference is that there aren't any houses in this area just little sandstone buildings and those colorful tents. If I didn't know better I would say that we just stepped in to the world of Aladdin. 

	I look around in amazement and stop in the middle of all the walking people just to take in the square that we just came in to. Now I know why we had to drop the car off outside of the selling area. There are so many tent shops and people that the car would have been stuck here for hours before it could move an inch. Amy comes up and grabs my hand again pulling me along. We walk forward towards one of the bigger shops in the Square.

	A couple hours later I find myself sitting at a table beside one of the sandstone buildings. I sip at water and remember all the clothes that Amy thrust upon me. I figured that a few pairs of pants, shoes, socks, and shirts were all there was going to be. But I ended up with about seven or eight of everything, from regular jeans, to dresses, to bedclothes and so on. Amy looks really pleased with herself so I go along with it.
	
	"Tell me Macey did you or do you like anybody at your old home?" Amy asks clearly trying to make small girly talk. 

	"Well," I answer," There were a few but all the guys at my previous school weren't really my type but tried any way."

	"What do you think about Chest?"

	"Chest? What about him?"

	"Well, he's handsome, strong, polite, plus he cares about people."

	“I don't know. Yeah I guess he's cute." I respond to the odd situation.

	Personally I don't know exactly what I think about him. I do like him I guess but yet he seems close to Maria. We eat lunch and head back home. 

	“What about Maria. He seems pretty close to her?” I ask.

	“Maria? No they have a brother sister relationship. Maria tried about a year ago to get him to like her but it didn’t really work out. Chest finds himself looking at her more as a sister than a companion in life. I suggest you wait a little while than try to make your move. But I strongly suggest not around Maria. 

Who knows what she would do,” Amy answers back truthfully. I sit in shock amazed with the idea that she wanted me instead of her daughter to be with Chest. I know what she means by making my move outside of Maria’s presence. Right now to get on her good side is to stay out of her way and not open any old wounds. Other than that it was a fairly quiet ride back to the base. 

	When we got home Maria and Chest were still training. But now they had moved to where the cars are normally parked. They flipped over the van and jeep a lot. Maria managed to run ahead of Chest and got two corners ahead of him. She took what little time that gave her to climb up on top of the van. Chest stopped running around clearly able to tell that she had tricked him. He got on the ground to look under the van which is when Maria jumped off and landed on top of him. They both collapse in to laughter. Amy taps me on my shoulder and I turn to look at her. 

	She winks at me and calls," Hey Maria! Will you help me take this stuff in to the house please? We walked around so much earlier than me feet are killing me."

	"Sure mom no problem. Just give me a sec," Maria answers.

	Maria runs forward past me and over to the corvette to help Amy load things in to the house leaving me alone with Chest. Now is my chance to make my move.

	"Hey Chest. I have a question," I call over to him.

	"Sure shoot," He calls back.

	"Um.... Would.....you consider.... Being my..... Self-defense teacher?" I ask. That was not the intended question I was going to ask.
	
	"Sure Macey. But not right now I need some time to catch my breath from my bout with Maria." Chest explains.

	“Okay no problem. Maybe later," I answer. What is wrong with me?! I can't seem to spit out the right words. Now instead of a date I have a self-defense teacher. I follow Chest in to the house and join Tim by the T.V.

	 As it turns out I end up watching the four hour car race. Then I remember the fighting class with Chest. But it's too late to ask him now. Already it's time to wash up and get ready for bed. So I guess that my plans are going to have to wait till tomorrow. Instead of crashing out on the couch I share a room with Elaine

	I wake up in the morning, and go to take a shower. I dress in a red t-shirt which must be the only plain one Amy permitted me to buy. I have a pair of soft blue jeans like the ones I had back at home. I bush out my hair and put it up in a ponytail. Unsatisfied I wrap my hair around the holder and clip it there making it in to a bun. It feels good to have my hair off my neck and weighing down the back of my head. I put my towel and dirty clothes in the basket by the door in Elaine's and my room.

	As I walk out of the hall I can hear Amy's Cheerful voice make its way down the hall and to the three bedrooms and the bathroom," Today's Tuesday! This means its laundry day. Put your baskets out by your door for pick up in ten minutes or you’re going to have to do laundry yourself, or not have clean clothes till next week."

	I walk down the hall to Elaine's and my room and grab my Light purple basket by the handles and put it out by the door as Elaine grabs her pink one. They both have the same make up but different colors. As I open the door for Elaine I see Maria's Black basket come flying out of the adjacent room to ours. I sigh as Maria's clothes spill out all across the hallway. Benjamin runs out carrying his light blue one that looks a little too heavy for him.

 He drops it and I can't help but giggle when his clothes spill. I walk diagonally across the hall to help him clean up his clothes. Chest comes out carrying his dark blue basket and sets it down. By the expression on his face he'd rather do his own laundry but Amy won't let him. Once Benjamin’s basket is filled up again with his clothes and sitting up instead on its side by the door we all head out to breakfast. When we finish eating Benjamin, Elaine, Amy, and Tim head in to the living room to watch television probably some cartoons since Benjamin went in first. 

	"It looks like it's going to be a nice day," I say trying to remind Chest about our little agreement.

	"Yes, it is," Chest answers," Oh, Macey I'm sorry I promised Benjamin last night that I would read to him this morning. I totally forgot."

	"It's fine. Maybe a little later."

	"Right, I think I'm free this afternoon."

	"Okay, whenever you can will work."

	I sigh inwardly to myself so he can't see my disappointment and so he doesn't think I'm desperately in love with him. I'm not desperate just in love with him. He seems to be able to do everything perfectly. He knows just what to say. Like now for instance. He just let me down so sweetly that yes, I'm disappointed but I'm not heartbroken. 

I understand commitment to a young person verses an older one. So I don't push the subject and don't whine about it. I suck it up and head in to the living room to watch the ending of Tom and Jerry. I sit up against the couch and see Benjamin lying on the floor on his stomach holding his head up with his hands. Amy, Elaine, and Tim all sit on the couch and the wooden rocking chair. 

Obviously sitting spots aren't a problem. The best seat is taken by Elaine, but I've seen Maria sit there and no one made her move. Heck I've seen it to where the adults sat on the floor and the kids got the couch and chair.

	Once Tom and Jerry is over Benjamin runs off to find Chest so he can get his story time. I help Amy clean up the kitchen from breakfast it took at least ten minutes but it felt nice to do something other than take up space. I start the dishwasher for Amy and wipe down counters and the table. Amy rinses pot and pans and wraps up leftovers for snaking on throughout the day. When there's nothing else to scrub, wipe, mop, bag, put away, and throw away I go outside. I'm hoping to find something else to pass my time with. I walk around to the side of the house and find Tim working on the jeep. 

	"Hey, Tim do you need any help? My dad's a part salesman and built his own race cars I might be able to help you," I ask adding a little more information than I wanted to.

	"Sure, I can use about all the help I can get. Don't tell Amy but I don't have any clue what I'm doing. Most of the time I'm on the phone getting a walk through from my friends. Learning how to fix whatever is wrong with the car while I go along."

	"I don't know all that much but I know some." Tim moves over and gives me room under the hood. I tinker around not exactly sure what I'm looking for.

	"What exactly is the problem?" I ask.
	
	"One of the lights are on, on the dash. I need to fix the water lines. I just put more water in it the other day and it keeps leaking. I had a friend check it out. He only had time to tell me what's wrong because he had a date or else I wouldn't be stuck here messing with something I don't know anything about," Tim explains adding more information than needed. 

I check the oil to see it needs changed as well as the water lines needing fixed. I change the oil and the lines in less than two hours. I walk to the back of the house and grab the hose to fill the lines with water and to wash up. Amy probably wouldn't be happy to see me covered in grime from the car. I fill the lines and wash my hands off in the hose's stream. It feels good to no longer have grime covered hands. I can finally see the actual color of my skin now.

	"Okay Tim start her up!" I shout to him in the car. He turns on the ignition and the car comes to life. He gives me a thumb up telling me everything is working properly. I walk back and put the hose away where it belongs and look at my watch. It's just about noon. I walk back in to the house to help Amy get ready for lunch. But when I get there lunch is already made. I sit and wait patiently feeling happy about all the things I've done today. The family started to file in as I was staring out the window.

	"There you are Macey. I've been wondering how those clothes have been fitting you. But every time I remember to ask you've disappeared to go and do something else," Amy tells me.

	"Oh. Sorry Amy I've been getting a lot of things done today and have been learning more about the family," I explain leaving out the fact I helped Tim with the car.

	“Too bad you didn't stay gone. Probably the only thing you did was smoke on your cocaine pipe, or shooting up. Or both," Maria hisses under her breath. I so can get her back about the laundry basket but decide that if I'm going to live here I might as well try to get along with everyone in the family. Even if not all of them want me here. 

	Lunch doesn't take too long but Chest is one of the first ones out in to the living room. Amy nods to me and I take off after him.

	"Hey Chest. What's up?" I ask trying not to look as if I'm reminding him but enough he'll figure it out on his own.

	“Not much. According to Amy and Tim you've been a busy bee today," Chest replies honestly.

	"I guess. It helped the morning move faster than usual. Plus it helps me feel like I'm pulling my own weight. Other than letting others carry it for me," Dang, I gave to much information again. It wouldn't surprise me if he got up and walked away briskly and never looked at me again. He just smiled and nodded. Then the smile falls off his face.

	"Crap! Macy I'm sorry I promised Tim I'd go scope out the land around here to make sure Sunder hasn't hunkered down anywhere around here. Maybe when we get back," He says distressed. I shrug my shoulders as if I don't really care but once again I feel a little let down but don't want to show it. We make a little small talk When Tim calls him to get ready to go. I wave and head in to my room.

 I close the door behind me and run to my bed before I can't hold the emotion any longer. I flop on my stomach on my bed burying my face in to my pillow and let out a heartfelt and heartache scream. The pillow muffles the sound so no one in the house will hear my distress.

	To pass the time till Chest gets back I plan to busy myself Maybe do a little reading with Benjamin and perhaps a little back and forth with Maria just for the fun of it. I make my way to Benjamin's room. I stand at the door breathing, trying to gain composure for the hour or so I'm planning on spending in the room that reminds me of my brother so much. Finally I turn the knob and walk in to see Benjamin already with a stack of books beside him and going through them one at a time upside down. Right now he's 'reading' The Little Engine that Could. 

	"Hey, Benjamin do mind if I read to you?" I ask.
	
	"Would you please?" He asks me back.

	"Sure Bud." I lay next to him on his bed and he hands me the book. 

	"Chug, chug, chug," I started. It takes several minutes to get through half of his stack. Benjamin refuses to let me go until I finish the stack of his favorite books. But in the middle of the stack he falls asleep. I lay there wondering what I'm going to do. Should I let him sleep?

 Wake him and continue reading? Or just keep reading to him through his sub consciousness? I eventually choose the first and slowly rise up off the bed. I grab a blanket that is laid in a chair and toss it over him; I tuck it around him and make sure that even his toes are covered. I move the books on to the floor so he won't roll on to them and wake up with the noise of them hitting the floor. I turn to leave and see Maria standing in the doorway.

	"Better not be sharing any of your Cocaine with my brother," She says snidely

	"I wouldn't but am willing to give you a sniff," I shoot back.

	"No. Don't want to use up your supply. Plus I'm trying to NOT end up like you."

	"It takes away my worries. Besides we should get out of Benjamin's room so we don't wake him."

	Maria turns on her heel and walks to her room. I follow already having a storm brewing.

	"Don't come in here personal space and don't want drugs found in here," She says in the same sweet annoying voice. One of those voices that are nice but still has an edge to it.

	"Why? I'm high so I can go where ever I feel like," I say sarcastically.

	"Don't Macey I've literally had it with you."

	"Come on we're sisters now. So come give me a hug." I say advancing in to her room and closer to her.

	"STAY AWAY FROM ME!" Maria screeches. I don't listen and keep advancing. She backs away clearly pissed. Soon her back is against the wall and can't back up but I can still get closer. 

Before I realize what happened she strikes her foot up and out hitting me in the nose. My head snaps back and my eyes start to water but I don't make a sound. She looks smugly as I stop abruptly stunned. I touch my nose and when I bring my hand down my fingers are covered in blood. It hurt but I'd had it happen before. Maria smiles and pushes me from the room.

	"Don't get that mess on my carpet," She says innocently. Once I'm out of the doorjamb she closes and locks her door. I can hear her laughing on the other side. I go in to the bathroom (forgetting to close the door) and sit on the toilet seat with a wad of toilet paper to my nose. Amy walks by and sees me but doesn’t seem to notice until she was almost by the door.

 She stops mid step and takes an extra look. Once she sees what she thought she saw, she drops the basket she was carrying to the laundry room and rushes in. Amy pulls my hand down gently to look at the mess.

	"Hold still Macey. This might sting but I need to see if it's broken," She says. She reaches up and prods around my nose a little and I wince in pain slightly," Nothing seems to be broken. How did this happen?"

	“It’s my fault. I tormented. Maria a little too hard and she kicked me." I say through the nose bleed," Don't get her in trouble it's my fault entirely."

	"Fine. But why did you do it?"

	"She was picking on me about the drug again. So I laid it on her pretty thick."

	“I see. So you went a little too far and she kicked you," Amy finishes the story so I don't have to; I nod to show she got it right. She pats my knee in understanding and gets up. As she walks out of the room I watch as she picks up the clothes that fell out of the basket when she dropped it and heads to the laundry room. I get up off the toilet seat and dig under the sink to get washcloth. 

When I find a torn piece of cloth I stand up and get it wet to wash the blood off of my skin. When I finish cleaning up most of the blood besides under my nose the bleeding has stopped so I can finish cleaning there without it being a waste of time. I just finish when I hear the front door open. My guess is that Chest and Tim are home. Time to try another less wordy approach. I walk solemnly out of the bathroom and down the hall.

	Chest sees me and comes to join me and asks," What did you do this afternoon?"

	"Not much," I reply. Perfect not to explanatory. 
	
	Chest leans back against the wall beside me and tells me how well the scouting trip around the grounds went. As it turns out Sunder hasn't made a new lab here. I flip my hair over my shoulder and wait. He stops talking and looks at me quizzically.

	"Shoot sorry Macy I forgot again! I promised Amy I'd help her with laundry tonight," He explains. He stands straight and walks down the hall to the bedrooms. Annoyed I walk the opposite way towards the living room. Amy turns to me and walks my way.

	"Chest tells me you asked him to help with laundry. I was just curious to ask why when I thought we discussed this yesterday." I say curiously. 

	"No I didn't," She answers.

	"Oh, really," I say to myself, the to her," Thanks Amy I think I understand what's going on."

	I walk back in to the hallway and stand in front of Chest.

	"I just talked to Amy. I know she didn't ask you to help her. Something tells me you didn't really promise any one anything," I say relaxed.

	“You’re right," He says.

	“I just want to know why."

	"I don't think you could handle it right now. With your injuries and everything"

	"That's a lie. You know that I'm fine. I want the truth."

	"I just don't think that you're ready yet."
	
	“You’re still lying. Is it the fact that I'm not strong like Maria?" I ask almost yelling.
	
	"No. You can be strong like Maria if you want." He continues, I can tell he might be getting a little agitated with me but I don't care right now.

	"Is it the fact that you don't think I could handle it?" I'm yelling now.

	 I back to the wall and he follows me soon my back is to it with his hands flat against the wall beside me so I can't really get away from him.

	"Then what? And I don't want you to lie to me this time either Chest." I say staring him in the eye, not backing down. He stares at me back.

	“I don't think you need to learn anything! You will never use it!" He tells me.

	“Why will I never use it!?" I ask still yelling.

	“You won't be able to get in to much more trouble."

	"Are you calling me danger prone?" I ask bewildered still yelling and feeling a little insulted.

	"Maybe I am, you really haven't shown to us you can stay out of danger."

	"You still haven't answered my question Chest. Stop avoiding it."

	"What question?"

	"Why will I never use the lessons I'm wanting you to teach me?"

	"Because I will protect you!" Chest yells back," You don't need training if I'm here because-".

	"Because it's your job I know! But what if one of the times I need help, you’re not there!"

	"I'll always be there for you Macey! Don't you get it?"

	“Get what?" I say getting angrier.

	"Look back! I always talk to you first! I'm the one who saved you from the tank; I stayed with you when you fell off the back of my skis! Don't you see?"

	"See what?" I demand.

	"Can't you see that I care about you?" He is still holding me against the wall. Only now he has his hands on my shoulders. Before I know what's happening he has his lips on mine. He gives me a heartfelt kiss then leans his head on mine and whispers again," Can't you see how much I love you?"

	I stand there stunned but happy at the same time. I hold his hands on my shoulders with my own hands and whisper," I do now. I'm sorry I should have seen from the start." I tilt my head back and kiss him gently. I stay that way as he grins at my statement. He backs up and takes my hand in his. 

Then as if he can't help it he bends over a little and kisses me again but a little bit more passionately than the last. I grin at him as he pulls away. We walk in to the living room and sit on the couch while everyone else finishes getting ready for dinner. I lean against him fitting perfectly in the crook of his arm.

	“What about Maria?" I ask.

	"What about her?" He asks.

	"Well I know that she had or has a thing for you. What are we going to do about her? Don't you think she will be a little jealous and try something?"

	"No. Don't worry. I'll take care of it." He says. I open my mouth to argue but he just puts his finger to my lips and reassures me again that I have nothing to worry about. Amy walks by and smiles. 

She gives a slight nod of approval as she passes. Soon the living room is full of activity. So Chest and I sneak out of the house and sit on the steps. We talk about where we come from and what happened to us to cause us to come here. His story is a lot less tragic then mine. 

Even then mine isn't as bad as Maria and Benjamin's. All too quickly Amy comes out to tell us that dinner is ready. So we head in to the house. She pulls me aside and giggles. All I can do is grin. 

I catch up to Chest and we sit at the table as if nothing is different between us. As if we hadn't just kissed a couple minutes before. But secretly under the table Chest taps my foot with his several times. We hold normal conversations but we ache to go somewhere alone and talk. I try to not show any excitement when dinner is cleaned up and we are excused from the table. 

	Once out of the crowded kitchen Chest wraps his arm around my waist or as much as he can and pulls me to him. We walk down the hall not all that sure where we are going to end up. We decide to go in to Elaine and my room. Both of us thinking that Elaine would be best trusted with this secret from Maria. We sit on my bed just talking. Then Elaine walks in a little unexpectedly.

	"Oh. Uh, Hi. I was just wondering where you had disappeared too. I didn't know you were with Chest," She says kind of sheepishly.

	"Don't worry Elaine We were being good. I swear," I say trying to be reassuring.

	"I believe you Macey. Does mom know?" 

	"Yeah, she's actually the one that helped me gain courage to actually try."

	"You were actually trying?" Chest says teasingly.

	"Yes, actually I was. As you can see I wasn't the only one that had wool pulled over my eyes," I tease back. We don't tell Elaine that the only reason we know about how we actually feel is because of a fight over him trying to get away from teaching me how to fight physically. 

	"Please don't tell Maria. It's the last thing we need to happen right now." I tell her seriously. Elaine smiles in understanding and walks back out. Chest stands up and smiles. 

I stand up with him and walk closer we hug each other tightly, he lets go of my hand and walks out. We spent enough time in here alone and don't need Amy thinking we are being inappropriate. I stand there unsure of what to do next. I breathe trying to figure out my next move. Unsure of what to do now I get ready for bed. Soon as I’m done I go to bed amazed at what all happened in one day.

	Once again I'm first in to the shower. I put on another pair dark blue jeans and a white t shirt this time. I braid my hair back out of my face. As I head out Chest heads in. We grin at each other and I can't help but grin after he closes the door. Maria walks out of her room wearing her traditional black jeans and t shirt. I don't think it's in mourning for her bad childhood or the fact that Benjamin didn't really had a mother. I can tell because she wears a band shirt not the normal plain black. 

	"What are you grinning at?" She asks a little snippy," Just get high again addict?"

	“It takes one to know one." I reply simply. She digs at me but I don't take her bait. I don't need another reason for her to kick me, my nose still is a little sensitive to the touch and I have raccoon eyes still. I help Amy prepare for breakfast and try my next tactic for the lessons I desperately want. Breakfast doesn't take too long and I have my idea. 

	"Hey, Chest do you want to play a game with me." I say grabbing his hand and leading him outside.

	"What kind of game?" He asks when we get out on to the porch. I reach up and kiss him gently.

	"Now try and kiss me," I taunt, He shrugs and bends down slightly and I move out of the way so all he gets is air on his lips. He looks a little surprised," Think of it as tag. But it's a little different." 

	"I see." He tries again but misses and I'm backed up against the railing of the porch. Chest smiles thinking I'm trapped and I probably am but might as well let him kiss me to be sure he doesn't find out my ulterior motive. His lips touch mine, briefly.

	"Tag, your it," He whispers to me smiling," I like this game." I smile at him and tag him back easily.

	"You're supposed to try and avoid it. Not let it happen, it's too easy this way." I groan.

	"But I don't want to avoid it." He says.

	"What is the point of the game then?" I ask.

	"I don't know. You made it up smarty," He laughs "So you tell me what the meaning of this game is, I'm kind of curious." Great. The one thing I've actually been trying to avoid till he actually shows me a move and we continue to where we are in full out training mode.

	"I don't know. Just for fun I guess, want to go for a run?" I didn't necessarily lie to him. But I didn't tell him the full truth either. I hate running just to run but at this moment I'm willing to do anything to get out of the little problem I'm in.

	"Sure. I'm always willing to practice running in to a fray and away from one." He answers.

	"Why?" I ask puzzled.

	"Running in to save anyone in the family and you, ready to run away from a fight with you. I know when a fight is worth fighting and when one isn't. Some of the main reason a fight is won is because one person in the fight has a good reason to be there. Not just because he feels like beating someone up," Is his answer," Now go get on some shorts and a darker color shirt, and we'll go." I nod and head in to the house. Already it feels cooler in here than it does outside so the part of living in a desert is starting to kick in for the day. I change quickly and grab two water bottles. A small one and a bigger one, just as a small prank I only fill the bottle half full of water, and fill the rest of it with vinegar.

 I shake it well to hide the differences in texture. The bigger bottle I fill completely full of water. I give Chest the little one and he takes a drink right off the bat. He drops the bottle as soon as the stream gets in to his mouth. He sputters and spits the water out. I laugh and he turns to me looking as if I'd gone crazy.

	"Here drink some of this one." I say still laughing. Chest looks at the bottle a little skeptically not sure whether I'd rigged this one yet or not.

	"Don't worry its water this time. See?" I say taking a drink. I hold the bottle out to him again this time he doesn't hesitate to drink from the bottle. I jokingly roll my eyes at him showing a mock unbelief that he didn't trust me. I look back and sigh happily; I'm perfectly content in my new life. 

To be perfectly honest I don't want to leave this personal paradise so I hope I don't have to. Chest and I start running to the outside perimeter of the grounds. We plan on running the whole outside to make sure there are no openings in our defense line. We down one of the vertical sides of our box of safety and half way through the horizontal one in front of the gate that leads to the compound. 

	"Hold on you two. Someone is here to see you Macey and says that it's urgent." One of the guards on patrol says a little short of breath. I look at Chest as we slow our pace. Good thing too, my lungs are on fire. We walk towards the gate and see a police cruiser sitting there in the driveway outside of the main perimeter. Something must be up I can feel it.

	"Are you Macey Ricks?" The officer asks. Immediately I have red flags and alarms going off in my head.

	I answer anyway," Yes. Why?"

	"It's time you go home; your parents are frantic and wanting you home." The officer replies.

	"Yeah, that is why they wanted to send me away to a rehab center that I didn't need. I'm not going."

	"Sorry, you’re a minor so you don't have much of a choice."

	"Fine, then I'm not a minor so she can stay." Chest says stepping in front of me defensively. 

	"No sorry Chest but you, Amy, or Tim can't do anything about it. Her parents are still her guardians."

	"I'm not going back!" I scream as I take off back to the house. I hear pounding feet behind me and a car engine start up. Chest passes me and gets the family just as the police cruiser pulls up and stops in front of me. I can’t stop in time and end up running in to him. Before I could turn and head the other way the officer grabs me around the waist with one arm and one of my arms with the other. I kick with all my might but don't really hit anything. The officer slams me against the side of the car and wrenches the arm he's holding back and up. 

	Chest steps forward but Tim puts his hand out and stops him. The whole family looks pained except for Maria, she looks shocked but not all that surprised. The officer cuffs up my wrists and looks at Maria with a slight nod. The officer yanks me back and opens the car door. He puts me in the back of the police car and closes the door. I turn around so I can feel for the door handle. I do and give it a pull while pushing on the door. Crap! The child safety lock is on so I can't open the door from the inside.

	"Sorry you folks got wrapped up in this mess. It's very upsetting for such a nice family to be invaded by a runaway drug addict, but we will find the proper care for her and get her back to her family. If you ask me she's lucky her family didn't decide to disown her. Well anyway good seeing you." The police chief tells the family.

	"I'm not upset by the fact she's here! As it so happens I'm glad she has changed us for the better! Are you sure there is nothing you can do?" Amy asks.

	"No I'm sorry. I must get her back to her family and state at the soonest time possible." The officer concludes getting in to the driver’s seat. As the car turns and pulls away I turn and look out the back window as my new life the one I was so happy with shrunk before my eyes.

Chest

I watched Macey's face in the back of the police cruiser for as long as I could. I think about the unnecessary roughness the officer showed Macey and definitely looked back at the nod of thanks he gave to Maria. Soon the car is nothing more than a speck in the distance. I wanted to break down, but that wasn't in my training. I was taught to be strong for whom I am protecting, since Macey was one of those people I don't know how to react. I guess I'll need to stay strong for everyone else.

	 It kills me to have to leave behind Macey for right now, but I will soon go after her and bring her back. I will have problems with her parents but I will be able to get her out of that rehab center, she doesn't belong there what so ever. Her parents might not have believed her but I do. I will always believe her. Everyone goes back in to the house but me. I stay out and try to calm my growing temper. 

	I smack a water bottle off the railing and lean where it used to be, and hang my head controlling my breathing. I look up and hit the rail with the side of my fist. She was right; I should have shown her a defensive move. Then she could have at least had a chance against the officer twice her size. This was the one time I was unable to save her. I am determined to not let it happen again, for any reason. If a car is here that does not belong here I will literally pick up Macey and carry her to Sunder's old hidden lab that he tried to drown her in.

	With this thought I start pacing the deck running my hands through my hair. More plans file through my head, we could build our own house about two acres back on the 100 or so acre lot that the family owns. It could very easily be our little hide out. We would stay at the original house but when we caught wind from the guards out front that someone is coming we could high tale it out to the little cabin for a couple hours or however long it takes for the intruder to leave.

	Tim walks out of the house and grabs my shoulder in a friendly way and says, “You miss her already, don't you? I know I'm going too. She has taught us all different things that we may never have even tried without her. “I turn and look at him.

	As I shrug off his hand, not impolitely but enough I answer," You’re making it sound as if she's died Tim. I'm waiting for you to say something like rest her soul or something." I add a little chuckle trying not to sound too broken.

	"Well no offense to you or what you are feeling for her. Or even her personally but maybe we need to go and treat her as if she's died. It would take a lot of the pain away. Besides you still have Maria and Elaine"

	"I don't want them. They are nice pretty girls don't get me wrong Tim but Macey has that spark about her. She's feisty and yet kind."

	"If she's so feisty then how come she didn't get away from Sunder in the first place? Or how about the second? Don't get me wrong Chest I loved her just as I do you, the other girls, or Benjamin. To me she was like another daughter but we have to be willing to move on at times. I honestly think that this is one of those times."

	"Well I don't. I'm not going to be able to forget. Nor do I want to."

	He looked at me a little strangely but understanding," I don't blame you. I was only testing you to see how serious you were about her; I don't think that I could forget Amy if we were in the same predicament as you and Macey are." I breathe in relief to know that he wasn't serious. Out of the years I've been with Tim and Amy I'd never known him as inconsiderate of facts. But I understand what he’s saying. I can’t very well do anything right now. I’d have better luck later when I can fully explain what's going on. I don't even know what house or street her family lives on. So it will be kind of hard to talk her parents in to letting her stay with us if I don't know where she lives.

	Heck, I don't even know if her parents would be willing to let her live with us. I would be happy to just have her over in the summers, and maybe a week on Christmas. Just as long as I can see her again besides on a computer screen. Until then I will have to somehow pass the time without going insane. That is something she was good at; before I'd met her, my mind was on the brink of collapsing under pressure. 

	When the family and I first found her along with the others I just thought more crowding in an already to small house. But when she had to ride on the back of my skis I couldn't help but like her. When she fell off the skis I was scared. What if she didn't survive? What if I couldn't get to her in time? What if I couldn't get to her at all? I was so relieved that I could help her, but when she fell out of my arms when I went to pick her up it terrified me. What if she didn't like me? What if I scare her?

	I couldn't stop, so I made her stay. I was so happy to just be holding her. She scared me when she almost fell asleep, I didn't want to lose her. This is why I freaked out when she rolled off the seat in the van and went under it. I couldn't reach her to pull her out, I could barely touch her. We finally were able to stop long enough to pull her out. But she was asleep. I panicked with worry that I'd lost her so I drove the rest of the way to our compound. But I didn't stop there.

	I drove all the way to our personal infirmary not too far from the house. I stayed with Macey till she awoke. I was so happy that I went and got Amy. There must have been too many people in a new place for her. I sat by her every minute. I can't believe that Sunder had the guts to come in to the compound let alone kidnap one of our own.

	As soon as we got to the lab the first thing I did was look for any signs that she was here. Of course I didn't see any. I was going to go bash on Sunder; I had it in mind until I got on top of the tank and saw her floating inside. She looked dead; I had no way of telling if she was alive or not. I threw Sunder off the glass and looked for a way to release her. The remote Sunder held I knew that it must be the way to help her I went to him and grabbed it away from him and went back to the tank. Already her body was sinking. I pushed buttons until I found the right one.

	When the glass slid away I made sure to throw the remote away. I don't know what happened to it but I know that Sunder or one of his goons didn't get it. I jumped in quickly and swam as hard as I could to get down to Macey. Once I did I pulled her up to me. It wasn't the best way to drag a secret love from the depths of her grave but it got her out. I put her on the floor, but she wasn't breathing. I checked her pulse, it was only barely beating, but it was still beating. 

	I was about to breathe a breath of life for her when I realized I'd be so close to kissing her. I didn’t want to without her permission but it was the only way to save her. So I manned up and put my mouth to hers. It felt so right; I loved the feel of her soft lips against mine. After a few minutes of this she spluttered and emptied the water from her lungs. Her eyes opened briefly then closed again. I was so happy when she started to breathe. 

	Looking around I saw a blanket draped over something. I didn't know what it was but a real human being needed the blanket more than a piece of steel did to keep the dust off of it. So without thinking twice I grabbed the blanket and ran back to the girl on the floor. I draped it over her with great care not sure if it could hurt her. I honestly didn't think so but you never really know. Newly enraged I went to work around her, beating on goons and a little on Sunder for good measure. I went back to her side periodically to make sure she was breathing right and just in case she woke up, I wanted mine to be the first face she saw.

	Amy caught me and joined me at her side; it didn't take long afterward for her to open her eyes again. This time she nearly jumped up and in to battle if it wasn't for the nausea and the fact she doesn't know how to fight. I hope it stays that way, women do need to know how to defend themselves but the men need to fight for them. Macey leaned back on her elbows getting used to the feel of her not being drowned and breathing air instead of water. The fight ended not too soon after that and we separated.

	Then the battle between me and her started up about the fighting lessons she wanted. I tried everything I possibly could to get out of them. But I was running out of excuses and people to have an excuse with. I got caught on laundry day, the day I thought would be the easiest lie to tell and excuse to pass. Little did I know that Macey and Amy were really close and that she would rat me out. So Macey and I fought, I didn't understand the point of the fight. It angered me that she caught me in my lies and called me out on them it wasn't really her fault as much as mine. 

	I was off my guard when she brought Maria in the conversation. It was then that I felt like I had to reassure her that she doesn't compare to her. The only way to do that was to tell her how I felt. But the key was to tell her at the right time. That was one of the hard parts knowing when the right time would be to tell her. But when she said I was avoiding her question and to answer it truthfully that was it. My anger took over and I couldn't help erupting slightly, stop the rampage that was coming I showed her I wasn't lying to her this time. It pained me to lie to her anyway but it was the only way to protect her from fighting in the future. 

	The sun moved across the sky in a slow pace. It had been at least an hour since the officer came and took Macey away. I wonder what they have done with her in the meantime while I sit here and do nothing. I am so disappointed in myself that I let Tim stop me and the officer get away with Macey. My thoughts turned to the tragic end of Romeo and Juliet. Where a good plan backfires because a simple letter can't be delivered in time to Romeo about Juliet's fake death.

	 I could do the same thing, if I knew what plants and drugs to put in the concoction to put her to sleep for that long. Plus there are no mausoleums around where she is. She explained that no one could afford one probably. Let alone get a casket, so she would literally be burned alive so she could be put in a cremation jar. But I'm desperate and am willing to try just about anything to bring her back here. She belongs here more than the little town her family lives in. I know it sounds a little insensitive but it's the truth. I just need a plan and a good reason to break her out. 

	During dinner I can't help expecting to see Macey come out from the hallway all happy and dancing like she does. She doesn't actually dance but it seems like she does. It's kind of weird to be thinking all of this considering I'd never liked anyone as much as I like Macey. It seems as if every thought I have turns to her somehow. Oh, my gosh that’s cheesy. I don't feel much like eating dinner or watching the television. 

	Considering the fact that I feel like crap and don't feel like doing anything I decide to go to bed. I try my best to not to get caught as I head down the hall to the bedroom. I must not have been very careful. Once I lay down on my bed the door opens, Maria walks in not seeming to care about the unimpressed look on my face I give her as she comes in. 

	"Hey, Chest. What's up with you? It's not like you to not miss a meal or any family time." Maria asks as if nothing has changed in the past couple of weeks. 

	"Go away Maria. I don't want to talk to you. Or as a matter of fact anybody, but definitely not you." I tell her putting my pillow over my head trying to both use it for emphasis and to block her out. But she just sits on the side of my bed and pulls my pillow away from me.

	“What’s bothering you; Chest. You know that you can tell me." She coaxes.

	"I don't want to talk to you considering it is your fault." I snap at her with no remorse.

	"I don't know what you're talking about Chest. Enlighten me a little will you." Maria says innocently.

	"I'm talking about the reason Macey was taken away. No one knew who she was or where Amy and Tim had found her. But you couldn't stand someone with another sob story come in and show that they are stronger at handling their problems than you are."

	"Chest I still don't understand."

	"Shut up Maria! For heaven's sake you have been mourning your lost childhood not the fact that you don't even know if your mother is dead or not for the past three years, then when Macey shows up you get all defensive. You’re not in your right state of mind since Amy found you and Benjamin in that alleyway."

	"Get to the point Chest. I can tell that you have something you want to say now say it!" Maria says getting angry.

	"Fine! I know that you are the one that called the police and told them Macey was here! All I want to know is why. Why did you do it? You can't tell me that you’re that selfish." I say sitting up right now.

	"I did it for one good reason Chest. And one reason only. I did it for us Chest us." She says in a whisper of anger trying not to draw attention from the rest of the family.
	"What do you mean Us Maria? There was never any us. I thought you understood that, heck you told me that you understood."

	"Yeah, I did. You just hadn't realized it. I had bad timing that's all, don't you understand? I still love you and I know deep down you love me too. It just needs some time to surface." She says sitting on my bed now gripping my hands in hers.

	“No. I told you then and I still stand by it today Maria. I love you like a sister nothing more. Even if I did I sure wouldn't now, what you did was ruthless. No one deserved that. Especially not Macey."
	
	She was almost on the verge of tears now but tried to hold it back," Just as I said bad timing. I should have waited a while before I tried to make a move. I should also go and make that officer give up his job. He shouldn’t have been that blunt. If he hadn't you might not have been so upset." Fed up with her I get up from the bed, grab my helmet and leather jacket and leave the room. I hear Maria following trying to make up for what she's said. But by the time she knows what to say I've already grabbed my keys and am about to walk out the door.

	I turn to her right before I leave and say in a menacing tone," Leave me alone, I don't want to talk to you, and at this moment I don't want to look at you. You claim that you want to be a private investigator? Well forget it. If you can't stand people you have a crush on being in love with someone else then you have no business trying to help them. This is a perfect example of that. Macey explained what had happened but you turned your back to her. Not all that good on a report if you ask me." With that I turn on my heel and walk out the door. Being sure to slam it in good measure.
	Quickly I walk around the house and burst in to a run still carrying my helmet and leathers. I find my shed and unlock it using a key on my key chain. I throw open the door to see my 2013 Honda PCX150 motorcycle. I quickly pull on my leather jacket and thrust my helmet on. For good measure I grab my extra one off the wall hook and put in the storage area. I turn the keys in the ignition and hear the calming sound of it starting up. I slowly back it out of the shed and close the door. I kick my motorcycle in to gear and take off down the gravel road of our compound. 

Maria
	Chest's words stung more than a bee sting. Didn't he understand how much I cared about him? I did this for us, yeah what I did to Macey was a low blow, but she had it coming. I was here first; I had my rights to Chest first. He may have said 'no' the first time but that didn't mean anything. He was in shock that first time, and then when Macey came, I don't know what his problem was. But she had no reason to take my rebound shot away from me. It was my right, so I called the police station and told them their missing person number one was here. 
	The family is a great friend to the police; we have helped them catch so many of their most wanted that there is hardly any problems in this area. I decided to follow Chest and try to get him to see reason. Macey was gone, there is no possible way that she's coming back. It’s impossible the people at the rehab are going to let her escape. Most likely they'll keep a close eye on her and her parents are definitely going to keep a closer eye on her. She's going to be hundreds of miles from here and won’t remember how to get back here more or less. She told us herself that she was in a druggy state when she wandered off and didn't remember how she got to Sunder.
	I definitely think that she's gone for good. I head outside to tell this to Chest when I hear his motorcycle start up. It only made me move faster to the shed where I know he keeps his bike. I can only imagine what he will put in there for Macey if he finds her and brings her back. I get there a little too late just as Chest takes off down the road. I huff and walk back to the house I can't wait till I can drive. At the moment the only thing I can drive is a four-wheeler around the compound. Even then Amy and Tim don't let me do that alone.
	I feel like screaming. What happened to the girl's code? I know that in my school that if one girl has a guy you like you leave him alone, it’s just plain wrong to steal another girl's guy. Yeah, Chest wasn't really my boyfriend but it’s obvious I have my sights set on him. What does she have that I don't? Obviously I'm stronger and smarter when it comes to fighting Sunder. Getting caught the first time wasn't very good, but it doesn't count when I'm unarmed and they use chloroform. But I was only captured once. While Macey has been caught three times. Twice by Sunder and once by the police. She didn't even try to get free the second time.
	 I know I should have said something about the two of them but I didn't feel comfortable with another girl closer to Chest's age than I was being around. Somehow I have to make sure she doesn't stay around. As much as I hate to drag Chest's name through the mud but I don't have much of a choice. He might get in to a little trouble with Amy and Tim but this is what's good for him. He may not see it right now but it’s the truth, and he'll more or less be mad at me in the beginning but later on down the road if I keep him secluded from other girls other than Amy. Elaine, and I then he will be happy. 
	It might take him a couple of months before he comes around, but I'm very patient. I have been waiting for years for him to like me to this point. So what is waiting for a few more months? People always say that good things come to the people who wait. I believe that philosophy, but I don't see a reason why not to help things along a little as long as I don't try to rush them to fast. People's emotions and the outcome of them are like dominoes, once you set off someone's emotions about someone else it’s like pushing over that first domino. Either the line crashes or it turns in to something absolutely amazing.
	To be perfectly honest it could go either way. It all depends on how you do it. So I have to do this delicately or it will all blow up in my face later on. So personally of course I hope it goes my way. This will be good for at least six people. I will get Chest to myself, Chest will get me, and the whole family will be able to be free of the nuisance more commonly known as Macey. Oh gosh I hope this works properly. 
	"Sorry Macey but I saw him first, and sorry Chest, my love for having to put you through this mess that you have created for yourself that I am so graciously going to help you with." I whisper to myself as I walk through the front door of the house.
Macey
	The wait at the airport is excruciating. I have one officer at my side and am handcuffed to the chair I am sitting in. People turn and look at me funny and walk a wide circle as if I'm some sadistic murder or something. The officer watches them all with a mean glare as if waiting for one of them to come over and try to free me. I breathe deeply knowing I have at least another four hours or so of waiting for my plane to come in to port. But even then I'm going to be escorted by this officer. I look around for any hint of someone trying to find me my escape. A wink would be nice or a nod of the head. Some movement for me to know that I'm not alone. I'm not ready to leave nor will I ever be. 
	I shudder as a chill goes down my spine. I'm still in my shorts and t-shirt form earlier when I was running with Chest. Now my sweat is drying to my back and my t shirt is sticking to me. The airport is cold and unforgiving. I shudder again as another cold chill runs up my spine.
	"Drugs will do that to you. Your withdraw symptoms are becoming more pronounced every moment." The officer says," When was the last time you shot up?" I just ignored him not wanting to talk to him. I have never shot up; I only got high because someone laced my glass. Even then I wasn't drinking. It was grape soda for heaven's sake! I'd already tried to explain this to him in the car but he refused to listen. What was the point of asking me questions if he wasn't going to except my truthful answer?
	Finally after about three minutes of him staring at me I reply," I already told you! If you don't believe me hook me up to a lie detector. I'll pass it with great ease." I shiver again and continue to watch the wall. It's a very boring wall, but I want to keep my dignity. I may be cuffed to a chair with an officer beside me interrogating me in public. I look over to the clock through the corner of my eye so I it looks as if I am still staring at the wall arrogantly. I still have over three hours, great more interrogating and more public humiliation. 
	"Flight number 110 now boarding." The flight attendant calls over the intercom. Great my flight is early.
	"Time to go." The officer says with glee. He takes the cuffs off me and from my seat and I try one last time to run. But it fails; he has a good grip on my cuffs. The door to freedom is not all that far away if I could only reach it.
	“Now there is no officer on the plane but there are people watching you." The officer reminds me again. He's told me this almost a hundred times already and am getting sick of it. I hold my breath looking for a way out trying to find a decent route to leave and ditch the cop. I want to go home to the life I just left. Already it’s about 8:00 and its dark outside. The officer releases me to board the plane it didn't happen soon enough, I wanted to get away from him. Then right before I could even make the first step up the ramp a motorcycle screeched to a stop next to me. A guy got off and looked at me directly.
	Through the clear plastic in the helmet I can see a familiar pair of eyes. They are so welcome to me that I smile and turn my head. I want to hug Chest so much. He pulls me in to his arms.
	"Don't leave me again Macey. Do you hear me? Don't you ever leave me again." He practically begs and commands me.	
	"How are you going to explain this to your captain? There is no proof. I suggest quite strongly that you let her go." Chest growls angrily from the inside of his helmet. The officer thinks about it and nods slowly understanding that he was in the wrong. He either does not tell about this or he loses his job for incompetence to keep a prisoner, and to be sure that she's not lying. 
	Chest and I head back out front to the motorcycle he came on. It’s kind of like my knight in leather. Instead of shining armor and his trusty steed is a bike not a horse. He puts his arm around my waist and one of my arms over his shoulder; slowly we make it to his bike. Chest pulls out a spare helmet and hands it to me. I take it gratefully and put it on. It takes a couple of minutes of fumbling with the buckle under my chin until I'm ready to head home. I climb on to the motorcycle behind Chest. He kicks the bike in to gear and off we go back to the compound where I belong.
	The compound seems quiet as we pull up to the gate. The guards signal us in and we head to Chest's shed. We pull in to the shed and Chest shuts off the bike. I get off and jump up to sit on the work table as he puts the kickstand down and takes the keys out of the ignition. I put my palms on the edge of the table and lean forward locking my elbows. 
	"You never told me your name." I say using the same words when we first met. He walks around the bike to where he stands right in front of me. Putting his hands on my knees he leans forward to where my eyes are filled with nothing but his face.
	"Chester but everyone calls me Chest." Is all he says. Remembering his answer and giving it back to me. He smiles as he leans forward and kisses me deeply. I smile and move my hands up to his hair. He keeps his stance with his hands on my knees not moving anything except his lips. He pulls away and smiles at me, a little shyly. Chest turns his back to me and jumps up beside me. Looking around his little workshop.
	"This is going to be yours too. As soon as I get to know you a little more. Then I'll buy you a bike that fits your style, if they don't have one made yet then I'll build one myself." Chest promises. But I am not one of those people who like things just given to me. I like to earn my way around.
	"Chest I thank you for the offer but I like to earn my keep. I feel guilty when people go and buy my way around, I thank you I really do but I want to earn it." I plead with him trying to get him to understand and not to fight against me on this.
	"Macey you already earned it. You managed to get yourself in to enough trouble that you need a way around faster so you don't get yourself in too much trouble. You make yourself sound like a burden. Heck everything you say puts others ahead of yourself. You never seem to take in to consideration what you want. Now shouldn't be any different, I want you to have a motorcycle so you and I can leave for a while at some point and be able to race around against each other. I want to be able to take you out and if you get mad at me you are capable of leaving without me having to take you back home and without you leaving I stranded. I want this for you." chest pleads back.
	"I'll meet you in the middle Chest. You buy me the bike but I work around here earning chore money and pay you back." I answer making it come out right. So I get to pay for the motorcycle while Chest gets his way and gets to pay for it. Chest just looks at me a little flustered. He doesn't want me to pay him back for it but he doesn't have much of a choice.
 	About an hour later Chest jumps down off of the table and picks me up throwing my legs over his left arm. Sort of like a love's hold type of deal. He starts walking to the house happy that he at least has part his way about the motorcycle. We come up to the porch of the house and he puts me down. He puts his finger to his lips telling me to be quiet. He pushes me behind him hiding me from view. He opens the door to the house but between the door and him I can't see in. I have a pretty good idea on what Chest is doing.
	"Guys I'm home!" Chest calls out," Everyone gather in the living room please I have something to tell you." He adds a little sadness to his voice on the last part. Everyone runs in and gathers in front of Chest.
	"Macey didn't find me in the airport. I couldn't find her, the plane has already left the area so it’s too late to go back and try again. I apologize to you all." Chest says in a grieving voice to everyone around. But he then looks a little bit cheery as if he's trying to lighten the mood. But everyone looks to upset by his false cheeriness," I did find something though before I left. I was heading out and found it on the landing strip," He opens the door a little bit more and stands aside revealing me," Took me forever to her through all the people working.
	As he finished his tale everyone but Maria comes over happily giving hugs and pats on the back. It feels nice to be back where I belong. I breathe in the familiar scent of the house perfectly content. The family seems happy to have me back and I'm happy to be here with them. Benjamin holds my leg like a life line with no intention in letting go.
	"Promise Macey you won't leave again please? I miss you." Benjamin begs me. 
	"I'll try Benjamin I promise. I don't want to leave and I'll try not to." I tell him bending down to look at him in the eye. I smile and wrap my arms around him pulling him to me. I rise back on to my feet with him still in my arms. I don't plan on letting go, not for a while at least. We walk to the sitting area taking Benjamin with me. I sit down with him on my lap; he lays his head against my shoulder and doesn't move for some time. I don't notice for a while explaining things to Amy and Tim. Elaine and Maria have gone off to bed and Chest already knows everything there is that everyone else wasn't there for. 
	Chest keeps his arm around my shoulders both protectively and comfortably. While Chest talks to Amy and Tim I lay my head over to the side leaning my head against Chest's shoulder. Benjamin rests peacefully on my other side the change in my posture going unnoticed. I close my eyes thinking Benjamin has the right idea about what to do next, it’s almost 11:30 and I don't want to really stay up much longer. Today has been long and I'm ready for it to end. 
	I start to doze off, I feel Benjamin being lifted off my lap and Tim's voice," I'll take him to bed Chest. Don’t worry about it."
	"I think I'll stay here Tim. Macey looks like she could sleep and I don't want to disturb her too much. She's already been through enough today and I don't think she needs to go through anymore. She deserves to sleep for a while." Chest whispers shifting to where both he and I am laying side by side on the couch. I am propped up on my shoulder by the couch back and by Chest himself. I move my head over to where my head rests on his chest. Not really trying to pun it. That's how I end up falling asleep.
	I wake up the next morning still tired but happy. I blink rapidly clearing the blurriness from my eyes Chest still sits there next to me. He turns and looks at me and I can tell he's deep in thought. Uh, Oh I don't like the look of him thinking so hard. It’s the same face that he had when he made the promise about the bike last night. I roll my eyes at him and give him my 'I-know-that-look-and-the-answer-is-probably-no' look. 
	"I've been thinking-" Chest starts.
	"I know, I recognize the face your making." I comment looking at him. I prop my head up with my elbow on the arm of the couch.
	"I think I'll give you some lessons." Chest finishes. We both get up and have a quick breakfast and go outside to get started to practice.

	That night I fall back on to the couch happy to go to sleep. All of my muscles ache from the in vigorous work out. I forget my pain and am able to fall asleep easily. But I wake up not to long later to find Chest sitting on the foot of my bed asleep leaning against the wall. I go back to sleep thinking peacefully about the fact I'll wake up with him sitting there.
	I move around with my eyes closed trying to find Chest but he doesn't seem to be anywhere near me. I jump up looking but still can't find him. I look in his room but he isn't there. I'm on the verge of freaking out. What if the police came and arrested him for helping me? I start running to the kitchen hoping to find at least Amy, she would know what’s going on she always does. No one does anything without her permission without getting in trouble. 
	"Amy. Have you seen Chest? I looked in his bedroom and knocked on the bathroom door but there was no answer." I explain to Amy once I find her at the stove. I sit at the table waiting for her to tell me what's going on or to give me an idea on what to do.
	"Go watch out the front window he should be here in a minute. I don't know what he's up to. He left in such a hurry this morning once he crawled off of the couch from beside you. He really didn't want to leave you yet he did. It was so confusing." Amy explains, I can tell that she's confused. I hurry to the front window and stand there enjoying the early morning sun through the window. Chest arrives not to long later in a pickup truck with a black 2009 Kawasaki Ninja 250R tied down in the bed. 
	Once I see the bike I roll my eyes. I know that he wanted to get me a bike but I didn't expect one so soon, I was willing to wait several months first so I could at least try to talk Chest out of it but I guess it’s too late now. I hurry to my room to change. Quickly I throw on a pair of black jeans and a dark blue T shirt. 
	I run out to greet Chest to see Tim coming out from the passenger side of the truck. 'He's in this too? I thought he was on my side' I think to myself. I let out yet another breath like I do when I get irritated and aggravated. I walk out to the door and approach the truck. 
	Maria, Elaine, and Amy head out through the back door. I see them coming around the corner of the house unsure of what’s going on. I find myself a little unsure myself. I'm not even licensed to drive a car let alone a motorcycle. But if it makes Chest happy I guess I should let him be happy but I still want to keep my requirements. I want to keep the strings attached that I made. I don't want to take advantage of people, never had really and I plan to keep it that way. 
	When I was out on my own I did depend on other people but I didn't take advantage. I wouldn't ask for more than I needed. I wouldn't accept candy or free rides or anything just vegetables, fruits, grains, and some water. The rest of the time I would resort to a little pick pocketing but no more than a few dollars unless they looked like they needed it more than I did. I don't plan on breaking that streak even now when I have no need to do any of those things.
	It takes time for Chest to wheel the bike off of the pickup but he has a big smile on his face. I smile back knowing that I am showing my nervousness with it. With the bike finally on the ground Chest starts it up and revs it a couple of times for good measure. He kicks the kickstand down and turns off the engine, Chest holds up his index finger telling me to wait a moment.  
	Excitedly Chest runs around to the passenger side of the truck while Tim stands there grinning happily about his time helping Chest ruin my standard about not taking things I don't need. I understand it’s his good heart that makes him want to do this but that doesn't mean I enjoy it. Chest comes back around carrying a bag still grinning widely.
	"Macey, you told me that there where strings attached to buying the bike. But you said nothing about the helmet." Chest grins. I silently curse myself for not thinking about that catch. Normally I think things through pretty thoroughly. Amy smiles too looking ecstatic about the idea of the bike. Elaine seemed to be on the same side as the rest of the family except for Maria. She seemed a little unhappy that I was the one getting the bike that matched Chest's instead of her.  
	"Thanks." Is all I can get out. Mostly because I am shocked about how soon he went and got it and how he still managed to get his way. 
	"This is so exciting! Just think about it, you can go in to town on your own accord without help from us. We can all help you learn how to ride and take you in to get licensed." Amy starts planning excitedly. I shrug my shoulders moving towards the bike that has (with help of Chest and Tim) wheeled itself to my affections. I really do like this bike even though it’s a little unplanned at the moment. I inspect the motorcycle closely liking the curves it has, and how the colors make it stand out. 
	After a few minutes of staring at the bike I walk over to it letting my hand glide down from the handle bars, across the seat, to the rear end where I can have a single passenger. I'd only rode on the back of a motorcycle once before, it was in the rain just on a short trip down to the end of my small home town and back home. It wasn't really all that bad to be honest. I throw my leg over the bike and straddle it seeing how heavy it is. I can touch the ground flat footed while sitting on it and I can hold it up on my own. 
	"Chest I wasn't expecting you to take my permission about this so sudden," I say flicking my neck to throw my hair on to my shoulder so I can look at him clearly," But I really do like it, and can't wait to start riding on the roads." Chest is so happy that he comes over and hugs me.
	"And I thought you would be mad at me." I snicker as he whispers in to my ear.
	"We'll talk later." I tell him playfully and quietly. He chuckles in my ear and turns away to talk to Amy.
	Before he can get her away she turns to me," You and I are going to Harley Davidson later to find you some leathers." I groan knowing that this means another long trip to Kolalaya for something that I really don't need. Honestly a pair of jeans and my normal black jacket would work fine if she asks me. But it wouldn't pass for her. She wants me to go all out heavy biker chic. But there is no telling Amy that you don't need to go shopping for more clothes.
	I groan trying to come up with an excuse to get out of the trip. Even though I know that I will have to go to Kolalaya anyway to go and get a motorcycle license soon anyway so really I have no way to get out of going. I sit there waiting for I don't know what. Elaine looks happy and excited but Maria looks absolutely pissed. I know exactly why too. It’s obvious that she's jealous that I have the guy she looked at several times. She glares at me and grits her teeth, she's trying so hard to probably not rip my head off. But I can tell what she's thinking.
	"You know I didn't ask for this Maria, I didn't want to make you angry. Heck the day that Amy first found me with you and Elaine I was trying to help us all escape before they came and got us out. I didn't mean for Chest to fall in love with me, I didn't mean to get captured the second time, I surely didn't expect him to be the one to save me by the way he acted around me, and I sure didn't mean to take him from you. But he did come after me, He did come and save me the second time, and I really didn't mean to fall in love with him." I explain.
	"I don't care. You just being here is enough to make me angry, now evidently you are to hair brained to figure out that I want you to leave Chest alone so now I'm telling you to." Maria snarls at me. I smirk and snicker as I get off my motorcycle.
	"I'm not going anywhere Maria, I've tried to be nice I've tried staying out of your way, I've even tried brute force. But this time I'm not going to do anything, I am not going to tip toe around you anymore. I'm done with you, finished with all of your crap! So why don't you leave and sulk somewhere." I say dripping venom from my words. Normally I'd feel bad but this time I don't.
	Maria stares at me unbelieving as if she's surprised that I actually am not doing what she wants. I turn my back to her and start to walk away, I feel her grip my hair and pull me back to her. I have to lean backwards as she wrenches my head down farther too where I look up at her face.
	"You don't know who you are messing with wench so I suggest that you back off." Maria whispers sounding menacing. I start to laugh and eventually I am dissolving in laughter, Maria looks at me more sternly not quite sure what to do. Suddenly I stop laughing and elbow her in the stomach. She lets go of me and I bend back to where I'm standing straight. I pick her up from under her arms and lay her on the ground. Before she can get up I put my foot on her chest putting most of my weight on her.
	I lean down and rest my folded arms on my knee, I flip my hair out of my face so she could see me clearly and said in a sweet but dangerous voice," I suggest you don't EVER do that to me again. Understand?! You won't tell me what to do and you. Won't. Threaten. Me. Again. Either. Then we won't have to have this little talk again. Are we clear?"
	"Yes." Maria barely whispers clearly shaken by my outburst and the fact I have her on the ground under my power.
	"I didn't hear you. I said. ARE. WE. CLEAR?" I am shouting now unable to contain my anger.  
	 "Yes, yes." She all but shouts on the verge of tears. I take my foot off her chest and lend her a hand up. She takes it and walks off without a final word. I put my hands on my hips and lift my chin up smugly when she turns back to glare at me. Maria whips back around and heads forward probably heading to her own little area on the compound. Considering it seems as if everyone has one. No one asks me what happened between Maria and me as I walk to the house.
	I am glad actually that no one approaches me about it, deep down I don't think I could contain my anger from any one and also I don't think that I can keep my measly breakfast in my stomach if I open my mouth. I hurry in to the house and head to the bathroom in the hall. I go in and lock the door behind me, I sink to the floor and pull my knees up to my chest and lay my head on them. I feel like bawling but I can't if I'm going to hold at least a little dignity in this family.
	Breathing deeply I try to hold the contents of my stomach back as I feel it slowly trying to work its way up my throat. Silent tears stream down my cheeks and I can't help remember the fear I had when I had Maria on the ground. I didn't know what to do if she managed to get up. I really don't want to fight her. I like to be the peacemaker not the reason why there's fights in the first place. The bile works itself up higher the more I think about all the things that could have happened if Maria had squirmed free of my grip. None of the ideas were very fun, but all were too likely for my comfort. 
	Realizing where my imagination is taking me I immediately close my mind off to any thoughts of Maria and instead focus on other things such as what I'm going to do if the police come and look for me again, how long it is before my feet start to ache from walking around Kolalaya in the next few days, and how Amy's going to go and blow this whole thing out of proportion. Finally I decide that I should probably pull myself together before someone realizes that I'm gone. I slowly rise to my feet and unlock the door. My hands shake as I turn the knob. Will Maria be waiting for me in the hall? Will someone ask me what happened outside?
	Once again I can tell that I'm about to lose it. Before I can chicken out and stay in the bathroom for the next two hours I wrench the door open and throw myself in to the hallway. Luckily for me no one is out in the hallway, I sigh in relief hoping that no one has any idea of what happened. I head in to the living room acting casual as if I hadn't just kicked my new sister's butt just a few minutes before. I go out and kick back on the couch for about an hour.
	Once the hour is over I decide that it’s time to go to bed. I say good night to everyone and kiss Chest lightly on the cheek as I walk by. It only takes me a few minutes once I hit the pillow to fall asleep.
	I wake before sunrise to someone shaking me. I open my eyes groggily to see Amy with her hand on my shoulder. I roll my eyes and close them thinking it’s just my imagination. She shakes me again and I hear her sigh. She shuffles around a little bit and grabs my shoulder again. Before I can defend myself I'm rolled out of bed and on to the floor.
	"Get up Mace. We need to get to the Kolalaya motorcycle shop before it’s packed. The new biking line is coming out today as soon as the door opens. A line is probably already forming." Amy whispers urgently. I moan and groan to eventually sit up. Showing my wish to stay in bed until a decent hour in the morning. Preferably when the sun is up.
Amy pulls me to my feet and through the house. She opens the back door still gripping my hand and jumps the cement step below the door. My tired mind not comprehending the move I trip and fall only to have Amy pull me back to my feet. She opens the passenger side door to her corvette and rushes me inside. Once the door is closed she runs around and jumps in to the driver’s seat. I honestly think that we were on the way to Kolalaya before she even shut the door and had her seat belt on.
	The sun slowly starts to hit the horizon when Kolalaya comes in sight. The city still looks out of place in the middle of the desert. We park in the same area we did the last time we were here. Amy jumps out of the car and comes around to my side. She effectively pulls me out of the car. She closes the door locking it and her own with a push of a button. She takes a tight hold on my hand and we run off. Well, I'm more dragged off as she runs. But any way we move quickly through Kolalaya. We come to a stop out front of a building that looks just like any other, except the line that wraps around the base of it.
	“Welcome to the best bike shop in the world. Klan Motors has been here for as long as I have known about the city." Amy says in awe. She rushes forward with a grip still on my hand.  We get in line and I slump against the building.
	"Amy thanks for everything but I don't need any expensive flashy stuff. Just black and simple will work for me. You all have done way too much already." I explain as she stares down at me. Amy nods in understanding.
	"I've seen the pictures of the new line and it is cheap and not to flashy I promise Mace." Amy says sitting down to my right. Slowly the line moves forward, Amy leaves every few hours to get snacks and go to the bathroom. I go to the bathroom right after she gets back so one of us holds our place in line. Finally around noon we make it in to the store. Amy is right about the new leathers. They are all black with simple stitching and not too expensive. 
	"I am not much for the flowery type. But these plain black ones would go well with it." Amy whispers. I nod in agreement. We dig in the box by the showcase and pull out a pair of chaps. The next box has the jacket. The third box has the gloves.
	We check out soon after and head home. Not spending more than $100. This is amazing. But Kolalaya is like that, everything is cheaper than out in other civilizations and looks a lot cooler. Plus there's a lot less crime rate, maybe that’s because almost all of the people that know about the city grew up there. I'm not saying they are all interbred, they leave to marry and go back. 
	When we get home I go in to the bathroom (on Amy's orders) and put on the new Motorcycle gear. I leave the helmet on the bathroom cabinet and head in to the hall. Chest waits for me and throws his arm around my shoulders. 
	"Feisty little one aren't you?" He whispers in to my ear. 
	"Not at all" I act shocked and slightly offended. To punctuate it I grab a hold of his wrist and twist it behind his back slightly.  Not enough to hurt but enough that he can't escape. Chest chuckles at my sad joke and I release him. He retaliates by sweeping me up in to his arms in a bear hug not allowing me to reach the floor. Finally I manage to pull away and we go outside. Amy and Tim follow curious. Me being the klutz that I am, I fall to the ground I lay there for a minute remembering that day on the ice. I slowly rise on to my feet and look at Chest. Remembering the day we first met. 
	"I want to go back up on to the mountain where you found me. Is that okay? It would be a good time to test out my bike. I just got my license today in town." I tell Chest completely straight faced. Why wouldn't I be? I'm completely serious. I almost died up there, met my new family up there, fell in love there and now I want to add something else.
	"Yeah, we can leave now. Go get your helmet while I get my own leathers on and we'll go. I got something cool to show you there anyway." Chest agrees looking back at the house as if he's remembering too. I go by him and in to the house. He follows me quietly and calmly. I go in to the bathroom as he goes in to his bedroom. I get my helmet and head out to the shed where Chest stored our bikes yesterday. I take my seat on the work table waiting for Chest so we can leave.
	I don't have to wait long before he comes in wearing his leathers that are similar to mine. We get on our motorcycles and turn the keys in the ignitions. Chest backs out first then I follow shortly thereafter. He nods his red helmeted head in the right direction and I nod back pushing the clear plastic shield in place over my eyes. 
	I pull my feet up to the foot rests by the back wheel as I push the button on the right hand handlebar to start moving forward. I shoot towards the front gate. I look down in the mirror to see Chest catching up. I twist the grip on one of the handlebars to shift gears and go faster. I beat him to the main road but from there on he has to lead the way since I was unconscious going back to base.
	Chest turns to the left and I obediently follow up behind. We ride for several hours and the sun slowly begins to dip below the horizon. The road is dark but there is plenty of light coming over the hills of the basin. We ride over the hills to the mountains. We ride up the dirt road without a problem because there is no snow.
	"That's where the van was parked we saved you in!" Chest yells to me pointing at a turnabout off to the side of the road. We ride for maybe two miles or so and he calls back to me again," That is where I found you in the snow." He points ahead slightly next to the base of the hill. I remember that day, it seems like a life time ago when it had not been more than two or three months ago. As I look back I find it hard to believe that I've gone from a street rat to a girl in love. From someone fighting for every scrap of food I could find to eating rounded meals every day, or weighing only 90 pounds to now around 120. I look back at myself and see me healthier.
	"I still can't get over how many times you have saved me." I say to Chest when we stop next to a picnic table and turn off the motorcycles. I walk over and perch myself up on the picnic table with my feet on the bench. I take off my helmet and shake out my hair. Chest comes over taking his helmet off as well, and comes over to stand in front of me. He pulls me to him and runs his hands through my hair and squeezes my shoulders. Chest releases me and takes a step or two backwards, I bounce my heels against the bench causing the whole table to shake with the rhythm. 
	"That's one of the glories of being danger prone," Chest jokes smiling," You have the hot knight in shining spy gear save you." He stops unable to go on through his laughter.
	"I'm not danger prone. That is a very mean thing to say," I playfully scold him laughing as well, then seriously I add," But you are my hot knight in shining spy gear." I sound so cheesy but it felt so good to say something that was gooey and love struck for once. Chest looks at me as I stay deep in thought.
	"Let's go for a walk." I say distracted and hop off of the table and head up the road. I can see the road wind its way up the mountain. Chest comes up behind me and entwines his fingers with mine. We walk at the same pace looking around at the scenery. Everything has changed in a springy type of way from the icy way things were from the last time I was here. Sadly I can still remember a lot of the details from the fall. I may have been malnourished at the time but I remember everything. I wonder where Sunder went off to.
	I don't know how far I walk when Chest points off to the left and over the cliff," This is about where I lost you off the back of the skis. I was so scared when I called behind me to see if you were alright and realized you weren't there anymore. I thought you bailed, I would have left you behind if it wasn't for the cold snow."
	Taking in a breath I look over the edge to see how far the drop was, it was a long way down with many rocks that I somehow missed. I'm not quite sure how I managed to do that, but naturally I am grateful. Chest pulls me back against him and leads me up the mountain some more. This time I know that we have gone at least a mile maybe a mile and a half when we come to a crater in the ground where some plants have grown over the edges. I look down and recognize the familiar technology at the bottom. I find a rope that had been left there and give it a tug to be sure it's sturdy enough to hold my weight.
	Once I decide it's safe I propel my way down to the floor of the underground lab where I first met the people that would become my new friends, siblings, enemy, and boyfriend. I wander around remembering the time I spent here trying to figure my way out, I walk up the platform that Sunder had tried to kill Elaine, Maria, and myself. It brings back memories of that day, how my sight had lingered on Chest when I first met him and how amazed I was to have to ride on the skis behind him without falling to pieces (Metaphorically since I did it physically). I hear Chest's feet hit the ground behind me and feel his hand on my shoulder.
	I look back at him and smile," I remember. The day you found me here with Elaine and Maria. I thought I'd forgotten it. I figured I would have actually, so many other happier times have come between then and now." He looks at me and smiles sighing. He takes my hand and leads me back down off of the platform. I scan around trying to find some sort of a clue on how I got here in the first place.
	"What are you looking for?" Chest asks as if reading my mind.
	"Anything that says why I was brought here at the same moment Elaine and Maria were. Anything from my life before I met all of you. Just anything that can help me remember. It’s so irritating to have a big hole in your memory when you know there is something there that you are missing. I want to know how I came to be here. Not that I'm not happy to be here because I am. It’s just frustrating." I babble trying to seem somewhat intelligent.
	Chest laughs and reassures me," You get frustrated so easily. But I will help you look. I kind of am curious too, what such and evil person would want from an angel like you."
	"I'm nowhere near being an angel trust me." I say walking ahead toward a tunnel in the rock," I knew that this couldn't be all there is to the lab. I vaguely remember cells. Not from the time I was caught on the compound but from here. I remember them because the daze was wearing off. I can remember falling asleep in an alley in I believe Vegas, or maybe Shasta but any way I remember waking up in a cell."
	I walk down the tunnel feeling my way down the dark passage. I know there is another ceiling window hear somewhere. Or at least a shaft of light coming from somewhere. How else would the Sunder helpers get back and forth from the lab to the holding area without stumbling in to walls or feeling their way down them at least. I remember that there were no light bulbs. Everything about light was natural. 
	Finally I reach a dead end. I sigh and head my way back to the opening and find the ray of light I was looking for. Oh wait duh, I have a flashlight in my pocket. I pull it out and follow the passage with Chest right behind me. The beam of the flashlight isn't very big but I can see enough not to run in to anything. The passage widens out in to a den like space with a small hole in the ceiling letting in a little light to make the space less dark, I flip off the flashlight and wait for my eyes to adjust to the near darkness. 
	Once my eyes can see better I walk around the walls where I find the cells I was looking for. I look inside one cell and see if I can find anything that says whether or not that I was here. I continue to go down the row of cells and look inside hoping for anything that will give me a sign of how I came to be here. But there is no sign of what I am looking for. I sigh and head back out to the middle of the alcove, Chest meets me there and takes my hand in his.
	"Did you find anything?" He asks. I just shake my head.
	"Don't worry. It’s not a good idea to live in the past any way. The only thing that matters is that your here now." 
	I look up at him and smile "Your right. It doesn't matter how I got here it just matters that I did. "
	Together we both walk out of the lab and climb the rope back to the surface. 
	"But I still wonder how Sunder got down there to begin with" I state.
	"I do to sometimes. But it’s one of those things that happened and isn't critical, so I don't worry about it." Chest answers me.
	We walk in silence back to where we left the bikes. When we get there the sun has gone down and a starry night sky is left in its place. The night air is warm and comforting knowing that down here in Arizona there isn't cold nights really till the sun has been down for a while. Chest and I both get on our bikes and head back to the compound. The air is a little chilly as we go through it at about 50 miles per hour. I follow Chest back to his shed and put my bike next to his, and take my helmet off. He copies me and we walk back to the house together.
	"So what's the next move?" He asks.
	"I don't know," I reply" I still want to know how he found me."
	"We may never know." He says trying to make me feel better. I guess it does a little but not by much. We walk up the steps and in to the house in silence. Maria glares at us (or maybe just me) in pure hatred. A cruel wicked smile grows on her face and I can't help but to shake slightly. With her you never know what could be coming. She looks at me and taps her wrist in the universal signal for time. I don't know really what she's thinking of but I'm not really sure if I'm afraid or excited for the next chance I have to show her that I can pull my own weight.
	Amy and Tim walk in to the room talking and laughing amongst themselves. I can't hear what they are saying but I certainly can hear them laughing. Maria walks up to them and looks at them waiting patiently for them both to stop talking show she can speak. When Tim finishes whispering in to Amy's ear they both turn to look at Maria. Amy tries to hold back a smile and a giggle from whatever Tim had told her.
	“I have something I need to tell you two about Chest and Macey. I would like the both of you to sit down please." Maria announces trying to sound sweet and shaken. Once Time and Amy are both sitting on the couch, Chest in the rocking chair, and I on the floor beside him Maria paces in front of the television and continues," In case you do not know, and I have the urge to inform you that there is a problem in this house. I know that I have been saying that since Macey has gotten here. But I know have proof.
	"I believe that every person has the right to a proper trial. Even in a house hold environment. I have dropped the charges of running away and drug possession slash usage. But I now bring forward two new charges to the court. Those charges being battery and the fact that she is dating one of the family while she lives under this roof."
	Amy and Tim just stare at her not sure exactly what to say.
	"I was shocked too, when I found out the scandal. The one that is supposed to protect us all from harm has made favorites with one of us. As far as we know in the future, we all could be in one of Sunder's labs, all of us but him trapped. Macey could be dead and he would be more focused on getting her body out and burying her to save the rest of us." Maria continues.
	"Honey I am proud of you for coming up with the examples and evidence but we already knew and accepted it. Elaine has too. We aren't a spy family all the time. We can afford a relationship in the house and not worry about it. I mean it’s not like they can do anything. There are security cameras all over the place and everyone else as well. Besides Chest is noble and wouldn't do anything any way. The same with Macey. We're sorry we didn't tell you, but it was actually my idea for the two of them to get together." Amy states with authority.
	Maria's jaw drops," You knew it all along?" Amy and Tim nod their heads, “Fine. But there is still the complaint of battery. Just a couple of hours ago I was beaten to the ground by Macey for doing nothing but talking to her."
	I stand up and object," I was walking away. If you hadn't reached up and grabbed me by the hair I wouldn't have put you on the ground. I didn't beat you. I just laid you on the found and leaned on you and talked reason that's it." Once I'd said my peace I sat back down and folded me legs beside me. Maria looked to Tim and Amy, they both looked thoughtful.
	It was Tim that spoke this time," Maria your right, she shouldn't have put you on the ground," Maria grinned thinking she had won but her face fell as soon as Tim continued," But you started first. As you know we have a saying around here ' Don't dish out what you can't take back' and 'Pick your battles wisely because you can't win them all' so in light of all of this. Macey I sentence you to two weeks of dish duty." One again Maria's face lit up, but Tim wasn't done yet," Maria for being the aggressor in this matter your sentence you to 20 laundry days. You will be helping Amy pick up laundry baskets and handing them back out again. There will be no good behavior slip outs for either of you."
	Maria looked shocked, I didn't honestly care one way or another that this turned out with me being punished as well. I actually liked the idea of how Tim and Amy ran their house of misfits. Benjamin comes running in and throws himself at Chest. He balls up his tiny fist and pretends to sock him in the nose. Chest covers his nose and pretends to be hurt.
	“Ah Benj now I have to call on Amy to fix him." I add playing pretend as well. Benjamin laughs as Amy comes over and pretends to take a look at Chest's 'broken' nose. The whole room lights up to a family scene and the playing begins. The main focal point of the game being Benjamin attacking Chest and Amy fixing him. Everyone seems to be happy except for Maria, she puts her hands in her pockets and walks outside. I should have left it alone but didn't. 
	I get up and follow her, completely expecting to apologize and make one more failed attempt to make peace with her. She walks around the back of the house and starts to head to the back of the compound. She passes the infirmary where Amy, Tim, and Chest brought me after I fell off of the cliff. I wonder where she's going since that is the last building on the compound except for Sunder's last lab failure. I still don't understand how he got in to the compound any way. Since a tall brick wall stands between the compound and the outside world.
	She walks forward and stands outside the opening to the lab and stared inside. She kicked some of the gravel and muttered to herself. Just seeing her that way caused me to think that she might not have been out to get me. Maybe she didn't hate just me. The lab door opened and Maria looked up, not necessarily in surprise but more in relief. I move back and hide behind one of the boulders that stand nearby. Sunder walks up to Maria and puts a hand on her back. I'm surprised when she doesn't flinch away.
	I can hear Maria's voice but can't tell what she's saying, she is too far away and whispering. I see Sunder answering her in a soft voice as if reassuring her of something. Like when you tell someone 'it's going to be okay' when they are really upset. I continue to watch closely and try to figure out what's happening. Maria steps closer to Sunder and he wraps his arm around her shoulders. If I didn't know better I'd say that the two of them were friends and have been for a long time. 
	Maybe I don't know better. Maybe the last fight between the two was just a show. Could it be that the last time I was kidnapped by Sunder been just a fake? Was I simply one of their props? I knew that I should tell Amy or Tim but what proof did I have? I surely didn't want to have to go through with the whole lawyer and court bit again. But yet I knew that letting her do this would be a mistake that I would eventually regret. I want to get closer to the scene but there is no other vegetation or rock out cropping that would hide me enough so I wasn't caught.
	Then again maybe that is exactly why Maria is doing this. So I could catch her and falsely accuse me again of something that did happen but twisted to make it seem worse than it already was. But then again what if that isn't the case? What if this isn't some ploy? What if this really is a secret meeting between Maria and Sunder? I don't want to know what would happen to Amy, Tim, or Elaine if something bad happened. What about Benjamin? I don't think I could see him hurt, the same with Chest.
	I know I especially wouldn't be able to handle it if I knew it was all my fault for not telling them. I'd rather be punished for them thinking I was lying and have something happen and them at least having a fighting chance then not tell them and having someone get badly hurt over it. I wait trying to find an opening where I can escape without a problem. But as long as Sunder has his eyes looking in this general direction then I can't move. 
	After a while Sunder removes his arm and Maria nods her head in understanding I guess, and starts to walk away and back towards the house and my boulder. I look at Sunder trying to tell if he will turn around and head back in to the lab so I can simply turn around the boulder and stay hidden from Maria but that isn't the case. Sunder just stands there and watches Maria as she walks away from him. 
	I know that I'm in trouble. But then again I could always get lucky and not have her notice me as she goes by. The only thing though is that in her training I know that she is supposed to be ever vigilant to all of the things around her and anything that can be posed as a threat should be watched extra carefully. The only thing I can hope for is that she is so lost and confused at the moment she passes me there is no chance that she can focus and that Sunder doesn't see me following her. 
	She is just about ready to catch me when I tense up in my defensive stance when I see Sunder walk back in to his cave and the secret door shut. I quickly and quietly walk around the boulder to where my back is exposed to the lab entrance. Maria calmly walks by as if she hadn't just had a secret meeting with the enemy of the whole family. 
	I try not to breathe knowing that a simple huff of air could alert Maria that I have followed her. I can't believe she hasn't found me yet. I wait until she is a simple little shape in distance before I get out from behind the boulder and slowly follow her back to the house. But instead of going straight in to the house I go out to Chest's and my shed and get on my motorcycle. I take it to the side of the house and run water from the hose to a bucket. I didn’t want to just hose the bike down so I take a sponge with no soap and start to run plain water down the side of the motorcycle.
	I am about to add soap to the bucket when Tim comes out of the house and says," Oh there you are Macey. We were wondering where you were." I look up at him acting startled as soon as he begins to speak,” I have a question, I guess it doesn't absolutely need answered but it would be great to know when your birthday is. So you know, so we can make you feel more comfortable and feel like part of the family." I can tell he is nervous about asking me. Normally he and Chest are the strong not too sensitive people in the house. 
	"Tomorrow actually. I was born on June seventh." I answer trying to hide a small laugh, Tim looks uncomfortable as he normally is when it comes to showing emotion. Normally he doesn't show very much emotion unless it’s toward Amy. 
	"You'll be what eighteen?" He asks trying to have a conversation without it becoming too awkward and obviously thinking that it wasn't going to well. I simply nod my head.
	"I'm sorry Tim but I really need to get back to this. I don't want water droplet marks on the paint from where the water dries." I say trying to release him from his need to hold a conversation that he doesn't seem to impressed with having. Tim nods and heads back in to the house. I think about how nice he was to me when I first came here and how I was able to help him fix their van. 
	I finish wiping the water off of my bike and wheel it back in to the shed. I walk in to the house and see Chest sitting on the couch watching cartoons with Benjamin. I walk up and sit next to him and cuddle against him. Chest rests his chin on my head and breathes in the scent of my hair. Anyone else would have thought this was weird but I find it cute. Amy walks in to the room and stands there in the room staring at the TV. After a few minutes an important announcement crosses the screen and a news reporter comes up with the breaking news.
	“Breaking news! The seventeen year old drug addict has been found. She has not yet been returned to her family but we expect it any time now. Macey Ricks was reported missing a couple months ago after she had returned home from a party high on cocaine. She ran away that night and seemed to disappear." A picture of me flashes on the screen and the Reporter's voice continues in the background, “An Anonymous caller told police that she is in a small house in a desert in Arizona. Police were unable to bring her to her family.
	"But now we hear that her own parents are on the way to this house to bring their daughter home. This is Julia with the latest news. Now back to your program." The cartoon resumed and Amy, Chest, and I just stared at it in shock. My body started to shake with tension. 
	"No I can't go back there! There's nothing wrong with me. I'm not an addict. I can't go back! I won't go back!" My whisper grows in volume as tears come to my eyes. I lean forward putting my face in my hands, resting my elbows on my knees, and rocking back and forth. Chest wraps his arm around me and tries to comfort me. I can hear Amy's running feet as she heads in to her room behind the television. I can hear her voice as she talks to Tim.
	What's wrong with her? Withdrawals finally getting to her or has her head finally cracked?" I hear Maria's voice dripping with sarcasm and flirting. 
	"Back off and shut up Maria." I hear Chest rumble. He stands up and picks me up in his arms. I keep my hands over my face and try to blink tears away. I feel Chest walking and hear the squeak of the back door opening. I feel the heat rush in at him and me as Chest gets ready to walk through the door. Can feel him step down the steps to the ground and him to continue walking. After a few minutes shade covers us and he sits me down on the work table in our shed. He tilts my face up and looks at me in the eyes with such fierceness that I feel safe.
	He kneels down in front of me and looks me square in the eyes," Your birthday is tomorrow. You will turn eighteen, which means no matter what they can't make you move. Only your parents, Tim, Amy, You, and I know this. You aren't going anywhere and how I know this is because we live in Arizona the emancipation rules qualify for you anyway. So you're still safe. So there are two reasons why you don't have to leave."
	I look at him and smile as he wipes a tear track away with his thumb and rests his hand on my cheek. I wrap my fingers around his wrist and nod at him. We sit and talk about everything that has happened. He explains to me what he felt when he found me and I share how I felt about him when I first saw him. I told him about the fights I had with Maria and all of the things that Elaine and I discussed. he told me about the awkward conversation between him and Amy about me and I told him about the identical conversation she and I had.
	 Soon it was dark and we went inside. We went to our separate rooms knowing that the next day or two is going to bring a bad war between my biological family and my new family. I lay in bed going over ideas of what I'll say to my parents and all of the arguments in my head. Finally I fall in to a restless sleep.
	The next morning is bright and shiny but I feel a foreboding ahead. I still am not sure how my parents will react to the fact that Chest and I live together under the same roof. But then I remember the video from the shed that Chest told me about and realize that there is proof that there is no way that he and I could do anything bad. Chest may be smart but even he told me that he's not the best with electronics so there is no way he could have put a loop on the camera. I am now glad that Tim and Amy are so involved with everyone's lives here.
	I head in to the back yard and simply walk. I pick up little bits and pieces of wood as I go along just because I can, I have no intention of doing anything with them I just feel peace knowing I'm doing something no matter how pointless. I try to think of the best way to tell my parents that I don't plan on going home. No matter how I spin it I can still see the same outcome. I put my pile of sticks down by a rock I pass and look at the bundle I've found. Maybe later I'll dig out a fire pit. That would be fun, not the digging part but the part of me actually contributing something to the family. I haven't really done anything here to show my appreciation of Amy and Tim helping me. Well now I'm going to do something about it.
	I leave my sticks behind and start to hunt for some good size rocks. I don't know really where the sticks came from. The closest trees are alongside the wall, and one tiny tree beside the front deck. I guess the wind has been blowing kind of hard lately. So maybe that explains the sticks and twigs all over half of the compound. I keep my ears open for sounds around me. Any sound and I keep my eyes on the ground looking for rocks to use as a barrier of the fire pit. 
	It doesn't take long for me to find a good armful of rocks of all different shapes, sizes, and colors. They are all normal rock colors but they are all different. I take a couple and head back towards the house, I find a nice small patch of dirt and clear out a circle to lay the stones in. I get the first ring done and head inside to take a shower knowing that my parents won't be impressed with the way I look now all covered in dust and sweat. 
	I calmly walk back in to the house and in to the room that I have happily shared with Elaine for the last several months. I go to my dresser and start to dig in to the dresses that Amy bought for me. She thinks they will be perfect for when I become an agent like them. I have been taking classes and have been practicing here on the compound and Amy thinks that I can handle the job. I hope that I can prove her right. She has taken my preferences and has found some dresses that fit me. Granted I'm not a dress and skirt person but for today I'll make an exception.
	I jump in the shower and am sure to wash all of the dust, grit, and sweat from my body, many times over. After a while I get out of the shower and start to get dressed in to a simple dark purple dress that goes down to my knees with cupped sleeves, and a simple neckline that isn't to low but isn't really all that high either. I slip in to a pair of patented leather strap heels and clasp on a simple gold beaded necklace. I look in the mirror hoping that I look clean and healthy, as well as trying not to hide anything. 
	There is a slight knock at the door and Amy walks in. She pulls me to her and holds me tight in a firm hug that tells me she doesn't plan to let me go outside the compound without anyone but the family in this house. She releases me slowly and holds me at arm’s length looking me over.
	“You look great, just remember to stay calm and to answer any questions they have truthfully. We aren't pretending anything, I figure that if you want them to know about Chest and you, you should tell them yourself. The rest of us agree, we aren't all dressing quite as nicely as you because you are the main person that we want your parents to focus on. So don't feel afraid to push some of the questions our way, believe me, we will be asking some of our own. “Amy whispers encouragingly to me. 
	I nod and slowly leave the bathroom, I would love just for this one time to be able to hide in here like I did when I first came and was so scared of everything. But this room hasn't been my refuge for quite some time, the shed is. But I know that running isn't an option this time, No matter how much Chest and I want to. Amy puts her arm around my shoulders and gently guides me to the living room and sits me down on the couch. She knows what I'm thinking, she knows what Chest is thinking she knows that if we wanted to run there would be no catching up to us, so she was making sure that running wasn't an option. Chest comes in and sits across the room from me in the wooden rocking chair.
	Amy answers the door with Benjamin right behind her. When Amy opens the door I can't help but sit straighter and back against the back of the couch. Chest looks at me and mouths," Don't worry, we have a good plan set. Just remember that whatever happens I love you." Then he turns away and goes in to full adult mode not the normal 20 year old (he told me his age when we first started hanging out. It was one of those get to know you questions.) I'm used to. He addresses my parents as ma'am and sir. He refuses to use their last names or first names. My parents don't sit next to me, they take the two kitchen chairs we placed on the opposite side from where the family, and I sit. Somehow I knew this was going to happen.
	"Macey." Is all my parents say to me. After not seeing me for almost 6 months that’s all they have to say? No, we’ve missed you, no, How have you been, or no, what were you thinking. Just "Macey". As soon as my name left my mother's lips I knew I was in trouble. But I trust Chest and Amy, they know what they are doing and how to get the outcome they want. 
	“Ma’am, Sir, my name is Amy, my husband Tim, My daughters Elaine and Maria, my sons Benjamin and Chester." Amy introduces pointing to each person in turn.
	"Chester seems a little old to be your son Amy." Mother says. I sigh inwardly. After this meeting Amy and Tim might decide just to let them have me. 
	“Maria, Benjamin, and Chest are my adopted children." Amy answers.
	"Chest is an odd name to call someone. It doesn't sound very appropriate in my mind." Mother says pointedly. Father nods in agreement while I shake my head.
	"We didn't want to call him by his first name. It just seemed too formal, so we shortened it slightly." Amy answers. My parents snort a little clearly not liking the situation any more than they did when they came in. My parents look around the room shaking their heads at times and just openly staring at others. They looked out the windows at the motorcycles and the four wheeler and then at each other.  Knowing them they are thinking the kids here are way too spoiled.
	All I want to do is run and hide. To find out who tipped my parents off and tell them off one way and up the other. I just want to curl up in a ball and disappear to be never seen or heard from again. But the fact of what Chest would go through if any of that happens keeps me rooted to the spot.
	"Are you going to take Macey away?" Benjamin asks. My parents stare at him, not in a mean way just unexpected.
	"Benji that's not question you should ask right now." Amy scolds lightly.
	"I kind of want to hear that answer myself. There's no point beating around the bush. We need to get this matter solved so we can go on with our lives." Chest says sounding slightly aggravated.
	"Chest its okay, we all need to warm up to each other before we start to discuss what's going to happen." Time states trying to keep Chest in line.
	Chest rises out of his chair quickly almost knocking it over backwards as he starts to raise his voice," What does it matter? Chances are if they win we'll never see them again! Chances are that if we win they won't like us anyway, I don't see a point in getting to know people who are just going to fight us all the time no matter the outcome is." He storms off down the hall. I get up pointedly glaring at my parents and follow him calling his name.
	I find him standing in the bathroom leaning against the counter by the sink staring in the mirror. I knock on the door jamb lightly as I walk in. He looks at me and gives me a smile that doesn't touch his eyes. His eyes show sadness and hurt but I don't know why. He turns back to the mirror and looks at himself and just stands there trying to control his breathing. 
	"Just the thought of them taking you away pisses me off. I don't want to talk to these people. I want them away from our compound, I want them to allow you to stay, to see how happy you are here. You are happy right?" He says gruffly. I smile and nod. What kind of question is that? I couldn't be happier.
	"Just please do this for me? It's kind of important and can make or break us. Think about all those times you saved me. Think of this as one of those times, the only difference is that you’re battling with words not muscle." I reason trying to calm his temper. He doesn't answer me, instead he nods and follows me out in to the living room. We take our respected seats.
Mom and Dad stare at me with no emotion. My mom takes a deep breath and states," I think Chester has a point, we shouldn't get to comfortable with people we don't know our plan to come in to contact again. that goes for both my husband and I with you and you and your family with us." 
Amy nods and asks," What is your defense? What are your reasons for taking Macey from us?" Mom sighs again and says kind of wearily," We are her family and want what's best for her. We know more about Macey than you can. We’ve known her since birth and you've only known her for a month. We want what's best for her."
Tim nods and mutters something under his breath then out loud," I can understand that, but you didn't seem to understand her when she came home from that party. She told you that it wasn't her fault, several of her friends even agreed that it wasn't her fault. She seems to like it here and I have no problem with her staying. In fact none of us do."
Mom's hands start to shake as she says through clenched teeth," She is our daughter. We have a right to her. She belongs with us."
"No," I say forcefully," First I am right here and I would appreciate it if you would act like it. Second you lost your rights that night after the party. If not then, you do now, I'm 18 and can choose for myself by law and there is nothing you can do about it. I choose to stay here." Mom and Dad look shocked. They have that look on their faces as if they want me to think of my decision but I just shake my head. Chest stands up and intertwines his fingers with mine. My parent’s faces turn red with anger.
"I am completely safe here. Chest won't hurt me, he hardly touches my hand without permission. We have cameras all over the property to be sure nothing happens between us. Nothing will happen." I add as an afterthought. Thinking I need to explain myself. My parents act as if they want to object but I just point my finger to the door and stand firm saying," Out. You've worn out your welcome.” Amy looks at me proudly and nods to them. Slowly they walk out the door.
I turn to the family and smile at them, I look at each and every one of them so happy to consider them my family. I turn to Chest and see his face stretched in to a grin as well. He leans down and kisses me gently on the lips, I return it without hesitation. Then I remember Sunder
“Okay since everyone is here we need a family meeting. I saw Sunder again, here on the compound. I can take you directly to him, but it’s going to be hard, he has another cave in the boulders. So finding the right one is going to be tough. But I’m sure that if we’re careful I’m sure we can find it.” I say taking control of the situation, before it gets control of me. 
Amy nods curtly, and points to a map on the wall. I look the map over and point to a group of boulders, "some were in there." Amy nods and the whole family rushes off to separate rooms to change in to their gear. I stand quiet not able to move, the last hour’s events finally keeping up with me. Amy rests her hand on my shoulder and then smiles before she takes off after Tim to go change. 
Once everyone is done we gather back in the living room so we can gather and go together. The only difference is that this time I am dressed out as well. I have the same clothes, belt, and weapons as Amy has around her hips, together we all run out of the back door and to the boulder field. We run straight to the boulder where I was hiding and slow down to a walking pace. We circle the boulder I was sure hid the door to the lair. Turns out I was right, with a little dynamite paste the secret door blew off its hinges and we all ran in. Sunder didn’t even have a chance to fight back. 
We got in to the dim cave and immediately threw some flairs and sound grenades, I guess there are perks to being a government agent. While the crew inside are blinded and deaf we rush in and take advantage there isn’t really much to tell. I sneek up on Sunder and turned him around to face me.
“Do you remember me? You tried to kill me twice, you should know that I nor my family take that lightly once, but twice is asking for trouble.” I hiss getting in his face. Sunder grins widely.
“My dear that is not the beginning of what I had planned.” He smirks as he tries to land a punch in my face. I easily dodge the strike and land one of my own across his face. He spins away and his glasses fall off and get crushed under his foot as he tries to regain his balance. I slowly stalk him like a cat stalks a mouse. Even if this mouse is twice my height and weight. He sweeps his leg out wide catching me in the ankles knocking me to the floor. I land forcing all the air from my lungs. I lay there gasping for a minute before I jump to feet. He looks at me surprised for a second, then the surprise leaves his eyes and replaced with interest. The kind of interest a scientist watches the outcome of his experiment, but then again at one time I was. Anger boils up in me and I run at him screaming. He doesn’t have time to jump away before I hit him in the chest. He bowls over on to the ground. 
I straddle him pinning him to the ground as I look in his face and hiss,” You don’t know me, you never got to see what I did learn while you were here. I learned how to defend myself, I learned how to punch,” I punch him in the face and smile at the satisfying sound of his nose cracking beneath my fist,” See? How is that?” I get the cuffs from my side and cuff his hands together. He gives me a bloody smile and chuckles. I haul him to his feet forcing him to stand. All the other goons are in handcuffs as well and waiting for the police car that I know is on the way.
Chest walks over to me and whispers to me urgently,” You need to hide, the police probably haven’t taken you off their missing person list yet.” I nod and hide in a bend in the cave, I watch as the police guide the criminals to their cars and drive away. As we walk back to the house I slow down and match pace with Maria.
“You should be happy that I didn’t give you away. I could have, you know, I could have gotten you kicked off the compound. You put the whole family in danger, how could you do that to Chest? I know you’re still in love with him. What about your brother? Benji’s not old enough to defend himself yet.” I ask quietly so the rest of the family can’t hear. She just stares ahead pretending not to hear me. But I can see the twitch of her jaw and know that she heard me and is taking me seriously. I nod to her showing that she can’t hide her feelings as well as she thinks she can. I speed up my pace again and intertwine my fingers with Chest’s. A smile plays at the corners of his mouth. It seems we have won more than one victory in the past twenty-four hours.
Two Years Later
Christmas Day
“Hey Macey! When is your husband going to get here? He is always late for these occasions.” Amy asks me as I walk through the door.
“Chest’s getting Michaela out of the car. Can you believe that she is already eating more than six ounces? Only at 2 months too.” I answer. Chest comes through the door carrying the car seat that holds our daughter. He puts it down next to the door to get a sleeping Michaela out so Tim can hold her. I never would have thought Tim would be a baby person. But since Chest and I had Michaela he has been over at our house constantly.
Maria sits solemnly on the couch staring in to space. As she does every time we come over. Benji waits somewhat patiently to open his gifts and for us to see what he got the rest of us. About that time Michaela starts to fuss and I know on mother's instinct that she's hungry. I give a knowing look to Amy and she just smiles at me.
"Umm, Macey? Michaela needs you." Tim says handing her to me a little nervously. I smile at him to let him know that he didn’t do anything wrong that it's just breakfast time for her. He gives me a weak smile back. Chest grabs the baby bag and he heads to the kitchen to make some formula while I stay to talk to Tim and Amy for a while. 
About a minute later he pokes his head around the corner and asks," Hey honey? How many scoops do I put in the bottle?" 
I turn a little and call out,"Two if you're making 6 ounces and four if you're making twelve." He nods and disappears back in to the kitchen. In only a few seconds he comes out shaking the bottle and checking the temperature, at that time Michaela is really fussing not just whimpering. Chest takes her and gives her the bottle as he goes to sit on the couch. Elaine appears out of the hall way and runs over giving me a hug before sitting beside Chest to watch him feed Michaela. 
Benjamin is about to jump out of his skin with excitement by the time we are all ready to sit down and open gifts. I sit on the couch on the other side of Chest and the sleeping baby. I give Chest a light kiss marking an end to another great year.

The End
	

	
