THE LIPSTICK EMPIRE

By David M. Antonelli

SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
David Antonelli on Smashwords

The Lipstick Empire
Copyright © 2021 by David M. Antonelli


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.


* * * * *


There are a few people I’d like to acknowledge:

Paula Baticioto Benato is thanked for help in designing the cover page.  Marylu Walters is thanked for guidance on early versions of this manuscript.


* * * * *


THE LIPSTICK EMPIRE


By David Antonelli


Then I went back into the house and wrote, “It is midnight. The rain is beating on the windows.” It was not midnight. It was not raining.

Samuel Becket, from Molloy


1.  Brighton




I


Thurston picked up the phone and dialed.  Although he had only been away from Andrea for two weeks visiting his family in Colorado, he was already starting to feel her absence from his life in a way that he could no longer ignore.  It was past eleven in England and she would most likely be home.  He had to let her know in a subtle and not overly sentimental way that he missed her.  The phone rang seven times before she answered.
“Hello,” she said.  “I just thinking about you.”  Her voice dropped into the silence of her room.  It was a dark velvety silence, a silence like a womb.  It took hold of him and reassembled his best impressions of her, piece by piece.  He imagined her walking down the Brighton beachfront, awash as much with the ocean spray as the carnival lights, the seaside rides and merrymaking celebrating a time far less glorious than its memory. 
“I miss you,” he said.  The silence continued in a way that was no longer comforting. Maybe he had said the wrong thing and she was just sitting there that very instant thinking he had spent the last week sitting in his room pining away for her.  Although he sometimes wondered what they had in common, he never doubted that she was right for him.  She had a certain way, perhaps European in its origins, of being relaxed and not seeming to worry as much about things as he did.  It was an attitude that he found intriguing, and one that - he had slowly come to realize - he had never been able to sustain in his life without some outside influence.  “But I've been keeping busy,” he added, trying to offset any negative implications that his first comment might have planted.
“It very hot here,” she said.  “Me Júlia go to beach yesterday.  Have to get out of day home.  Woman there go crazy.  She schizophrenic.  She up all night and we have to chase her around house.  Not my cup of tea.”
“Maybe you should get out of there,” he said.  He wanted to test the waters.  If she was on a work permit that bound her to one employer, the day home in which she lived and worked as a kind of unqualified care person, she would never be free to leave and find a new job unless she wanted to move back to Hungary.  Yet if she could, then maybe she could leave the day home and move in with him.
“I must be careful,” she said.  “I do one wrong thing and I might get sent back Hungary.”  She stopped.  For a moment it seemed like all that existed in the universe was the sound of her breathing.  “How your mother?” she asked like she didn't quite know what to say.
“Fine,” said Thurston.  He really didn't know what to say either.  “Doing very well,” he continued, almost nervously.  There was always the danger that a bad conversation during a phone call after some time apart might be taken as a condensed representation of the entire relationship, thinning it, diluting it, making it seem like some dry abstraction barely worth holding on to.  It was this possibility in Andrea that scared Thurston the most.  Maybe in that short moment on the phone during which he was transformed to little more than a voice on the other end of the line, she would see him as he really was for that brief window in the space-time continuum: nothing more than some etheric presence hovering somewhere in the great black entanglement phone lines and telecommunication satellites that started in one plastic box and ended in another.
“I sorry Thurston,” she said.  “My English not so good.  When you around I can read lips, but on phone very difficult for me.  Always very hard.”  
His doubts receded and he felt an overwhelming sympathy for her.  It must have been difficult for her to leave her homeland and go to a new country where she could barely speak the language and then be forced to work like a slave for minimum wages.
“It must be hard,” he said what he was already thinking.
“Hard?  I don't know.”  There was a pause.  “Yes, maybe,” she finally conceded.
He heard the sound of someone shouting upstairs.  Maybe it was dinnertime.
“I have to go,” he said.  He felt relieved.
“Thank you so much for your call,” she said, in what sounded like a tone of sweet desperation.  He felt good again.  It seemed like she was waiting anxiously for his return.  He closed his eyes and let her face form inside him.  It was a soft face, yet chiseled in the right places with big green eyes that somehow looked more Asian than their roundness and size would suggest.  She would be smiling, he thought.  He could almost see her red lips rising into the contours of her cheeks.
He made a small, almost imperceptible, kissing noise into the receiver.  In response he heard the hiss of a dead line.   He took a deep breath and hung up.  It was getting late and he had plans for the evening.  He fixed himself a drink and took a chair in the living room.  He had another three weeks with his family before he had to go back to England to continue his work at the University of Sussex.  They had lured him over from America a year and a half earlier after a successful postdoc at MIT with a promise of a permanent job as a lecturer in chemistry.  But, as soon as he got there, he was told his position had been eliminated.  The Dean didn't even give him a chance to prove himself.  Funding had been cut and he was told he had two years to look for a new position unless some last-minute money could be found.  From that day on he decided to make the best of it and get whatever work he could done while also doing his best to apply and interview for other faculty positions back in North America.  But most of all he decided to enjoy himself.  They had done him a bad turn, but he wasn't about to let them ruin his life more than they already had.  He was in Europe and was going to take advantage of it while he could.  He had always liked the older buildings, the tree-lined boulevards, and the seemingly endless layers of history.  But more importantly, he was fascinated by the people - especially the women.  There was a silence in their eyes, and perhaps even a sullen shiftiness in their brow, underneath which was the promise of something greater.  Something powerful and deep.  Something like mystery and adventure, although far stronger and more real.

The next day he called her again.  Although he was sure everything was fine between them, there was something about the way she hadn't returned his kiss on the phone that bothered him.  Of course she may have already hung up before he had made the kissing gesture into the small black cup of the receiver, but there was always the chance that she had heard it and hung up anyway.  There was probably little new to report since the last call but it was important, he felt, that he make the effort to touch bases with her a second time just to remind her that he was still an active component of her life.  One call could be perceived as a casual accident, some drunken fancy that came over him after a night in a bar, but two calls were much more convincing and could never be mistaken for anything of the sort.
When she answered he was surprised how happy she seemed to hear from him.
“We go Jazz Room last night,” she enthused.  He had been there once before and found it unappealing.  It was a dingy orange-lit basement club in the lanes he had always associated with retro-hippies and continental Europeans indignant over the eleven o'clock last call desperately searching for a late-night drink.  “With Abdul and Valerie.”  Valerie was the proprietress of the day home and Abdul was her brother, he knew had designs on Andrea, but ones that he had never found threatening.  “Abdul?” she once said laughing.  “He doesn’t even have job and sleep until noon every day.  I cannot even go out for coffee with him.  My mother would think he Gypsy.”  
She yawned in the proud and languorous way of a woman who had really let herself go the night before.  “We dance all night.  So good.  So much fun.”
“Really,” said Thurston, trying to mask his jealousy.
They spoke for another ten minutes and again she thanked him for phoning.  When she said good-bye her voice gushed forth with the same love and tenderness as the first time he met her.  He dropped the receiver and went up to his room for a nap.  As he drifted off to sleep he heard some shouting in the distance and the sound of something he thought was a foghorn, although he knew there weren't any lakes or rivers for miles.  

He first met Andrea that April at a dimly lit underground house club on the Brighton beachfront where people, mostly students and tourists, often lined up for over an hour to get inside.  The lower stage was dark and lurid - with deep house and techno music - while the top floor was decorated in sheet metal with mirrors and music, which always seemed a bit lighter than that playing below.  Wednesday nights was Red Light Rush, a popular night where you could get two drinks for the price of one if you were fast enough to get to the bar when the red light was turned on and flashing.  For the last six months he had been working on a novel about a disastrous love triangle he had been involved in only a year before.  The story began during the early stages of his dating a woman named Stacey McDonald.  Over the first two months of their relationship she showed more and more tendencies towards jealous and destructive behavior.  She started following him in to work, watching him from a half a block away, and would sometimes show up at his door at three in the morning to make sure he wasn't cheating on her.  She even blew up in an argument over a woman he had apparently been eyeing while they were out at a restaurant and later that night smashed a Japanese ceramic vase that he was given for his eighteenth birthday.  After several months of hoping she would finally calm down and trust him, he eventually got fed up trying to clear himself from blame over things he didn't even do and broke it off with her.  She took it surprisingly well, although he knew it wouldn't be long before there was some kind of vengeful backlash.  In spite of this fear, he started seeing a new woman named Barbara almost immediately.  She was a strawberry blonde photographer who he met at an art show a just week before the breakup.  Not only was she beautiful and intelligent, but she was also a perfect escape clause from his relationship with Stacey.  Even though he ended up sleeping with Barbara on their first date and it could easily have ended up as a one-night stand, she was the kind of woman who came along only a few times in a life, the kind that he could get serious about and even marry.  Unfortunately, a mere two weeks after he broke it off with Stacey, days he deliberately refused to answer the phone when he suspected it might be her, she was hit by a car while crossing the street to get groceries and ended up in the hospital for six weeks with a serious back injury.  Although three witnesses said it was an accident, a forth insisted that she jumped in front of the car on purpose.  For the next three weeks he hid everything from Barbara while struggled with his guilt, often staring at the ceiling long after he had made love to her and she was fast asleep, wondering if it was really right to have dumped Stacey and if she would not have sustained the accident if he had just given her a second chance.  If only he had more staying power and fought harder to reassure her of his devotion things would obviously have turned out differently.  When he finally broke down and told Barbara what had happened, searching for some kind words that would help him find some closure, she immediately flew off the handle and blamed him for Stacey's injury.  Even if it wasn't an attempted suicide, she was clearly distraught because of his unceremonious dumping of her and that was enough to put her in a state of mind where serious accidents were more likely to happen.  And why hadn't he been up front and told her that he was on the rebound when they first met?  Or why had he hid everything from her for so long?  Women had to stick together, she said, to protect themselves from ruthless liars and womanizers like him.  As it was, Barbara broke off all contact with him and even blocked his phone number and e-mail address.  After several attempts to call her at work and a failed plan to intercept her on her way home, he backed off in frustration.  As a last ditch effort to convince her of his innocence, he started working on a novel about the situation that was really just a thinly veiled declaration of his love for Barbara and plea for understanding.  It would be his fourth unpublished novel, but maybe the one that would finally break through, but even more importantly it would help him work through his guilt, immortalized what good times he shared with Stacey, exonerate himself from blame, and renew hope that Barbara might one day speak to him again.  If she read it, he thought, maybe she would see how all along he had believed he was doing the right thing and then forgive him.  Since she had refused to see him face to face, he needed something bigger, something so profound yet at the same time delicate and moving, that would permanently etch the events leading up to Stacey's accident and his meeting with Barbara on the fabric of some higher artistic plane.  She adored literature and the only way he thought he could get back into her good books, so to speak, was to write her a novel about it.  When the time came - and this would be soon as he was in the final stages of revisions - he would bind it in deep brown leather and send a copy to her.  Then he would hope for the best. 
Andrea was sitting alone on a stool in the corner across from the bar when he first noticed her.  The crowds had dissipated from the last round of Red Light Rush and she was smoking a cigarette staring at a point directly in front of her forehead as if to broadcast the fact that she was bored and wanted everyone in the club to know it.  In the dense purple glow of the lights overhead it looked like she had mid-brown hair, although he couldn't really tell for sure.  She was wearing tight fitting black synthetic fabric pants - as was the style - and had a black cotton top with horizontal stripes.  She looked too beautiful to be single, and even then from a distance. Although he had had two one-night stands in the past year in an effort to forget about Barbara - one with a Spanish woman who knew very little English and had a curious way of blinking with these wild Salvador Dali eyes as she spoke, and another with an old friend from Vancouver who had recently become a lesbian - it still seemed like so long since he had approached a woman that he had almost forgotten what to do.  He walked surreptitiously around the bar for a few minutes to make sure she was alone and wasn't just waiting for another man to come to take the seat beside her.  That was one problem with Britain.  Attached women seemed to like to go to clubs with their boyfriends dressed to the nines just to capture the attention of other men and make their boyfriends jealous.  
Just as he was about to venture across the room to talk to her she turned her head and looked straight at him as if she'd been aware of him watching her all along.  There was something poignant about the way she held her cigarette on her mouth that implied an active but clandestine mind - a quality he'd always been attracted to in a woman.  He took her gaze as an invitation and walked over to introduce himself.  Judging from her immediate smile she seemed happy he had made the effort.  Although he had trouble understanding her accent over the music and shouting, they ended up talking for almost an hour and decided to go out some night where they could continue their conversation in more propitious surroundings.  She was a woman, he thought as he walked home in the rain that first night clutching the piece of paper with her telephone number crudely scribbled on it, who knew where she stood in life.  She was elegant, yet simple and well-grounded - quite a relief, he admitted to himself, in a part of the world where everyone seemed to claim intimate connections to someone high up in the music or fashion scene.
After six weeks of late-night meetings in dark seaside cafés and the occasional beer in a quiet little pub - using a small Hungarian-English dictionary to help bridge the language barrier - they slept together for the first time.  It was a slow and deliberate entanglement of hair and limbs that was almost cleansing in its awkward lack of joy or pleasure.  It was good, he thought, that it had taken so long to get close to her.  That way it would have to seem to mean more than just some casual relationship or transitory sexual encounter that came rolling through his life.  He was tired of just tumbling in and out of bed with random women as a reaction to what happened with Barbara and Stacey and was looking for something more meaningful he could pull into his life and take hold of.  
Over the weeks that followed, the language barrier between them slowly dissolved.  He met her sister Júlia - a young London fashion designer who voiced her all out approval of their love affair the first day she met him - and mother a few weeks later when she was visiting from a small town in Hungary.  Those first few months he and Andrea took long walks down the beachfront as they watched the small sail boats wander around under the brilliant blue of the sky.  They exchanged furtive glances, which seemed to hold far more meaning than either of them could put into words.  While he couldn't say at this stage that he knew too much about her, he couldn't deny she was beautiful and there was something about her personality that attracted him.  They made love, often several times in one evening, ambient dance music playing in the background, while digesting some southeast Asian concoction or other he had cooked up especially for her visit.  Although there was still so much to learn about her, she relaxed him in a way that quickly became indispensable to his life.  After all, he was sick of the British and their lack of spontaneity and it was time he really reach out and enjoy himself with somebody.  So the fact that she wasn't English made their relationship all the more special.

Thurston picked up the phone and looked out the window at a dog chasing a blue ball around a tree as he dialed.  Although it was still light outside, it was a weak and vulnerable light that implied the existence of something much stronger, a darkness that was unheard and unseen, but always somehow there.  It had been a week since he last spoke to Andrea and he was already running out of things to do.  All his work and - more importantly - Andrea, were thousands of miles away.  He felt her drifting away from him, transforming into little more than a fading fragment of a memory now completely out of his reach.
When Andrea answered, her voice was tense and he had the uncomfortable sense there was someone else in the room, possibly standing right behind her massaging her back as she held the receiver to her ear.  She said the weather was nice and she wished he could come back sooner.  They exchanged a few pleasantries and then there was a long protracted silence.  Thurston listened carefully for some sign of a third party in the room, but heard nothing.
“John say very jealous of you,” she finally blurted out.  John was his roommate in Brighton, an often depressed alcoholic who stayed awake into the early hours of the morning often perusing his scrapbook about Brighton-Hove Albion and the one year they had finally made it into the first division.  “I think he crazy.  He say I not allowed to come over anymore because he not like me sleep with you.”
“I wouldn't worry,” said Thurston.  
“I not like come over when you get back.  Maybe one or two time.  Not more.  I not want to see him again.”
“But Andrea,” he said.  “He's out most of the time.  What does he matter?  I'll talk to him and make sure it never happens again.”
“No.  No want see.”
“I'll find another apartment,” he said neatly.  It was the easiest solution to the problem and it would subtly let her know that he was the type of man that met difficulties with painless resolve.  “Then you won't have to put up with him.”  
“No.  Not necessary,” she said.
“But how will we see each other?”
There was yet another a silence on the other end.  He knew she would never invite him into her bedroom in the day home.  In fact he had never even seen it.  “It's too small and dirty,” she would always say.  “You will think I bad girl if you come.”  It was an explanation he never questioned but one he was never really satisfied with.  
“We find way,” she said without much conviction.  Something had obviously changed in his absence.  “Listen.  I must go.  When you back?”
“Ten days,” he said.
“I thought longer.  I guess that means I having fun.”
“Sure,” he said.  He felt distinctly deflated as he said goodbye and let the receiver drop.  Why had she not marked the day of his return on her calendar?  Had she forgotten about him so soon?  When he walked to the bathroom a great fear came over him.  He had to get back to Brighton as soon as he could.  Maybe, he thought, although he admitted it was a drastic measure, he should just get it over with and marry her before someone else did.  She had all the right qualities to be his wife and it had been years since he had been in a serious relationship with anyone.  The fact that he knew he had to move back to America in a few months complicated things further.  Although he already had a firm job offer at Wayne State University in the Detroit area after a successful interview six weeks earlier, he wasn't sure he really wanted to move there.  But what choice did he have with his contract expiring?  And if he did end up moving, he could just leave and let her drift away into the past.  That's what he would have done a few years earlier.  That was the easiest solution.  That's what a reasonable person would do.  But he was tired of being reasonable and even more tired of being alone.  It took two years in England of solitary drinking in pubs and nightclubs to meet her, so why should he just let her go?  Just because they hardly knew one another?  Certainly, if the situation would allow him to stay in England longer to give him some time make sure he loved her it would make things easier.  But the university had not yet gotten back to him on the possibility of an extension and he didn't want to turn down the job in Detroit on the vague hope that the dean might come up with an eleventh-hour offer to keep him there for longer.  Why marry a woman you hardly know? he thought as he washed his face and looked in the mirror.  But was that really the case?  Didn't he already know that he loved her?  Why else would he be sitting in a bathroom six thousand miles away wondering if he should marry her?  Strong people took risks and tied the knot while weak people drifted from one shallow non-committal relationship to the next.  His other option was to just leave England without making a commitment and wait for things to develop.  But if he did that the chances were good that she would forget about him.  He had only been away for a few weeks and it seemed she was already forgetting.  He reached for a towel and dried his face.  By the time he put it back on the rack he already knew what he had to do to hold on to her.  

The next day he went to the nearest flower shop.  He had to do something quick and decisive to sweep away any negative feelings that might have grown between them since his first phone call.  It was a small place with hammered brass flowerpots and big floppy magnolias standing in the window.  The air inside was humid but cool and smelled of fresh soil, something Thurston found agreeable.  An older woman with an English accent came up to the front desk.  He asked for a catalogue of floral arrangements.  As he stood over the counter browsing through the catalogue of bouquets - there were several styles available, most of which were too formal and showy for a girl in her mid twenties – he carefully deliberated which one to send her.  After some thought, he decided on seasonal fresh cut flowers, leaving the exact selection to the discretion of the florist.
“What should the message say,” asked the woman.  
Thurston thought for a minute.  See you soon?  No.  It was too dull.  He needed something stronger.  Something big that would show him that he was serious about her and his feet were firmly planted in her life.  The last time he saw her they embraced by the stone fence outside the day home.  It was two in the morning and he kissed her and promised to call.  “Everything is just good fun to you,” she had said as the waves crashed against the nearby rocks.  “Just good fun.”  He didn't understand what she had meant.  But maybe now he did.  Perhaps he was just being an asshole - just like he had been to Stacey and Barbara - and what she really wanted from him was a proposal.  Maybe she just saw him as some kind of low-end Casanova sniffing around for a cheap fling before taking off for greener pastures.  That was why she said she wasn't going to come over anymore.  It had nothing to do with John.  That was just a convenient excuse.  She wanted to see if he was serious enough to move out into a new apartment and reestablish what they had shared back in June.
He looked at the woman and then let his head drop.  “I love you and I want to marry you,” he mumbled.  “That's what it should say.”  He looked up again, becoming suddenly more courageous.  Her eyes were big and wide and she was smiling with a grandmotherly sense of satisfaction.
“My,” said the woman.  “Tell me what she says.  I certainly hope it's a yes.”  
“Sometimes you just get that feeling,” he said, realizing in mid sentence that he didn't exactly know what that feeling was or what he had really meant to say in the first place.
“Don't I know,” she said wisely as she nodded her head in approval.
He paid and walked out onto the street.  The air was clear and he could feel a light breeze blowing through the sleeves of his shirt.  He loved her and wanted to marry her.  There was no other way it could be.  He needed her and she was special.  She was his girl and it was nothing short of shoddy that he had not proposed earlier.  If she said yes, which he felt she most certainly would, they could decide together on whether or not they should move to America or stay in England.  He wasn't going to lose her for just some job at a rinky-dink university somewhere in the Midwest.  Not a chance.
The next day he woke up and the thought immediately occurred to him that it may have been a mistake to propose to her in such a dramatic way.  An old girl friend once told him that women didn't like it when men got too romantic and hid their true personalities behind grandiose gestures of love.  But was this a grandiose gesture of love or more simply, an expression of how he wanted things to go with her?
“No,” his father said.  He had just come back from France with his new wife Claire.  He had a big cigar in his mouth and didn't seem to notice the ashes were about to fall on his white cowboy boots.  “Claire loves that sort of thing.  We exchanged love letters and flowers for almost five months after we met on that boat across the channel.  Maybe your mother is just a prude.  I know that as a fact but I try not to keep it a secret.  After all, she is your mother.  But, no.  European women love romance.  Let me tell you.  If there's anyone that knows it's me.”  He pointed to his chest to assert his superiority on the subject.  “Just be ready to take care of her.  If she says yes there's no backing down.”
The next day he hovered over the phone all afternoon waiting for it to ring.  The flowers must have got there by now, he thought.  After three cups of coffee he broke down and called her.  He knew it was poor form to call someone to see if they got your gift but maybe she was desisting because she wasn't allowed to make long distance calls from the day home.  It rang ten times.  She was out.  After he hung up he walked away from the phone slowly, wondering if she was wandering the streets with Abdul that very instant.  He took a half-hour walk through a nearby park, checking his watch every five or ten minutes, and then came back to call her again.  It was ten in the evening in England by his calculation.  She answered the phone.
“Hi,” he said.  “Just called to tell you I'll be back in a few days.”  He had to wait for her to mention the flowers or she might think he was being pushy.
“I got your flowers, Thurston,” she said neutrally as if they hadn't made the slightest impression on her.
“Good.”  He tried to maintain a cheery tone in his voice.  “I was wondering if they had arrived yet.”
There was a long cold silence, more like death this time than a womb.  It made him wish he had never called.  He wanted to say that the flowers and the proposal were all a mistake, something that had just come over him for one reason or another that should have no bearing on the future of their relationship.
“I shocked,” she said.  He wanted to let the phone drop from his hands.  
“Shocked?”
“Yes.  I thought we just take it day by day.  If I in America one day maybe we get together.  But marriage?  I shocked.”  There was an element of rebuke in her voice as if he had clearly done something wrong.
“I just thought it was the thing to do.  It looks like I might have to go to America and I wanted to be with you.”
“Look.  We talk when you get here.  When you come?”  There was a trace of hope in her voice.  Perhaps she was just being cautious and only wanted to talk it over and think about it for a while.  After all, it was a giant step in her life and she had always made sure the relationship progressed at a slow, but steady rate.
“Next Thursday.”
“What time?”
“I'll be landing in Gatwick at ten in the morning I guess.”
“I come in afternoon.”
They agreed to meet at five.  This would give him a chance to sleep off some jet lag before he freshened up to meet her.  Once he was there, in front of her in all his flesh she would see things differently.  No doubt in his absence he had become obscured in her mind, distorted and compressed into an image based solely on memories and a few awkward phone calls.  When the conversation was over he stared at the telephone for a few minutes, wishing he had waited to propose to her in person.  That way the confusion would have been avoided.  But maybe she was just playing hard to get and his presence alone would be enough to smooth things over and talk her into accepting.  He laughed out loud as he walked out of the study and into the kitchen where a pot of fresh coffee was sitting on the stove.  If she had accepted his proposal immediately he would have reason to be suspicious, he convinced himself.  It was simply a case of womanly prudence - something he'd had more than enough experience with in the past.


II


Thurston's flight back to England was longer and more arduous than he expected.  First of all, the plane was delayed in Chicago for three hours - a period over which they were stuck on the tarmac while the service team fixed the faulty air conditioning system.  Then, after they finally took off and landed again in New York to pick up more passengers, a young Asian woman carrying several bags of schoolbooks and coloring pencils took the seat beside him.  For the first three hours of the flight back to London she rustled impatiently through the bags - even during dinner, with their trays pulled down in front of them - taking new books out and putting old ones back in.  No matter how much wine he drank he couldn't sleep.  All he could think about was Andrea.  At one point he put a blanket over his waist and touched himself, imagining it was Andrea's hand instead of his own.  The thought of her hands alone was enough to give him hope: the small tapered fingers, the clear-enameled fingernails and the little break in the joint of her left hand index finger - caused once when she was teenager during a fist fight with Júlia.  He couldn't wait to get back and hold her in his arms.  They would meet in the afternoon and all their problems would vanish - problems like John and how he had come between them.  They would go out for a coffee and a small dessert and then they would come back to his room where they would make love all night.  He imagined her lush hips unraveled around him in her tight black synthetic pants while she told him quaint little stories about her life back in Hungary, stories involving Júlia and Kristina - her best friend - and other people he had yet to meet.
They landed at Gatwick at ten and he was back in the Brighton train station by noon.  He had a quick cappuccino at a small kiosk next to a newsstand while he searched for enough change in his pocket to call Andrea.  He set his bags down beside a row of pay phones and dialed her number.  She answered almost immediately.
“Hello, Thurston.  How was flight?” It sounded like she was chewing something.
“Long,” he said.  “I need some sleep.”
“I come over today,” she said.
“This afternoon?”
“No.  Seven.  No eight o'clock.  I come at eight.”
“OK.  That'll give me a chance to get some sleep.”
He said good-bye and hung up.  He felt a great sense of relief.  Her voice had all the warmth and tenderness it had ever had.  Now that he had returned everything would fall back into place and all the doubts that had come between them while he was gone would disappear.  He walked down the exit ramp and out onto the street.  It was so hot outside he doubted if he would be able to sleep.  Just as he was about to hail a cab he changed his mind and decided to take the train back to the university to check his mail.  He bought a ticket from one of the automatic dispensers and took the next train to Falmer.
Only a few minutes after getting to his office there was a knock on his door.
“Come in,” he said.
The dean walked in, sweeping back his mane of silvery hair as he took a seat in a chair by the far wall.  He had a look of disdainful providence as if he were sent down from the heavens to evaluate the overall worth of mankind.
“How was Colorado?” he asked.
“Great,” he answered automatically.
“I've been there...once I think.  Or was that Banff?  Anyway, I've been somewhere around there.  Very nice.”
“Yes,” said Thurston.  He wanted to tell him that Banff was in Canada and nowhere near Colorado, but instead he paused and assumed a more serious look.  He sensed why the dean had come and wanted him to get strait to the point.
“Well,” said the dean more gravely, seeming to have taken the cue, “I have to make some tough decisions.  Finances are short and we have to set our teaching schedule.  I guess I need to know soon...possibly today if you can, whether or not you'll be here this autumn.”
“Is there any way...”
“Unfortunately not.  We'd love to keep you on, but I can't guarantee any job past March.  There's just no money.  The so-called powers that be have made it even tougher on me.  If you don't resign I'll be forced to hand someone else early retirement.  Some senior member of faculty that has been here for years and has nowhere to go.”
Thurston stretched back and pursed his lips.  It was an extension, but a much smaller one than he had hoped for.  Since he had already been offered a permanent job at Wayne State starting in September it was hardly worth the risk to stay in England for another six months and hope for a better position that might be more suitable for Andrea.  But the thought of an elegant Hungarian woman living in a slum like Detroit seemed too unjust to imagine.  Thurston looked him in the eye.  
“I feel you've been treated so poorly...” said the dean.  He looked suddenly more humble.
“Yes, said Thurston,” nodding his head in agreement.  The dean looked mildly surprised as if he had expected Thurston to disagree and swear that the university had actually treated him quite fairly.
“Just put yourself in my position.  I have to hand seven or eight of my colleagues - some very close friends - early retirement.  And you have a job lined up...”
Thurston nodded his head.  “Do you need to know today?”
“Tomorrow is the deadline for course assignments.”
“I’ll think about it and get back to you tomorrow at the latest,” he said.  The dean thanked him for his cooperation and left.  In a strange way Thurston felt relived.  He'd been wallowing in uncertainty for far too long. After checking through his mail he composed a formal resignation letter and put it in the dean's mailbox.  Then he locked his office door and left the building.
He took the train back to Brighton station and caught a bus down Western Road to Hove, a residential suburb of Brighton where he lived.  When he got home he tried to sleep but couldn't.  It was as though he was too tired to sleep.  His legs were sticky with sweat and his hair itched.  The late afternoon sun burned through the curtains and grilled his face.  After lying in bed for half an hour he got up and tried to read a few pages of an entertainment magazine, but he couldn't concentrate for long enough to get through a single paragraph.  So he covered the window with an extra sheet to block out the sun and tried once again to fall asleep.  This time he lost consciousness almost immediately.  He woke up at five in the evening and went down to the local liquor store to buy a bottle of rosé for Andrea.  Whenever they went out she always asked for rosé.  He smiled as he walked away from the cashier, certain she would be touched by the thoughtfulness of his gesture.  On his way back he stepped into a tandoori house and ordered a take away vindaloo with nan bread.  He ate it as he walked back to his flat, stopping for a moment beside a concrete playground to wipe his face with the paper napkin provided in the takeaway box.  When he returned he poured himself a glass of water and sat in his bedroom to drink it.  Before it was finished he had already fallen back asleep.
He woke up to the sound of a stone hitting his window.  He opened the curtains and looked down into the street.  Andrea was standing there in a pair of sunglasses looking up at the window.  He sprang out of bed and ran to the front door to meet her.  She was wearing a red muslin skirt with a white tee shirt and a faded denim jacket.  Her face looked thinner than he remembered.  It was long yet smooth with a well-defined bone structure he had never noticed before.  Her cheeks were rouged and her eyes highlighted with deep purple liner applied with just the right amount of subtlety to bring out the emerald color of her eyes.  They walked upstairs.  
“Well.  It's been...man...”  He shook his head and laughed.  He was so exhausted he could hardly find the words to make a coherent sentence.
“Say something,” she demanded.  He was startled by her sudden impatience.
“What are we going to do tonight?” he asked.
“I must go half hour,” she said.  “You very tired and not much fun.  I go baby-sit and then we go out tomorrow.”
Thurston took her by the hand into his bedroom.  They stretched out on his bed.  He put his hand on the lower end of her back and moved his fingers in a circular motion around her spine.
“Szeretek veled szeretkezni,” she said with bright detailed eyes.  She had whispered this into his ear the first time they made love.  He pushed his hands under her skirt.  She put up no resistance.  
“I missed you,” he said in an attempt to reestablish the intimacy of the last night they were together before he left.
“I'm not so sure,” she said bluntly.  “I'm sure you have many girls back America.”
Thurston twisted his face in disbelief.  “How could you say that?  I just proposed to you.”
“So?  Many men get married and still have other girl.  And you handsome man.”
“Andrea,” he pleaded.  He crawled on top of her and started to pull down her skirt.  “Let me show you that you're the only one.”
“No,” she said.  She pushed him away.  “You too tired and I must go soon.  No like quick fuck,” she said, emphasizing fuck as if she was accusing him for wanting some tawdry screw and not something more loving and intimate to celebrate his proposal and subsequent return.
“You know that's not what I want.”
“Oh,” she said.  “How can I ever know with you?”
Thurston buried his head for a moment in a pillow.  He wondered what he had done to deserve such suspicion.  They sat in silence before Andrea turned to him with a more serious look on her face.  She suddenly looked ten years older with a white furrowed forehead and hard, tired eyes.
“Your flowers shocked me,” she said as if she was accusing him of committing some recklessly insensitive act.
“I'm sorry.  I should have discussed it with you before.”
“You can't just say let's get married and run off together.  I want marry only once.  I want make sure it's right man.  No want get married and then get divorced a year later.”
“Who says that's what I wanted?”
“You just send flowers like that.”  She snapped her fingers like she was calling over a waiter.  “Marry me.  Just like ordering a drink.”
“Look, I'm really sorry.  I love you.  Over the summer it's just gotten stronger and stronger for me.  And it looks like I'll have to go back to America.”
“When?”
“Six weeks to two months.  If I don't go, they'll probably give the job to someone else and then I'd be really fucked.  I could stay on at Sussex until March, but after that?”
“I don't know if I ready get married.  I only twenty-five.  I think thirty is for marry and forty is for children and fifty is for family.”
Thurston closed his eyes for a moment, letting her words echo through his head.  There was something so shallow and protracted about her view of life that was as much attractive to him as it was a grim marker of some element in her personality he hadn't yet seen or detected, something simple, almost cheap in its lack of depth or passion.  Of course, he liked her stable view of the future, her strong family commitments and the fact that she said she would only marry once.  These were obvious virtues.  But on the other hand, the notion that at thirty she would just turn around and marry whichever guy was floating through her life was almost repellent.  Perhaps romance and love were things that didn't come into play in her view of married life.  Marriage to her was a path you followed, a road you would never veer away from, but something that was more of a paper contract than an emotional odyssey or interpersonal exploration.
“I just thought we would be really good together.  We could clear out of England.  I could help you set up the beauty shop you always talk about.”
“No Thurston.  You help me too much.  You always buy dinner.  You always buy wine.  I want independent.”
“I know,” he said.  “But you have to start somehow.”
“There other things,” she said.  “My mother.  She very sick.  I may have to go back Hungary.  She have thing in body.  What you call?”  The image of a tumor being cut from a human body entered his mind.  “Cancer maybe,” she continued.  “Maybe not.  She might have to have operation.  If she does then I go back.  Never come back England.  I must take care of father.  Júlia marry Jason...and no tell anyone this.  It secret.  So she always stay England.  But if she sick I must go.  Hopefully only few days.  But if serious for long time.  Cannot come back.  My mother very nice person.  Very sympatic.”
“That's awful,” he said.  “You have to go back and see her.”  He put his hand on her shoulder and pulled her towards him.  “Is she in the hospital yet?”
“Not yet.  In Hungary hospital take many week get in.  Long list.  Very bad.”
“If you need me to do anything,” he said as he stood up and pulled her head into his stomach, “I'll always be there for you.”
“I know that Thurston.”  She looked at her watch.  “I must go.  Already late.”
“Can I walk you home?”
“No.  I go alone,” she said, sounding almost stupid, like a parody of a pushy European woman on an American game show or sit com.  Thurston just stood there looking at her.  Was there, in fact, another man?  Why was she afraid of being seen with him?  She always used to let him walk her home.  But maybe he was just being selfish.  She had always been a private person and it was completely understandable that she might want to be alone given the circumstances and her closeness to her family.
“Tomorrow,” she said.  She stood up and walked to the door.  He wrapped his arms around her and squeezed her, lifting her a few inches off the ground.  She laughed.  “You my big bear,” she said affectionately.  As he pulled her even closer he wondered for a moment if she was just trying to cover up any doubts she might have created by refusing his offer to walk her home.  He released her and she walked down the stairs.  He watched her as she turned on the first landing and then descended to the front door.
That night he went out to a local pub that was decorated with green velvet chairs and pictures of cricket teams on the wall, hoping he could drink enough beer to keep him up until midnight.  If he fell asleep too early he would wake up too early - something he always hated with jet lag.  He would much rather stay up now and sleep until a normal hour than be wide-awake at four in the morning and then tired again by dinner time.
The next day he woke up at ten.  He waited for almost an hour for Andrea to call - hovering impatiently over the phone with cup after cup of instant coffee in his hand - before he finally gave up and turned on the answering machine so he could go into work.  He caught the first bus into Brighton Station and took the train to Falmer.  It felt good to be back into his day-to-day life after almost a month of languishing in Colorado at his parents' house.  When he got into the university he checked his e-mail and then went down to his lab to reacquaint himself with whatever experiments he was doing, had done, or had planned to do.  It was always hard coming back from a long trip away.  He never quite remembered where he had left off in a given research project.
When he got home later that evening his temporary room mate Kristina was in the living room watching television.  She was one of Andrea's friends who had followed her and Júlia to England in hopes she could find a job so she could stay in England for longer.  The lights were off and the room was filled with a bluish gray glow.  She had a look on her face like she'd be perfectly happy to sit there by herself all night.  But when she saw him her face lit up.  It was as if a completely new person was facing him.
“You're back.  It's so good to have you.”  She stood up and hugged him, pushing up onto her toes to reach around his neck.  Her black hair was shorter than he remembered and she had a lightly burnished complexion.
“Nice to see you, too.”
“How was America?”
“Nice,” he said.  He didn't want to elaborate.  “Any messages?” he asked.
“No,” she said.  “But there is letter for you.  It's on the counter.”
He went into the kitchen.  There was a small red envelope that looked like it had a card in it.  Thurston was written on the front in wide jittery characters.  Andrea must have dropped it off in person.  He looked over his shoulder to make sure Kristina wasn't watching and then he started to open the envelope.  He felt uneasy as he pulled out the card.  It had a picture of a mountain landscape on it - something by some mid-nineteenth century painter he guessed.  He opened the card and read the few words that were written: 
Thank you for a very nice time.  I am not the right girl for you.  Andrea.
He set the card down and looked out the window at the apartment block next door.  He heard some shouting in the distance that suggested some local teenagers were playing football down the street.  The voices calmed him, filling up the great void her words had just opened up inside him.  There was no need to panic.  Perhaps it was just some momentary reaction to her mother's poor health, his prolonged absence, and his sudden proposal.  It was a very confusing time for her and she needed to be alone.  After all, she said she was not the right girl for him and not that he wasn't the right guy for her.  This suggested that he may indeed be the right guy for her, but in her insecurity and absurd belief that she was somehow beneath him she wanted him to fight harder to prove that she really meant something to him.  He knew she was the right girl for him and all he needed to do was convince her of that.
He went back into the living room.  Kristina was still sitting alone watching TV.  He sat down uneasily.  He sensed that she knew that Andrea had broken it off with him.  If he said anything about it, she might feel uncomfortable, but if he didn't, it might be taken as a deliberate attempt to cover it up and pretend he didn't care.  He sat down and flipped through a newspaper on the coffee table.
After a few minutes of silence Kristina got up to go to the bathroom.  He walked over to the phone and dialed Andrea's number - 270 811.  Valerie answered.  
“Andrea's out,” she said coldly without any invitation in the tone of her voice for further conversation.
“Tell her Thurston called,” he said.  He wondered where Andrea might be, as she was normally home at dinnertime.  He went to his room and read until he fell asleep.
Two hours later he woke up and called again.  In half an hour they had planned to go out.  Why hadn't she called?  Perhaps she got caught up with Júlia talking about their mother.  Or maybe she was just avoiding him.  The thought both angered and frightened him.  He dialed her number.  This time a male voice answered.  
“Hello,” it said.
He heard laughter in the background.  It occurred to him that it was Abdul and Andrea was in his bed that very instant.  
“Is Andrea home?”
“She's not around.  Haven't seen her all day.”
“I'll call back,” he said.
As the evening slipped away and the late August heat gave way to cooler air and a rare and muffled breed of darkness he had perhaps only known in his dreams, he sat by the phone looking out the window hoping to hear a ring.  Every hour or so he lost his patience and picked up the phone to call her.  Perhaps she hadn't received his message and she was angry with him for not calling sooner.  No luck.  She was out.  No one knew where she was.  No one knew when she was coming back.  At twelve thirty he decided to call her one last time.  The thought occurred to him that it was wrong to call that late, but he knew he could never sleep without hearing her soft voice telling him that what had just happened was a moment of madness and nothing more.  
Valerie answered.  Her voice was quiet but angry.  He imagined her glaring at him in a long nightgown that fell all the way to her ankles.  “Hello,” he said.  “I know this must be late...”
“You've called at least six times this evening,” she hollered.  “If she wanted to talk to you she would have called you.  What the hell is the matter with you?  Why do you think I'd want to be involved with any of your sordid affairs with her?  I'm trying to run a day home here and you're waking up the whole house, disturbing everyone.”
He imagined Andrea standing next to Valerie laughing as she waited to see how he would respond to Valerie's invective.  “I'm sorry.  It's very important.  Is there a way you can check to see if she's at least home?”
“No.  And furthermore, don't bother calling back.  If she needs to talk to you she'll call.”
Thurston let the phone drop.  A great darkness both engulfed him and grew out of him.  He felt he was tumbling through a vast featureless space.  Although it was clearly out of place for him to call so late, even considering the circumstances, her anger seemed way out of proportion.  After all, Andrea had said she would call the day before and in all the time he knew here she had never once failed to call him back when she said she would.  He had every reason to think that something bad - something like an accident or sudden sickness - had befallen her.  So, in reality, he was only being considerate in calling.  But, maybe something far deeper and more insidious was going on.  As he walked into his bedroom the thought entered his mind that Valerie wanted Andrea to marry Abdul and was just relishing the opportunity to drive Thurston away.
That night he barely slept at all, descending instead through concentric realms of vague and humiliating dreams, poking up only occasionally into semi-consciousness to face the truth, the concrete fact that she was gone and may never be his again.  She had vanished from his life when he needed her the most and was now just a ghostly figure hiding behind layers of answering machines and hostile opponents determined to destroy their frail new love.  
At five in the morning he put on some old unwashed clothes that he found on the floor and ventured outside.  He wandered through the streets in search of an open convenience store as the sun showed its first pinkish dimples on the edges of the long gray and flattened clouds assembled on the horizon.  He had to buy a card for her.  After almost an hour he found a newsagents that had just opened.  He had just enough spare change to cover the cost of a chocolate bar, a pen, and a cheap card.  He crossed the street to a churchyard and sat down on a heavy stone bench.  As the sun came into full view and the morning traffic thickened, he composed a letter expressing his confusion and disappointment over what had happened and apologizing for calling too late.  I hope we can work something out.  I know you must be upset, but it would be really nice to see you again, were the last lines.  When he finished sealing the envelope there were already people walking in groups to church.  He walked to the day home on Carlisle Road and dropped it in the mailbox, making sure that he was quiet enough such that Valerie or Abdul - if they were indeed awake - wouldn't hear him and open the curtains to find him walking up the sidewalk.  If he was spotted, they'd almost certainly accuse him of stalking Andrea.  They were those sorts of people, he thought as he receded from the door and backed up to the same stone fence in front of which he had kissed her only four weeks earlier, the types that pretended to be friendly on the surface but when push came to shove turned on you and made you suffer for the fact that their lives were so miserable and empty.  


III


Thurston woke up the next morning at eleven.  His room was already hot and the air smelled strongly of sweat.  He put on a pair of shorts and a tee shirt and went into the living room.  John was still sleeping, sprawled out on the couch with a thin cotton sheet just barely covering his body.  Thurston looked across the room.  The red message light was blinking on the answering machine.  He didn't remember hearing the phone ring, but he was probably asleep and it was always hard to hear the phone from inside his room anyway.  He stepped quietly around the coffee table and rewound the tape.  He pressed the play button.  The first message was for John.  It was a man from Scottish Gas wanting some information on a sale John had made the previous month.  He let the tape run further.  There was a hiss and then a woman's voice came on.  
“Hello,” said the voice.  At first he thought it was Júlia - her voice was slightly more reticent and less open than Andrea's.  “This Andrea.  Please call me Thurston.”
He shut off the tape and dialed immediately.  Andrea answered after the second ring.
“Hello,” she said.
“I just got up,” he said.  “Found your message.  Look.  I'm really sorry about last night.  I was upset about your card.  I really wanted to talk.”
“That OK for me.  I was out babysitting for people next door.  Had to stay over.”
He relaxed.  Her explanation doused any thoughts that she was out with another man or that she was angry with him.
“I was worried about you.”
“Valerie very sad person,” seeming to know what he was getting at.  “She had bad marriage.  If anyone else called that late she would have been just as angry.  Even Júlia.”  
“I'm really sorry,” he repeated.  “Can me meet some time?”
“Yes.  I think not good for both of us if we like this.”
Her words seemed to hold a vague promise of some kind of favorable resolution.
“I agree,” he said.  “I don't like what's just happened.”
“I busy tonight with Júlia, but can go tomorrow.  Tomorrow at eight...no...usual time, eight thirty.  Orsino.”  Orsino was an overpriced restaurant-bar with mirrors on the wall and glass tables where balding men in suits could be seen trying their luck with women half their age.  Although he never felt comfortable there, he could hardly complain.  It was a miraculous turnaround that she had asked him out in the first place.  Women never went out on Saturday nights with men they weren't dating.  If she had started to see someone else in his absence she would have slotted him in at a different time, perhaps a Sunday afternoon for coffee.
That afternoon he fell into a long and deep sleep that continued through the evening and deep into the night.  His body felt heavy and warm.  Whenever he awoke he thought of Andrea and how things had taken a turn for the better before his body would overwhelm him with an almost narcotic sense of exhaustion and tow him back into the same deep and satisfying sleep.  
The next day he woke up at ten and left the house by noon.  He felt well rested and filled with a sense of levity.  It was a perfect opportunity to go into work and start some new experiments.  Maybe he would even e-mail some of his friends back in America to tell them he was back in the UK and his flight had gone well.  As it was, his day at work took longer than he had planned and he ended up staying at the university until six, deciding that he would instead meet up with Andrea by going directly from work rather than first going home to freshen up.  He was dressed well enough - in black jeans and a brown corduroy jacket that she had several times commented on - to go out without a change of clothes.  
He took the train back to Brighton and got to Orsino at eight thirty sharp.  It was filled to capacity and there was already a line up for tables.  He stood outside at the street corner avoiding the cue.  As the minutes passed, he waited patiently, looking down Western Road in the direction of her house on Carlisle Road, hoping to see her figure materialize at the boundaries of his vision delineated by a small church across the street from a park several blocks away.  Several times he saw a woman walking towards him from several hundred meters away he was sure was Andrea, but each time it turned out to be another woman who bore no resemblance to her at all.  It was strange, he thought.  A lot of women looked like Andrea from a distance.  Many had the same length and color of hair and in the glare of the setting sun he had a hard time discerning exactly what they were wearing until they had come much closer, maybe half a block away.  
Fifteen minutes later she still hadn't come.  He started to pace back and forth.  He called her at home from a phone booth half a block away, but the line was busy.  He called her a second time.  It was still busy.  In desperation he walked up and down the block hoping to see her approaching from some side street or show up in some car - perhaps Jason's green Mercedes - with some excuse for not showing up on time that would make him hate himself for being so doubtful and suspicious.  He called her three, four, then five times.  The phone was always busy.  He wondered if she was either seriously ill and the busy phone line was due to a rush of constant incoming calls from medics and deeply concerned relatives.  But then he thought, as more of an inevitable possibility than a potential truth, she may have just stood him up and was lying naked on her bed with a new man on top of her who had taken the phone off the hook to make sure their mid-evening romp would go uninterrupted.  Yet she didn't seem to be the type that would stand someone up.  She had a natural kindness that everyone who knew her always commented on.  But there was always a first time.  Maybe she had fallen under the influence of this new phantom lover and he had appeared at her doorstep just as she was going to Orsino determined to spend the evening with her while also demanding that she sever all links with Thurston no matter how cruel she had to be to accomplish this.  
He tried calling one last time.  It was still busy.  So he set the phone down and decided he had to go see her.  No matter how much he disliked the idea of facing Valerie and Abdul - especially since they possibly held the key to the whole scenario and knew things he didn't about the changes in Andrea's personal life - he had to go to see her.  If she really was sick then he would look noble and courageous for risking humiliation to come and see her.  If she had stood him up then she owed him an explanation, and on the chance that there was some other reason, he had the excuse that the phone was busy to account for his unannounced visit, which given the circumstances could come across as a violation of premises.  In all the time he knew her Andrea had never let him into the house.  This supported his view that Valerie was clearly against him, no matter what Andrea said to the contrary.
He walked the seven blocks - lined with tall Victorian brick houses with oddly shaped attic windows and large billowing gardens - to Carlisle Road, hoping he would run into Andrea somewhere on the street and prevent a potentially negative encounter with Valerie.  If there was any way he could, he wanted to avoid the impression that he was pestering or even stalking her by dropping in without an invitation.  When he got to the house he stood in front of the stone fence for a long uncomfortable moment before walking up the sidewalk and knocking on the door.  He heard some rustling inside and the door opened.  It was Abdul's brother Karoom, a quiet gaunt man whom everyone in Andrea's circle suspected was a heroin addict.  Although they had met once at a party, he looked at Thurston without any sign of recognition.  His eyes were wet and dark and his hair was messy.  He rubbed his eyes and yawned.
“I'm looking for Andrea,” Thurston said, trying his best to maintain an expression on his face that said there was nothing wrong and that he had just dropped in for a friendly visit, having passed her house only by chance.
“I haven't seen her in days,” Karoom said lethargically. 
“OK,” he said.  “I'll just call her later.”  Karoom nodded his head as if to say good-bye and shut the door.
Thurston walked slowly towards the road.  His hands had started shaking.  If he hadn't seen her for days where was she?  Was she with another man?  Perhaps the baby-sitting thing was just a story, made up to hide the truth so she could gradually bring him down rather than throw everything at him all at once.  In desperation, he jogged down Carlisle Road until he got to a cluster of small shops on Portland Road where he slowed to a brisk walk as he passed a row of short hedges, pimpled with small red flower buds that protruded outwards from small nests of rich green leaves.
When he got home there was a message on the machine.  He rewound the tape and listened through the hiss until a voice came on.  It was Andrea.
“Thurston I cannot meet tonight but I can see you tomorrow morning.  Call me at eleven.  I will be home.”
He let the receiver drop and walked directly to the kitchen and poured himself a glass of rosé.  He cursed himself for thinking she might have stood him up.  How insecure, suspicious, jealous, and even callous of him.  He should have given her the benefit of the doubt, especially since her mother was so sick.  Perhaps that very second she was visiting with Júlia talking about what to do about their mother.
The next morning he called her at eleven.  Valerie answered.
“Hello,” she said apprehensively.  He thought of apologizing for the night he called late but there was something petty and suspicious in her voice that just made him angry.  
“Yes, is Andrea there?” he said.
“It's very early,” she said.  How dare you call, he sensed she was thinking.  “I'm not even sure she's awake.  Her door is closed.”
“She asked me to call her this morning at eleven.”
“Really,” she said with doubt as if she couldn't imagine that Andrea would ever want to talk to him in a hundred years and he had made up the story to justify calling so early.
“Yes.  She left a message on my machine.”
“Well.  If that's really the case...”  He heard the phone drop.  A moment later she picked it up again.  “I knocked and she's not answering.”
“Have her call me,” he said.  Then he said good-bye and hung up.
A minute later the phone rang.  He picked up the receiver.  It was Andrea.
“I'm sorry,” she said.  “I have to baby-sit neighbors and I stay there.”
“So, can we meet?”
“Yes,” she said.  “Tonight Orsino.  For sure.  I be there eight o'clock for sure.”
“OK,” he said with control.  He didn't want to let out how much of a roller coaster ride the last two days had been for him.  “I'll be there.”
That night he got to Orsino five minutes early, enough time to have half a drink and settle down.  He took a table in the back room beside a large white urn filled with flowers and wandering vines.  She showed up fifteen minutes later in a light blue summer dress.  It was one he had never seen her wear.
“I was in other section ten minutes,” she said.  She looked fresh and innocent, almost fragile.  Her legs, exposed to halfway up her thigh, were translucent - almost blue - and her hair fell lightly over her cheeks.  She had a happy sense of buoyancy to her that he hadn't expected given the situation.  If it weren't for the small crow's feet stemming from the corners of her eyes she could have passed for eighteen.
“You look nice,” he said.
“Thank you,” she said.  “You too.”  She assumed a more serious and compassionless expression.  “Now Thurston,” she said in a commanding tone which belied her girlish appearance.  She looked down at the table and moving her hand back and forth in a rapid slicing motion.  “You and I no more.”  She shook her head.
Thurston hid his feelings and nodded his head with understanding. 
“I'm sorry to hear that,” he said.  “I really thought we were good together.”
“I feel guilty,” she said.  “I be so bad to you.”
“Guilty?”  He raised his eyebrow.  Perhaps he could probe beneath the surface and get a reason for her change of heart.
“Yes.  You so good to me.  I do this to any man feeling the way I do.”
“Was it because I proposed to you?”
“No.  You always think things your fault.  You too sensitive.  I do this to any man.  Any man,” she repeated, sweeping her hand across the table in a gesture of rejection.  “Only my sister.  Only my sister.  No man.  I want see no man.  I feel like I go crazy.  I never been in situation like this.  I think I want leave Carlisle Road.  Not my cup of tea.  But I don't know where I go next.”
“When are you going to Hungary?”
“Tomorrow, I think.  Tomorrow I take bus.”  She lit a cigarette and repositioned herself in her chair, crossing her legs and leaning across the table and closer to him.  A sad look fell over her face.  “My favorite time when we first met and you still lived in London Road flat.  Very nice.  Should never have moved in with John.”
“I liked what you said about the milkman.”
“Milkman?  What milkman?”
“Remember the bruises on your thigh?”  The first time they made love she woke up the next morning in his bed with deep blue discolorations on the insides of her leg between her knees and hips.  He asked her if it was his fault, although he had not been in any way rough with her the night before.  “No,” she had said.  “Milkman leave bruises.  Who else?”
“Oh yes,” she said, suddenly changing her expression and simmering with laughter as if the whole break up was as easy for her as canceling a subscription to a local newspaper.  “My skin very sensitive.”
“Will we see each other again?  I'm probably leaving for good in about six weeks.”
“Six weeks?  Maybe.  Maybe not,” she said.  Anger shot up inside him.  The least she could do was to spend some time with him before he left.
“I'm sorry for the phone calls,” he said.
“Not too many.  I like letter, too.  Letter nice.”  She took a deep inhalation from her cigarette.  “But no more us,” she said after she exhaled.
“Is this just something related to your mother?  I mean what if she gets better?”
“Later,” she said.  “Maybe later.  I never be so confused before.  I not know what to do.  In Hungary everything always taken care of for you.  Now everything...there so many possibilities.  I so confused.”
“Is there anyway...”
“Look,” she interrupted him.  “I have to go.    pick me up and drive me my sister house.  He be here soon.  Júlia always so busy.  I sorry but I have to see her.  She only one who understand.”
A silver Jaguar pulled up outside and a slim Arabic man with a thin, rat-like face stepped out.  Thurston was surprised at how slick and business-like Abdul looked for a man who apparently had no job and slept in until noon.  Thurston could hardly believe he was the brother of the strange, almost narcoleptic young man that had answered the door the day before.  
“I must go,” she said.  “Maybe I see you again,” she said.  She picked up her purse and skipped to the door.
Thurston sat for five minutes in a state of utter astonishment and disbelief.  Maybe she was seeing Abdul after all.  But if she was, why would she have him pick her up in his presence?  Women were always careful to keep their lovers apart, he reminded himself.  It was a clinical way they had of dealing with men.  It started quite innocently when women established their domain of influence through strategically placed smiles and long furtive glances, but by the time everything had been coaxed along to its final conclusion, you ended up with situations like this.  
A waiter walked up to his table.
“Would you and the lady like dinner?” he asked. 
“No thanks,” he said.  
The waiter looked suddenly uncomfortable as if he knew what had just happened.  A customer met a beautiful woman for dinner and she walked out on him twenty minutes later.  It must be common in such a place.  The waiter turned away and walked into the kitchen.  Thurston paid for his drink at the front and walked home.  What had he done to drive her away?  If it really was her sick mother, shouldn't she be turning to him for love and support rather than pushing him away?  At least it wasn't another man, or that's what she had said at any rate.  
As he walked home through the rain, he wondered what was really going on in her life and if there was any way she would ever come back.  By the time he returned to his apartment and had his keys in hand to open up the door he convinced himself that it was nothing more than a passing neurosis or crisis that would vanish as quickly as it came.  But by the time he was upstairs and taking off his shoes he changed his mind once again and admitted to himself that he had no basis to make any reliable guesses about the situation and that maybe he was wrong all along and he really didn't know her at all.  And as he walked to the refrigerator to drain the last drops from the bottle of rosé he came to the sudden understanding that he never would.  That was the nature of love, he thought.  To never know.


IV


The next week passed slowly, the days blending into one another like stills from a slow motion film.  The only difference between one day and the next seemed to be that each new morning always started with the realization that there was that much more time between Thurston and Andrea than there was the day before.  He would get out of bed.  He would go into work.  He would attempt, but always unsuccessfully as there always seemed to be some unseen barrier in the way, to schedule an appointment with the dean in the distant hope that he could convince the department to reverse its decision so he could stay in England until March, thus granting him a greater window of opportunity for Andrea to change her mind and come back to him.  Then, at the end of the day, he would go home and check the answering machine, hoping to find a message from her.  But there was never one waiting.  Exhausted and demoralized, he would sit in the living room under the dark green glow of the kitchen lamp until Kristina came home, after which he would always relocate to his bedroom to avoid any conversation with her that might eventually wend its way into a discussion about Andrea and, more specifically, why she didn't want to see him any more.  Although at the very deepest level he knew that she must still love him – a feeling she might only become aware of if she could somehow come to stand outside her life before the absolute presence of God or some virtually unreachable form of abstract darkness - and might one day come back to him, the inevitable fact remained that she was not with him and some insidious force had somehow bent her towards the belief or realization that she either didn't need him at all or was now in love with somebody else.  If he let things spiral out of control even more than he already had by going away for so long and then proposing to her out of some desperate attempt to cover up the distance he had forced between them, then her change of heart might somehow become irreversible and she would then go on, perhaps until the day she died, thinking that she either loved someone else or preferred to be alone.  
So, he concluded in a single sweeping thought as he sat in his bed staring at the ceiling five days after their meeting at Orsino, he would rather not hear anything from her than hear something that would convince him that she was never coming back, which would only make him feel even worse or make him give up when there was still actually some hope remaining, no matter how small.  It was best to believe that she was in Hungary tending to her sick mother.  It would comfortably explain why she hadn't called while also giving him peace of mind while he sat there waiting for her to call.  But in spite of this new resolution, every night at ten he would go out to a pub in the central lanes, hoping to run into her - or if not, at least drink enough to let his mind wander to other things - and every night he came home drunk, hoping that her loss was just an aberration and that she would soon be his again.  In the morning he would wake up depressed and unable to sleep, his mouth dry from the liquor.  She was gone.  She wasn't coming back.  He would never see her again.  
By the end of the first week he started hoping that he might meet a new woman in a bar that might take him home and rip off his clothes and in so doing help him to forget about her - at least for a night.  It was better to have an affair, he thought one night as he eyed a young woman in red plastic pants who was sitting across the room reading a fashion magazine laid out in full view in front of her seemingly as a lure to entice eligible men into conversation, than to act out of impatience and say or do something to permanently drive Andrea away.  However meaningless a one-night stand ended up being, it might still make him feel good for at least a few hours and help him vent whatever anger might inevitably begin to build up inside him.  Not that he was mad at Andrea.  Not at all.  Her mother was sick and he understood.  First, foremost and above all, he understood.  It was just the possibility of some future emotional event he had no control over transpiring inside him and taking root.  People were never responsible for anger.  Anger happened to people.  Nobody asked for anger.  Nobody could will themselves to be angry at things that otherwise made them happy.  Anger was delivered upon people.  It befell them from outside.  And it was only those who succumbed to it that could be held at fault.
Sometimes while sitting at the pub  - after several drinks alone in the bar observing all the happy drunks coming up to the bar to order yet another round - he would assure himself that it was all a mistake and she would soon come back.  Their relationship was too strong to just throw away.  They were happy together, compatible in a physical, even spatial way that made her an essential part of his corporeal existence.  He liked having her around even when they weren't talking or making love.  She calmed him down.  She relaxed him.  She was the missing piece of the physical manifestation of his soul.  Even though she had never been to university, he didn't want an intellectual for a lover - they would end up arguing and disagreeing about everything.  Neither did he want an extravagant society woman with fancy clothes and connections to wealth and influence.  All he wanted was a woman that made him feel whole, a woman like Andrea.

At the end of the second week he broke down and decided to write her a letter.  He had resisted up to this point because he knew that she might take it as a sign of his weakness and dependence on her.  But what other way of reaching her was there?  He couldn't call her.  Not with where she was and who she was living with.  Maybe if he wrote it properly she would take it not as a sign of weakness but one of strength.  It would also help her understand him more deeply.  If anything it would do this.  Because of the language barrier there was probably a plethora of ways in which she misunderstood him or simply didn't understand him at all.  Many couples who spoke the same language had to be together for years before they even began to understand one another.  A letter was surely the answer.  It would clear up all the confusion that had clearly arisen in his absence.  Then she would come back to him and their relationship would enter a new phase of being, one of greater depth and understanding.  
So, as soon as he could he went down to the convenience store a few blocks away and bought her a card depicting a fully naked woman wrapping herself around an equally naked man.  The drawing was done in heavy lead pencil and the background was a soft cream color.  The figures looked light and diaphanous, drawn in wavering billowy lines - just like Andrea's handwriting - while somehow still solid, as if molded in some form of rarefied earth or electric clay.  It was how he thought of their love.  Something natural, even rustic, filled with the weight and balance of commonality, while at the same time flying to the loftiest heights of sensuality and spiritual bliss.  The card was suggestive without being forceful.  To try to be too romantic at a time when her mother was so sick would be a serious mistake and she might end up accusing him of being selfish and possessive.  It was best that he keep the message simple and express his sadness in losing her while also supporting her through the difficult time with her mother's illness.  
When he got home he opened up the card and flattened it on the table.  Then he took out a blue pen and looked around the room.  After some thought he exhaled and started writing.

Dear Andrea,
I am very shocked at your decision to leave me.  I felt we were very good together and there was so much left to explore.  But I can see that my proposal came at the wrong time and that you must love your mother very much.  All I can do is stand to the side and offer my friendship and support if you need it.  I'll always be here for you, and you know that.  When we first met we agreed that whatever happened we would still be friends and that even if we broke up we would always be on good terms.  So, although I wish we could be together I can see that I moved forward far too quickly and at the worst of times.  Call me if you need me.  

Thurston.

He held up the card and reread it.  The message was warm and caring, free from any egregious romantic outcries or sexual innuendoes, but most of all sincere.  The last thing he wanted was to sound maudlin or melodramatic, as she would certainly think less of him for it.  He slipped it in the envelope and wrote her address in clear blue letters on the front.  He grabbed his coat and walked through the light rain down to the corner store to buy a stamp.  Then he found the nearest mailbox and let the letter slip delicately from his fingertips through the red metal hatch.  On his way back he felt energetic, confident, and most of all relieved.  Mail moved quickly in England, and if she wasn't in Hungary she would get it by the following afternoon at the very latest.
That night he went out to a cocktail lounge on Western Road that was known for its gallery of bronze-framed sketches on the walls and cheerful gay male waiters.  He took a stool and sat alone at the varnished teak bar, drinking white wine while enjoying the overpriced salad he had ordered from the kitchen, which they claimed was staffed solely by chefs trained on the continent.  It was a welcome change of scene from the usual pubs and signaled in his mind a clear move forward in his life to a more positive outlook on the Andrea situation.  
The next morning he woke up to a knock at his bedroom door.  He opened it and John walked in.  He was wearing a pair of long underwear frayed at the ankle with yellow stains running down from the crotch.
“Thurston,” he said.  “You're back.”  He looked around the room as if he thought that Thurston had stolen something from him and was hiding it out in the open in the room.
“Yes?”
“I saw you at Orsino last week with Andrea.”
“Really?”  He said with surprise.  
“You were in the back room.”
“Yeah,” he said, acting suddenly less concerned.  Why let John find out what happened?  If anything it would only give him a reason to interfere more than he already had.  “We were there about a week ago.”
“I saw her get into a car with Abdul.”
“Yes,” said Thurston with more than just a hint of annoyance in his voice.  What business of his was it anyway?  No wonder Andrea didn't like him.
“It just seemed suspicious.”
“Why?” Thurston asked obstinately.
“They were pretty close last winter.  She always used to come by with him.  One night we all played cards and they were sitting next to each other.”  
“I guess they were friends,” he said.  Although he sometimes suspected that there was something between them, he knew this was just a paranoid idea and nothing else.  After all, Andrea had openly admitted with mocking laughter that before Thurston had met her Abdul had tried to seduce her by getting her drunk on Palinka, but she secretly poured the drink down the sink and just watched him get drunk instead.  It wasn't the way you talked about a potential lover.  Besides, if she really was interested in Abdul she wouldn't have started going out with Thurston in the first place.  
“It looked like a lot more was going on than that.”
“I've been seeing her since last April,” said Thurston, shutting the door on any doubts that John was trying to cast.
“Things OK with Andrea?” he asked.
“Never been better,” Thurston said. “Never been better.”  He put on a more solemn look.  “But just one thing...it's a secret and I shouldn't really be telling you.  I'm the only one that knows now.  Me and Júlia.  You see, her mother's sick,” his voice dropped to a whisper.  “That's why Andrea's been away for a while.”
John looked uncomfortable.  Thurston stepped past him and out of his room.  John followed and Thurston closed his door.  “I have to go for a jog now, he said.  See you.”  He walked to the front door and grabbed the handle, waving to John as he turned it and walked out of the apartment.

Later that night, when Thurston was walking back from the liquor store with a flat of Kronenberg under his arm, it occurred to him that the first card was so casual and composed that Andrea might take it as a sign that he was cold and emotionless and really didn't need her that much after all.  He took a deep breath and stopped as he mulled over the consequences of such a misrepresentation of his feelings.  No matter how he looked at it, the outcome seemed bleak.  If he just stood on the sidelines waiting for her to respond to his flimsy offer of support through tough times, she would take him for a detached and uncaring asshole who just spouted out platitudes without ever really following through on any of them.  Yes, he encouraged himself, he had to get in there and show her how much he loved her.  If she really was seeing someone else, he had to fight to prove to her that he was the man that loved her and wanted her the most.  When he got home he took out a pad of writing paper and started to write.

Dear Andrea,
I can't believe that you're not in my arms.  I know your mother is sick, but I still don't understand why you haven't called me.  Maybe there's another man and you have just been afraid to tell me.  

The words another man echoed in his head.  He imagined her walking hand in hand down the beach with Abdul.  How could she?  He turned his head down and continued writing. 

Your very presence fills me with a sense of warmth I have never known.  I can see us together in Budapest walking through the boulevards and parks, crossing the bridges and making love under the light of a glittering moon.  When we used to lie in my room listening to Bjork's version of 'Like Someone in Love' it used to fill my imagination with such romance and hope.  That was our song.  I truly felt like someone in love.  “Lately I've been out gazing at stars...the things I do astound me whenever you're around me...” I used to wait for you here reading Hemingway's Farewell to Arms, about an American soldier and his romance with an Italian nurse, always imagining it was you.  Is there anything I can do to get you back?

Love, Thurston.

He sealed the envelope and posted it immediately, using a stamp he found in one of the kitchen drawers that looked like it had been all but forgotten by whoever had bought it.  Later that night he went out to a bar - an Irish pub with low ceilings and a neighborly dart board - to think about the letter and its potential effects.  Maybe she would find it too unctuous.  But women liked love letters.  And what else could he do?  She had asked him not to call and even if he did Valerie would probably answer the phone and hang up on him.  He thought of going over there in person to beg at her feet.  But after some deliberation he decided against it.  If he did she might feel pursued and it would only make matters worse.
When he got home he found Kristina sitting in the living room drinking a glass of wine.  His first impulse was to ask her if she had heard where Andrea was.  If he could only frame the question in such a way as to make it sound like he was genuinely concerned for her mother - which he really was - without sounding like he was prying for information.
“I'm trying to apply for art school,” she said, laughing to herself as if she didn't really expect to get accepted.
“Here?”
“I would like go America.”
“I guess it's easier there.”
“That's what I would really like to do,” she said.  “But so hard in Hungary.  They let only very few people into film school.”
“It's different in America.  More opportunities.  I was thinking if Andrea came over...”  He stopped in mid-sentence, realizing that he may have crossed some sort of invisible boundary.  Kristina looked at him with dark sympathetic eyes.  He knew she understood what he was thinking.
“Andrea is very young inside,” she said.  “She is not like her age.  I have never seen her so confused before.  She feels threatened by you because you are so smart.”
An image flickered through his head of a time she confronted him after they had just had sex and were getting ready to go out to a nightclub for the first time since they met.  “You up here,” she said holding her hand up in the air.  “I down here.”  Her hand dropped to below her waist.  From that day on it always bothered him that she could think this way about herself and their relationship.  He never judged her for not having a university degree – and why would he after he had seen first hand what kind of idiots ran the University of Sussex – but for some reason she judged him.
“That's ridiculous,” he said to Kristina.  “I like her because she makes me feel good.  I hate it when people start rating you on a scale.  It's so stupid.  I mean she's pretty smart as well.  Her English is quite good for someone who just came over from Hungary and never took a single lesson.  I mean...I couldn't learn Hungarian that quickly.”
“She is very insecure.  Even though she act like boy sometime.”  She paused and then continued in a reassuring tone.  “I think she will decide soon what she wants.”  
Thurston nodded his head sluggishly, feeling the effects of the night's drinking.  “She must be going through a lot,” he said.
“These things just need time,” she said as she turned to leave the room.  It was a signal that she had said enough and had just given him the essential pieces of a puzzle or secret code that he now had the power to crack on his own.  Kristina was one of her best friends and knew what was going on.  If anybody knew what Andrea was feeling it was Kristina or Júlia.  That night he went to bed feeling optimistic.  As he drifted off to sleep he whistled a lullaby that had somehow stuck in his head from some past experience that was no longer clear in his memory.
The next morning he woke up with an empty feeling inside.  The walls and ceiling were a bare white, emphasizing the absence of Andrea in his life.  Where was she?  If he didn't act soon maybe she would find another man - someone less educated than he was who didn't make her feel so insecure.  He chided himself for working at the university in the first place.  Everyone knew academics were just a bunch of pompous snobs with not even the slightest grip on the real world.  All of the comfort offered by Kristina's words the night before seemed distant and even irrelevant.  He got dressed and went to the kitchen.  He had to write her another letter explaining to her that she had no reason to be afraid of disappointing him with her lack of education.  His best friends had always been normal people from average families.  A few of them didn't even finish school.  He rummaged through the kitchen drawers until he found a pad of paper.  Then he started writing.

Dear Andrea, 
I feel I have to clear up a few things between us that we've never really talked about.  Perhaps this absence is a good thing as it brings a lot of things to the surface that we otherwise would never have had the chance to address.  I remember the time we were in my bedroom together and you started talking about how you were so far below me.  I really couldn't believe you could say something like that.  If you really saw me as I was you would realize that it just isn't true.  I have always regarded you as my equal and in fact I am somewhat intimidated by the fact that you are from an exotic place like Budapest.  I don't see myself as anything special.  You're the girl I want.  You're the one I want to bring back with me to America.  You make me feel like no one else and I can't stand being out of your life.  There's so much we can explore together.  So much we can do.  Perhaps you are a simple girl at heart - but if you are, then I'm a simple man and I want a simple life with you.  

Love, Thurston

When he finished he reread it and wondered if it might come off as condescending.  It was always difficult to defend the accusation that you were too good for someone.  You either had to say you weren't really any good at all - assuming a position that could be construed as false modesty - or you had to build up the other person - an approach that could equally be perceived as being insincere.  All he wanted to do was explain to her that he loved her and that the fact that she felt intimidated by him meant she wasn't seeing him as he really was.  What was the point of being smart and having a nice life if it only ended up alienating you from the people you truly cared for?  
As he sat in the kitchen drinking a cup of cold coffee he wondered how the day would unfold.  Would he be happy or depressed when he got home after work?  Would something happen that would make him feel worse than he already did?  Perhaps he would see her with a new man.  Or maybe she would finally call him and release him from his misery.  Andrea had become intimately connected with the most fundamental part of his personality.  That much he knew for certain, and that much he had to convince her.  He took a final gulp of the bitter black fluid and set the cup down on the table.


V


A week later Thurston made arrangements to view a new apartment on Preston Street.  It was a small bachelor suite on the fourth floor of an older building directly across the street from the dilapidated west pier.  He saw it advertised in the window of a local property management office and after a few quick phone calls had already made plans to go over to the flat and meet the owner.  She was a garishly tanned Australian widow with shiny gold pants and long brass earrings dangling half way down to her shoulders.  After inviting him in she offered him a cup of coffee.  He accepted with a quick nod and followed her into the flat.  The plush bachelor-style unit had a small kitchen and fully furnished living room with a wicker laundry basket and a pair of mirrors on the wall.  He agreed to take it on the spot.  As he sat in the living room making the final arrangements a feeling came over him like he was wiping the slate clean and starting all over.  Getting his own apartment was the first step back to respectability.  After all, he had only moved in with John and Kristina because they had a cheap room available and they lived near Andrea's house.  Also, since he had known in advance he would be going back to Colorado for an extended visit with his family, he didn't want to pay rent on his old London Road flat while he was away.  As he thanked the woman and backed towards the door - already jangling the keys confidently in hand - he took one last look around the living room, admiring its tall French mirrors and ocean-side view.  It would certainly help tip the scales in his efforts to entice Andrea into coming back to him.  He turned his head and smiled to an unseen companion.  In its cozy confines they would have the chance to rediscover the intimacy that had been so brutally torn away from them a month ago.  How foolish he had been to move into a cheap room with John just to save a little money and then continue staying there well after things had taken a turn for the worst.  What sort of self respecting woman would date a man who didn't have the strength to take control of his life and leave a bad living situation behind?  The most desirable women always ended up with men that cared enough to maintain an orderly and aesthetically pleasing living space with enough privacy to ensure that they could share those intimate moments upon which any successful relationship was built.  So, it had been nothing short of thoughtless of him to stay with John and Kristina for so long and he had only himself to blame for Andrea's sudden change of heart.
A week later he moved in.  The first thing he did was unpack his bags and set up his portable stereo in the main room beside the white sofa bed.  Then he opened his suitcase and set it down like a floor chest beside the dining table.  The flat was small but comfortable, the full-length wall mirrors giving it a sense of increased space.  As he paced back and forth in the small living room he imagined a man in a blue suit presenting a sheet of plotted data on his personal life in front of a discerning but enthusiastic audience.  The graph showed a series of dots representing the most important turning points in his life after he had made an ass of himself with Stacey and Barbara - each one a step forward to being a decent and caring man.  The last dot represented his moving into the apartment - a sign that he was being a true gentleman by taking Andrea's hatred of John into consideration while also setting up his own living space so they could share a level of privacy the flat in Hove would never allow.  As he stared out on Preston Street with all its crowds of tourists and small restaurants it suddenly occurred to him that it was some external force - and not anything within her - that had acted on her and forced them apart.  Although this notion seemed ominous at first, he quickly became satisfied with it.  It meant that if he fought hard enough he would eventually be victorious and she would one day return.  He opened up a bottle of wine and before he finished the first glass he was asleep on the couch.
The next day he went into work at noon, enjoying a moment or two walking down the seafront on his way to the train station.  The air was moist and warm and the fresh smell of the ocean breezed lightly through the city.  When he got to the university he called Kristina to give her his new number - in case Andrea might want to call him - and then started working on a paper that he had set aside for several months, thinking it was a good idea to take advantage of the free time and finish it before he moved back to America where he would likely be busy until Christmas.  After lunch there was a knock at the door.  He pulled it open and the dean walked in.
“It appears,” he said quickly and without introduction as if he was picking up part of a conversation they had left off only a moment before, “that my decision to let you go was rather unpopular.  There are several members of faculty who felt it was short-sighted of me.”
Thurston assumed a professional air of reserved understanding.  “That's nice to know,” he said.  “Not that your decision was unpopular, but that I...”
“To make matters short,” as I have a meeting very soon, “We would like to give you the chance to reverse your resignation.”
“That's very kind of you.”  He hesitated for a moment before continuing.  “But, what about March?  Will there be any chance of...”
“Well,” the dean paused and rubbed his chin with his thumb.  “We still can't make any guarantees at this stage, but if you work hard and things go well as far as funding for the university, then I can say that we could be in a position by Christmas to extend your appointment.  Now, this is only assuming that things go according to plan.”
Thurston stopped to think.  It was certainly a chance.  If he stayed on longer and worked hard then nobody would want to see him tossed away like a bit of chaff and the department would certainly come through with a more permanent offer - even if they didn't have the money.  It was a big risk, but nonetheless an opportunity to stay long enough to fix things with Andrea.
“I have to go,” said the dean.  “Tell me soon, if you can.”  He turned and left as abruptly as he came.  Thurston leaned back in his chair, not quite sure what to make of his offer.  When the door clicked shut a more cynical feeling came over him.  Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me, he thought.

Over the next week Thurston's life assumed a new, but ultimately desolate routine.  In a matter of days the charm and excitement of the new flat had worn off and if anything, he felt worse than he did before the move.  The wall-length mirrors stood before him in cruel mockery of his conviction only a week earlier that they would somehow be the final touch needed to win Andrea back.  He didn't even have John and Kristina to talk to.  No matter how much they bothered him in the past they were still people he could talk to and even more importantly, people who he had met through Andrea.  Each day he got up at about eleven and went into work hoping for some positive news from the university that might give him a solid guarantee of an extension.  Every now and then one of the older professors would stop him in the hall or come into his office to try and convince him to stay, as if it was a decision that ultimately rested in his hands, yet nobody would come forth with an actual contract he could sign.  How did he know it wasn't just some ploy engineered by some of the faculty elders to get out of teaching for the semester and then save their jobs by laying him off at Christmas instead of them?  On his way home he would always buy a bottle of mineral water to drink on the way from the station and his apartment.  Then, when he got home, he would check his answering machine, looking for that propitious flashing red light indicating that Andrea had left him a message.  As the Sun set he would go for a run along the beach and into Hove.  Perhaps he might accidentally bump into her and they could have a light and pleasant conversation along the waterfront that might bring them together again.  Sometimes he would walk by Carlisle Road but he'd never go as far as the day home as he was afraid that Valerie might see him and conclude that he was stalking Andrea.  She had asked him not to call, so visiting, or even being perceived as trying to visit, was a much greater infraction.  If she wanted to see him she would call.  
As the days wore on he started to feel desperate.  He only had three weeks left in Britain and nothing had been solved.  Where was she?  Why was she treating him like this?  Was her mother really sick?  Was she in Hungary or Brighton?  An empty chasm opened up inside him.  Even in her absence she was there in some strange way, living and breathing in the center of his heart, only emphasizing the fact that she had completely vanished from his life, walking around in some strange or familiar place in the world thinking about some topic he had no idea of and had no way of ever finding out.  

The second Friday after moving into the new apartment he felt an urge to break out of his rut and go out for a night on the town.  Maybe he would get so drunk he would forget about Andrea (although that wasn't what he really wanted), and maybe - anything was possible - he would even meet some new people and end up having a good time.  He went to The Squid and Starfish, a downtown techno bar that was the usual first stop of the evening for people gearing up for a night of clubbing on the beach.  It was also the sort of place you could have a few drinks and be left alone.  Thurston walked up to the bar and took a seat.  A few minutes later a shrunken man holding a pipe and a bag of tobacco sat beside him.  He looked out of place in the ocean of plastic pants and elevator shoes.
He ordered a beer and turned to Thurston.  “You look sad,” he said.
“I am,” he said.  The man seemed sincere enough.
“What's on your mind?  Or,” he said with a wise glimmer in his eye, “which girl are you thinking of, if you don't mind me asking.”
“Not at all,” replied Thurston.  He told the man about Andrea and how she had disappeared when he had proposed to her and how her mother was sick and he didn't know if she was in Hungary or Brighton.
“Family,” he replied.  The strength of the man's conviction was comforting.  “Never underestimate the power of the family.  That happened to me once.  Or, at least something similar.  My wife's mother was ill and my wife disappeared for six weeks without even calling to let me know where she was.  I was devastated and thought she'd never come back.  But she did.  Eventually, she did.  It's a family thing.  You can't interfere.  Try to think what she's going through and however hard it might be don't let yourself think that it has anything to do with you.  That's what I felt.  I took it personally and thought I'd been shut out.  But there's a bond you can't touch and you just have to be patient and go with it.”
The man smiled in such a soothing way that in his drunken anguish Thurston imagined for a moment that he was some kind of guardian angel sent down to protect him from his doubts and fears and set him on the right path again.  He had read stories of people claiming to have met their guardian angel while trying to commit suicide or do some great harm to another person that would have later come back to haunt them.  It was usually when he was waiting for his appointment in a lawyers or dentists office reading some magazine like Watchtower as he scoffed at the accounts with disbelief.
Yes,” said Thurston earnestly.  “You're right.  How selfish of me to think it could ever have had anything to do with me.”
“She'll come back,” said the man.  “I know she will.”  He patted Thurston on the shoulder like an uncle and stood up to go.  Thurston lifted up his head and looked into the mirror on the other side of the bar.  He saw a sullen and worn face looking back at him.  He could barely recognize himself.  Perhaps he'd been carrying this expression around with him for weeks without even knowing about it.  He wiped the sadness off his face and smiled.  She would come back.  The man had said as much.
The next morning he woke up with a hangover.  He went to the bathroom to wash his face.  As soon as he looked in the mirror he remembered the man from the night before.  How could he ever have been so desperate and drunk to think he would ever know anything about his situation with Andrea?  Nobody came from on high and nobody could see through you.  
When he finished in the bathroom he went into the living room and called an old friend from Oxford.  Maybe if he got out of Brighton for a few days he could regain a new sense of balance and by the time he came back Andrea would be ready to run back into his arms.  His friend's name was Peter and they had met seven years earlier while they were both students at Balliol College.  Peter had since dropped out of the sciences and had taken up a second career in forestry and was currently working as the junior dean at Balliol, a position he admitted was like “leaving the fox in charge of the hen house”.  After catching up and talking about this and that for a few minutes Peter asked if he wanted to come up for a visit on Sunday.  Although it was a last minute arrangement, Thurston accepted immediately as it was a perfect opportunity to get out of Brighton for a taste of something different. 
Later that afternoon he summoned up all his courage and went down to the nearest travel agent to book a ticket to Detroit for the twenty first of September, the last day that Wayne State would let him start before offering the job to someone else.  It was clearly time to act.  He had been little more than a weak and pathetic Hamlet since he got back from Colorado, allowing the people and forces in his life push him into a corner of inactivity and isolation.  It didn't look like the University of Sussex was about to come up with anything more than a wispy promise that things might improve if everything went in his favor.  There was no way he'd base his entire future on such vague promise unless perhaps Andrea came out and pledged her heart to him.  In which case he would be always be in a position to reconsider his career plans and take a loss on the price of the ticket.
As soon as he arrived in Oxford he went to meet Peter at The King’s Arms, a local pub they used to frequent six years earlier while working together in a lab just a block further down the road.  
“I don't think I have the energy to start a new relationship,” Peter said as he reached into his pocket for some change to go up to the bar and buy a round of drinks.  He had short brown hair and strange blue eyes that were somehow both friendly and analytical.  He had been involved on and off with a Spanish woman for five years and then went through a string of disappointing relationships, the most recent of which involved a woman who eventually went back to her fiancé.  “I couldn't believe it when she left.  We were so perfect together, or at least it seemed at the time.  I still have hopes that one day she'll come back, but I somehow doubt it.  She'd always associate me with the breakup of her marriage.”
“The politics of love,” Thurston observed.  He paused for a moment, realizing he might have come off sounding more superficial than profound.  “After I was involved with Barbara I kept thinking that somehow some miracle might happen to clear things up.  But then I knew it was impossible.  It seemed like I crossed a line that would permanently prevent anything from ever happening between her and me.  In trying to push Stacey away and protect things with Barbara, I ended up looking deceitful and then getting blamed for an accident that I still don't know whether or not I caused.  Sometimes I get so angry with her for making me feel guilty, yet then I realize how selfish it is for me to feel that way about her – after all I did love her in many ways and she was the one who got jilted and then ended up in the hospital - and then I just get angry with myself.”
“It wasn't your fault.  And nobody knows if it was really intentional.  But it sucks…being in your mid thirties and madly in love with a woman I know I can't have because the situation will always prevent it.  And even if it did happen it would somehow never be right.  The dynamics would always kill it.  Now I just feel like living my life without women.”
Peter got up and went to the bar.  A few minutes later he came back with two pints of bitter.
“I thought everything was going well with Andrea,” Thurston said as though continuing a thought he had left hanging before going to the bar.  “We seemed so perfectly matched.  She was a bit insecure about the fact that I was apparently some really intelligent guy with a fancy life she'd never fit into, but I thought it was something that I could work through with her.”  He stopped for a moment, suddenly realizing he was talking about Andrea in the past tense.  Maybe it was bad luck to do so, a self-fulfilling prophecy that would ultimately prevent her from ever returning.  “I've never been with a woman who made me feel so comfortable,” he said, averting the possible disaster that he tell Peter the truth of Andrea leaving him and then have Peter call him weak for not possessing the strength to move on.  As he looked across the room at an old man drinking Guinness by himself, it seemed a bizarre and twisted irony that anyone could tell a complete stranger in a bar the unadulterated truth about their personal life, but not one of their best friends.  
“It's all about compatibility.  You can go out with a beautiful woman with all the right interests and attributes and never end up loving her.  I think of it like a piece of a puzzle that's missing from you and not a mirror image of yourself.  A lover has to bring something to you that you don't have that makes you feel more complete and whole.”
“Andrea is really good with people,” he said in a way that made him wonder if he was just defending her to make sure Peter didn't take him for a fool for wanting her back.  “She's very likable and is always reminding me to treat people well.  Not that I don't, but I like the fact that she's so amiable and conscientious when it comes to others.  I've never been a real people person, I guess,” he said with self-irony as he had a reputation with his Oxford lab colleagues of being a wild drunk and lady’s man.
“That's for sure,” Peter gently jabbed him.  
“What do you mean?” Thurston asked defensively.  He had hoped Peter might detect his irony and flatter him with some comment about how popular he was in Oxford and how all their old friends who had moved on to other jobs in England had only nice things to say about him.
“Every one thinks you're a decent guy, but a bit of a...well...rough diamond, so to speak.  Not that that's bad, but you have a bit of a reputation.  At least in chemistry circles.”
“Ah, well.  Shows you what chemists are like...”
“See,” said Peter.  “You're at odds with the chemistry world.  But I guess that's a good thing.  That's why I work in forestry now.  The whole science thing is so incestuous and childish.  There's all these little cliques and gangs.  It's like playground politics.”
An hour later they left the pub and went out to a local nightclub.  Thurston hoped that the cheery atmosphere and scantily dressed women might take his mind off Andrea so he could snap out of it and actually enjoy himself.  But after standing in the corner drinking for an hour he felt even worse.  Every attractive woman - and there were several who came and stood beside him for a few minutes as if enticing him to start a conversation - just reminded him more of what he had lost in Andrea.  Sure he could go talk to them.  Maybe he would even hit it off with one of them.  Maybe even he would end up going home with one of them.  But what would that accomplish?  In the morning he would only feel that he had violated his feelings for Andrea and put that much more distance between them.  
The next day he woke up and looked outside across the yard to the main dormitory of Balliol College.  He couldn't stand it any longer.  Being away from Brighton was being away from all those things - the street signs, the trees, the restaurants - that reminded him of her.  He felt his insides had been pulled out with a coat hanger.  He dressed quickly and bought a coffee at an old newsagent’s he used to buy music magazines from several years earlier.  He walked around the city trying as much as he could to reminisce about his time there and later that afternoon he met up again with Peter.  They took a long walk through Port Meadow talking about old friends and future directions in their lives.  Peter claimed to be trying to make a new start, leaving behind his twenties to focus on a newer and cleaner - he had used the word spiritual - life.  Thurston said he would invite him to his wedding with Andrea if all worked out.  It was a good, positive conversation where each of them admitted their past faults and had promised to move ahead rather than get bogged down in their old ways.  At five they went back to the station and Thurston caught the first train back to Brighton.
His trip back was long and exhausting.  The train was rerouted because of construction in the London area and the trip was three hours longer than it should have been.  When he got back to his apartment he threw his jacket on the couch and turned on the light in the living room.  He looked down at the telephone.  To his surprise, there was a message on the answering machine.  He wiped a bead of sweat off his forehead as he rewound the tape.  It was probably just the owner asking if everything was fine with the apartment.  But there was always that chance that it wasn't and in a minute's time all his problems would be solved.  He pressed the play button.  
“Hello Thurston.  This Júlia.  We would like very much see you before you go.  Maybe we can meet.  Please call.”
He replayed the message several times hoping to detect some inflection in Júlia's voice that might let on to some hidden secret about Andrea and her whereabouts, but Júlia's tone was so ambiguous that nothing could be inferred from her message beyond what she had said.  But why had Júlia called him and not Andrea?  It seemed strange, but he wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.  He phoned her immediately.
“Yes,” she said.  “We would like to meet.  Maybe Andrea come as well,” she added.
“How is she?  How's your mother?”
“They both OK.”
“I was worried.”
“You must have been.”
“When do you want to meet?”
“I think day after tomorrow is best.”
“Sure,” said Thurston.  
“At Orsino.  Nine thirty.”
He said good-bye and hung up.  It wasn't what he had been hoping for but it was still something good, a strand of something that he could hold onto and maybe bring her back.  He undressed and started up the hot water for a bath.  For a moment he felt angry that Andrea had not bothered to call him herself.  It was a sign of cowardice to get your sister to do everything for you.  But his skepticism quickly relented.  Maybe she was still in Hungary and was only coming back the next day and had asked her sister to make the plans in her absence.  But this didn't explain why were they going out as a group.  Although he really wanted to see Júlia and Jason, he thought it was better that he meet with Andrea first.  But perhaps Andrea felt nervous after all the weeks of absence and wanted to feel him out in a safer environment before she was ready to see him again.  Still, it was all just conjecture.  Júlia had said Andrea might come, and not that Andrea would come.  
As he stepped into the tub he felt a great sense of relief.  The message could just as easily have been from a debt collector or telephone solicitor that would have made his even more desolate than it already was.  So, he convinced himself as he dried his hair with a towel and stepped out into the living room, the phone call was ultimately something good that he should be grateful for.  It was the beginning of something, which, however small and possibly vague and inconclusive, could plant the seeds of a new and potentially wonderful life between them.


VI


Thurston had just turned to look out the window from his table at Orsino when he felt a sudden tap on his shoulder.  He turned around to see Andrea standing behind him.  She was wearing black pants and a denim jacket and had a thin coat of blue mascara covering her eyelids.  She gave him a half smile and turned her head away.  He stood up and hugged her, almost pulling her off her feet as he swept her across the floor in a small arc.  A group of three women in almost identical blue suits, who seemed to be partaking in some sort of office party at a nearby table, looked on in a mixture of astonishment and disapproval.  He pulled her even closer for a moment before letting her go.  When her feet touched the ground she stepped backwards and a more penetrating smile spread across her face.  It seemed like nothing had ever happened to pull them apart.
“We must go.  Jason wait in car.  We decide go Dorset instead.”
She turned and walked out the door in a manner that was suddenly cold and business-like.  As he followed her he noticed she was wearing a pair of black leather shoes he had never seen on her before.  The fact that she had bought such obviously expensive shoes when she was supposed to be in Hungary worrying about her mother was somehow troubling.  Although it was something he'd never stake his career on, or even mention to her or anyone else for that matter, the shoes were a manifestation of something deeper and ultimately more threatening that had fallen between them, an unmistakable sign that she had been putting her beauty on show while he was patiently waiting for her to come around in his mirror-and-wicker beachfront apartment.
“I like your new shoes,” he said.
“Yes.  Júlia shoes.  I think nice.”  He felt better.  If they were Júlia's shoes, then maybe she had just put them on for the day to impress him.
“How's your mother?” he asked with pointed concern.  “I've been so worried for you.”
“She better now.  Not as bad I thought.”
“Did you go to Hungary?”
“No.  I not have to.  She say no because operation expensive and she better anyway.”  
“That's good,” he said.  “That your mother's well, I mean.  What have you been doing?”
“Nothing much.  You know.  Sometime I see Júlia, but she busy.  Sometime I see Valerie.  You know.  I simple life.  Not like you.”
“Did you get my letters?” he asked as they walked towards the street corner. 
“Yes,” she said neutrally.  “Letters nice.  One too much about you and me sex life.”  She tilted her head and raised her eyebrows to let him know that the letter could easily have been taken as an offense.  “But, still nice,” she added. 
“Never upset a writer,” he exclaimed.  As soon as the words had come out of his mouth he felt stupid.  He had meant it to be something light and funny, but by the look on her face she had taken it instead as a threat that he might lose his mind and send her thirty letters a day to get back at her.
There was a welcome honk of a horn from behind and Jason pulled up in his blue Mercedes.  Andrea stepped into the back seat where Júlia and Kristina were sitting and Thurston walked around to the passenger side.  He opened the door and saw Júlia smiling in a black suit - perhaps of her own design - with a a smear of lipstick on her thin red lips.  In many ways, secret and fantastical ways that blossomed forth in the middle of long sleepless nights only to be forgotten the next day and never fully acknowledged even while they were happening, he had liked her since the first night they met.  She had a delicate and unassuming elegance that was as much ingratiating as it was threatening.  
“Good to see you,” Jason said.  He had frosted black hair and a slightly sunken chin, making him look slightly older than the rest of his appearance might suggest.  Thurston stepped in and closed the door.  They pulled away from the curb into the slow stream of traffic.  As they drove through the lanes looking for a parking spot, Thurston kept looking into the rear view mirror hoping to catch a glimpse of Andrea in the back.  They rounded a scenic corner, known for its historic Irish pub painted in deep blue enamel, and then past a liquor store.
“Just a second,” said Thurston.  “I want to buy some champagne for later.  You guys should come over and see my place.”
“Sounds good,” said Jason.  There was a flourish of approving laughter from behind.  “I'll just let you out.  The Dorset is just around the corner.  We’ll meet you there.”
Thurston jumped out and ran into the store.  There was an entire wall of sparkling wine to choose from.  After looking around for a few seconds he grabbed a bottle of moderately priced champagne and walked to the till.  As he pulled out his wallet he toyed with the notion that he should splurge on a better bottle but decided against it.  He'd need the money for furniture and rent when he moved back to America.  
When he got to The Dorset it was crowded.  He stepped past the bar and squeezed between a crowd of people until he spotted Andrea and the others.  She was sitting on the other side of the room holding a cup of coffee.  He waved his hand to get her attention.  She looked up at him and smiled.  From a distance she looked almost Asian, although more full in the cheeks and brighter in complexion.  He wove through the maze of tables and chairs and took a seat between her and Jason.  She greeted him with a nod and took off her denim jacket.  Underneath she was wearing a dark blue silk shirt he had never seen on her.
“So Thurston,” she said.  “You look very nice.”
“Thanks.  So do you.”
When the waiter came Thurston ordered a round of drinks for everyone.  Andrea asked for something he'd never heard of, but the waiter seemed to know what she wanted and just nodded his head.  Five minutes later he came back with a tray and set a dark brown drink in front of her.  She looked at it strangely and took a sip.  Her face puckered up.
“No,” she said.  “This have alcohol.  Not what I ask for.”  She pushed it away in disgust.  “I not drink.  Not nice.”
“That's what you asked for,” said the waiter.
“No, I not ask for this.”
The waiter shrugged his shoulders indifferently and walked away.  It looked like he had seen this sort of thing a thousand times before and wasn't about to do anything about it.  In his mind she was just some silly tart and couldn’t possibly know the difference anyway.
“Probably just a misunderstanding,” said Thurston to the waiter’s back as he steered through the crowd to another table.
Half an hour later they paid for the drinks.  They got into Jason's car and drove back to Thurston's apartment in virtual silence.  As they pulled up to Thurston's building Júlia and Kristina started whispering something in Hungarian.
“I wonder what they're saying,” said Jason in an attempt to break the deadlock.
“I couldn't guess,” said Thurston with strained joviality.
“I used to think it was something deep.  Now I know it's probably something to do with lipstick.”
“Ha,” Kristina exclaimed boldly.  “You wish.”
They got out of the car and followed the sidewalk up to the front door of the building.  Thurston slowed his pace so that Andrea could catch up with him, but she slowed down in turn and remained at equal distance behind him.
“Astra House,” said Jason, reading the sign above the door.  “I used to know a guy who lived here.”
“It's not a bad place,” said Thurston.  “Kind of small but still classy.”
Thurston unlocked the main door.  He walked into the front lobby and the others followed in hushed silence.  In the elevator he turned his gaze to Andrea and she smiled this time without looking away.  He had almost forgotten how beautiful her eyes were - two polished jewels burning with a soft inner light.  She closed her eyes slowly and finally looked down to the floor.  It was the same look of tender seduction she always used to give him just a few months earlier when they would meet for coffee at place called The Waffle House.
They walked into his apartment and settled in the living room.  Júlia and Andrea sat at the dining table while Jason and Kristina sat on the couch.
“Music, Thurston,” Andrea pleaded.
“OK.  What do you want to hear?”
“Bjork.  I want Bjork!” she said.  Then she took out a cigarette.  “Oh,” she said.  “I must open window.”  Thurston leaned over and helped her pull open the heavy wood-frame window.  Then he went to put on Post.  “Is this OK?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said.  “I like.”
Thurston went to the kitchen to open the champagne.  He came back with five glasses.  Andrea was looking at a copy of a Richard Ford novel on the table.  Thurston had been reading it over the last few days to keep his mind off Andrea.  
“Nice face,” she said pointing to the photo on the back.  “Very sympathetic.”
“It's an amazing book.  I never thought I'd like it, but there are so many similarities with my life.  The guy's in his mid thirties with a teenage son trying to make sense of everything...”
“I would like read,” she said.
Thurston poured the champagne and they lifted their glasses for a toast.  
“So,” said Júlia.  “When will we hear about you?”  The glasses clanked together.
“Ha.  Who knows?  Maybe never.  But I have to keep trying.  It's more that I feel I have to write.  The world kind of affects me in a deep way.  Little things even.  It's not that I'm overly sensitive, but I notice things, record them, they affect me...”  He watched out of the corner of his eye to see if Andrea was listening, but she was staring out the window with a look of detachment on her face.
“I would like to read some of your books,” said Júlia.
“Sure.  I'll send some by some time.  They have to get published first!”
Thurston moved over beside Andrea and put his hand on her leg.  She smiled for a second and then turned her head away and continued smoking.  He waited for her to turn her head back, but she didn't.  He could see she wasn't responding.  Maybe she was just nervous in front of all the people.  He pulled his hand away and went over to talk to Jason and Júlia, who were sitting beside each other next to the stereo.  Just as he was about to say something, Andrea stood up and stretched her arms out lazily like someone signaling profound boredom.
“OK,” she said bluntly.  “I think everyone tired and want go.”
“Why not stay a little longer?  There's more champagne.”  He stood up and grabbed the bottle.
“No,” she said.  “They look tired.”  She gestured across the room to Jason and Júlia who looked surprised and uncomfortable - anything but tired.  “Can't you see?”
Everyone stood up all at once.  Andrea resumed her seat while the others walked into the front hall to get their jackets.  Thurston dropped to his knees in front of her.
“So,” he said.  “Can we meet before I go?”
“No,” she said without emotion.  “This last time I think.”  She looked down at the floor to avoid eye contact.
“What is it?” he whispered.  “What have I done?  Is this because I'm moving?  Is it because I proposed and you're afraid of commitment?”
“No.  Nothing to do with.  It's so like you.  You always think your fault,” she said.
“I'm just trying to find some reason.”
“I told you.  I not right girl for you.”
“I thought you said you loved me.  By the stone fence, just before I went back to Colorado.”
“I did.  But not now...”  She shrugged her shoulders like her feelings were out of her control and she held no responsibility for anything that had happened between them.  “Just the time,” she said.  She shook her head in wan dismissal like a pawnbroker appraising the value of an old typewriter.
Thurston's head dropped.  “Andrea,” he beckoned her.
“Don't push me,” she uttered.  Her eyes hardened.  It was the first time he'd ever seen her angry.  She stood up and walked towards the door.  The others were waiting and had obviously been listening.  He put on a false face and stood up.  
“Good-bye,” he said with sudden conviviality.  He shook Jason's hand and kissed Júlia and Kristina on the cheek.  He gave Andrea a hug and kissed her as if nothing had happened.
“Take care,” he said.
“I hope we hear a lot about you,” said Júlia.  
“Sure,” said Thurston.  Her words had a sense of finality about them as if he had already become for her and Andrea a person from their past that they might read about one day in the newspaper years down the road and say my, I knew him once, so great to see he is doing so well.
He crossed the threshold and walked them halfway down the corridor.  He smiled as he watched them turn the corner to the staircase and elevator and then walked back into his apartment and closed the door.  He drank the last of the champagne and then took a glass out of the cupboard and poured himself a glass of vodka.  Then he went into the living room and pulled out a nineteen-seventies new wave compilation.  Maybe the fast lilting beats would help to cheer him up.  He slipped it into the drawer of the CD transport and pressed the play button.  A few seconds later the opening bars of I Don't Like Mondays filled the room.  A silicon chip inside her head got switched to overload...
He took a long sip of his vodka and dropped into the sofa.  The world was so cruel and ridiculous.  It was a place where a perfectly normal girl could wake up and walk into school with a gun in her pocket and end up shooting half a dozen people for no reason.  It was a place where a woman could love a man one day and walk away the next day without so much as a tear or explanation.  He pressed the repeat button and listened to the song for the next half hour.  He felt a strange affinity for the girl in the song.  She had apparently just woke-up one day, after thirteen years of perfect behavior, and decided to go into school and kill everyone she knew.  Not that he had any desire to kill anyone, but that his life had flipped to some ridiculous extreme where such actions would suddenly have become possible if he had not been such a stable person.  That's what life was like, he imagined a commentator saying on some late-night fireside television debate about the sorry state of modern society.  Things happened.  You could never count on anybody from one day to the next.  Feelings changed in strange and unpredictable ways.  Nobody was responsible for anything.  
He went back into the kitchen and poured himself another glass of vodka.  If that was what life was about, then why should he care how drunk he got?  He walked back into the living room - which now looked like a grotesque mockery of his attempts to win back Andrea - and sat down.  He knew it was going to be a long night.  The longer, the better, he said out loud after draining the entire glass of Vodka in one gulp.

The next day he woke up at twelve.  His head hurt and he could barely stand.  When he walked into the kitchen for a glass of water he saw the empty vodka bottle and it all came back to him.  His first impulse was to pick up the bottle and throw it at the wall.  But then he took hold of himself.  He took a glass out of the cupboard and turned on the cold-water tap.  It was best to calm down and focus on what few positives he could find.  Perhaps things weren't as bad as he had thought the night before.  His mind processed the events leading up to her final departure.  Perhaps when she smiled at him in the elevator that she was sending him a signal or glimpse of some possible love in the future.  She wouldn't have looked at him that way if she didn't love him in some way.  But why had she suddenly become so cold and distant just before they left?  Maybe it was a good sign, he thought.  Maybe she did love him after all and was afraid to confront him because she knew all her old feelings would well up inside her and take over.  Feelings didn't just disappear.  If she didn't love him she would have asked for them to be friends - as he had certainly done nothing wrong to her - and everything could have slowly wound down and fizzled out into some sort of bland sequence of occasional afternoon meetings in Starbucks.  But she hadn't said this.  So, there had to be something left.  If you did nothing wrong and a woman who once seemed to love you suddenly walks away, it meant there was still hope.  
As he dressed he wondered why he could have been so weak as to entertain the notion that he should give up and fold after just a few bad encounters over a six-week time frame.  The best relationships persevered through all manner of adversity.  If he truly loved her he had to prove it.  That's what winners did.  They seized hold of life and didn't give up, no matter how bad things got.  When he stepped out of the bathroom he looked at himself in the full-length mirror and decided that if he was going to go out, he was going to go out with style and buy her the nicest necklace and perfume he could find.  It was a classy move at worst that would at least leave her with some small reminder of what they had shared together.  There was even the chance that it might turn her around and make her realize what she had lost.  It was a long shot, a last-minute long bomb, but if he didn't try then it would be over for good and he'd never see her again.  How many men would continue to express their love in such a situation?  Perhaps she was walking an emotional tightrope and all he had to do was throw one last gesture in her direction to turn the balance back in his favor.  She could be that close to coming back, he thought as he looked out the window onto the beachfront.
Later that afternoon he walked down to the Lanes - with all their quaint little antique jewelry shops and specialty restaurants - searching for something to give her.  After about half an hour he found a silver necklace and pendant in a window display that caught his eye.  It was laid out on a black velvet cloth and glittered in the late afternoon sun.  The intricate metal work and tiny diamond-like jewels reminded him of actresses from the silver screen - a brand of beauty he'd always associated with her.  Little Shop Around the Corner, he thought, recalling the old James Stewart romantic comedy set in Budapest.  I'll buy her this necklace in a little shop around the corner.  The small label read “Nineteen forty-five French paste” but no price was listed.  It looked far too elegant - even displayed beside other pieces in the window that were much too expensive for him.  He entered the store and asked the woman behind the counter. 
“Eighty pounds,” she said.  “It's a wonderful piece.  So rare.  You don't see this kind of delicacy that often.”
“Yes,” he said.  “It's just what I was looking for.”  He pulled out his wallet and paid immediately.  The woman wrapped it in a little black box.  “Lucky lady,” she said.
On his way home he picked up a card with a black and white picture of Gretta Garbo on it.  He stopped at a café and wrote her a short note wishing her good luck in the future and letting her know how special she was to him and how he regretted that he would have to go on without her in search of another woman who would no doubt be nothing in comparison to her.  He sealed the card and went to the closest flower shop.  He put the necklace and card in the gift bag and placed it on the counter.  An old woman came out from the back.
“Could you stuff this bag with flowers and send it off for me?”
“Certainly can,” she said.  He gave her the address.
“Twenty pounds,” she said.  He paid without hesitation.
“It'll go out late today or tomorrow.”
That night he bought a take-away curry and sat at home with a bottle of wine wondering if she had received his gift yet.  As he was finishing the last drops of his wine, he heard what sounded like a street fight outside.  He looked out the window but saw nothing.  The sun had set hours before and the streetlights were too dim to get a clear view of the street below.  His imagination darkened.  Maybe she would receive the flowers with a frown on her face wondering why he was still persisting in trying to win her over when she had clearly told him to stay away.  Later that night, as he walked out into the night in search of an after hours club to numb his pain, he became convinced that he was a burden to her and wondered why he had gone through the trouble of buying her a gift that she would no doubt receive with little gratitude.
The next morning the phone rang.  Thurston was still in bed.  He leaned over to pick up the receiver, too tired to put two thoughts together and guess at who it might be.
“Hi, this Andrea,” she said with a sense of such warmth and joy he felt he had just stepped into a nineteenth-century French landscape painting.  “I got your flowers.”
“Are they nice?  I didn't get a chance to see them.”
“Flowers very nice, Thurston.”
“Did you get the necklace,” he asked, wondering if perhaps the florist had forgotten to put it in the bag.
“Necklace so nice.  You know my taste.  Júlia like too.  She have fashion show go to London next week and she want wear.”
“I thought it would look good on you.  It would go well with that hair pin you always used to wear.”
“Yes.  I think too.  When come back?”
“The return portion of the ticket was set for around December.  I just put it that way.  I wasn't expecting to use it.”
“So, you come in December?  I must go Hungary Christmas but can see you before.”
“Sure,” said Thurston.  His heart lit up.  Maybe he could come when the semester was over.  And then perhaps something will have changed.  
“I will see you then,” she said.”
They spoke for another ten minutes before she said she had to go baby-sit.  It was too much of a sudden turn around and he didn't quite know what to think.  All he knew was that he felt better.  There was hope.  He was going back in two days and she wasn't with him yet, but there was hope.  That was all that mattered.

The night before his flight he called Kristina to see if he could come over to the flat to make sure he didn't leave anything behind when he had moved a few weeks earlier.  As he was getting ready to go the thought occurred to him that it would be a nice gesture to leave his portable stereo behind for Andrea.  He was moving up to a higher-paying job and would easily be able to buy a new one.  She didn't have much money and could probably use it.  He'd carried it with him for almost seven years since he had bought it back in America and it was time to finally leave it behind.  Since he'd had some of his best times with her while listening to it, lying with her in his London Road apartment bedroom staring at the blue ceiling while Bjork played nonchalantly in the background, he felt she should have it.  Once in her possession, it would sit firmly by her bedside, always reminding her of their best times together while he was away.  He wrote a small note to her explaining that he hoped she'd accept it.  Then he called a cab and went over to see Kristina.  
“Just coming by for a last visit,” he said when she answered the door.  She invited him upstairs and opened the door to the kitchen.  He set the stereo down and looked at the green table lamp.  “Nice lamp,” he said.  “I'll miss it.”
She laughed.  “We should go out tonight,” she said.
“Sure,” said Thurston.  “That would be nice.”
“I'll call Júlia and Jason.  Maybe Andrea come as well.”
She went into the living room and made a few phone calls in Hungarian.  Then she came back into the kitchen.  “Not know where Andrea is, but Júlia and Jason will come later.  I said we go Orsino.”
They walked together down Portland Road towards Orsino, passing small groupings of iron mongers, tandoori houses, and news agents that seemed to repeat themselves with the regularity of the living room scenery in The Flintstones.  Eventually they reached a bus stop where he had once met Andrea.  How strange, he thought.  Three months ago I was planning to go to Hungary with her and now I can't even see her.
“You look sad,” said Kristina.
He shrugged his shoulders and looked ahead at a dog that was wandering across the street.  She looked at him with dark sympathetic eyes.  “I've never seen Andrea like this before,” she said.  “She's so confused.  I tell her she should take good opportunity when it comes and then she get angry and tells me I shouldn't tell her what do.  But I feel she is close to coming down.”
“I don't know what's going on.  I proposed to her and then she vanished into nowhere.  I guess her mother was sick, but I still don't understand her.”
“Nobody does.”
When they got to Orsino they took two stools by the bar.  “Have some tequila with me,” she said.  “I know you're upset, but it's your last night here.”  She stretched her arms outward and smiled languorously.   
“Waiter,” she said.  The waiter came over and she ordered two tequilas.
“So,” she said, readjusting her bra strap.  “It's been a magical summer...”  She looked into his eyes.  After a short silence she set her hand on his knee and squeezed it.  “It's been good to get to know you.  Maybe we will see each other again.”
“Yes,” said Thurston, although he wondered what she had meant.  
Just as Kristina was about to say something John came from behind.  Thurston turned and greeted him.  Kristina turned away, pretending he wasn't there.  
“Hi Thurston.  I just talked to Jason and he said we were all coming down here.”
“Yes, pull up a stool.”
“So, Thurston,” said Kristina, still ignoring John.  “When will you be back?”
“Tell me about your new job,” said John, still standing behind them.  He looked over at Kristina.  He had a slightly hurt expression on his face.  Although he had interfered with his relationship with Andrea, there was something so socially inept about him that garnered a little of Thurston’s sympathy.  He turned to Kristina.  “I'll be back in December.”  Then he swiveled back to John.  “It's a teaching job in chemistry.  Nice salary...”
Just then Jason and Júlia walked in.  Júlia walked up to Kristina and kissed her on the cheek.  Jason turned to John and smiled.  Thurston was relieved, as it seemed Kristina had no intention of being friendly to John and it was starting to get uncomfortable.
“Come join us at a table,” Jason said.  
Júlia and Kristina stayed at the bar while John, Thurston and Jason took a table in the corner.  The sudden congregation of everyone from Andrea's circle was almost too much for coincidence.  Maybe it meant that Andrea would be next.  If she were really finished with him they would probably have preferred to avoid him out of convenience.  Although it was conceivable that they just felt sorry for him, it seemed more likely that it was something more, and they had come as Andrea's representatives to keep him company while she stayed at home wondering what to do with her life.  Each of them was a delicate thread attaching him to her, bringing her closer to him on the night of his departure.
“It's a shame about Andrea,” Jason said without warning.
“What?”  Perhaps Jason knew something he didn't.  John looked on in silent curiosity.
“You were a good couple.”
“Yes.  I really wanted her to come to America.”
“She's really attached to Júlia.  They're like two amoebas.  They talked a few months ago about her going to America and they said it wouldn't be a good idea to separate them so soon after leaving Hungary.”
“I'd do everything I could to keep her and her sister happy.  I'd pay for the phone and travel bills.”
“Well.  You never know.  She might call up in a month and say she wants to be in America with you.  You know how these things go.”
Thurston opened his hands and smiled as if to say he was comfortable with whatever happened and the situation was out of his hands.  Inside he wondered if Jason had witnessed some recent conversation in which Andrea had discussed moving to America.  A minute later Júlia came over and pulled Thurston off to the bar.
“We want to say good-bye,” she said.  
She ordered three tequilas and they toasted his departure.  “Good luck,” she said.  When they had finished Júlia turned to Thurston.  “I think we should go to table now.”
“Kristina grabbed his arm.  “No.  You're going tomorrow.  Stay here with me so I can celebrate with you.”  She rubbed up against him, allowing her breasts to brush lightly against him.  “It's been so special.”
“I think we should go,” said Júlia as though to avert some potentially disastrous situation in the process of developing.  “It would be rude not to join them.”
“No.  Stay with me Thurston.”  
Júlia looked both uncomfortable and angry.  “No, Kristina,” she said coldly.  She turned to Thurston.  “Let's go sit down.”  Thurston followed her to the table.  He couldn't help but think that Júlia was protecting her sister's romantic interests.  He imagined the sisters had spoken earlier that day about him and that Andrea had said she wanted to be with him after all.
An hour later, after exchanging anecdotes about old school teachers and times they had been punished for acting up in class, everyone gathered their coats to leave.  Thurston kissed Júlia and Kristina on the cheek and shook hands with Jason and John.  He waved to them as they all drove off in Jason's car and then walked home alone under the deep velvet mantle of the midnight sky.  He was happy from the tequila and optimistic that something beautiful may indeed come out to him given a little time.  It was such a turn around from a week earlier when she had claimed only to love him for the time.  That night he slept happily, waking up only occasionally to the warm comfort of the thick duvet tucked snugly between his legs.



2.  Detroit




I


On his flight to Detroit Thurston resolved to forget about Andrea as much as he could and focus on settling into a new life in America.  It wasn't that his feelings for her had changed in any way, but rather that he came to realize that it would only be destructive to sit around waiting for her to come around when he should be focusing on other things.  If the tone of her voice during their last conversation was any indication, she was eager to see him when he returned in late November, so it was best to just sit back and be thankful for her change of heart, as nothing he could do between now and then could make things any better.  Of course, he could always do something to make things worse.  There were countless possibilities in this regard.  He could call her and tell her he was fed up with her indecision and wished she were dead, although this wasn't true, and would just make sure she would never come back.  Or, he could do the opposite and call her just one more time to tell her how much he loved her, but she would either take him for granted at having to hear his declaration yet again or consider it a form of pressure and get angry with him.  The best thing he could do, then, was to maintain casual contact with her while concentrating on building a good life for himself.  This way, if she did end up coming for a visit sometime down the road, he would have something to show for his time alone in Detroit.  And if she didn't, he would at least have the comfort of knowing he held his ground and didn't lose the shirt off his back for her.
After clearing customs at the airport, he caught a cab into the city.  When he got to the hotel - one the university had booked for him as a courtesy - he set his luggage down beside his bed and walked outside.  The hotel was set off between a dingy residential area and a ramp to a freeway with a seemingly endless stream of eighteen-wheeled trucks waiting in line to cross the bridge into Canada.  He walked through a small field and past a few blocks of new brick apartment complexes until he got to the university.  At first he thought he should go in and say hello to the chairman, but then he decided against it.  He was too tired and disheveled from the flight and didn't want to leave a bad impression.  
So he left the campus grounds and surveyed the neighborhood, hoping to find a suitable apartment that he might be able to move into immediately.  Nothing he had seen in his previous visit had looked like the sort of place where a dazzling Hungarian beautician like Andrea could ever be happy.  Everything was either too run down, too plain, or too suburban.  Time here passed slowly, he thought as he walked by a dry ice factory off Woodward Avenue, and Detroit was a grim and lifeless city filled with people who wasted their entire lives sitting on balconies in their undershirts or watching NASCAR events on TV from the comfort of their rocking chairs.
He wandered through the area directly to the west of downtown, his legs still aching from sitting on the airplane all day, until he found a street that seemed to lead to a more lively and pleasant neighborhood.  He followed the sidewalk, looking for rental and vacancy signs.  After about half an hour he spotted a large house on an older but newly renovated block.  Penthouse Suite for Rent, the sign read.  From street level the apartment looked too good to be true.  It had huge triangular windows and a wrought iron staircase running up the backside to the front door.  There was a hair stylist's on the first floor with a wooden patio in front.  He memorized the phone number from the sign and ran to the nearest booth to call.  A man with a middle-eastern accent answered and they made arrangements to meet that evening.  After a quick hamburger in a nearby sports bar Thurston went to the apartment to meet him.  When he got there a slim man with olive-colored skin and black hair was waiting at the door.  
“I'm Sam,” said the man.
Thurston introduced himself and shook his hand.  Sam opened the apartment door and they walked in together.  Thurston had never seen anything like it, at least not in England.  The kitchen was strikingly modern and opened up to a central reception area with slanted ceiling panels to match the shape of the roof.  There were two bedrooms off the living room and a luxurious bathroom.  Each room had its own set of adjustable lights and even its own thermostat.  
“Eleven hundred a month,” Sam said.  The price seemed high, but affordable.
“When is it available?”
“In three weeks.”
He agreed to take it on the spot.  It was a place where he and Andrea could be happy if she indeed did choose to come over.  But in the meantime he would need accommodation for the next three weeks.
The next day he opened a bank account and made out a bank order for the deposit on the flat.  In the afternoon he went into the university to meet some of his new colleagues.  By evening he had already secured a temporary place with a few graduate students who had a spare room to let.  At the crack of dawn the very next morning he strolled into the university to start his new job.  His first responsibility was to start ordering equipment for his new lab from the funds he was granted and to set up his office with a computer and whatever relevant textbooks he could find lying around.  As he was sitting at his temporary desk an older member of faculty walked into his office and introduced himself.
“John McCarthy,” he said.  The man was short and round with a gray elfish beard that spread from one ear to the other.
“Thurston...”
“I know you're name already.  After all, I helped hire you.”
“Of course,” said Thurston. 
“Sussex, eh?”  McCarthy probed.  “You probably should have stayed there,” he whispered in a way that was still loud enough for people in the hallway to hear him.  “This department is a disaster,”
“I would have liked to but...”
“You should be careful about Jacobsen,” he said in a more hushed tone as if he thought people were suddenly listening when perhaps they hadn't been just a moment before.  Thurston was taken aback as Jacobsen was the chairman that had made all the arrangements to hire him in the first place.
“He seems OK to me.  Pretty straightforward.”  
McCarthy closed the door.  He looked around as if he thought someone might still be listening.
“You really ought to know what just happened.”
“What was that?” asked Thurston, trying to be polite while avoiding any possible perception of controversy.
“They set up my son.  He was working with Jacobsen in his lab trying to finish off a summer project for his degree.  Then one day Jacobsen just went and fired him.  I'm not sure why, but he did.  So I decided to give him a break.  After all, he was my son.  Then I find out eight months later when the cops march into my office that Jacobsen had suspected my son was trying to make amphetamines and had set up cameras in my lab to prove it.  He fired him without telling him he knew what he was up to, let me rehire him, and then set him up behind my back.  I only found out the day of his arrest.  At least they could have told him they suspected him and threatened to kick him out if he continued.  They could have even told me, for God's sake.  I'm close to retirement.  It's not as if I'm dangerous.  I've been here all my life and Jacobsen turns around and backstabs me.”
Thurston shook his head in regret as McCarthy turned around and started walking out the door.  It seemed they could have at least told McCarthy what was going on before they got the police involved.  Thurston thanked McCarthy for the information and spent the rest of the day rearranging things in his office and filling out the various benefits and health care forms that the secretary had given him.
That evening he walked through the no-man's land between Wayne State and downtown past countless strip clubs and pool halls wondering if he should have come at all.  Who wanted to be part of a department where people called the police on each other's children?  Maybe it would have been better to keep Andrea and stay in Sussex on the off chance something came of it.  He walked past a pawnbrokers protected by a set of iron bars on the door and a barbed wire fence around the parking lot.  There was no way a woman like Andrea would ever want to come to a place like this.  When he got back to his room he took off his coat and made himself some coffee in the communal kitchen downstairs.  He felt hollow inside.  He'd just given up the love of his life for an offer to work in a second rate department with a back stabbing chairman in one of the worst cities in America.  But what else could he have done?  How could he have known it would have turned out like this?  He stared out the window into the deep red light of dusk, wondering if he should call Andrea.  When the sun had set he went down to the kitchen and picked up the phone to dial.  But after just one ring he put it down again.  It was five hours later in England and she was probably asleep.
The next morning he woke up to the sound of the phone ringing.  He put on his underwear and walked downstairs with a sleeping bag wrapped around his body like a ceremonial cloak.  He picked up the receiver.
“Hello?” he said cautiously, wondering who it could possibly be.
“Hello.  This Júlia.  I give phone my sister.”  Thurston was so stunned he just let his sleeping bag drop from his body.  He never imagined she'd call so soon.
“Hi.  This Andrea.”  Thurston smiled into the receiver.  “I called your office at university and they give me your number.”
“I wondered how you got it,” he said.  Then he wished he had said something more powerful and daring, the kind of thing that lead men in movies always came up with when they had to fix whatever damage they had done to drive the lead woman away.
“I feel better now,” she said.  “I not confused anymore.”
“Really?” 
“Yes,” she said, her voice simmering with excitement.  He looked outside at a small African American boy playing with a basketball by himself in the alleyway.  Then he looked back at the telephone.  She was probably sitting in a nicely furnished room somewhere in Brighton having the time of her life while he had been suffering for weeks wondering what she would do next. 
“Yes?” he said brightly, having decided it was wrong of him to be angry with her.
“Yes,” she repeated.
“I just got a nice apartment,” he said.
“I know you and your taste.  It probably nicest apartment in Detroit.”
“Close,” he boasted.
“I write letter for you,” she said.  “It very small.  My English not so good.  But I want you to read it.  I hope it's not too late.”
He thought that maybe if he were lucky he might hear from her in a few weeks with just some casual postcard, but this?  After the flurry of all his love letters and the flowers and his proposal such a turnaround was tantamount to accepting his proposal.  How could she come back to him if she wasn't serious?
“I have to go,” she said suddenly.  “This Júlia phone.”
“I'll make you a tape,” he said.  She said good-bye and hung up without waiting for his reply.  
Thurston stretched his arms upwards into the air.  Perhaps it wasn't such a mistake after all to have moved away.  The strange old man in the Squid and Starfish was right.  Andrea had come back to him.  His letters and patience had paid off.  He had succeeded where other, more faint-hearted people would have failed.  For a moment Detroit seemed like the kind of place where anybody could live and be happy.

Thurston waited patiently for her letter.  After a week had passed with no further news he started to think that she hadn't sent him a letter at all and had only said she did because she thought she might out of some sense of nostalgia when she realized he could be gone for good.  She really wasn't going to come back to him after all.  He reviewed the phone call over and over in his head.  All she had said was that she wasn't confused anymore and had felt better.  Although her play tone suggested she did indeed want him back, she never said outright that she wanted to marry him.  And why would she neglect to see him the night before he left only to change her mind a few weeks later?  
Ten days later the letter finally came.  It was sealed in a white envelope with her name scribbled on the back in her usual wide jittery script.  He took the envelope and walked to a local donut shop to read it.  As he pulled out the letter he was almost afraid to read what it said.

Dear Thurston,
Thank you for your letter and for the stereo what you left behind you.  You were right when you said hopefully I will enjoy it, because I do very much.  I suppose you are getting deeply into your job, and you find a very nice apartment because I know your taste.  I was quite surprised when I got your stuff what you left with me.  That was when I realized that you were really gone.  Think back of that time while you were in Brighton and I was only a little distance away from you.  I cannot understand myself.  I was so confused all about those questions what you gave me but I always knew there was a special connection between us.  After all these time I feel more sure about things.  You have to understand me why I was so confused about all your letters.  Sometimes it is hard to believe in such a nice things what you have written down on paper, that it is happening to me.  Because it is too nice compare it to my very 'simple life'.  I just want to make you sure (maybe it seems to be too long time).  It is really important to me being happy with you in somewhere.  I hope one day soon I can see you in America, but I don't have much money.  Maybe you think all these explanation is too late now.  I don't know and I also don't know what would be the best way to express myself.  I move into new place where I have no phone.  You can call me at Júlia place.  I give you her address:

63 Abinger Road
Portslade E. Sussex
BN41 1SD
England

P.S. I look forward to seeing you soon.  Love from Andrea.

Thurston put the letter down.  Nothing could have been more perfect.  In her quaint and awkward grammar she had expressed her deepest feelings.  He reread it just to make sure he hadn't missed something, some misread word or sentence which could be reinterpreted to mean that there wasn't any possibility of them being together again.  There was always the chance that in his excitement he had exaggerated what she was trying to say and bent it only to fit his expectations.  Never would he have expected her to come back so soon with such a strong confession of affection.  She had even described his letters as too nice.  No man had ever loved her like he did and she was so blown away that she had to hide out from him to make sure he was true and wasn't just making it all up.  For the rest of the day the words special connection echoed through his head over and over again, imagining a spiritual umbilical cord attaching them through space.  He had proposed to her, lost her, and then won her back with his courageous love letters and patience.
A few days later he bought a futon and moved into his new apartment.  When he was finished unpacking he went to the closest travel agent and booked a flight for Andrea so she could come and see him.  She said she wanted to visit him but didn't have enough money.  So a ticket was a perfect Christmas gift.  Since the return portion of his ticket had him going back in late November, it would be best to space out the visits and have her come over some time in the new year, maybe during their reading week in February, just a week after Valentines Day.  Although it might be best to ask her first, she said she had no phone and if he waited to ask her by mail the good flights might all be gone and they would miss out on a perfect opportunity.  And if she couldn't come then, the dates could always be changed to suit her schedule. Then he booked himself a ticket coming back from England in early December and returning to London in March.  This way he could go back to Brighton one more time, right after she had visited him in America.  
Later that afternoon he went back to his office and searched the internet for a holiday flat in Brighton.  If he stayed at a bed and breakfast they wouldn't have the privacy they needed to take the relationship back where it belonged.  If they had a lousy time together for whatever reason, she could easily change her mind and decide not to use the ticket he bought her.  So it was crucial to get the most expensive flat he could afford, one where he could cook her meals and they could rediscover the passion of the days back on London Road, days which already seemed so far in the past to him that they had happened to someone else.  
That night he wrote her a letter saying how happy he was and how he had bought her a ticket.  He had to let her know that he was serious about making things work and make sure she didn't get away a second time.  It had been so long since they had spent any quality time together that it was always a possibility that he had become an abstraction in her mind.  She was younger and less experienced with international travel than he was and most likely more susceptible to the corroding influences of distance on her feelings and also more vulnerable to the advances of other men.  He envisioned scenarios in which she had already started seeing someone else by the time he came back to England in November, but after seeing him in the flesh would realize her mistake, only to have no power to do anything about it.  He had to hold on to her.  He had to protect her from all the forces at work engineering to destroy their love.  But if he came on too strong she might take him for granted.  So, he had to tread that fine line between sincerity and cool indifference.  Such an approach almost seemed clinical, the antithesis of love, but it was the reality - their reality.  Whichever way he looked at it, holding onto a long distance lover was a game of strategy.
A week later he sent her flowers.  The week after that, he sent her the tape he had promised - a collection of love songs that he associated with their time together.  And the week after that, he sent her a second card explaining in a more sober way what his life was like in Detroit.  All he had to do was keep in regular contact until November.  
Time passed quickly and he found himself getting more and more involved with his work, something he hadn't done since before he had met Andrea.  Everything seemed to be going well and there was no real reason for him to worry.  If anything, sitting alone at home thinking about the ways in which their love could yet again go wrong was a certain recipe for introducing a seed of negativism that would one day sprout and destroy everything he had worked so hard to win back. 
 
A few weeks before his trip, he was out in a local bar playing pool.  That day had seen the first snowfall and the air had a crisp and clean quality that reminded him of new beginnings and the death of all things that had ever come to pass.  The only thing anyone ever really had was the future, and his would be a bright and prosperous one to be sure.  At about midnight a short black haired man with serious eyes and a Detroit Red Wings windbreaker challenged him to a game of eight ball.
“I'm Stan,” he said.  Thurston shook his hand.  Stan put four quarters into the slot and racked the balls.  Thurston broke.  Nothing went down.  
“I'll bet you a drink I win,” said Stan.
“Sure,” said Thurston.
Three minutes later Stan had cleared the table.
“I guess you owe me a drink.  Want another game?”
“No thanks,” said Thurston.  He walked to the bar.  Stan followed and Thurston bought them each a beer.
“You're pretty good,” Thurston said.
“I'm crap,” he said, laughing.  “But one thing.  You could be a lot better if you positioned your hand properly.”
They sat down at the bar and Stan started in on his life story.  It started like any other bar story, but as the minutes passed, it got stranger and stranger.  He was recently divorced.  He used to live in Grosse Point, but had lost the house when his wife left him.  He had some disability that nobody could diagnose that kept him from working.  It had something to do with mental seizures in which he claimed to be able to read people's minds involuntarily and since it couldn't be diagnosed he wasn't eligible for any government disability insurance.  As a result he was incredibly bitter and spoke favorably of assassinating the governor of Michigan.
“I know what you're thinking,” he said after another beer. 
“What?” asked Thurston.
“You have a girlfriend overseas.  I can tell.”  He contorted his face and his eyes shifted upward as if he were staring at some unusual object hovering in front of his forehead.  “And there's something about...metal...no wires.”  He paused and looked into Thurston's eyes.  “That's it.  Wires.  Telephones.  She doesn't have a telephone, does she?”
“No,” said Thurston.  “She doesn't.”  He wondered if he had said something to tip him off about his personal life.  Or maybe there was something in the way he moved or drank his beer that implied he had an overseas girlfriend without a telephone.  
Stan's eyes hardened and his mouth dropped open.  “When are you seeing her again?  I can see it all.  There's black wrought iron fences, sea water, and there's a guy trying to see her.  Get over there now!” he shouted as if he'd just had a premonition of an impending murder or aircraft disaster.  “You have to see her soon or you'll lose her.  He has money.  I know.”
“What?” asked Thurston.  An image of Abdul driving Andrea around Brighton in a sports car flashed before him.  He wanted to believe that he was just listening to some drunk who may have made a few lucky guesses about his life, but it all seemed too uncanny to be just coincidence.  
Thurston stood up quickly.  “I have to go,” he said.  “It's been nice talking.”
“Get over there as soon as you can or you'll lose her.”
“I'm going in three weeks,” he said brusquely, extinguishing any doubts he may have awakened inside himself about Andrea.  
That night he slept unevenly, waking up over and over from a series of repeating dreams in which Andrea was sleeping with another man while he was on the other side of the room tied up or paralyzed, always somehow unable to do anything about it.  In one dream he was being strangled by a mass of telephone wires while she stood on the opposite side of the room laughing in his face while a circus clown was slowly undressing her.
In the morning he woke up with a clear head wondering why he had taken such a man seriously.  He was an amazing pool player and seemed quite intelligent, but even if he was psychic, who was to say he wasn't just reading into Thurston's own fears and jealousies as opposed to the truth?  He took out Andrea's letter and reread it to make himself sure that she loved him.  The words were gentle and pure.  There was no way she'd turn back so soon.  That afternoon he called Júlia and left a message for Andrea to be at her house on Sunday afternoon so he could talk to her.  He needed to connect with her - if not in flesh and blood, at least as a sonic voice image transported through thousands of miles of underwater cable or into space via satellite reflection - so she could feel his presence as more than just the flow of words on a piece of paper.
“Thurston, how are you,” she said.  The way she pronounced you wasn't the way he remembered.  She extended the vowel in a way that conjured images of some Dutch football fan with heavy fat lips.
“I'm OK.  Working very hard.  How are you?”
“I not so good.  I get confused again.”
“No,” he said with concern.  “Are you working?  Did you move out?”
“I live in small room with awful lady and I work in restaurant...just help out in back.”  An image of her wearing a maid's dress scrubbing the kitchen floors of a tandoori house appeared in his mind.  He could just imagine the owner of such a place, a balding low-end businessman who made her work long hours and no doubt had already tried to exploit her for sexual favors.
“I bought you a ticket,” he said, reminding her of what he had told her in his letter.
“No, Thurston,” she said darkly.  He suddenly felt he had done something grievously wrong.  “I think too expensive and I can't go this year...”
He paused, trying to think of what she mean by this year.  Was this the end of the calendar year or did she mean by this that she could not go until next August after her permit had expired?  If so, it was far too long to wait.  Why was she putting him off so soon after she had finally turned around and come back to him?  Perhaps she wanted to stay in Brighton for a year to hedge out her bets and see what other opportunities arose before she made the decision to come to America.  “I meant it for after Christmas,” he said, assuming the best-case scenario.  “In the letter I told you that the dates were set for next spring.”
“Really,” she said with surprise and more compassion.  “I thought could only use this year and I have to go Hungary at Christmas see my parents.  They nice people.”
“Of course,” he said.  “I realize that.  I bought it as a gift.  You said you wanted to be with me and I thought it was the only way, seeing as you would have to work a long time to make enough money to buy one.  Also, it's cheaper for you to come here.  That way I don't have to pay for accommodation.”
“OK, Thurston.  I will come.  I just thought it was for before Christmas.” 
“Great,” he said.
There was a slight pause and then she continued, her voice emerging from the phone-line hiss as if from a deep well.  “I just think maybe you want to see other girl,” she said.  A silence fell between them.  He wondered if indeed the man from the bar was right and she had started seeing someone else.
“No,” he said in remonstration.  “I don't want to see any other women.  I proposed to you for a reason and being apart won't change anything...”  He stopped, wondering if his words were so bold and overblown that they might be taken as a sign of his dependence on her.
“I have no problem with you.  Only problem with distance.  So I think maybe you see other girls and I see other men...”
“No,” he said again.  “Never.  How could you even suggest that after all my letters?”
“I just testing,” she said.  He felt relieved.  “I want make sure if I commit you that you not want see other girls.  I want good man.”
“I'd never.  I've only proposed to two women in my life.  Why would I buy you a ticket if I wanted to see other girls?”
“You handsome man and maybe you need girl all time.”
They spoke for another ten minutes.  Thurston described Detroit, being sure not to portray it in too negative a light, as she may not want to come if he did.  Who knows how she might react to it?  She had to be the judge and he couldn't decide for her whether or not she liked the place.  
He said good-bye and after a short silence he heard her clear her throat.  Then he heard a click.  And then a hiss.  He let the receiver drop slowly to the phone.  Why had she not said good-bye?  He felt bad inside.  Maybe she had lied and she wasn't really testing him and some man - no doubt a rich restaurant owner if Stan the clairvoyant pool shark was right - was moving in on her.  He formed an image in his head of a fat half-bald Englishman wearing a suit like the thief in the Peter Greenaway film about the restaurant laughing coarsely as he took a slobbering bite out of a leg of pork while Andrea sat quietly beside him, a wedding ring glittering on her finger.  He couldn't let it happen.  Other men would only use her and discard her.  He was the only one who truly cared and he had to show it before it was too late and she fell away from him.  Stan, no matter how much of crazy drunk he seemed to be that night, was right.  Thurston had to get over quickly.  As he sat beside the phone he felt an inky blackness, almost psychic in its pervasive but nebulous presence - spreading between him and Andrea.  Something, he was now sure of it - some nefarious external force that she wasn't even aware of but needed to be protected from - was trying to force its way between them.  
The next morning he woke up and called Fedex, making arrangements for them to pick up her ticket in the afternoon.  By his calculation she would get it in two or three days.  He had to make sure she got it in hand before all was lost.  It was an anchor that would take hold of her and keep her from drifting away from him in the few short weeks that stood between him and his upcoming visit in November.


II


Thurston sat on the bed of his cramped Brighton hotel room watching a snooker match on the small brown television set in the corner.  Stephen Hendry, a perennial world champion, was playing a young upstart and the crowd favorite, Ronnie O'Sullivan.  There was something about the effortless composure of the two men that calmed Thurston's nerves and took his mind off all the possible things that could go wrong during his visit.  He had just spoken to Andrea that morning on the phone from Gatwick right after he cleared immigration and she agreed to meet him at eight that night in his hotel lobby.  After a brief rendezvous to shake off the rust, he'd spend the next day recovering from jet lag before moving into the holiday flat he had booked where they could spend more intimate time together.
When the match was over Thurston turned the volume down and fell asleep.  He awoke, he didn't know how many hours later, to a room lit only by the blue glow of the television set.  He opened the curtains and looked into the darkness outside.  It had to be at least ten or eleven.  He turned the light on and went into the bathroom to wash his face.  Why hadn't she come?  He felt a cramp in his stomach and poured himself a glass of water in one of the small tumblers provided by the hotel.  Perhaps in that one day since he had talked to her something had transpired making it impossible for her to see him.  A great darkness fell over him.  He put on his jacket and walked out into the lobby.  To his relief the clock read ten minutes to eight.  He had forgotten how far north England was and how the sun went down that much earlier in the winter than it did in Detroit.  He ordered a beer from the old Pakistani man at the bar and waited impatiently.  It had been so long since things had been good between them that he hardly knew what to expect.  As he sipped the foam from the head of his beer he reassured himself that in his experience any woman he had ever been involved with would always seem worthwhile and beautiful, even if it was years after they had broken up.  If you loved someone once, you would always love them from somewhere inside you.  At some stage jealousy or contempt might divide you, but once time had passed, the same old feelings of affection would shine through as strong as ever.
Ten minutes later he heard the door open behind him and turned around to see Andrea standing there in a beige corduroy winter coat.  Her hair was long and stringy - she had always complained of having to wash it every day - and she smiled in a way that was so natural and disarming that all his doubts immediately vanished.  He stood up and put his arms around her, pulling her towards him as he tightened his grip.  She resisted only slightly.  He guessed this had nothing to do with him and everything to do with the bartender who was standing right behind him and to the left.  Thurston could see from the corner of his eye that he was looking right at her, scrutinizing her as if she were a prostitute.  
“Thurston,” she said.  She rubbed her hands though his hair.  “You look so good.  So healthy.”
“So do you,” he said.
“No,” she said.  “I am fat now.”  She said this as if being fat was now a permanent condition of her personal evolution, a new stage in her being that was irreversible and stood as some sign of advancement in life.  He found this strangely attractive.  It meant she had accepted herself - was almost proud of the ten pounds or so she had gained - and wasn't looking for any compliment or statement to make her feel better. 
“I like you that way,” he said.  “You are more of a woman.”  As he listened to his words come out and let them linger on in his mind through the silence that followed he felt more and more idiotic.  Who was he to judge what a woman was or should expect of herself?
He took a step back and looked deeply into her eyes.  It was like confronting an old friend who had just returned from sea.  She looked more mature than he had remembered.  Her radiance was that of a woman and not a girl.  There was a new translucence - or even wisdom in her eyes - as if she had aged ten years inside while he was gone.  
As they walked into his room, the bartender looked on suspiciously.  Andrea took her coat off and sat on his bed.  She was wearing the necklace he had given her.  It matched perfectly with her hairpin and a slim jeweled ring she was wearing that he had never seen.
“Where should we go?” he asked her, placing his hand firmly on her thigh.  She moved closer to him.  It was a good sign indeed.
“We can stay here or go out.  It doesn't matter.”
“Maybe we can go out and get something to eat.”
“I not hungry.  But we can go.  But one thing.  As long as I'm here don't call me at old place.  No want Valerie know where I am.”
“Why?”  Thurston asked, concealing his satisfaction.
“She want go Pakistan and make me in charge of day home.  No want.  Not my cup of tea.”
They left the hotel and walked a few blocks down Western Road until they found a Lebanese restaurant that caught their eye.  It was scantily decorated with a few framed black-and-white photos of white stone houses in the middle of vast deserts with wandering sheep shepherded by women wrapped in dark robes in the background.  They took a table close to the door and Thurston ordered a light meal, Greek salad with pita bread and humus.
“Well,” she said seriously as she lit a cigarette.  “We have a few things to talk about.”
She looked suddenly more serious than he ever remembered seeing her.
“I think you very nice boy,” she said.  “I have thought for a while and I decide that I am ready to settle down.  You are a strong and good man and we have good love making together.  I think we be nice if we married.  Also Júlia think you nice boy.  That important to me.”
He nodded his head slowly.  It was everything he wanted to hear.  “How is she, anyway?”
She didn't answer him.  “And I know you have had more girl than me boy, but I not want more men,” she said.  “I think you right man for me.  I know you would not let me down.”  Her eyes saddened and she adjusted the ring on her finger.  “My life not go too well.  I think England very hard place to be and people not nice.  I have not been America but I know I will like.  I have little money and I lonely and I think I very lucky to know you and have you in my life.”
“Did you get the ticket?” he asked.
“I got ticket.  It make me so happy.  It best thing anyone ever do for me.”
They finished their meal and he paid.  She walked him back to the hotel.  He asked her in and she followed.  Just as they were opening his door the bartender came around the corner.
“No can have guests,” he said.  He had hard dark eyes and thick black hair.  Thurston guessed he was also the manager.  “Must pay extra.”
Thurston wanted to knock the man in the head, but resisted the urge.  “Sure,” he said gently.  “I understand.”
The man smiled with perverse satisfaction and turned away.
“I'll walk you to the bus,” he whispered to Andrea. 
“OK,” Thurston.  “We will go out.  Not tomorrow.  I have to baby-sit.  I come day after when you recover from jet lag.”
“Maybe I can make you dinner.”
She smiled in a way that was sweet, but almost calculated as if she knew she was reassuming the face she used to put on for him back in the days when they first started seeing each other.  It was a face Thurston adored for its innocence.  “I would like very much,” she said.
He walked her to the bus stop where he stood, holding her from behind kissing her neck.  At one point she turned her body and let her wet lips touch his.  He ran his fingers through her hair.  She would be the wife he always wanted.  A woman who he could grow with and change with over the years, and a woman who would never let him down.  He imagined her thirty years down the road in the image of an elderly German teacher he once had at university: slightly fat, but in a good way, and exuding a warm grandmotherly light like a kind old woman from a fairy tale.  When the candle burnt out in old age they would find new ground for love and togetherness, something powerful, soft, and ineffable: that thing he had never known but had always struggled to bring into existence.
That night he went down London Road to check out some of the old haunts he hadn't visited since before he moved in with John and Kristina and things had started to turn bad with Andrea.  Two of his favorite pubs - one by the station that catered to a kind of late-twenties bohemian crowd that played soul music and another by the waterfront that served cheap Guinness to Irish expats - had shut down and been replaced by a wine bars and a continental style café.  After walking through the Lanes for almost an hour he ended up at The Squid and Starfish, drinking until eleven and then going back to the hotel with nothing on his mind but the desire to sleep off his jet lag.  The Squid and Starfish had always been a place where he could have a few drinks and forget himself, but over the course of the last few months it had somehow changed and become uncomfortably emblematic of the days he was living in the flat on Astra Street after Andrea had disappeared from him.
The next day Thurston moved into the holiday flat.  He was pleasantly surprised to find it was in the middle of Fourth Avenue in Hove - a street whose apartments he had always coveted - on a block lined with old Victorian brick houses and large plush gardens fenced in by rows of deep green hedges.  There was a clean kitchen with new appliances and a living room with a bed and a couch.  The floor was carpeted and there was a row of tall teak shelves in the bathroom, each one stacked with fresh towels.  There was even a television and a linen closet.
He spent the afternoon preparing a Vietnamese style lemongrass curry, which he thought might recapture some of the spirit from the days when they first met and he would cook for her.  She came over at seven.  He was waiting on the outside stairs and watched her run in small hurried steps down the sidewalk as she approached.  She was wearing a different winter jacket than the other night - a cranberry red nylon parka that brought out the color in her face - and had a new handbag dangling from her arm.  He felt confident and natural as she approached, a sign that the trust had been regained and everything had fallen back into its proper place.  
“I cold,” she said, shivering.
He ushered her inside.  The table in the living room was set as it always used to be with red wine, fresh bread on a breadboard, a large fruit salad, and a bowl of rice.  The curry was simmering on the stove.
“Thurston, you always so good to me.  Oh.  Before I forget, Jason will bring sound system on Sunday so you have music.  I tell them we cook meal for he and Júlia.  Kristina come too.  I not want her feel left out.”
“No,” he said.  “I'm happy to have them all over.”
When they finished eating Thurston leaned against the sofa and pulled Andrea into his arms.  In a matter of minutes he had undressed her and they were making love on the floor.
“You my tiger,” she said.  “My big tiger.”  
It was as if no time at all had passed.  The Andrea that had slipped away, almost becoming a feared nemesis in her rejection of him and subsequent flat-out refusal to see him, had vanished and the old Andrea was back in his arms.  She put her underwear back on and turned on the television.  He pulled her closer to him.  It was the smell of her hair and her simple yet unyielding personality that invited him in to be a part of her, to be with her.
“I think when we get married I will have a big white wedding dress.  I think it will be so nice,” she looked up at the ceiling as if she were watching the flight of a marvelous bird.  “And we can have a little girl.  I want little girl.  What you think?”
“Of course,” he said, caressing her leg.
“Good.  I thought you already have kids and wouldn't want.”
“No.  I want to do it right this time.  I had kids too young and it fucked up my life.”
“I think you have hard life.  I want protect you.  That's what husband and wife do.  You should protect me and I will protect you.”
He put his hand on her breast.  For a moment he felt like he was suspended in warm air flowing through space in some timeless region where things like work and survival had no meaning.
“And I like the way you very smart and intense.  Like Peter.”  Peter was her ex-boyfriend from Hungary who played drums in a jazz band and moved to New York to find his fortunes, only to find that America wasn't even remotely interested in his outdated rock-fusion style of music.  She had always made a point of telling him that he was supposed to be one of the best drummers in Eastern Europe.  “He sometime play drum all day and not talk.  I stay in other room and listen to him.  I think you like that.  But you nicer.  I have my beauty therapy and you have science and book.  We be so good together.  You so romantic for me, too.  I like that.  I like flower and I like love letter.  Letters very nice.”
The next day Júlia, Jason, and Kristina came over for dinner.  Although the evening had the air of a showcase, a formal coming out of sorts meant to let the people in her immediate circle know that they were seeing each other again, everyone still seemed to have a good time and even stayed until one thirty.  At times he even felt he was amongst new family: Jason, shrewd and dark eyed, yet always waiting for a reason to laugh; Júlia, more serious and intense than Andrea with pale white skin and straight black hair; Kristina, cocky and self-assured, but sweet and insecure underneath her sometimes prickly surface.  
That night Andrea left with Júlia and Jason.  “No worries,” she reassured him.  “I have to work early morning and it easier if I stay with Júlia.  They closer my work.”  It seemed like a reasonable explanation.  He kissed her good-bye and walked her out to Jason's Mercedes.
Thurston woke up the following morning to the sound of a loud knocking at the front door.  He put a pair of shorts on and ran to the door to open it.  Andrea was standing holding a cigarette in her hand.  He invited her in.
“I just check on you.  I tell you I jealous girl.  You know you handsome and some girl might want you.”
“Come on,” he said.  “I came all the way across the ocean for you.  I wouldn't cheat on you.”
“You not know.”
Her doubts were both ingratiating and disturbing.  While on the one hand it was almost cute that she would come to check up on him - better she be jealous than not care at all - it also annoyed him that she would doubt him so soon after he had pledged his love and won her back.  It made him wonder how seriously she took his love and if it had really dawned on her how devoted he was to her. 
The following evening she came by with a bag of beauty products and a few compact discs.
“I give you face massage,” she said.
“Finally,” he said facetiously.  “I feel privileged.”
“You are.  Very lucky.  I tell my mother about you.  She say you and me have to live Hungary.”
“Maybe,” he said with consideration.  Although he was tied to his job he had always yearned to break away and do something different.  He had spent far to long on his career and wasn't about to let it ruin a potential opportunity for a few years abroad with a decent woman like Andrea.
“I not sure if I want move back, but we go in summer.  I told Peter about you.  He want meet.  I talked to him today.  It birthday.  He has new girl friend.  She beauty therapist as well.  I say it be funny if he end up with beauty therapist and I end up with drummer.  But I have you.”  She wrapped her arms around him in an overly protective way that he almost found strange.  “Now go wash face and shave.  You must shave good.  You always have bristle.”
He came back clean-shaven, a towel wrapped around his waist.
“Lie on bed.”  He lay down with his head near the foot of the bed.  Andrea knelt down and applied a hot towel to his face.
“Where did you get that?”
“Secret,” she said.
She stood up and walked across the room.  A moment later he heard the opening notes of something he found pleasant but didn't recognize.
“Sting,” she said.  “I like.”  She pealed the towel away from his face and massaged some cream generously over his cheeks.
“Be very still or I quit,” she said.
She whispered something he didn't quite catch and her fingers started gliding effortlessly over his face and eyelids, guiding his thoughts like a pair of gentle hands guiding the reins of a horse as they moved in wide and sensual arks across his cheeks.  Sometimes she pulled her hands back slightly and thumped her fingertips lightly over his forehead.  The sensation was like falling rain or the fingers of a tabla player.  When she had finished she asked him to go look in the mirror.  He came back with his mouth hanging half open.  The subtle crow's feet at the corner of his eyes had vanished and his face looked ten years younger.
“Ha,” he shouted from the bathroom.  “I look like I'm sixteen.”
“I tell you I good.”
Later that night he gave her reading lessons from a magazine he found in one of the kitchen cupboards.  Afterwards they lay in bed drinking wine while watching a movie about nineteen fifties soldiers being involuntarily exposed to nuclear blasts in Nevada.  Andrea was wearing a white undergarment that looked strange to Thurston, like a woman's bathing suit only made from a thicker cloth.  Her eyes sparkled in the blue glow of the television.  He thought for a moment that she looked like a Russian spy from a James Bond film.  “First of many lessons,” she said triumphantly when the film was over.  “First of many.”
“And maybe one day you could teach me Hungarian.  Other than fosz of course.”  It was the Hungarian word for penis and she had taught it to him before anything else in the language.
“That very bad word.  No tell my sister.”
She walked out to the kitchen and came back with a piece of French bread.  “Bread,” she said prolonging the vowel with a barbaric grin on her face as if she were taunting him.  She squeezed his nose in her knuckles and pushed a piece in his mouth.  “Bread,” she repeated in the same voice, only more viciously.  “You must eat.  Food is best thing in life.”  She reached down to his stomach and started tickling him.
Thurston rolled over and broke out laughing.  How could she have ever thought they were incompatible because of his higher education?  It was her insecurities, nothing more.  It was all about how you felt, how you were around a person.  What they brought to you in terms of how you perceived yourself in their presence, how comfortable you were or what person - or people - you became around them.  Andrea brought something out of him that he couldn't define.  Something sublime like stained glass, only more simple and child-like in nature.  Whatever the case, he liked who he was around her.  She made him into a person he liked and that was most important, the only thing, in fact, that would ever be important in his life.
He turned the lights off and slid into bed beside her.  He kissed her head and listened to the sound of her breathing.  He felt there could never be anything in life strong enough to separate them.  It wasn't that he thought this, hoped this, or even slightly expected this, but that he genuinely felt this on a level so intuitive it stood before him like a vision of another world.  When they fell asleep he felt they were a single entity, wrapped seamlessly together under the duvet.
Thurston woke up at ten the next morning and went to the bathroom, as he often did to start the day.  When he came out she was waiting with a blanket and a pillow.  “Come on, Thurston.  I show you who strong here!”  She threw the blanket at him and started walloping him with the pillow.  He collapsed on the floor in laughter.

Two days later she came over in the late afternoon wearing a frumpy blue dress that made her look exactly like what she said she was: a Hungarian country girl.  It was the night before she was going back to Hungary and just a few days before he was going back to America.  They sat watching a documentary about tornadoes while they waited for Júlia and Jason to come by.  
“Tornadoes scary.”
“One hit Colorado once,” he said.  He went on to describe how the outskirts of his hometown were hit by a series of three tornadoes in the mid eighties.
“Really,” she looked horrified and concerned as if he had survived a great holocaust and was telling her his story.
Thurston rolled on top of her and kissed her.  “You my tiger,” he said, clenching his teeth inimically.  
“You always very hard for me,” she giggled diffidently.  “Always want more.  I tell my sister this.  She think funny.  She thinks you nice boy and she laughs when I tell her how big you are for me.”
There was a knock at the door.  “My sister always late,” she said as she got up to answer the door.  “She always make up and perfume and not know if she looks good enough.”
“She's pretty.  Just like you,” he said.  He wondered if she had heard him.  After a moment of thought he decided he would be better off if she hadn't.  
She walked back into the room and a few seconds later Jason and Júlia walked in and sat on the bed.  After some deliberation they decided to drive up to Gatwick Airport to find a restaurant.  It was something Jason apparently used to do for fun when he was younger.  After a quick round of tea - something Thurston rarely drank but felt he should offer them since he was in England after all - they got into Jason's Mercedes and drove to Gatwick.  When they got there the airport was virtually shut down.  The halls were dimly lit and apart from the janitors it seemed like nobody was there.  The pubs were closed and all that was open was a Garfunkel's restaurant.
“It's so dark here,” said Júlia.
“I guess no flights go out late,” said Jason.
“Probably just overnight ones to Asia,” said Thurston.
They took a seat in Garfunkel's and ordered salads.  Fifteen minutes later they still hadn't come.
“Delayed by fog,” said Thurston.  Jason laughed.
Andrea, who wasn't listening, started laughing at one of her thoughts.  “You should meet my dad,” she said.  “He always walk around house in underwear.  He so fat.  He embarrass us when we were little.”
“I guess I'll meet him this summer,” said Thurston.  
“Yes.  You will meet,” she said.
On the way back Jason put a Eurythmics tape on his car stereo.  In a matter of seconds he and Andrea were arguing over which track to set on repeat for the duration of the ride.  Andrea wanted Sweet Dreams and Jason wanted one Thurston had never heard of.  After some argument Jason gave in and forwarded the tape to Sweet Dreams.
As they got closer and closer to Brighton Andrea seemed more and more distant.  At one point she started singing something in Hungarian.  Thurston leaned up against her, running his finger through her hair.  She turned her head away.
“I sorry,” she said.  “I already in Hungary.”
“That's OK,” Thurston said, although he felt strange.  It was their last night together for a long time and she was already somewhere else.  When they reached the outskirts of Brighton Andrea turned to him.  “I sorry,” she said.  “I don't understand my feeling.  I think I should just go home.  I too excited.  I not fun be around.  I think my period or something.”
Thurston relaxed and put his hand on her knee.  Her explanation seemed sincere enough and she hadn't been to Hungary for so long.  For a young woman who had traveled so little it was a big thing to be going away to her home country.
“Thanks,” he said. “I was wondering.”  He kissed her.  She smiled.
Jason, who hadn't been listening, turned around when they had stopped at a light.  “Shall we go to Orsino?”
“No,” said Andrea.  “I just want go home.  Just drop Thurston off and take me home.”
They drove to Thurston's flat and Andrea accompanied him to the door.  They walked inside.
“My tiger,” she said.  “You come back in February?”
“Of course,” he said.  She fell into him.  She felt like a pillow, soft and pliable, her supple form completely at the mercy of his hands.  It was a feeling he liked.
“It not long.  Christmas will be nice.  Then I come back and you be back in six weeks and then I go America...”
“And then I come back and we can go to Hungary.”
“Yes,” she said, beaming with anticipation.  He kissed her and she turned and retreated through the door, still facing him and smiling.  He followed her outside and waved to Jason and Júlia.  
Two minutes later the buzzer rang.  He opened the door.  It was Andrea.
“I forget purse,” she said.  He went to kiss her and he noticed she was wearing fresh lipstick.  She ran to get her purse.  They kissed once more and she left.  When the door shut he walked back into the kitchen and opened a beer.  The fresh lipstick was a dead giveaway that she was going out.  The thought annoyed him.  It was their last night together and they should be here.  Alone.  But after some thought he realized he was being selfish.  It was a big thing, an eastern European thing he had no conception of with his liberal North American upbringing, for her to be going back to see her family.  He had no right to intrude.  Júlia was following a week later and she and her sister had to be alone one last time before Andrea left and they were forced to be temporarily part.  He scolded himself for being so suspicious of her.  Then he waited an hour - enough time for her to have a drink - before going to Orsino himself.  He didn't want to risk running into her and creating an uncomfortable situation.
The next day she called to say good-bye.  “I sorry about last night,” she said.  “I go Orsino for half an hour to talk with Júlia about Christmas plans.”  He acted as though he was surprised to hear she had not just gone home, and then said that it didn't matter anyway as he had just gone to bed.  
“I call you at Christmas,” she said.  
Thurston smiled and made a kissing sound over the receiver.  Christmas was coming and his trip to England had surpassed his expectations by such a vast margin that he had no reason to be upset, but only reason to relax and look forward to the future.


III


When Thurston got back to Detroit it was five below zero but there was no snow on the ground.  The grass had faded to a pale green color and the trees had a thin layer of frost coating their branches.  There were already plates of ice floating on the river and transport vessels the size of small buildings drifted slowly by, no doubt on their way to the Atlantic to avoid the winter freeze over.  As soon as he was back to his apartment he unpacked his bags and within an hour he was asleep.  The next day he woke and took a long casual stroll into work.  He felt generally good about life.  He was happy to be back and even happier that it finally looked like Andrea would soon be his for good.  His nightmare at Sussex was over and he had no reason to worry about anything.  When he got to his office he caught up with his mail and made some preliminary plans for a course he had to teach in the winter term.  After lunch he called his travel agent to make a last minute booking to visit his family back in Colorado for Christmas.  He had been so caught up with Andrea over the last six weeks that he had neglected to make any concrete arrangements for the holidays.  The only flight available was scheduled to leave the very next day so he made the booking and wrapped up whatever things at work he could.
The next day, after a short turbulent flight during which one of the stewardesses spilled a glass of apple juice on his lap, his mother picked him up at the airport.  Over the next week Thurston did his best to thoroughly enjoy himself.  He helped his mother decorate the Christmas tree.  He went to a few small parties with some of his old friends from college.  He spent long hours walking through boutiques and shopping malls searching for ideal gifts for everyone in the family.  The promise of marriage, it seemed, filled his holiday season with much greater excitement than it had for several years.  
Two days before Christmas Andrea called from Hungary.  Thurston was still tired from a party the night before and had to clear his throat before he could talk.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hello,” he said.  “How's Hungary?”
“So much food.  So comfortable.  Maybe not even go back England.  So easy here.  Not like England.”
He smiled at the wall as he pressed the receiver to his face.  Having her stay in Hungary until they got married seemed like a much safer plan given what had happened between them in Brighton. 
“If you do go back when are you going?”
“January sixth,” she said.  “Call Júlia house and I will be there.”
“Will do,” he said.  Then he felt awkward.  It was the sort of thing that a nineteen-fifties soldier would say to his officer.  “I'll make sure to call,” he added.  This time he felt more comfortable with his choice of words.  They talked for a few more minutes before wishing each other a happy holiday and then hanging up.
The next week passed by quickly and, before he knew it, he was at the airport standing beside an obese woman with a black fish net wrapped around her hair waiting for his flight back to Detroit.  It was delayed for over an hour, so as he sat in the boarding lounge his mind naturally turned to his duties at work over the next three months.  The first six weeks before reading week would be the hardest, but once that was over he could go to Brighton to see Andrea, and then a few weeks after that she would be back in Detroit.  If he just kept his head down and worked it would go by more quickly.  When the plane finally took off he watched as the small farms and houses get even smaller against the white background of snow.  The stewardess edged past him and gave him a strange look.  He wondered if there was something in his face that suggested he was thinking of something she found offensive.  Maybe she thought he was checking her out and wanted to grope her as she had passed by.  As soon as this thought crossed his mind he wondered what it would be like to follow through and do exactly what he imagined she thought he wanted to do with her.  When the stewardess disappeared into the small kitchenette area at the back of the aisle he felt ashamed for having even entertained the notion, although it was really just the thought of the thought and nothing more than that, and it was she, the stewardess, who had started things by looking at him in such a way as to make him think he had been thinking of groping her when in fact he really wasn't.
A week later he called Andrea.  For some reason it seemed like longer than it really was since he last saw her.  Maybe it was the five consecutive ten-hour days at work with his mind focused exclusively on teaching, or maybe it was something less tangible and potentially more damaging to their relationship.  As he dialed her number he wondered with trepidation if she was feeling the same thing and if so whether this meant she was giving in and starting to forget about him.  He was strong and wasn't going to allow such a thing to happen.  Jason answered.
“Yes,” he said.  It sounded like he was giggling through his nostrils as he spoke.
“It's Thurston.  Just calling for Andrea.”
“Haven't seen her.  It's been nice and quiet around here for once.  I spent the last week or so alone.”
“Is she back?”
“No.  Not that I know.  She was coming in on a different flight than Júlia, but I would have heard from her if she was in town.”
“Strange.  She said she was coming back on January sixth.  Must've decided to stay later.  She called me from Hungary a few weeks ago and said she was having a good time.”
“I'll tell her to call.”
After five days, he still hadn't heard from her.  He wondered where she was and what had become of her.  Had she even returned from Hungary?  He started to worry, although he openly admitted to himself that if she hadn't returned, it was probably a good thing.  The less she was in England, the better it was for their relationship.  Only bad things happened to people in Brighton.  It was a coastal party town filled with Euro-trash pleasure seekers and shifty teenagers - a resting place for human driftwood.  Who knows what would become of her after years in such a place.  
On the sixth day he called Jason on the off chance that he may have forgotten to relay the message.
“She was actually here a few moments ago.  What's your phone number again?”
He gave him his number and waited by the phone for the next few hours.  Still no call.  A day, then a week later she still hadn't called, so he sent her a card with his phone number on it.  Perhaps he had forgotten to give it to her when he moved from the student house to the new apartment just before he moved back in November.  
A second week passed and he still hadn't heard from her.  After thinking about it for a few hours over a glass of warm brandy, he came to the conclusion that no news was good news.  If she had something urgent to say she would have said it.  She was probably just working too hard and with only three weeks before he left again for England, he had nothing to worry about.  And even if she was having some doubts, it was perfectly understandable given the distance.  So he decided to send her a bouquet of flowers to let her know he was thinking of her and wait to see what happened.  In the meantime he booked his flight back and secured the same flat he stayed in back in November.  All the arrangements would be the same as before except this time he had to pick up the keys underneath a gray mat near a row of garbage cans since the owner would be away that week.
A few days before Valentines Day he sent her a second bouquet of flowers.  It was bigger and had more pinks and reds in it than the last one he sent - an indicator that it was a special occasion that deserved to stand out from the other times he had sent her flowers in the past.  The very next day he found a red greeting card envelope in his mailbox with his address written on the front in Andrea's familiar handwriting.  He tore it open.  The cover of the card showed a drawing of two pigs dancing with little hearts floating above their heads.  It was simple and child-like, making him laugh out loud.  He would have sent her a more serious artistic card - a drawing by Chagal perhaps - but she stuck to silly more childish things – the very same things she brought out in him whenever they were together.  
He set the card down on the table and sucked his lower lip into his mouth.  He felt proud that he had resisted confronting her on her silence and forcing a bad situation.  She hadn't called for so long because she was either too busy or because phone calls were too expensive or, better, because she preferred the romance of his letters and flowers to talking over the phone.  
Four days before his flight to England she called.  He had just canceled his classes for two weeks and he was looking forward to a fresh and invigorating week away from the grind.
“Hello,” she said.  “I sorry I not call sooner.  I lost your number and had to call the directory assistance in America.”
“I gave it to Jason.”
“He lost, too.  He very busy and not have time.”
Thurston felt suddenly empty and lost.  Why had she lost his number in the first place?  Why had Jason not relayed his message?  Certainly he knew that he and Andrea had discussed marriage.  He would never have forgotten to relay a message from Jason to Júlia if the situation ever called for him to do so.  
“Did you get my flowers?”
“Yes.  Very nice.  Always nice flowers.”
“I got your card.  I like the little pigs.”
“Hmmph,” she laughed in her mouth.
“It's our anniversary - or close to it.”
“Yes,” she said.  Then her tone sharpened up an edge and became almost aggressive.  “I want talk about that when you get here.  I fed up with distance.”
“Sure,” he said uneasily.  Then it occurred to him that she might be pressuring him into marrying sooner.  She was fed up with waiting and wanted him now.  That was what she meant.  Even if she didn't, it wasn't a problem because when he arrived things would be good again.  Long distance in relationships only created problems, but problems that were only illusory and vanquished in seconds as soon as the couples were reunited.
“Can you bring me carton of cigies?”
“What kind?”
“Mild kind.  Any mild kind OK.”
“Anything else?”
“No.”
“Before I forget, we have to change your ticket.  I think sometime in early March for three weeks.”
“Must be second week.  I think fourteenth,” she said.  “Not later.”
“Why?”
“Just because.  I think sooner is better.”  Although there was a strange urgency in her voice that he couldn't link directly to any specific event or fault of his own, he had to agree with her.  The sooner was the better.
“I'll see you this Friday, then.”
“You be jet lagged Friday.  And Saturday my friend Sylvia who work Budapest with me in beauty therapy shop come down from London.  She really want meet you.  We can go for drink.”
“Sure.  I'd love to meet her.”
“I must go now.  Jason need phone.”
“See you.  Thanks for calling.”
“Bye,” she said.  Her voice reminded him of the lead actress in a film he once saw that took place in some Algerian slum in Paris.  It was a lurid, even scandalous film involving a dwarf and two women who had recently escaped from prison, and one he always thought of late at night when his imagination took over and his mind became unhinged.  
The next few days passed quickly.  The morning of the flight he woke up early and put together two sets of midterm exams for when he got back and then mailed off a few cheques for whatever unpaid bills had been lying around the house the past week.  Later in the afternoon lethargy took over and he started to wish that she was instead coming to see him.  At best the trip would be a repetition of what had already happened before Christmas.  Although this was good in a way, it was also bad.  Repetition - even of the best of things - meant stagnation and stagnation meant doubt.  In the ten days he was there she would only get a chance to reverse her decision to come to America.  He might do something that would disturb or even disgust her.  He might wear a shirt, for example, that she didn't like or say something that initiated some negative reaction that would convince her that maybe he wasn't right for her after all.  What really mattered was what she felt like when she came to Detroit.  That was the important thing.  As he packed his suitcase he wished he hadn't planned to visit her at all and instead was smart enough to buy her a ticket so she would have come over to America first.  The only reason he hadn't was because he thought he'd be too busy teaching.  As it was, he wasn't nearly as busy as he thought he would be and so it was starting to feel like a mistake.  All he had accomplished by putting off her visit until after reading week was to put more time and distance between them.  And it was these two things, time and distance, that he now realized were his greatest enemies.


IV


The day of his flight was cold and the streets were covered with a silver-black mirror of rain.  Thurston took a cab to Detroit Metro and waited in a small airport café for the boarding announcement.  When he got to the gate, most of the passengers had already boarded.  He took his seat at the back of the plane and within half an hour they were airborne and the pilot was already announcing the in-flight movie selection.  After dinner and drinks, he bought a carton of duty free cigarettes for Andrea and stuffed them under the seat in front of him.  Then he had a second glass of wine and fell asleep.  When he woke up they were already over Manchester.  An hour later they landed.  Once he cleared customs he collected his luggage and made his way to the train platform.  Just as he was about to purchase a ticket to Brighton, he realized he left the cigarettes back on the plane.  He ran back to the ticket desk and asked the attendant if he could check his seat back on the plane.  
“Wait here by this pillar,” the man said, pointing to a tall column in front of the service desk.  “I'll see what I can do.”
The man mumbled a few things into his walkie talkie and ten minutes later a tall brunette with a thin face and high cheek bones came up to the desk and whispered something in the man's ear.  Then the woman came over to Thurston.
“I'm sorry,” she said with manicured cheer.  “There's nothing we can do.  Someone must have taken them.”  
“So quickly?”
“Yes,” she said, smiling.  She looked like she was about to break out laughing.  “Unfortunately we're not liable.”  The man with the walkie talkie tapped her on the shoulder.  “Sorry,” she said to Thurston.  
She turned around and disappeared behind the back panel of the service desk.  Thurston shook his head and walked away.  Not only had he wasted fifty dollars, but Andrea would think that it was just some story he made up to hide the fact that he had forgotten to bring them.  
He made his way to the railway platform and caught the first train into Brighton.  After waiting impatiently on the taxi platform for ten minutes without having a single cab pull up, he decided he would just walk to the flat instead.  It was a good chance to save a few pounds and stretch his legs.  Besides, the daffodils were already in bloom and the air had the refreshing salty smell he always associated with the seacoast.  
When he got to the flat he was surprised to see Andrea waiting on the steps.  He dropped his bags and ran up to hug her.  Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes sparkled with the dusty blue of twilight.  She was wearing black synthetic pants and the same denim jacket she wore the last night he saw her before his trip to Colorado in the summer.  He kissed her on the lips.  She pulled back slightly, looking at him with the same mixture of reservation and curiosity as she might a handsome stranger.  
“You look healthy,” he said, caressing her cheek.
“I thought I would come and meet you,” she said.
“Let's go inside.”  He ran behind the house and looked for a mat in the garbage area.  Just as the manager said, there was a gray mat beside a row of garbage cans.  He peeled it back from the ground to find a set of keys sitting underneath.  He ran back in front where Andrea was sitting on the steps and then they went inside.
“Still as nice as ever,” she said, as she looked around the kitchen with an expression of sad nostalgia.
Thurston sat down.  “We should make sure that we change your ticket as soon as possible.  The departure date is in two days, so we have to change it by tomorrow.”
“It's at Jason's house.  I'll call him and tell him to bring it by.”
“This afternoon is best.”  He paused.  “So,” he finally said brightly.  “When do you want to come?  Is the fourteenth still OK?”
“Yes,” she said.  “I cannot stay too long.  If I leave too long I lose work.”
“You should stay at least a few weeks.”
“Two or three fine.  No more.”
“Shouldn't be a problem.
“So, will I see you tomorrow?”
“Yes.  You can meet Sylvia.  I will call.  You must sleep.”
She picked up her bag and walked briskly to the door with the air of a person who knew she wasn't supposed to be there and didn't want anybody to find out.  Thurston followed her outside and walked her half way down the block before turning back.  When he got back to the flat he closed the curtains in the living room and pulled out the bed to take a nap.  At some time later - he wasn't sure exactly when - he woke up to the sound of the phone ringing.  He picked up the receiver.
“This is Jason,” a voice said in an unusually high nasal tone.  It took Thurston a moment to get his bearings and figure out whom he was talking to.
“Ah,” said Thurston.  “I was wondering if I could pick up the ticket.  It has to be changed by tomorrow or it's no good.”
“I'm swinging by that way in a few minutes.  If you want I can drive you down to the travel agent and drop you off.”
“That would be great.  I hope it's not out of your way.”
“Not at all.”
Thurston dressed and waited by the door.  Jason pulled up fifteen minutes later in his Mercedes.  Thurston ran over to the passenger seat and opened the door.  Jason was wearing a loose cotton polo shirt that made him look like a person who might own a small yacht.
“Hop in,” said Jason.
“Nice to see you.”  Thurston got into the front seat and shut the door.
On the way to the travel agent's they passed a billboard advertising mutual funds.  “It's rather amusing,” Jason remarked derisively.  “The American mutual companies have all invested in the worst British companies.  They haven't a clue which ones to chase.  No matter how many bankers and executives they send over it's still the same.”
When they got to the travel agent's Jason pulled up to the curb to drop Thurston off.
“I guess I'll be seeing you sometime soon,” he said.  Thurston stepped outside.  Traffic was approaching from both directions.
“I'm sure we'll get together for dinner or something.”
Thurston thanked him quickly and shut the door.  Then he went into the travel agent's and made the appropriate changes to Andrea's ticket, having her fly out on the seventeenth and staying until the twenty-eighth.  It wasn't the fourteenth as she had requested, but it was the closest he could get.
Thurston stayed awake until twelve that night, going to The Squid and Starfish for a few beers to keep from falling asleep too early.  He wanted to have a long uninterrupted sleep so he could be in good form for his meeting with Andrea and Sylvia.  The next morning he woke up fully rested and made some breakfast from a basket of jam and scones left in the refrigerator with a welcome note from the owner.  Just as he was sweeping up the last crumbs the phone rang.  When he answered he heard some laughter and shouting on the other end.
“Hello?” he said.
“Sorry, it's me Andrea.  I just laugh with my sister.”
He told her how well he had slept and how nice it was to be back in England and away from the snow.  After a few more pleasantries she invited him to meet her at The Waffle House in half an hour.  He put on his jacket and caught the first bus into the city center.  When he got there she was sitting in the corner wearing a black turtleneck that made her face look much fatter than it had the day before.  She was smoking a cigarette and had a cup of tea steaming in front of her.  Thurston kissed her on the forehead and sat down.
Her smile dropped and her face suddenly looked older and more worn.  “I have to tell you something,” she said.
“What?” asked Thurston.  He couldn't imagine what she had to say that could possibly be so serious.
“There's someone else.”
At first he wondered what she meant.  “Really,” he said.  “Who?”  The phrase someone else echoed through his head after he spoke.  It sounded funny.  Someone else where? he thought.
“I'm not going to America,” she said darkly.
“What do you mean?”
“I said there was someone else.”
Thurston turned his head away as he absorbed the full impact of what she had just said.  Somehow it all seemed too impossible to be true.  “When did you meet him?” he asked, looking out the window to avoid eye contact.
“Not important.”
“What does he do?”
“Why?  If he not professor will you say he stupid?”
“Come on,” he pleaded.  “You know I don't judge people that way.”  He grabbed her hand and squeezed it.  “You mean you had me change the ticket yesterday just so you could say you weren't going to come?”
“I thought you would change it this afternoon.”
“Then why did you agree to it yesterday?”
“I didn't want to upset you.  You just got off the plane.”
“That reminds me,” he said, trying to maintain composure.  “I left your cigarettes on the plane.  I'm sorry.”
“You should be angry with me, not the other way around.”
He looked around the room to see if anyone was watching them.  Then he looked back at her.  She had a hard unsympathetic look in her eyes.  He felt completely helpless.  If he blew up in her face she'd run out the door and never see him again.  If he tried to be nice she'd think he was a push over and never take him seriously again.
“Will we see each other again?  I mean, after I leave.”
“Probably not,” she said in a tone that suggested she really didn't care one way or the other and that what they had shared together meant nothing.  He took the ticket out and put it on the table.  
“No.  Do not want.”  She pushed it away with casual contempt like some outlandish entree she hadn't ordered and wanted promptly returned to the kitchen so she wouldn't have to pay for it.
“Come on,” he said.  “You could barely know the guy.”  Her face remained unfazed, forcing him to back down.  “Is it serious?” he whispered after a long pause.
“Mmmm,” she said, thinking while shrugging her shoulders.  “Serious.  Maybe.”
“So you're going to stay in England?”
“No.  I think not.  I go back Hungary in June or July.  My parents want me start working there.  They want buy me beauty therapist shop.”
“What about your new boyfriend?”
“Maybe something happen,” she said, staring wistfully out the window.  He guessed she was referring to marriage.  “But I think not.”  
“So why can't you see me?  If you're going back to Hungary it can't be that serious.  For God's sake.  I just crossed the ocean for you.  A week ago everything was fine.  How could everything change so suddenly?  This is so out of the blue.”
“For you everything straight line.  Things happen.  That's life,” she said as if her emotions were completely beyond her control - something like earthquakes or forest fires that nobody could predict or take responsibility for.
“I must go,” she said cheaply.  She got up and started walking away without looking back as if she didn't care if he followed her or not.  He paused for a minute wondering what to do.  If he really did care he'd run after her no matter what she did, but if he didn't it meant she made the right decision in leaving him.  He put enough money on the table to cover the bill and hurried out the door.  If he could just give her the ticket.  It was still good for a few weeks and that was enough time to change her mind.  He caught up to her at the same bus stop they always used to wait at a year before when they just met.  He handed her the ticket.
“No,” she said.  She pushed it away.  “I not need.  Take back.”
“I can't.”
“Why buy it for me anyway?  I never asked for it.”
“I thought you were happy I bought it for you.  That's what you said.”
“Things change.”
The bus pulled up and they both got on.  They sat beside each other at the back, Thurston gently petting her head, trying to bring out that side of her that she must be hiding.  If this wasn't the case, then why had she sent the Valentines card?  And if she was so busy how could she even have had the time to meet someone new?  When they first met it took him seven weeks of regular dates to get anywhere with her, seven weeks during which she was single and unattached.
“Can we at least go out for dinner,” he said.  “I can cook you something at home.  It'll be like last year.”
“I will call,” she said.  “Maybe we can see each other Monday.”
Thurston got off in Hove and walked back into his flat.  When he got inside he spread himself out on the bed and stared at the ceiling.  What had just happened seemed far too shocking and bizarre to be true.  He closed his eyes and tried to sleep.  Just as he was drifting off a thought entered his head.  It was a thought he didn't fabricate or struggle to derive, it just appeared, springing up as if from nowhere.  There was no other man.  She had made it up.  If there was, why couldn't she tell him who he was?  It seemed to him that when women switched up they were always more than happy to brag about their new catch as if to beat their ex-lover over the head with a list of things he lacked but the new man had in abundance.  He's a lawyer and has a stable job.  He's affectionate and has nicer friends than you.  He makes two hundred thousand a year.  He's from Thailand and practices Buddhism.  He ran through every known case he knew of a woman leaving a man - on television, in his life, in his friend's life, in books - and every instance he could come up with was one in which the woman fully described the new man.  It was like a woman to do so, a subtle form of cruelty particularly feminine in nature.
He fell asleep and when he awoke - he didn't know how many hours later - everything was dark.  For a moment he felt lost and disoriented.  He stood up and felt his way around the room trying to figure out where he was and why he wasn't in his bedroom back in Detroit.  His hand hit a wall.  Then he felt a switch and flicked it.  The room filled with light and everything came back to him.  He was in England and Andrea had just left him once again.  He had to contact her.  It was five minutes to nine.  He picked up the phone and suddenly remembered that he didn't have her number.  Júlia was the only way he could get to her.  She was the key.  She would know what was going on and whether or not it was just some big cosmic joke.  He dialed her number but nobody answered.  So, he left a message saying hello to Júlia and asking Andrea to call him.  
By eleven he still hadn't heard from her.  Andrea was locked away somewhere in some form of existence he had no access to.  She lived in a house with no phone.  She was seeing another man or perhaps she wasn't seeing another man.  He had to contact her before it was too late, but had no means of doing so.  If they didn't meet while he was in Brighton he may never see her again.  Anything could happen.  She could get married.  He could die in an air crash.  Or she could even die - but he certainly wouldn't want that.  He had to prevent what had happened from getting worse, from pulling them apart even more.  Whatever man - perhaps it was Abdul and Valerie once again convinced Andrea that Thurston was bad for her – had to be stopped, if there was, in fact, a man in the first place.  He had to see her, write to her - anything would do.  Any amount of expression that could penetrate the wall she had built around herself to convince her that she needed him in her life and couldn't go on without him.
He waited patiently for the next two days, convinced she would call and everything would be fine, but by Monday afternoon he had still not heard from her.  When they had seen each other on Saturday she said they would get together on Monday.  If she still planned to follow through with her promise, it was leaving things rather late.  Maybe something had come up and she wasn't able to call.  Or maybe, an inevitable but much darker thought crept into his mind, she really didn't want to see him again and he was a stupid fool for thinking she might change her mind.  He waited by the telephone for six hours, watching television and drinking can after can of beer hoping that the phone would ring and he would be released from his suffering.  By ten she still hadn't called.  In a drunken stupor he went out to the nearest pub and drank even more.  Later, when the pubs had all closed and he was too drunk to get into any of the nightclubs, he came back to his apartment and passed out face-first on the floor.
The next morning he woke up to a hot and humid room.  He stood up and walked naked into the kitchen and turned the heater off and drank a glass of water.  When he slipped back into bed, the first thought that entered his mind was that he was a coward for giving up and just sitting by the phone all night.  He was only in England for another week and he could either take control of the situation like men in movies that always win woman's hearts, or he could let things stagnate, fester, and get much worse.  Whatever the reason - parents, cold feet, a new man - he had to convince her to change her mind.  His happiness depended on it.  In desperation he dressed and went out to the store around the corner - the same one where he had bought the ingredients to cook for her only two months earlier - and bought a card.  He picked up a flat of beer on the way back to his apartment.  When he got in he opened up the card and spread it out on the table.  He had to control himself.  He had to be composed.  But what could he say that would win her back while still retaining his dignity?  He opened up a beer and started scribbling on the envelope.
By noon he had composed a short note explaining how he needed to see her and expressing his profound sadness at what had happened, adding that he hoped it was all a mistake, an accident, or some story she made up out of fear of moving away from her sister.  He stressed that he could understand her need to see another man in his absence.  Her life was hard and she lived alone in a small room and the comfort provided by his letters and flowers was obviously not enough to give her the sense of security she obviously needed.  These things happen, he said.  I understand.  I'll forgive everything if you just come back to me.  How could you throw away all we've shared for someone you've just met?  He put the card in the envelope and posted it in the red letterbox around the corner.  
When he got back to his apartment he opened a beer and within half an hour he was overcome by the urge to write her again.  Maybe she would think the first was letter too clinical and controlled and take this as a sign that he really didn't love her that much and was just as happy to spend the week with party girls he picked up from the pub.  Before he even took his shoes off he went back to the corner store and bought her another card.  This time he had to be forward, honest and direct.  If he felt hurt, he had to say so.  She would respect his honesty and feel sympathy for him.  After all he had come half way across the world to see her.  Whoever this new man was - if he existed at all - had never had to prove his love to her.  When he got back to the flat he started to write.

Dear Andrea,
I can't believe what has just happened.  It was only two months ago that we were here in this very apartment talking about your wedding dress and the little girl we were going to have.  I remember your eyes, like two sapphires, glowing from the other side of the room as I worked on my computer and the television flickered in the darkness of midnight.  Your love was so special, so strong.  And now you say there is someone else.  I can hardly believe it's true.  Perhaps you've made it up out of fear of moving so far away from your family.  You know I'd do anything I can to make you happy.  We could live in Vancouver, Budapest, London.  I could buy a house in any of these places.  We can work it out, Andrea.  It must seem so impossible to you with me on the other side of the Atlantic.  But we can make it work.  I've got enough flexibility and money.  Everything could be pure and simple again like it used to be.  Nights of endless passion.  A house in London, Vancouver, Budapest.  It could all be ours.  

He put down his pen and reread it.  Somehow it didn't come forward with all the honesty he had hoped.  It sounded manufactured.  That was the danger with love letters.  It was so easy to sound fulsome and insincere.  I love you said nothing while I love you like a thousand flowers said little more.  It even sounded awkward and overdone.  But if he kept rewriting and editing the letter, it might sound better but it would ultimately come across as artificial and contrived.  He had to let his words fly.  Express his deepest feelings without reserve or shame.  He opened a can of beer and drank it in two gulps.  Then he started writing again.

Your love was a shirt woven of the finest thread and wool.  I wore it.  Your love was a pool of cool water shimmering in the light of a glowing moon.  I swam in it.  Your love was a candle in the midnight hours of my heart, sending golden lashes of fire though my entire being as it danced and flickered inside me.  Your love was a boat cutting through the furious oceans of my heart, smoothing out the harsh waves and riding through the warmest currents.  How I loved to lie beside you at night running my fingers through your hair as if each strand were the string of a magical harp.  How I loved the scent of your body and the shape of your face.  And your warm compassionate way.  I always liked the way you would constantly remind me to be kind to others.  You set me straight on my path.  You know I can live without you, but to live with you would be so much more special.  This isn't about Brighton, Detroit, Hungary or anywhere else.  It's not about day homes or Valerie or working as an au pair.  It's about you and me and nothing more.

When he reread the letter it sounded overblown and corny.  The metaphors were weak and the sentence structure clumsy.  He set his pen down and took a deep breath.  Maybe it was better after all to just send her whatever he wrote regardless of the writing quality.  Wouldn't his pleas seem more natural that way?  Shouldn't she admire his faults as much as his strengths?  Since she seemed intimidated by his strengths, perhaps putting in the occasional awkward phrase would be good.  It would show her he was just like her.  A simple man and a simple girl.  His less-than-impressive efforts at writing love letters were proof of this.  He sealed the letter and posted it immediately, confident that she would read it and realize her mistake in leaving him.
Over the next few days he tried to spend his free time - deathly long mornings and afternoons with even longer evenings, terrifying in their emptiness and gnawing sense of lack - doing things engineered to keep his mind off Andrea.  He had stated his case strongly and firmly and he had to retreat back into the fold and give her time to read the letters and let their words start working on her feelings.  Just sitting in his room - the very same room where she had told him only two months earlier that she wanted to get married and have a little girl with him - was a recipe for disaster.  If he stayed inside he would just stare at the telephone, willing, almost begging it to ring while he drank endless beers and cappuccinos thinking of some word or phrase that he had forgotten to mention in the letter that might have been the key to bringing her back.  He jogged in the mornings and took long walks in the afternoon through the lanes and down the water front, sometimes standing by the Palace Pier for hours watching the street entertainers and young couples as they strolled by with their sticks of Brighton Rock enjoying the breeze off the ocean.  In the evenings he'd watch television and eat supper - usually one or two sandwiches from the local grocery store, sometimes three or four.  Then he'd have a few cans of beer before going out to The Squid and Starfish or one of the local night clubs or discos, always coming home so drunk that in his artificial elation he was sure that Andrea would phone him the very next morning.  
Two days later she still hadn't called.  His new routine had already started to wear thin.  There was only so many times he could walk the same streets trying to convince himself that he was looking at the world through the new and virgin eyes of a tourist.  A city grows on you, he always thought, grows around you until it becomes you.  If you lived in Paris or West Virginia the end result would be the same.  You would be stuck with your life and all the people and buildings around you and the whole psychophysical composite would eventually become your life and therefore your trap 
On Thursday night, out of utter exasperation, he phoned Júlia's house.  Jason answered the phone.  “Is Andrea there?” he asked.  He wondered if Jason knew what was going on and found it strange – or possibly even amusing - that Thurston was begging for a woman who obviously didn't want him any more.
“No,” he said.  There was a gaping silence.
“Could you have her call?”  He heard Júlia in the back speaking in Hungarian to someone.  He imagined it was Andrea.  Who else could it be?  She was there hiding and didn't want him to know she was there.
“Yes,” he said.  “I will.”
“Thanks.”  Thurston said.  He let the receiver drop and fell back on his bed.  Just before Christmas it was like they were future in laws.  And now there was only this icy silence.  The distance.  The mockery.  The same apartment that was warm and cozy had become a prison.  He was isolated from everything.  Sitting alone in England with nothing to do and no way to contact Andrea.  If only she could come over and set him free.  If only she could tell him if there really was a man or how long she had been seeing him or how serious it was.  That was the cruel thing about life.  People you didn't know and most likely would never know – people like whoever it was she was apparently involved with - could act on your life in a harmful and destructive way.  It was like the way that the moon, a barren and lifeless object floating through space hundreds of thousands of miles away, could pull the tides of even the world's deepest oceans.  If only he knew the truth of what was going on in her life - or better, her mind - he would eventually come to accept the situation and then and only then would his life be normal again.  But this, he was starting to feel, was an impossibility.
The next day he woke up and dressed.  He was filled with a new, almost pathological sense of purpose.  He had only a few days left and he had to do whatever it took to reach her and make her understand.  He made himself a quick cup of instant coffee and without further hesitation went to the nearest florists to send her a bouquet of flowers.  The initial wave of cards obviously wasn't big enough to make an impression.  He needed something stronger and more tangible.  He selected the largest bouquet they had - an elaborate design with every color in the rainbow equally represented - and then, on his way back, he picked up three more cards.  By noon he had filled them all with desperate pleas of love and romance, each one elaborating on some aspect of the first two that he may not have developed fully enough before.  In each and every one he invited her over on Saturday evening, his last night before his flight back to Detroit.  If he could only convince her to come over he could cook her a meal and everything would be like it used to be.  Everything would be back to normal.
By Saturday morning she still hadn't called.  In desperation he lifted up the receiver and called Júlia.  If anyone knew what was happening it was her.
“Hello,” she said.  Her voice was kind and soothing.  She would help him.  She would understand.
“Is Andrea around?”
“I haven't seen her all week.”  This meant he had been wrong about Andrea being in the room when he called a few days earlier.
“Neither have I,” he said with blunt irony.
“I'm sure it's just because she's very busy.  Life is tough as an au pair - especially when you're independent.  I went through all that before I met Jason.  I can see you love her very much.  You've sent many letters.  I gave them all to her.  Perhaps you try too hard.  With flowers.  I mean sometimes the nicest thing isn't always the nicest, if you know what I mean.  It all seems like a fantasy to her.  Going off with some handsome man to America.”
“I really want her to come.”
“It must be very hard for you.”
“I have no other way of contacting her but to write.  At least she could call.  If I sound desperate it's because I'm leaving tomorrow.”
“That early?  My God,” she exclaimed.  “I am not sure she knows this.  I know she wants to see you.  You must be very angry.  I know I would be.”
“Yes,” he said.  No matter how much he wanted her, there was a part of him that was starting to feel angry and betrayed.  
“Are you staying in?”
“I'm waiting until nine.  If she doesn't call, I'm going out alone,” he said firmly.  Júlia was right.  Maybe he was just being too nice.  Maybe that was what Andrea had meant by his letters being too nice to believe in.  
“I'll try to tell her.  She doesn't have a phone at her house, but maybe I can run over there.”
“If you could, I'd appreciate it.”
He thanked her for her understanding and hung up.  Suddenly there was hope.  If anybody could convince Andrea to change her mind it was her sister.  An hour later the phone rang.  He picked it up in the middle of the first ring.
“This Andrea.”  Her voice sounded haunted and disturbed, as if it were coming from the depths of some medieval dungeon.  Yet it was somehow still soothing enough that it made Thurston feel more calm and secure.
“I'm glad you called,” he said with sincerity.  After the words came out he wondered if they might have sounded sarcastic.
“I get your letters.  Very nice.  But I cannot come.  Not tonight.  Tomorrow.”
“But, I'm leaving tomorrow morning,” he said, hiding his outrage.  How could she be so thoughtless as to forget when he was leaving?
“I not know this,” she said. “Why not you tell me?  I baby-sit tonight.”  There was a long pause like she was considering something important.  “Maybe I come after.  The people come back at ten.  So I can come eleven.”
“I'll wait,” he said.
“Eleven,” she repeated.  They said good-bye at the same time and he hung up.  He threw his jacket on and ran to the corner store to get some rosé and an assorted box of pastries that he thought she would like.  She would come over and everything would be like it was before.  All he needed was a few intimate moments in his apartment.  As strange as it may seem, he felt he'd somehow broken through to her.  He imagined for a moment that some higher force was testing him, trying to see if he could make up for what he had done to Stacey by proving that his heart was true.
At eleven the phone rang.  He picked up the receiver, expecting it was Andrea just telling him she would be five minutes late.
“Hello,” she said.
“Hi,” he said.
“I sorry.  I can't come tonight.  The people they just call tell me they get back at two.”
His heart sank with disappointment.  “Can't you come afterwards?”
“No.  I be tired.  You be tired.  Maybe I come in morning.”
“I have to leave for Gatwick by nine,” he said, trying to think of other possibilities.  Maybe she would come with him to the airport.
“I guess we not see each other then,” she said as though she was quoting a statistic.
“What if I changed my ticket and went home a day later?”
“You can?”  Her voice was suddenly infused with more excitement.  “I not think you can change ticket.”
“Of course you can,” he said in a worldly tone he thought might impress her and let her know in a small way that he knew the ins and outs of international travel and, because of this, would be the ideal man for a European wife about to move overseas.  “It doesn't cost that much,” he said positively.  But inside he felt like a fool.  He'd already wasted a hundred pounds changing a ticket for her she probably wouldn't use.  Now he was going to spend another hundred pounds on the off chance she'd change her mind once again.
“Brilliant!” she said.  It was an expression he had never heard her use.  It was so British.  She'd probably learned it from her new boyfriend while driving through the country in a Jaguar or Bentley.  “I will call tomorrow.”
The next morning he woke up as early as possible to make sure he could change his reservations from the flight at noon to the same one the next day.  After waiting patiently for the airline attendant to check availability, he finally got the green light and changed his flight for Monday.  Everything was cleared for a meeting with Andrea later that afternoon.  She phoned at ten.
“So,” she said.  “I think we meet at two.”
“Why not tonight?  I can make dinner.”
“No.  I don't think so for dinner.”  Something broke inside him.  Why had she made him change his ticket for just a cup of coffee downtown?  He held back his temper and breathed slowly into the receiver.
“Well, then come over for lunch.”
“No.  I think best I stay away from flat and we meet downtown at two.  No.  Two thirty.”
“Sure,” he said.  “The Waffle House?”
“OK.  I see you there two thirty.”
As he sat in his living room deliberating on how he would spend his last morning in England, his anger continued to simmer and toyed with the idea of standing her up.  He'd gone through all the trouble to fly across the ocean and then change his ticket at the last minute to accommodate her thoughtless attitude and a quick afternoon coffee was all she had time for?  He put on his jogging shorts and went for a run along the sea front to mull things over.  After half an hour of panting through gusty sea breezes he eventually decided it was best to put aside his anger.  Maybe she was seeing another man and was still under his influence.  If he really wanted her back the best he could do was be a gentleman and accept the way things were.  No matter how much he wanted to reverse the situation, getting mad at her and flying off the handle would only push her away.  And that would be a huge mistake considering there was still the off chance she might use the ticket.  They were so good together before he moved that any action that might regain that beauty was worth it, even if it meant weathering some amount of perceived abuse from her.  In his absence something had swayed her and all he needed to do was sway her back.
He showed up at The Waffle House fifteen minutes early.  On the bus ride he managed to bury all his negative thoughts - at least for the moment - and was feeling strongly optimistic about his chances with Andrea.  It was his last chance to turn a bad situation around and he was determined to make the best of it.  He ordered a beer and sat there waiting as he went over the various permutations of what could transpire that afternoon.  Half an hour later she hadn't arrived, so he ordered a second beer.  By this time his optimism was starting to fade.  After another half an hour he was just about to throw in the towel and leave when she finally walked in, waddling up to him in red sweats and a baggy tee shirt.  She looked twenty pounds heavier than she did a week earlier.  Her fatness seemed like some form of tacit rejection.  It was yet another way in which she had grown away from him, becoming a person for someone else and not for him.  There was a tired look in her eyes like she was sick of life altogether.  England with all its fashionable nihilism had worn her down.
“I'm sorry I late.  Bus take too long,” she said.
“Let's go to The Quadrant.  Where we first went out.”  It was a unique pub in the middle of Brighton with a deep blue exterior that was furnished with finely upholstered Victorian antiques.
“No,” she said with a pained and disgusting expression like a woman in labor.  He felt the urge to hit her, but stepped away from her instead.
“Whatever,” said Thurston.  They agreed to stay in The Waffle House and moved to a table in the corner.  When he sat down, allowing his arms to unfold so his palms were resting on either edge of the table, he suddenly felt stronger.  He noticed he was almost twice her size and she no longer looked like the ravishing beauty she once.  
She ordered a cup of tea and he ordered a coffee and a waffle.
“Your letters,” she said.  “I think you color things.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“You don't love me as much as you say.”
“Yes I do.  Why do you think I crossed the ocean twice for you and bought you a ticket?”
“I think you lonely and have trouble meeting girls.”
“You know that's not true.  You know how many lovers I had before you.”
“But you old now and afraid of being alone.”
“That's ridiculous,” he said.  She could never have been so off base.  He looked down at the table to consolidate his thoughts.  Maybe it was easier for her to think he loved her out of some need to cover up his loneliness and inability to meet people.  He looked up at her.  “I've not met anyone new simply because I put my life on hold since I moved to Detroit so that we could be together.”
“I still think letters are made up.  Nobody could love me that much.”
He grabbed her hand and squeezed it gently, pulling it towards him.  He sensed a tingle moving down her arm.  “Perhaps writing is fiction or artifice.  It comes easily for me.”
“See.  I tell you.  You just sit down and say all these things.  That's why I say you color things.  Love letters aren't true.”
“You said in November you liked my letters.  You said they were romantic.”
“I like.  But I not believe.  I think you exaggerate things.  I also think you think the world is against you.  You always think whatever happens is aimed at you to hurt.”
“How could I take all this otherwise?”
“See.  You think I ignore you to deliberately hurt you.”
“Is there really someone else or did you just make him up?”
“Maybe, maybe not.”
“That's what I mean.  You lie and hide from me and it hurts me.  Then you say that I'm too sensitive.  That's what gets me.  It's like dropping a bomb on someone's house and saying they're paranoid for thinking you're out to get them.”
“That's what I mean.  You color and exaggerate.”
“All right, Andrea.  I dressed up the letters to make them sound nice.  Would you rather I said let's fuck than I love you like a thousand rainbows?  It's part of the beauty of it all.  You don't have to believe me and I can see by the way you're acting that you would prefer not to because it's easier on your conscience.  But I do.  And if you marry this guy - if he really exists at all - you'll one day realize you made a mistake.  But, by then it will be too late.  So, use the ticket.  Come over to America.  Just be my friend.  Nothing more.  Sleep on the couch.”
She smiled and tilted her head affectionately.  “I just be your friend.  My feeling isn't right for lover,” she said as if her emotions were an autonomous being living inside her that she had no connection to.
“Then we're friends.”  He let her hand go.
“I must go,” she said.
“A hundred pounds for twenty minutes.  Thanks.”
She didn't seem to understand what he had just said and smiled as she turned to leave.  He paid the bill quickly and followed her out the door.
“I have to catch bus Júlia's house.”
“I'll walk you there,” he said.
“No,” she said.  “My feet hurt.  Must take bus.”
She broke into a light jog and he followed.
“Come on, Thurston,” she said as she moved through a crowd of people.  “I think my bus here.”
He caught up to her just as the bus was pulling up.  She turned around and offered her cheek.  He kissed her.
“We will see each other sometime,” she said as though it didn't really matter if she ever saw him again.  It was an attitude from her he was almost getting used to.  She jumped on the bus and waved.  He gave her a half nod and walked down Western Road.  In all the crowds of people rushing by he wondered if there was anyone who felt as bad as he did that moment. 
When he got to his flat he undressed and climbed under the covers of the bed and put a pillow over his head to block off all sound and light.  In a day he'd be back in Detroit facing the blank wall of a life completely devoid of Andrea.  The thought frightened him.  The thought of having nothing.  The thought of being filled with all that emptiness and uncertainty which only a few weeks ago was the promise of something else, something far more lasting and beautiful.


V


Thurston walked along the bank of the Detroit River until he reached a park that was completely bare except for two tall elm trees and a row of benches facing the water.  Looking out across the river, he stopped and put his hands in his pockets.  A transport ship with something written in Cyrillic on the side was drifting slowly by, cutting a series of V-shaped ripples across the mirror of the water.  He walked up to the shore and knelt down, reaching his right hand into the water.  Just as his fingers broke the surface the image of Andrea sitting at a table looking at the airplane ticket suddenly entered his head.  Although he was starting to lose hope, he had only been back a week and there was still an outside chance that she would change her mind and decide to come after all.  He continued through the small green park and past a row of fir trees.  He closed his eyes.  Her figure persisted.  It was so clear that he wondered if in fact it was actually taking place that very instant on the other side of the world.  Perhaps she was there, waiting for him, thinking about him that very minute and there was an unseen river of emotions running between them allowing him to feel what she was feeling.  
When he got home he picked up the phone and dialed her number.  What if he was wrong and she wasn't even thinking of coming?  What excuse could he concoct for calling?  The phone rang five times before he heard a click and then the hiss of the answering machine. 
He hung up the phone and went out to a nearby restaurant for an early dinner.  When he got home his answering machine light was on.  He rewound the tape and played it back immediately.  It was Andrea.
“Please call me very soon.  I wait at my sister tonight for you.”
It was already eleven there, and he wondered if it was too late to call.  He didn't want to wake anyone up, but her voice sounded so urgent he could always make the excuse that he thought she had come to some kind of harm.  He dialed and she answered immediately as though she had been hovering over the phone for hours waiting for him to call.  
“Hello,” she said.  He wondered if she had noticed he had called before or whether it was just some strange coincidence, perhaps related to his vision of her by the river.  
“Hi, I got your message.” 
“I look at ticket.  I decide I come America after all.  Júlia go Hungary so I go America.”
“I'm glad to hear that,” he said, holding back his elation.
“Do I need a Visa?”
“I'm not sure.  I'll check.  I hope not.  If you do you might not have enough time.”
“I also want to change ticket so I can see my cousin in New York.  I stay with you ten days and then with her for four.  I think that fair.”
The next morning he called the American embassy.  The only countries starting with H from which she would need a visa were Honduras, Hong Kong, and Haiti.  He phoned Júlia immediately to relay the news.  If he didn't act quickly Andrea might once again change her mind.  Although things seemed to be tilting back in his favor, it was hard to know her real intentions.  Maybe she was coming over just to take advantage of the ticket in order to see her cousin and would change her ticket as soon as she arrived so she could fly to New York the day after her arrival.  Or maybe she wanted one last look at him before she made up her mind for good.  But whatever her motive, the fact remained that he would see her again and had one more chance to win her back.  Getting her over to America was a major step.  If she came and liked it, then she might change her mind and marry him after all.  It seemed like a long shot, but it was still possible.  As long as he could get her out of Brighton for long enough to pull her away from whatever it was that was interfering with their relationship, he still had a chance.
Over the next week he concentrated on getting ahead in his teaching so he could cancel a few classes without omitting anything important from the course, thus making more time for her visit.  Every night he came home he half expected to find a message on his machine announcing in a cold and impersonal voice that she wasn't coming after all and had once again changed her mind.  But he heard nothing.  No matter how much he doubted the reality of her upcoming visit, it looked like she finally was coming after all, and would be with him - in his very own apartment even - in just a matter of days.
On the day of her flight he bought some small tables and a couch for his living room.  Since he had taken possession of the apartment he had put all of his disposable income into buying her a ticket and going back to visit her and had virtually nothing left over for furniture.  The loft style lay out of the living area necessitated minimalism, so no matter how empty it was, it still looked good.  He prepared a quick meal with spinach salad and tortellini - putting it in the refrigerator so he could warm it up when she got in - and picked up a bottle of Hungarian champagne and some decorative floating candles to celebrate her arrival.  Her plane was scheduled to land at four thirty and barring any problems with customs, she would be there to meet him by five.  He caught a cab to the airport at four.  He wanted to be early just in case her flight touched down early.  When he got there he waited patiently in the arrival lounge.
Half an hour later people started coming out of the customs area.  It started with one or two at a time followed by a long gap.  Then more.  After twenty minutes he wondered if she had missed her flight.  When he was almost ready to go over and check with the airline, he saw her face appear from around a corner some forty feet away inside the immigration area.  She walked out in short choppy steps looking around in stunned silence as if she had just woken up into a newer and more beautiful world.  She was wearing a green blazer he'd never seen before and an orange button-up shirt that was hanging down past her hips.  Around her neck was a new necklace with tiny dangling elephants.  He wondered if the new man had bought it for her, but decided it didn't matter.  She was here and now it was his turn to sway her in another direction.  Their eyes met and he opened his arms to greet her as she crossed the arrival lounge.  They embraced and he felt for a moment that it was only the circumstances surrounding her life in England had ever pulled her away from him.  
“I can't believe I'm here!” she said with exhilaration.  He took her luggage.
“How was the flight?”
“Long, but still OK.”
“We should get a cab.”
They walked outside.  He set the luggage on the pavement as a cab pulled up and she grabbed his hand and squeezed it.  Was it out of friendship?  Nostalgia?  Or was it a sign that he should make further advances later that evening?  He decided to wait to see what happened.  She was the one who broke it off and she was the one who had to initiate things if they were to get back together again.  As they drove towards the city, he felt almost embarrassed with the lack of scenery and the seemingly endless blocks of factories, old wooden bungalows, and trailer parks.  Certainly someone from Europe would find Detroit and all its surroundings bland and lifeless.
“Trucks so much bigger than in Europe,” she said with satisfaction.  No matter how desolate the scenery, she seemed to be completely enthralled and kept pointing at the silliest little things with the excitement of a little girl at a zoo.  The road signs were also different.  The houses were old wooden ones like in the Westerns she'd seen on TV.  Even the bleak industrial sections of West Detroit seemed to totally fascinate her.  
He pointed out Tiger Stadium and Joe Louis Arena as they passed by the bridge to Canada.
“Over that bridge is the Canadian border,” he announced like a tout guide.
“Oh?” she didn't seem to know what to say.  “American customs scary,” she went on.    “They ask me all sorts of bad questions.  I afraid they send me back.”
When they got back to his apartment he opened the door and set her bag down on the kitchen floor.  He flicked the lights on and walked into the living room.
“This beautiful apartment,” she said.  “So modern.  Not like in Hungary.”
“Did you eat on the plane?”
“Only a little,” she said.  
“I bought some champagne, too.  It's Hungarian.”
“Let me see,” she said.  He walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator.  He took the bottle out and handed it to her.  She looked at the label.
“Not know,” she said.
“Oh, I almost forgot.”  He stepped behind her and pulled off her coat.
“Such a gentleman,” she said.  He hung her coat up in the living room closet.
“Have a seat.”  He gestured to the futon on the living room floor, which was folded up like a couch beside the coffee table.  She went over and sat down.  He took a floating candle out of the drawer and put it in a bowl of water.  Then he lit the wick with a match and set the bowl on the coffee table.  
“What for dinner?” she asked with curiosity.
“Just some pasta and salad.”
“I'm sure very nice.  Always very nice with you.”
He opened the champagne and poured two glasses.  He handed one to her.  “I hope you enjoy your stay,” he said, holding up the glass.
She took a sip and sat down on the futon.  Thurston took the tortellini out of the refrigerator and heated it up in a pan with the sauce in another.  Fifteen minutes later they were eating.
“So good,” she said when she was finished.  Then she leaned over to Thurston and pushed him down on the floor.  “So, my tiger,” she said.
“What?”  He pulled back.
“I want make love with you.”
“I don't even have any condoms,” he said, surprised.
“Why?”
“Last thing you said we could only be friends.”
“Fair enough.”  She shrugged her shoulders candidly.  “How close store?”
“Around the corner.”
“OK.  I wait.  I do dishes and when you come back we can make love.”
He put on his jacket and walked out the front door.  She'd only been in America an hour and a half and she already wanted him.  It was so far beyond what he had thought possible that he almost doubted her sincerity.  What sort of woman would refuse to see him in England, claiming to have a new lover and seeming perfectly comfortable with rarely seeing him again, only to turn around and want him back two weeks later?  As he made his way to the nearest drug store he decided that it was too early to pass judgment and that it would be better for him to play things by ear, expect nothing, and see where the next ten days took him.  Maybe by then he would be sick of her and she would be begging him to marry her.  He had heard of stranger things happening between men and women, and the fact that she wanted sex was a turn in the right direction in anybody's books, even though it did cast some doubts on her character and motives. 
When he got back to his apartment she was sleeping on the futon.  He pulled the coffee table out and got a pillow from the closet, lifting her head up to put the pillow between her hair - slightly greasy from travel - and the futon.  He drank a glass of champagne and sat down beside her, watching her breathe as she slept.  An hour later he woke her up.
“It's only eight.  If you continue to sleep you'll wake up at some weird hour like three.”
“No,” she said, her eyes still half closed.  “I want sleep.”
“No,” said Thurston.  He shook her.  “I went to the store.”
“Yeah?” Her interest perked.
“Yes,” he repeated.  He smoothed his hands over her head and kissed her.  “I punish you for leaving me.”
“I like punish,” she said.
He hit her softly on the arm.  “There,” he said.  He pulled down her shirt and pressed his lips against her left breast.  “I like,” she said.  He unbuttoned her shirt and gradually undressed her, with every step half-expecting her to say that she was kidding and she really only wanted to be friends.  But the more he undressed her, the more aroused she became.  Before he knew it, he was kneeling down between her legs kissing her naked stomach.  
“I want now,” she whispered almost impatiently as if she found the foreplay boring.  
When he entered her it all came back and it was like it always was with her, loose and slow at first as it, but suddenly - he never why, maybe it was her perfume or the natural smell of her hair - everything got faster and tighter until he felt utterly intoxicated and his spine was tingling in waves of excitement.  When they were finished he wrapped his arms around her and watched her fall asleep.  The next morning he woke up first and made pancakes.  Her eyes opened as he was pouring the last of the batter into the frying pan.
“Just like in The Waffle House,” he said.  “But the syrup is better here.”  He took out a small bottle of maple syrup and brought her breakfast in bed.
Later that day they took a cab down to a car rental garage and went out to buy a new couch.  As long as she was around he wanted to make his apartment more comfortable.  As she stood on the display floor of the furniture store beside a group of American women he noticed that she looked weaker and more awkward than she had in Brighton.  
“I think this nice,” she said assertively as she pointed to a blue couch with a bright red stripe along the back.  There was something almost comical about the way she spoke, as if her feminine attributes - which were exaggerated in contrast to the American women beside her - were somehow incongruous with such decisiveness.  
In the afternoon they drove through the suburbs admiring the older wooden houses with their big lawns and mid-western patios.
“Why want live in Europe,” she asked.  “America much better country.”
“I don't know.  More exciting, I guess.  Older buildings.  More diversity.”
“But life in America I think much easier and nicer.”
“If you like Detroit, you'll love the rest of America.  Most Americans make fun of it.  They think it's the worst place in the country to live in.”
“Why? I think nice.  In Hungary and England you only get small place and not much opportunity for job.”
“I make a lot more here than I did in Sussex.  Wayne State treats me like someone important and I get a lot of privileges.  Virtually free travel.  Long holidays if I want.  I'd get none of that in England.”
They drove back to his apartment and went out for dinner at a Vietnamese restaurant a block away from his apartment.
“I feel much better around you here,” she said as she bit into a long slice of green pepper.  “I think in England I too busy and confused all the time.  Makes me nervous.  It's hard to feel comfortable when you're always worried about where your next pound is coming from.”
Her remark was more disappointing than encouraging.  It was only six months ago that they were perfectly comfortable with each other in England.  “It must have been hard,” he said.  Then it seemed he had just said nothing and whatever words had just dropped from his mouth were forever lost in some dark cosmic void.
That night they stayed in, lying side by side on his futon for hours caressing each other lightly while they watched a television station that seemed to show nothing but science and nature documentaries. 
“I like this station.  Nothing like this in England.”
“You'd get along well with my dad.  He loves nature programs,” he said.
“Not my dad.  He old fashioned.  All he like is work and food.  He have bad heart and doctor say he should slow down, but he not listen.  If he dies then I have to go back Hungary.  No choice.  I can't leave my mother alone.  She very nice person, but always complain about her bad daughters moving away.  I not know what to do.  I stay in Hungary and work in beauty shop they buy me and I make no money and I'm bored.  I stay in England I have to do baby-sit for job.”  She let her head drop in her hands.  “England bad country.  Always rain and English people have such small minds and I no like the way you never know what they think and I no like English face.  Small nose and no hair.  Awful.”
“I never liked British girls,” he said.  “They always flirt but they run away whenever you express any interest.”
“I think British girls cheap and easy for British guy but no like you because foreign.”
“Maybe.”  
A documentary came on about the migratory habits of whales and how sometimes they could be seen swimming off the shores of Vancouver Island.  She watched with girlish curiosity, her mouth gleefully hanging open as she listened.
“It's beautiful,” he said.  “I want to move out there.  Get away from Detroit.  The university's a bore and the city is too slow.  The west coast is nicer.”
At the end of the program she stood up.  “OK Thurston.  I move here.  You must promise me one thing.  You no travel very much.  I want husband who stay at home, not run around globe with girls.”
“That's what I've always wanted.  I told you I was ready to settle down.  I don't know why you always suspected I'd move away on you.”
Two days later they drove to Chicago.  When they got there the visibility was so poor they could barely see the top of Willis tower.  They parked and looked for a cheap hotel for half an hour in the blowing snow before giving up and deciding to stay in the more expensive, but more conveniently located Sheraton.  When they got into the their room on the twentieth floor she tossed her bag on he bed and turned on the television.  
“What are you watching,” he asked.
She didn't reply.  “Hello,” he said.
“You always have to talk,” she said sharply.  “Why cannot you be quiet for once?”  He went into the bathroom to shave.  Perhaps it was just the trip, but maybe it was something more.  That was the danger.  If he spent too much time with her - two weeks in a row without a break - they might get sick of each other and need some space.  Any relationship was like this.   But if she took this as an indication of what life would be like with him, then there was the danger that she'd magnify the few times they were on each other's nerves and take it as a window on their relationship as a whole.
“I think my period come,” she said with some trepidation.  “I have funny spot on my neck and I feel strange.”  She pointed to a small lump on her neck that didn't strike him as out of the ordinary.  But she always said she had bad periods.  The explanation suited him.
The next morning she awoke with a scowl on her face.
“Where coffee?” she said as though she was disgusted with him for not thinking enough to bring her some.  Thurston got out of bed and looked around the room.  
“I guess there isn't any, he said.  We can go down to the lobby for some.”  They dressed and went down to a bar on the mezzanine level that was serving free coffee and muffins.  He poured her a cup and then helped himself.  She took a sip and spit it back into the cup.  “Awful coffee.  I not want.”
They went outside to find a restaurant but every place they passed was either closed or didn't allow smoking.  Eventually they found a greasy spoon sandwich shop that served western breakfasts and allowed smoking at the back four tables.  They ate in silence.  He sensed she was thinking something he didn't want to hear, so he pretended not to notice.  When they finished they walked out into the street and she grabbed his coat.
“I must make call,” she said.  
“To whom?”
“Not important.  I need buy phone card.”  Thurston escorted her to the nearest grocery store that was open and she bought a phone card.  Then they walked back to the hotel.  Thurston checked out of the room while she made the call.  It was obvious she was calling her new man.  Why else would she be so cagey about everything?  As he waited in the lobby the thought crossed his mind that he should drive back to Detroit without her.  She was probably standing in the lobby that very minute talking to her new lover. Why doesn't he pay for her hotel and flight back, he thought.  
She emerged from the crowd with a smile on her face and kissed him, making him feel guilty for what he had just thought.  After all, he had no real proof that she had just called her boy friend, and even if she did, maybe she had just called him in order to break it off.  She got into the car and they drove to the nearest freeway entrance.
She tried to sleep for most of the way back, letting her seat drop so far back that the head rest was almost touching the seat behind her.  Thurston remained silent, trying to figure out if this was a sign that they weren't getting along or rather that she was genuinely was tired.  By the time they got back to Detroit the roads were clear and the sun was shining.  It appeared spring had come.  He dropped her off at home and picked up some groceries with the intention of making some kind of Mexican extravaganza - maybe enchiladas, or some other specialty dish he'd never made for her - that might help cheer her up and wipe away any bad feelings that might have developed between them while they were in Chicago.
“This very nice,” she said as they ate.  “I never have Mexican food.  Very nice.  And I sorry for today.  Bad coffee in morning ruin my day.  You have to understand that I a very moody girl and that tiny thing can ruin my day.”
That night they sat together on the futon in front of the television.  After watching the news for half an hour Andrea turned it to the documentary station.  There was a feature about a crazy woman who had poisoned her family for insurance money.  After that was a program about eastern block spies in London during the sixties poisoning dissidents with some toxin loaded on the head of a pin mounted on the tips of their umbrellas.
“I have to shoot Russian gun when I was girl,” she said.  
“Really?” he said.  The thought of her with a gun somehow seemed plausible.  
“No,” she said laughing.  “I just lie to see what you say.”  He punched her lightly on the arm.  “I punish,” he said.  Then he turned around and took his clothes off.  She bobbed her head back and forth in anticipation of his nakedness.
“You must get condom.”  He went to the bathroom and came back with a condom.  She was already waiting naked on the bed.  Just as he was about to make love to her there was an explosion on television.  He turned and looked.
“Oh, Thurston want watch the TV instead.  Come on Thurston,” she snarled.  Her face had an angry buckled look he'd never seen on her before.  He wasn't sure how to react.  “Fuck me while you watch the TV.  How romantic.”
“Come on,” he said.  He shut the television off.  She pushed him away.
“There is just something missing.  I don't know.  No spark,” she said.  “With new man there is nothing.  But with my first boyfriend there was something that felt right.”
“I know you phoned this new guy up this morning.”
“So, what if I did?  I tell you he not right for me.”
“Then why all this?”
“I know you right for me.  Just no spark between me and you.”
Thurston threw his hands up.  “There's always no spark with the old lover when the new one hits the scene.  Are you that naive?”
“OK.  When I get back England I move.  I know you good person.  I move to where there is a phone and you can call me any time.  I want be your friend.”
“You're just afraid to move to America because of your sister.  You know we were good together and you know we can still be good.”  He pushed her back on the futon.  She put up little resistance.
“OK.  I marry you.  When want marry?”
“This summer,” he said emphatically.
“OK.  Where?  America or Budapest or England?”  She said with an ease that made him uncomfortable.
“How about Budapest so your parents can come.”
“Good.  We get married.  Just promise me one thing.  You must move Hungary with me for one year.”
“OK,” he said, mirroring the simplicity of her responses.  “I think I'd like that.”
He touched his lips to her ears.  “You so good for me,” she said.  “I love you.”
He smoothed his hand over the lower end of her back and she pulled back coldly.
“What I tell him?” she asked.
He leaned away from her.  “I thought you said he wasn't right.”
“He want marry me.” 
“He wants to marry you?” He pulled his head back and squinted in disbelief.  Who was this person who just appeared out of the blue less than a month ago and suddenly wanted to marry her?  He imagined an aging and lonely divorce victim with lots of money, desperate to hang on to anything that could make him feel younger.  
“Yes.  He not right.  I guess I tell him that.”
The next day hung over Thurston like a dark cloud.  No matter what she had said about getting married, there was something about the way she had hollered at him when he turned his head to the television that seemed almost cruel.  After all, wasn't he the one going all out to prove his love while she was just sitting there basking in his attention and changing her mind whenever it suited her?  
As the day passed he avoided her as best he could, going out to run little errands while she stayed at home watching television and reading a book she had brought from England.  By evening she had lightened up and he suggested they drive to Ann Arbor to see a Jazz band for something different.  Thurston had never been there and most of his colleagues said it was the closest thing Michigan had to a “cultural oasis”.  
“OK,” she said.  “Jazz is best music.  I want tell Peter I see Jazz in America.”
An hour later they were in Ann Arbor.  After walking around the downtown area looking in the various shop windows, they eventually got hungry and stopped to eat at a Mexican restaurant.  In the middle of dinner she dropped her fork and walked over beside him.  She ran her hands through his hair. 
“I so sorry about last night,” she said.
“That's OK,” he said.  
When they finished dinner they decided to skip the jazz band and go back to Detroit early.  When they got home she turned on the television and watched it in complete silence for the next hour as he sat beside her on the futon.  When he undressed for bed she turned away from the TV and looked him over.
“I think I prefer smaller men,” she said.
“I thought you said I was handsome.”
“That was last year when I didn't know what handsome meant.  I thought it meant that you had a lot of girl friends.”
“I don't know how you can say that,” he said under his breath.  “You just walk all over me.”  His voice intensified.
“You just like my dad.  He always say nobody like him.  It's boring.  And all your love letters.  They're all the same.”
“I thought you liked those, as well,” he said.
“No.  Not really,” she said casually as if she had no idea what potential damage her words could cause.
The next day he drove her through downtown and then took her to Grosse Point Shores.  It was supposed to be one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in America.  If there was anything left to change her back to the person she once was, it was certainly this.  The streets were wide and the lawns large and green, backed up by enormous Tudor mansions with multiple garages and sometimes three or four wings.
“So different,” she said.  “Centrum so lifeless and this place so nice.  I think I want open up beauty shop here,” she said.  They went home and had dinner in a Hungarian restaurant, where most of the clientele looked like eastern block drug dealers.  She spoke to a few of them in her native language and as far as Thurston could tell she seemed to be enjoying herself.  When they left she grabbed his arm and kissed him.
“Those people awful,” she said in amazement.  “I never talk to people so rude back Hungary.  They disgusting.”
That night they sat in front of the television exchanging anecdotes about their youth.  In one story she explained how she and Júlia wanted new black boots for a high school dance.  But since they could only afford cheap rubber snow boots - Júlia green ones and Andrea red ones - they ended up going anyway and dancing in a small circle so nobody could see what they were wearing.  Then she told him about other relatives she had never mentioned before, people she assured him he would meet when she took him to Hungary at some point in the future.  For a moment he felt close to her and forgot all the bad things that had happened.
“I think I like being with you.  Making love nice but friendship more important.  Sex with you good, but I think now that my English better we get know each other more.  This very nice now.”
He went into the bathroom to take a shower.  When he came out he let his towel drop while she was sitting on the couch reading a book about Lesbian lovers she had found on his shelf.  She pushed him away and buried her face back in the book.
“What's the matter?”
“My feeling not right.  I think we not make love anymore between now and when I go.  My feeling change.”
Thurston dressed and started reading a book of his own.  Five minutes later she put her feet up on his lap.  He turned to her and started caressing her ankle.
“I think we be very good together,” she said as though to counteract any bad feelings her last comment might have caused.  “We good friends.  We good lovers.  We like food.  My sister like.  I think very nice.”
He pulled her sweats off and pressed his face between her legs as she dug her nails into his head.
The final few days of her stay passed as had the others.  Sometimes she was warm and engaging, and a few minutes later she would suddenly become remote and dismissive, staring into the television on his bed - something he found particularly galling - as if he wasn't even in the room.  The thought of ending the uncertainty and marrying her on the spot occurred to him, but he didn't want to force her into something she wasn't ready for.  She was obviously under pressure, he thought.  Pressure from parents, pressure from him, pressure from this new guy - if he existed at all.  He wanted their wedding to be strong and pure, not some fly-by-night affair that he would always regret.  

The day of her flight to New York he drove her to Detroit Metro.  After she checked in, they went into the boarding area.  She pulled out a cigarette and sat smoking while he paced nervously back and forth.  Just before boarding she put out her cigarette and collapsed into his arms.  She held tightly and sincerely for what seemed like over a minute.  Before she let go she kissed him and promised to call before she returned to the UK.  He walked her to the boarding lounge where the last people were getting on the plane.
“Thanks for coming,” he said. 
“I'm the one who should be thankful,” she said.  
“I know when you get back you'll do whatever you're going to do, but do you think you'll come?”
“I think I like and will come.  I just need a month to decide.  Need to talk to my family.  Ninety percent sure.”
He kissed her again and watched as she turned to join the security line, wondering in the back of his mind if and when he would see her again.  Her figure took on an air of unreality as he watched her present her ticket to an official and disappear down a long white corridor leading to the departure lounge.  For a moment it was as if she no longer existed and had never even known him or, for that matter, had never been alive at all.  People went away on holidays and sometimes died in accidents and never came back.  Was it really that different to leave and then die several months later than it was to just die without leaving, or to leave and live a long happy life but never come back?  What was that void, if not death, that separated people in life and never allowed them to come together again?  Was there something special in partings that edged away from the circle of death, somehow eluding it, or was a goodbye just death and nothing more?  As he walked back to his car he knew he would have to think long and hard on this question before he could ever come close to an answer or even just some kind of peace of mind.


VI


Thurston made himself a cup of coffee and went back into the living room to watch television.  He flicked through the channels until he found a movie on about a man who had given up his entire fortune to try and become a successful concert pianist, but failed miserably and ended up on the streets with nothing but a sack of old clothes.  Thurston watched the maudlin nineteen-forties production with only partial interest, looking out of the corner of his eye at the telephone every few of minutes hoping to hear a ring and see the flashing red light that might mean Andrea was phoning him from New York.  It seemed like the decent thing to do.  Phone him.  Tell him how much she had enjoyed Detroit and how much she liked New York and how grateful she was for the ticket he had bought for her.  Midnight came and Thurston leaned back on his futon.  The movie ended with a close up of the man kissing a dog on the nose in a park, a tear rolling down his eyes as he realized that love was more important than any measure of success.  Thurston threw his pillow at the screen and turned off the television.  No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't get his mind off of the fact that Andrea still hadn't called.  So he put on his shoes and went out to a bar around the corner.  After a few beers he came to the conclusion that she must have gone out for a night on the town with her cousin.  That was a perfectly legitimate explanation and there was no reason to think otherwise.  
By dinner time the next day he still hadn't heard from her.  So he did his best to convince himself she had spent the day sight seeing - which was a good thing, after all - and would call him some time later in the evening.  Eventually, when it was well past midnight and he had given up waiting, he went to bed, resigned to the thought that she probably got caught up doing something with her cousin and either couldn't find a phone booth or didn't have the time to call. 
She finally called three days later.
“I sorry I not call sooner,” she said.  “I not even call Júlia.  Too busy.”
“That's fine,” he said in a relaxed tone.  In reality he was fed up and felt like asking her why she had waited so long.
“My period come,” she said as if describing a change in the weather.  “But not bad.”  He heard a slurping sound on the other end.
“It sounds like you're chewing something.”
“Oh.  Just banana.  It hot here so I feel like eating banana.”
“What do you think?  Of New York, I mean.”
“Very interesting, but too big and busy for me.  I think I want come back maybe again and see, but not want to live.  Too busy.”
“Did you go up the Empire State Building?”
“Yes,” she said coolly.  He expected her to be more impressed, somehow.
“Amazing, isn't it?”
“Yes.  Can see so much.”
“What else did you do?”
“I spend time with my cousin.  She have to work so not do much.  But nice to talk.  She lives Queens and I take subway at lunch today meet her.  We have nice drinks and stay near Union Square.”
They talked for a few more minutes and she agreed to call him as soon as she got back to Brighton.  On the whole he was optimistic.  She wouldn't have phoned him if she wasn't sincere and it seemed that whatever had gone on with this new man was unimportant and that the major thing that had kept them apart was her parents and their desire for her to go back to Hungary.  Thurston chewed on his fingertip and looked out the window at the river.  As he watched the patterns formed by the wind on the silvery-white surface of the water he tried to imagine what it would be like to die in Andrea's arms.  A warm and comforting feeling moved through him and possessed him.  It was like lying in a bed of damp moss on a shady autumn afternoon.  The thought of dying alone had always frightened him.  It was a question or possibility he didn't want to face or even acknowledge.  Death beside a lover was the consummation of an eternal bond of friendship.  But to die alone was to vanish into some bleak white unknown from which you would never have any contact with anybody again.  He let his finger drop from his mouth and turned on the television. 
Over the next few weeks he worked on his lectures and started to prepare final exams for the courses he was teaching.  He sent Andrea a few cards to let her know that he still cared but wasn't necessarily pining away for her.  After several weeks he had still not heard from her, but he reasoned it was because she was thinking about what to do, trying to make sure she was making the right decision.  A full month after she left, he went down to the local florists to send her a bouquet of spring flowers.  He was starting to get impatient and thought it might be time for a friendly reminder that he was still waiting for her decision.  He selected the standard seasonal bouquet arrangement and asked that they be delivered as soon as possible.  It was midweek and by his calculation they would arrive by Saturday.  Then he called Júlia's house and left a message on the machine for Andrea to be there on the Sunday at eight PM their time so they could talk.  Although they had agreed at the airport to wait a month so she could discuss it with her family, he thought that it would have been nice for her to at least send him a card thanking him for the generosity he had shown her while she was visiting.  She had always - even by her own admission - been lazy, but whatever she was doing this time, laziness or not, was bordering on complete lack of respect.  
Sunday arrived and by the time he had gained enough courage to call her he was already assuming the worst.  As he walked over to the phone he convinced himself the most likely scenario was that she hadn't made up her mind and was probably going back to Hungary.  Most likely the high from her trip to America had worn off and she no longer felt any desire to leave Europe.  He dialed her number with trepidation, wondering if she had got his message at all.
“Hello,” he heard a woman's voice say.  It was high-pitched and at first he thought it was Júlia.
“Is Andrea there?”
“This Andrea,” she said happily.
“Just calling to see how you are,” he said.
“I fine.  The weather has been bad and so I not go out much.”
“It's been extremely hot over here.  Every day it's been in the thirties.”
“Funny to think America hot.”
They talked for the next few minutes about the relative merits of living in the US and America.  Thurston mentioned a news story he'd just seen about a man diagnosed with AIDS in Los Angeles who killed himself in public by setting himself on fire on one of the major freeways in protest of the medical system, which apparently wouldn't cover him.  She sounded only mildly concerned so he wondered if she had really listened to what he had just said.
“So,” Thurston said boldly.  “I guess you're going to move back to Hungary soon.”
“No,” she said emphatically.  “What I want say?”  She paused as if gathering the right words to make a major declaration.  “I want move America.”
“Really,” said Thurston.  “I...”  He paused, too surprised for words.  If anything, he was expecting the opposite response that she had decided to marry someone else and never wanted to see him again.  “If you want, I can get you a ticket on my frequent flyer points,” he said, testing her to see how serious she really was.  “It's no cost to me.  I know you're sensitive about me spending money on you.  You can change the date and the cancellation fee is small.”
“I don't just want visit.  I want move for good.  I want one-way ticket.”
“All right,” he said.  He wondered if he should ask her about a wedding date, but decided against it.  Maybe she just wanted to come and see how things went before committing herself to him.
“You still live in same place?  Detroit nice.  But maybe we move Vancouver.  Detroit still OK, though.  When you come again?”
“I'm not sure.  Sometime in the early summer.  Maybe we can meet up in Hungary.  I'm getting sick of England.”
“Maybe you come England.  Then we can go Hungary.  I just want see you soon.”
“I have a few things at work that might take three weeks.”
“Three weeks?  That beginning of June.”  Her voice gushed with expectation.
“Remember a year ago we went out for my birthday?”
“It seems like not very long in past.  Time move quickly.”
“It's moving fast here as well.  It was a bit slow when I first came.  I didn't know anybody.”
“Yes.  Always hard when you move new place.”
“Yes,” he said.  “But it's fine now.”
There was a pause and he heard her sigh.
“I got your flowers.  Always so nice your flowers.  So romantic.”
“I never know exactly what they send.  It's always at the discretion of the local florist.”
“So nice.  I wish you could see.”
“So,” he said.  “I should go now.  I'll book a ticket tomorrow.  One for you to come here and one for me to visit.  I'll look into a holiday flat as well.”
“Thank you for your call,” she said tenderly as she always used to when he called.  She made a kissing sound which Thurston did his best to repeat.  “Bye,” he said.  “See you soon.”  
He let the receiver down and took a deep breath.  That night he sat alone at home with a bottle of wine imagining himself walking through the streets of Budapest with her - streets he had never seen but could only guess the beauty of.  All his dreams would come true.  The days in Brighton reunited with her in a spectacular wedding abroad that would finally put an end to all the confusion and distance he had fought so hard to defeat.  All the men that came tap dancing their way into her life when he was away would be swept away once and for all.
The next day he got up at eight and went down to the travel agents to book his ticket.  He'd leave on June fourth and come back on the twenty-eighth, although he made sure he could change it so they had the chance of spending the summer together in Hungary.  Then he went into work and faxed the holiday flat property management service he'd used twice before to secure a place for the period he was in England.  Next he called Northwest Airlines to make arrangements to print a ticket for Andrea using his frequent flyer miles.  He set the date for the end of August.  It could be changed without a fee but he thought it best to pin it down for the end of August so it would give her a chance to wind things down in Europe before coming over to America.  It would also give them a chance to have a traditional wedding in Hungary where her parents, who probably didn't have enough money to travel overseas, could attend the ceremony.  
The next morning he got a fax from the property management confirming that they had a flat available on Brunswick Street which was just a few blocks away from the one he had stayed in before.  He called them up and gave them his Visa number.  Everything was set.  That night he sent Andrea a card to let her know that all of his plans had been made and that he would be there in three weeks and that he had arranged her a ticket.  In the afternoon he called an immigration lawyer to make sure he was doing things properly.  For three thousand dollars, the man said, she could have landed immigrant status in four months.  They didn't have to marry immediately - as long as they did so before she became a landed immigrant everything was fine.  She could step off the plane tomorrow and start working at a regular job without any problem.  That was the way America was, said the man.  A melting pot where everyone got a free chance.  The lawyer himself had once moved to Britain from Senegal but claimed that it took five years of interviews and racism to get as far as you could in America in four months.  Thurston was glad things were so simple.  
Over the next few weeks he did his best to enjoy the last days of his single life, going out as much as possible to make sure he would never miss it again.  One night he bumped into one of his students in a bar.  She was a slim dark-haired girl with deep red lipstick and small luscious lips he found attractive.  He had spoken with her on several occasions over the last few months when he bumped into her outside of class, but had never pushed it any further than that.  
“So,” she said.  “When is your fiancé coming over?”
“She's not coming,” he said out of the blue.  His heart stopped.  He had gotten so used to the thought that she wasn’t coming that he had just spit out the unconscious response automatically.  She looked at him strangely as if she thought he might be getting ready to make an advance and was just lying about his fiancé for a chance at a one-night stand.  
“Really?” she said with surprise.
“No.  Not at all.  I don't know why I said that.  Something must have come over me.  I'm going there in a week.”
“You don't seem too sure.”
“Look, I'm really sorry.”  He gulped down the remainder of his drink and turned to go.  “See you again,” he said.  He walked home and went to bed, trying to reprogram his learned behavior as he stared at the ceiling and convince himself one more time that she actually was coming over, this time for good.
The next morning he got up early and went directly to the flower shop.  He had to send Andrea flowers to make up for what had happened at the bar the night before.  Was it really his fault that he had misspoke on such a serious matter or was it just some kind of accidental slip?  If the latter was true, then he held no responsibility for what had happened, although buying flowers could be taken as an admission of guilt.  Whatever the truth was, he really wasn't sure, but if for some reason he actually was guilty of something, no matter how abstract, then sending flowers was the best way to clear the air.  By the time he reached the florists he decided that he couldn't go wrong in sending her at least a small bouquet.  At the very least it would make her feel good, no matter what the metaphysical implications of his thoughts and gestures were, while at the very best it would exonerate him from whatever infraction he may have committed against their relationship.
Two days after he sent the flowers, days spent free of any guilt or dark rumblings about his future with Andrea, he was alone at home reading when a sudden feeling came over him that Andrea was alone somewhere and desperately needed his help.  When he tried to form the image of her in his mind only a dark cloud with a distorted version of her face appeared before him.  It was too late to call her, so he put on his jacket and went around the corner for a drink.  But after several beers he only felt worse.  As the crowd thinned out and people started to go home a short Asian woman wearing enormous earrings and a white angora sweater approached him.  
“You're a very handsome man, what is your phone number?” she asked without any introduction.  
Without even thinking he wrote it down on a piece of paper and gave it to her.  She smiled and bowed slightly in the way a person would after completing a certain task and then left the bar without even saying goodbye.  It was only then that it occurred to him that she was probably a prostitute.  As he walked home he wondered what might have come over him to give out his phone number - especially to a woman who clearly had just one thing - something which was intimately linked to the destruction of his upcoming marriage - on her mind.
His uneasiness spilled over into the next morning.  For a change of scenery he went out for twenty minutes to the donut shop.  When he got back the red light of his answering machine was on.  He played back the message.
“Hello.  This Andrea.  Could you call me soon.  Tomorrow at eight my time.  Thank you.”
Although the tone of her voice suggested she was happy, he still sensed something was wrong.  He picked up the phone immediately and tried calling her, but no one was home.  
That night he went to a barbecue at Jacobsen's house.  While everyone was enjoying the first signs of summer ushered in by the clouds of fireflies dancing around the porch lights and the thick black air with all its soft winds and deep wet humidity, Thurston sat beside the hearth all night fidgeting and drinking the occasional beer to calm his nerves while trying to convince himself that everything was fine and that he was just paranoid for feeling otherwise.  Certainly, he reasoned, she was only calling to discuss their wedding plans.
The next morning the phone rang.  It was Andrea.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi,” said Thurston.  He tried to be cool.  “Did you get my flowers?”
“Yes,” she said.  I just call to say you shouldn't send anymore.  I got married yesterday.”  She said this with a sense of reckless glee that lacked any trace of regret or apology.
“What?”  It was obviously a joke.
“Yes,” she said.  “My personal life so nice now.  All I need is a job and I be happy.”
Somehow he remained calm, as though she had just said this to someone else and her marriage didn't affect him.  “I thought you said he wasn't right for you?”
“I not know him well then.  I moved in with him two weeks ago and we fall in love.”  She said this in a way that implied that she expected him to share in her newfound joy.
“Why did you ask me to buy you a ticket?”  
“Thank you,” she said.  She appeared to misunderstand him and thought that he was expressing his fondest wishes for her marriage.
“Three weeks ago you said you wanted to come to America,” he said in disbelief.
“I meant I wanted to come back some time.  I never said I wanted to move.”
“That's not true at all.  And you also asked me to visit you.”
“I think you like travel and come anyway.  You always just show up in Brighton.”
He wished he were standing beside her so he could hit her.  She knew that all those times he only came to see her.  How could she even say such a thing?
“So when I come in a few days can we at least see each other?”  His anger subsided for a moment and something inside him emerged that still wanted to hold on to her and for everything to have a nice ending.
“No,” she laughed in a bubbly way like a girl surrounded by a circle of fairies.  “I don't want husband get mad at me.  Maybe.  Maybe just for coffee.”  She said husband like she was making fun of him and rubbing it into his face.  She'd gone too far this time.  He sat silently on the receiver waiting for the next atrocity to come spewing forth from her mouth.
“I have to go.  I have a party to go to.  Nice wedding party.  Bye,” she said hanging up without even waiting for a response.
He set the phone down and went to sit on the couch, but before he got there he had already collapsed on the floor and was holding his face in his hands.  He felt bad but he knew he would only feel worse the next day.  And even worse the day after that.  That was how pain worked.  It started with a sting and grew from there until it took hold of your entire being.  He knew it was going to be a long time before he ever felt normal again.  If she had said three weeks ago that she had just wanted to be friends and loved someone else that would have been acceptable.  If she had even held off her wedding for a few weeks to notify him of her change of heart, that too would have been acceptable - shoddy and flaky, but still on the borderline of acceptability.  But to marry another man three weeks after agreeing to be with him and urging him to spend money and plan his summer around her?  It was the most disgusting thing he'd ever heard of.  It was so disgusting, in fact, he felt ashamed for having ever loved her and wondered why he had let her play games with him for so long.  For a moment he wondered if all along he had been dating a KGB agent.  Or maybe even a sociopath.  And who was the man anyway?  Was he some middle-aged lawyer with a mortgage and a BMW?  Or maybe a slick Latino with sideburns and a brass belt buckle?  He stood up and looked around the room.  It was morning, far too early to drown the sorrows, which had already started to seep through the hard shell of anger surrounding his heart.  He looked out the window and watched the Detroit river indifferently flow by.  He wanted to die.  Yes, he thought.  I want to die.  


VII


He awoke three times the night after Andrea had called to announce her marriage.  In the beginning everything was dark and he heard the sound of what he thought was a dog barking in the distance.  For a moment he thought he was somewhere else - somewhere other than Detroit, a place with large open fields, trickling brooks, and densely scattered trees - and that whatever had happened the day before was only a bad dream.  He fell back asleep immediately, certain that whatever it was that had happened the day before was some kind of mistake and would soon be undone.  The next time he awoke it was still dark and his room was cold.  His mind was completely blank and it seemed he was a sentient being with no corporeal manifestation, so all he had to guide him through the world were his feelings and impressions.  The third time he awoke it was light out.  He looked out the window.  There was a transparent fog hanging over the water and the entire landscape was completely still in a way that reminded him vividly of death.  He thought of Andrea.  Somewhere in that great mass of air and water that separated him from her was the answer to everything she had done and why she had done it.  It was now his life's sole mission to find out.
He heard a foghorn in the distance and looked out the window.  For some reason he felt a strong impulse to call Barbara.  Maybe it was because he knew that only she would understand what had happened with Andrea and only she could comfort him and give the solution he needed to go on with his life.  They hadn't spoken in over a year and were probably further apart than any two human beings could be.  But deep down inside he knew that this really meant they were very close.  He had once heard a story - he was no longer sure from where or if it was even true - of an American military general who had crashed in a helicopter in the arctic and in his last moments managed to use his radio to contact a retired Japanese general who had been his bitter enemy in battle and love (they had both been involved with the same Korean actress at different, although often overlapping, times) for almost thirty years.  The second general was at home taking tea in his luxury apartment in Kyoto.  The two men ended up talking for almost twenty minutes, during which many tears were apparently shed.  In the end each man admitted that a day hadn't passed in the last decade where he hadn't spent several hours thinking about the other.  They expressed mutual admiration and admitted that their respective lives had been shaped and molded by their strange and intense enmity.  Just before the wounded man's last breath, they swore eternal friendship.  A few days later his body was found beside the helicopter with numerous lacerations and a few missing limbs suggesting he had been devoured by a pack of wolves.  Perhaps a similar bond had developed between he and Barbara.  Although she may have been angry with him a year ago, she would probably be glad to hear from him and would feel that he had gotten what he deserved and forgive him.  Maybe she would even feel sorry for him and admire him for his nobility in pursuing the relationship with Andrea to the bitter end while putting up with her unpredictable mood swings and living through the humiliation of her marrying someone else behind his back.  Then she would forgive him for Stacey's death and they would all be friends again.  
He picked up the phone to dial Barbara's number and then put it down again.  It was too early and he didn't want to get her out of bed, but that really wasn't the problem.  Old friends often reunited over odd-hour phone calls from half way across the world.  What made him hesitate was something else, something deeper and much more complicated.  What if she viewed his phone call, and his whole attempt to marry Andrea, as a protracted attempt to win back her respect and get her back into his life?  It was less than twenty-four hours since Andrea had called him and announced her marriage and he was already thinking of using the event to garner sympathy with someone else.  It was scarcely better than using a death in the family to win sympathy points with a woman you were trying to win over, even if that wasn't the real intention of his call.  There was really no way he could call Barbara without looking like he was up to something devious.  Those were the politics of the situation and he had to accept them.
He got out of bed and picked up a pen and paper, reminding himself that he had tried to write a novel in Barbara's honor and she hadn't even done him the simple service of giving him the benefit of the doubt over a relationship with an obsessive compulsive woman.  Why even bother to call such a person, he thought.  What he really needed to do was send Andrea a letter to tell her what he really thought of her.  He sat down at his desk and started to write.  By the end of the morning he had composed several pages.  He referred to her as a disgusting monster with no soul or morals who fed off him for the last year while she secretly dragged her face around bars in search of fat balding men who lived in big houses, drove flashy cars and carried the right passport.  She was a walking atrocity, a thoughtless cow who he had somehow been stupid enough to love.  He put his pen down and continued writing on his laptop - avoiding hand written letters to give a more cold and calculated effect - berating her and her vile and unforgivable actions.

You claimed a month ago, he wrote, that you played up the sick mother thing and that it was more that you weren't sure about me.  You step over the line so many times, Andrea.  You take no responsibility for what you say in a relationship and seem to think your day-to-day mood shifts justify your chameleon-like behavior.  I think you would have married me if I had access to EU citizenship and hadn't left.  That's what you meant by saying I wasn't right for you back in August.  It's clear after the way you treated both me and your husband (who you've already been unfaithful to) that you cannot truly love a man.  How you could come over here, spend all my money and then leave without even a thank you and then a month later say you want to move here (we did discuss me buying a ticket and you agreed to it.  You knew I was going to buy you one.  I even sent you a card with some animals on it saying I was) only to get married behind my back.  Do Jason and your sister know what you did to me?  What about your parents?  How can you face up to anyone?  Why didn't you tell me?  Why did you invite me, a mere three weeks ago, to come and see you?  You think I like to travel a lot.  This is bullshit.  The only traveling I've done is to see you.  Why didn't you stop me from buying the ticket if you knew you would get married?  I can only think you were still considering coming over here and wanted to keep all of your options open.  It's really quite amazing.  But I was stupid to even allow you into the country.  I should have left you at Detroit Metro to get deported the same way you abandoned me in Brighton when I came in February.  Absolutely despicable behavior.  I can't possibly imagine how any sane person could be capable of doing what you did.  You couldn't even love this man.  You already lied to him about sleeping with me.  I feel sorry for this person.  You are even ashamed to tell me what he does for a living.  You will no doubt suck the life out of him like you sucked the life out of me.  Yes, Vampires do come from Hungary.  A long line of them.

He put everything he wrote in a single envelope and posted it immediately.  When he got back to his apartment he lied down on his couch and fell asleep.  When he woke up again it was almost one in the afternoon.  He felt refreshed and on the whole more positive about life.  With new clarity of mind he wondered if it had been such a good idea to write Andrea such a negative letter; perhaps trying to understand her was more important than just being bitter and sending her the letter would only drive her away even further and prevent her from giving him the kind of complete explanation that could give him closure.  He picked up the phone and called Júlia to ask her to burn the letter he had sent, but she said she felt it was better that Andrea understand how she made him feel.
“I just need to make some sense of this,” he said apologetically.  “Three weeks ago she said she wanted to be with me and accepted my offer for a ticket over.  She even invited me to come visit.”
“I don't know what to say,” she said safely, but with noticeable compassion.
“I just can't understand it.  So she meets this guy.  I come over in February and she says she's seeing him.  Then I say we can just be friends and she can come over to America anyway.  When she comes the first thing she wants is to sleep with me.”
“I didn't know this.  That's awful,” she said with remorse.
“I gave her a month to make up her mind and she agreed to be with me.  I thought a month was enough to get this other guy out of the picture.  If he was so great why did she come back to me?  Why did she still want to be with me after a month back in England after her trip?  Can't you see how confusing this is?
“You don't know my sister,” she said.  “She can be very dangerous woman.  What she did to you is awful.  I can't imagine it.  It's the worst thing she has done to anybody.  But you have to understand that she really does love you, Thurston.  She is just on another planet half the time.  I really never know what she will do next.”
“I guess it's my fault.  I tried too hard.  I should have seen the signs earlier.  I was involved with these two women before, one who got hit by a car after I broke it off with her, and felt so guilty I was prepared to do anything to make things work with Andrea.”
Her words gave him hope.  He felt comfortable speaking to her so frankly and sharing such intimate secrets with her.  It even seemed natural to speak with her, as most of his communications with Andrea since he had moved back to America had been going through Júlia anyway.  She was his new friend and a potential ally in the situation.  He had always liked her - even outside of his involvement with Andrea - and didn't want to pit the two sisters against each other, but it was still good to know how she felt about Andrea's actions and that she appeared to have sympathy for him.
He spoke with Júlia for a few more minutes and they agreed to meet while he was in Brighton.  After some thought, he decided Júlia was right and that he should let Andrea read the first set of communications.  They would wake her up.  Make her realize what she had done.  Then, a few days later after she had contemplated her wrong doings, he would send her a nicer letter to let her off the hook.  Later that afternoon he sat back down at his desk and started writing.

I am sorry for my harsh words.  No doubt you must have felt you were doing what you wanted to and what was best for you.  I hope you can understand how bad I feel and how after you saying you wanted to come to America on the phone how bad I feel.  I wish it never happened.  I wished that we could go on being in love and that I never had to leave England and let all this happen.  You must have had a tough life doing the au pair thing and living in a small room.  Your life must have been very confused and unstable.  You must have been sick of all the waiting and indecision.  I was prepared to marry you in August and take you back.  I've accused you of being awful, thoughtless, and even crazy.  I am sorry.  I would prefer to understand you rather than call you names.  I am just trying to see into what has just happened.  Trying to rationalize your behavior.  I've had many girl friends but in my head it would not be possible to discuss marriage with one girl and then marry another.  That is why your behavior seems so irrational.  Perhaps you were scared of leaving Europe and just wanted security.  Who knows?  I think you may not even know yourself.  But in order to move on I need to find out what really happened.  I need to picture your life.  Who is this man?  When did you meet him?  What is your life like?  You said you knew I was the best one for you when you were here.  You said that you always wanted to be friends no matter what happened.  If you have any decency left at all call me as soon as possible or arrange a time I can call you.  This has all been too sudden and shocking, especially since you said he wasn't right for you and I thought you would either marry me or move to Hungary.  I never imagined you could be serious about him, especially after you came over in March.  Nothing I guess can be more final than marriage and I hope you have a nice life.  But I still think it would be healthiest for both of us if you call me and arrange an hour or so to talk.  I know the only possibility is for me to stay out of your life and move on, but talking to you would make me feel a lot better.  I don't expect to come to England now, as seeing you and marrying you was the only reason I was going to go in the first place.

If the day before he wrote this letter he felt he had been too harsh and hadn't allowed her the chance to give him an appropriate explanation, the day after he wrote it - the morning of his flight - he felt that he had yet again bowed down to her and fallen into her trap, allowing her to get away with whatever she wanted to.  He was being taken for granted and when she read it she would only laugh at his subjugation to her and think of other - even worse - things she could do to him in order to push his patience yet another notch towards the limit - a region of his psyche he'd never really shown to her.  What was in the beginning a pure and simple love, a relationship in which he always seemed to be in the driver's seat, was now a maddening forum of humiliation and deceit.  How much further could she go before she broke down and felt guilty for all her lies and emotional transgressions?

He packed his suitcase and took a cab out to Detroit Metro.  After checking in for his flight he had a quick beer and waited in the boarding lounge.  An elderly black woman wearing a necklace with gold beads the size of grapes sat beside him reading what looked like a romance novel.  There was a certain sense of exigency hanging in the air like that in a hospital emergency room only lacking the comfort of knowing that a doctor or nurse would come and tend to you shortly.  He flipped through his passport and wondered if he should even bother going to England.  It would only hold misery and disappointment.  But something inside him demanded an explanation.  Perhaps if he went he would find out that it was all a hoax and that she never married after all and it was all invented as a way to test him one more time.  If this was the case, wasn't it enough for her that he put his entire life on hold for over a year and invested all of his spare money into going over to see her and renting luxurious holiday flats?  No.  He didn't want this to be true.  Of course he wished she wasn't married, but even if it was just a lie, all this meant was that she was far too untrustworthy and demanding a woman for him. 
His mind ran around in circles trying to come up with a possible solution that would somehow prove he wasn't a fool for loving her.  Maybe she was lonely and stressed from the duress of her existence and at the last minute she decided that she had to stay in England to protect her sister rather than cross the ocean for a man she had only met a year ago.  She jumped into the marriage out of pressure from an inferior man as a kind of safety move in snooker.  Why go for the long shot that could win it all - or just as easily lose it all if she had to return to Europe a year later unable to gain access to Britain where she could be back with her sister - when there was something cozy and safe waiting right next to her?  But if this were true, why had she not been decent enough to postpone her wedding?  Why had she said three weeks before that she wanted to be with him only to move in with another man just a few days later?  The thought disturbed him.  No matter how difficult her life was, she didn't have to treat him in such a thoughtless way.  Perhaps she was pregnant.  Or maybe the man was a Mafioso from Budapest that had threatened to murder her family if she didn't marry him and break off all contact with her lover overseas.  Such things were rare, but did happen.  
No matter what he came up with, insanity still seemed the most plausible explanation.  Women just didn't suddenly decide to marry someone else behind their lover's back if there wasn't something wrong with them.  However he looked at it all, every angle pointed in the same direction.  She was bad news and he had made a mistake to ever seriously consider a long-term relationship with her.  Whatever the reason - insanity, cruelty, or desire to get a quick passport - it didn't look too good for her.  However much he wanted to love her and free her from blame, he couldn't.  
The boarding call finally came and he entered the dense sprawling line funneling up to the departure gate.  As he walked down the long narrow corridor to the front of the airplane, a sad and deflated feeling came over him.  He wished there was some combination of factors or excuses, some magical code or secret key, that would reveal a scenario he hadn't thought of in which her actions were completely justified and would show him once and for all that the only reason she had appeared disrespectful towards him was that he just hadn't looked at the situation the right way.  Losing her was one thing, but finding out the truth of what had happened in his absence and discovering what she was really like - the barren plain on the other side of the lush Afghan meadow - was something far more destructive and difficult to face.


3. Budapest




I


When Thurston stepped out of the train in Brighton he slung his duffel bag over his shoulder and started walking towards Hove to the flat he had rented in Brunswick Square.  It was only half a block away from a student dormitory he lived in during the first two months of his appointment at The University of Sussex, a period of his life which now seemed so far in the past and utterly irrelevant that it could just as well have happened to someone else.  He called the owner from a phone booth and waited by the door until she showed up driving a silver sports coupe.  She looked much younger than he had expected, with long brown hair and a baggy green sweatshirt that fell half way down to her waist.  After a short conversation about the relative merits of living in Britain versus the US, she gave him a set of keys and showed him the flat.  The ceilings were high and the walls were painted in a warm orange color, like a Venice Beach-style rendition of a baroque drawing room.  There was a television and a portable stereo in the living room and a wide hallway that opened up to a bedroom, a kitchen, and a bathroom.  The bedroom had a full-length mirror and powder blue drapes with an interlocking vase pattern.  
When the owner left Thurston set his suitcase on the floor and climbed under the covers of the bed.  He needed to get some sleep before he could start to make plans for the next three weeks.  As he sat in bed he went over the various possibilities.  He had enough money to go to London or Oxford, but he had been to both cities so many times he wondered if it was really worth it and if it wasn't really a better idea to try somewhere newer and more daring, somewhere even like Budapest.  The idea was tempting.  He had planned to visit there with Andrea so the act of traveling there alone was guaranteed to catch her attention and send out a message.  The best revenge for being dumped was always to live well.  And what better a way to show her he was living well than to breach her territorial lines and visit her home country.  Women were like that.  They were territorial.  Even when they had new lovers they were still territorial about those they had left behind.  No, he thought as he drifted off to sleep, he couldn't go wrong by going to Budapest.  It was a calculated move, but in his position weren't all actions ultimately calculated anyway?  There was no way around it.  
When he woke up the first thought that entered his mind was that he should call Júlia.  Something of a vague memory of a dream still lingered in his head, a dream in which he had entered a secret code - his own secret code - on a machine and instead of his personal information coming up on the screen, the name Júlia magically appeared.  He wasn't sure if he had just dreamed this or if he had dreamed it a different night and had only just remembered it.  But the message was clear.  She was the link that would bring him some kind of fortune - he didn't yet know what.  Perhaps in calling her and asking her out for a drink he would find the truth about Andrea - who she really married and why.  Perhaps she would take pity on him and pressure Andrea into calling him.  Or maybe going out with her and Jason would make Andrea jealous and feel like she was missing out on something.  Yet that link could also lead to something else.  Maybe things would never be resolved with Andrea but he and Júlia would become good friends and she would usher him down a new conduit in life that would ultimately lead to some grail stone of good fortune that would change his life forever.
He dialed their number and Júlia answered.  “Hi.  I'm so happy to hear from you.  I wasn't sure if you were going to come or not.”
“I decided to come anyway.  In spite of what happened.  I bought the ticket and thought I should try to enjoy myself.”  He wondered if he believed her, but it was as good an explanation as any since he was not sure himself why he had really come and what he had hoped to find other than who Andrea married and why.  
“How long have you been in town?”
“Two days,” he said.  He didn't want her to know he called her almost as soon as he got in.  It would make him look desperate and pathetic.
“We should meet for a drink.  I am busy until Sunday.  But Sunday will be good.  Phone me back and we can make plans.”
He was surprised how comfortable he felt talking about Andrea, but he didn't want to push things.  It was a better strategy to let Andrea know in some indirect way that he was in town on a peaceful mission and that he wasn't on some wild rampage to shoot her husband and drag her back to America.  It was strange to think that Andrea could think this of him after all he had done to win her over, but women were known to be afraid of old boyfriends and sometimes for good reason.
Over the next few days Thurston slept late into the morning to catch up on his sleep.  Afternoons and evenings were spent wandering through the streets of Brighton reliving old memories.  Although his chances of accidentally running into Andrea were slim he secretly hoped he might see her walking along the beach or out of a pub or restaurant.  In the midst of these long and contemplative walks his mind often turned to the coming Sunday and what might happen when he met up with Júlia and Jason.  Maybe seeing them would bring some closure or finality to the situation.  Or maybe Andrea would come.  Although he wasn't banking on things swinging drastically back in his favor, he had to be prepared for whatever unpredictable turn of events life had in store for him.  
On Sunday morning, after standing by the phone for two hours imagining Andrea was in her room with her hand on the receiver just about to call him, he picked up the phone and dialed Júlia's number.  Jason answered.
“Hi,” he said.  It sounded like he was suppressing laughter over something that had happened just before he called.  
“I'm just calling about tonight.”
“Oh.  Júlia says nine thirty at Richard's.  You know where that is, don't you?”
“Sure,” he said, wondering why Júlia had made the specific plans without asking him.  Maybe she was busy or maybe it was the only time that Andrea could come as well.  
“All right,” he said, trying to sound happier than he really was.  “It should be fun.  I'm looking forward to it.”
He got to Richard's ten minutes early that night.  It was an upscale bar-restaurant around the corner from his flat that still managed to maintain a casual atmosphere.  He needed a chance to relax and compose himself should Andrea show up.  It certainly seemed like a possibility, especially since she might be afraid to meet him alone in case something went wrong.  But then again, why would Júlia and Jason risk the chance of a hostile confrontation?  Júlia and Andrea did have an unusual social style - like Andrea getting Júlia to call him a few days before he left for Detroit instead of Andrea calling herself - but was it really that unusual?  Probably not.  
Fifteen minutes later he saw Júlia's silhouette appear outside the window.  The lines of her face and the overall shape of her hair around her head was so close to those same features in Andrea that he almost thought it was her for a second until he saw a man who could only be Jason jump up from behind her and wrap his arm around her.  When they walked in Thurston stood up.  Júlia walked over with a smile on her face and kissed him on the cheek.  She looked healthier than before, still somewhat tense in the face, but with a much cleaner and more striking complexion.  Jason also looked good - perhaps showing his age more than Thurston remembered with clear lines around his eyes, but they were distinguished and dignified lines that imparted even more character to his dark and friendly face.  They shook hands.
“You lost weight,” said Júlia.
“Yes.  I haven't been eating five bowls of goulash a day,” he joked, alluding to the first time they met when he ended up eating far too much and Júlia asked him if he was always so hungry and how much he weighed. 
“You still remember that.  I'm sorry.”  She looked offended.  “When I asked how much you weighed I was only trying to be funny.  I guess it didn't come off.”
“I'm just kidding,” he said.
They sat down and Jason started talking about what had been going on since he was last in Brighton.  A few weeks earlier he had sold the flat - the same one Thurston used to live in with John and Kristina.  It had become too much of a burden and John was so messy that Jason decided to pack it in and give up trying to play landlord.  Júlia was studying English and was going into St. Martin's college in London a few times a week for a fashion course.
“I never exactly figured out what you do,” Thurston said.  I know it has something to do with patterns but I'm not sure what it is.”
“Somebody makes a design and I have to take that design and extend it into a pattern.  Then that pattern gets printed on a certain fabric.  So it isn't much, but it can be creative if I get a good designer to give me good pattern.  Just a link in the fashion wheel.”
“When I was in high school I always got fed up whenever anybody told me what to do.  I think I'd get bored in a job that wasn't either very physical or very creative.  I like to feel I'm doing something.  Expending energy or coming up with a new idea.”
“I never thought of chemistry as being that creative,” said Jason.
“It can be.  It can also be boring as well.  Repetitive.  Sitting in front of a computer surfing the web.  That kind of thing.”
An Indian man came and sat beside Jason.  They seemed to know one another and started talking between themselves.
“I was wondering,” said Thurston.  “I thought of going to Budapest for a few days just to see what it is like.  Could you give me Kristina's number when you have a chance?”
“Really?”  Júlia beamed.  “I think you'll like it very much.  I'll call her and call you back,” she said.  “I'm sure she'd like to see you.”
“Do you know what?” Thurston added.  “Next week is my birthday as well.  If you have time it would be nice if you could come out.”
“Of course,” she said.  “We'd love to keep you company.”
They talked until last orders, every one carefully avoiding anything having to do with Andrea, even though he was burning inside to know whom it was she had married and if they had even been with him earlier that day.  If he appeared healthy and composed, Júlia would go back to Andrea saying he looked good and seemed to be doing fine.  There was no way he wanted to give Andrea the impression he was devastated over her.  If he laid back and played it cool, she'd call for sure.
When the bar shut down, Thurston invited them to come by to his flat for a short visit.  He had some tea and wine and thought it would be a nice gesture.  
“My!” exclaimed Júlia as she turned to Jason.  “Why don't we live in a place like this?”
“Too expensive,” he said. 
“The ceilings are so high.”  
Thurston offered them some wine but they declined.
“We should go home soon,” said Júlia.  “We don't want to keep you up.”
They stayed for another fifteen minutes.  Jason gave him his e-mail address and invited Thurston over to his flat on Abinger Road, the same place he'd been sending all the things for Andrea, but had not yet visited.  
“Come any time,” he said.  “Just pop by.”  That was one thing Thurston missed about England.  It was OK to just drop over unannounced at somebody's house.  In America you always needed an invitation and rarely, if ever, got one.
When they finished their tea, Jason took his keys out of his pocket and stood up.  Thurston saw them to the door.  “Be in touch,” said Júlia.
Thurston poured himself a glass of wine and reflected over the implications of the evening.  It was a success, but a quiet one.  He had reestablished something with Júlia and Jason that would always be independent of Andrea.  This was good.  Yet he couldn't deny that he wanted more.  Some declaration from Júlia or recommended course of action that was guaranteed to bring Andrea back at least for an explanation.  No doubt Júlia knew a lot that could either help him or hurt him.  She had no doubt met this man and had an opinion of him - positive, or as he hoped more negative - and had a firm idea how Andrea felt about him, how long the marriage would last, why she married, and how she felt about Thurston.  On the phone she had said Andrea loved him.  Yet could he even bring the subject up around Júlia or would it be a violation of some higher sisterly bond or moral code he had not yet encountered or understood?
The next day he woke up feeling more optimistic about things with Andrea.  He was sure she would phone him soon.  Or maybe he might even run into her on the street.  That would be better.  It would be less contrived and the element of surprise would wipe away any feelings of awkwardness that might have arisen if they had instead planned to meet.  In the afternoon he visited the university, took a long run on the beach, and read the paper to catch up with local news.
The next day Jason invited him over to Abinger Road check his e-mail.  The house was much more simple inside than he expected - almost shabby, even.  The tables and chairs had a used office furniture look to it and the plaster was peeling off the walls.  So, this was where all my flowers went, he thought.  In a way it made him feel good.  He had always imagined that Jason lived in a veritable palace and if he couldn't provide Andrea with at least its equivalent she would never love him.  
Jason went out and left Thurston in front of the computer.  He checked his Wayne State account, but got nothing special.  Just the usual university announcements and short messages from friends.  When he was finished he waited in the living room.  He noticed the telephone had a function that saved and displayed the last ten callers with numbers and names.  He wondered if Andrea's number was on the list.  If Andrea really had married the number would be displayed under her husband's name - a name he neither knew nor had any means of guessing.  If she hadn't, it would still come up under her name, unless of course, her husband had moved in with her instead, although if she had been living in a shabby little room all along like she had said, this would seem unlikely.  There was also the possibility that she didn't have a phone at all, as she had indeed been saying all along, but in light of her marriage this now seemed like a cover up devised as a way to make sure he couldn't catch her in the act of cheating on him when her future husband was over.
Just as he was about to check the list of numbers Jason walked through the front door.  He moved quickly away from the phone so not to arouse suspicion.  
“Are you ready?” asked Jason.
“Sure,” said Thurston.
Thurston grabbed his coat and they drove back to his apartment.  As they were rounding the corner onto Western Road, Thurston turned to Jason.  He became suddenly tired of pretending everything was fine and it was a perfect opportunity to say something.
“I'm sorry if you feel uncomfortable about this.  But this whole Andrea thing is really bugging me.  I hope you don't mind if I say something.”
“Not at all,” he said with polite encouragement.
“I just don't understand.  Three weeks ago she wants to marry me and then she marries someone else behind my back.”
“We were pretty shocked.  I was sure she was going with you to America.  That's what it seemed like.  Then out of the blue she says she got married.  We couldn't believe it.”
“I've always been so good to her.  Maybe too good.  All along I'm feeling like she's this poor Hungarian woman working at a lousy job in a country that doesn't care about her, and then she does the unthinkable.”
“I know what you mean,” said Jason with remorse.  “It becomes clinical the way you have to mete out your niceness to keep things balanced.  If you're always nice to them then they'll take advantage and won't show you any gratitude.  Almost Pavlovian, relationships with these Hungarian woman.”
“I always knew that but somehow never acted as though I did.  But still.  That doesn't explain her behavior.  You don't just get married out of the blue.  Is she crazy?  Cruel?  Mixed up?”
“Flighty.  I think that's more like it.  She's just very flighty.  It's not totally hopeless.  I think she really likes you, but still you can't wait on the sidelines until she comes around.”
Thurston nodded his head.  No matter how much his common sense said otherwise, it was exactly what he wanted to hear.  Jason had just said until she comes around, and not if she comes around.  So, as soon as she gained her senses she'd want him back.  It was only a matter of time.  But the problem was that he was hardly an impartial observer and the longer he still acted like he wanted her, the longer it would take her to realize that she had lost him.  It was only human nature.  What he really had to do if he wanted her back was pretend he didn't care and just get on with his life.  But if this happened, maybe something completely beyond his control would change inside him and he would cease to love her.  Was this what it would take to get Andrea back?  To get to the point where she meant nothing to him anymore only to have her drop back into his life completely unexpectedly with desperate declarations of love and pleas for his forgiveness?  It would almost be better to never see her again so the mystery and secret essence of her love would be forever maintained as a dark and clouded memory that he could cherish like a family heirloom in a small box in some emotional attic he rarely, if ever, climbed the stairs to explore.
Despite his conflicting emotions, he spent the next few days waiting for her to call.  In an effort to keep his spirits up he continued his daily routine of running along the beach front in the morning and walking through downtown Brighton after lunch and then doing the rounds at his favorite pubs at night, still hoping to run into her or maybe meet some new woman who would take him by storm and give him the ammunition to forget about her - at least for a few hours.  But no matter how long he waited or how many pubs he wandered through, nothing seemed to happen to make him feel better.  Every morning was exactly the same.  He would wake up with a hangover staring at the vase patterns of his curtains as he wondered where Andrea was and in whose arms she was sleeping.  
The day before his birthday he went to an internet cafe by the beach front to e-mail Jason and Júlia and give them a message to pass on to Andrea.  He had been in town already for a week, a week in which she must have known he was there but she still hadn't called. 

Jason, 
Just checking out to see if your e-mail works.  Are we still on for tomorrow?  Call me at home tomorrow morning and we can set something up.  Also, could you pass this on to Júlia:

Júlia, 
It seems awkward going on pretending nothing has happened.  I think that maybe my first letter was too harsh and she might be afraid of seeing me.  I just think for closure it would be best that Andrea and I get together and talk for short coffee.  If you could do anything to convince her I would be grateful.  Thanks.  See you tomorrow.

After he sent the message he ordered a coffee.  He felt a great weight had been lifted off his chest.  In a situation where anything could have happened - mostly awful disastrous things he would be ashamed of for years to come - he managed to hold together and avoid catastrophe.  He could have looked up in the public records to see whom she married and then stormed over to their house to throw a brick through the window.  He could even have set their house on fire.  He had seen several stories like this on the news where spurned lovers had gone mad and ended up shooting someone on a dance floor or running someone over in a car and then killing themselves.  Things like that happened.  But they wouldn't happen in this case.  Not if he had anything to do with it.  He and Andrea would get together and she would tell him that one possibility he couldn't think of that would explain and justify her actions.  Then they could go on happily - Thurston feeling that she was at least his friend, and Andrea knowing that her marriage was more than just a farce built on treachery and deceit.
The next morning Júlia called and gave him Kristina's phone number in Hungary.  
“She has a great job in Budapest and lives in the city center,” she said.
He thought of asking if she and Jason had got his message, but decided to wait until they went out for dinner.  It was far more polite and natural if he just let them bring it up over a glass of wine.
“Jason and I will come at eight,” she said.  
After he hung up he thought about his birthday a year ago when she had met him at a showy Italian restaurant with wall-to-wall mirrors and marble floors, and brought him a card.  It was then that they decided to live for the day and not worry about the future.  It seemed so darkly ironic that he was never able to live for the day and a year later, after he had done nothing but treat her well she was now completely refusing to see him. 
That afternoon he went to a travel agent’s and booked a ticket to leave for Budapest in three days.  He called Kristina in Budapest and made arrangements for a hotel for the five nights he'd be there.  When he got back to his apartment he went for his usual run and took a bath.  
When Jason and Júlia came by to pick him up for dinner, he was waiting on the steps.  He walked over to the car, opened the door, and stepped in.
“So,” said Jason.  “We were thinking of a Thai restaurant...”
“No,” said Júlia.  “I think we should go to that vegetarian restaurant in the Lanes.”
“Either sounds good to me,” said Thurston.
“I think the vegetarian is best,” said Júlia imperiously.  For the first time he noticed that she was a much more controlling woman than Andrea.  Andrea was bigger and physically stronger, but more of the type of woman to just go along with and accept what other people were doing.  That's one reason Thurston liked her.  She never asked him to be anything else than what he was.  She liked him the way he was - or at least it had seemed that way.
They parked in an underground lot downtown and walked a few blocks to the restaurant.  The inside was done in warm sienna and the floors were made of sanded wooden planks and the walls were decorated with uneventful abstract art that did nothing to threaten the casual look the management was obviously trying to achieve.  Ten minutes later a waiter showed them to a table in the non-smoking section.
“I will have to go out to the front hall to smoke every few minutes,” said Júlia.
“Andrea had a hard time in Chicago.  It's virtually illegal to smoke there - anywhere.”
“Really,” said Jason in mild disgust.  “Typical uptight American behavior.”
“I know,” said Thurston.  He never liked that aspect of America.  Whatever Americans believed was right at any particular time was always packaged as the ultimate good, whether it was bombing some small dictatorship in the middle of the desert, going to church on Sundays, or dropping acid in a roach-infested basement in Oakland.
They ordered a bottle of wine and a few plates of hors d'oeuvres as they decided on the main course.  As the evening wore on the conversation moved from sports to travel and then to art and religion.  The waiter was visibly attracted to Júlia and hovered around her with questions about Eastern Europe and Budapest every time he walked past the table.  When they finished dinner Jason suddenly assumed a more serious tone.
“We got your e-mail,” he said, politely prompting Júlia.
Júlia just smiled coldly and stood up.  “I have to go for a smoke.  You can come if you want.”  Taking it a cue for a private conversation, Thurston followed her out to the front hall.  
“So,” he said.  “I was just thinking that it might be nice to talk to Andrea before I go back.  I feel bad about the letters I sent and I know I have to get on with things, but I think it would be good for both of us if we see each other.”
“I talked to her,” she said bluntly.  “She says she feels very bad and does not want to see you.  She says you should just get on with your life.  I know you might not like this but I did my best and I can't tell her what to do.  I hardly talk to her and that's what she said.”
She turned and walked toward the bathroom.  A moment later Jason came back.  He had a look on his face that suggested he knew what Júlia had just told him.  “I'm sorry about Andrea,” he said.  “Maybe you should write her a letter.  Just a short hand written message.  An e-mail can be pretty impersonal.  If you send it to me I'll make sure she gets it.  Or...did Júlia give you her number?”
“I wasn't going to ask.  From the tone of her voice I didn't think she'd give it out.”
“Maybe I can get it for you.”
“I'd appreciate it.  I just don't understand any of this.  Who did she even marry?”
“You know, marry me baby and you won't have to go back to Hungary.  These girls are afraid of going back and would do anything to stay.  The conditions are so awful.”
Thurston felt suddenly vindicated.  Jason's had virtually said she didn't love her new husband and had only married him to stay.  She wanted to come to America but was afraid and under his pressure and her fear of coming to America and returning to Hungary she had married him. 
“Maybe it's just too close to the moment,” said Thurston.  “It just seems like such a shame.  Like, she doesn't even want to talk.”
“It's horrible of her.”
Júlia came back and they paid the bill.  On the way back they stopped for a drink at Richard's.  The bar area was almost empty and the soft golden lights filled the air with a warm and comforting glow.  They walked up to the bar and took three adjacent stools.  Thurston found the change of atmosphere relaxing.  For a moment it seemed like his darkness had lifted.  There was still the chance of the letter making a difference.  Jason would give it to her and everything would be good again.  
As the evening passed Júlia seemed to get more and more comfortable with the situation.  Several times she smiled warmly as Thurston elaborated on some aspect of her sister's personality or anecdote from her visit in a positive and flattering light as if nothing bad had happened since.
“Can't you see,” he said to Júlia as the bell rang for last orders.  “She's got nothing to be afraid of.  But maybe she just wants me to hate her.  Maybe she wants to make me angry.”  He looked at Júlia who was staring at the floor.  He could tell he was already pushing things.  “I'm sorry,” he said.  “I appreciate you coming out for my birthday.”
They dropped Thurston off at his door.  “When are you going to Hungary?” she asked.  “In three days.”
“Call us when you get back.”
“I will,” he said.  
He turned and walked inside.  The next morning he got up as early as he could and bought a card from the local store.  He went back to his apartment and started to write.

Dear Andrea,
Júlia said you didn't want to see me.  It would be far easier for me to go on and find someone else if we talked.  I just need to understand you.  I think you would feel better too.  Then we can part ways or be friends later. 

He wrote down his phone number at the apartment and mentioned his upcoming trip to Hungary, saying he wished she were still coming with him.  Then he sealed it and dropped it off at the nearest letterbox before going back to his apartment.  For some reason he felt optimistic about the future.  In a few days he would be with Kristina in Budapest and then everything would come together.  He'd see Andrea's homeland and she would feel jealous that he was there with Kristina and not her.  It was his signal to her that although he missed her, he was still going to go on without her.


II


The airport in Budapest was smaller than Thurston expected.  He picked up his suitcase from the baggage claim and caught the first shuttle into the city.  As they drove by a large billboard displaying an ad for what looked like a popular brand of Hungarian milk, an overwhelming feeling like something new was going to happen in his life came over him, a feeling of intrigue expressing itself as a kind of foreknowledge or promise of restoring the luster that had unwittingly faded from his life since the days when he had first met Andrea.  They passed by small communities with strange houses featuring simplified pagoda-like roofs and plastered walls like one would see in Mexico.  The smaller houses gave way to rows of identical communist style apartment blocks stretching off in the distance like dominoes.  They crossed a bridge by a large wooded area before rounding a corner into an area with narrow European-style streets and tall stone buildings, intricate patterns carved into the pillars and arches.  Ten minutes later the shuttle stopped in front of a hotel situated beside a fenced in park.  He got out, paid the driver and collected his suitcase.  
The hotel room was small with a television and a private bathroom.  After a short nap he flipped through the television stations.  A few channels showed German-dubbed versions of American sitcoms.  When he got hungry he went around the corner to see if he could find a cheap restaurant.  Outside people were gathering in small groups in the streets.  Although their faces were all small and carried intensely guarded expressions, there seemed to be no local look or genotype.  Some women were blonde with light skin and others had darker hair with light skin or even tanned, slightly reddish skin.  The only unifying feature seemed to be bold and slanted eyebrows, something he'd always found attractive.  He walked half a block and found a Burger King.  Although he would have preferred something more local or unusual, he was so hungry it would have to do.  He went in and ordered a Whopper with fries and coke.  When he finished eating he went around the corner to an outdoor beer garden called Night and Day and took a seat at a table, watching the crowds walk by as they geared up for a Friday night.  People stopped each other and whispered, sometimes even shouted things, as if something big was about to happen, some great concert or citywide rave in a secret location only spread by word of mouth.  He ordered small beer after small beer as he watched them go by.  Groups of attractive women wearing tall platform sneakers would come in and take a table beside him. Men would stop and talk to them for a few minutes before going their way.  He had to meet some new woman, he thought, even for a one-night stand.  It was the only thing that could save him from his pain over Andrea.  If he didn't he'd always feel he should have if she ever came back to him.  It wasn't that he really wanted to, as he was still in shock over what had happened with Andrea, but in order to regain his independence and self-respect, he simply had to.
At about eleven, a woman with long black hair falling playfully over her sensual dark eyes, which were highlighted by her dark thin eyebrows, walked in with a friend and sat down at a nearby table.  She had pale white cheeks and a friendly smile.  He watched her talking to her friend.  Her eyes at first seemed hard and aggressive in turns.  He imagined that she was vulnerable and caring inside and had only developed this harsh gaze as some form of protection from the iniquities of the world.  He sat for almost an hour drinking beer and watching her.  There was something comforting and almost motherly about her presence.  He almost felt he knew her.  She was a warm and caring woman who could love him in ways Andrea wasn't even capable of.  A few times he almost stood up to go over and talk to her but he always held himself back.  She probably didn't speak good English and he didn't want to risk an embarrassing situation.  For the time being he was content just to watch her secretly from his table.  Finally, at midnight, with his curiosity saturated for the time being, he stood up and walked back to the hotel.  He wanted to be fresh in the morning so he could have a long day of sightseeing with Kristina.
The next day he woke up and looked out the window.  A few children were playing basketball on the street below.  He wasn't sure why, but for the first time in almost a year he felt that his life was moving forward again.  It was something about the woman with the dark eyes and black hair that had changed him.  Her mere presence the night before had altered his emotional life in such a way that Andrea seemed suddenly less relevant.  Of course he still wished that she would one day change her mind and come back to him, but things had changed between them and his life was suddenly filled with so many new possibilities.  Why had he sat in Detroit all those bleak lonely months putting his life on hold for a woman who cared so little for him that as soon as he moved away she married someone else and refused to see him anymore?  
He took a shower in the small, but clean bathroom and dried himself while watching a German rock video program on the television.  Then he had a quick breakfast in the hotel dining room and called Kristina, arranging to meet her an hour later at a café only a block down the road from where he was staying.  He showed up early and took a seat by the window.  It was a small place with heavy wooden ceilings covered in intricate gold patterns.  He flipped through an English newspaper mounted on a wooden rod by the door and read an inspiring story about an American couple living as journalists during the Serbo-Croatian war who were perilously separated and had somehow miraculously reunited before narrowly escaping to Hungary.  Kristina came ten minutes later.  She was slimmer than before with her hair in short pigtails like two black jets shooting out the back of her head.  She reminded him of the sorts of girls that he used to see walking around London a few years back with their garishly dyed hair and a teddy bear stuffed inside their see-through plastic backpack.
“You look good,” she said.  His feeling of optimism began to fade.  She tied him to Andrea and as long as she stood there in front of him he wasn't free of what had happened between them.
“So do you,” he said.  He stood up and hugged her.  She suddenly looked more attractive than he'd remembered, with a lip tattoo and small dark expressive eyes.  
“I'm so sorry about Andrea,” she said.  “You two were so good together.”
“That's what I thought,” said Thurston.
“I don't know what to say.  You must be very sad.”
They ordered two coffees and he told her the full story about what had happened with Andrea going back to the last time he had seen Kristina before Christmas, emphasizing that he had no idea what was going on in Andrea's head and why she wouldn't see him and who she may have married.
“You know the way things go,” she said.  “You could be lovers again next year.  You have to understand.  Andrea acts tough on the outside with all of her wrestling and fighting but she's very afraid to do things by herself.  She's a big child inside.”
“We talked three weeks before her wedding and she said she was going to marry me.  I bought her a ticket and everything.  I can't believe it.  I don't mean to belabor a point, but it's so strange and sudden.”
“Andrea really wanted to come with you.  She wouldn't have said so if she hadn't meant it.  But she is very spontaneous.  When she wants something she wants it right away.”
“Is she even sane?  I mean this isn't...”
“No.  She is fine.  She just goes through life in a series of switchbacks.  She's not like Júlia who moves straight ahead.  Andrea saunters back and forth trying this and that out.”
“What about her Hungarian ex boyfriend - the Jazz drummer?  That was pretty serious and she always talks about him.”
“They are just friends.  He was very selfish to her.  She gave very much to him.”
“It seems so strange.  In our relationship it always felt that I was giving and she just laid back and took, absorbing my attention like a sponge but giving so little back.”
“She liked you very much.  I remember when she first started seeing you.  You made her very happy.  She came back telling us how handsome you were and how you cooked for her and always treated her so good.”
“Maybe I treated her too well.”
“It's hard to say.  I just think the best thing for you is to stand back.  You're in Hungary.  There's many beautiful women here.”  
She touched his knee lightly with her hand. 
“Enjoy yourself,” Kristina continued.  “She wants you in the background now.  If you lay back and stop trying to contact her things will only get better.  Who knows, she may even come back to you.”
“Do you think she's happy?  Jason described her marriage as marry me and you don't have to go back to Hungary.”
“I'm not sure she is.  When you're in a foreign country you do things for different reasons.  She is also very easily used by people.”
“This all seems so strange because if anything I feel she used me.  It may not be the case at all, but it seems like a possibility.”
“You hurt someone else.  They hurt you.  That's the way things happen in life.”
Thurston nodded his head in agreement.  It felt strange taking advice from someone who was only twenty-two, but at that particular moment it seemed like she knew more about life than he did.  As he looked across the table at her it seemed like a universal law that every experience in life takes something away from you.  Experiences didn't make you wiser like everyone said, they wore you down and showed you how little you really knew until you didn't have the strength to maintain any real conviction about anything.
“The thing that really bothers me,” he said.  “Is that she won't even speak to me.  I tried to throw a stone over the wall and send her a card before I left, so maybe that might help.”
“I think that's a good sign.  If she called you up and wanted to see you it would mean that it was easy for her and she didn't really care about you.  She's afraid of seeing you because she already knows what she's lost.”
“It seems contradictory.”
“Andrea is two different people, Thurston.  The first is very nice and sweet and childlike.  Every one likes this side of her.  This person was even afraid of you.  She thought you were too smart and it scared her.”
“Not this again,” Thurston said, shaking his head in defeat.  “It's just irrelevant.”
“Yes.  She does not understand this.  She thinks there's too big a gap in intelligence between the two of you.”
“I can't believe it.  She managed to learn English without taking a single class in less than a year.  Her English is even better than Júlia's - and she studied in school.”
“Yes, Andrea can be very insecure.  But there is another person that not many people except for Júlia and a few others know about.  That second person is very dark and destructive.” 
He thought about the spat of arguments they had in Detroit.  
“But on the other hand, she is easily manipulated,” she continued.  “People like Valerie use her, but not even they know what she is really like.”
“I'm glad you said that.  I always thought Valerie pushed her around.”
“Not many people see that side of Valerie.  Andrea feels sorry for her because she is almost forty and divorced and Karoom is a heroin addict.  But they use that sympathy element to get things out of Andrea.”
He wondered what she was suggesting.  Had Andrea actually married Abdul?  Had he somehow tricked her into it?  Or was it the other way around?  Was Andrea using him to get a work permit?  Andrea had always denied having any feelings for him, but maybe she was afraid to admit that she had married him.  It seemed entirely plausible that once Thurston had moved back to America, Abdul moved back into the picture.  And when Thurston came back to Brighton in November she told him not to call Valerie's place to make sure Abdul didn't know he was back.  Yet maybe he had completely misread Kristina and she wasn't implying this at all.
“Strange,” said Thurston. “John always had fantasies that Abdul and Andrea were seeing each other.”
Kristina raised a knowing eyebrow and then turned her head quickly.  Thurston was silent.  She knew something he didn't but whatever it was she wasn’t going to tell him.
“So who did she marry, anyway?  No one will even do me the justice of telling me.  It’s like everyone thinks I am some kind of psycho that will go hunt her down and hurt her.”
“It is getting late,” said Kristina.  “I think we should go to Buda and see the castle.”
Thurston nodded his head and remained silent for over a minute as he turned away from her and looked out the window.  For the time being it was best not to push things any further.  He had another four days and something more was bound to come out.  He picked up the bill and they made their way down the street in the direction of a large white synagogue capped with golden cupolas glimmering in the late-morning sun.  For a moment he felt like the world was impervious to all forms of human thought or action and whatever happened to him or anyone else made little difference to anything.  It was a strangely satisfying feeling that absolved him of all responsibility and made him feel that whatever external even befell him was by definition the seed of some hidden form of perfection that had not yet revealed itself to the world.  It was a feeling he had never had before and he knew he would remember for a very long time.


III


Over the next few days Kristina showed Thurston around Budapest.  The first morning they went to a medieval church that had once been used as a Mosque and then to the old castle in Buda, towering over the Danube with its Romanesque walls and crumbled battlements.  It was beautiful in a way that reminded him of pictures of southern France he had once seen in a book, but it didn't resonate with the air of difference or uniqueness that he'd expected.  It could almost have been located in any city in central Europe, possessing a certain time-and-placelessness about it that he found strangely comforting.  There was an air, even, of familiarity about it that made him feel he had been there before or would be there again soon.  As he watched the small sailboats go by, their tall masts reflected in the mirror of the Danube, he was overcome with the almost Zen notion that there was an element of himself emanating from the old towers and dilapidated stone structures that connected him to everyone who had ever lived here.  Yes, he and Andrea were intimately connected through the very essence of those buildings and one day she would be back.  It was a destiny that couldn't be avoided, a confluence of lives and feelings that would force them together once again, whether they liked it or not.  It was just an aberration that she had married - a cosmological switchback forced by duress and the crude pressures of an undeserving Englishman who had no right to be in her life in the first place.  
That night he went back to the hotel early to catch up on sleep.  The next day Kristina showed him around the major sites of downtown Pest: the public baths and parks and the great old opera house and the famous hotels where famous writers like Hemingway and Fitzgerald used to stay.  There was to be a feeling of romance and intrigue burning in the air.  Every woman, it seemed, was looking at him out of the corner of her eye.  At night they went to an outdoor café where customers gathered around adjacent tables in small informal groups to chat.  The waiters stood in small rows by the espresso machine speaking amongst themselves as though there were no customers at all.
“No wonder Hungarian woman are so nice,” he joked to Kristina.  “They'd have to be to put up with these guys.”
“I know,” she said.  “Hungarian men are so chauvinistic and serious.  That's why men from outside do really well with Hungarian women.  It's not hard to be nicer than they are.”
The next day he wandered by himself to a park Kristina hadn't shown him before and later to a district with several old book and antique stores that looked like it catered to a wealthier sub-class of the population.  It was his last full day in Budapest and he was determined to have a good time and make the most of it.  At night he met up with Kristina at a café around the corner from the hotel.  The waiters were surly and several times took his beer glass away without asking if he wanted another drink.  After about an hour, the conversation with Kristina began to lag.  
“You look tired,” she said.
“A bit.”
“Maybe we should go.”
Thurston walked her to the subway station a block away.  They stood at the top of the stairs.
“Call me when you have a chance.  Before you leave.”
“Sure.  And if you ever come to America make sure you stay with me.”
Thurston looked into her dark eyes and kissed her on the cheek.  She pulled at a strand of hair that was hanging over her nose and put his hand on her shoulder.  She reciprocated immediately by rubbing her finger delicately along his ribs.  She had an imploring look in her eyes that urged Thurston to respond in a way he wasn't sure he could.  The warmth of her skin made him wonder what it would be like to sleep with her.  If anything, it would be a perfect way to get back at Andrea.  But no matter how hard he tried to imagine it, he didn't really want to.  It was just an inevitable thought that he had no control over like the feeling that at any moment he could jump in front of a truck and end it all.  And like such a thought, it demanded attention even if he never intended to think it or pursue it.  Sleeping with Kristina would be like sleeping with Barbara while hiding his secrets about his involvement with Stacey.  If he slept with her things could only get worse.  Maybe Andrea would be jealous for a while, but if she ever even thought coming back to him it would be just one more barrier that had to be surmounted.  Over the last few days she had been the finest hostess and friend, helping him rationalize Andrea's actions while offering new perspectives on how he might approach the situation in the future.  Don't be too nice, she said.  Stop writing her letters.  Let her miss you.  She will.  Forget about her and she will surprise you one day.  
Kristina stepped closer and leaned into him until her breasts were touching his chest.  He felt warm inside and wanted to pull her closer.  Andrea was now married and he was a free man.  He had every right to wrap his arms around Kristina and press his lips against hers, but he didn't.  It was a violation against his love for Andrea and somewhere down the road he would always view it as a mistake or indiscretion.  Júlia would cease to have respect for him and his case for being madly in love with Andrea would look flimsy and staged.  Everyone would see him as a roué who deserved to have Andrea get married behind his back and cut him out of her life.  Andrea would hear about it and say see, I knew you weren't as much in love with me as you said you were or I knew when you moved into the flat that you had something for Kristina.  And it would be hard to argue against, even though it wasn't true and when he first moved into the flat he actually found Kristina somewhat irritating.  Besides, maybe he had misread her affectionate gestures and Kristina didn't want to sleep with him anyway.  A day before she urged him to forget Andrea and enjoy the women of Budapest and had certainly spent every effort to be with him as much as possible.  But was this enough evidence that she wanted to have an affair?  Maybe she didn't know how she felt and was as confused and ambivalent as he was about it all.  In fact, maybe nobody really knew what he really felt or wanted in the end.  Perhaps Andrea did love him after all and was pining away for him that very instant as she sat in some lonely household somewhere in Brighton.  Of course, he would never know if she did, and worse, she may not even know herself how she felt.  She always did say she was confused.
He watched Kristina walk down into the subway.  He felt he had let her down as though he could have offered her more.  It might somehow have seemed natural and would have given his first trip to Budapest some sense of the eternal if something had happened between them.  But it wasn't to be.  His feelings weren't right.  Social barriers.  Timing.  For whatever reason - not the least of which were his feelings for Andrea still lingering on when they should have been long gone, the fact that Kristina was Andrea’s friend, or that Kristina refused to tell him who Andrea had married, suggesting she really was not his friend after all and could probably never be trusted - it just wasn't to be.

The next morning he got up early and checked his suitcase into a locker in the hotel lobby.  After a quick breakfast he went downstairs and walked out into the street.  He turned and made his way down the boulevard towards the shopping district.  On his way he passed a man who looked like something out of the San Francisco area during the Haight Ashbury days.  He had long curly hair down to his stomach and a tie-dyed shirt.  He looked at Thurston and started shouting something in Hungarian at him.  Thurston pretended not to notice and continued down the street.  The man followed him for half a block until Thurston accelerated beyond a group of rich-looking woman who he thought would act as a good buffer.  He pushed ahead and took a backwards glimpse to see that the man had disappeared and then continued down a tree-lined boulevard - its rich green boughs hanging like banners heralding some higher order of nature - past a coffee shop and then a toy store that had a striking neon sign hanging above the front door.  Like many of the signs in Budapest, it was written in a kind of loose italic script - much like Andrea's handwriting.  Eventually he came upon the old opera house, its massive steps and gold leaf conical domes soaring upwards like a fountain of stone.  The pillars were heavy and gray, expressing an almost Teutonic sense of strength and will, yet they were also carved in rich and intricate detail - almost oriental in its exoticism - as if to say, yes we are strong, powerful, and indomitable, yet our souls are filled with the most exalted and beautiful thoughts and ideas.  Andrea had once told him that Hungarians were known as great artists and thinkers.  That's what they had given the world.  
He stopped and looked more closely at the building.  Its intricately carved but thick granite pillars reminded him of Andrea and how she was so strong in the chest and shoulders yet uncommonly delicate in her facial features, with the finest attention paid to every aesthetic detail from her choice of necklace and eye make-up down to her hairpins and perfume.  Perhaps the balance between strength and beauty was the highest ideal of Hungarian culture.  It was in their food - heavy, but delicately spiced - and in their women, and so too, it seemed, in their architecture.
He continued down the street, changing direction at a busy intersection as he walked past a group of teenage girls with beads dangling from their hair.  One of them eyed him lasciviously, but he quickly turned his head away and smiled in the opposite direction.  He continued walking until he found a side street that looked quaint and safe.  He turned and walked about half a block, past a bookstore.  There was an old man sitting by the window holding a silver cup.  He looked too dignified to be begging, so Thurston just nodded his head politely and turned away.  Eventually Thurston found himself back on a main drag in front of a restaurant called The New York Café that he seemed to remember having heard about.  He walked inside.  It had high ceilings separated into smaller domed units - like the ceiling of a Byzantine church - and outlandish gold inlay and iron chandeliers.  It was said to be a favorite hang out of artists back in the early twenties.  Somehow it depressed him.  For some reason it reminded him of how awful his life really was.  In all its grandeur it only made everything else, everything in his life that was exclusively his, seem dull and worthless in comparison.
He walked on in the direction of the central train station which he could see glimmering in the distance against the sun's afternoon rays.  How long would it be before he would see Andrea again?  He imagined scenarios in which they would meet up.  She would use the ticket he bought her to escape from her awful husband who beat her every night.  He would move back to England and, once she got her work permit, she would dump her husband and come running back to him.  It was only a matter of time.  She wants you in the background now, he repeated in his head.  Getting married didn't mean that she wanted to get rid of him forever, it meant that she was doing something else, something necessary for her life to progress forward, but once this something else was finished they would be free to be together.  But how would he react if such a scenario actually did transpire?  Would there be any basis for a further relationship with her of any kind?  He felt damaged inside.  She had damaged him.  Anyone capable of doing what she did - whatever the reason - was a person most people wouldn't want in their life.  But then again, he did.  There was nothing more that he wanted but to have her back.  That was what he wanted the most.  For her to come back to him and provide him with some excuse or reason or grand apology for what she did.  That was the only thing that could make him feel good again.
He walked through a small park and stopped in front of an ornate fountain where a group of Gypsy kids were sitting on the pavement playing with a block of wood, desperately grabbing and clawing at it as though it were a box of jewelry or something else of far greater value.  The scene was yet another grim reminder of what he had just gone through as he had never really thought about Gypsies before he met Andrea.  He could remember at least three occasions when they stayed up late in his apartment while she told him stories about the Gypsies in her villiage and how much her parents hated them.  
He continued past the fountain towards an abandoned intersection about a hundred yards away.  What kind of person was she really, he asked himself.  For the first time since he had met her he admitted to himself that he really didn't know.  Had she married this man as a safety move?  What was going on in her head when she said her vows, full well knowing that she had told him she wanted to be with him a few days earlier?  How could she wipe him out of her life so coldly?  He felt awful as he imagined her scowling at him, or worse, not even thinking about him.  That was what hurt the most.  The fact that she probably wasn't giving a single thought to how he was and what he was doing.  He was in Budapest with her best friend and she wasn't even thinking about him.  But he didn't know this for sure.  Kristina had suggested that the fact Andrea hadn't contacted him was a sign that she actually loved him after all and was afraid to see what she had lost.  Perhaps he would have to forget about her and find another before she came back.  But by that time he would have ceased to love her.
When he got to the train station he turned and continued down towards the river.  He wanted to find the park on the island that Kristina had taken him to the day before.  Maybe it would fill him with a sense of peace and hope, something that other neighborhoods in the city were unable to do.  On his way he stopped at a small store and bought a bottle of sparkling water.  The sun was intensifying and he needed something to drink.  He walked towards the Danube wondering what life would bring to him or if he would have to go out and chase after life instead.  Did life even bring things to anyone?  It was always said that a man forged his own luck.  So he had to exert himself to find someone else.  But this was a problem.  There was always the risk that the person you met and got involved with after asking them out for dinner a few times wasn't what they appeared to be.  People were always at their best on first dates.  That was why so many relationships failed so early on.  You always end up acting like the person you think the other person wants you to be because you're so desperate to find someone to get close to and don't want to lose your chance at happiness.  But once all the excitement is over and your true personality finally emerges, it is only a matter of luck as to whether or not you just met a person who is compatible.  He hoped that this would happen between Andrea and her new man - whoever that was.  He hoped that she would quickly realize her mistakes - how many passport marriages actually worked?  How many marriages born out of a love triangle worked?  How many marriages that happened so soon after the couple met actually lasted?  How long would it be before Andrea missed him and swung back?  She had certainly wanted to come to America - even Júlia had said that.  So some part of her must still want to come.  How long would it be before the levy broke and she filed for divorce?  But maybe he was just being hopeful and all this was just built up to protect himself from the painful fact that she no longer cared.  How could he know?  Maybe if he called her, he thought.  But wouldn't calling her be a step backwards in so far as it would let her know that he was still there waiting for her?  He really wasn't sure, and quickly resigned himself to the fact that a person cold never really know anything about what other people thought or felt, and for this reason it was always a waste of time to pin your hopes on another person.
As he crossed the bridge to the park, an angry and insurmountable feeling came over him that he had been let down and betrayed by everyone he knew back in Brighton.  Why hadn't Kristina been more forthright and told him who Andrea married and exactly why she did it?  Why had she only offered him ambiguous remarks like when you're in a foreign country you do things for other reasons instead of telling him the whole truth?  And why hadn't Júlia given him the whole truth?  No one, it seemed, was being straight with him.  It was all some nasty joke they were pulling aimed at making him feel worse.  Why should her marriage be so secretive?  Weddings were public events, just like sporting matches and lotteries, where everyone was entitled to hear the results.  
He passed a group of old men who were caught up gambling on a park bench and the world turned a few shades darker.  The more he thought about the situation with Andrea, the uglier it became.  Nobody was free from blame, not even Jason or Júlia.  It was Jason, after all, who had lost his phone number back in January.  If this hadn't happened, especially during this crucial period where everything started to turn once more for the worst between he and Andrea, then maybe things would have turned out differently.  Maybe his voice on the phone just once over this period would have been enough to secure a place in Andrea's heart and prevent her from getting involved with someone else.  And maybe if Júlia had voiced her disapproval more strongly Andrea wouldn't have started seeing whomever it was that she married.  
He stopped about thirty feet away from a couple on a park bench who were locked in an almost coital embrace.  The woman was wearing a short muslin skirt and was sprawled on top of the man kissing him.  The man had pushed the woman's skirt up so high that Thurston could see the edge of her underwear.  The demonstrative, even robust passion of the scene made him wonder why he was giving Andrea so much of the benefit of the doubt.  She shouldn't have lost his number in the first place and if her love was true then she would have come regardless.  But as he completed this thought he felt arrogant for assuming that her love for him should be stronger than the net love she felt for her family, Brighton, and this new man, although the fact she had already left this man to come back to him and use the ticket in March meant he couldn't be that special to her.  And if she didn't love Thurston she would not have wanted sex as soon as she got off the airplane or even still wanted to come to America a full month after she had gone back to Britain and had a chance to compare him with this new man.  
Potential explanations continued to bounce through his head as he walked alone through the park.  Although part of him realized these were the same thoughts he had been thinking over and over again for the last several weeks, they seemed to come at him with new force and vitality with every footstep.  Andrea was evil.  Only an evil woman would have made fun of him the way she did when she visited Detroit and openly admitted that her mother wasn't really sick back in August and she was just using this as an excuse because just wasn't sure about him.  She was being used.  She was gullible and Valerie and Abdul had their claws in her back ever since he left to visit his family in the summer.  She was crazy.  Only a mad woman could be capable of marrying the way she did.  She married for a passport.  She was afraid of going to America and needed quick relief from the anguish of her existence in Brighton.  She hated him.  Only a woman who truly hated him was capable of doing what she had done.  But if this were true why had Kristina and Júlia both told him she loved him and might one day come back?  There seemed to be no consistent story.  She was giving in her relationship with her first boyfriend, yet also selfish with him.  Nothing fit.  There was no pattern, no possible explanation that fit all the data.  There were too many spurious points in the set and no amount of smoothing could come up with a line from which could be extracted an equation to explain her behavior.  She was a mystery.  But maybe she wanted it that way.  Maybe she really was simple and her life only gained meaning by driving people like Thurston to the brink of madness with her erratic behavior.  Perhaps she was really just a silly bitch with an interesting accent and didn't even deserve the attention he had given her.  A picture of her maliciously laughing at him formed in the waters of his mind.  But maybe she was actually sitting in a tearoom thinking of how much she missed him.  If he had called her that instant and accused her of hating him and laughing at him behind his back she would probably deny it.  What are you talking about?  Are you paranoid?  It seemed that if you ever dumped someone who was totally innocent you always felt fondly of them and imagined that they still loved you and had no idea how much their feelings were changing inside towards you, moving from love to pain and finally to all out anger and distrust.  What dear?  You don't trust me anymore?  Just because I ran off with someone else and totally ignored you for two years?  Are you crazy?  Don't you know how much I missed you all along?  Whatever the truth, his mind burned for an explanation.  He knew he would never be whole without one, no matter how disgusting, crazy, helpless, or silly she was, he needed to talk to her.  That was the key that was missing from her bracelet from the day they met.  The key to her heart.  The key to understanding her.  But it didn't even exist.  She had only lied about it.  
Thurston looked out at the slow clear waters of the Danube and watched a few children playing with cheap plastic buckets.  He resigned himself to the fact that he would never know anything about anybody again.  He might think he did, but he would always know inside that he didn't.  Andrea might show up on his doorstep in six months with declarations of love while he stood in front of her doubting every minute of it, or she might claim in court ten years down the road that he had initiated the slow descent of her personality into a madness that resulted in some random act of violence that could ultimately be pinpointed on something he once did to her but he no longer remembered having ever done.  Anything was ultimately possible.  Although he desperately wished that life and love could share the lucidity of the calm clear waters glittering beside those children with their buckets, he had to prepare himself for these two facts: he would never know anybody again and anybody was capable of doing anything to anybody for any reason on any given day.  It was a bleak and pointless truth that he had extracted from life, perhaps the only one he ever would extract.  A truth too commonplace for a philosophy text and too nihilistic for any religious scripture, but a truth nonetheless more powerful and immediate than anything else he had encountered.  He passed under a deep green tree, waving his hand slowly in front of his face to make sure there weren't any spider webs dangling from its long swooping branches, before coming to an old run that looked like a maze for small animals.  A young girl with blue eyes and short red hair sat reading a book on a stone fence beside him.  He wanted to interrupt her and ask her what she was reading, but she looked so absorbed that he didn't want to disturb her.  But maybe she had come with the book as a prop and was just hoping to meet an interesting man like him.  He let his hands drop to his side and walked on.

He took a last sip of his sparkling water and made his way back to the bridge.  He wanted to get back to the hotel by dinner so he could take a nap and get ready for a night of drinking.  He now had no other purpose in Budapest but to drink.  That moment it had ceased to represent the spawning ground and source of all knowledge concerning Andrea and had become instead a place where people drank and hoped to meet pretty girls who might make them forget that one day that same girl would most likely mean nothing to them and they would wonder if they ever really knew why they were involved with one another anyway.  Yes, he thought.  Budapest had that much special about it.  It was a city devoted to this one cause.  He tucked his shirt in and quickened his pace.  He had a few hours to kill before it was late enough in the day to order his first of what would likely be many drinks.


IV


When he got back to Brighton he went directly to his flat and unpacked his suitcase.  Somehow the beachfront city seemed older and less exciting than it had before his trip to Budapest.  The streets were completely bereft of the magic they possessed only a few months ago when he used to imagine that Andrea might have crossed the same point and vanished down some hidden lane only moments before.  Whatever flicker of renewal he had felt in Budapest had already faded and by evening he was wishing he had never come back.  What did he have in Brighton anyway?  An ex-girl friend who was too cowardly to face him?  Her sister and friends whose farcical charade was getting more tiresome by the minute?  He looked out the window and watched an old woman crossing the street carrying a bag of groceries in her arms.  Brighton was little more than a place where people frittered away their lives waiting for some portentous event to save them from the boredom of their existence.  Yes, once you got past the beachfront club scene, it was nothing but a velvet and pewter waiting room in some heinous brothel of death. 
The next day he got up and decided to take one last walk down the beach.  He hoped it would be a clarifying and cleansing walk where he could watch the sea gulls circle above the white stone hotels and say a final good-bye to Brighton in a way that would at least make him feel good about himself and vanquish any bad memories of the past.  He put on his coat and walked out of the flat and towards the beach.  A block away from the Palace Pier he heard a shout from behind and felt a sudden tap on the shoulder.  He turned around to see John standing there smiling with a brown paper bag tucked under his arm.
“I heard you were in town,” he said.  A gust of wind blew his hair back.
“I just got back from Hungary,” said Thurston.  John's eyes widened with surprise and uncertainty.
“You went alone?”
“Yes.  Just a visit.  Kristina was there.”
“Strange coincidence.  I just saw Andrea and Abdul yesterday.  Nobody told me they got married.”
For a reason Thurston didn't understand and would never understand for the rest of his life he just nodded his head as if he had known all along what had happened.  “Yes,” Thurston said.  “Just last month.”  
“I thought she was going to marry you,” he said.
“Well.  I guess it's a done deal, so it doesn't matter.”
They talked for a few minutes and agreed to go out for a drink later although it wasn’t clear whether he or John was really serious.  It wasn't until after John had vanished behind an orange Volkswagen bus half a block away that Thurston felt the full impact of what had happened.  Andrea had never even moved out of the house on Carlisle Road and everything she had said about having no phone was a lie.  She just didn't want him to know she was two-timing all along, possibly since the first day they met.  
As Thurston walked slowly back towards wherever it was he was originally going but had now forgotten he reflected on how strange it was that a person he had seen only once, from a distance at that, as he had stepped out from an expensive car, could have exerted such a powerful and negative influence on his life.  Abdul and his two siblings on Carlisle Road - his harpy of a sister and heroin-addict brother - had been little more than stock characters in the story of his life in Brighton, yet there they were, actively working against him, manipulating Andrea and her entire emotional life from behind the scenes since the first day he met her.  It was an eerie and unsettling notion that reminded him, in a metaphoric way at least, of stories he had heard on late night documentary programs about people's thoughts and feelings being controlled by invisible radio waves from some secret government installation.
When he got home he called Jason and Júlia.  Jason answered.
“Thurston,” he said.  “You're back.”
“Yes.”
“How was Hungary?”
“Fine...maybe even fantastic.”
“Hmm.”  He seemed surprised.  “I always thought Budapest was just like any other big city.  What I really liked was the country.  It was like going back in time.”
It was just the sort of comment he'd expect from an Englishman.  Everywhere else on earth was crude and uncivilized in comparison to their green and pleasant land.
Thurston felt suddenly impatient.  “I just ran into John,” he said.
“Oh, how's he doing?”
“Seems OK.”
“I should call him.  We haven't gone out in quite a while.”
“He just told me Andrea married Abdul,” said Thurston.  There was a long pause.  “Yes,” Jason replied in a way that was surprisingly unruffled and composed.  “We all thought she should have married you.  Abdul doesn't have much going for him.”
“I'm not sure why it was such a big secret.  Why couldn't anybody have told me earlier?”
“Júlia just didn't want to get involved.”
“I see,” said Thurston.  “Would you like to go out before I go?  I'm leaving tomorrow.”
“Sure.  I'll call you tonight.  Júlia's out now.”
“Maybe we can go to Richards.”
“OK,” he said in a hesitant way that Thurston didn’t quite understand.
That night he waited by the phone until ten before giving in and calling them.  A strange voice answered and explained that they had gone out for the evening and weren't expected back until later.  Thurston waited for another half hour and there was still no call.  At ten minutes to eleven he put on his jacket and went out to buy a four-pack of beer.  Richards would be closing any minute and there was no longer any point in waiting.  He'd been stood up on his last night in the country and he might as well make the best of it.  
He walked down the street and a light rain started.  He felt heavy inside as if his very existence was a burden to the world.  It was wrong of him to try to be friends with Jason and Júlia when it was clearly a strain in their lives.  Why else would they have not returned his call?  Maybe it had been wrong of him all along to expect Andrea to return his feelings.  Perhaps it was even wrong of him to be angry with her for marrying Abdul and hiding her relations with him from Thurston for almost a year.  But as he passed a small field where a group of teenagers were playing soccer he realized he wasn't even angry anymore.  Yet if this were true, didn't this mean that he was one of those people seemingly so common in Brighton - human driftwood he used to call them - who just floated through life without caring about anything or anybody and that his love for Andrea had only been an act?  Something inside of him wanted more from this view, but something inside him said he wasn't going to get it. 
As he rounded the corner out onto Western Road he felt bad for even caring.  His feelings were obviously not wanted.  Everyone would prefer it if he didn't care.  His feelings were only a source of guilt for everyone involved.  He was guilty of making them feel guilty.  And all his flowers and declarations of love designed to save her from the harsh conditions of her immigrant life were just a veiled form of force designed to bully her into submission – even if it had never seemed that way at the time.  Yes, he thought as he walked down the street past a man wrapped in a blanket on the sidewalk, it was wrong of him to even care.  He should never have called Jason and Júlia he should have never even come back to Brighton at all.  He stepped inside a liquor store just before closing and grabbed a bottle of tequila - somehow it seemed more appropriate than the four pack of beer he had originally wanted.  But this time when he left Brighton he would be drinking it alone.
When he walked out onto Western Road the rain had subsided and the roads were already beginning to dry.  A lone car drove by and the streets were suddenly empty.  He looked down the street towards Carlisle Road and the world broke in two.  All his problems had evaporated and the universe suddenly seemed quite simple and fathomable.  Almost too simple.  Ruthlessly simple.  At the end of the day there were those that cared and those that didn't.  As he slowly walked back to his flat he wondered which side he belonged on.  Maybe he would never know.  Maybe it didn't even matter anyway.  He turned the key in the front door of his flat and walked in.  The light was still on.  He went into the kitchen for a glass and opened the bottle of tequila.  He had twelve hours before he had to be at Gatwick and he didn't feel like sleeping.



THE END

