© 2018 Stellan Galt
All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without permission from the publisher, except as permitted by U.S. copyright law.


THE REKINDLING




CHAPTER ONE


As Nathan strolled through the outdoor bakeries to pick up some bread for dinner and some of Selena's favorite sweets, a woman caught his eye.  She was a fair distance away, down the street, but there was something so familiar, so ”home-like” about her.  Dark hair, although shorter than he remembered; lovely smile, small, athletic build.  Could it really be her? Without even giving it conscious thought, he quickly paid for his items and began walking closer to where the woman was shopping.  As he drew near, he was almost positive. It was her, or if not, her absolute twin.  
 
Soon, he was right before her, and he knew.  She looked up from her shopping basket and met his eyes.  Immense surprise, instant recognition.  ”Nathan?  Oh, my God!  Is, is it really you?”
 
“Christina! I knew that was you. I passed you by but I was sure-“ His words were interrupted by a tight hug.

“What are you doing in Italy?”

“I’m visiting for a couple of months. Here on business.”  
 
“I'm living here now, actually.  Doing some commentary, a little ballet coaching, even a little modeling, how about that, Nate!”
 
“Oh, I can believe that!  You were always model material, Chrissy.  You look great.”  ”You do too, Nathan, you really do.  I know it's been a rough time for you-”
 “Yeah,” he replied softly, looking down at the ground.  ”Well, Chrissy, you know...”  ”Yeah, I know,” she murmured, placing a hand on his arm.
 
She paid for her things and they decided to go to a bistro and have a snack. She had no obligations that day and he didn't need to be back at his temporary apartment for a few hours; Selena and her tutor would be hard at work on her school assignments.
 
They talked easily, as old friends are apt to do.  She asked him about his painful divorce from Trisha.  He admitted that it was still fairly raw, having been only a year.  
 
It had hit him kind of out of left field one day when she came home from a travel assignment and told him she was in love with someone else.  ”You are in love with someone else, so it's over? “ he remembered thinking.  ”That's rich.”  After everything he'd done for her.  After breaking a heart that was like the other half of his own heart...
 
She didn't even fight him over Selena, although prepared for battle, he was.  She loved her daughter and was a good mom.  Good enough to realize that her “out of a suitcase” lifestyle was not the best for “Sellie,” as she insisted on calling her.  She was going to have her for visits when she was at home in Chicago, and for summer vacations.  They would probably alternate holidays; it was still a bit of a “work in progress,” Nathan explained to Christina, who was listening sympathetically.  ”I just hated it so badly for you Nate, when I heard that she left you.  I just couldn't believe it.  I mean you had already been through- well, you know.  You've had more than your fair share, Sweetie, I'll say that,” she said with a catch in her voice that meant the world to Nathan.  At least this was one relationship in his life that had been repaired.

“So we’ve talked a lot about me. What about you? Are you and Steve…?”  

“We’ve been out of touch for a couple of years now. Maybe it was never meant to be.”
  
“Yeah, I know,” he squeezed her hand gently.  She didn't let go.  ”I really thought you guys would make it, though, Chrissy.”
 
“Well, sometimes love isn't enough, right, Nate?  Do you see her, talk to her at all?”
 
“No,” he sighed heavily.  ”We sort of keep up with each other a little bit through the families, you know.  I thought she may get in touch when she heard about the divorce, but I haven't heard from her.  She told Cassandra to tell me she's very sorry.  That's it; that's all I've heard in months.   My mom told me on the phone the other day that she's taken a sabbatical to do some writing somewhere here in Europe.  I'm not even sure where she is, Chrissy.  Do you know how unnatural that feels?”
 
His words coupled with his pained expression made her heart skip a beat.  Oh, Nathan.

He must have seen the look on her face because he quickly said, “You’d understand more than anyone, right?”

“I do, Nathan.”
 
 “You know, Christina, it's the biggest regret of my life.  I think about her every day.  I always will.”
  
“Nathan-” she started to say something, but thought better of it.  She shook her head quickly and stood up to go.  ”I guess we should say good-bye for now, but I want to see a lot of you while you're here.  I want to see Selena!  God, she was a newborn the last time I saw her!”
 
“Oh, I would love that, Christina!  We've been a little lonely here.  It's so good to see a familiar face,” he said as he pulled her in for a tight hug.  They exchanged phones to put in contact information, and hugged again.  When they pulled apart, they both had misty eyes.  They promised to call soon and set something up.
 
Christina walked the short distance to her apartment with a bit of a heavy heart.  Should she say anything?  Should she wait?  ”No,” she thought firmly, “no more waiting.”
 
That was partly what was wrong with all of them now.  Waiting, suppressing, regretting.  It was a vicious cycle, and had been for years.  It may be too late for her and Steve, but if she could do anything for Dawn and Nathan- well she had to try.
 
When she opened the door of her flat, she immediately called out, before she even saw her.  ”Dawn?  You'll never believe who I just saw!”
 
 
 

CHAPTER TWO
  

 
“Christina, no.  You know I can't see him.  You know why.  I can't believe you even told me you saw him, but since you did, I'll make arrangements and leave town.  I can move on to Venice or Florence and come back here later-”
 
“Dawn Markson!  Do you hear yourself?   Don't you dare leave!  You just got here!  
 
“Christina, I don't want to keep you from seeing him, but I just can't do it,” Dawn said softly, taking off her readers and rubbing her eyes.  There were so many books, papers, and pictures around her that her tiny body was barely visible in the middle of Christina's guest room bed.  She closed her lap top, put it aside, and leaned back onto her pillows.  
 
She looked so lost.  Christina recognized the look- she had just seen an identical one on the face of one Nathan.
 
Damn their stubbornness! Christina thought to herself as she moved Dawn's things over enough to make a place to sit down.  
 
“Dawn, honey.  Talk to me.  You say I know why you won't see him, but I really don't, not all of it.  What can be so bad that there's no hope?”
 
Her friend looked at her a little sideways at that question, raising an eyebrow.
 
“Okay, okay, fair enough, but we're talking about your ridiculous love life right now.  We'll do mine later.”
 
With that, she finally got a small smile.  
 
“I mean, Dawn, you and I, we were estranged for almost three years ourselves, and we forgave each other.  Nathan, I mean, Nathan was- is- your other half.  You have to stop this because you need each other.  He needs you so much, Dawn.  You should have seen his face when I talked about you.  I felt so sorry for him, I almost told him then and there-”
 
“But you didn't, right!?  You said you didn't, Christina!”
 
“Dawn, please.  No I didn't.  But I'm going to.  This is stupid.  Talk to me.”
 
With that, her friend simply burst into tears and answered, sounding  very small, “Okay, I'll tell you everything.”
 
 
***
 
“Daddy!”  Almost seven-year-old Selena jumped up from her seat and wrapped her little body around Nathan as soon as he came in the door.
 
“I'm sorry, Signora Rosa,” Nathan sheepishly addressed Selena's tutor as he picked up his little girl and gave her a tight hug.
 
“Oh, never mind, we are almost done for the day, anyway, right, Bambino?”  Selena nodded and placed a kiss to Nathan's cheek, melting both adults instantly.  ”I missed you, Daddy,” she said tenderly, her hands on either side of Nathan's face.
 
“I missed you, Princess.  Go say 'Good night' to Signora Rosa.”  The little blonde leaped obediently from Nathan's arms and gave her teacher a hug.  ”See you tomorrow, Maestra.”

 ”Isn't my Italian getting good, Daddy?” she quickly added in her father's direction.
 
“It is, Baby, it is.  I'm proud of you.”  
 
God, Dawn would love to hear her, he couldn't help thinking to himself.  Dawn's affinity for all things Italian had begun when she was not much older than Selena is now.  
 
Rosa left, giving Nathan a motherly pat on the shoulder as she went out the door.  ”Thank you, Rosa,” Nathan said.  
 
Signora Rosa Bianchi, the Italian retired teacher that Selena's school had put him in contact with to work with Selena while they were in Rome, had been a God-send.  She was wonderfully nurturing, and Nathan and his little girl were quickly growing to love her in the three weeks they had known her.
 
“How was your day, Daddy?” Selena sweetly asked.  
 
“Not too bad, Sellie.  I saw an old friend, actually.”
 
“Oh Daddy, was it her?”
 
“No,” Nathan replied sadly, “it wasn't her, Sweetie, not this time.”
 
“Well, Daddy, I think we're going to see her soon.  I have a feeling,” Selena replied, showing her snaggle-toothed grin that Nathan just couldn't resist.
 
“Oh you do, do you!”  he replied,  quickly throwing her on the sofa and beginning to tickle her senseless.
 
After a quick dinner, bath, and story time, Nathan began to put Selena down for the night.  He sat her on his lap and brushed her long, straight hair.  She had Trisha's straight blonde hair and cute nose, but other than that, she was Nathan- she had his blue eyes and face shape.  The perfect blend of the two of them, her parents had always said.  She was beautiful, everyone said so.
 
“Daddy, tell me a Dawn Selena story, please.”  It had been awhile since he had told her one.  ”Okay, Princess, snuggle in, and I will.”
 
He helped her into her bed and lay down beside her, softly stroking her hair.  ”Once upon a time, my best friend Dawn Selena, and I were dance champions...” he began.
 
***

“Well,” Dawn began to tell her story as Christina listened patiently.  ”You know what happened at the championship- you're one of very few who do, right?”
 
“You and Nathan won the trophy, and made love, yeah,” Christina replied matter-of-factly.  
 
“Um, yeah, I’m sure.  Apparently it meant more to me than it did to him, I guess,” Dawn said quietly.
 
They were referring to an incident that had been wrapped in secrecy for almost ten years now.  
 
They hadn't meant to do it, but the night they won the trophy, they were just so emotional, so intertwined.  They couldn't completely blame it on the celebratory alcohol they had consumed, although that probably did play a role.
 
They had been in her room- she had a room to herself-and they just couldn't leave each other.  It had started with him simply kissing her good night, and ended in her bed with them breathless and both in tears.  Hers were out of love.  She was never sure if his were too, or if they were out of guilt.
 
“Dawn, this meant the world to me, and I do love you, but you know, Trisha and me-” he had begun as he held her in his arms while she wept.
 
“Please don't, Nathan, it's okay; please just don't. ”  She probably said it a little more harshly than she meant to; he looked physically struck.
 
She recovered enough to say, “I love you, too, Silly; it's okay.”  
 
They agreed it was bound to happen, eventually.  They agreed it was special.  They agreed they had no regrets about the act itself, but maybe the timing...
 
They agreed to tell no one, ever.  
 
She had broken down and told Christina after all, during a drunken night right before Nathan got married.  She didn't know if he ever told anyone or not.  She suspected maybe Trevor Young, if anyone.  He was probably Nathan's closest friend.  After her, of course.  Now, maybe instead of her.
 
“Well,” Dawn continued, “what you don't know is what happened two years later, on Nathan's wedding day.”

***
Ten years ago
 
Trisha couldn't believe it when Nathan told her he was going to the dance studio with Dawn on the morning of their wedding.
 
“Nathan, it's our wedding day!  Can I not even have you the whole day on our wedding day”?
 
He wanted to tell her that she was probably hormonal, but thought better of it.   No one knew but them, and Dawn, of course; he still told her everything, but Trisha was newly pregnant, the baby due in December.  Their wedding had been planned for now anyway, but the pregnancy was unplanned.  
 
The baby had really set it in stone, though.  For Nathan, anyway.  No way out now.  Not that he wanted out.  Not really.
 
“Trisha, the wedding isn't until 5:00 P.M.   It's 7:00 A.M.; I think we'll be okay.  It's how I relax, okay.  I need it.”
 
She agreed, telling him he was right, she was sorry.  ”You mean you need her,” she thought sadly as he went out the door.
 
At the empty dance floor, Dawn was already waiting for him.  He watched her as she did a perfect pirouette.  He almost physically ached to be with her on the dance floor, and began putting on his shoes as quickly as he could.
 
They had formally announced their retirement at the beginning of that year, dancing their last dances together at a function in their honor that had been held at the association premises.  They had intended to do the occasional performance later, after they both finished grad school, after the baby came.  
 
They thought they would have time later to come back to it.  Back to each other.
 
When they danced, people had wept.  In truth, they could barely do it without weeping themselves.
  
“Hey Dawn, do we have to dance to this?” he had said.  ”You know it makes me sad.” 
 
She had simply shrugged and smiled, “Well, it's our song now.”
 
He had taken her in his arms and they did all their favorite moves, continuing long after the song ended, neither having the will to stop.
 
Finally, spent, they simply started moving around the floor, hand in hand.
 
They started trying to talk about their lives together, and how much it had all meant, how they would never forget any of it, ever.
 
She started trying to tell him that she was proud of him; it was his wedding day, after all, that's a big deal in anyone's life.
 
He started trying to tell her that he was so happy to have her beside him- she was his “Best Woman”- they knew it was unconventional, but they didn't give a damn.  Being a bridesmaid just didn't feel right.  She was his best friend, his right arm, not Trisha's.
 
They had both become teary and couldn't really form complete thoughts anymore.  He had pulled her into a tight hug; they stood swaying on the floor.
 
Soon, he began kissing her face and whispering her name.
 
She began to grip his shirt tightly in her hands, their breaths quickening.
 
Their lips met; it wasn't intentional.  It was instinctual.
 
When they pulled apart, tears streaming down both their faces, he immediately began to apologize.
 
She didn't want to hear that; that was the last thing she wanted to hear, damn it.
 
She became angry, pulling away.  ”Don't Nathan, just don't.”
 
“Dawn, please.  I do love you.  It's just not that simple.  Especially now, the baby- but - but, you are my best friend.  You will always be my best fr-”
 
“I don't want to be your friend!”
 
She cut him off with a shrill scream that echoed throughout the studio, with more anger than she had ever directed at him in their entire lives.  Tears were still streaming down her face.
 
He was still crying too, and looked as if she had slapped him across the face.
 
He wished she would have.
 
“What?  What do you mean, Dawn?”
 
God, men were idiots.  
 
“Nathan!  I love you!  I am in love with you!  I can't be just a friend anymore.  It hurts too much!”
 
He could see that she was in real pain.  He was hurting, too.  He didn't know what to do.  In his mind, there was no solution for them.
 
“Dawn, I- I'm so sorry, Baby.  I don't know what to do.”  He hung his head like a little boy and sobbed.
 
She had wanted to comfort him; it had been like breathing to comfort him for the last ten years of her life.
 
She just couldn't do it anymore.
 
She walked away, thinking how they didn't quite make twenty years together; she had really hoped they would make twenty.
 
“I'm sorry, too, Nathan,” she called over her shoulder.  ”I'll see you at the wedding; I'll be there for you, but after that, I can't see you, at least not for awhile.  I'm sorry.  I love you.”
 
“I love you, too.”  He said it so softly she barely heard him.
 
They had never danced together again.
 
True to her word, she was there for him at his wedding, standing stoically beside him, even managing to look happy for him.  
 
As for Nathan, he felt in a daze, going through the motions.  He was wracked with guilt, not for kissing Dawn at the dance studio, but for doing this.  And that thought made him guilty too.  He was guilty for what he felt guilty for.  How screwed up was that?
 
He was marrying a woman he loved, but wasn't in love with.  He couldn't believe he had become this person.  
 
He knew, he now regretfully knew, that he should have broken up with Trisha after the championship.   What had seemed so muddled then, now seemed so clear.
 
But there was an innocent little life for which he was now responsible, and he now thought that this had to be the way.  What else could he do?
 
After the honeymoon, he started trying to call Dawn; he wanted to see her; wanted to somehow make it right, or at least some form of right.
 
She would never agree to see him; just kept telling him good-bye every time they talked.  Finally, broken-hearted, he stopped calling.
  
***
 
“Oh, Dawn, I'm so sorry,” Christina said, shaking her head as Dawn finished her story.  I had no idea.  At the wedding you were perfect; looking back, I can see that Nathan was a little 'off,' though.”
 
“Well,” quipped Dawn through her tears.  ”I was always better at acting.”
 
Christina laughed softly, “Oh, Dawn.  You know what?  He told me it's his greatest regret.  He also told me he thinks about you every single day.”
 
“He did?” Dawn asked, sounding like a little girl.  She was softening, Christina could tell.  ”I miss him so much, Christina.”
 
“Chrissy, how did he look?” she asked tentatively.
 
“Good.  He looks really good, Dawn.”
 
 
***
 
 
After putting Selena to sleep, Nathan settled on the sofa with a good, stiff drink.  He needed it tonight.
 
Seeing Christina earlier coupled with telling his little girl that championship story had been draining.
 
Selena loved to hear those stories.  He had begun telling her about Dawn from the time she was an infant; he wanted her know his best friend, even if he had screwed up so badly that Selena may never meet her.  
 
As he drank, his mind went back in time to that day, the last day he had laid eyes on Dawn.  His wedding day.  He couldn't believe it had been so long.  
 
He missed her all the time, but sometimes it was worse than others.
 
Sometimes it actually physically hurt.  Like his heart was being crushed in two. 
 
It's your own fault, he thought to himself.  No one else's.
 
“I miss you, Dawn,” Nathan whispered softly to himself, the tears beginning to pool in his eyes.  ”I miss you so damn much.”
 
 

 CHAPTER THREE


Nathan stood in his bedroom, towel around his waist, hair dripping wet, speaking to Selena's tutor on the phone.  ”No, Signora Rosa, please don't worry; it's not your fault... Get down, now, Selena!... sorry, she's jumping on my bed...”
 
“Daddy, your hair is soaking wet and your towel is slipping; I can almost see your bottom!” giggled Selena as she jumped down.  
 
“Selena, go to your room, please!”
 
She scampered away, laughing, “Silly Daddy!  Silly naked Daddy!”
 
Nathan was having a rather “frazzled” morning.  For some reason his alarm hadn't gone off, and if his little girl hadn't jumped on top of him at 7:00 on the dot, he would have been running even later than he already was.
 
Now Rosa was explaining that she had a stomach bug and wouldn't be able to come in to have school with Selena today.  He had two very important meetings; it was the Tuesday of what would be Thanksgiving week in America, and his Italian bosses had graciously given him Thurs. and Friday off, but that meant there was no time to reschedule, although he had managed to move his 8:30 to 9:30, which gave him a little more time to get himself together.
 
He quickly ended the call with Rosa, wishing her a speedy recovery and reassuring her not to worry.  The kind woman knew he had no one to look after Selena here in Rome, and felt truly horrible about the situation.
 
I'll just have to take her in to work with me.  I don't have a choice.  They'll just have to deal...
 
He was brought out of his reverie by his phone ringing again.
 
Christina.
 
He hadn't heard from her since running into her a few days before.
 
“Hey, Chrissy, what's up?” he asked as he held the phone with one hand and began trying to dress with the other.  ”Sorry, I'm running late here.”
 
“Oh, I'm sorry, Nathan.  I won't keep you.  I just wanted to invite you and Selena over for Thanksgiving dinner.”
 
“Um, Christina, you never celebrate thanksgiving, hon.”
 
“I know, I know, but Nathan always did... I don't know, I just got used to celebrating it, I guess.  So can you guys come?  Please?
 
“Of course,” he laughed, “we'd love to, actually.  I was going to start looking up some Internet recipes tonight, or maybe call my mom and see if there was anything I actually thought I could pull off.”
 
“Oh Lord, Nate I'm just in time, then!”  Nathan's cooking skills (or lack thereof, was more like it) had been notorious among the other dancers back in the day.
 
“Show up around 4:00, and don't bring anything.  We'll do it all.”
 
“Okay, thank you so much, Chrissy.  Hey, we?”
 
Damn it.  
 
“Oh, I'm just having another friend over.  She likes to cook.  No biggie, Nathan.”
 
“Okay- hold on- Selena, get dressed.  You have to go to work with me today.” 
 
“Oh Daddy, No!  It’s boring!”
 
“Now, Selena.  Not up for discussion.  Sorry, Christina, we're having some dysfunction this morning.  Her tutor is sick.”
 
“Oh Nathan, let me take her for you.  I mean, I know she doesn't know me, but if you think she'd be okay- I mean, is she shy?”
 
“No, not really- but Christina, I couldn't ask you to do that.”
 
“You didn't ask.  I'm teaching at the ballet studio today.  She'd probably love it.  She dances, right?”
 
“Yes.  She's getting pretty good, actually.  She would love it-if you're sure?”
 
“Of course!  I'll fetch her in about 20 minutes?”
 
“Perfect!  Thank you so much, Christina.  I really appreciate this!”
 
Nathan ended the call and went into his daughter's room.  She had put on her pink and purple outfit, her favorite.  She was struggling to put her hair in a braid the way her mother always did it.
 
“Hey, Princess, want some help?”
 
She nodded and he sat on her bed.  She crawled onto his lap and he began braiding her hair.  He could almost do it as well as Trisha now.  He had had a lot of practice in the last few months.
 
“There, okay?  Almost as good as Mommy?”
 
“Just as good, Daddy,” she said, planting a kiss on his cheek.  ”I'm sorry I was sort of bad this morning,” she continued,  looking into his eyes.  
 
Their eyes were so similar, it was like he was looking into a mirror at his own eyes.
 
“No, Sellie, I'm sorry.  Daddy is a little frustrated this morning.  Your teacher isn't feeling well-”  
 
“So I have to go to boring old work, I know.”
 
“Well, actually, another option has presented itself, if you're interested.”
 
Boy, was she ever!  As soon as he began explaining, she was already jumping up and down.   It was true she didn't really know Christina, but her parents had mentioned the woman all of her life and she had seen pictures and even a couple of videos, so she wasn't the least bit afraid to go with her.  Like her father, she was friendly and always up for new adventures.
 
“Oh, Daddy, do you think she'll let me dance?  Do you?  Can I take my ballet shoes and see, at least!”
 
God, he loved seeing her excited.  Her little braid was bobbing up and down as she jumped around the room gathering her things.
 
“Yeah, you can take them, but you do exactly as Christina says, I mean it.”
 
“Okay, Daddy.  I'll be  really good, I promise!”
 
As she jumped into his arms to hug him, the doorbell rang.
 
“It's her!”
 
Selena ran to the door, Nathan trailing behind.
 
Christina stood to greet them in a dark green leotard, matching costume skirt and wine-colored sweater.  She had a butterscotch-colored scarf tied fashionably around her neck.  
 
Nathan was suddenly taken back to training days long ago at their old dance studio.  
It was Christina standing there, but that's not who he saw.
 
In his mind he saw her.  A sudden pang tore at his heart.  Dawn.
 
It was so funny how the simplest thing could make him think of her.  He felt ridiculous right now; seeing Christina in dance clothes made him think of Dawn.  
 
Sure, that made sense.
 
Selena broke the awkward silence.  ”You're Christina Lee, my daddy and mommy's old friend.  I'm Selena Trisha McCarthy.  Pleased to meet you.”
 
Christina was enchanted.  ”Well, aren't you just precious?”
 
“That's what my Grandma Dorothy calls me,” smirked the little girl, grabbing Christina by the hand.  ”Are you ready?  I have my shoes.  Daddy said I could bring them, as long as I mind you, okay?”
 
“Yes, absolutely okay,” answered Christina as she looked wide-eyed at a beaming Nathan.
 
“Wow, she's something, Nathan.”
 
“I know.  She really is.  Hey, okay if I come get her around 4:00?  I've been wanting to check out the dance studio here anyway.”
 
“Sure, that's fine, and don't worry about her!”  They gave each other a quick hug and Christina and Selena took off.
 
As Nathan shut the door, he caught sight of a photo on the couch.  Selena must have been looking at it in here.  It was normally in his bedroom on his dresser. 
 
It was a picture that someone had taken of him and Dawn at the dance studio on the morning of his wedding when he and Dawn danced together that last time.  They were in the middle of the room in each other's arms.  In reality, it was a dance move, but they appeared to be hugging.  

There was just something about it he had always loved.  Partly because outside of wedding photos, it was the last picture taken of him and Dawn together.
 
He sat on the couch and took the frame in his hands.  
 
He was immediately carried back to that morning on the dance floor, with her.  On the dance floor with Dawn had always been his favorite place to be.  Where he felt most at home.  Most alive.
 
  
They had danced to their last performance song, and it had felt exceedingly sad.  They had become so emotional that they cried and clung to one another.  
 
They had been overwhelmed by memories that day.  They had been through so much, accomplished so much.
 
They had done it all together, always.
 
This, they couldn't do together.  He was marrying someone else.  
 
Now it felt to him that it was like they subconsciously knew  that this would really be the end.
 
He hated himself for having let it get that far, for letting her be hurt like that, putting her heart out on the dance floor before him to be crushed.  By him.  Again.
 
The one person he never wanted to let go of, ever.
 
He had gone over and over it in his mind a million times over the years.
 
What he could have said, or not said.
 
What he could have done differently.
 
It haunted him.  He suspected it always would.
 
Even as he sat here all these years later, in another damn country, no less, he just could not wrap his head around it.  
 
They weren't meant to say goodbye.
 
They weren't ever meant to say goodbye.
  
He suddenly was brought back into reality by the alarm on his phone.  9:00.
 
Damn it.
 
If he hurried, he would have just enough time to get to the office, look over his notes, and conduct the 9:30 meeting.
 
***

As Nathan muddled through his day, Selena soared through hers.  She loved being at the dance studio and took to Christina right away; they were like family by 10:00 in the morning.
 
After eating lunch with Christina in the break room, little Selena was struck by an image on the other side of the large glass window separating the break room from the front desk area.
 
She would know that face anywhere.
 
It was her daddy's best friend.
 
It was Dawn Selena.  
 
She was real, and she was right there.
 
The little girl began tugging at Christina's sleeve.
 
Christina was poring over tape of her students from that morning and wasn't really paying attention.
 
“Christina, Christina!  It's her.”
 
“Huh?  Who, Angel?”
 
Just then, Dawn came through the break room door, and a staring contest ensued.
 
Dawn could not believe her eyes.
 
She would know whose child this was anywhere.
 
Nathan.
 
Selena jumped from her seat and went straight to Dawn, hugging her tightly.
 
“You're Dawn Selena  Markson.  You were my daddy's best friend.  I'm Selena Trisha McCarthy.  I'm my daddy's little girl, and I'm named after you.  You and my mommy.”
 
Dawn's eyes suddenly filled with tears.  So her mom had been right all along.
 
 ”No, Momma.  They just like the name”... she remembered saying all those years ago, as Cassandra insisted that the Selena was for her.
 
Dawn bent down to look more closely at Selena, getting right on her level.
 
“Well, I'm honored that we share a name, and I'm so happy to finally meet you.  You're beautiful, Selena.”
 
“So are you.  My daddy thinks so, too.  He always says so when he tells me Dawn Selena stories.”
 
Dawn felt her belly flip a little.
 
“Dawn Selena stories?” she stammered.
 
“Yes.  I love them.  He tells me them at night sometimes.  So I can know you.  He said he wanted me to know you even if I never got to see you, but I always told him I would one day.  I knew it, and here you are!”
 
She threw her arms around Dawn's neck and hugged her tightly.  Tears streamed down Dawn's face, as well as Christina's.  
 
When they pulled apart, Selena began wiping Dawn's tears with her hands.  ”Don't cry, Dawn Selena.  It's not sad anymore, it's happy now!”
 
“You're right!” Dawn said standing up and sniffling. “It's a very happy thing to meet you!”
 
From that point on, they were fast friends, racing around on the polished dance floor and playing all afternoon while Christina finished her lessons.
 
Dawn was struck by how fast Selena liked to go.  Just like Nathan, she thought.
 
When they sat down to take a rest, Selena placed a little hand on Dawn's cheek and pulled her head down close to her own.
 
“Can I tell you a secret?”
 
“Of course, Selena.”
 
“Sometimes my daddy looks at pictures of you late at night when he thinks I'm asleep, and he cries.  He's here in Rome with me.  Maybe if you talk to him and be his best friend again, he won't cry anymore.  I love my daddy.  I don't want him to be sad.”
 
She gave Dawn a quick kiss on the cheek and jumped up, shouting, “Thanks!” before running off.
 
As she placed a hand on her cheek where the little girl had kissed her, her eyes spilled over with a fresh batch of tears and she was overcome with memories of him.
 
Nathan.
 
She buried her head in her lap and let her tears overtake her.  
 
She could see him, feel him, hear him; it almost seemed that she could smell him, her sense memory was so strong.
 
She was silently weeping into her lap when an arm suddenly draped over her shoulders and pulled her close.  
 
She froze and stiffened briefly before collapsing into the side of the person holding her.
 
She didn't need to see.  She knew.
 
It was the most familiar arm in the world, and her head was buried into the crook of the most familiar neck in the world.
 
It felt so right.
 
It was home.
 
She opened her eyes and turned to look up into the most familiar blue eyes in the world, so like the eyes she had been staring into all afternoon.
 
“Nathan.”
 
“Don't cry, Dawn.  I could never stand to see you cry.”
 



CHAPTER FOUR

 
Thank God Christina had called to warn him.  If he had strolled into this dance studio to pick up his daughter and seen Dawn out of the blue, Nathan probably would have had a heart attack.  By the time he got the full story out of Christina- that Dawn had arrived in Rome two days before he and Christina had run into each other- he was a little put out with her.  
 
“Why didn't you tell me right away, Chrissy, why?” he had asked on the phone, reeling from the fact that Dawn was at the dance studio at that very moment, dancing with his very own child.
 
“Nathan, she would have killed me.  More importantly, she would have left and you wouldn't have had this opportunity, so lay off me!”
 
“Okay, okay, I'm sorry,” he sighed loosening his tie and running a hand through his hair.
 
“And when you get here Nathan, try to act, you know, don't be so...”
 
“So what, Christina?”
 
“Nathan, she still really loves you, don't fuck up, okay?”
 
Oh.
 
“She does?  Okay...okay, I'll try to be, you know-”
 
“And Nathan, I know you still love her too.  I could tell that day we ran into each other.  You didn't say it in so many words, but I knew it.”
 
“I know.  I do.  I really do, Christina, I always have.  I was just a moron-”
 
“You weren't.  You were you.  Doing the right thing practically seeps from your veins.  You didn't mean to hurt her.  You just couldn't see another way at the time.  You probably also thought you'd both get over each other eventually.  Now that bit was moronic.”
 
“Thanks, Buddy, really.  No, I mean it, thanks for this call, for warning me, really, so I can have time to, to you know, not be so-”  
 
“Yeah, I know.  See you when you get here, Nathan.”
 
***
 
When he opened the door of the dance studio, the first thing he heard was Selena's laughter.  It warmed his heart like no other sound in the world.  When he got close enough, he could see her on the floor between the young dance team Christina was working with, holding both their hands as they all three swayed and spun on the polished floor.  He didn't see Christina; she must be in the office.  At first he didn't see Dawn either.  
 
When he did, he thought his heart would break.  She was in a seat, her head down, her shoulders slumped and shaking.  She looked so small.  She was crying.
 
Instinct took over.  He moved to her and put his arm around her without any conscious thought whatsoever.  
 
“Don't cry, Dawn.  I could never stand to see you cry.”
 
At once, she nestled close to him and buried her head in the crook of his neck.  After a moment, she looked up at him and his breath caught in his throat.
 
God, she was still so beautiful.  Even now, no make-up, hair a little disheveled, and tears streaming down her face, she just killed him.
 
Dawn's beauty had always had an ethereal quality to Nathan.  He used to say that dumb pick-up line to her all the time as an inside joke.  ”Did it hurt?”  ”What?”   she would say coyly.  ”When you fell from the sky...”  
 
He almost said it to her now, as he smoothed her hair and began tucking it behind her ears.  She was his angel.  She had always been.  Her beautiful spirit had gripped him tightly in their years apart.  She had never let him go.
 
“Nathan,” she said simply, looking up at him with same wonder he was feeling in his own heart.
 
“Yeah, it's me.”  His voice was so soft; he was almost whispering.
 
She was becoming mesmerized by the feel of his fingers.  So familiar, yet so new.  She could feel the little hairs on her body standing straight up with every touch.  God, he made her crazy.  Even now, even after all these years.
 
For a moment, they just stared at each other.  The world was fading away and they were becoming lost.  It was amazing how seeing each other face-to-face so suddenly like this just evaporated all of the regret and pain they had been feeling.  There was nothing left but the love.  
 
Dawn was reminded of what people had said about her and Nathan.
 
“Daddy!  Daddy!  Watch me!  Watch me, Daddy!”
 
They were jolted back into reality by Selena's happy yell.
 
Dawn laughed and moved over slightly, waving at the little girl as Nathan stood and went to the benches.
 
“I'm watching, Baby!  Go for it!”
 
Selena, with an assist from Christina's students, stretched her arms out, still in between them holding their hands and went into a rather impressive spin.  
 
“Now let go!”  she cried, and they did, staying close in case she wobbled.  But she didn't, and her pose was pretty good, thank you,  if Nathan did say so himself.
 
“That's beautiful, Selena!  I love it, baby!”
 
She beamed back at him and stopped in the middle of the dance floor to bow.
 
Right then, Christina came out and joined them.
 
“Well, I see everything is acceptable here, yes?”
 
“Yes, Chrissy, we're fine,” said Dawn shyly.
 
“Just beginning to get reacquainted,” Nathan said, as the three dancers made their way to the benches.
 

Christina introduced Dante and Gabriella to Nathan as Selena jumped into his arms and began peppering his cheeks with kisses.
 
He juggled her around in his arms in order to shake their hands.
 
“Pleased to meet you both.  Thanks for letting my little one here hang out with you today.”
 
“Oh she is the sweetest!” exclaimed the young red head, her darkly handsome partner shaking his head in agreement.
 
“Yes sir, Selena is welcome here with us, anytime.”
 
Nathan was impressed with their English and their nice manners.
 
Christina released them for the day as Dawn joined them at the benches.  
 
She tentatively came close to Nathan and Selena turned her body so that she could touch Dawn's shoulder.
 
“Look, Daddy.  She's here.  She's real!”
 
Nathan blushed deeply.  ”Of course she's real, Silly!”  
 
Christina and Dawn shared a glance and then looked at the floor, trying not to laugh.
 
“But I've heard you Daddy.  I've heard you ask her picture if she was ever real.  I think it's because you missed her so much and you kind of forgot if she was or not.”
 
Dawn continued looking at the floor, but this time it was so the others wouldn't see the fresh tears pooling in her eyes, threatening to spill over.
 
Out of the mouths of babes.  Oh Nathan.   
 
“Yeah, you're right, Princess, I guess I did.    I'm so glad you two got to meet each other today.”
 
“Me too, Daddy.  I need to go to the bathroom, okay?”  She whispered the last part, pulling his head close to her little mouth.
 
This broke the tension and they all laughed as he set her down.
 
“Okay, Honey.  Do you need anyone to go with you?”
 
“Nope, it's not far, I'm good!”  She slipped on her shoes and scooted off, leaving the three adults alone.
 
Dawn turned to Nathan and put her hand on his shoulder.  ”Oh Nathan, she is so, so beautiful.  I can see you and Trisha both.”  
 
That was so sweet of her, to include Trisha, so like Dawn.
 
“Thanks, Dawn.  She's incredible.  We're blessed.”
 
“You know, she told me- she-”  Dawn began, but suddenly grew shy as Nathan searched her eyes.
 
Christina, ever perceptive, suddenly said, “Hey you two, you must be in shock seeing each other again after...after everything... why don't you let me take Selena for awhile so you can have some time alone?  I'll get her dinner, maybe some gelato, and I'll bring her back for her bedtime.  Okay, Nathan?”
 
“Nathan?”  
 
He and Dawn were still staring at each other.  Christina could only wonder at the silent communication that was taking place.  Those two could always do that, that weird, disjointed combination of talking and mental telepathy.  She and Steve always did too, but not like “Dawn-” they  had it down to an art.  Used to freak everyone else out, but Christina always secretly thought it was the height of romance.  
 
“Nathan!” she repeated a little louder.
 
“Y-yeah, Christina, okay.  If it's okay with Dawn, I mean, and if Selena wants to.”
 
“If Selena wants to what?”  the little girl asked sweetly as she rejoined them.  ”Chrissy wants to take you out, just you and her.  What do you think?” asked her dad.
 
“Okay!  I'd love to!”  She grabbed Christina's hand and began pulling her away as all three adults laughed.  She had them all wrapped around her little finger.
 
Selena suddenly stopped midway and swung around to face Dawn and Nathan.  
 
“You two better not kiss without me.  I want to be there for that!”
 
“Oh my, come on, Girlie!”  Christina quickly picked her up and started running, much to the little girl's delight.  ”I mean it, Daddy!” she called from Christina's arms as they bounded through the lobby doors.
 
Dawn was playing with her hair and Nathan had his hands in his pockets, both of them staring at the floor, both wondering who was the brighter shade of red.
 
“I- I don't know why she would say that.  She-” Nathan began trying to explain, but Dawn just laughed, putting him at ease.
 
“It's okay, Nathan.  She's adorable.  I love her.  Already.”   She added the final word very softly.
 
“She loves you, too.  She's been taught to.”
 
“I know Nathan, she told me.”
 
“She did?”
 
They had made their way back to the seats.  Dawn twisted her hair and brought it over her right shoulder as she spoke.   
 
“That's what I was going to say before.  She told me that you tell her 'Dawn Selena' stories for bedtime sometimes.  That's amazing, Nathan.  That you would do that.  That you would work so hard to make sure she knows me and loves me, even after how we left things.   After what I said to you.”
 
“I don't want to be your friend!”    It was burnt into his memory.  Into his soul.  
 
“It's okay, Dawn.  I drove you to it.  I should have done things diff-”
 
 ”I didn't mean it, you know.”  She stopped him, placing the palm of her hand on his cheek.  ”Being your friend is the same as breathing to me.  I could never stop.”
 
“I know Dawn.  I knew then that you didn't mean it.  If I don't know another damn thing in this world, I know we're friends.  Always.  I knew it when we cried together at the dance studio the morning of my wedding.  I knew it when I spoke my vows.  I knew it every time we tried to talk on the phone and you would only end up in tears and hang up on me.   I knew it when I got divorced, even though you didn't call me.   If I had never laid eyes on you again in my whole life I would have still known it, Dawn.  You can't do what we've done together and not be, at the very least, friends.”
 
God, he took her breath away.
 
“Nathan- I “  He grabbed both of her hands in his, cutting her off.  ”Dawn, will you dance with me?”  
 
“Dance, what?”
 
“Come on, I know you have your shoes with you,” he said with a grin.
 
“In my rental car, but-”  ”Yeah, me too!  Old habits, and all that.  Please Dawn.  It won't feel really real until we dance.”
 
She suddenly got it.  He was right.  They had to dance.  
 
Her smile lit up her whole face.  ”I'll race you!” she cried running off while he was still sitting there.
 
***
  
They were hand-in-hand just circling the dance floor.  It was natural, but still a little awkward.  It had been many years, after all.
 
“Do you dance much?” he asked, stroking her thumb with his.
 
“Not a whole lot.  After you, I just...  it kind of makes me sad to, I guess.”
 
“Yeah, I know.  Me too.  I only do it when Selena begs me to.”
 
“It feels good to do it with you, Nathan.  It feels better than I dreamed, even.”  She let him lead her to the middle of the dance floor.
 
“You've dreamed about it?”  he asked softly, stopping her in the middle of the dance floor and turning her to face him.
 
She was embarrassed. Why did I say that out loud?
 
She decided to just be tough and say it.
 
 ”I have.  I just... I hate how we left things, Nathan.  I've dreamed of dancing with you, holding you.  I've dreamed of a lot of things.”
 
“Me too. Dawn.  I dream of you all the time.  I- sometimes at night, I just think of you and I get so-” He was crying softly and she reached up to brush away his tears.
 
“I know, Nathan.  Selena told me.  That's what I was really going to say earlier.  She told me that you look at pictures and cry.  I do that too.  I have for years.  I can't believe all this time you've felt the same way-” Tears were suddenly choking her.  She hadn't even known she was crying.  She couldn't go on.
 
“Dawn- please-”  Suddenly they were clutching at each other and hugging so tightly that they could feel each other's hearts beating through their skin.  
 
It was as if her heart beat through his own chest and his beat through hers.
 
“Please, I want, I need-” and his lips were on hers, and time stopped.
 
It should have been too soon; they had just seen each other again, but it didn't feel too soon, it felt almost too late.  Like if they didn't, they wouldn't be able to breathe much longer.
 
When they finally stopped for air, Dawn smirked, “Selena's going to be mad.”
 
Nathan laughed.  ”Don't tell her, okay, I'll never hear the end.”
 
They were both still crying a little, and holding on to each other.  
 
“Nathan, I'm not mad at you anymore.  I understand.  You did the best you could at the time.”
 
“No, I was wrong.  I just couldn't face the truth.  Well, it was even worse than that, actually, I did know it, I just didn't want to know it.  I was a coward.  I've been so ashamed Dawn, all these years.  I could have done better by you and Trisha, both.”
 
“Nathan, no, stop, I won't have that.  You were not a coward.  You were human.  You had a baby on the way.  You wanted her with both parents.  You were trying to be unselfish towards your child.  I get it, I do.”
 
“Dawn, thank you.  Thank you for saying that.”  He kissed her softly again, parting her lips with his tongue and making her moan.
 
“I'm not mad at you anymore either, Dawn.  I understand too.  I get why you felt like you needed a clean break.  Even though it hurt like hell, you were right.  We had to.”
 
“Nathan, I don't know.  That's what I regret.  I should have stayed around and been a freaking grown-up, for God's sake.  When I think about how I didn't even know your child until today- that shames me, Nathan.  I'm so sorry.”
 
He chuckled softly.  ”I can't believe you still say freaking,' for God's sake.”  She punched his arm.
 
“No, don't beat yourself up about Selena; she has you now.  You did what you felt you had to at the time, just like I did.  We've got to forgive and move on.”
 
“I forgive you for everything, Nathan.”  
 
“I forgive you, too, Dawn, and I bless you for letting me kiss you twice already!  Damn, you've gotten easy in your old age, girl!”  
 
“Nathan McCarthy, you take that back!”  She sprinted after him as he suddenly took off towards the benches
 
They couldn't believe how easy it all was; how emotionally in sync they felt, how their bodies fit together, how kissing felt like breathing, how quickly the forgiveness and understanding came. 
 
As she caught up to him and he took her in his arms again, both breathless and laughing, Dawn was suddenly reminded of something their dance instructor Taylor used to say about them all the time- ”Two souls that are one.”
 
That's what they were.  That's what they would always be.  Neither time nor distance nor grief nor regret had changed it.  Nothing would ever change it.
 
***
 
He took her to a lovely dinner at a small neighborhood restaurant and then back to his apartment to wait for Christina and Selena.  They were sitting on his sofa, drinking wine and looking at Selena's baby photo album.  He could tell Dawn still felt badly about missing her birth and early years, and he wanted her to see it all so she would feel closer to her namesake.
 
As she turned the pages, she suddenly thought of that.  ”I can't believe you named her after me, Nathan.  That Trisha would go along with it-”
 
 ”Well, to be honest, she didn't have a choice, actually,” he answered.  
 
“Huh?  She didn't have a choice about naming her own baby?”
 
“She and I had an agreement- she would get final name choice if it was a boy and I would get final say if it was a girl.  The day we found out her sex, I told Trisha what her name would be.  I won't lie to you- she wasn't thrilled.  She usually calls her 'Sellie' to this day, but I have no regrets about it at all.  I wanted my daughter to be a part of you, and for you to be a part of her, and that's the best way I could think to do it.   Besides, it's a beautiful name.  Win-win, I've always thought.”
 
“Win-win, indeed,” Dawn concurred, kissing him lightly on the cheek.  He set down their glasses and took her in his arms.  She laid her head on his shoulder and he began running his fingers through her hair.  

“Thanks for keeping your hair long, by the way; you know I love it.”
 
“Back at ya.  When Trisha made you get that fricking haircut after the championship, I hated it,” Dawn said.
 
“I know.  You told me.  Often.”
 
“Yours could actually be a little longer, even,” Dawn breathed as she knotted her fingers in his curls and brought his head close to hers so she could kiss his lips.
 
“Um, I'll work on it for you, Baby,” he answered.  
 
Just then, there was a sharp knock at the door.  ”Remember,” Nathan cautioned as he moved to open it, “we have not kissed!”  
 
“Yes, sir,” she replied with a salute.
 
Christina and Selena bounded in, full of stories about the Make-Your-Own Pizza place they had been to, and the delicious gelato they'd had.  
 
Christina could tell they had indeed been kissing from Nathan's disheveled curls and the flush in Dawn's cheeks, but thankfully Selena was clueless.
 
After Christina left, Selena wanted Dawn to help with her bath and tell her a story, which touched Dawn deeply.  She blissfully complied with the little girl's wishes as Nathan looked on, grinning broadly.
 
“Tell me about my daddy when he was a little boy dancer.”
 
“Oh, okay, I have a lot of those stories,” Dawn replied, as they settled onto Selena's bed.
 
She told her about the first time she and her dad had danced together, about how shy they were around each other and about how fast Nathan liked to go, and how he made her like it too.  They had become the best dancers in the world.  No one had ever matched their beauty and poise. 
 
Nathan stood in the doorway just out of sight and listened.  His heart soared as he was taken back in time.  What a life he had had with this woman.  What a life still awaited them, if all went as he hoped.
 
When he could tell that Selena was near sleep and Dawn was winding up her story, he came in to kiss his little girl good-night.  'Night Daddy, love you,” she sighed as her little eyes fluttered.  She was almost gone.  ”Sleep well, my sweetie,” her daddy said, placing one more kiss on her forehead and pulling her covers up close.
 
He and Dawn left the room hand-in-hand and he called her a cab.  While they waited for it, he hugged her tightly.  ”I don't really want to let you go.  This isn't a dream, right?”
 
She kissed his lips.  ”Um, no, definitely not a dream,” she teased.
 
“Hey, have breakfast with me tomorrow?  I don't have to be at the office until 10:00.”
 
“Okay, but let me bring it here for all three of us,” she proposed.
 
“You're on,” he answered, kissing her sweetly.
 
***
 
That night, they lay in bed texting each other until the wee hours.  A bunch of nothing, but necessary, meaningful nothing.  They loved it, just being able to do it, after all they had been through.
 
As they drifted off to sleep, holding each other close in thought, neither knew exactly what was ahead, but they had the morning to look forward to, and they would go from there.
 
 Together.



CHAPTER FIVE

 
Dawn awoke in Christina's pretty yellow guest room before her alarm. She had slept fitfully, but not with worry, with excitement.  

Nathan.  

He was the last thing on her mind as she drifted off to sleep after a marathon late-night texting session that ranged from the best dancers in the world to how Downton Abbey had ended.  ”Your opinion on this does not matter!  You barely watched it Nathan.  That was my show!”
 
She could feel her face spread into a ridiculous grin as Christina bounded in.  ”So... tell me everything, and don't leave anything out!”  What commenced was “girl talk” at its best- blushing - “God, Christina, can he ever kiss!”- squealing, laughing, and even a few tears -  I'm so happy for you both, Dawn.  Promise me you will make the most of this second chance.”

The two friends left at the same time, Christina for the studio and a session, and Dawn for breakfast with Selena and Nathan.  ”You look beautiful, honey.  He's going to love it,” beamed Christina as they hugged goodbye outside her front door.  ”Thanks!” Dawn answered smoothing her black skirt with nervous, shaking hands.  How on Earth could he still make her so damn nervous, she wondered, grateful for Christina's encouraging words.  

The truly beautiful never know how beautiful they really are, and Dawn was no exception.  Her black skirt was simple, but elegant, and she had paired it with an emerald colored sweater that brought out the green flecks that occasionally showed up in her eyes.  Her hair was loose and wavy, thrown over one shoulder in her trade-mark style.  Beautiful Italian-made leather boots finished off her look.  She had splurged on them the very day she arrived in Rome and had hardly worn anything else since she had been there.

As soon as she got in her rental car, she almost called Nathan, but decided to give him some uninterrupted time with Selena.  She bought cappuccino, hot chocolate, and a variety of croissants at Christina's favorite shop.  On her way to Nathan's, she wanted to call her mom, but figured her parents would not appreciate a middle-of-the-night call, even if it was about something as epic as seeing Nathan again.  She sighed, and decided to wait.  She would tell her mom everything later.
***
 
Nathan, too, awoke early, and she was the first thing on his mind.  

Dawn.

She was actually usually his first thought every morning, but it felt different this morning, because the sadness was gone.  His heart was soaring.  She was here.  She was actually here, in the same place, at the same time, and more importantly, she actually wanted to see him and talk to him.  He felt like a nervous teenager again as he made his way to the shower.  

Dawn.  She's here.  She's back in my life.  Please, God, don't let me ruin it again.
 
Just as he finished dressing, his cell rang.  He hoped it was her, but it was Signora Rosa.  She was better, but not one hundred percent, and didn't want to risk making Selena sick. Nathan told her not to worry, and that he and Selena would just see her the following Monday after their Thanksgiving holiday.  They wished each other well and hung up as Selena wandered into his room and climbed into his bed.  He hated making the bed, so he hadn't, and she got right under the covers.  She yawned and sleepily said, “Daddy, I think I'm still asleep.  Come snuggle with me.”

 God, she was so cute, and she could get to him like no one else.  He complied, wrapping her in his strong arms as he stretched out beside her.  

“Daddy, I dreamed about her last night.  I dreamed she was in a white dress and she was walking in a garden.  There were flowers everywhere and you had on a suit.  I think it was a wedding, Daddy.  A wedding for you and Dawn Selena.  Can you make it real, Daddy?  You do love her the marriage kind of way, don't you?   I think you do.  I saw your eyes get big when you looked at her.  I want to be a flower girl...pink dress...daisies...” and she was gone, snoring peacefully at his side.
 
Oh, Baby, he thought.  Yeah, I definitely love her the marriage kind of way.
 
He and Trisha had tried so hard.  As they held their crying child in their arms and told her they would be a different kind of family now, they had tried so hard to make sure she knew there was still love there.  What child doesn't want to believe they came from love?  They told her they both loved her more than anything and always would.  They told her they even loved each other and always would, just not in the “marriage kind of way.”  It was hard because there was pain on both sides, but yes, there was a remnant of love.  They were determined to work their way back into a friendship again.  They both wanted the best for each other.  They were working on it.  Trisha was happy with Damien, the man she left him for.  He now felt like he could be happy again too, for the first time in a long time.  
Because of her.

He looked at the clock and realized that Dawn  would be there any minute.
 
 ”Hey, sleepyhead.  Wake up.  Dawn's coming over.  She's bringing breakfast,” he said as he shook Selena softly.  She stirred and mumbled something about school.    ”No, Baby, your teacher still isn't feeling well,” Nathan explained as she stretched and sat up.
 Once she was good and awake, she got excited about the day.  ”Daddy, you are not wearing that!  Get it off!”  ”What?  What's wrong with it?”  Nathan had on a long-sleeved blue polo shirt and khaki pants - his office had “Casual Wednesdays” instead of Fridays to break up the week a bit.
“No, Daddy!  Trust me.”  
Nathan stared incredulously as his little girl went to his closet and pulled out a black henley.  ”You're wearing this.  This and... these,” she instructed as she pulled some dark-wash jeans from his drawer.   “And do not put on those flip-flops, Daddy, I mean it!  They're gross!” she said as she went into her own room to get dressed herself.
He couldn't believe he was letting a six-year-old tell him what to wear, but she had a point.  These jeans did fit well, if he said so himself.  He would have to change back into the khakis for work; Casual Wednesdays weren't that casual.
His little fashion consultant put on black pants and a hot pink sweater and Nathan brushed her hair into two high pigtails.  She was adorable, in all her blonde, blue-eyed, snaggle-toothed glory.
 
When the doorbell rang, they raced each other to open it.  
8:30 on the dot.  She was always punctual.
When they opened the door (it was a tie), Nathan felt his breath catch in his throat.  She was beautiful.  He had always loved her in green.  He remembered he could never get her to wear it enough.  He always wanted her to wear green dancing costumes, but she had rarely done so.  
“Green,” he mumbled.  He was staring.
“Huh?” Dawn didn't quite catch it.  
“Green.  I like you in green.  Brings out your eyes.”  He was in need of a glass of water.  Or something.  No, definitely water.  It was 8:30 in the morning, after all.
Why was he so damn nervous?  This was just Dawn.  
Yeah, Dawn.  
Exactly.
She touched her own sleeve and mumbled, “That's sweet, Nathan, thanks.”  Why did she feel so shy?  It was only Nathan, for God's sake. 
Exactly.
“I like those jeans, Nathan.  They look good on your-I mean you, they look good on you.”
“Oh, yeah, th-thanks, Dawn.”
They were frozen, staring.
Selena Trisha McCarthy rolled her eyes and shook her head.  
“Move, Daddy.”  He dutifully moved over, and Selena opened the door more widely, allowing Dawn to enter. 
Nathan was still staring.  Dawn froze, her hands full.  ”Help her, Daddy!”  
And he did, suddenly remembering himself, and taking some of the containers from Dawn's hands.
They both calmed down a bit and began to put out the breakfast.  They all three realized they were ravenous and ate well.  The conversation was mostly about what they were doing in Rome. How on Earth had they not covered that last night?
Nathan told her he was handling meetings for his Chicago firm which concerned his clients' acquisition of an Italian business.  It was a huge deal, and he had been promised full partnership if everything went well.  
Dawn was now a full professor of Linguistics, and she was finally given a long-wanted sabbatical to write a book.
As they spoke, they both realized how out of touch they had really been, and how little they knew about each other's current lives.  It hurt.  It hurt both of them to have let things go this far.  Their families had filled in a lot of the blanks for them over the years, but it wasn't the same as talking to each other.  In the last couple of years, their moms had actually not talked to them as much about each other as they used to, because both of them appeared to be in physical pain when they did so.  The moms simply could not take it.  They had both begged their two stubborn children over the years to make things right with each other, but it got them nowhere.  Nathan was stung by his initial rejected attempts to reach out to Dawn right after his marriage, and besides, it had always pissed Trisha off to no end.  He couldn't blame her.  He was her husband at the time, after all.  And for her part, Dawn simply could not bear it.  Could not bear having him in her life, but not having him.  It was just all too much.  And so the years had flown by...
Both had lived with regret, tears, drinking too much at times, and of course, the memories.  The ever-haunting memories.
 
When they finished breakfast, Selena helped them clean up and went to her room to get something she wanted to show Dawn.
When she was gone, Nathan tentatively took Dawn in his arms.  ”Is- is this okay?” he whispered, holding her body close to his.  
“More than okay,” she breathed placing a jittery kiss on his cheek.
“I can't believe I'm holding you like this.  I've dreamed of this, Dawn, so many times.  I was so afraid yesterday was a dream.”
“Me too.  I've missed you so much, Nate-”
“Go ahead, Daddy, I'm back.  I'm ready!  You can kiss her now!”  They had an audience.  A very pushy, very interested audience.  They both laughed softly, and Nathan placed a reverent kiss on Dawn's forehead.
He scooped up his daughter and said, “Missy, I think it's time I explain something to you.  Kissing is private.  It's not supposed to be watched.  Do you understand?”
She laughed and ruffled his curls.  ”Whatever you say, Daddy.  But one day you'll kiss her and you won't care who sees.  I know it.  You're so silly, Daddy!”  
And with that, she jumped down and grabbed Dawn's hand.  ”Look, Dawn Selena.”  She opened up her tiny hand and revealed a tiny, beautiful necklace.  There was a small but perfect diamond in the center of it. 
Dawn's eyes filled with tears as Nathan intently watched them both.
“I love it.  It's my favorite jewelry.  I wear it all the time, don't I Daddy?”
“She does, Dawn, all the time,” he concurred, clearing his throat.
“Will you put it on me?” she asked Dawn, holding the delicate chain up to her.
“Of course, I will, and I'm so, so happy you love it.”
She knelt to the little girl's level, and with shaking hands, Dawn placed the necklace around Selena's neck and scooped her up in a tight hug.  
“Daddy always told me it was from his very best friend, Dawn Selena Markson.  I always wanted you to see me wear it, and now you can.  Isn't that great?”
“Yes, that's better than great,” Dawn replied softly, almost too overcome to speak, grateful the child couldn't see the tears streaming down her face.
Selena gave her one last squeeze and ran back into her bedroom, calling out, “It's okay to cry.  I know grown-ups cry, too.  Don't worry about it, Dawn Selena.”
Dawn laughed through her tears and said, “Nathan, God, she is so-”  ”I know, she really is, isn't she?”  Nathan brushed away the remnants of her tears and pulled her to him again.  
“That necklace means the world to her, to both of us, Dawn.”
“Well, I'm glad.  My mom thought I was silly to send a necklace like that to a newborn, but I knew you'd understand it and save it for her.”
“Of course I did.  It was your way of saying you'd be thinking of her and praying for her even if you felt you couldn't be there for her in person.  Even Trisha was touched by it.  She actually started putting it on Selena far earlier than we should have because she thought it was so beautiful.”
“I'm so sorry, Nathan.  I can't believe I never got to hold her as a baby, see her toddle around.  I'm so sorry.”  She clung to him and he squeezed her tight.  ”Hey, stop.  We covered all this yesterday, remember.  I already forgave you for that.  We have to move forward.”  
“You're right.  I really want to do that, Nathan.  I never want to be out of your life again. I can't.”
“I know, Dawn.  I can't either.”
“Speaking of moving forward, though, I have to get to work for my 10:00 meeting,” he said letting her go with a quick kiss on the lips.
He called for Selena, telling her to pack a bag, that she'd be going with him to the office.
Amidst her groans of protest, Dawn's soft voice piped up.  ”I could take her.”
“Really?  She would love that.  It would be a life-saver, actually, I have a lot of meetings today.”
“Sure.  I would love it, Nathan.”
Selena was thrilled, and they all three left together.  Nathan put her booster safely in Dawn's car, and they were off, him to the office, and the girls to shop for Thanksgiving dinner.
If one didn't know better, one would think they were a normal family starting their day.  They were so natural together, so completely natural and easy, those initial first nerves of the day long gone.
***
“Signore McCarthy?  Signore McCarthy, do you concur, sir?”  
Fuck.  What?  What did that guy just say?
“Scusi?”  Fuck, he was hot.
 ”The proposed date for the acquisition?  Do you agree?”
Oh yeah.  That.
“Si.  That should be fine.  Si.”  Whew.
His last meeting of the day was mercifully now over.  He couldn't wait any longer.  He had her on the phone before he even made it out of his office door.
“You are seriously impeding some big-ass deals here.”
“Who, me?  How in the world am I doing all that?”
“I cannot stop thinking about you, Dawn.  All I want is to be with you again.”
“Well, hurry, then, because I feel the same way.”
 
***

 Later that night, they were on his sofa, Selena was long in bed,  and they were making out like a couple of teenagers.  They knew they should talk, they should have a long way to go to make things right between them.  It's just that they didn't really feel that way.  They knew it should be complicated, but it didn't feel complicated.  They weren't sure why.
 And also, they couldn't stop kissing.  
And touching.  
They were stretched out, fully clothed, but hands under shirts to touch bare skin.  He unclasped her bra and palmed both breasts, causing her to buck against him and moan.  
“Dawn,” he breathed.  ”Let's go to my room. I want you.  I want you so bad.”  
“Nathan, I want you.  I want you so much, but I don't- it doesn't feel-”  She nodded towards Selena's room.  ”I'm not comfortable with her being here while we- at least not yet.”
He sighed, sat up and ran his hands through his hair as she sat up herself and put herself back together.
“You're right.  Of course, you're right.  Wow.  You must think I'm real 'Father of the Year' material.  I wasn't thinking straight.”
She laughed her same sweet, “Oh Nathaniel, please” - laugh that he had listened to for so many years and missed like hell for the past seven. It was like music for his soul.  He could listen to it forever.
“Stop, Nathan.  You're a wonderful father.  We're just...us.  We get carried away.”
“Yeah,” he laughed nervously.  ”We do, I guess.  Dawn, do you think we  may be moving too fast?”  He was speaking so softly and sweetly, looking up at her through stray curls that had fallen into his eyes, and she almost caved.  Almost let him take her there  and then.  
“Ye-yeah,” she stammered.  ”We may be.  I don't want to mess this up, Nathan.  I wouldn't make it this time if we did.  I just wouldn't.”
He laced their fingers together and kissed her trembling hands.  ”Me either.  I cannot lose you.  I won't.  Let's just try and let things develop naturally without rushing and getting carried away.  We have to do it right.”
She agreed and they kissed goodnight.  They were committed.  Committed to make it work.
 
***

Well, it lasted until she got back to Christina's.  She texted him as soon as she got into bed.

I miss you, Nathan.

I miss you too, like hell.

See you tomorrow.

It won't be soon enough, but I'll take it.

Goodnight.

Goodnight, yourself.

Nathan, I can't wait until I can wake up with you.  Oh God, did I really just type that?

Me too, Baby, me too.  God, I can't believe she really typed that.
 
                                                            ***

“That was the best meal I've ever had!” exclaimed one very full Selena Trisha McCarthy as she rubbed the belly beneath her orange sweater for effect.  
 
“Daddy, you need to learn to cook like Christina and Dawn!”  ”Hey!  I can cook!”  
 
“Right, Daddy.  You cook about as well as you pick out clothes!”  ”Hey Missy, you take that back!” exclaimed Nathan as he tackled Selena to the floor and began tickling her senseless.  ”Never!” she exclaimed before dissolving into giggles.
 
Christina and Dawn laughed and turned back to loading the dishwasher.  ”God, Christina, he's so wonderful with her.  I just love watching them together.”  ”I know, Dawn, he really is, and that little girl- she's just...”  ”I know.  She is.  She's amazing!”  
 
“Wow, Dawn, you sound like a proud mom,” winked Christina.  Dawn glanced downward and grew wistful.  ”She has a mom, Chrissy, and it's not me.”  
 
“Hey, where's this coming from?” asked her friend as Dawn's eyes teared up.  ”I don't know.  I just... seeing them together just makes me... I always wanted to give Nathan a baby, Christina.  I always wanted to share that with him.”  
 
“Dawn, maybe you still will.  You two just found each other again, and he doesn't seem any too eager to leave you, so who knows what the future holds?  Stop this now, before he sees.  Dry it up!”  Dawn laughed in spite of herself and brushed away the wetness on her cheeks.  ”You're right.  I'm so silly.  Ignore me!”  ”Okay, no problem,” quipped Christina as Dawn playfully swatted her shoulder.  ”Hey!”
 
“So ladies,” said Nathan as he entered the room after settling Sellie down with a coloring book and crayons that Christina had sweetly gotten for her, “my little girl is right about one thing, that was a great meal.  You've done all our moms proud!”  
 
They came up on either side of him and kissed him on each cheek as he gave them each a tight squeeze.  ”And the best part is we're together again.  Just wish old Steve were here!”
 
 With that comment, Christina pulled out of his embrace and walked to the kitchen window, staring out wistfully.  Dawn raised her eyebrows at Nathan as if to say, “Don't ask me...”  He felt badly and walked to Christina's side.  ”Hey, I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to bring up something that's sad for you.”  ”I know, Nathan.  It's not you, it's us.  We're just complicated, and it's just, well, you know...”  
 
He placed a kiss on his friend's cheek and whispered, “Yeah, Chrissy, I know.  Believe me, I know.”  ”Hey, you two, c'mon,” said Dawn, trying to lighten the moment, Selena wants us to play games.”
 
Five rousing games of Go Fish, three rounds of CandyLand, and a fierce game of Twister later, ”Daddy, you are cheating!  You're just trying to get where you can touch Dawn Selena!  ”Shh, Sellie!  Don't give away all my secrets!”,  Selena was dozing on the sofa, her head on Dawn's lap as Christina and Nathan picked everything up.
 
 By the time they got back to her, she was snoring away.  ”Oh, wow.  She's dead to the world already, huh?  I hate to wake her up to take her home.  Guess we overstayed our welcome a little,” said Nathan, running a hand through his hair.  
 
“Hey, Nate, let her spend the night.  You and Dawn can have some time to yourselves.   I mean unless you think she'd wake up scared without you or something.”  ”N-no, she wouldn't, but I don't know-”  Nathan was suddenly embarrassed at the prospect of spending the night alone with Dawn.  For her part, Dawn was a little flushed, head down, stroking Selena's smooth blonde locks.  She didn't say a word.  
 
Christina suddenly realized what they must be thinking.  ”Oh, guys, I didn't mean- I wasn't suggesting- I just meant, she shouldn't be disturbed, and you guys could just be alone and talk, or whatever...”  
 
Nathan took control before all three went through the floor with embarrassment.  ”Hey, I'll tell you what; it's only 9:00.  We could leave her here with you and take a walk, and then after that, we'll see.  I mean, if you want to, Dawn.”  He added that last part so softly that Christina suddenly remembered him as teenage Nathan- sweet, a little unsure, just awkward enough to be cute, but not weird.  
 
Dawn looked up and smiled.  ”That sounds perfect, Nathan.  I'd love to.”  
 
After moving Selena to the guest room where Dawn was staying, tucking her in bed, and kissing her softly, Nathan thanked Christina and took Dawn's hand in his.  ”Ready, Dawn?” “Always,” she said sweetly, giving his hand a tight squeeze.  As they exited the apartment, Christina looked wistfully after them.
 
They strolled hand-in-hand, under twinkling stars.  They didn't talk much, but their communication was strong.  They were content.  There was nowhere else on Earth either would want to be, no one else either wanted to be with.  
 
Finally, when she thought he never would, and when he thought he would die if he didn't, Nathan slowed his stride, stopped them, took her face gently in his hands and kissed her.  Their hearts felt as if they would leap from their chests.  
 
When they finally pulled away, Nathan grabbed her in a tight hug and breathed into hair, “Dawn, I love you.  I love you so much.  I never stopped.  I will  never stop.”  There was a catch in his voice and she knew he was crying.  She pulled him closer to her, raising to her tip-toes to get closer to his ear.  ”I love you, too.  I always have.  I always will, “ she choked out, her own tears spilling over.  
 
They pulled away and wiped away each other's tears, smiles as bright and big as the moon they were under.  They continued walking, feeling light, feeling ecstatically happy, and this time, talking a mile a minute, about everything and nothing.  Before they knew it, they found themselves on one of the busiest streets in Rome, the Via del Corso.
 
“Oh, Nathan, we're near Trevi Fountain!  Let's toss a coin in, okay!”  ”Sure, let's go!” he responded, eager to make her happy.  
 
When they came to the foot of the fountain, they were both carried away with its beauty.  The spotlights surrounding it gave it an even more ethereal quality than ever.  They each made a wish and tossed in a coin, over their left shoulders, backs to the fountain, just as the legend states you should.  
 
“You know Nathan,” began Dawn with a gleam in her eye, “there's another Trevi Fountain legend.  Do you know what it is?”  
 
“I don't know- seems like I should- I'm sure I learned it, but...- refresh my memory?”  
 
“Well,” she explained,  ”legend states that lovers who drink from the miniature fountain on the left- it's called the 'small fountain of lovers'- will always be faithful to each other.”
 
 He stood, arms crossed in front of his chest, nodding his head and smirking at her.    ”Hey, you knew all along!” she exclaimed.    ”I did,” he laughed.  ”I just wanted the 'professore' to explain it to me,” he teased.  
 
“You're making fun of me!” she fussed, playfully smacking his bottom.  ”I'm not!  I'm proud of you, actually.  I'm so happy for you, that you're doing what you want you've always wanted to do.”  
 
“Well, I'm proud of you too,” she offered, softening.  ”We managed to grow into two pretty productive members of society after all, Partner!”  ”Yeah,” he responded, tucking her hair behind her right ear, “I guess we did.”  
 
“So, do you wanna go for it?”  she said, looking up at him coyly.  ”Dawn, I will always be faithful to you no matter what, but yeah, if you want to, I'm game.”  ”Cool!  Come on,” she exclaimed, grabbing his hand and leading him over to the little fountain.  They had no cups, so Nathan scooped up some water in both of his hands and took a sip before allowing her to do the same.  They sealed it with a kiss, and continued walking.  
 
Suddenly, Dawn's phone alerted her of a text, and she stopped to look at it.  Just then, a woman approached Nathan from the right, and he turned to her.  She was apparently a fan, asking to see if it was indeed them, and requesting an autograph.  He kindly agreed and made small talk with the woman, as best he could; her English was broken and his Italian, although getting better, was far from perfect.  
 
Dawn couldn't have been out of his sight for more than a minute, two at most.  When the woman walked away, though, he couldn't see her.  He walked around to the other side of the fountain, softly calling for her.  
 
When she didn't appear, he began to call louder.  Not a sound.  People were milling about, but she wasn't among them.  He kept walking around and around the fountain, calling her name.
 
 He was trying to remain calm; Nathan had never been one to panic.  Soon though, he was growing quite upset, and began calling for her more urgently.  ”Dawn!  Dawn, where are you!?”  People were staring; he must seem like a crazy person, running around and around the fountain, screaming a woman's name.
 
 No one offered any help, though.  He couldn't help but think that if they were home, in the States, someone would have offered to help him by now.
 
Think.   Think Nathan.  Get ahold of yourself.    He sank onto a bench and pulled his phone out of his pocket, dialing Christina's number.  She answered sleepily, and he poured out the facts of what was going on.  She gasped, “What? No, she's not back.  I haven't seen or heard from her since you guys left!  Nathan, what's happening?  I'm scared!”  
 
“Me too, Christina, me too.  Chrissy, how- how could the most perfect day ever turn into this?  Oh my God...”
 
 

 CHAPTER SEVEN


The next few hours were a blur for Nathan.  He vaguely remembered being picked up by a dazed Christina and dissolving in tears in her arms, wetting her shirt through to her skin.  He was aware that Senora Rosa was called to stay with a frightened Selena.  He kind of knew that his and Dawn's parents had been contacted and were on their way.  They hadn't even known for sure that Dawn and Nathan had reconnected, although both sets of parents were hoping, as they had been aware that their kids were in the same city even before Dawn and Nathan were.  Parents can be sneaky that way.  It should have been so perfect, should have been easy; instead they were caught up in a nightmare.
 
His mind was jumbled.  He had been over and over his story with so many different law enforcement and US Embassy officials that his words were slurring and he was becoming quite dazed.  The Guardia di Finanza had contacted the Polizia di Stato who had contacted the American Consulate.    Even the Ambassador to Italy himself had become involved. Nathan could not believe it. He had no idea, but it didn't take long before it was all over the news.  He needed sleep, but he knew he wouldn't be able to, even if he had time.
 
Kidnapped.  Such a scary word.  Such a mean thing for such a sweet soul like Dawn to be a part of.  He blanched every time they asked him, “Think Signore McCarthy, think.  Did Signorina Markson have any enemies, anyone who would want to hurt her?”  What were they talking about?  Enemies?  Dawn?
 
It was inevitable that he would lose it.  It was all just too much.  They asked him once again about Dawn's enemies.  Then they suggested romantic entanglements that could have possibly gone wrong.  They all but called her a whore (okay, suggested the possibility that she may be some kind of whore...) and he just could not anymore.  He was no longer in his right mind, and that had been the last straw.  
 
He suddenly jumped up and backed the detective up against the wall- Nathan was still a pretty strong guy-holding him by the collar roughly, and fairly growled at him.  ”Listen to me.  You need to shut the hell up about her character.  She is the most beautiful spirit in this entire fucking world and she literally would not hurt a fucking fly, do you understand me?  She has no enemies.  She is not having an illicit affair of any kind.  She loves me, for God's sake, you moron.  You need to get the Hell out of this house and find her.  Please.  Please, just go find her. Please, man, please.”
 
 And there it was.  As quickly as he had become angry, he was dissolving in tears again, apologizing and patting the detective's shoulder.  ”I'm so sorry; I know you're just doing your job.  I'm so messed up right now, I'm sorry.”  Christina was at his side in a flash, leading him back to the sofa and patting his chest, shushing him as one would a small child.
 
The man was nice about it; it wasn't the first time a victim's loved one had lost it with him.  He understood.  He would probably react the same if he were in Nathan's shoes.
 
They were all hunkered down in Christina's apartment. Rosa had Selena at Nathan's and he didn't want her around the investigation; besides officials felt that they needed to be where Dawn had been staying, where her things were. Tensions were just running high.  They told him he would probably be contacted for ransom.  Every time his cell phone rang, the entire room buzzed with action.  They were recording and tracing all his calls.  Waiting for the call.  
 
When his phone rang this time, they all went into action, as usual.  ”Nathan?”  A frightened, teary-sounding female voice.  
 
“Signore!  Is that-?”  Nathan shook his head.  It was Trisha.  He breathed heavily and ran a hand through his curls.  ”No, it's my ex-wife.”  
 
They allowed him some privacy to talk to her, so he went into Christina's bedroom and sank heavily onto the bed.
 
 ”Trish?  Trish, it's bad; it's real bad.”  ”I know, I know, Nathan.  Your mom called me.  Is Sellie okay?  She's not hurt?”
 
 ”No, no, she wasn't with us.  She's back at my place- we're all at Christina's- with her tutor, you know, Rosa Bianchi.”  
 
He could hear Trisha breathe a sigh of relief.  ”Okay.  I mean, I knew she was okay or I would know, but I still just needed to hear you say it.  Nathan, I'm sorry this has happened.  I would never- I mean no matter what, I would never wish anything like this-” she was crying openly now and could not go on.
 
 ”I know that, Trish, shush, I know.  Trish?  Can you come here?  I need you.  I just- I really think you should get Sellie and take her home with you.  I just- I can't-”  ”I know, Nathan, I know.  I was going to tell you that I'm coming.  I'm coming, just hold on. “
 
When he came out of the room, Christina could see that he had been crying again.  She felt so helpless.  She simply wrapped her arms around her old friend and held on tight.  That was all that she could do.
 
 
***
 
On a plane, somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean, two mothers, friends for over twenty-five years, held onto each other's hands across the aisle. 
 
“Cassandra, she's going to be okay.  She will.  They will find her.”
 
 ”I know, I know.  There is no other way.  We would just- Nathan- none of us- we could not bear another outcome, so yes, Dorothy, she has to be okay.  My baby has to be okay.”
 
And with that, there was very little additional conversation, as there was nothing more to say.  They just continued to hold onto each other's hands and pray.  Their minds could not help but go back in time.  They didn't know it, but many of their thoughts were the same, so intertwined were their lives that they even had the same memories.  
 
Dawn and Nathan just starting out, small for their age, unsure, shy, but loving it.  Loving dancing.  Learning to love each other.
 
Dawn and Nathan winning their first junior dance competition, smiles as big as the world.  Hugging each other in the sidelines for the first time.  Awkward and sweet.
 
Dawn and Nathan becoming more confident, winning almost every single competition they entered.  So close now, they were like one person.  So close now that their very heartbeats were in sync.
 
Dawn and Nathan, on top of the world, Champion dancers. So proud of each other, so lost in each other, as if no one else existed.  All of the blood, sweat, and tears of all those years together poured into those words, spoken from heart.
 
Dawn and Nathan at his wedding, looking a little lost.  As if two halves of the same heart were being ripped apart.  Sharing a dance at the reception, wordlessly wiping tears from each other's faces.  Everyone in the room, the bride included, feeling like intruders.
 
That had been the last time their parents had seen them in the same room together.  
 
***

On the same plane, two fathers, both strong men, normally very in control of their emotions, held tightly onto their wives' free hands.
 
They both turned away, looking out of their respective windows so no one else would see the unshed tears pooling in their eyes.
 
Dawn.  Sweet Dawn.  Who would ever want to hurt her?
 
Nathan’s father Roger knew his son must be a mess.  He knew, because he knew how much his son loved her, had always loved her.  He was haunted now by a memory he couldn't shake.
 
Nathan, coming to him soon after his honeymoon with Trisha, at what should have been the happiest time of his life.  Nathan, frazzled, desperate.  ”Dad.  Dad, I really screwed up.”  Nathan clinging to him like when he was a boy, choking out the words.  ”I feel like I'm going crazy, Dad.  I can't do this.  I love Dawn.  I love her so much.  Dad, what have I done?”
 
 He had told his son, his namesake, the pride of his life, to simply suck it up and deal.
 
 ”Man up, Nathan.  She's not your wife.  Trisha is.  You made a vow to her.  You're having a child with her.  You will do right by her and that baby.  What's done is done.”
 
And God bless him, he had.  He had tried his best.  He never spoke of it with his father again after that day.  Nathan’ could only imagine how hard that had to have been.  He was in awe of his son.  That must be every father's dream, he thought.  To raise a kid you're actually in awe of.  He silently willed him to tap into that strength now, to be strong for her.  For Dawn.
 
Graham Markson was trying.  He was trying so hard.   He had been on the phone with every connection he had ever made in his life, anyone who he thought could help his little girl.  He hated, fucking hated not being able to control this situation.  But he was trying to remain calm for his wife.  And for his girl, his precious little princess, his champion.  He marveled at how strong she had been throughout her life.  Learning to deal with health and physical issues had almost broken her, but she made it; she never gave up.  With Nathan by her side, strong and sure, her perfect partner, she had made it all the way to a dance championship win.  She would make it now.  She had to.  
 
He thought of their conversation, the night she left home and moved away, the week after Nathan's wedding.  ”I'm sorry, Daddy.  I have to go.  I love him, Daddy.  I love him so much.  I can't stay here; I just can't.”  
 
He had tried to understand; he knew Nathan wouldn't purposely hurt his daughter, but Good Lord, Nathan, what the Hell?  
 
But when he really thought it through- he knew soon after the wedding that Trisha was pregnant-what would he have the kid do?  What could he do?  It was just a mess. So, he just held his little girl and let her cry on his chest.
 
She had been so strong, even then.  Now, she had a chance for happiness again.  They had a chance.   Hold on Dawn.  Hold on Baby, Daddy's coming.
 
***
 
Selena McCarthy had never been a nervous child.  She was warm, confident, exuberant.  But she was also a perceptive child, and today she was nervous, on edge.  She knew something was wrong.  She knew her daddy was upset when she had talked to him on the phone, although she could tell he was trying to act normally.  She knew something had happened to Dawn Selena and that her daddy couldn't find her. 
 
This feeling reminded her of when her parents were breaking up, but before they told her.  When she knew, but didn't know, all at the same time.
 
She didn't like this feeling.  
 
The McCarthys were a family of faith and she knew how to pray.  She had been taught to pray all of her life.
 
In her room, by herself, she got down on her little knees and put her hands together, just like her mommy had taught her.
 
“Please, God.  I know something bad is wrong.  Please protect Dawn Selena and bring her back to us.  Please take care of my daddy.  He's scared, I can tell.  Please take care of my mommy and my grandparents.  They are on big planes flying over the ocean.  Please help us all, God.”
 
She got up on her bed and lay down.  She held onto her angel wing necklace and closed her eyes tight, as a lone tear slipped down her face.
 
***
 
 Nathan's arms had always been Dawn's safest place, for as long as she could remember.  His arms were strong and tender at the same time.  He held her like she was the most precious thing in the world, like he would never let her go.  He held her in a way that even when she wasn't in his arms, she still felt them around her.  His arms were her home.  
 
She was in and out of consciousness now; they had drugged her to keep her quiet, to get her here without too much fuss.  She dreamed she was in Nathan's arms- she could have sworn she felt them around her.
 
She tried to look around and focus, to figure out where she was.  She was lying on a dirty floor, in a dark room. She was tied and gagged.  Her mouth was dry, so dry.
 
She was trying to think what had happened.  They had been at the fountain.  They were so happy.  They had told each other they still loved each other.  He had kissed her.   She remembered how it seemed that no time had passed between them.  How they still fit.  How they still belonged to each other.  
 
Someone came up to speak to him at the same time she was getting a text or a call, or something.  And that was it.  She had no idea what happened after that.
 
Her head was aching.  She was scared.  She tried not to panic.  
 
Nathan.  She needed Nathan.  She needed to be in his arms.  His arms were her safe place.  His arms were her home.
 
She was jarred by a door opening and rough male voices.  They snatched the gag off of her mouth and pulled her up on her knees.  She was so scared, so she just thought of him.  Nathan.
 
Nathan will find me.  I know he will find me.

***
 
Back at Christina's, night had turned into day, and back into night again.  Their parents were there now, scared to death, trying to be strong.  He hadn't been able to look Dawn's parents in the eyes.  He felt like such a dumb fuck.  How could he have let this happen to her?
 
He was overcome with gratitude when, sensing his unrest around them and instinctively knowing the cause of it, Graham and Cassandra had simply put their arms around him and held him close.  
 
“It's not your fault, Nathan.  It's not your fault.  We know.  It's not your fault.”
 
He soon felt he was going to lose his mind; the hovering, the concerned looks, although understandable and comforting, could also be stifling.  He needed air.  He needed a break.
 
He quietly slipped out onto Christina's little deck and stared up at the stars.  She was out there, somewhere.  He needed her in his arms.  If she were in his arms, she would be safe.
 
Nathan bent his head, as if praying.  He talked to her with his mind and his heart.  
 
“I'll find you, Dawn.  I promise.  I promise I'll find you.”
 
Just then, his ringing phone pierced the silent night.
 
The voice was quiet, but hoarse.  It contained both fear and hope.  
 
“Nathan?  Nathan, it's me.”


CHAPTER EIGHT

 Oh, God.  It's her.  Right when he was thinking of her, vowing to her that he would find her, his phone had rung.  It was a sign, right?  She was going to be okay, right?  
 
Nathan was frantic inside but struggling to sound calm.  He didn't want her to know how scared he was, for fear she would become more afraid than she must already be.  He also wanted to remember how he was supposed to act- what they had told him to say, to do.  ”When you get the call, Signore, keep them on the line as long as possible.  Remain calm.”  
 
Cassandra, Christina, and Dorothy held each other's hands and whispered words of hope.  ”It's her!  She's okay!  Everything's going to be okay; this is a sign!”
 
“Dawn?  Honey, are you okay?”  As he spoke, he ran back inside the house and alerted the authorities that she was on the line.  They were already on it; they had hacked into Nathan's phone as soon as this nightmare began; he didn't need to tell them; of course they knew.  They were signaling him to keep her talking, keep her on the line; the longer, the better, to make it easier to trace.
 
“I- yeah, Nate-”  The phone was abruptly snatched from Dawn's ear and the men strode away from her.
 
“Signore McCarthy- you hear her voice?  Now you know she is alive- for now.  You will do just as we say if she is to remain that way, si?”  
 
The color drained from Nathan's face.  ”Put her back on the phone!  What have you done to her!?”  Nathan could see the officers putting up their hands, signaling him to stay calm and not lose his temper.  Just breathe.  Just breathe.
 
“Signore, no!  You are not, as they say, calling shots?  You will bring 2.5 million Euros to the Trevi fountain, north entrance by la una, domani.  In a plain bag, da solo- just you.  Non polizia!”  
 
“Okay, okay.  Let me talk to her again, please!”  But the phone went dead.  Just like that, she was gone again.
 
 ”Did you get it?  Do you know where she is?”  Nathan began questioning the detectives and other officials gathered in the room as their parents and Christina looked on with expressions of desperation.
 
“Cristo Santo!  Merda!  Cavolo!”  From the string of Italian profanities streaming from the mouths of the two main detectives in charge, Nathan knew something had gone wrong.  He moved over to Christina's sofa and put his head in his hands, letting loose a very loud “Damn it!” of his own.
 
He could vaguely make out something about the equipment malfunctioning, he wasn't sure.  His mom tried to comfort him, but he brushed her off, a little more roughly than he meant to.  He quickly apologized; he felt like he was losing it.  He began pulling up his bank account to get the money together.  All he was thinking was that he had to do exactly as they said; he had to get her back.  She had spoken to him; she sounded okay.  That was a sign, right?  They would find her.  He had to believe it.  
 
Bernard, a consulate official who had been especially kind to them sat down beside Nathan and began talking quietly to him.  ”They aren't going to let you actually do it you know.  They won't let you go alone.  They are trained for this.  They know how to be there without anyone knowing it.”  ”Yeah, whatever, they have to do what they have to do, and I do too,” Nathan answered.  
 
***
On the plane, Trisha sat quietly staring out the window.  What a strange feeling had come over her since this all began.  Something like fear. Something like regret.  Something like guilt.  She couldn't quite shake the feeling that this was all her fault.  If she had only realized long ago that she and Nathan hadn't had the right kind of connection to build a marriage on.  The problem was that she had loved him and he had loved her; she was sure of it.  It just wasn't the right kind of love; she knew that now.  She was struggling as she sat here, thinking of all the signs she had missed.  She should have let Nathan go long ago.  Maybe none of this would have happened.  There had always been signs.  At first, Trisha had perhaps honestly missed the signs; Nathan was the nicest guy to ever want her.  She was captivated by his simplicity; she thrived on it.  But later the signs were obvious, and she knew she had chosen to ignore them.  Dawn and Nathan were so intertwined, always had been.   Nathan was hers; she wasn't about to hand him over; Dawn already had most of him anyway, she remembered thinking bitterly. And then there was Selena.  Neither she nor Nathan would take anything for that little girl; she was definitely meant to be in this world, so perhaps she was a sign too.  A sign that everything happens in its own time and in its own way.  Trisha stared out the window and hoped for a new sign; a sign that a girl she had once thought of as her closest friend, a girl she had once loved like a sister, would be okay. 
 
***
 
Ispettore D’Antonio, the lead investigator with whom Nathan had gotten into it earlier, told him to let his assistant handle the money; they wouldn't actually need it anyway... we will find her...they would call back...he knew how these bastards worked, and on and on; Nathan was only half listening.  D’Antonio asked if he recognized the voice at all, or if he heard anything in the background of the call that could help them pinpoint her location.  
 
At first, Nathan was too jumpy to even really think about it, but out of the corner of his eye, he caught Cassandra Markson's pleading eyes and he knew he had to really try.  When he really thought about it, there was something about the man's voice- not the sound of it, exactly, but his phrasing, the way he went back and forth between Italian and English- that was a little familiar to Nathan.  He wasn't sure exactly, but it reminded him of someone he had spoken to before since he had been in Rome.  As far as hearing something in the background, he couldn't really say.  The police decided to leave him alone for awhile; they were working frantically with their equipment trying to get the call back.  Nathan and Dawn's parents were trying to stay in the background, clinging to hope and to each other.  
 
Christina walked over to Nathan and put her head on his shoulder.  ”Hey, Bud.  You hanging?”  Nathan put his arm around her shoulders and looked into her eyes.  ”Barely Chrissy.  Barely.”  ”Nathan, I know she's okay.  I know we're going to find her.” “I know, Christina, I know.  She has to be okay.  We have to find her.  I mean, we both ended up here, by chance.  We just got each other back.  She told me she still loves me.  It's all a sign, right?  I know it is.  She has to be okay.  God won't take her from me, right?”  
 
Just then, Nathan's phone rang again and the whole room held its collective breath.  It was Trisha; she and Damien had arrived.  Nathan quickly filled her in and told her how to get from the airport to his apartment so that she could be with Selena.  She said all the right things; Trisha was really supportive at times; always had been.  Besides, she really cared about Nathan; they had never grown to hate each other, thank God; that would have been terrible for Sellie.  At one time, Trisha had loved Dawn; they had been close.  They had all been friends one time, long ago; long ago when life was simple and none of them could have fathomed anything like this entering their world. 

***
 
Dawn lay quietly on the floor and listened intently. She couldn't explain it, but she could feel Nathan's presence around her.  She knew he was with her and that he was going to find her, she just didn't know how yet.  Hearing his voice for that brief moment had been like Heaven to her.
 
Her two captors had not done their homework very well.  They had no idea that their hostage was fluent in Italian.  Whatever they had given her had worn off completely; she was totally lucid now, but she didn't want them to know that, of course.  She was getting pretty good at acting loopy. They really did not seem that smart to Dawn.  She had them fooled so easily.  As she listened, she figured out why.  They weren't really criminals.  This was all tied to that deal Nathan was working on.  These two were part of a family conglomerate that was being sold by a relative who was the CEO.  They stood to lose a lot of money in revenue; they didn't want the family companies to be sold.  The more she listened, she realized that these two losers had never worked a day in their lives.  They drew residuals just for being family; shareholders from birth, probably.  They stood to lose millions; apparently selling it all would not be that lucrative, not for them, anyway; profits from the sale wouldn't trickle down far enough to keep them up in the way they had become accustomed, or something.  They were in the back of the room, deep in conversation, not paying any attention to her at all. She gingerly sat up and began looking around for some kind of sign as to where she was.  She saw an old table and some sort of restaurant-looking equipment lying around.  She saw built-in shelves.  Flour?  Were those bags of flour?  She kept looking around.  She started walking, standing on her tiptoes.  She looked back at the men, but still, they paid her no mind.  She couldn't believe their ineptitude; thank God for it.  There was a small window on the other side of the room.  She walked quietly over and climbed on a box to see out.  Right before they noticed her and jerked her down, she spotted it.  A sign.  Panetteria.  It was worn; old lettering on old, weathered wood, but she was sure that's what it said. 
 
They were furious with her.  She had to be sweet, act dumb.  So she did.  She convinced them that she didn't see a thing.  They calmed down.  They were so predictable.  Now she just had to get them to call Nathan back.  She began to develop a plan in her head.  
 
***
 
Dawn and Nathan's relationship had always been full of signs.  
 
There were signs that they saw and took to heart.
 
When he was eight and she was nine and he put out his hand and she took it without flinching, like it was her job, his mom had said that it was a sign.  This one wasn't too silly; this one would work out.
 
When they had only been together a few months and then won the first competition they ever entered, the dads said it was a sign.  ”Hey, I think they're going to be pretty good!
 
When they were both ten and she could finally look in his eyes completely and hold it, Coach Emerson had said that it was a sign.  They're going to be something special.
 
When Nathan understood so effortlessly and so completely how to take care of her on the dance floor, how to compensate for her lack of depth-perception, like it was second-nature for him, like it was just so normal to do so,  her mom knew that it was a sign.  He's your perfect partner, Dawn.  He's a good leader.  Let him lead.
 
When Taylor agreed to take them on after just one quick run-through, after barely watching them at all, they took it as a sign.  She believes in us.  We're going to be National Dance Champions, Dawn!
 
When they did the program with a passion that belied their young ages and sexual inexperience, Taylor took it as a sign.  They something special.  They don't know it yet, but they going to be in love one day.
 
When they won the first trophy, everyone who was anyone in dance saw it as a sign.  They're going to be the ones.  They're going to hit the top.
 
And, of course, there were signs they missed and signs they ignored.
 
When they were fifteen and suddenly seemed on fire around each other; when the touch of their hands ignited the blood in their veins.  He wanted to kiss her, but he didn't.
 
When they were eighteen and seventeen and they got tipsy  at the lake that summer and danced like fools in the moonlight, when their hearts nearly beat out of their chests just to hold each other.  She wanted to lead him inside the cabin and tell him to make love to her, beg him if she had to, but she didn't.
 
After the championship win, when they did make love, finally, without thinking, just like it was breathing , and it had been so beautiful, so perfect, so natural.  They should have told each other, they should have told everyone.  They should have been together from that moment on, but they weren't.
 
On his wedding morning, when he left Trisha to be with her, Trisha knew, but denied it to herself.  He should have known, should have made himself see- no probably more like should have allowed himself to see- Dawn was his heart and soul; she was his breath, his blood, his bone, his own self.  
 
Dawn had known.  She had seen the signs first, but loving him as she did, she wanted only what he wanted, so it was hard.  She held on for as long as she could; the signs she missed were more about herself- she thought she could stay around him and just be his friend and just be.  And she did, until she could not any longer.  
 
The best sign had been one that they both felt immediately, undeniably.  When they saw each other at Christina's studio the other day.  When they touched each other after so many years.  When they danced together and it was like coming home.  Like letting out a breath you didn't even know you were holding- they knew.  They knew they were done running, done ignoring, done trying to be apart.  
 
And now, as Nathan stood on Christina's porch, he was searching again, for another sign.  When he looked up into the night sky, pleading with God, he saw it.
 
 A shooting star.  He felt it now.  She was coming back to him.  Even though it seemed like a dead-end case.  Even though they couldn't seem to catch a break, he just knew.  
 
As he closed his eyes and sighed, feeling more ease than he had since this nightmare had begun, his phone rang in his pocket.  He knew before he answered.  Just like he knew who he loved before he would let his heart answer.  
 
It was her.


CHAPTER NINE

“Dawn!”  Nathan rushed back inside with his phone clasped tightly to his ear like a lifeline.  He stood right by the door and listened intently as officials worked to again trace the call and everyone in the room held their breaths.
 
“Iyay'may okayyay.” 
 
Nathan suddenly grinned widely, ran his free hand through his hair and sank to the floor.  Pig Latin.  He hadn't heard it in years.  It was their “special thing.”  Well, one of their special things; they had many, actually.  They used to use it all the time to talk about their coaches or to just say something that they didn't want them to understand.  They'd had to watch it with Emerson; he had eventually gotten pretty good, but Igor and Taylor never seemed to be able to catch on.  When he heard her using it, he knew two things- she was really okay and she was not alone.
 
 He was surprised how easily it came back to him.  He knew it by heart, just like he knew her.  She was telling him she could see an old bakery sign.  
 
He answered her back.  He knew he probably didn't have to answer her in Pig Latin, but he wanted to.  He knew it would drive the cops who were listening insane, and everyone else in the room too, for that matter, but he didn't care.  He did it to make her feel safe, to show her that he remembered.  To show her that they were in this together.  Nathan and Dawn against the world- just like when they were kids at the dance studio.  He spoke softly, slumped against the wall, and the rest of the room faded away.
 
The moms watched, tears in their eyes.  They knew.  This was the biggest sign yet.  She was calling with just the information Nathan needed, and now he would know exactly what to do.  Now they would get her back.
 
He laughed softly as everyone in the room watched in wonder.  

Idiot Two will wake up soon and be mad.  Oh, God, Dawn.  What have you done?
  The line went dead.  Nathan lowered his phone to the floor beside him and bent his head back to the wall, closing his eyes tightly.
 
D’Antonio was on him immediately.  ”Signore, what was that strange talk?  We couldn't understand!” Nathan stood up and said quietly, “It's okay.  Come on.  I know where she is.”  Everyone was talking to him at once; the moms and Christina were going nuts.  
 
Nathan put up his hands and shouted to everyone in the room.  ”I don't have time to explain.  All you need to know is she's okay and I know where she is, but we have to go now!”
 
The officials were trying to tell him he couldn't go; he wouldn't have it.  ”Like hell, I'm staying here.  Like hell.  Let's go.  Now.”  He was vaguely aware that he had probably never said a swear word in front of the moms before, and since Nathan is Nathan, he felt bad for like a fraction of a second.  But he thought he saw something in their eyes like, maybe, pride, he wasn't sure, but it made him smile, just a little.  The cops backed off and quickly left with him; he would fill them in on the way.  
 
As they pulled away from Christina's building, he saw Trisha, Damien, and Selena pulling in.  He rolled down his window, annoyed with Trisha for bringing Sellie here.  She explained that Sellie wouldn't go back with her; she was insisting on being near him and Dawn when he brought her home, which she was very very sure her daddy would do, by the way.
 
It didn't take him long to soften when Sellie climbed up on Trisha's lap and called, “Go get her, Daddy!” grinning in all her snaggle-toothed glory.  God, he loved that kid.  As they pulled away, he waved back and called, “That's the plan, Sellie, that's the plan!”
 
***

Christina was startled when her cell rang.  Although there were many people in her small apartment, everyone was quiet, almost reverent.  Each person was silently praying, thinking, hoping.  Nathan and the police officials had been gone for over an hour and they had heard nothing.  The dads were pacing.  There were a couple of consulate or police officials, she wasn't sure which at this point, milling about.  Selena was on the sofa, stretched out with her head in her mom's lap and her feet in Dorothy's.  She was in and out of sleep as Trisha stroked her hair.  Damien was politely trying to stay out of the way and Cassandra busied herself in the kitchen, making coffee that no one drank.  Christina was staring at the stars.  When she heard the ring, she looked quickly to see who it was and shook her head immediately to let the others know it wasn't them.
 
She quietly slipped into her bedroom to take the call.  Could it really be?  Could he really still have the same number?  She answered quietly and her eyes immediately filled with tears when she heard the voice on the other end.  ”Chrissy?  Oh, God, I just heard.  I've been on a hunting trip, away from communication.  What's happening?  The news is vague.  Is she okay?  Christina, can you hear me?”  
 
“Steve?  Steve, hey, is it really you?”

***
 
It was all Nathan could do not to burst into tears when he saw her.  Disheveled clothing, messy hair, dirty face and hands.  To him, she had never been more beautiful.  The cops already had the furious and rabidly cursing Idiot One and Idiot Two, as Dawn had called them, in cuffs by the time he got to her.  She was lying on the floor in a dark corner of the basement, hands tied together, mouth gagged.  When she saw him, her eyes lit up like he was her whole world.
 
“You know, Dawn,” he said as he untied her hands and carefully removed the gag, “if you want to try ties and gags, we can, but not like this, okay?”  He winked wickedly as she threw her arms around him.  ”Oh, God, Nathan, shut up!”  They laughed together as he cradled her in his arms and picked her up.  He sank up against the wall and held her like a baby.  She never wanted to let go.  For the first time since this all began, she felt safe.
 
 Finally, his arms.  She was in Nathan's arms, her safest place in the world since she was eight years old.  She buried her face in the crook of his neck and he felt her laughter turn to tears.
 
 ”I knew you'd find me.  I knew,” she cried softly.  Nathan felt his own tears stinging his eyes as he rocked her gently.  ”Of course I did.  I found you because you made sure I would.  You are the smartest, bravest nerd in this entire world, Dawn.  You drove everyone crazy with the Pig Latin.  It was brilliant, Baby.  I love you so damn much.”  
 
“Me too, oh me too,” she breathed and shifted her body so she could kiss him.  They stayed just like that for a few minutes; Nathan couldn't believe everyone was leaving them alone, but they seemed to be actually respecting their privacy for a few moments, so he relished in it.  She told him everything, and then he stood with her still in his arms and said, “Let's get out of here, Dawn.”  She tried to tell him she could walk, but he wouldn't hear of it, and carried her up all three flights of the decrepit building.
 
They both squinted at the sun just beginning to rise.  They were both touched when the hard-nosed cops milling about began to quietly clap as he carried her out of the building.  He carefully put her down and began looking around nervously.  Bernard knew what Nathan was doing immediately.  He was searching for the men who had taken her.  Nathan had a rather murderous gleam in his eyes that Bernard recognized from dealing with victims' loved ones for many years.
 
 ”They already took them away, Signore McCarthy.  They will be duly punished; already, how you say, sang like canaries?”  He told Nathan and Dawn he had never seen perps confess so easily.  They had also easily given up the woman who had helped them by distracting Nathan.  She was the off again/on again girlfriend of one of them. Nathan listened intently, shaking his head as Dawn and the cops filled him in on the whole story of who they were and what they were up to.   “I told you they were dumb,” Dawn grinned up at Nathan as they climbed in the unmarked car to go back to Christina's.
 
In the back of the car, she lay her head in his lap and Nathan rubbed her back and told her again how sorry he was that his job had gotten them into this mess.  She assured him she didn't blame him.  She sat up as they got close to the apartment and looked intently into Nathan's eyes.
 
 ”Did I dream it, Nathan?”  ”Dream what, Baby?” he answered softly, kissing her hands.  ”At the fountain, did we say it?  Did we say we still loved each other?”  Nathan smiled that mega-watt smile that the world had fallen in love with during the championship; the smile Dawn had fallen in love with long before that.  ”Yeah, we did.  You didn't dream it.  It's real.” 
 
He said it again, this time into her mouth as he held her face and kissed her.  ”I love you, Dawn Markson.  Always.”
 
 
 
 




CHAPTER TEN

Nathan opened one eye, trying to discern the time of day from the way the light shone through his bedroom sheers.  He could just make out the faintest orange sunset (or was it a sunrise; he couldn't be sure anymore.)  Dawn stirred in his arms, seeming to know in her sleep that he had moved.  He heard a faint knock and began trying to extricate himself from Dawn.  She only rested if she was in his arms these days.  She whimpered slightly and pulled on his Chrissy-shirt, “Nathan-no, don't-”  He shushed her with a soft kiss to her forehead, “There's someone at the door, Dawn, it's ok, I'll be back.  Just go back to sleep.  You're ok, I promise.”  She let go and turned over and he stroked her back until he felt her breathing change and he knew she was asleep again.  
 
He stumbled to the door to find Christina and an exuberant Sellie.  His little girl squealed, “Daddy!” and threw herself into his arms as he placed a finger to his lips.  ”Shh, Baby, Dawn's sleeping.”  He put Selena down and she squinted up at him with her “worried look.”  ”Daddy, she sure sleeps a lot since you rescued her from those bad men.  Are you sure she's not sick?”  Nathan got down on one knee and looked into her eyes.  ”Sellie, honey, she's not sick.  She's just been through something very bad and she needs rest.  She'll be ok, I promise.”  ”Ok, Daddy, if you say so.  I'm going to play in my room, but I'll be quiet.”  And with that, she was gone, blonde braids that her mother had put in earlier that morning bouncing on her shoulders.
 
Nathan and Christina sank down on the sofa and he ran his hands over his face.  ”So I guess it's about 5:30 or so?”  ”Right around there, yeah.  You look like hell, Nathan.”  ”Thanks, Buddy, I appreciate that.  Hey, thanks for taking Trisha and Damien to the airport.  Was she ok?”
 
“Yeah, she was.  She hugged me, I mean really hugged me, Nathan, like the old days.  She seems genuine to me.  What do you think?”  
 
“Yeah, she definitely is.  She's been great since this whole mess started. She came for Sellie, of course, but she came for Dawn, too.  She was pretty shaken up.  You know, they used to be really close, before- everything.  And she and I had been getting along much better anyway.  We're trying, I guess, to be friends again.  We have to, for Sellie, you know, co-parenting and all.  But this thing with Dawn, it really threw Trisha.  Like it did all of us, I guess.”
 
“Yeah, I saw them at my place the other day.  They looked like the Dawn and Nathan from back in the day.  It was sweet.  Hey, Nathan, is she sleeping any better at all?”
 
Nathan laid his head back on the sofa and turned to look at his old friend.  ”Ugh ugh.  Not really.”  Christina patted his knee and laid her head on his shoulder as they began to recount the events of the past few days...
 
***
 
The authorities had been kind enough to take Dawn's statement at Christina's place so her loved ones could be close by.  She had bravely recounted how she'd waited for one of the captors to leave for food and then sneaked up on the other one and clobbered him on the head with a rolling pin she'd found in a box.  He was out cold, but she knew he probably wouldn't be for long, so she'd hurriedly found the phone in his pocket and dialed Nathan.  The Pig Latin was a last minute touch in case the guy woke up or the other one came in and surprised her while she was still talking to Nathan.  She had known that “Idiots One and Two” would probably have a hard time making it out.  Luckily, Nathan and the police got to her at about the same time Idiot One was coming to, and Idiot Two was coming back.  A lot of it was a blur for her from there, but she could remember Nathan calling her name and putting his strong arms around her when he found her.  It was crazy that she was found so close to the fountain; the police had actually searched the bakery, but hadn't ventured to the basement because the stairs were half torn down and it just didn't “look possible” that anyone could be down there.  Those in charge had been embarrassed by this gaffe, and had assured Nathan and the families that “heads would roll.”  They appreciated it, but honestly didn't care; they were just so grateful to have her back.
 
Everyone was touched when, as soon as the police left, Trisha hugged Dawn tightly and whispered, “I'm so glad you're ok.  Really.  And I'm so sorry.  For everything.” Dawn had sweetly returned the hug and offered her own apology, “Trish, I'm so sorry, too.  I'm sorry that me loving Nathan had to be hurtful to you.”  It was a first step.  A new beginning for two old friends who'd lost their way.  
 
Trisha and Nathan had shared their own moment, too, as Dawn was talking to their parents.  He hugged her and shook Damien's hand and thanked them for coming.  Trisha put her arms around him and said, “I'm sorry, Nathan.  For everything.  Be happy.  Don't ever let her go.”  He told her he was sorry too, and that he would always love her in a way, because of their baby, a bond they would always share.  He told her to be happy, too.  It felt good, and right.
 
There wasn't a dry eye in the room when Selena had climbed up in Dawn's lap and placed both her hands on either side of Dawn's face.  ”I'm so glad you're ok, Dawn Selena.  Me and Daddy just got you back.  I prayed to God to not take you away from us and He didn't.”  Dawn had hugged the little girl tightly to her chest and whispered, “Thank you, Baby.  Thank you so much for praying for me.  I've always prayed for you, too, since the day you were born.”
 
Christina had come to Dawn with a cup of chamomile and a smile.  ”I was so scared, Dawn.  Nathan was a rock.  You'd have been so proud.  Steve sends his love, by the way.”  That got an eyebrow raise from Dawn, but Christina had mouthed, “Later.”
 
The parents had hovered closely, understandably, but soon Nathan could see that Dawn was fading fast, and he had insisted on taking her back to his place to rest.  The others had left for their hotel, Sellie going with her mom, and Christina had been left alone, gazing at the stars and waiting for her phone to ring.
 
***

Now, here they were, days later, but Dawn wasn't sleeping well, and it was wearing both her and Nathan down.  She kept having nightmares about the night she was taken.  In her dreams, Nathan never found her and she would wake up shaking in his arms.  Rosa had sweetly agreed to give Sellie her lessons at Trisha and Damien's hotel room since the little girl had been staying there with her mom, but they had to get back to the States for work, so Sellie was coming home.  Nathan realized he needed to talk to Rosa, so he called her and she agreed to have classes with Selena at her home until Dawn was feeling better.  Christina agreed to pick her up and take her to Rosa's for Nathan for as long as he wanted.  He sighed with relief and spotted something she had put on his counter.  ”Is that pizza, Christina Lee?  Have I told you lately that I love you?” “Shut up, Goof.  Yes, it's Dawn's favorite from the little place around the corner.  I was hoping she'd smell it and actually eat a bite.”  That was something else she hadn't been doing well- eating.  ”From your mouth to God's ears, Chrissy,” Nathan laughed.  They called Sellie and the three of them ate amiably.  Christina got Sellie bathed for Nathan as he walked outside to make some work calls.  He wasn't eager to go back to work; it was all he could do to be civil to his clients.  To their credit, they were mortified at the actions of their relatives and told Nathan to take all the time he needed.  Deep down, he knew it wasn't their fault and he would do his best to wrap up the case efficiently for them when he felt he could leave Dawn.
 
When he came back inside, Christina was at the sink and Sellie was on the sofa quietly watching one of her videos.  A freshly showered Dawn suddenly appeared.  ”Hey, is that pizza I smell?”  Nathan and Christina were gratified to see her down three pieces as she sat on the sofa with Selena and laughed with her at the Disney movie she was watching.  When Selena went to the bathroom, Dawn grabbed Christina's hand and said, “I know you think I forgot, but I didn't.  Spill.” 

 ”Ugh, oh, sounds like girl talk,” Nathan laughed, placing a soft kiss on the top of Dawn's head.  ”I'll go get the squirt into bed.”
 
When he was out ear-shot, Christina began.  ”He called the night Nathan found you.  He had just heard.  He was frantic for news.  He was really worried about you.”
 
“I know, actually.  Did you know he's been texting me every day since, just to check on me?  He seems sweeter, or something, Christina, I don't know.'  Softer somehow.  I like it.”
 
Christina laughed softly.  ”Yeah, that's a good way to put it, actually.  He is.  He's been calling me every day since, Dawn.  I haven't said it out loud because I'm afraid I'll curse it or something, but I think he's coming here.  For New Years' and your birthday.  He says he wants to see all of us.  He never married that girl, Dawn, and he says he hasn't been serious with anyone else.  He says he has never stopped thinking about me and that he regrets that we never tried, you know really tried to be a normal couple.”  She knew she was speaking to the one other woman on the planet who knew exactly how she felt.
 
Dawn's eyes lit up.  ”How do you feel?”  ”Optimistically hopeful?” Christina offered, shrugging her shoulders.  ”Hey, what about you.  Why can't you relax and sleep, Girlie? What's up?”  Dawn's eyes filled with tears.  ”I don't know, Chrissy.  I mean Nathan, he's-” “Oh, Dawn,” her friend cut her off. ”He loves you.  That boy loves you so much.  He was incredible when you were missing.  I mean, he was destroyed, but he was so strong and determined.  Don't tell me you doubt his devotion.”
 
“It's not that,” Dawn continued.  ”I'm just afraid it's too perfect.  I'm afraid it's not going to last.  I mean, we've been such a mess for so long, Chrissy.  We always end up hurting each other.  Is love really enough?”  Christina looked her straight in the eyes and spoke with all the firmness she could muster.  ”It's everything, Dawn.  Love is everything.  You have to trust it.  Talk to him.  He'll understand.” 
 
Just then, as if on cue, Nathan walked in.  His eyes met Dawn's and the energy in the room seemed to change.  Christina, ever perceptive, kissed them both and took her leave.  As she drove into the night, she smiled as she answered her ringing phone.  She was greeted with, “Hey, Gorgeous.  What's shakin'?”
 
***
  
Later that night, Dawn and Nathan lay in his bed, stretched out face to face, just gazing into each other's eyes, not far from sleep.  Nathan whispered to her softly, “I want you to sleep well tonight.  I'm here.  I'm never leaving.  You are safe and you are loved.  We're the perfect team, Dawn.  We always have been.  If we stick together, there's nothing we can't do.”  
 
She softly traced the outlines of his face with her thumbs, touching the lines around his eyes, deeper now, and pausing at his temples,  the hair there just beginning to gray.  She thought about all they had done together and meant to each other and how long she had loved him.
 
“Nathan, you are everything that's safe to me.  Everything that is love.  Everything that is security.  I want to trust it.  I'm just so scared to lose it.”  She began to cry softly and he kissed her tears away.  ”Dawn, nothing can separate us again.  I won't allow it.  You can relax.  I'll never let you go, Baby, never.”
 
“Nathan, please-” she began kissing his neck and pulling his Chrissy-shirt over his head.  ”Please, I want you-”  
 
“Dawn, are you sure,” he breathed, his breath hot on her skin.  ”Never been more sure of anything,” she whispered as he pulled her beneath him and she moved her legs apart for him.
 
Afterwards, they were breathless, and spent, and crying.  They couldn't help it.  Nathan had always been a big crybaby, anyway.
 
“Dawn, thank you for putting my heart back together.  Thank you for making me feel like I matter to you again.”  
 
“Nathan, you always mattered more than anyone in the world to me.  Even in the years we were apart, probably especially in those years, actually, you mattered more than anyone.  Thank you for always finding me.  You found me all those years ago at dance studio in their home town, and while our moms stood on the side and clapped their hands, we became us.  When I was so nervous before a competition that I barely knew my own name, you always found me, the real me, and made me laugh and kept me together.  You found me here in Rome, and when those morons took me, you found me then, too.  And most of all, you found yourself in my heart again, still, after all these years, after the elation, the pain, the separation. You've always been there.”
 
He stroked her face, running his hand down her neck, her shoulder, and her tiny waist, finally resting it on her hip and pulling her closer in to his body. “Dawn, you are my world.  You always have been.  As far as I'm concerned, you've made the sun come up every day since  I met you, and you always will.  Of course I've always found you.  I've always found you because I can't live without the other half of my soul.  You are in me.  Always.  I couldn't not find you. 
 
Her answer was to kiss him with everything she had, and to give herself to him again, completely with no reservation and no fear.  And for the first time since she had been back, Dawn slept through the night, in her safe place, against Nathan's chest, listening to his heart as it beat only for her.



CHAPTER ELEVEN

Their breathing was erratic and ragged.  They were in his shower, the water running with the spray as hard as it would go, trying to be quiet so Selena wouldn't wake up.  It was six o'clock in the morning and he needed her, he needed her so much, and she needed him- like breathing, maybe more so.
 
He was buried inside her and she was biting his shoulder because she wanted to scream.  ”Come on, Baby.  Come on,” he urged her on; he loved it when they came together.  His words would send her over the edge; they always did.  
 
He made her crazy.  
 
She scared him senseless. 
 
It was an overwhelming kind of love that neither had experienced with anyone else, and they knew they needed it, needed each other, like this, and in every other way- forever.
 
They came with low cries and a string of expletives and he kissed her hard as he slid out of her.
 
They listened for a moment and when they were sure they didn't hear her, they stood in each other's arms under the spray, swaying, somewhat like slow dancing.
 
“It's probably bad to love sex so much, huh, Dawn?”  She felt the words rumble his chest as he spoke, and when she drew back to look at him, she saw that he had that smirk on his face that she'd loved since they were sixteen; it always led to her undoing.  She reached down to squeeze his bum and he responded in kind, his eyes lighting up.  ”Nothing we do is bad, Nathan.  You redefine feeling good.”
 
“Just think, Dawn,” he began, suddenly turning serious.  ”Just think how close we came to never having this.  Just imagine what would have happened to us if we hadn't found each other here in Rome.  Or what if you'd fallen in love with someone else in our years apart; what if Trisha and I had never broken up...God, so much has happened in just a couple of months.”
 
As he said that last part, his voice grew tinged with sadness and he took her face in both his hands.  ”Just think if I'd found you again only to lose you.”  She stood on her tip-toes, running her hands up and down his back to sooth him, and kissed his wet lips.  He moaned as her tongue pushed his mouth open.
 
 When they stopped to breathe, she suddenly took his face in her hands and spoke softly.  ”Nathan, I think- it's just-we are meant to be.  It's that simple and just that complicated.  In some way, I think I always knew we'd have our time.  Even when we tried to push everything down over the years when we were young and stupid and falling for each other and too scared to face it.  Even during the championship when we should have held on but we weren't strong enough.  Even when you married Trish and I lost my mind.  Even when I ran and pushed my feelings down and tried to live without you.  I think I always knew.  Didn't you?”  
 
He looked at her carefully as she spoke, and all at once, he saw her as the little girl he met on the dance floor who was too afraid to look at him, and the woman who stood before him now, holding his very heart in her hands.  
 
She intoxicated him, overwhelmed him with her love.  She always had.  
 
Even in leaving him to be with Trisha in peace was selfless, in a way, even though it broke his heart.  He knew she didn't leave just because she couldn't bear to see them together anymore; he knew it was to make him really try.  Without her there, she knew he would really try to make it with Trisha, to have a normal life.  She wanted that for him.  And now, here she was, saying that deep down, she always knew it would be them in the end. 
 
How strong she had had to be. So soft, but so fierce. 
 
“I don't know,” he answered honestly.  ”I think I was too scared to hope.  Loving you and being married to her did something to me.  I was scared of the finality of it all.  The way I didn't see a way out.  I never stopped loving you, that's for sure, and I always had regrets, but I think I lost hope.  Until I saw Christina that day.  Somehow, seeing her made me think of the possibility of us again, even before I knew you were here.  I don't- I don't know, I guess because all of us were so intertwined at one time.  But you amaze me, Dawn.  And I just feel so lucky, so blessed to be able to love you like this, in a hopeful way, finally.  You are literally my dream come true, Baby.”
 
His words made her heart melt and she suddenly felt a little weak.  She leaned into him, pressing them heart-to-pounding heart and pressed soft kisses into his chest.  ”And you're mine, Nathan McCarthy, you're mine, always.”
 
A little voice and some pretty strong pounding on the door brought them out of their reverie.  ”Daddy!  Dawn Selena!  Can we eat breakfast now?  I'm hungry!”
 
They laughed softly, kissed one more time, and turned off the water, grateful to start the day, together.
 
***
 
Later that afternoon at Christina's condo, she and Dawn were giggling in her room, a mountain of clothes on the bed, half a bottle of wine gone.  ”I just want to look perfect,  Dawn.  I just want to look like- like he remembers,” Christina sighed looking into her mirror and fingering soft lines that were barely visible around her beautiful green eyes.
 
“Oh, Chrissy.  You could literally wear a paper bag.  Please don't worry about that.  You are just as beautiful as he remembers, I'm sure.”  Christina squeezed her friend's hand in gratitude.  ”Okay, the hot pink sweater, maybe?”  ”The one with the plunging neckline?” Dawn teased with a wink.  ”Well, I wouldn't say plunging, exactly, but, yeah, that one,” laughed Christina.  
 
“Okay, okay, now what about you and Nate?  Everything still going great?  I know it is; he's so gobsmacked, Dawn.  God, has a boy ever loved a girl more?”  
 
“I can think of one, Miss Chrissy.  I can definitely think of one.”
 
They sank down on the pile of clothes and sighed together, feeling like a couple of nervous schoolgirls.  Would those two boys always make them feel like jelly inside?
 
“Christina, you know what he told me in the shower this morning?  That I amazed him.  There was something about that word, to me- I don't know.  We were talking about finding each other again and getting together finally, and it just struck me as so sweet.  He told me that he had kind of lost hope before he saw you that day, and it broke my heart a little.”
 
“Do you think Steve and I have hope, Dawn?  Do you think he could love me like I've always loved him?”
 
“Of course I do.  He's on his way here right now, Silly!  Oh, he loves you like always.  I'm sure of it.”
 
“I just hope- I just,” Christina struggled over her words a bit.  ”I just hope that it's not just what happened to you- I mean he reached out when those goons snatched you because he was worried and I just-I don't know.”
 
“You don't know if it's real, I know.  That's exactly how I felt after Nathan found me and brought me home.  I was afraid to believe that our love could last this time.  Like Nathan was afraid to hope after I ran away.  But like I told Nathan, I just, deep down always had a feeling about him.  I just always knew, that no matter the difficulties, no matter how long it took, we would make it.  And I feel that way about you and Steve, too.  I mean, what happened to me may have spurred him on, because life is short, and all that, and he probably just got scared, Christina, scared to wait any longer.  The timing doesn't diminish his feelings, or yours.”
 
Christina looked at her friend with wonder and understanding.  ”God, you always were the smartest of us all.”  
 
Dawn laughed, “No, I think you and Nathan are the smartest; I'm just the wisest!”  
 
“And Steve?”  laughed Christina.  Dawn squinted her eyes, seemingly deep in thought.  ”Hmm, Steve... Steve probably has more “street cred” than the rest of us put together!  He's a whole different kind of smart!”
 
They continued to laugh, gossip, and cook, getting ready for a combination New Years' Eve-birthday party for Dawn.  There would be only five guests:  Dawn and Nathan, Christina and Steve, and Selena- because Nathan couldn't bear being without her on New Years and she couldn't bear being away from Dawn on her birthday.  Besides, Steve had only seen her once, in Trisha and Nathan's arms at the hospital the day she was born.  It had always meant  a lot her parents that Steve had come; they had all been kind of estranged at the time, and she was born on Christmas Day, after all.  But he had, actually, and Christina had, too.  Even with their difficulties, they both knew this was a big moment for all of them; Nathan and Trisha were the first of their group of dancers to become parents.  Even though the circumstances were complicated, Selena had been a wanted and loved child, and they all recognized that.  
 
In their hearts, she kind of belonged to all of them; everyone's baby girl.
 
Her birthday a week before had been a grand occasion, Skyping with her mom and grandparents, and partying with her daddy, Dawn, Christina, and Rosa and her husband, Paolo.  Nathan had been so touched that her sweet tutor had taken time from her own family's Christmas festivities to attend Selena's party.
 
There hadn't been a dry eye in the room when Dawn had presented her with a delicate little bracelet that perfectly matched the angel wing necklace that Selena now never took off.  ”Dawn, where- how did you-?”  Nathan couldn't believe that she had been able to find such a perfectly matching piece.
 
 ”I bought it at the same time and saved it,” she answered quietly as Selena buried her little face in Dawn's hair and squeezed her in a tight hug.  ”I don't know; I just always thought I'd be able to give it to her someday.”  
 
“And you brought it to Italy with you?” asked Christina, her eyes wide in fascination.  ”Yeah, I brought it everywhere with me all these years.  I don't know, it made me feel close to her.  Her and Nathan,” she answered fingering the curls on the back of his neck as he bent to kiss her cheek.  ”It's perfect.  We love it,” he said softly.  ”We love you,” his daughter clarified, breaking them all up in laughter.

***

As the girls cooked and carried on, Nathan and his baby girl danced together.  As they made danced around the studio, laughing, holding hands, Nathan suddenly stopped and picked her up in his arms.  ”Hey, Princess, can I trust you with a secret?”  ”Oh, Daddy, yes!” she squealed, “I love secrets!”  
 
“I'm going to propose to Dawn at the stroke of midnight.  Do you know what that word means?”  Her eyes grew wide.  I think I do.  ”You're going to ask her to marry you, right?”
 
He chuckled and shook her slightly.  ”Yep, that's right.  Come on, let's go talk a minute.  Race you to the benches!”  
 
He let her take off before him, squealing wildly.  When they got to the benches, he led her to the seats and took her in his lap.  She leaned her head into her daddy's chest and sighed, fingering with his sweater.  For a minute he almost teared up, thinking how she was really growing up and he wouldn't be able to hold her like this too much longer.
 
“So, Baby, what do you think about me proposing?  Do you have any questions or anything?”
 
She looked up at him and her jaw jutted out slightly, just the way his did when he was thinking.  ”No, not really.  Not questions.  I mean, I'm excited, Daddy!  It's going to be great.  I love weddings!  Who doesn't?  And Daddy, I can get a new dress, can't I-oops I guess that is a question!”  She laughed and his heart melted completely.
 
“Yes, of course you can.  But, Sellie listen to me.  Daddy's sorry, I really am, that me and your mom, that we couldn't- I mean, we do care about each other, and we love you so much, and we'll always be a family.  Just a different kind of family.  Does it bother you a lot, Sweetie?  Me and your mom not being married, you not getting to live with both of us at the same time?”  He was looking down at the floor, running his thumb across her little hand.  His guilt actually made his heart hurt.
 
Selena touched his face with her soft hand.  ”Look at me, Daddy,” she commanded.  ”It's really okay.  I mean, it was hard at first, but I got used to it.  I know that there are different kinds of love.  You and Mommy have one kind and you and Dawn and Mommy and Damien have another kind.  You and Mommy just got the kinds mixed up at first.  And that's how I got born.  But you still wanted me and you'll all always love me.  And we'll always belong to each other.  Just in different ways.  Don't be sad, Daddy.  I have a good life, I really do.”
 
Nathan thought his heart may burst in two at that moment.  He could not stop the tears that ran down his cheeks.  
 
When he could speak, he asked her, “How did you get to be so smart, young lady?”  ”Partly from you and partly from Mommy, like I got everything, Silly!” She laughed and then continued on, more seriously.  ”Part of it I kind of figured out myself, and part of it, I figured out when me and Mommy talked.  When she came here after Dawn Selena got taken.  She told me that stuff about different kinds of love, but I kind of knew it anyway.  She told me that you and Dawn had always been in one kind of love and you and her were in a different kind.  She told me the same thing you just said about always being a family even though we don't live together.  She told me Dawn was meant for you and Damien was meant for her.  But that I was meant for all of you.  She said I'm the 'glue,'  Daddy.  Isn't that cool?”  ”Yeah, Princess, that's the coolest ever,” he said hugging his daughter to him and feeling overwhelmed with gratitude for Trisha- the woman who had been his friend, his lover, his wife, the mother of his child, and now friend, again.  
 
They had come full circle.  He felt his guilt wash away with the remnant of his tears.
 
“Hey, Sellie, want to help me get the ring?”  he asked as they made their way to the car, a light snow falling.  ”Of course, Daddy, I insist.  I mean, well I love you, Daddy, but your shopping skills sometimes...”
 
“Hey, you, watch that!” he replied, playfully swatting her bottom.
 
An hour later, she stood with the ring in her little fingers, holding it up to the bright jewelry store florescent lighting- “This is the one, for sure.  She'll love it, Daddy, I know it.”
 
“I agree with you, Princess, this is it.”  ”Wrap it up, please,” he said to the saleslady as Selena gave him a high-five.
 
It really was perfect.  A delicate diamond eternity band with a brilliant three carat center stone.  Soft, yet strong, just like Dawn.

***

As the others prepared for the night ahead, Steve flew in a plane, across a lonely sea, thinking of the only girl he had ever really loved.  He thought of the first time he'd seen her clear through to the last.  He wondered if it would be possible- if she could still feel the same.  From their phone conversations he thought yes, probably, but he wouldn't be sure until he saw her.  He needed to look in her eyes, where she always carried her heart's desires, and he needed to press his lips to hers.  He needed to see if he could still make her heart beat fast.  Only then would he really know.  

His mind was awash with memories, not just of her, but of all of them.  Her heart and soul, and life's work- Ben and Trisha, Steve and Christina, Dawn and Nathan- the best of the best, to this day.  Though there was talent in the field, no one had taken their place, and yet they had made such a mess in their personal lives. Yet he ached for Trisha, his perfect partner, to find her true love.  He and Steve had shared a beer at Trisha and Nathan's wedding and Ben had told him something no one else knew- that he'd tried to talk her out it.  
 
“It's fucked up.  It killed me to watch my best friend marry a man who loves another girl.  And she knows he does.  It'll never work.  But the baby, I mean, I guess they feel like they have to try.  And the hell of it, Steve?  The hell of it is that I can't even hate the guy- I mean it's Nathan.”
 
“Baby? What the- ?” Ben realized that Steve hadn't known. “Yeah. She told me, but I guess they haven't told many people yet. Anyway...” “Yeah, Man, I know, “ Steve answered.  Dawn, she's a wreck.  Chrissy says she'll never get over it.  I don't know man; how did it get this far?”  Steve remembered saying to Ben on that long-ago day.
 
It haunted him now, as he sat on this plane.  It haunted him because he knew how.  He knew, because he and Christina had done the same thing- it was a mixture of confusion, pride, fear, selfishness, and selflessness, too.  All of it together was a mess, and it had to stop.  Dawn's kidnapping had sent him over the edge, pushed him to reach out, even though he had been close to doing it, anyway.  Dawn and Nathan were on their way, Trisha was too, with that new guy, and now it was his and Christina's turn.  He would do everything in his power to make her see, to make it work.  Or die trying.  Steve never went down without a fight.

***
 
The airport was crowded as hell.  Christina was nervous, but she wouldn't let the others come with her.  She wanted to see him by herself first.  She fiddled with her hair and scanned the crowd.
 
They saw each other at the same time.  It was almost like an out-of-body experience.
 
His jaw nearly hit the floor, his eyes wider that she'd ever seen them.
 
Her heart beating wildly, she flew into his arms nearly knocking him down.
 
If Dawn and Nathan's reunion had been soft, tender, sweet- theirs was fiery, passionate, forceful.
 
Both were love in their purest forms- different, but the same. 
 
They kissed without even missing a beat, like they had been doing it every day for years, like they lived on it.
 
“Christina, Christina, I can't breathe,” he said suddenly pulling away.  ”You're going to give me a heart attack!”  And then, gently, almost with a child-like innocence, he looked deeply into her eyes and whispered, “I love you, Chrissy.  Only you.  Always you.”  
 
She smiled with her eyes first, and he knew.  He knew before she said it.
 
“I love you, too, Steve, you idiot.  Always.”
 
They kissed again, as those around them stopped and cheered.
 
It seemed appropriate, somehow.
 
***
 
The party was grand; they called everyone they could think of - just to say they were all together, that things were good again, the way they should be.  They made plans to get together at their old dance studio soon so they could all dance together again, like the old days.  Because they wanted to.  Because they could.  
 
Taylor had balked at that- “Sheesh, that will be the day- I could only dream!”  But they promised her they would do it.  For her, and for all of them.  In honor of the past and in hope of the future.  Because it was right.
 
At the stroke of midnight, as Christina and Steve kissed in a corner of the room, Nathan got down on one knee before Dawn and nervously, sweetly took out the ring.  At first she seemed confused; she had expected him to take her in his arms and kiss her passionately, as was the tradition.
 
Soon her confusion gave way to wonder as he asked her to be his wife and promised to love and protect her forever. 
 
She knelt to her knees as well, and said, “Yes, a thousand times, yes!” into his mouth as she kissed him deeply.
 
She gasped as he slipped the beautiful ring on her finger.  ”Oh, Nathan, oh my God!  It's exquisite!  I love it!”
 
“I'm glad, “he beamed.  ”I had a little help, actually...”  ”That was me!” Sellie said gleefully, jumping onto both of them, knocking them all down.  
 
Steve and Christina suddenly realized then what was going on- it took a moment, they were so wrapped up in each other- and came over to the happy group rolling crazily on the floor.
 
“Oh, my god, Dawn!”  Christina grabbed her hand and gasped.  ”Oh, Nate, you did good- I really approve.”  She placed a kiss on his cheek, and he said, “Well, Chrissy, that's all that matters, Honey.”  He winked and she punched his shoulder as Steve hugged Dawn tightly.  ”Congratulations, both of you, really,” he said sincerely. Nathan hugged him, and Selena took the picture that would eventually wind up on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram- she was pretty good with a camera for her age.
 
It was the four of them, the girls in the middle, each hugged up to their true loves, Dawn's diamond glittering brightly, her hand resting on Nathan's strong chest.




CHAPTER TWELVE

“Damn it to hell, Chrissy, I cannot do this kind of thing.  We are too old.  I am thirty six, and I love you, Babe, and you look amazing, but I don't think you weigh a hundred pounds soaking wet anymore! I can't-” 
 
“Steve, shut up!” breathed Christina as she took another swig from her water bottle.  ”We are doing this, and for real, please be quiet, I do not want them to hear!  Dawn told me last night that they are doing all of their lifts, as they were then, no changes.  Do you really want Nathan to be able to say that they didn't change anything in their dance knowing we did?  No way, now get up and come on!”
 
“But Chrissy, they got everything. How fair is that?  Really?” 

 ”Steve, you know it was Taylor's choice.  She chose the dances - you know that.  She chose the ones she most wanted to see each pair do again.”  

”Yeah, and like I always told you, she hates me.  He was always her favorite.  Now there is no doubt!” 

 ”Steve, you are acting like a damn baby, stop it! Come on!”  Christina pulled her partner back out on the dance floor where other people were practicing in the same beautiful, quiet, elegant way they always had.  There was just a hint of a smile on one’s face and just a hint of a twinkle in another’s eye.
 
***
 
And thus began the first official practice.  What had started back around the new year when Dawn, Nathan, Christina, and Steve were still in Rome as just a simple idea to get everyone together and dance for Taylor for fun, had turned into a thing.
 
 It had evolved partly through Taylor's son, George, who had hinted that his mom wanted to retire from full time coaching at the end of the season, and partly through Damien, Trisha's fiancé.  Everyone except those two had mixed feelings; not one of the dancers involved had ever intended for it to be a real thing, but they had been surprised and touched by Taylor's reaction to the idea. They were frankly shocked that she didn't want to keep going two more years until the next dance championship, but George said she was finally admitting that she was tired of the daily grind and wanted out when she was still young enough and in good enough shape to enjoy herself.  He knew she would always dabble in coaching- she could never completely stop, they all knew that- but she was ready to relinquish the responsibility of being first in command.
 
Even though they still didn't capture that top prize, they did not regret their decision, and had loved every moment of their season together.  They were both over the moon that their shining stars wanted to come back and do something together.  
 
 The nightmare was practicing- at least for the “old dogs.”  Those who were still competing were good to go- they were dancing all the time anyway.  They would be just finishing their season by time for the last dance and would likely be in tip-top shape.  But the others were a mass of logistical problems, scheduling conflicts, and aching bones.  They were practicing when and where ever they could- Dawn had extended her sabbatical and had been staying with Nathan and Selena at his house.  Steve was coming down when he could to be with Christina.  She had made the biggest life change so far- right after the new year, she had given her notice at the dance studio in Rome and cut her ties there to move back to the Chicago area.  She had been upset to leave her young dance students, but they were romantics at heart  and when Christina explained that she needed to be closer to Steve, they understood.
 
Trisha was in and out of the area; she and Damien now evenly split their time between there and New York.  They had become engaged - with Nathan's blessing - on Valentine's Day.
  
“Chrissy you're happy right?  I mean, this Dawn and Nathan stuff, them turning out to be an epic love story and all- you're okay with all it, right?” Trisha’s brother asked her.  Trisha looked at him quizzically and held up her left hand, her own diamond glowing brightly.  ”Of course.  I'm engaged, I'm-”  He grabbed her hand and placed it over his heart.  She stopped talking and put her head on his shoulder.  ”I know you're engaged, Chrissy.  I asked if you're happy.  You know I love you to death, right?  I can't do it again.  I won't let you marry another guy who isn't perfect for you and you for him.  I mean the mess with Nathan, I love that idiot like a kid brother, that was more complicated for me, but I barely know this dude, and Trish I mean it, I will kill him if he hurts you.  So I repeat, are you happy, are you sure?”  With her head still on his shoulder and tears pooling in her eyes, Trisha answered quietly, but firmly.  ”I promise.  I have never been happier.  He's the one.  I mean it.  I'm sure.”  ”Well alright then, great!” Ben said, popping a kiss into her hair, and lightening the mood.  ”What color dress am I wearing in the wedding, then?”  
 
***
 
When the evening of the gathering finally rolled around, they were all calm and prepared, and ready.  It was going to be beautiful.  They had all put every bit of time, emotion, blood, sweat, and tears into it that they could to make everyone proud one last time.  They wanted to do it for them, and for each other.  It had become the talk of the world of dance.
 
Trisha, Nathan, and Selena had had a quiet, sweet moment getting ready, which Dawn witnessed from afar and Christina and Maia were afraid was making her sad.  ”I'm fine, I promise,” she assured them as they lovingly patted each side of her.  ”They're their own family- they always will be, but Nathan and Selena, and me- we're going to be a family too.  I'm okay.”  She looked a little “off” watching them,  though; both friends noticed, and they silently willed each other to pursue it with her later.  
 
Indeed, the performance was incredible.   
  
When the evening came to an end and they all bid tearful goodbyes, everyone was exhausted, but the dances were reluctant to leave each other.  With babies and weddings coming up, and everyone so busy, who knew when they would all be able to do this again?  The owner of the deli across the street from the dance studio had been in the audience, and sensing their reluctance to part ways, graciously offered to leave his keys with them and told them to help themselves to whatever was in the kitchen and stay as long as they wanted.  They excitedly accepted; Nathan's and Dawn's parents agreed to mind all three kids, and so they set off, arm in arm in one big group across the street.
 
 Everyone, arm in arm, talking and laughing like no time had passed and they were just on break from a normal day of dance practice.
  
They turned on some music, made some sandwiches, talked, danced, and laughed until they cried until the sun was coming up.  Right before everyone started to get ready to leave, Nathan, ever the leader, got their attention one last time, holding up his glass in front of the group. 
 
“Hey, guys, I just want to say, you know, I can't remember who met who first, or who fell in love with who first.  All I remember is all of us always together, and always laughing.  And that's all I want to remember.”  


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“Do you remember?” Dawn asks as they sit together on the couch. 

“Yes.” Nathan smiles.

She’s sitting on the edge of their bed, cradling her right arm into her chest, feeling sorry for herself. She wants a shower, she needs a shower so badly. She needs to wash this day off of her, urgently, wash away all this dirt that appears to be stuck at her skin, her hair, all over her. But how can she do that, if this stupid splint can’t get wet? Maybe she can put the damn thing in a bag or something. Ugh, this is useless, how can she wash her hair with only her left hand? She closes her eyes for a brief moment, willing the pain to go away. She aches all over.
She can feel the tears in the back of her eyes again, God, she’s just so frustrated. How could she fall like that? And worst, break her wrist. This shouldn’t have happened.
“Dawn? Hey, you okay there?” Nathan asks, his voice light and cautious, worry lines on his face, she wants to make them go away with a brush of her hand. “How are you feeling?”
Slowly she turns, tries to smile while making eye contact with him, letting him see the tears glistering in her eyes. He hates when she cries and this time is no exception, as soon as their eyes make contact and he sees the tears, he’s heading towards her and sitting down beside her on the bed, his arms snaking their way around her and her head falls onto the hollow between his shoulder and his neck.
“It’s ok, you’re ok, Dawn,” he soothes as he holds her closer. “What can I do to help?” he asks eagerly.
“I want to shower, I need to wash my hair, but this thing-”
“Let me help you then.”
“Nathan, I don-,” she starts, hesitation lacing her tone.
“Dawn, you know I would do anything for you, you don’t have to be afraid to ask for help. And right now you can’t use your right arm and you don’t have practice in using only your left hand to do things. Besides it’s not like we haven’t seen each other naked.” He wiggles his eyebrows while sliding off the bed, making his way into the kitchen. “We’ll put a bag to cover your splint and everything it’s going to work out, you’ll see.”
She sighs, gets off the bed and heads straight to the bathroom. She sees her reflection in the mirror, she looks as tired as she feels. Maybe it’ll be easier to start with her pants, Dawn thinks as she tries to pull her leggings off with her left hand, since she’s still trying to figure out how to take her shirt off with this splint in the way. She fumbles with it, her frustration growing at not being able to undress herself, this is ridiculous. Nathan walks in and meets her eyes in the mirror, immediately nudging her hand away, pushing down the pants and the underwear for her.
“I’m pathetic,” she grumbles. “I can’t even undress myself.”
“Dawn., this wasn’t your fault, you know that. And you’ll get better at using your left hand, by the time this is over you’re going to be ambidextrous,” he says gently, trying to sound reassuring.
Dawn shakes her head, her gaze dropping to the floor as Nathan finishes undressing her. She feels powerless. Getting her shirt off proves to be a real struggle for them. She grits her teeth when she has to move her right arm. “Shit, Dawn. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, baby.”
She shakes her head, breathing hard through her nose, “It’s okay. Not your fault.”
When they manage to get the splint to pass through the sleeve Dawn lets out a rush of air, relieved. He unclasps her bra for her with practiced ease, letting it fall into the pile of discarded clothes at her feet before he starts to pull off his own clothes.
“These have to be the unsexiest circumstances you’ve ever undressed me for,” she mutters.
Nathan  laughs softly, stands up straight after having stepping out of his pants and steps closer to her.
“Let’s get this wrapped up,” he murmurs.
He makes quick work of the task, avoiding touching her, afraid he’s going to cause her pain. She misses the soft stroke of his fingers over her skin. She already misses holding his hand. When he’s finished, he tosses the tape into the sink and looks at her in silence, his throat bobs.
“You ok there, Nathan?” she asks, lifting an eyebrow.
He tosses her a grin, making sure the plastic bag is secure around her splint one last time and nudges her towards the shower. Dawn steps into the stall and he steps in with her, shielding her from the spray until the water temperature is warm enough. She steps under the spray of the shower head, closing her eyes, letting the hot water and steam uncoil the tension trapped in her muscles, sooth her.
She moves out of the spray when she sees Nathan reaching for her shampoo bottle, patiently waiting. She releases her hair from the messy bun and steps under the water again to get her hair wet, after that she approaches him and turns around and his fingers comb through her hair. She breathes deeply, their scents mixed inside the confined space of the stall. She loves when his fingers comb through her hair when they are in bed together, but this just feels like a whole other level of intimacy.
Dawn hums, her body relaxing for the first time since she hurt herself. She feels safe and warm and so very loved. His fingers, thick and strong, work the shampoo through her hair, massaging her scalp and neck and Nathan chuckles when she moans low in her chest after his thumbs hits a particular sore spot. His thumb starts working into the knot, the soapy mess of her hair temporarily forgotten. When the pressure releases, a whimper escapes from her lips, the relief making her shiver.
“Better?” he husks, his voice full with lust as he guides her back under the spray, fingers still scraping through her hair, rinsing the shampoo down the drain. All she can do is hum in response.
Dawn squeezes the water out of her hair with her left hand as Nathan squirts some conditioner into his palm. He works it through her strands with the same care, again helping her to rinse it out after. Sweet, caring, Nathan.
After they are done with her hair, he reaches for the bath sponge and offers it to her, clearly trying to give her some form of control. But she waves him off, she’s enjoying his tender treatment too much to give that up now. He soaps up the sponge and runs it over her body in a very slow manner. It’s almost… hmmm … sensual.
The slick slide of his hand down her stomach makes her gasp, her thighs and abdomen tensing with anticipation. Dawn wraps her good hand around his wrist while spreading her thighs and guiding his hand between her legs.
“Dawn?”
She opens her eyes and tilts her head, making eye contact with him, letting him see her want, her need, her love.
 She nudges his fingers with her own, “Touch me.”
They both let out shuddering breaths when his fingers flutters softly against her. Dawn lets his hand go to grip the back of his neck, pulling him closer, breathing the same air. She groans loudly against his mouth when he brushes against her again, teasing her.
“Nathan,” she says on a breath. “Nathan, please.”
He softly places his lips against hers, a soft caress. And then Nathan breathes out her name and his hand moves, he strokes her with firm, certain touches. Dawn bites at his bottom lip, trying to contain herself.
Her hips rock into his touch and he pulls back, “Stay still, Dawn., I don’t you to hurt yourself,” he says as his tongue sweeps into her mouth, she moans.
“Let me take care of you,” he breathes.
Their gazes lock, he slides down, pressing one thick finger deep inside, her ribs hitch, breath catching inside her chest when he curls up and presses. “Let me make you feel good.”
“Nathan,” she groans, their foreheads meeting. “Oh, God. Nathan.”
He works her slowly, shallow thrusts that have her clenching, trying to pull him deeper. His lips caress her face, her cheeks, her jaw, pressing hot little kisses all over. When his lips find her neck, all bets are off, he presses an open-mouth kiss to her throat, sliding his tongue slowly, wetly over the tendons. She presses her ass against him and feels how hard he is, she can’t stop the moan that rises up inside her chest. Nathan presses his thumb to her clit and she cries out, head falling back against his shoulder, eyes closed and mouth open.
“Dawn, baby, you feel amazing,” he says while a second finger joins the first just the way she likes it. “So good, Dawn. Always so wet.”
“Nathan,” she moans. She’s so close. So very, very close.
“Come for me, Dawn,” he commands, teeth at her earlobe and his free hand around her breast, nipple between his fingers. And then his fingers curl and he hits just the right spot, her whole body jerks.
Dawn grips his hair with her left hand, her broken wrist, the splint, the pain all forgotten, and she crushes their lips together, her moans echoing back to her from the wet cave of his mouth. She comes on a sob, his name caught up somewhere in the middle. Nathan holds her through it, bringing her through the aftershocks and back to herself gently.
When she finally opens her eyes, the light in the ceiling makes a halo around his head. He smiles at her, gives a kiss to the inside of her arm that’s still grabbing his hair.
“Hey, there”, Nathan chirps.
“Hi,” She rasps out, her throat raw.
She spins around so she’s facing him, wrapping her left arm around his waist and pulling their chests together. She feels relaxed for the first time in days. She stretches up to kiss him, feeling his arms wrap around her torso, “I’m so glad you’re okay,” he mumbles against her skin when he breaks the kiss. “It could have been so much worse.”
“You know me,” she says, clinging against his wet body. “I’m almost indestructible.”
He chuckles at that, releasing her from his grip to turn off the water. Dawn manages to dry herself off with her good arm before letting him help her slip into her pajamas. She wanders back into the bedroom, picks her hairbrush and stares at it for a moment before attempting to run it through her wet hair. Yep, that’s not going to work at all.
“Here,” Nathan says gently, guiding her toward the bed. “Let me do it.”
She probably should feel a little odd about having him brush her hair, but it’s actually pretty soothing having him do it for her. It takes her back to her childhood, when she was little and her mom used to do this, making her feel younger and safe. She feels fuzzy and content.
“Your hair is getting so long,” Nathan says, brushing out a particularly knotted section.
“Do you like it better shorter?” Dawn asks.
“No, I like it long. Gives me something to grab on to.”
He smirks, dropping a kiss to her shoulder. Her stomach clenches.
“I like it long too.”
He finishes the task at hand, setting the hairbrush down on the bedside table and pulling her into his chest. She lets herself curl into him, pressing her nose against his neck.
“I think I might miss this special treatment when my wrist heals,” she says, lacing the fingers of her left hand through his. “I may have to let you brush my hair more often.”
Nathan laughs at that. “I think something can be arranged.”
He tilts his chin, brushes his lips to her temple, gratitude and love all wrapped up in the curl of his lips, “I love you.”



AUTHORS NOTE
I hope you enjoyed my story. This is the first book in my new series of romance novellas. If you enjoyed this, you will probably enjoy my others as well. Search “Stallan Galt” in the kindle store to see the other books in this series as well as my other books I have written.
