
The King Queen of Pranks




Copyright 2014 Kiahana

 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.











ONE

BestSexEver 3:56pm
Why aren’t you answering?! Don’t tell me you’re feeding the make believe animals again!  :/

Lacy 3:59pm
Chill woman! And yes, they need me! How else am I going to make magical, mystical creatures? If I don’t feed them, they can’t breed. P.s—QUIT CHANGING YOUR NAME IN MY PHONE!

Tara 4:02pm
You’re a crazy bitch, ya know that? Feeding imaginary animals on your phone…please, girl. I’ll be there in a little over an hour. Need anything?

Lacy 4:04pm
A sexy handyman who finds me adorable and worships at my feet.

Tara 4:05pm
Girl, if I find one, I’m keeping him! 

Lacy 4:06pm
Fair enough.  Get your butt over here! I need help drinking all this wine! Oh, and unpacking. Did I already thank you in advance for organizing my closet?

Tara 4:08pm
Only a bazillion times! Just leaving Mac’s. See you in an hour or so. Have to stop by mom’s first. And I’m NOT unpacking you while you feed your animals. 

Lacy 4:10pm
I’ll be here.

Tara 4:16pm
Put your damn phone down and start unpacking!!

Lacy grinned, then giggled before finally placing her phone down on the counter only to have it ring right away.
Her mother, bless her heart, calling for the fourth time that day to complain about her fifth husband’s attitude. And by husband, she means live in boyfriend. Not since the unfortunate incident known as ‘Dad’, has her mother taken the plunge to remarry.
The incessant calls wouldn’t bother Lacy as much, but with work, the move, the stress…she’d had enough.
“Lacy Marie! Don’t you dare take that tone with me! If it hadn’t been for me—”
“If it hadn’t been for you…I wouldn’t exist. I get it mom. Sorry, but it’s been kind of a rough day.”
Lacy switched the phone from one ear to the other, lifting her shoulder to hold it in place while grabbing the last of her belongings out of the cardboard moving box in her living room.
Catherine sighed into the phone. Lacy rolled her eyes to the heavens before taking a deep silent breath.
“Sorry, mom. It’s just that I have to get unpacked and the house in order before I leave for a business trip in two days.” Her mom remained silent, waiting for an answer to her earlier question of what she should do about number five. Gordon. “He doesn’t deserve you, mom. You work at the nursery, then come home and clean, cook, practically wipe his ass…when all he does is sit in his barkin’ lounger and catch up on his shows.”
“He’s got arthritis!” 
Even while doing her best to defend him, Lacy knew better. 
“And this miraculously showed up the second you two decided to live together? Remember when he had a job? When he told you he’d give you the world? That’s what you deserve mom, and you shouldn’t settle for anything less.”
Lacy grabbed the phone from her ear while she sat and looked through a box of old photos. A picture of her in a pink, purple and yellow striped leotard with curly bangs protruding six inches off her head, sat on top of the pile. She picked it up and smiled. 
I look like such an idiot.
“The doctor gave him a prescription, CeeCee.” Her voice lost its catty edge while referring to her daughter’s childhood nickname.
“And have you seen this prescription? Any kind of medication?”
“Yes?”
Lacy rolled her eyes once more while putting the box of pictures on her glass coffee table before deciding to leave them out and look through all of them within the next couple of days.
“Yes? You answered my question with a question?” Catherine held her tongue, only confirming what Lacy already knew. “What medication does he have?”
“This is nonsense. I called to ask about what you think he’s doing at those poker games he goes to—”
“Oh, so he can go play poker—using his hands!—but he can’t lift a finger around the house?”
“Lacy!” Catherine tried to cut her daughter off, but Lacy didn’t stop.
“I’m taking that tone for an affirmative that I’m right.”
A frantic knock on her front door startled her for a moment.  When it persisted, only halting for the doorbell to chime, she swiftly ran to the door and looked out the peephole.
The jogger. 
She’d seen him running through their quiet neighborhood every morning since moving in. It’s been too hectic to have any time to introduce herself to anyone, and now didn’t look good either. However, if she answered the door she could hang up on her mom.
He looks antsy.
She opened the door while ending the call.
“Someone’s at the door. Gotta go. Bye.”
She clicked off, staring wide-eyed at the man hell-bent on breaking down her door.
He was bent at the waist, leaning over with both hands on his knees, breathing heavily. His gray shirt with cut-off sleeves was wet around the armpit and neck area. His black gym shorts hit just above where his hands rested against his long, lean legs. Hairy, and very toned. Light brown hair covered his head, while dusting his arms and legs…and no doubt his chest.
When he didn’t say anything or acknowledge her presence, she shifted from one foot to the next.
“Can I help you?” she prompted, trying her best to act casual and un-alert. 
He’d just been pounding on her door, and now acted as if he had all the time in the world to engage her in conversation.
“Sorry.” He smiled, finally standing back up to his full height. 
At least two inches taller than Lacy, and she’s still wearing her work heels. He’s cute, she noticed, in a boyish way. With ruffled light brown hair and a dimple in his cheek, he looked very playful.
“Are you alright?” 
He glanced back around her front stoop toward his house, next door, before using his charming eyes to plead with her.
“I’ve been meaning to come over and meet you, do the friendly ‘welcome to the neighborhood’ thing, but I’ve been busy and you usually aren’t home when I am. But here you are.”  He smiled again, holding out his hand. She couldn’t help but smile back, hesitantly taking his hand in hers. “I’m Tim.” He glanced back toward his house again.  “I really hate to ask this of you, but—”
“There you are!” 
A half Asian woman with long, dark hair, stick straight to the center of her chest, blue eyes wide and full of life, and the tiniest nose possible, strutted her way toward Lacy’s front door. A tiny little thing that couldn’t weigh a hundred pounds soaking wet or dipped in mud; her entire body was practically the size of one of Lacy’s legs.  With huge clunky wedges making her five inches taller, she still probably only came up to Lacy’s shoulders. 
There was a pleasant smile on her face, as if excited to see the man desperately trying to get away from her.
Tim barely hesitated before stepping inside the doorway and grabbing Lacy around the waist. She turned to stone beneath his hand; his giant palm gripping her right hip possessively.
“Oh, hi, Jalynn! What brings you by?” he asked in a high-pitched voice, still not letting go of his unsuspecting neighbor.
“I came to see you, silly!” Jalynn laughed. The tinkling sound was incredibly cute, but could be construed as annoying after a few minutes time.
“Oh, well, as you can see, I’m busy with my girlfriend.”
Oohhhhhh! I get it. Lacy knew she was being used, but didn’t know how comfortable she felt with this strangers arm around her. He’d tensed at her side while saying girlfriend, probably afraid of how’d she’d react to the words. Both Lacy and Jalynn looked the same amount of confused.
“Girlfriend? Since when do you have a girlfriend?”
It was a polite question, none of the venom in her tone that an ex would use, Lacy thought. Then again, this could be someone who thought they had a chance of being a girlfriend, too. Lacy bit the inside of her cheek while deciding to remain silent.
“Uh, it’s kind of new, isn’t it, honey?”
Lacy’s eyes widened when she looked up at Tim. He was asking her a direct question. Looks like she’ll have to talk after all.
There’s no way to be better acquainted with someone than to act as a savior in the other’s moment of need.  Lacy made the split second decision to play along. After all, he’s her neighbor, and he might come in handy one day.
Jalynn narrowed her eyes while looking between the two.
“What’s her name?” she asked, a smug look on her face when he visibly tensed.
“Miss-tee,” he slowly spewed out, as if testing the name on his lips. Deciding he did good, he smiled, nodding, before, “Misty. Jalynn, this is Misty. Misty, Jalynn.”
Jalynn didn’t move to shake her hand, eyes still assessing Tim’s actions, so Lacy remained still, standing at Tim’s side as his compliant girlfriend.
“Misty…what?” she asked, raising a piqued brow with her toothpick arms crossed over her chest. 
Being that her questions were directed toward Tim, Lacy continued to gaze from one person to the other, unsure of what was going to happen next.
“Misty…Balls. Misty Balls.”
Incredibly satisfied with his answer, he smiled triumphantly down at Lacy for her approval.
She gawked at him, open mouthed, before remembering she was supposed to be playing a part. A part she hadn’t asked for, and hadn’t been asked to play, but that’s beside the point. He’s obviously trying to shake off a stage-five clinger. 
Lacy put on her most winning smile, wrapping her own arm around Tim’s waist, then looked over at Jalynn.
“Misty Balls, here. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Jalynn.”
Tim nearly choked on his laughter when Lacy started playing along.  She felt his side muscles bunch under her fingers when stifling his laugh.
“The pleasure’s mine, Misty Balls. So, tell me; What’s Tim’s favorite food?”
After fluttering her eyelashes seductively at Tim, pretending to be embarrassed, Lacy looked back at Short Stuff with an infatuated smile.
“That’s a bit personal, don’t you think? I mean, just because he likes to eat strawberries from my cooch, doesn’t mean I like to tell the world about it.”  She gasped, throwing a hand over her mouth while pretending to be horrified. “Oh, baby, I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to say that out loud.”
There’s no better way to deter the unwanted attention of an admirer than to have them picturing sexual acts with their target that doesn’t involve them.
Lacy made doe eyes at Tim, pretending to plead his forgiveness while he stared down at her in awe. Light gray eyes with a hint of green smiled down at her. She could’ve sworn he looked almost proud of her when she’d spouted out that delicious lie. His hand tightened on her waist, pulling her closer.
“TMI, lady! But good to know.” Jalynn’s suspicious smile grew, somewhat irritating Lacy even more. “And Tim, what does Misty do for a living?”
He didn’t miss a beat.
“She turned down my offer of a paid sex slave, but works over at ‘Lick ‘em’ on 3rd.  Misty dances like no other girl I’ve met.”
Lacy used her lower jaw to bite her upper lip, suppressing a smile.
That asshole!
“She doesn’t dress like a stripper,” Jalynn helpfully pointed out. 
Thank you! she silently praised before continuing the charade.
“Oh, I had a funeral today. Can’t be under dressed when putting a loved one in the ground, right dear?”
“I’ve always been a firm believer in that. Such a smart cookie! I’ll make sure and pick up some Twinkies for dessert tonight. You’ve been so good lately, you deserve a good treat.”
“Ohh, Twinkies!” she clapped excitedly, leaning against his shoulder and acting the good little prop that she was. 
Jalynn, having thoroughly enjoyed watching their show, shook her head in disbelief after blinking a few times.
“Well then, I’ll leave you two be.” She smiled over at Tim while turning to walk away. “I’m coming back later. Can’t hide from me forever.”
The warning didn’t seem to faze Tim at all. In fact, he completely ignored her and turned to face his girlfriend. Lacy stepped out of his embrace now that the woman was out of eye sight.
“Thanks for playing along.”
“Ex?” she asked, leaving the door open so he could leave.
“No,” he grinned, propping his shoulder up against the trimming on the doorway, not bothering to elaborate. 
“Misty Balls?” With a roll of her eyes, she leaned back against the door, holding the knob in between her fingers while giving him the most quizzical look. “Is that from one of your sexy time movies?”
“Sexy time?” He held in a laugh at the glare she threatened to give him. “No. It just came to me.”
“Ah. A modern day Shakespeare.”
“In the flesh,” he beamed. 
“Well, it was very nice meeting you, Tim, but I’ve got things to do.”  Tara was going to kill her anyways. She had barely gotten anything completed today….damn animals.  Instead of walking out the door, he turned and started up the hallway into her living room. “Please, do come in,” she whispered under her breath while shutting the door and following after him.
“You need any help moving things around? I’m very strong.” He waggled his eyebrows before turning his wandering gaze back on his surroundings.
Lacy’s newly acquired home consisted of two bedrooms, two bathrooms, kitchen open to the dining room, and living room next to the laundry room. The small rectangle unfinished basement was perfect for storing everything until she had a chance to weed through all the trash she’s kept for years while moving around from place to place. She hoped this would be her home for the next couple of years since it’s so close to work and so not close to anyone she knows. 
“Everything’s a mess. I haven’t decorated or anything yet. Wasn’t planning on having anyone over for a few weeks.”
He sensed her irritation, but continued on, unperturbed. 
“Then why’d you invite me in?”
She stared at him before catching the sarcasm in his tone.
“Couldn’t help myself,” she breathed, plunking down onto the couch on a weary sigh.
Tim took this time to thoroughly look her over from head to toe. He’d seen her driving by a handful of times, but hadn’t had the chance to get a good look at her. Until now.
Her fire-engine red heels came to a fine point at the tips. Stocking-free legs elegantly crossed over one another, giving him the advantage of checking out her muscle toned calves before her black, penciled in skirt clung tightly to her legs right at her knees. A sleeveless fluffy white blouse tucked into her skirt, hiding what looked to be very generous breasts. Her golden hair curled softly down her arms, landing just above where her cleavage would show, if she’d been wearing a revealing top, he mused. Her pink pouty lips sat crooked and partway open while she chewed the inside of her cheek. Too big, he thought of her plump lips before moving his eyes upward.
As soon as his eyes landed on hers, she shifted, obviously uncomfortable with his assessment of her. He looked away, but only after noting the dark cerulean blue tint of her eyes. 
“Are you done?” she asked before moving to stand.
“That depends.”
“On?” 
“Do you need any help moving things?” He pointed to the flat screen propped up against her blank wall. “Want me to hang that?”
“Do you know how? I was going to wait for the cable guy to hook it up.”
“Your cable line’s right there, so setting the TV in place would be simple and easy. No need to wait for the cable guy.”
She felt torn between kicking the guy out and actually taking him up on his offer. 
“What tools do you need? I’ve got a box full of lord knows what from my cousins over there. If everything you need’s there, then yes, please.”
He quickly got to work, sifting through her supplies. Knowing she’d be anything but helpful even if she tried, she sat back and watched him work. He seemed nice enough. A little kookoo, but who wasn’t?  It only took him ten minutes to find the stud in the wall and hang her TV, before he took a few steps back to appraise his work.
“Good?” he asked, tilting his head to make sure it was straight.
“Looks good to me. Thanks.” It was silent for a few moments while they both stared at the blank screen.  “Well, I think it’s time you be on your way, Mr. Tim. It was such a pleasure. And thanks for welcoming me to the neighborhood.”
He smiled at her, assessing her annoyance with careful speculation. 
“Mr. Tim’s my dad. I’m just Tim. And you are?” he asked, reaching out his hand.
“Misty Balls,” she countered, not bothering with his hand as she turned tail and led the way back to her front door.
“Really? I had it right? Damn, I’m good.”
He followed behind her, watching the very feminine sway of her hips before she turned while opening the door.
“Lacy,” she sighed. 
He couldn’t help but grin. He loves a challenge. Loves making people laugh. Lacy poses as the new, ultimate quest for him as she mentally tries to shove him out the door.
“Lacy. I can’t thank you enough for saving me out there. I’d hate to’ve endured Jalynn’s presence today. You’re a life saver.” He stepped outside, leaving a wide length of berth between them. “Sorry we met under these circumstances, and sorry I barged in on you, but I had to make sure that she left. Hope you understand.”
The tension eased from her brow and her shoulders relaxed a bit.
“Understood. Just know, you owe me one.”
Tim smiled wide as she shut the door on him.
Lacy, more confused about what to think of him now after seeing a crazy, playful side and cute, apologetic side, leaned her head back up against the door while taking a deep breath. She wasn’t sure which was worse; suffering through her mom’s drama, or dealing with cocky, attractive neighbors.
Locking the door, she sauntered to the kitchen and opened a bottle of wine before pouring a substantial glass and heading back out to the living room where her hectic life awaited to be fixed.
She’d only been here a week and a half, and already she felt it to be the best decision of her life. As soon as she’d received her long awaited promotion, she’d put an offer on the house. For three years she’d loved her downtown apartment that overlooked the spacious park across the street, but being thirty three years old, she finally felt it to be the right time to grow up and buy her very first house. Well, that and the fact that she’s a grown up and could now afford it with the raise she’d received. 
After getting approved for the loan, she’d called the real estate agent first thing the next morning, and less than a month later, she was now living the dream.
A tiny knock on the front door pulled her thoughts from the mountains of boxes still awaiting her. Glass in hand, she made her way back to the door and opened it, instantly splitting her cheeks into a wide smile while looking directly at her best friend.
“Eeee!” they screeched in unison.
Tara Gilbert in the flesh is always something to see. Today she’d worn her brown hair down, a small braid starting from the left side of her head and ending somewhere behind her right ear. Bright pink eye shadow masterfully layered her eyelids until the gigantic black liner enveloped her eyes. Long black lashes fluttered open and closed while giggling and screeching on Lacy’s front step. Her pink shirt swayed while her breasts jiggled up and down, side to side. White skinny jeans stuck to her like white on rice, with her incredibly sexy light brown skin peeking out at her waist and neck line.
“Come in!” Lacy called, offering a small side hug while holding her wine glass away from the chaotic tangled mess of emotions rushing through both of their body’s.
“Can’t believe you got the house!” Tara reached into her large shoulder bag and pulled out a bottle of ReDream, their new favorite celebratory wine.  “Happy housewarming!”
Lacy ushered her friend in, closing the door behind them, but not before catching a glimpse of Tim walking across the street on the sidewalk, ear buds in place while he made his way back from what looked to be another run.












TWO

Tim glanced up from the sink, water glass in hand, and looked out the window at his well-manicured backyard. He chugged the barely cold water before placing the glass upside down next to the sink. For two months he’d been drinking from the faucet instead of chilled, iced water from his fridge since the dispenser had broken. 
Next week, he thought. He’ll call the repair man next week. There’s no rush. No hurry. He doesn’t mind the iron taste of the sink water. What he does mind, is the temperature. He needs his ice maker fixed.
Out of the corner of his eye, the slightest hint of white and red clothing material flashed from his peripheral. He glanced out to his backyard only to halt, finding Lacy in her own wearing a skimpy bathing suit, running and swatting around her head like mad. She’d take a few more steps, look around, then start running and swatting again. He watched as she hightailed it up the steps to her porch and ran inside. A few minutes ticked by before she warily peeked her head back out, sunglasses covering most of her face, with a bottle of what looked to be bug spray in one hand, and a swatter in the other. 
Black flip flops flapped against her heel while she slowly made her way back to the fence line where she’d been gardening. Lacy in a swimsuit is very enticing. A toned body with meat on her bones…nothing’s sexier.
He watched on with amusement while she stood at a distance, head twisted to the side as she pulled the trigger and sprayed down the entire area she wanted to work in. He rolled his eyes. Women.
It had been two weeks since they’d met and she’d pretended to be his girlfriend in front of Jalynn. They’d had occasional short conversations, waving whenever they saw one another, but otherwise have kept their distance. He wanted her to get settled in before harassing her again. That’s the small thoughtful side of him reaching out, trying to surface.
She’d had what looked to be a family barbeque the weekend before. Her back deck was packed with people until almost eleven last Saturday. Music and the wonderful scent of barbecue drifted over to him through the open window. He couldn’t help but listen to their loud conversation dissecting the difference between laundry detergents. Her family was clearly missing a few screws if they could get in heated discussions about something so trivial. Then again, for the briefest of seconds he’d felt a pang of jealousy shoot through him at how close they seemed to be. His family wasn’t close by any means. Some days he wished like hell that he could have a warm, fuzzy family that got along, but others he was thankful for the space they now allowed one another. 
A sudden devious thought came to mind that he decided to put into action. 
His lips twisted into a smile at the memory of their meeting. The woman sure knew how to give just as much as he. The sarcasm and quick wit she portrayed had completely caught him off guard. Now he wanted to see just how much of him she could handle.
Make her laugh, he reminded himself. Not scare her.
He ran upstairs, grabbed his boom box, made sure the correct CD was in, made sure the song was in the right spot, then added batteries before unplugging and lugging it outside. 
Tim moved silently, placing it down just opposite Lacy before removing his shirt and propping his hands up and over the fence.
“Hey,” he called, startling her from her task.
She inhaled sharply before diving for her oversized shirt, quickly throwing it over her head and covering her appealing curves.
“Hey, sorry. Thought I saw you leave or I would’ve been wearing clothes out here.”
“That’s almost hurtful, Lacy. You’d wear your swimsuit in front of Mr. Gaines, but not for me?” he asked, gesturing behind her.
Confused, she turned and found an elderly man was indeed sitting on his back porch, sipping away at his drink, not bothering to hide the direction of his gaze.
She cursed, taking off her sunglasses to wipe the sweat from her brow.  No makeup, and she still looked good.
“Fuck. I didn’t think he’d be outside, much less be openly staring at me. Where’s his wife?”
On her second day in the house she’d seen the couple sitting on their front porch when she left for work that morning.
“It’s Saturday, so probably at the YMCA.”
Lacy put her glasses back on, hiding her eyes and a good portion of her face.
“Is he a perv? Or does he watch everyone outside, ya know, in an old person curiosity way?”
He grinned, watching her squirm under his amused gaze.
“Why don’t we ask him? Hey, Mr. Gaines!”
“No! Stop!” She stood, not amused, giving him a warning look.
“Hello, Tim. Beautiful day, isn’t it?” The most he’s ever said in one sentence before. The poor man only spoke when his wife wasn’t around. 
“It is!” he called back, before gesturing toward Lacy. “We were just talking and wanted to ask you something.” The old man stood, shakily, before resting his hands over the rail of his porch. 
Lacy paled, instantly trying to shrink into a tiny ball inside herself.
“Please don’t,” she whispered.
Tim paused, winking at her.
“Lacy here thinks red roses would look lovely planted against our fence line, but I think daffodils would be better. How about you?” 
Mr. Gaines thoroughly loved the fact that he’d been let in on the controversial decision they apparently had to make about the flowers being planted, and smiled, looking deep in thought while Lacy silently exhaled, relieved Tim hadn’t been the asshole she feared he was.
“A little of both would look nice, I s’pose.”
“Thanks!” Tim called, waving him off. He grabbed up his drink and went inside, leaving the two alone for now. “Perv, huh.” He shook his head. “Can you believe him? Wanting to mix the two? Just imagine what he does—”
Lacy’s smile got wider.
“Stop! He’s not a perv. I get it.”
“Why don’t you get to know the neighbors? Have you met anyone besides me?”
She shook her head, sitting back down on her beach towel. 
“I haven’t really had the time, and don’t have the balls to just go door to door and introduce myself.” They both smiled in reference to balls.
“Miss Balls doesn’t have any balls?” he asked in an utterly distraught manner. “I never would’ve guessed.”
“Ha. Ha. Very funny. I’m not shy or anything, I just wait for perfect opportunities before throwing my presence on someone. You know, like for you, I probably would’ve hit you with my car when you were out running, then got out, apologized, then introduced myself. Perfect opportunity,” she repeated, playing nonchalant while removing some of the dirt from beneath her red painted nails.
A dark look passed over his features before his smile returned.
“Perfect opportunity. Although I’m glad it happened on my terms, not yours. Mine’s less deadly and costly, not to mention harmless.”
“Harmless? You named me Misty Balls! That right there is as damaging as a dent to my car.”
“Is it? Only one person in the world thinks that’s your name, costing nothing, whereas a dent and a bloody body could cost you a fortune.”
“Fortune, schmortune,” she smiled, taking a sip from her water bottle. “Don’t you have somewhere to be? Work perhaps? Out with your girlfriend? Anywhere but home?”
“Am I bothering you?” he asked, excited anticipation curling up in his stomach. Not understanding why, but fully recognizing the want. He wants to make her antsy. To bother her for no reason. It makes him happy.
“Bothering? No. Distracting? Yes.”
“I see. Wouldn’t want to distract you. Where’s your girlfriend? She’s usually here around this time.”
Lacy set down her water bottle and started grabbing tiny weeds with her hands before responding.
“On a date. And her name’s Tara. Want me to introduce you?”
He pretended to think about it before, “Not my type, thanks though. And I can find my own dates just fine, despite popular belief.”
“Jalynn?” she asked, ceasing her weeding to have a full on conversation with him. “She obviously needed reassurance that you were indeed in a relationship with someone. Maybe because I’m a girl,” she added, pretending to assess him as being gay.
His eyes sparkled in delight at their banter, squinting against the sun’s rays.
“Most likely. Or maybe it’s because I’m so obviously way out of your league.”
She gasped, then smiled at his teasing.
“Obviously. I’ll remind you of that comment when you finally decide to ask me out.”
“Wonderful. I’ll keep you in suspense though.  Might be months before I pretend not to be gay and ask you out. Maybe even years.”
“I’ll be here.” Her hand came up to swipe the stray hairs from her face before, “I’ve got work to do.”
He lifted his hands, backing away from the fence. 
“If you need any help, just holler. I’ll be picking the weeds over here.”

Lacy nodded, watching him walk away before picking up the small gardening tool she’d purchased on her way home from work yesterday. It looked like a rake, but fit easily into her hands, and just as easily helped her til the soil and remove the tiny weeds stuck in between the small flowery bushes that’d come with the house.
In all her years of living she’d not once had to do any yard work. After moving out of her mom’s house at the tender age of eighteen, she’d lived in one apartment from the next, never once having maintenance chores to deal with.
She got caught up in her work, shirt still covering her body, for what seemed like an hour until the soft sound of a whistled tune brought her attention back to her neighbor. He wasn’t leaning over the fence, but she got curious, getting up on her knees to try and get a look at him. She still couldn’t see over the fence and didn’t want to stand to show her curiosity, so settled for looking through the small hole in the wooded knot of the fence. It was so tiny that she had to lean over the bushes and practically squish her face up against the wood. 
After blinking a few times, her vision cleared. She moved her head from side to side before finding him standing shirtless in the middle of his lawn, stretching with his back to her. She swallowed, watching the sun glisten off the sweat beading down the hard muscles of his back. His body was in the best shape she’d ever seen on a guy in real life. Must be the running, she mused, blinking again to refocus on the two indentations just above his low hanging khaki shorts. He moved off his lawn and over to the curved curbing to grab a few stray weeds.
She blinked again, silently happy to see that his stomach wasn’t as toned as his back, with a little bit of tummy hanging over the tight edge of the briefs sticking out of his shorts. 
“Ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff!”
“Ahh!” she screamed, falling back on her butt while nervously glancing around for the offending dog sure to be hell bent on attacking her.
“Who let the dogs out? Ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff!”
The instant recognition hit, she minutely relaxed, cursing out loud while lying flat on her back, trying to catch her breath.
Tim’s head popped back over the fence while pressing a button on the small black remote in his hand that significantly reduced the volume on the annoying song. 
“Everything alright? Sorry if I scared you.  Wanted to listen to a bit of music while I weeded.”
Lacy lifted her head and glared at him, knowing exactly what it was that he’d been trying to do. The innocent look he gave her quickly disappeared, morphing into a gigantic, triumphant smile the second he knew that she knew.
“By all means, continue.” She picked up her tool, towel, bug supplies and water bottle before slipping her flip-flops back on. “I’ll leave you to your gardening, Mr. Tim.” She leaned forward until mere inches separated their faces. He didn’t move away, not finding her a threat. She smiled victoriously when his gaze lingered on her upper lip that her tongue lightly flicked over. “Just know…I will get you back.” Her gaze traveled up and down the length of him seductively before smiling. “And I’ll enjoy every minute of it.”
When she was halfway up her steps, Tim finally found his voice to respond.
“Oh, Miss Balls, I’m very much looking forward to it. And let me know if you need any help removing the splinters from your face!”
She slammed her slider door, locked it, then hurried to the bathroom to check her face.
The little schemer’s also a liar, she realized, not finding any wood particles stuck in or around her face. He’d known she’d been watching from the hole in the fence. Had he been watching her before? Or had he spied on the previous neighbor?  Probably not, since she’d bought the house from a single eighty year old woman who’d decided to move in with her daughter’s family. 
That’s irrelevant at this point, though. He’s done nothing but mess with her and drag her into his dirty business from the second they’d first met.  Well, Mr. Tim, don’t think I’ll just sit back and continue to be a doormat to your entertainment.










THREE

Monday morning, all dressed for work, makeup and hair impeccably in place, Lacy nervously poked her head out of her garage, watching Tim’s house. The contraption she’d setup only two hours earlier made her stomach knot in anticipation. Usually he’s running already, she worried. Then a dreadful thought hit her. What if he already left and she missed her chance?  He’d see her trap the second his house comes into view upon his return. All her hard work down the drain. Her waking up two hours earlier for work, for nothing. 
All the possible what if’s freaked her out enough to hop in her car and leave for work.  She stuffed her purse onto the passenger seat, then pulled out and stopped mid driveway, contemplating removing her booby trap just as his front door opened.
Tim stepped out, running attire in place, and smiled, waving at her. She anxiously waved back, smiling like an idiot while using her hidden hand to press the forward motion on the remote control for the toy tractor she’d placed on top of his roof. The detachable bucket began pushing the overstuffed balloons forward.
Lacy was careful not to look up, though she could see the toy moving forward, pushing the four large water balloons over the edge of his rain gutter before splashing over him, breaking open on impact.
He tensed for a moment, shoulders curving up while his dripping wet face turned from welcoming to shocked, to utterly pleased when he locked eyes with her once more.
Tim’s amusement confused her. Did she win that one, or not? He took the hem of his shirt, wiped down his face so he could see clearly, then waved and took off running with a giant smirk on his face and water dripping all over him.
Oh fuck! 
Nervous as hell, she left for work the opposite direction he ran in, cursing herself the entire time.
She’d spent most of Sunday coming up with that plan. Even went to the store and bought the outrageously priced remote control tractor and balloons before staying up half the night, too eager.
But now, remembering his pleased expression, she knew she was in for it. His retaliation’s sure to be brutal.
Lacy pulled in to work, late, sans coffee, and…anxious. 
What’s he going to do? And…..when??
She ran into work, somehow thinking he’d followed her and would jump out and get her back at any second.
“Lacy!” Tara called, startling her to the point that a panic attack almost ensued. “Hey, sorry, didn’t mean to scare you. Here’re your messages.”
Shaking, she took the three sticky notes and walked in to her glass-walled office. 
Tara knocked a few minutes later, coffee in hand.
“Want this? You’ve got the shakes already.”
“Yes, please. Thanks! Best assistant ever,” she murmured, sipping the hot contents, savoring the sweet taste of hazelnut before swallowing.
“You alright now?” Tara still stood on the opposite side of the desk, waiting for her best friend and boss to fill her in.
“Close the door.” 
Giddy with excitement, she did as she was told and sat, waiting for the gossip. 
Today she wore a tight leopard print dress and, for some unknown, disastrous reason, lime green heels.  Lacy rolled her eyes at her choice of ensemble, then started up with the details.
“You know Tim, the guy who named me Misty Balls?”
“With the sexy boyish grin? Yeah. Ohmygawwdd! Did you do it?”
She leaned over the desk in excitement, her ladies almost falling out the top of her dress.
“No! Not even close.” Tara sat back, waiting, almost pouting. “He’s just been messing with me. First the girlfriend thing, then he sets me up to look like a fool. He blasted that stupid dog barking song while it was quiet outside, then pretended he had no idea I’d be startled into thinking a dog was about to eat me.”
“Outside?”
“I was working in the garden.”
“And he startled you how?”
“He put his music player right next to the fence where I was working. Scared the shit out of me. So anyways, I told him I’d get him back.”
“That’s my girl. What’re you going to do? Oh, I know! Let’s TP his house. No! Let’s egg it!”
Lacy rolled her eyes.
“I’m thirty three, not fifteen.”
“I’m only twenty eight, and still think it’s a suitable idea.”
“Well, I already got him back. Had four giant water balloons fall on his head when he stepped out for his morning run.”
Tara laughed, throwing her head back on a cackle.
“Sounds like something you’d do.” She calmed down before, “And he knows it was you?”
Lacy swallowed, suddenly not only scared of his retaliation, but for whatever reason, really looking forward to it.
“There’s no doubt. But the thing is, he’s going to get me back. I don’t know when and I don’t know how…and it scares me.”
“Scares you? Do you think he’d hurt you?” Lacy shook her head. “From what I’ve heard so far, it sounds like he likes you. He’s showing it in an incredibly amateur, pre-teen way, but he’s showing it.”
“I don’t know—”
“Well, do you want me to come stay with you for a few nights, see what he’s got in store for you?”
“Yes,” she blurted, before coming to her senses. “No. No, I’ll be fine. Let’s just go out for dinner tonight like we planned, and I’ll somehow sneak into my house so he doesn’t know I’m home. I should be fine.”
For a brief moment Lacy seriously started thinking about parking a few blocks over and jumping the fence in her backyard, going in the back door to be unseen.
Mr. Knox rapped his knuckles on the door, startling both women from their thoughts as he poked his head in. In his mid-sixties, he’s still built and in very good shape. Light brown hair immaculately cut and styled, square jaw with the slightest hint of a cleft in his chin, he’d most definitely been a panty dropper in his younger days. If Lacy was into old men, and if he wasn’t married, maybe she would’ve gone for him. But instead, even after all the men that’ve painstakingly fucked with her head, she maintains the need to find someone her own age. Stupid, she thought. I should just become a gold digger…
“Sorry to interrupt, but there’s a meeting in ten.”
His words are never harsh, but he never smiles, either. It’s hard to take him anything but seriously, even when he tries to crack the occasional joke.
“We’ll be there, sir.”
Lacy offered him a professional smile before he moved onto the next office.
“Maybe we should start working,” Tara teased. “You better keep me posted on Tim. I want details. And of course, I’ll be here to help plan any and all devious scheming.”
She left Lacy’s office and sat just outside at her own desk, picking up the phone the second it started ringing again.
Lacy turned in her chair, glancing out the window at the traffic zooming by at this hour, before joining Tara in the conference room. She’s only happy that Tara takes such good notes, since her mind tends to wander in these sort of meetings. When someone drolls on and on without ever making a point, statement, or plan, it annoys the hell out of her. Not to mention wastes valuable company time. But it’s the CEO that calls these meetings, and Mr. Knox seems to find them useful. 
Sighing, she pulled out her Ipad and longingly awaited the end.

Tim can’t stop smiling. Ever since the incredibly annoying, startling effects of the water balloons hitting him, he knew the war had started. And that he’d enjoy it immensely. Too much. He shouldn’t like messing with her this much. It’s not right. And nothing good will ever come of it. It’s not like he can have a relationship with her.
After his run, he jumped in the shower, almost laughing out loud again from the memory of this morning.  
“Oh, Lacy. You have no idea what you’re in for!”
Breakfast consumed, redressed and anxious, Tim got the ladder out of his garage and removed the toy from his roof. He stared at it for a minute, trying to picture Lacy getting excited and putting this plan together, before getting another idea of his own. He climbed back down, set the toy on the ground, then returned the ladder to the hook in the garage where it’s always kept. 
The lone notepad always kept in his office drawer was there and waiting for him to use. He picked up his pen, wrote a little message, then smiled. 
Oh, how he’s going to enjoy watching her squirm.
With the toy in hand and note in the other, he gingerly returned Miss Lacy’s possession to her front door step, positioning it until there was no doubt in his mind she’d see it. He placed the note beneath the tire, then stood back and assessed his work. 
“Tim!”
Mr. and Mrs. Gaines caught him red handed. He turned, uncaring, with a giant smile.
“Hello, neighbors. Going for a walk on this fine day?”
He joined them on the sidewalk, hoping their questioning looks followed him, instead of staying on the toy.
“We were. But if the new neighbor is home we thought we’d properly introduce ourselves.”
“She’s at work, unfortunately, but usually comes home between six and seven.” 
They nodded, a little disappointed. 
“Thought so. But Ernie here says you’ve been talking to her.”
“I’ve talked to her a few times. She’s a pleasant enough person. Her name’s Lacy.”
“She’s not a workaholic, is she?” Mrs. Gaines asked in a whispered voice, as if a workaholic was kept on the same shelf of insanity as being a murderer.
“She’s been home every weekend, working on her house or garden, but then again, she did just move in. I’m sure we’ll find her relaxing one of these days.”
Tim started to walk with the couple away from her house, leading them in the opposite direction.
“I’d really like to meet her.”
“Next time I talk to her, I’ll make sure she finds time to at least say hi. Promise.”
“You’re always good at your promises, Tim.” Mrs. Gaines always takes pride in seeing the young people today doing good deeds. He has no problem helping out his neighbors when he can. “I was hoping you’d be able to mow the lawn again soon. I pay those Newman boys to do it, but they never do it prettily like you.”
“A compliment from a pretty lady? I’ll take it.” He squeezed her hand before leaving them to their walk. “I’ll take care of it this weekend. Promise.”
“Always a comic, aren’t you Tim?
Tim and Ernie had a silent stare down after Ernie glared down at the young mans hand holding onto his wife’s.
“Wouldn’t dare make a move on your territory, sir. But she’s a looker. You better take real good care of her so some other handsome young stud doesn’t sweep her off her feet.”
“Enough, you two,” Mrs. Gaines beamed. “You’ll give this old lady a heart attack while she’s out for a lovely walk. Is that what you want?”
“No, Viv.”
“No, mam.”
“Good. Now, Tim, you leave that poor Lacy woman alone, and Ernie, let’s get this walk over with. My knees are already starting to ache.”
Tim and Ernie exchanged another glance before going their separate ways.
“Later, neighbors!” Tim called, heading back to the solitude of his home.
He quickly grabbed his wallet and keys, jumping into his white Jeep to cruise into town.

Lacy arrived home late. On purpose. It was after nine when her headlights roamed over the object on her front porch. She hurried into her garage, not leaving the safety of her car until the door shut behind her and she was certain nothing or no one had snuck in. She jumped out, purse in hand, before flying inside and locking the door behind her. 
She quietly made her way to the front door, watching out the peephole for a good five minutes before silently, slowly, cracking open the door to glance outside. The only sound she made out was the sporadic cricket going off, but no breathing, no movement…so she got to her knees and reached out to grab the toy on her front step. Her gaze kept swiping left to right, not completely trusting her instincts that she was alone.
Her fingers wrapped around the plastic, pulling it closer to her, only looking down when a feather light touch startled her.
A piece of paper.
She looked around once more, sitting back on her butt inside the safety of her home, before pulling it out to take a look.
She flipped it over to find a hand written note.

Lacy,
I’m so very happy you enjoyed yourself 
this morning. As it happens, I too enjoy a good 
wetting every now and again. I wanted to 
bestow upon you my sincerest apologies 
if I’ve upset you in any way.
 It was never my intention.
On that note, I hope you enjoy the upcoming 
weeks, as I’ve got a few surprises in store.
You won’t know when. 
You won’t know where. 
And most importantly, Miss Balls, 
you’ll be completely at my mercy.

Looking forward to our future,
Tim

The second Lacy finished the letter, a small light came on at the end of her driveway.
She gasped, gripping the door handle, finding Tim at the edge of her property holding a flashlight underneath his chin to highlight the deep frown on his face.
She stood, staring him down. His features lightened before bursting out laughing. 
“Good night, Tim!” she called, shutting and locking the door behind her. 
She ran to her room, shutting that door as well, before falling to the floor in a fit of giggles. 
“Shit,” she laughed, finding the previous moment to be thrilling, a bit scary, and of course, humorous.
She’s a grown ass woman, and unless he’s some sort of maniac, she knows he won’t actually hurt her. She can tell from his eyes. The same eyes that light up in amusement with every conversation they have.
A small tingling noise went off in her purse. She fished through it before finding and removing her phone.

Badassbitch 9:23pm
Any attacks on the front?

It was a text from Tara. 

Lacy 9:23pm
None. But a note threatening to surprise me. And what the hell did I tell you about changing your name in my phone? STOP TOUCHING MY PHONE! 

A smiley face was the only response back to that.
She plugged her phone in on her nightstand before removing her makeup and stepping into the shower, somehow looking forward to being surprised again. 










FOUR

Three days passed without a single startle. No surprises. 
Tim waits inside his house until she leaves every morning, waving her off to work. And he sits on his front step with a glass in hand every night that she comes home, again, waving and smiling. 
She was beginning to think that her retaliation was the onslaught of nerves coiled tightly inside her every day.
Friday, the fourth day, she pulled in to find him sitting on his front step again, smiling and waving, and decided she’d had enough. No more hiding. No more suffering. 
This time when she pulled in, she didn’t shut the garage door right away, but instead headed back out on foot, over to confront her tyrant.
“Good evening, Tim.”
“Good evening, Lacy.”  His tone and posture mimicked hers.
He stood to greet her, same boyish smirk on his face as ever.
“I’ve been waiting, and waiting, and,” sigh, “unfortunately waiting, but you’ve done nothing. Please, for the love of God, just do it already. Or are you good to accept that technically we’re even now, since you scared me first and I got you back.”
“Even? I don’t do even. Sorry. But I’m glad you’re here. I thought we could go to the Gaines’ house and get you properly introduced. They’ve been waiting.”
She eyed him carefully while a slow grin crept onto her face. She’s not going to play a fool and fall right into his trap.
“No, thank you, Tim.  I’ve already made plans.”
Is that where her retaliation lie? At the neighbor’s house?
She took a few careful steps back before giving him her knowing smile.
“I’ll tell them you’re busy, then.” 
She watched him disappear back into his house before running in and closing her garage door.
Once inside, she poured herself a soothing glass of wine before changing out of her work clothes, then headed into her backyard to finish the clump of weeds she’d missed last weekend. 
The sun hadn’t quite set yet. She closed her eyes for a moment on the deck, taking a sip of her wine and enjoying the feel of the afternoon rays on her face and legs. Gripping the beach towel in her other hand, she moved down the steps and settled into her seat on the lawn to set up work. 
It was only five minutes into her task that a small movement caught her eye. She stilled, darting her eyes quickly over her work area until she deemed the area safe again. No buggies. 
When she reached back down to grab the weed, a surprisingly large black snake shot out of the flower bush, flying at her with jaw gaping and fangs extended.
“Ahhhhhhhh!” she screamed, jumping backwards the same time she saw Tim’s form rushing toward her from her peripheral, keeping her eyes glued to the snake slithering and hissing in her direction. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked, looking sincerely concerned.
“S-s-snake!!” she wailed, trying to shuffle backwards, but her feet weren’t helping the way that they should.
Suddenly, and very much to her surprise, Tim hurtled himself over the fence, landing between her and the snake.
He bent to pick it up, blocking her view of the offending creature.
“Fuck!” he yelled, adding fuel to the fiery adrenaline rushing through her veins. 
She finally managed to stand, and moved around to look at him, but kept a safe distance in case he planned to throw the beast at her like her male cousins surely would’ve done.
“Are you ok? Did you kill it?”
Can snakes even be killed??
Her voice shook while she searched the ground.
“It bit me,” he breathed between teeth before kicking the now unmoving snake from the grass to up against the fence.  It landed in a heap on the ground. “Fuck,” he repeated, closing his eyes and holding his left hand tightly with his right.
“Oh, no. Oh, fuck. Shitty, fuck fuck. Does it hurt? I need to get you to the hospital. Was it a cobra? Aren’t those poisonous?”
She continued her line of questioning while pulling him away from the fence, trying to examine his wound from a safe distance. 
He wouldn’t let go of his hand, and his eyes were shut tight in pain.
“Hurts,” he moaned, sinking to his knees.
“No! Stand up! Let’s go to the emergency room. I’ll drive! Come on!”
She gripped his shoulder, trying to get him to move, and failed miserably. He’s too damn strong and heavy.
“Too much…pain,” he breathed before falling over on his side.
“Noo! Stay with me. I’ll grab my phone and call an ambulance! Don’t worry, Tim!” she shouted, moving quickly up the stairs. 
It wasn’t until she reached to grab the back door handle that she noticed the smirk forming on his face. He peeked open an eye and grinned devilishly when he saw her watching him.
“You going to stand there and let me die?” he asked, propping up on one elbow to look at her clearly.
“You mother fucker! You were going to let me call 911?! It’s a crime to call when it’s not an emergency, you conniving asshole!”
He enjoyed her rant, smiling, taking it all to heart.
“Now, now, Miss Balls. We’ve got neighbors. Wouldn’t want them to call the cops on a domestic dispute, would you?”
He rose from lounging, still openly laughing at her.
She seethed, glaring at him with nostrils flaring.
“Out! Get out of my backyard!” 
He held up his hands, slowly making his way back to the fence before jumping it once more.
She waited until he landed on his side before storming back inside. After counting to ten, breathing deeply, trying to calm her inner core, she scowled.
A moment ticked by before the humorous side of the situation kicked in. 
He’d gotten her back. It’s done. And yes, she’d been a worried wreck, but for some reason, now that she knows he’s safe, the adrenaline rushing through her body turned to butterflies. 
The doorbell rang, startling her for a moment before she smiled, rushing to tell Tim off again.  The man’s too persistent for his own good.
She spied through the peephole before yelping in surprise. A picture of the same snake, fangs extended in a striking position, was covering it. 
Taking a step back, she opened the door and waited for the worst with her face scrunched up, cracking open an eye when nothing hit her, then smiled at the lovely couple on her doorstep.
“Oh,” she breathed, slightly relieved. “Hello.”
“Hi, there. We just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. We’re Mr. and Mrs. Gaines. Ernie and Viv.”
The old woman handed her a small white plate filled with chocolate chip cookies and covered in green saran wrap.
“Thank you. That’s very kind of you.” Lacy took the plate and stilled when Tim stepped up behind them, looking slightly out of breath. “Please, come in,” she added, ushering them inside, blocking the door when Tim moved to join them.
Her guests seemed oblivious to his presence.
“Am I not forgiven yet?” he asked, hands in his pockets, looking up at her through lowered lashes like a twelve year old boy.
Lacy bit her cheek to keep from grinning.
“Nope.”
She tried to shut the door but he blocked it with his shoe.
“What if they’re serial killers? You want to put yourself in that kind of danger?”
“Over having a heart attack? Any day.”
She kicked his foot away and shut the door, turning around to find the Gaines had ventured up the hallway and were looking at the photos she’d hung.
“Is this your mom?” Viv asked, pointing to a photo taken of her and her mom on her sixteenth birthday. 
Greasy, zitty, gangly and flat chested. Puberty was hell for Lacy.
“It is. Please, come into the living room and I’ll get us some milk so we can enjoy these cookies.”
They sat and talked for about an hour before she led them back out the front door.
“Thanks again for the cookies.”
“Not a problem dear. You just make sure to come over next Wednesday for my baked Ziti.”
“Of course. It was really nice meeting you both.”
Mr. Gaines had only spoken a handful of words the entire time, so Lacy expected the wave he offered in goodbye while they made their retreat.
When they were no longer in sight, she shut the door and looked back out the peephole, smiling to find Tim had replaced the picture of the snake with one of a small, harmless bunny rabbit. 
He just has these cropped pictures on hand? she silently asked herself.
She decided to leave it for now, with more important things on her mind.
While the Gaines’ were there, she’d heard her phone go off three times. Being the polite host that she is, she’d ignored it, while they simply didn’t hear it.
She grabbed it off her bathroom counter and checked the texts. All from Tara.

Tara 6:14pm
@ Leo’s. Guess who just walked in?!?

Tara 6:16pm
Not gonna guess? Fine. Be that way.

Tara 6:19pm
Ok, I’ll tell you. It’s Roger! With a slutty blonde!

Holy shit! Lacy quickly texted back, noting the last one was only sent seven minutes ago.

Lacy 6:26pm
He still there?

 She waited impatiently while her phone told her Tara was writing back.

Tara 6:27pm
Still here, still que…you get the point 

Lacy 6:28pm
I’ll be there in twenty. Act natural!

Lacy quickly plugged her phone in and set to work getting ready. It didn’t take long to redo her makeup and fluff up her hair, changing into her favorite dark jeans and black stiletto’s, throwing on her pushup bra, light pink cami, topping it off with a sheer cream sleeveless blouse that clung to her, revealing her breast in a very subtle, attractive way. 
She sprayed herself, then smelled her armpits before grabbing her clutch and switching her ID, phone, debit card and lip gloss into it from her normal purse.
Lacy walked into her garage, pulling out after only seven minutes. She paused halfway down her drive when the sight of Tim’s house gave her an idea. 
Throwing the car in park, she grabbed her keys and stormed over to his house, knocking and ringing the doorbell incessantly before he finally came to the door.
“Finally. I need you. You owe me. Go change and come with me.”
He leaned against the doorway so casually, completely unnerving her.
“I’m sorry. What was that? I don’t speak rant.”
She glared at him before taking a deep breath.
“Miss Balls needs your help with something. Please.”
“Who’s that?” a woman’s voice asked from inside the house.
Jalynn’s petite form came around the corner, trying not to smile as soon as she saw Lacy at the door.
Lacy didn’t have time for this. She looked up at Tim, who still hadn’t budged, and nodded before turning to leave.
“Whoa! Wait!” He grabbed her by the arm, pulling her inside. “You said there’s an emergency? Let me go change. I’ll be down in two minutes, baby.”
Oh, so now he’s in a rush?
“Thank you,” she mumbled, suddenly very aware that he’d left her alone with his woman stalker.
“Hi! I’m Jalynn, remember?”
“Yes, I do. It’s nice to see you again. I’m La—Misty.”
Jalynn giggled, nodding her head.
“I’d never forget a name like Misty Balls. That must’ve been hell growing up, huh?”
Lacy smiled, thinking it would’ve been.
“Very. I hope I’m not interrupting. I just need to borrow him for thirty minutes, then I’ll have him back here to you.”
Jalynn tilted her head to the side, trying to figure out Lacy’s angle.
“Don’t tell me he’s that bad in bed! You’re in a brand new relationship and he’s already done within thirty minutes?  All these years I’ve been hearing nothing but—”
“I’m ready!” Tim called, abruptly cutting off the poor woman.
Nothing but what? Lacy wondered, now oddly curious to hear the end of that sentence.
“Let’s go,” she said, already halfway out the door before turning back to the woman in his house. “Promise he’ll be back soon.”
Tim didn’t even say bye before he shut the door and followed her over to her car.
“I’ll drive,” he said, holding his hand out for her keys. 
“It’s fine. I’ll drive.”
He stopped walking, waiting for her to change her mind.
“I guess you don’t need me to be anywhere then.”
She glared at him.
“I don’t have time for this! Fine! You drive!”
Tim caught the keys with ease that she’d chucked at him, no doubt hoping to hit his face.
She ran over to the passenger side and waited impatiently for him to climb in.  Then she waited while he adjusted the seat and mirrors before finally doing up his seatbelt and putting the car in gear.
As soon as they eased into traffic she started to get nervous.
“Where are we going?”
“Leo’s.”
“And is there a particular reason you needed me with you? Or was that you’re halfcocked way of asking me out.”
Lacy couldn’t help but laugh. His personality really was something.
“It’s my ex. He’s at the bar with a woman and all I need you to do is just show up with me, act friendly, like you aren’t plotting to scare the shit outa me at any moment, walk with me to grab something from Tara that I oh so desperately need, then we can head out. I just need him to see me happy.”
“Ex, huh? How long’s it been?”
Lacy turned in her seat to converse with him, only then noticing he’d changed into nice black slacks, dress shirt and shoes, and had partially tamed his normally boyish, unruly looking hair. He looked absolutely stunning.
“Over a year.”
“A year?” he gasped, clearly surprised. “And you still want to make him jealous?”
“It’s not exactly like that. It’s just, he broke up with me. And we dated for two years. In my prime ‘marry me’ days. He’s a douche and I want him to eat his heart out. Besides, the last time he saw me I wasn’t at my best. I need to change that.”
Tim grinned before nodding, then cocking his head to the side.
“‘Marry me’ days?”
“Yeah. Most women I know get married, or at the very least engaged by the time they’re thirty. I was almost thirty two when he decided I wasn’t good enough for him.”
Tim sensed the sore subject and wisely let it go.
“How old are you, Lacy?”
The brilliance of rocket science told him she was either thirty three or thirty four, given the rough timeline of their breakup, but he wanted to know her exact age. 
She squirmed in her seat, looking back out the window.
“That’s a very personal question, Tim. Girls never tell their age.” She glanced sideways at him before, “How old are you?”
He gasped.
“Don’t you know how personal of a question that is?”
She bit her cheek to stop from smiling.
“Sorry. But you have one of those faces that deceive me. You could be anywhere from thirty to forty, and I have no idea.”
He smiled.
“Thirty five. Dead center, baby.”
She rolled her eyes, pulling down the passenger mirror to make sure her makeup and hair was still intact. 
After reapplying lip gloss and popping a mint into her mouth, she sat back and waited impatiently for her chance at a very lame revenge.
“Now, I know this’ll be hard for you, but please, please, please, act your age. You’re not bad looking and if Roger sees me happy, I promise that I won’t get my revenge on you for that snake stunt.”
Her tone became pleading, letting Tim know exactly how important this was to her.
“Not bad looking? That’s all?”
Lacy winced. All that she said, and that’s what he picks up on?
“You’re ruggedly handsome. Better?”
He smiled over at her, pulling into the bars parking lot. 
“Loads.”
They parked, and she ripped off her seat belt in a hurry.
He tsk’d, grabbing onto her wrist when she moved to grab the door handle.
“Lacy. If we’re going to do this, we’re going to do this right. My way. You do your job of looking all sexy in that outfit with your pouty little lips, and I’ll do my part of making sure every man in there wishes he were me. Got it?”
His thumb stroked up and down the soft skin of her arm as he spoke, momentarily distracting her.
She finally remembered where they were and why, and nodded, staring wide eyed at him. 
“Wait here,” he said, pocketing her keys while getting out of the car.
Lacy stared after him as he took his time walking from one side of the car to the other, gentlemanly opening her door and taking her hand to help her out.  Her stomach knotted, reeling in anticipation. 
He kept hold of her hand, softly swiping his thumb over her knuckles as they walked toward the front entrance, pulling her hand to his mouth as soon as he opened the door.
“After you, baby.”
She nearly swooned, but instead walked in ahead of him, almost coming unglued from the pressure he applied with his hand at the small of her back. As soon as they cleared the entrance, he retook his position at her side, one hand still on her lower back, and the other taking hold of her hand while he slowly led them inside.
Dozens of bodies moved about here, which meant tonight was a packed night at Leo’s. If Lacy stuck to her plan, she’d be lucky as hell if Roger even glanced her direction once.
“Not so fast,” he whispered. His lips touched her hair when he leaned down and pretended to point something out to her. He pointed at a black and white picture of a woman sunbathing on the beach. “Pretend we’re talking about this picture. You need to un-tense. Quit looking so surprised or we’ll never pull this off.”
Lacy immediately let go of her nerves, leaning into his side and smiling. If he can pretend, then she can too.
Tim smiled when she obeyed. He moved behind her, wrapping both of his hands around her biceps, then slowly, sensually, started moving them up and down, over and over, while whispering in her ear.
She was almost certain that her entire body flamed red since the delicious, nerve wracking heat spread like wild fire within.
“You look so beautiful. So delicious. So…mine.”
Though no one could hear him but her, she still felt self-conscious.
When he tried to move on, she stilled, gripping his pants behind her back.
“Wait a minute,” she whispered, trying to gather her strength. 
When she’d asked Tim to act like her boyfriend, she never in a million years thought the man could behave so…so…stunning, wonderful and sensual. Up until now, everything’s been one big joke to him. She took a deep breath, reminding herself that this is just one friend helping out another. Friends, she repeated, finally feeling the heat leave her body.
“Ok, I’m ready.”
Tim’s arms trailed from her shoulders down to her wrists, before turning her in his arms until his stomach nearly touched against her breasts.  
Deciding two can play his game, she reached up and grabbed the collar on his shirt, pulling his head down until their cheeks rubbed against one another’s. 
“I hope this isn’t too strenuous on you,” she whispered, making sure her lip accidentally grazed his ear lobe. “Pretending to be a sophisticated, satisfying man.”
His arm snaked around her waist, pulling her flush against him. Her breathy, gasp didn’t go unnoticed by him. 
“Oh, Lacy. I’m so going to enjoy tormenting you after this.”
He separated their bodies as soon as she felt the bulge in his pants start to grow.
With her facing him, and he her, he began walking forward, holding her arms and staring at her like she was the most beautiful thing in the world.

Tim kept his mind on the task, slowly making a grand entrance into the bar with his eyes on nothing but her, while also steering her away from tables, chairs, and people since she couldn’t see where they were going. It being a Friday night, the bar was filling up fast and people were rushing to get drunk. But here they were, walking, taking their time, doing nothing but enjoying each other’s company.
When someone rudely jostled her, elbowing her rib, she winced, turning around to berate her new found nemesis.
Tim watched, halfway amused, while she glared at the man who backed away offering his apology, then her eyes were back on his. She twisted around, placing herself beneath his arm so they both faced forward. From this angle, he could clearly see down her shirt and didn’t hide his ogling, until he remembered they were here for her ex. And he had a part to play.
When the crowd parted a bit more, she pointed at her friend Tara that he immediately recognized, sitting in a booth not far from them. 
They walked up the two necessary steps to the booth sections before he made up his mind.
He spun her, placing her back up against the wall with his arm protectively up against one side of her face, leaning into her space.
“Do you see him?” he asked, lifting her chin to meet his gaze with his right pointer finger.  She shook her head. He smiled. “Have you looked around?”
She smiled, shook her head, then tried to inconspicuously look around for the wanker she’d called Roger. When moving just her eyes wasn’t working, she bit her cheek and wrapped her arms around his neck, moving her fingers gently across the back of his neck while standing on tiptoe to find the man.
While she continued her search, he began an inspection of his own, staring deep into her eyes, waiting, waiting for his moment.
The softness of her touch made him want to touch her all over, see if everything was as soft as her hands and arms. The tease of her cleavage made him want to dig his hands down her shirt to fondle and pluck at her nipples. Would they be tiny and pink, or large and red?
Her entire body stilled and she pulled back, looking up at him with unease.
“He’s in the booth behind Tara.”
Without looking, and really uncaring if the prick did get to see this beautiful creature up against him, he leaned in further, smelling her hair, grinning against her ear.
“What do you want him to see?” he asked.
She shuddered before stepping back, looking up at him with vengeance in her eyes.
“Whatever you’re comfortable with. But please, just keep….acting this way. You have me almost believing we’re a couple.”
She smiled at him, and he nodded, grinning back. 
“As you wish.”
“Lacy!” Tara called. The entire half of the bar looked their way, including Roger, Tim noted. 
Lacy did well. She kept her smile on her fake boyfriend before turning to greet Tara, closing her eyes when they hugged so she wouldn’t pinpoint her ex. “Hey!” Tara exclaimed again before wrapping Tim in what looked to be a familiar, friendly hug. She’d watched their little encounter and immediately found out what they were up to. And Tara knew that if anyone were dating Lacy, they’d also be knowledgeable of her, so tried to act like she’d known him for years. “So glad you both made it! Come join me!”
She began pulling Lacy along with her, but stopped when she didn’t budge.
Tim swooped in, saving the moment once again. With a quick kiss to her temple, he stepped back and announced he’d get a round of drinks for the table. Her answering smile made his heart warm. She mouthed Corona before allowing Tara to lead her to the table, eyes still locked on her pretend boyfriend. She sat down and scooted to the center before lifting her gaze again.
Bravo! Tim wanted to shout, but he’d let her know how well she did after they left.
He was back by her side moments later with three Coronas and limes, distributing the drinks before offering a cheers. He draped an arm over Lacy and hugged her to him. 
“To the start of a very promising weekend.”
“Here, here!” Tara yelled.
It wasn’t five minutes into their drinks that Tim realized Tara was one loud woman. Whether to help goad the man in the booth behind them or not, Tim’s nerves were running very thin.
A few minutes later and a high pitch squeal sounded from the woman sitting with Roger.
“Oh, stop. You’re so naughty!” she fake whispered. On purpose or not, Tim felt Lacy’s unease and instantly shot to his feet.
“Dance with me,” he demanded, reaching out for her hand. 
Without waiting for a response, he removed her from the booth and held onto her waist as they pushed through the bodies until reaching the dance floor on the opposite side of the building.











FIVE

The DJ pumped an upbeat song through the sound system while Tim led Lacy through the writhing bodies.  As soon as they stopped in the center of the dance floor, the sound of slow guitar strokes started up. Tim swiftly spun her out before reeling her back into his arms when most of the writhing bodies dispersed to fill up on their drinks until the next fast song. With one arm holding her waist possessively, and the other entwined with her fingers up against his chest, he began to rock back and forth. 
“Eyes on me,” he whispered. She smiled, scooting closer when his fingers started caressing her back through two layers of thin fabric.
“You’re a very seductive dancer, Mr. Tim.”
He smiled, revealing the straight top row of his teeth. 
“Back at ya, Miss Lacy.” He leaned down again, smelling her hair. “He’s squirming like a child. They followed us out here and it’s driving him nuts that he can’t get you to look over at him. Don’t look!” he added when her face moved minutely to the left to see for herself.
“Can I look up at you again?”
“Yes.”
She did. Keeping her eyes locked on his. 
“You’re sure it’s him?” she whispered again, moving closer in his arms.
“Positive. Beak of a nose, blond hair receding into his scalp, ugly Barbie clutching his arms.”
She giggled into his chest before moving both of her arms around his neck. 
“That’s him. Thanks again for doing this.”
“No problem. Just remember this the next time Jalynn decides to show up unannounced.”
She stilled, gasping.
“You left her in your house! We should get back! It’s been much longer than thirty minutes.”
When she tried to move out of his arms, he grabbed her own and wrapped them back around his neck.
“Nothing to worry about. She’s more than likely left.”
“You trust her in your house alone?”
“Of course. Known her for years.”
“Oh.”
He stared down at her, easily picking up their rhythm again while the soft words of love and guitar strings resonated throughout the room.
“If you’d like to go, we can, but don’t rush on my behalf. We haven’t even made him that mad yet.”
She smiled again, stopping when the music changed.
“Let’s go back to the booth.”
With Tim’s hand in hers, she led the way off the dance floor and back to Tara. A small tug on her hand stopped her before Tim’s mouth was back at her ear.
“I’m going to the restroom. Will join you shortly. Try to remain standing.”
His odd request had her smiling the entire way back to the booth before propping her hip against the side and beaming down at Tara.
“Holy fuck, he’s doing such a good job! I only have to stand and stare; he’s putting on a whole show!”
Tara nodded her agreement, sipping her beer. 
“Girl, if you don’t want him, I’ll have him.” Tara’s eyes changed from ecstatic to worried in a second flat. “Don’t look, oh shit!” she whispered.
Lacy tried to remain at ease, not looking behind her, but Roger called her name and gently tugged on her elbow.  She had no choice but to turn around and face him. 
“Oh! Roger…er…hi.”
He kept hold of her elbow, looking her up and down.
“Lacy. You look wonderful. How’ve you been?”
Roger leaned in, kissing her cheek lightly before taking a step back.
“I’m good. And you?” She managed to extract her arm from his grip and stand up straight. 
Tara, for once, remained silent.
“I’ve been busy. Always busy, you know. But I was thinking about you last week and…”
Whatever he was saying stopped registering to Lacy the moment she spotted Tim making his way toward her. His eyes never strayed from hers. A charming smile parted his lips when he slowly, oh-so-slowly, stopped in front of her, pulling her against him.
Everything around her disappeared. There was no one around but the two of them.
She heard herself gasp when he leaned down, hovering inches above her mouth as his hands moved up her sides to hold her. His thumbs stopped parallel to her bra strap, fingers digging into the soft flesh of her back.  Her nipples puckered, breasts growing heavy in anticipation.
Lacy stared into his eyes, waiting, wanting.
When his lips finally landed on hers, she melted into him. A soft meeting of flesh and she turned into a pile of goo. It was a short kiss. Tender, wonderful, but brief. He pulled back, keeping his hands on her, and smiled.
“Missed you,” he announced.
She smiled back.
“When you were peeing?” she couldn’t help but ask.
He laughed, then pretended to notice the man gawking at him for the first time.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Was I interrupting?”
Roger regained composure, pulling himself together for appearance sake before reaching out a hand.
“I’m Roger.”
“Oh, forgive me. I’ve been rude. Honey, this is Roger. Roger, this is…” she hesitated for a second before the brilliant idea of payback flashed through her mind. “Tim. Tim Balls.”
“Tim Balls?” Roger asked, trying to remain straight faced.
“The one and only.” Tim shook Roger’s hand like the ex’s presence didn’t bother him a bit. Of course it didn’t.  Who was Lacy to him?  No one. She knew that. “And you’re…Roger? Do you two work together?”
Roger’s jaw ticked in irritation before looking dumbfounded at Lacy.
“I’m Lacy’s ex-boyfriend, actually.”
Tim pretended to look apologetic. 
“I’m sorry. Never heard of you. Roger? Hmm.” He turned to face Lacy once more. “Ready to go, hun?”
“Sure. We should get home to feed Porter before he starts scratching up the walls again,” she replied sweetly, giving his bicep a little squeeze before turning back to Roger. “It was nice seeing you.”
He nodded, walking back to his booth as if the entire exchange hadn’t just completely unmanned him.
Lacy and Tara locked eyes. Only a silent nod was needed to say everything they needed to say.
“Mac’s running late, but should be here soon. Go! I’ll be fine.”
“It was a pleasure seeing you again, Tara. Until next time.”
Tim left it at that while taking Lacy’s hand in his, leading them back out onto the street. It’s dark now, but the street light they parked under lit up their embrace. He walked her to the car, helped her in, then slowly got in on his side. It was silent in the car until he pulled out into traffic.
“That was amazing!” he cried out, banging his hand against the steering wheel. “I did so good. I’m surprised at myself. Did you see me in there?”
Lacy looked at him, completely amazed that he can be both this wild, loud, crazy man, and the incredibly attractive, attentive one she’d miraculously witnessed.
“You did very well, Mr. Balls.”
“Back at ya, Mrs. Balls. And who’s Porter?”
“Our imaginary dog. I always wanted to get a dog, but he didn’t, so naturally, we didn’t have one.”
He stared out the front window for a moment, thinking.
“A dog? I should get a dog. That’s a great idea! And I’ll name him Porter.”
“Don’t you dare! I’m getting a dog and naming him Porter! I’m going next weekend.”
He smiled at her tone, loving the way he got her so worked up. 
“Next weekend? Well I’m going tomorrow.”
Her eyes narrowed in on him, trying to sort out his personality. Was he telling the truth?
“Then I’m going tonight,” she countered, then scowled, knowing full well she didn’t have time to care for a dog with her hectic schedule. But maybe in a couple of months…
His amused chuckle caused her fur to bristle even more. 
“Relax! I won’t name my dog Porter. You’re so easy to play with. I’m so glad you moved in next door to me.”
She relaxed against her seat once more, trying to figure out this crazy man.
“I’m glad I got the house, but not so sure about this one neighbor I have. He’s…I don’t know…slow, I think.”
“Slow how?” he asked, playing along but honestly curious to her musings.
“It’s like he never had a childhood, and now that he’s a grown man, out of his parent’s house finally at the tender age of thirty five, he’s having all the fun he never had.”
Lacy waited, breathing quietly, watching his facial features change from playful to almost hurt in a matter of seconds. When he noticed she’d been watching him, he smiled again. But it was different from before.
“I’ll have you know that the very man you speak of moved out at the tender age of thirty four, so your insights are obviously wrong.”
Lacy couldn’t help but laugh. Of course he’d make light of a subject that obviously hurts him. She seriously doubted she’d ever find out why, so let it go as they started navigating back through their neighborhood.
“So, you’ve known Jalynn for years?” she prompted, honestly curious of the bizarre relationship they seem to have.
“Yep. Want to come with me tomorrow to pick out a dog?”
That was a fast change of subject, she thought.
“Umm, sorry, can’t. But definitely want to meet the pup when you bring him home.”
Tim pulled into her driveway, hitting the garage door opener so he could pull all the way in. When they got out, she met him at the back of the car to say good night.
“Thanks for doing that for me, Tim. I will forever remember the look on Roger’s face when you acted as if his name held no meaning to you. Priceless. Truly.”
“It was an absolute pleasure. Anytime. Have fun tomorrow, and I’ll be sure to stop by after going to the pound.”
He started walking back across the lawn, passing a hand through his hair.
“Night, Tim.”
“Night, Lacy.”








SIX

“Girl, you weren’t even listening to Roger while he was talking to you. It drove him insane. He actually stopped talking and stared at Tim with you.”
Tara came over a little after three on Saturday to offer her help in decorating the small room off to the side when you walk in the front door. For the past hour they’d both been sitting in comfy arm chairs, sipping wine, and gossiping.
“What was he saying?” Lacy asked. 
“That he missed you and wanted to take you out today. I’m so proud of my girl, ignoring the weasel and finally getting some from the hot neighbor boy.”
Lacy blushed, looking away. 
“It’s not like that. He kissed me to help piss off Roger, which was a complete success. It worked. Tim and I are just friends.”
“Please,” Tara scoffed. “That man has fuckable written all over him.”
“True.” Lacy laughed, setting down her wine to hang a rectangle picture of a long beach in Hawaii. “He’s obviously very attractive, but you know how he usually acts.”
“Actually, I don’t. Why don’t we invite him over so I can meet and hang out with him? All I’ve heard is hear-say, and you know how I hate gossip.”
Lacy rolled her eyes, knowing that statement to be completely false.
“He left a few minutes ago. I saw his jeep pull out.”
“Damn, in that case…Mac wants me to head back over to his place. Want to come for dinner?”
“No thanks. I’m gonna finish this room, then take a long, bubbly, relaxing bath.”
“Mmm, sounds amazing. Let me know how it goes.”
Lacy smiled before wrapping her friend in hug.
“Bye!” she called just before the front door slammed.
She got back in work mode easier than when Tara had been there. She’d practically set her back a few hours, hindering the help.
After hanging the two pictures, rearranging the furniture to look out the front bay window, and throwing all her tools back into their case, she froze in place.
Just five feet in front of her, climbing up the open archway with ease, was a spider with legs spanning out the width of her hand, presumably. She swallowed the scream in her throat, quickly deciding to leave the room with her back up against the other side of the wall before the beast got her.
She took two shaky steps forward before it moved lightning fast, running to the very center of the arch, then stopped.  Backtracking to the furthest armchair, she eyed her assailant carefully, thinking it honestly knew it was trapping her, holding her hostage.
If it moves that fast, I’ll never make it out alive, she thought, nerves clenching tight in her belly.

Tim started to wonder about Lacy’s mental health when he came back from his walk with Berkley, and she still stood stick straight in the middle of her front room, which she’d newly decorated, he noted.
He’d come home an hour ago, knocked on her door with the puppy in hand, and left when there was no answer. Then he had a quick bite to eat before putting a leash on his pup. He walked past her house, saw her standing like a statue, decided there must be someone in the room that he couldn’t see, then took off for a small jog. Thirty minutes later, and she’s still standing there. He couldn’t see her face from this angle, but with the rise and fall of her chest, he could tell it was a human and not some manikin. 
He could try knocking again, but she’s obviously been standing there for some time since he hadn’t seen her car arrive after coming home. It was getting darker by the minute, and her weird pose was starting to freak him out.
Tim dug his cell from his pocket, scrolled through to her newly acquired home phone number, then hit send. He heard it ringing from the sidewalk, but Lacy still didn’t move. When her generic answering machine picked up, he hung up, scrolling down to her cell number. He hit send, watching her through the window anxiously.
She barely moved, but grabbed the phone out of her back pocket and pulled it to her ear.
“Hello?” she breathed. Her voice was so faint, so quiet, he could barely hear her.
“Are you alright?” he whispered back.
“Tim? I need help!” Her voice rose at the end, barely becoming audible. “I’m trapped in my house. Cornered. He won’t let me leave!”
Her voice began to crack, as if the stress of her situation was crumbling down on her.
“Who’s in your house, Lacy? Where are they?”
He picked up Bentley with his free hand, leaving his eyes trained on the woman in the window.
“In the archway to the room,” she squeaked.
“And they’re letting you talk on the phone, letting you tell me this?”
He was halfway to his house to grab a gun before she’d revealed this to him. He backtracked, flying up the stairs to her front door while putting his ear to it, listening for any sounds.
“He’s surprisingly ok with it. Hasn’t made any sudden moves or anything to let me know I’m doing anything wrong.”
“Does he have a weapon? A gun or a knife?”
“No…I don’t think so.”
None of that made sense. Dog in one hand, phone in the other, he stared down at the door handle before using his shoulder to hold the phone in place while turning the knob and letting himself into her home, cautiously. 
He stepped in, snapping the phone shut when he in fact saw no man in the archway, no man hiding behind the door, and no man in the hallway.
She still stood in place, eyes wide, terrified, staring at the space between the archway.
“Lacy? You alright? There’s no one here.”
A panic attack seemed to surge through her when he took two steps forward.
“Stop! Stop! It’s fast. It’ll get you!”
And that made absolutely no sense either.
“Lacy, honey, I think you’re low on meds or something. Is there someone I can call for you?”
She shook her head, eyes practically bulging from her head. That’s when he finally noticed the smallest of movements a foot or so in front of him.
Dangling six or so inches on a web from the middle of the archway he found a moderately sized spider twirling, almost showing off his ability to float in the air.
Everything she’d said on the phone floated through his mind and he began to chuckle.
She didn’t think he had a gun or a knife? Wouldn’t let her leave the room?
Not seeing anything funny about the situation, Lacy remained shocked, horrified and stunned in place on the opposite side of the room.
“Please,” she cried. “Get rid of it.”
“How long have you been standing there?” he asked, looking around for a magazine or something.
“Please,” she whispered again.
The spider suddenly moved, climbing back up its web before sprinting down the side of the wall.  Lacy’s strangled cry alarmed him so much, he too began to panic. He set Berkley down and ran down the hall to the bathroom, coming back with a huge wad of toilet paper. Usually he’d just use his hand, but this fucker was fast and large. Too creepy for even him.
By the time he returned, she was standing on her arm chair, looking down at his dog in both awe and repulsion.
“Where’d it go?” he asked, trying like hell to find the fast fucker.
She pointed at the dog. He glanced down, watching the bulldog lick his lips.
“He ate it,” she gasped. “Will his body even be able to digest that?”
“Ate it? Cripes. But yes, he’ll be able to pass it, Lacy. It wasn’t made of steel.” He eyed her, amusement coming back into his face. “Ready to come down?”
She shook her head.
“No. I will forever love your dog, but I can’t be near him until I witness he took a bath and you somehow wash out his mouth.”
He gawked at her, but resigned to have it her way.
“I’ll be right back.”
He left, bringing the dog back to his place before shutting him in his main floor bathroom, then jogged back to Lacy’s only to find she still hadn’t moved. 
“I’ll cook you dinner if you do one more thing for me.”
He smiled, trying his best not to laugh at her.
“Ok.”
“Will you grab the cleaner from underneath my kitchen sink and wipe down the wall of the archway? I can’t walk through it until I know the beast’s web is completely gone.”
With his lips pressed together, he nodded, taking his time while grabbing some paper towels and the cleaner. After filling the archway once more, using slow, measured movements, he started scrubbing at the top and worked his way down both sides, not looking at her again until he finished.
She exhaled, relieved beyond belief while finally letting her body sag. 
“You’re a life saver, Tim!” she exclaimed. 
Even after it’d been cleaned, she still walked sideways under the arch, not wanting to touch either side of the wall or the ceiling. 
She wrapped him in a hug and led him back into her kitchen.
“How long were you standing there, Lacy? I got home almost two hours ago and you didn’t come to the door. Were you there this entire time?”
She glanced at the clock, then outside to see how dark it was getting.
 “Damn, no wonder my body aches so much… about two hours. And I yelled for you to come in, but you didn’t hear me.”
Tim gave her an odd look before, “When you yelled, did you use the same whispered voice you used to talk to me on the phone?”
She bit her cheek, turning away from him while opening the fridge.
“Maybe.”
Tim lost it. He burst out laughing and couldn’t stop himself. Two hours?? 
When Lacy resurfaced from hiding in the fridge, she placed a bottle of wine and a left over pizza box on the counter before slowly joining in his spirit. 
She leaned against the counter, trying her hardest not to laugh along with him, but the joy of his laugh was contagious. And although the situation had been anything but funny at the time, she now saw how ridiculous it all was.
“Stop laughing,” she pleaded, coming up for air on a particularly long winded silent laugh.  She tried her hardest not to chuckle out loud, knowing full well how loud it’d be. “Seriously,” she gasped. “Seriously stop. I’m going to pee!”
Lacy peeled away from the counter while doing something incredibly unattractive. Cupping the juncture of her legs to hold it in, she bolted to her room then shut and locked herself in the bathroom to relieve herself. 
She laughed while peeing. Laughed while washing her hands. And even laughed a little after taking a deep breath to exit her room. Tim was still standing at the counter, tight lipped, trying to suppress his laughter.
As soon as they made eye contact, the laughing began all over again. Lacy fell over on the couch, trying to hide her face. Tim joined her a minute later, shoving a cold piece of pizza in her hand, stuffing another into his own mouth.
“I haven’t laughed that hard in ages. Thanks, Lace.”
She removed the hand from over her face long enough to take a bite and reply.
“Don’t call me Lace, and you’re very welcome for the entertainment.”
He kept grinning, but had his laughter in check. 
“Do you prefer Miss Balls?”
“Not really. Just not Lace.”
“Sassy?”
She smiled.
“No thanks. You can call me CeeCee, if you’d like.”
“Why not Lace?”
Lacy couldn’t help but scowl, picking sausage off her slice with her nail before devouring it. 
“My dad used to call me Lace. I hate him. So I hate Lace.”
Tim watched the emotions roll off her face, nodding when she looked up to check his reaction to her words.
“Got it.” He wisely decided to drop it.  “So, you don’t like bugs, do you? I mean, two hours? Why didn’t you call someone?”
Back on neutral grounds, Lacy’s mood lifted again.
“Not in the slightest. I had the house bug bombed twice and cleared out before I even moved in. That little fucker must’ve snuck in with one of the moving boxes.  And I didn’t know I had my phone with me.”
They finished off their first slices before Lacy made both of their seconds in the microwave, then brought over the wine and glasses as they ate on the couch.
“No bugs then. I’ll put that on the list of no’s, for practical jokes. I’d hate to creep you out so much that you couldn’t leave a room.”
“No bugs, please,” she sighed, shuddering once before drinking down half of her wine. “But while we’re on this topic, why do you want to mess with me so badly? Or do you harass every neighbor for a few months when they move in? Like hazing in a frat house or something.”
She leaned her head back against the couch, eyes closed in exhaustion.
Tim quickly surveyed her while he could.
With a light blue short-sleeved tee that clung to her shape and revealed her cleavage, tight white capri lounge pants, and her golden hair tossed up into a pony tail, she looked very comfortable. And very sexy. Between her softly parted lips sat crystal white teeth. She must’ve had braces as a kid, for how perfectly straight they were.
When he’d first done his analysis of her just a few weeks ago, he’d thought her body a tad too wide, but tonight, she looked perfect. Not too big, not too small. And her breasts! Every time she took a breath he wanted to put one in his mouth.
“You want me to go?” he asked when her eyes remained closed for a full minute.
She cracked open an eye, giving him a small shake of her head.
“No. I want the question answered. Just want to know how long I should wear Depends when I’m at home.”
He smiled back.
“Well, I don’t know. When are you going to see your doctor about your bladder problem?”
Lacy didn’t laugh at his response, but she did crack a small smile.
“Fine. Don’t tell me. But just remember, I bite back.”
“Noted, CeeCee.” He stood. “Until next time? You look exhausted.”
She stood with him, nodding.
“I am.” They walked in silence to her front door. “Thank your dog for me. And thanks again for saving me. I probably would’ve been there til Tara came looking for me.”
“My pleasure, neighbor.” 
He turned to leave but she called out, suddenly remembering something.
“Wait! How’d you get my phone number?”
Tim grinned when he turned back to face her.
“We got our neighborhood emergency contact list. I now have your home, cell and work number.”
She froze, wide-eyed.
“Don’t you dare! I’ll put up with your shit at home, but if you start harassing me at work, I’ll have to get a restraining order.”
He couldn’t help but smile back.
“Noted. G’night.”
“Night.”







SEVEN

Lacy cursed out loud three times while walking to her front door. The incessant ringing wouldn’t stop. She had a strong feeling it’d be Tim, but just didn’t have the patience to deal with him now. Not after the day at work she’d had.
One glance through the peep hole revealed a kitten yawning. No help there. Tim and his damn pictures!
Tim stood on the other side of the door, smiling wide when she answered. Dressed casually in a short-sleeved black tee, gray shorts, and white flip flops, he looked ready for the beach.
“Ready?”
“For what?” she asked, peeling off the picture and leaving the door open for him to enter at his own risk. 
Plopping back onto her couch, arms crossed over her chest, she resumed her pouting.
“Rough day?”
“Very.”
“Well I’d love to sit and chat about it, but the Gaines are waiting for us.”
Lacy bolted upright, cursing again.
“I forgot about dinner. It’s Wednesday already?”
“Once a week,” he smiled.
“Ugh, I’m going to cancel.”
He gasped, pulling her gaze to him, confused.
“Are you sure you want to do that?”
She stood, worried now.
“Why? Do you think they’ll be mad?”
“Mad, no. Hurt, disappointed, lonely? Yes.”
Lacy glared at him, biting her cheek to stop the rant she felt coming when he instantly tried to make her feel bad.
“Why are you here? Did they invite you too?”
“Sure did. I came to escort you over.”
“I’ll be fine. Go.”
He snorted.
“I’m not leaving you over here with your thoughts so you can ditch them.”
“Gah!” With both hands on either side of her temple drawing small circles in a calming manner, Tim waited patiently for her to re-open her eyes.  When she did, she moved straight for the kitchen. “I need a drink. I can’t do this.” Of course the cork would be stuck in the bottle; today of all days. It’s just her luck. After a few moments of cursing, pulling and breathing hard, she stopped, glaring down at her nemesis.
“Can’t do what? Here, let me help you.” With infinite ease, he popped the cork and handed her back the bottle.
Instead of reaching for a glass or even offering him a drink, she tipped it up and started chugging. Wine’s not for chugging, ever, but tonight was all about will power.  
Tim watched, practically mesmerized, as she downed the bottle. When she came up for air, a single drop escaped her mouth, dribbling down her chin. In a moment that seemed to shock them both, he actually moved his hand toward her chin to wipe it off, but she beat him to it.
The angelic smile she offered while also holding out the bottle toward him, made him chuckle.
“No, thanks. Are you ready?”
She growled, curling her lip in disgust like a five year old.
“Fine. Let’s get this over with.”
It was tempting to change into sweats before heading over, but Lacy didn’t want to be rude. They marched across the lawn and stopped on the bricked front porch. Tim turned and looked her up and down before yanking the cell out of her hands.
“Hey!” 
“Shh. I’m turning it on silent. Not vibrate. Trust me, you’ll thank me.”
“For what? I need my phone!”
Instead of handing it back to her, he pocketed it, raising his brow in a warning not to argue.
He knocked, then took a step back and repeated, “Trust me.”
A couple seconds passed before the door cracked open and Ernie’s bald head popped out. He was careful not to open the door any wider than his head. Confused, Lacy stepped toward him.
“Hello, Mr. Gaines. I hope I’m not too early for dinner tonight. I’ve been looking forward to Mrs. Gaines’ baked—”
“Her baked potatoes!” Tim yelled, completely cutting her off. “But I told Lacy that we’d be enjoying your lovely wife’s very rare spaghetti. It’s Lacy’s favorite,” he added when Ernie had yet to open the door or acknowledge that he could actually see them.
“Who is it, Ernie?” Viv’s voice floated out from somewhere deep in the house.
He blinked then, opening the door another crack. 
“It’s the new neighbor, and Timothy.”
“Oh, well invite them in!”
With one last leering look, he stepped back and opened the door another six inches, barely wide enough to skim through and not catch your clothes on the brick outlining the house.
Tim went first, kindly taking Lacy’s hand when her eyes didn’t seem to be able to close. Wide saucers remained on her face when she finally stepped through. Ernie, perhaps not wanting any fresh air in the house, slammed the door as soon as Lacy’s leg cleared the space. Barely. 
She jumped, gripping Tim’s arm for support. 
Have I wandered into the house of a thousand corpses? she mused, suddenly incredibly thankful she hadn’t come alone.
Tim glanced down at the hand digging into his bicep before openly mocking her.
‘Scared?’ he mouthed. She returned his annoyance with a glare, removing her hand and fisting them down at her sides. 
When she turned away, eyes skittering about to take in her scenery, Ernie had already left them. 
Every wall was painted the same dark cherry red, which wouldn’t have scared Lacy, except for the decorations. The entire front foyer was covered in round and oval picture frames, each containing a photo of a cat. And upon a little further inspection, she realized they were all of the same cat. A gigantic orange furball that looked to weigh fifty pounds was photographed in every position and angle possible. 
A shudder ran through Lacy’s body as she took a few steps in, halting in front of the sitting room. With two large doors on retractable hinges, she peeked in and found that indeed, this room was housing the same hideous décor. Garfield, she presumed. Only, this room held larger frames of all sizes. 
Instead of a couch, TV, or anything you’d find in a normal house, there were two giant cat beds, one black, one white, that were only accompanied by four of the largest cat toys she’d ever seen. It’s an actual jungle gym room for the damn pet! 
Lacy held in her shudder this time, but couldn’t seem to get her eyes to go back to normal size.
“You’re in for a real treat, Miss Balls.”
Tim’s whispered words did nothing to comfort her.
“Don’t leave me here,” she whispered back.
He laughed, pressing his lips together to catch the noise before it echoed.
“Follow me.”
At the end of the hallway was a large grandfather clock. Against all odds, it actually was the one piece of furniture that looked right. Nothing creepy on that end. 
It wasn’t until they rounded a small U-shaped wall and came to the kitchen/dining room that Lacy reached out and took hold of Tim’s hand again, squeezing her terror into him.
Aside from the walls being an ugly mustard color and a few more scattered pictures that matched throughout the house, it was the creepy dangling puppet clowns hanging from the ceiling that turned her blood cold. Not just any clowns, but sadistic clowns. Every single one of them had an evil smirk on their face, or was frowning.  
“I’m never going to see my mom again, am I?” she asked in a small, resigned voice.
Tim couldn’t hold in his laughter anymore. A deep rumble erupted from him, startling the Gaines’ from their concentration of setting the table.
“Oh! There you are dearie! Come, come. Take a seat.”
The couple wore matching blue flannel shirts and hummed the same weird tune while finishing off the silverware.
Noting the table was set for eight only confused her more.
Tim, still gripping her hand in comfort, led her to the table and pulled out the middle chair for her. She quickly accepted it, pleading with her eyes for him to come back when he started making his way around to the other side of the table up against the wall, sitting directly across from her. The Gaines’ sat at each head of the table after Ernie ripped the phone from the wall, disconnecting it.
Tim’s nostrils flared in amusement when Lacy’s face paled again.
Tim took my phone. I’m going to die here.
“Would you like to ring the bell, Lacy?”
“Umm. No, thank you?”
She pretended to look at Viv in reply, when really she was casing the place for all its exits.
“Tim?” she asked again.  He merely smiled before breaking his gaze away from Lacy.
“It’d be a pleasure, Viv.”
With a flick of his wrist, the tiny bell he took hold of started tinkling. All at once, four gigantic orange cats came prancing into the room and took the four remaining seats, surrounding all of them.
It took a moment for Lacy to realize that this was a normal routine for this household. Every night they’d set the table for their cats to join them. 
Creepy.
It was Tim who reached for the first dish, uncovering the top to reveal a bowl of meatballs. He dished two to every cat then took two for himself and passed it along.
How many times has he had to endure this? He already knows the routine?!
He did the same with every dish until everyone had a little of everything on their plates. 
Lacy picked up her fork, stilling when Tim shook his head at her. 
“Your napkin.” Tim handed her a napkin over the table, concealing her phone within it. 
“T-thanks,” she replied, quickly placing both in her lap. 
After contemplating calling 911 a few times, she finally noticed her phone had lit up with a text message.

Tim 6:26pm
Can’t eat until each cat takes at least one bite.

Lacy 6:26pm
This is fucking creepy Tim!

Tim 6:27pm
At least you’re not alone. I endured this by myself, thinking exactly what you’re thinking now, no doubt

Lacy 6:28pm
I want to go home! PLEASE GET ME OUT OF HERE!

Tim laughed again, covering the noise with a cough before smiling over at Viv.
“It looks wonderful. Thanks for inviting us over.”
Viv didn’t acknowledge him, but she did lift her nose in what looked to be a threatening manner.

Tim 6:30pm
Oh, did I forget to mention that there’s absolutely no talking allowed at dinner? I also had to learn that alone.

Lacy watched as each cat started mowing down a meatball before glancing back up at Tim.

Lacy 6:33pm
Eat fast! I plan to be home in ten minutes

Tim 6:34pm
Won’t do any good. You’re not allowed to leave until they’re done

Lacy’s mouth gapped before picking up a piece of undercooked noodle, shoving it in her mouth to gauge the taste.

Lacy 6:35pm
How many times have you been here?

Tim 6:35pm
Three times. That’s four times too many

Lacy did her best to keep shoveling food in her mouth while hiding her phone and the fact that she kept staring at her lap. Tim looked to be more comfortable, only glancing down once every thirty seconds or so.

Lacy 6:37pm
Is this one of your jokes? Is that why I’m here?

Tim 6:38pm
Even I’m not this cruel! As you can see, I came for your protection. Can you imagine what you would’ve been feeling if I hadn’t come?

Lacy 6:39pm
Well I thank you for playing the role as my protector. If you can get us out of here in the next five minutes, I’ll owe you whatever favor you want. ANYTHING!

The wicked smirk he gave her did nothing to scare away her offer. In fact, right now she’d even consider giving him a blow job every day for the rest of his life…that is, if he’d even accept that from her. 

Tim 6:41pm
Anything’s a dangerous word. And I’ve got your promise saved in my phone now

Lacy 6:42pm
Don’t be an ass. You know what I mean.

When one of the cat’s heads bowed down, she chanced a glance at her hospitable hosts. Each were engrossed in their meals or staring fondly at a cat. 
The orange fluff sitting to her right looked up at her, licking spaghetti sauce from its furry little mouth. It was the dark gleam in its eye that scared her though. It was looking deep into her soul, judging her.
Lacy cleaned off her plate and began counting the milliseconds it was taking for everyone else to finish. She’d only gotten to a minute and a half when the only, albeit stupid, idea came to her. Underneath the table she started scratching at her arms until they became bright red and slightly enflamed. Then, calling on her very limited gag reflexes, she pictured swallowing spinach. The taste of it even somehow got into her mouth, making her nostrils flare.
Her whole body rocked forward on a gag. No one looked at her, except for Tim, who seemed to be catching on to her charade. She gagged once more, moving both hands up to her mouth to reveal her ‘allergic reaction’ to everyone present.
“Oh, dear,” Viv whispered. 
Lacy used her one and only opening. 
“I’m so sorry, Viv, but I seem to be having an allergic reaction to the cats. I think—” She suppressed another gag, eyes watering as she dry heaved into her mouth. “I need to go. I’m so sorry. I feel terrible, but I don’t want to ruin any of your appetites by getting sick here.”
She stood while Viv nodded, turning around before sighing in deep resounding relief. It wasn’t fair to leave Tim there, and he did come to dinner to save her in the first place, so she did a half turn, placing her hand over the top of the chair, gripping it tightly.
“Tim, I’m sorry to ruin your dinner, but could you help me walk back to my house? I really don’t feel very well.”
He stood before she finished talking, nodding at both of their hosts before wrapping an arm around her waist.
It felt like hours, but in reality it only took a minute for them to escape out the way they’d come in. They kept up the charade until safely shutting themselves away in her house.
Lacy shook her entire body, the heebie-jeebies getting a strong hold of her. Tim silently applauded her with his eyes before joining her on the couch.
“That was the worst thing I’ve had to endure in my entire life. From now on, no matter what, I am never stepping foot back into their house.”
Tim laughed.
“They’re good people.”
“Never said they weren’t, but come on! What was with those creepy ass clowns?”
“No idea. It was easier stomaching them this time…but the first time, I eyed every single one of them before taking a bite. It was like they were waiting for something before they’d come to life or something.”
Lacy groaned, ripping off her heels.
“Why didn’t she make her Ziti?”
“She never does. She says Ziti, baked potatoes and chicken or pot roast, but it’s always spaghetti.
“And why’d you take my phone away?”
“If they would’ve seen it they would’ve stashed it in their kitchen drawer. You had nowhere to hide it in those skin tight clothes of yours.”
With absolutely no emotion on her face, she nodded, then stood.
“Be right back, unless you have to go.”
“Don’t have to, but I can.”
“It’s early yet. I’ll change and be right back.”
“K.”







EIGHT

“Finally,” he teased when she reemerged from her bedroom. 
Having only been gone a minute or two, she didn’t feel bad for or reply to him.
After the hurtful remark of her skin tight clothes, she felt even more self-conscious about her weight and had to change into something more loose, yet still flattering. 
“Do you work?” she suddenly asked. “I’ve never seen you leave during the week, and you’re always home when I am.”
“I work from home. Wana come play with Berkley?”
Always so quick to change the subject.
“Did you bathe him? Wash out his mouth?”
“Neither. Wana help me do it?”
She hesitated, thinking over her other options for the night. There’s always the option of catching up on her DVR, renting a movie on TV, going through her box of pictures, or just falling asleep early.
“Sure. Do you even have the supplies?”
“Yeah, got them the other day but haven’t felt the need to wash him since he was clean when I got him.”
Lacy grimaced, shuddering at the image of her knight in shining armor devouring the hairy beast in front of her, then grabbed her bottle of wine before following Tim over to his house. When she stepped through the front door and took in the light hardwood floors, white walls, and open feel of the house, she immediately relaxed. A staircase was to her left, office to the right, while the spacious hallway led straight back to the kitchen table. A modern kitchen was completely open to the eating area with a large living room on the left. Bright red couches were complimented with black and white décor, including throw pillows, a coffee table and picture frames hanging behind the longest section of couch. She wasn’t sure what all she’d been expecting, but thanked her lucky stars there was no sign of skeletons in the closet, or worse, sitting on his couch for all to see. 
Nothing could ever be as creepy as what she endured less than a half hour ago.
“This is home,” he explained, gesturing with his hands around him. “Office, living room, kitchen…I’ll give you a tour of the upstairs another time.” A roll of her eyes met his wink. “And this is the laundry-slash-mud room.”
He led her past every room, clean as a whistle, before opening a door off the living room that looked to also connect to his garage.
Berkley’s chubby form waddled up from his bed and began sniffing her feet. She froze, remembering what was recently near his mouth.
“None of that, now.” Tim bent and retrieved the dog, placing him inside the deep sink. Berkley wined, placing both paws up on the edges before coming to the conclusion that he wasn’t getting out. With an exaggerated growl, he sat back on his butt and flashed his under bite at them. “Good dog.”
The shampoo and doggie mouth wash was just above the sink, along with a rolled up dog towel. They set to work after making sure the water was warm. 
“He’s got your eyes,” she teased, splashing a bit of water and bubble onto Tim’s forearm.
He smiled down at her, letting her enjoy her comment.
“And your breath,” he countered. 
Momentarily afraid he was somehow trying to hint to her, she stiffened, moving a few inches away.
“I’m kidding!” he laughed. “Geez! She can dish but she can’t take?”
She brushed off the moment as a joke, turning the water back on to rinse the dog. 
When every bubble was gone, Tim handed him a dog bone that was supposed to cause healthy, better breath, according to the box.
“I’ll be right back. You can start drying him off when he’s finished chewing.”
He left them alone, one chewing noisily on a dog treat, the other chewing silently on her cheek. 
Tim’s so confusing. One minute he’s mister funny-pants, and the next he’s charming the pants off her. 
The crunching noise stopped, so Lacy picked up the towel and let it uncurl to wrap the dog in.
“Let’s get you—EEEEEEE!”
With a high pitched squeal, she jumped backwards and climbed on top of his washer. A sudden flash blinded her, and confused her even more.
Three large spiders had fallen out of the towel. One had even skimmed her hand. When they didn’t move at all, anger started replacing her worry. The man was clearly enjoying himself, which only fueled her fire. That’s it. She’d had enough.
“You mother fucker!” she screamed, suddenly finding him holding back a laugh, standing in the doorway with a camera. “You think it’s funny and acceptable to scare the shit out of me and take a picture of it?!”
“Lacy—”
“No! You have no regard for anyone’s feelings! None! You’re a monster!”
“Hey, now—”
“No! I was fired today after having a migraine all day, working my ass off to finish a project that wasn’t deemed good enough, even after I spent the last month on it. Then, I come home and have to endure dinner with the Manson family, scratching myself to death to escape. Then, I try to relax with a friend and find out all he wants is someone to play pranks on all the time. Not a friend. Just someone to fuck with. Not even to actually fuck!”
Berkley watched in rapt silence as Lacy berated Tim. She reached out, ripping the camera from his fingers.
“And then you take a picture of me feeling vulnerable and attacked?!”
Click, click, click. She took several pictures of his own stunned face before handing it back to him. The tiniest of smiles lifted the left side of her face.
It took a few seconds for Tim to realize he’d been had. Sure, she might’ve been upset with him for using the big, plastic spiders, but she’d used her only defense at the time to get him back. A woman’s wrath. The look on his face was one of utter shock and horror.  The last thing he wanted to do was piss her off. He only wanted to make her laugh. And fuck? Of course he’d like to do that. But never again. He’d vowed to himself after the last time…
“Payback’s a bitch, Timothy. I suggest you learn who you’re messing with, and either accept that we can be friends without these crazy antics, or continue on in life as a forty year old prankster. The choice is yours.”
With a sexy smile splitting her face, she left him alone with his thoughts while he watched the sexy sway of her hips until she was out of sight. 
Thoughts of how amazing a woman she is. How well she can take a joke, even after warning him of her dire arachnophobia. He knew he’d been taking a risk with this prank, but couldn’t resist. The way her eyes lit up after calming back down was worth more to him than the paycheck he never keeps.
He heard his front door close after her and released his breath. 
“Damn,” he breathed, picking Berkley up after thoroughly drying him, then placing him back in his bed.
Berkley was already five years old, but Tim fell in love with him at the pound. The only one there that sat still long enough for him to pet. It was fate.
“Women, huh? Can’t live with them…hell, can’t even live next door to them.”
He turned out the light and shut the door, weaving between furniture and back into his kitchen to grab a glass of water before watching TV. 
The water in his fridge still didn’t work, so he ran a cup under the faucet and drank it half down before getting a refill.
Same thing every night. Water, bed, TV. A ritual he was starting to get tired of.  Sometimes he really missed his poker Tuesdays, basketball Thursdays, and hell, even Sunday night family dinners. Facing his friends now would just be awkward. Last he’d talked to most of them, he’d nearly had a mental breakdown, scaring all of them to the point of severing all contact.  He’d made his bed, now he’d have to lie in it.
His feet slapped against the wood while heading to lock the front door. The stairs leading to his room were a few feet before the door, closed off by two walls on either side. That’s probably why he didn’t see it coming in time.
“BOO!” Lacy yelled while flailing her arms and jumping down to land beside him, effectively scaring the shit out of him. 
Since his right hand held his water, his left formed a fist, pulling back by his head before realizing who it was.
“Fuck, Lacy! I almost decked you!”
She giggled, trying to play it light, though she’d been scared he actually would just a moment ago.  He saw the flash of worry in her eyes.
“Hmm. Sleep well,” she whispered, opening and shutting the door behind her.
This time he’d seen her leave. And this time he locked the door behind her.  With a hand to his heart, he gave a slight chuckle.
As soon as he knew she was gone, he smiled, leaning up against the door. The woman has balls, that’s for sure.
Once lying in bed, he pulled out his phone and sent her a quick text, giddy with anticipation.

Tim 8:47pm
Lock your doors. You never know when someone might break in

She texted back almost right away.

CeeCee 8:49pm
Did you change your underwear? Might want to keep a spare on you from here on out, just in case.

Tim 8:51pm
You’re playing with fire, Miss Balls

CeeCee 8:52pm
I can handle fire, just not spiders

He smiled, trying to think up his next plot while writing her back.

Tim 8:54pm
Get some sleep while you can…

CeeCee 8:57pm
I fhko

Huh? Those letters didn’t mean anything to Tim so he quickly Googled the text slang, but it came up blank.
A few moments later, he got another text.

CeeCee 8:59pm
Oops. A fuzzy hit my hand and I thought it was a spider…I just want to reiterate that you’re 35 and don’t need to prank girls that you like

Tim 9:01pm
And I’ll remind you that you’re 33 (?) and am playing right into my hands.

CeeCee 9:02pm
You wish

No, he doesn’t wish. He dreams, since that’s the only place he can’t be physically or mentally hurt by another woman again.










NINE

The next morning confused him possibly just as much as the night before had.  At least where Lacy was concerned. 
Instead of waving her off, he motioned for her to stop when she was halfway down her driveway.
“Where you off to?” Tim’s eyes assessed her styled hair and makeup while waiting for her answer.
“Work,” she replied, thrown off by his question. “Where else?”
“You said you got fired last night.”
Lacy’s brow started to straighten when remembrance took hold.  An I’m too cute to be mad at smile emerged.
“Did I? Oops. Was just trying to make you feel as bad as possible.” 
“You weren’t fired?” She shook her head, the curls framing her face bounced, reiterating her joyous grin. “Well played, Miss Lacy. Have a good day at work.”
Tim’s fingers tapped the edge of her windowsill, sending her on her way.
“Bye,” she called.
“Bye. Oh, wait. One more thing. Jalynn said she’d be stopping by sometime tonight, so plan on being useful.”
“Only as long as you plan on not being creepy,” she countered, not budging from her added demand.
The only response she received was a wolfish grin before he put in his ear buds and turned to start his jog. He left her to think of what he’d do, no doubt hoping it’d eat at her all day.   The thought made him smile. He picked up speed, running his normal route in half the time. When he got back to the house, mood still soaring, he paused in front of Lacy’s house. It only took him a minute to come up with his next idea. It was only the when that served to be tricky.
When she’d revealed her job loss to him, he’d briefly considered calling his dad to inquire about an opening. With absolutely no idea of what she actually did for a living, her professional attire and ability to handle even him, he had no doubt she’d be able to handle working for his old man. Even with the permanent stick up his butt, she’d probably have him under his thumb in less than a few month’s time. Besides the fact that he hadn’t spoken to his father in almost four years, he’d be willing to break his silent treatment to help out a friend. A friend he wasn’t willing to lose, which meant he couldn’t take their friendship to the next level. Ever.
The home phone rang as soon as he stepped out of the shower. The built in speaker system was one of the few things he’d taken with him from his old life. A life he swore never to return to. 
He hit the speaker button. His mother’s voice floated through the walls in his bathroom while he continued to towel off.
“Timmy? How are you? I haven’t heard from you in almost a month.”
A trophy wife born and bred, his mother played her part perfectly. A loving wife, loving mother, he couldn’t have asked for more while growing up in the mansion he’d called home. And if he hadn’t been subjected to the harsh truths rammed down his throat four years ago, he’d still believe that he had the perfect family.
“I’m fine, mom. How are you? Still holding your book club meetings every Monday?”
Last they’d talked, she’d nearly been dethroned in her president position by Mrs. Doyle.
“Oh yes. Everything’s fine. I merely threatened to get the old bats Golf Club membership revoked since she’s divorced now, and she’s been nothing but cooperative.”
Women, he rolled his eyes. So vindictive.
“Way to stay on top.”
“Don’t judge me. I’ve worked very hard to gain the position I have today.”
“In a book club.”
“Yes, in a book club. Your father’s only lucky I haven’t taken to binge drinking and twenty something boys after what he—Well, that’s neither here nor there. It’s done with.”
Though she played it off as a mere blip of a memory in the past, Tim and her both knew the emotional toll his father’s betrayal played on both of them.  While the indiscretion still smarts, Tim never talks about it. Refuses to, actually. And it’s put a deep strain on their family.
“I’m about to head into town, mom. Was there something you needed?”
“A favor.” Tim grimaced. He hated refusing his mother, but also hated being manipulated into situations he usually avoids. “It’s your father’s—”
“No.”
“Honey, please. Just show up on Saturday to see your sister and your grandparents. There’ll be at least a hundred people there, you might not even see your father. Please, just, think about it. For me. Don’t punish me for other people’s mistakes.”
He grunted, wrapping the towel around his waist while reaching for some face lotion.
“I’m not punishing you. I see you a few times a year, just like any other grown man would do.”
“I know. Just…think about it. Please. Grandpa’s looking forward to seeing you. He’s been calling me every day, asking about you. Even with his memory loss, you know he really does want to see you.” 
“I know. I’ll think about it. Love you, mom.”
“Love you, too.”
While ending the call with a push of a button, he cursed, leaning his hip against the counter. Bad memories were better kept buried under years of anger, he thought, trying to reign in his emotions. Just when he thought he’d come to think he could let go of the past, every damaging emotion came roaring back; humiliating, hurting and scaring him all over again.
After getting his breathing back under control, he moved from the counter and changed back into some running clothes before lacing up and taking off to run off more aggression. His other plans would have to wait until he could think clearly again.

“Brought you some lunch!”
Tara held up a bag of tacos from the truck down the street to get Lacy’s attention. She glanced up from her computer for a moment before offering a small smile of thanks, returning her mind to the task at hand.
“Almost done. Come in.”
A few more strokes over the keyboard before she hit enter and breathed a sigh of relief.
“Done?”
“Edited the proposal to add in the extra month for the new pavement, and the ten thousand dollar add on for every extra week after deadline. Nothing should hold back the signing now.”
“Good. Eat.”
They dug in, inhaling three tacos each. Lacy doused hers with hot sauce before every bite. 
“Don’t you like to taste your food?” Tara asked, wrinkling her nose at the hot sauce.
“It tastes better when it’s spicy.”
“Better? I could barely breathe when you made me try it before. It didn’t taste like anything but fire.”
Lacy rolled her eyes before taking a huge dramatic bite dripping with hot sauce. 
“Mmmm. Delicious.”
Tara finished off her last bite while wiping her hands off with a few napkins. Lacy was still in the middle of her bite when Mr. Knox came by.
“Is everything ready for this afternoon?” he asked, obviously wondering why in the world she’d take a break to eat when the contract was due on his desk at one for final inspection.
Crap!
She chewed and chewed, trying to get the contents in her mouth small enough to swallow. 
“She finished just before we started eating. She’ll print it now and I can bring it to you early, if you’d like,” Tara added, batting her lashes and playing her part as good assistant. 
Mr. Knox eyed Lacy with an odd look before nodding.
“That’s fine. Finish your lunch and bring it in when you can.”
Lacy nodded again, trying to smile at him, but he was gone the moment her food finally went down her throat.
“Ugh. Remind me not to take big bites in the office.”
Tara giggled.
“It’s fine. It’s not like he’s your future husband or anything.”
Eww. He’s probably pushing sixty and married. Definitely not Lacy’s type. 
“Definitely not my future anything, except boss, hopefully. If he doesn’t like what I’ve done, I’ll be on the chopping block for sure.”
Tara tsk’d, standing to remove the garbage from lunch.
“You’re the best he’s got. The only reason you had to retype up the proposal was because the client added things on at the last minute.”
“Ugh, whatever. Just bring him the proposal and then leave for the day. I sent it to your desk printer.”
“Leave for the day? I’m not being fired, am I?” 
Tara’s eyes bugged out of her head.
Lacy laughed.
“No. Not that I’m aware of. Although if they have no use for me, I can’t guarantee you a job here.” She smiled. “Go have fun with Mac. I’ve been watching you text him all day. Does he have the day off?”
“He does. Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
“Thanks boss!”
Tara’s blue wavy dress twirled as she turned back toward her desk. She gripped the proposal in her hands, reading the ten pages quickly before giving Lacy a thumbs up through the glass barrier.
Lacy watched as she sashayed down toward the end of the hall to Mr. Knox’s office and set it on his desk while he wrapped up a phone call. She watched him, sweating, on the edge of her seat as he read over it. His spectacles perched on the end of his nose while he nodded and shook his head at other parts.
On the last page, his eyes came up and caught her staring. She quickly looked away, pretending to be busy with a paperclip her fingers found near the edge of her desktop calendar. A second later, her office phone rang. 
“Lacy Hamilton,” she answered, knowing full well it was her boss on the other end.
“Good work, Lacy. I like that you added in the extra ten grand, for expenses.”
She swallowed, keeping her voice level professional.
“It seemed only fair since they’ve made changes every week this month. If anything, that should cover extra labor costs if needed.”
“Or your bonus. If we pick up this contract, I’ll give you the bonus.”
Lacy’s breath caught in her throat. That’s a gigantic bonus, if he was being serious. 
“Oh, sir, that’s not necessary, but it’s a welcomed idea.”
He laughed through the phone, calming her a bit. Has he ever laughed before? She couldn’t remember a single time that he’d made that deep throaty noise. It sounded too foreign.
“They’ll be here in an hour. I’ll let you know how it goes.”
“Thank you, sir.”
They hung up. 
Lacy found it difficult to focus on other contracts with the impending bonus looming within her reach. A bonus like that and she could take the trip to Mexico her and Tara have been wanting to take. Or to Paris even. Paris! That vacation had only been in her ‘wildest dreams’ pile, until now. With a lump of ten grand thrown at her and a month’s worth of vacation saved up, it seemed all too possible.
When the clients walked in a little before two, her heart rate began to speed again. She glanced out for Tara’s support, only to remember she’d sent her home. She was alone. She’d have to wait it out alone. Or did she?
Her purple phone was buried in her purse. It took a full minute to find and extract it from the deep abyss. When she did, she smiled at the text awaiting her.

Tim The Pest 1:36pm
Hurry! Jalynn just pulled in!

A glance at the time told her he’d sent it five minutes ago.

Lacy 1:41pm
Lock the door and pretend you’re not home!

Tim The Pest 1:46pm
She came in through the garage!

Lacy 1:48pm
Is she a ninja? You were expecting her and she still got the drop on you?

Lacy laughed, picturing his giant form cowering from the petite woman. 

Tim The Pest 1:50pm
Very ninja like. She caught me mowing the lawn. Nothing I could do about it. I mowed your front lawn…as a favor

Lacy 1:52pm
Nothing? That’s hard to believe. A strong, capable man like yourself usually has plenty of tricks up his sleeve. And thanks, but it wasn’t a favor. It was a gift. I don’t owe you anything. 

In between texts, Lacy went through her old emails, deleting and saving everything in her ‘over 180 days’ folder.  She glanced at the clock. A half hour had gone by. The meeting was still in full swing in the conference room, but at least she should know the outcome within the hour. Hopefully.

Tim The Pest 1:54pm
Flattery will get you nowhere, Miss Balls. I’m very hard to seduce.

Lacy 1:57pm
Seduce? I’d no sooner try to seduce a man incapable of having a mature relationship, than you would try to have a relationship with an annoying woman with baggage. I think our friendship is secure.

Lacy’d thought about it long and hard, coming to the conclusion that he was actually a fun guy to hang out with, a good kisser, cute, but she would never date someone who still thought pranks were awesome. Though she didn’t mind retaliating and having a good time with her neighbor, she knew it’d be disastrous if they ever tried to have a relationship. If things went south – or the inevitable when – there’s no way she’d be able to live next door to the man, and there’s no way she’s selling her new home over some jerk.

Tim The Pest 2:00pm
If you say so. Jalynn invited herself to stay for dinner. Please hurry. If we pretend to have sex in front of her, she’ll more than likely leave.

Lacy snorted out loud.

Lacy 2:04pm
Pretend to? How is that going to happen? And more than likely? I’m not sure I like those odds.

“Lacy—”
“Shit!” she jumped, clutching her chest and dropping her phone back to her desk. “Sorry, Mr. Knox. You scared me.”
“Sorry, but we need you in the meeting. They have some last minute changes they’d like to make before signing.”
“Of course.”
She stood, grabbing a pad of paper and a pen to take note of the changes, then followed her boss to the conference room, taking the seat next to him before smiling pleasantly at their clients, stretching over the dark wood table to shake each of their hands in turn.
“This is Lacy Hamilton. She’ll make the appropriate changes that we agree upon. This is Leonard Hughes, Justin Ferr, Melanie Smith, and Barry Wolt.”
Lacy’s hand instinctively recoiled from the last man in line as her gaze immediately sought out his. The man, impeccably dressed like his associates, held his hand out with a brow raised in challenge. The familiar mickey mouse hair line, thick crooked nose and deep inset brown eyes were like a punch to her gut.
Calling on her inner goddess, she took a deep breath and shook his hand, trying her best to remain as professional as possible while staring at the man who’d wreaked havoc on her life since she was six years old.
 She withdrew her hand at the earliest moment possible, wiping away his germs on the side of her coral skirt before picking up her pen and avoiding eye contact with anyone but her boss.
“We’ve got the construction team on standby, awaiting the contract. We can start as early as tomorrow after getting all the permits, and it shouldn’t take longer than nine months.”
When the discussion of the demolition was in full swing again, she took avid notes and counted the seconds before she could escape hell. The sweat and nervous ticks weren’t helping much. Her harsh breathing couldn’t be masked, so she settled for breathing deeply through her nose to stifle the noise. 
You’re a big girl, you can handle this!
“If we can add the two water features with the landscaping company, then you’ve got yourself a deal.”
Add! Another add! Since the idea came from Barry, she couldn’t help but be spiteful.
“That shouldn’t be a problem.” Mr. Knox looked back over his notes while the rest of the room murmured anxiously. 
“And of course we’ll want the inspections done weekly, to keep progress moving.”
Yes, Barry. Of course, Barry. It’s not like we don’t know what we’re doing, Barry! The look on her face must’ve given away her inner ranting, because he looked her way in a confusing manner. She quickly looked away, not wanting to screw up the deal.
This wasn’t a huge contract by any means, but it was new business. New business always had the potential for returning clients, which meant new contracts. 
“Everything looks good,” Mr. Knox nodded, dropping his pen and removing his glasses. 
“And how about adding…” 
Lacy stopped listening, cursing the vile man out in her head. 
She kept her head down, pen drawing stars on the outside of her notes while silence loomed. It wasn’t until Mr. Knox cleared his throat that she looked up and followed the direction of his head bob. She had no choice but to look at the man who’d spoken. And she didn’t like it. Not one bit.
“What do you think?” he repeated, throwing a charming smile her way. 
She almost threw up when he tossed her a wink. Is he flirting with me?
“I think it’ll take me twenty minutes to get the proposal corrected, with Mr. Knox’s approval, that is.”
Her voice remained light, but her eyes shot hatred at the man who’d walked out on her and her mother.
“What do you think about the club going in? It’d give pretty, young girls like you a place to hang out that’s not downtown.”
Pretty, young girls? 
“I’m sure it’ll be a fine addition to the already excitedly anticipated hotel.”
Stay professional, stay professional.
“Do you like dancing?”
His eyes lit up.
Sick, perverted, nasty, creepy, asshole!!
That’s it! She couldn’t stand it anymore. Not only does the man clearly have money, which her and her mother could’ve used back in the day, but he has no idea who he’s attempting to flirt with.
“Y-you don’t know who I am, do you?” she whispered, mortified. 
He leaned over the table as all eyes fixed on them.
“No, should I?”
Lacy bolted upright, throwing her chair back with her calves while fisting both hands down at her sides.
With a sorrowful look to her boss, she whispered, “I’m so sorry about this,” before turning to the man who’d once slept with her mother. “You’re the most disgusting, vile creature on this planet. Hitting on me, really? You really are something, aren’t you? A decent man? Hell no. But—”
“Lacy!” Mr. Knox now stood at her side, seething mad. “What do you think you’re doing?!”
Lacy barely stopped herself from throwing back her head on a bitter laugh as she slowly made her way to the door.
“I know that I’m fired, but honestly, this man is a horrible human being.” Barry walked around to the door, eyeing her like she was mental. “Don’t take another step toward me, dad!” The sneer was harshly whispered, causing a few of the bystanders to take in a shocked breath. “You left the morning of my sixth birthday party to get me a present. Do you remember that? You left and said you’d be right back.”
His brow uncreased, recognition now clear as day.
“Lace.”
“Don’t. Don’t you dare. I was told you were dead. And then I saw you at the grocery store. I knew it was you. How could I not? I saw you with your other family. Your children. The ones that you actually love. Can you imagine how that made me feel? For over twenty years I thought of my father in a loving way that he never deserved. You left us! You left me!”
“Lace, please, calm down.” The cocky attitude disappeared, now revealing his grown up fatherly side. “I wanted to see you, but your mother—”
“Stop, just stop!” A few silent tears fell down her cheeks as she reached for the door handle. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Knox. I’ll come in tomorrow after everyone’s left and grab my things.”
“Lace!”
Lacy shut the door behind her, cutting him off. Without giving him time to come after her, she ran to her office, grabbed her purse, phone and keys, then ran toward the staircase just as he called her name once more. She didn’t stop. Didn’t turn to face him. Just bolted through the stairwell door and sprinted down the eight flights of stairs as quickly as she could in her heels.
By the time she burst through on the main floor, she’d ripped off her shoes and carried them while running to her car. It seemed to take her forever to get home. The tears in her eyes made it nearly impossible to see while driving, so she’d settled for taking almost all the back roads, pulling into her driveway twenty minutes later.  She put it in park after opening her garage door, stopping the car three quarters of the way up the driveway. 
A quick glance over showed Tim and Jalynn standing on his front lawn, deep in conversation. False smile in place, she waved and got out of her car, hesitating with the door open while grabbing her phone.
She sent a quick text to Tara, explaining what had happened at work, then shut off her ringer the second it started ringing as she strutted across the lawn to save her friend as promised.
The look on her face must’ve been horrific. Tim’s eyes narrowed in worry as she tried her hardest to hold back the tears.
“Are you alright?” he asked, ignoring Jalynn completely, stepping around her to reach Lacy.
Lacy was beyond able to speak without bursting into tears, so settled for clamping her lips tightly shut while trying to keep her chin from trembling. Jalynn turned sideways to watch the interaction with a small smile on her face. 
When all she could do was offer up a trembling smile in greeting, she closed her eyes to try and gain control of her emotions.
Pull it together!
Eyes now open, she could see tears pooling in Jalynn’s. Sympathetic tears? That only made her tears swell up more. 
“Lacy?” Tim prompted, hand reaching for her elbow.
Some help you are! she chastised herself.
“I-I-I’m f-f—”
Fuck it. Talking wouldn’t help either of their cases, so she made the snap decision to make it impossible to talk.
Chucking her purse to the ground, eyes glued to Tim’s, she stepped into his form and gripped his shirt collar, gently tugging him down and standing on her tip-toes.
When their lips met, she forgot about her anger and hurt. She forgot about being jobless, and no doubt soon enough, homeless.
He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her into him until her breasts pressed up against his shirt, nipples puckering as soon as their mouths parted and their tongues playfully tasted one another.
Their lips collided, parted and inhaled one another. She’d never tasted anything so wonderful. Of course, she was incredibly high on adrenaline right now, so that might be the cause.
Lacy pulled back to catch her breath, leaning her forehead against his chest to let her tears fall. He continued to hold her, wrapping both arms across her shoulders and kissing the top of her head.
“This looks like an intimate moment. I’m gonna go.”
Lacy stifled a hysterical giggle while trying to pull herself together.
“I’m sorry. I suck at helping. It’s just been a…” She had no idea how to finish that sentence without crying again, so she didn’t.
Tim turned to offer an apology, but Jalynn stopped him.
“No, no. You two go on. I’ll see you Saturday, Tim.”
Jalynn left, leaving them standing on their front lawn in a tight embrace. Lacy didn’t mind it one bit, but didn’t want to be on display when her emotions hit again.
She lifted her head to apologize, but something in her gaze must’ve revealed what a mess she was, because his look became softer as he bent and retrieved her purse before walking her toward her house. Just the simple gesture of him grabbing her purse made her come unglued, wailing before they even made it inside her house.










TEN

Tim panicked when he opened the fridge and couldn’t find any wine.
“Please, Tim!” Lacy called from the couch. Her tone made his search through her cupboards go even faster. “I need angry sex or alcohol, and we both know sex isn’t a good idea, so…”
Tim cursed, running an anxious hand through his hair before, “I’ll be right back. Don’t move.”
He ran out of her house and quickly retrieved a bottle of Gentleman Jack and Patron from his freezer, before rushing back to help aid his friend. A friend hell bent on torturing him. Even crying, mascara running down her face, she was still attractive. And even offering angry sex…he almost came unglued. Sex is a bad idea. He knows that. She knows that. 
He had half a mind to place the alcohol within arm’s reach, then leave, but she looked like she needed a friend and that’s exactly what he is. A friend. 
“Here you go…” he trailed off. She was no longer sitting on the couch. He called her name, but didn’t receive a response. He looked through all the rooms, but didn’t find her. About to go into panic mode, he ran back to the living room and called her name once more. It was there that he noticed the back slider door was ajar.
Every muscle in his body relaxed the second he spotted her on the lounge chair beneath the gigantic comforter wrapped around her. He actually couldn’t see her, but a form shaking beneath the fluffy black and gold blanket.
“Lacy?” The trembling form became still for a few seconds before the blanket parted and her shocked face peeked out. “You alright?”
She gasped.
“I forgot you were here. Did I strip in front of you?”
He couldn’t help but smile. She looked so innocent and young all bundled up. 
“Nope. I left to get the alcohol.” He held up the bottles as a peace offering, willing her to come out from beneath the blankets. When she simply reached out her hand, he shook his head. There’s no way he’d let her take and consume the entire bottle while in a depressed stupor out here. “We need to share it.”
On a shaky breath, she sucked in her bottom lip and looked at him like he’d just taken away Christmas or something.
“Ok,” she whispered, then threw open the comforter and invited him to join her. 
The chair was wide enough for them to both lie on their backs comfortably, so he agreed, stepping out of his shoes before carefully taking his seat beside her, cautious enough to not rip the blanket off her. She lay on her side, facing him, curled up in a ball with only a plain white tank and small pink night shorts. She’d removed most of her eye makeup and had a box of tissues pressed up against her stomach.
As soon as he got settled, he turned on his side to face her, then held his breath when she eyed him like a piece of chocolate. He left the blanket open at the top so they could see the sunny sky and keep it light enough for him to see her clearly. He didn’t trust himself to be alone in the dark in a compromising position with her. His body wanted to do things with her that just wouldn’t be right. Not for them.
He handed over the bottle of patron first, watching her as she ripped off the top and began chugging. After five seconds, he urged her to stop, putting the cap back on as she licked the liquid from her lips.
“You’re not going to have any?” she asked, a childlike look of wonder in her eyes.
“Sure.” He unscrewed the cap and took a good pull before putting it back on, wincing at the taste running down his throat. “Tell me what happened,” he urged, holding the bottle tightly in his hands.
Her face scrunched up again before burying her face in her hands. 
She looked like a total wreck. He pictured himself looking this way the day he’d woken up in the hotel and remembered everything.  The betrayal and fear in her eyes were evident, but what had caused them?
“M-my dad.”
He wrapped his arms around her, offering a comfort in the only way he knew how.
“Your dad? Did something happen to him?”
Her body began to shake again. He held her for what seemed like an hour before her gentle breathing revealed she’d fallen asleep.
Good, he thought. She deserves a little peace right now.
With her face squished up against his chest, every breath she took blew up into his face. He should’ve moved, but even her sharp, alcohol tainted breath seemed to be turning him on. There’s no way a sobbing mess should look attractive to him, but she did, and he found he couldn’t look away from her. Was there no one she could call to comfort her? Is he really all she has? Surely a beautiful woman such as herself could’ve called up a friend to help in her time of need.
The sound of the slider door opening seemed both a blessing and a curse. Of course she’d have other friends to call for comfort, and she had, and here they are. And now he’ll be useless and have to let her go. He didn’t want to let her go, though. He liked holding her while she slept.
“Mac! I found her! She’s in her bubble!” Tara’s harsh whisper of relief was muffled with the sounds of plastic bags. “No, stay where you are. I’ll call you when I leave. K, bye.”
She hung up, then sat the bags down on the counter, tip toeing back toward them, he realized a second before her hand fumbled for the entrance at the top.
“Lacy, honey, I’m here. I brought chocolate and skittles and—Oh!”
She snatched her hand back when not one, but two forms came into view. 
“Hi,” Tim whispered, a small smile on his face. He removed one hand from Lacy’s back and peeled back the blanket so Tara could clearly see his face. “Shh.”
Lacy whimpered in her sleep, burrowing further into his chest until he put his hand back around her waist. It’s a good thing the blanket and her stomach were covering his ready to explode erection, or Tara would’ve been in for quite a shock.
“You…you’re in her bubble?” He nodded, confused. “No one’s allowed in her bubble. I’ve only been allowed in once.” 
This seemed to both tick off and please Tara at the same time.
“She needed booze and I provided.”
Tara nodded, sweeping a lock of Lacy’s hair off her face before smiling. 
“I’m glad you’re here. She’s had it rough for awhile now, and now that her dad showed back up, I’m not sure how well she’ll be coping when she wakes up.”
“Showed back up? Where was he?”
Tara frowned, sliding a glance his way. 
“I’ll let her tell you the details, but let’s just say it would’ve been better for everyone if he would’ve stayed dead.”
That made no sense, but he nodded, eyeing the bag of groceries.
“What’d you bring? She chugged some vodka, so food would be good when she wakes up.”
“Her favorite. Chocolate and skittles for when she wakes up, then corn dogs and mustard for when she gets up. I’ll put the corndogs and mustard in the kitchen, but keep these in there for you two. She’ll be ravenous when she wakes up.”
Tim took the bag and carefully set it down behind her legs, careful to make sure it was in the shaded area with the blanket covering so the chocolate didn’t melt.
“How long’s she been out?”
“Almost two hours.”
“Good. She should be up in twenty or so.”
“You’re leaving?” he guessed, both happy and surprisingly upset about it. 
“I am, but only because you’re here.”
“I’m nobody. She barely knows me. Don’t you think we should switch places?”
She smiled at his tone, shaking her head.
“Nope. You’re right where she needs you.”
“We’re just friends,” he blurted when her smile turned ecstatic.
“I know. She says the same thing.” Her smile disappeared before narrowing her eyes at him. “Hurt her, and I’ll annihilate you. If you really don’t find her attractive or someone you can see yourself with, stop messing with her. Right now she still thinks your fun and games are harmless, but she’ll start getting attached soon, whether she wants to or not. So, please, be gentle.”
Tim had no idea what to say to that, so he nodded, then watched her slip back through the slider door, shutting it behind her. A few minutes later and her head poked back out. 
“I pulled in her car and shut the garage. It’ll be dark in a couple hours, so I’ll let myself out the front door. Make sure it’s locked before you leave her tonight. And please, tell her to call me when she gets the chance.”
“I will. Thanks.”

Tim must’ve dozed off for a bit because when he next opened his eyes, the sun was starting to set. Lacy was still snuggled up against him, his erection pressing into her stomach. He moved back, arching his butt so he wasn’t touching her and his erection could go away. The instant he moved away from her she became restless, moaning, pulling him back toward her, rotating her hips while her hands turned to fists, gripping his shirt.
Holy shit!
Her moans became deeper, throatier, while his erection became harder. It was impossible not to want the woman attacking him in her sleep. She humped him, rolling her hips. Only the thin barrier of her small shorts, and his, stopped them from joining their bodies together. His hands moved down to her butt, gripping it, trying to still her movements. Ok, and he wanted to feel the tightness of her skin.
“Lacy,” he whispered, holding back a moan of his own. “CeeCee.”
She stilled, taking in a huge breath.
“Oh,” she breathed. He watched her lashes flutter before they flew open, remembering where she was. “Oh, shitty, shit! I’m sorry!”
She backed away from him, putting a good six inches in between them before the feel of the plastic bag hit her legs. She reached back and moved it in between them, looking up at him through her thick, tear stained lashes.
“It’s ok. Are you alright? Don’t be scared. Do you remember where you are?”
Her eyes darted around, body still tense, until it donned on her.
“My house… Barry showed up at work…Crying.”
“Who’s Barry?” he asked, rummaging through the grocery bag before pulling out a Carmelo and handing it to her. “I can go, if you don’t want me here,” he suggested, remembering Tara’s words about no one being allowed inside Lacy’s ‘bubble’.
“No, stay, please. Unless you have plans.”
“No plans. Well, not anymore. I was gonna start on my next prank, but I think it can wait for now.”
She smiled, shoving the chocolate in her mouth while breathing deeply. Content.
“Thank you for holding off for tonight. I couldn’t handle it anyways.”
“You’re very welcome.”
She swallowed her chocolate, then picked up the next piece, holding it up for him to take. Their hands collided, heat instantly swirling inside both of their bodies while she avoided eye contact. Her gaze stayed glued to the piece of chocolate he slipped into his mouth. 
“Barry’s the man who slept with my mother for seven years, before leaving us behind.”
Tim nearly choked on the chocolate in his mouth, not expecting to hear those words. He nodded, urging her to go on.
“It was on my sixth birthday that he decided to leave us. I remember waking up early, getting the paper from the front porch for him before he came out and had his coffee. Then he kissed me on the head and told me he had one last present he had to run and get me before the party that night. He told me he loved me, and that he’d be right back.”
She shuddered. He handed her the liquid courage, which she took and swallowed down like a pro before continuing. 
“That was the last time I saw him until a couple of years ago. My mom was a wreck. I was told he died. We even held a funeral for him in our backyard. My mom’s sister and her two boys came over to mourn with us. I thought he’d died some awesome man. I’d idolized him forever…until I saw him standing in the middle of the supermarket clutching the hands of the two children he actually loved. I completely lost it. Broke out in hives, crying, trying to find my way out of the store. That’s when I ran into Roger. He thought I was freaking out over him, and left as quickly as he could. But I didn’t care about Roger. I cared that I’d been lied to for twenty some years about my dad, and that he hadn’t died, but he’d started a new family.
“As soon as I got in my car I called mom, telling her everything I’d seen. She started crying as well, telling me that she lied to me at the time, that it was for the best. That she never wanted me to be hurt by him. To feel the hurt that she’s felt ever since the day she found out about his little mistress, which just happened to be the day of my birthday party.”
She paused again to drain more from the bottle, offering it to him when he did nothing but stare at her. He took a healthy chug before urging more chocolate and skittles on her.
“So I was mad at my mom, of course, for the lie, but I couldn’t be mad at her. She didn’t deserve that. Not after what we’d been through.  Barry’s the one that deserves my anger, not my mom. I watched him leave the store with one kid on his shoulders and the other, a sullen looking teenager, holding his hand. He was trying with them. Why couldn’t he have tried with me? It was all just too much to handle. My life was falling to shambles. First Roger leaves me, then I find out my dad’s been alive this entire time. It was sickening. So I did what any one would’ve done; poured myself into work, climbing the structural ladder until I had the job that I do today. Well, until today.
Another deep breath, chug, chocolate. Tim silently copied her, waiting to hear what happened. 
“I’ve been working on this contract for a couple months now, changing it at every turn when the clients called in and said there needed to be changes, and today, they came in to sign it. Well, while I was texting you, my boss came in and said I needed to sit in on the meeting for the last minute changes. So I did. And when I got into the meeting, none other than Barry Wolt himself was there. He introduced himself, like I didn’t know who he was, then he pissed me off until I couldn’t help but call him out. I wanted to punch him, throw up all over, then do it again. It made my stomach curl. He had no idea who I was.”
Long chug, chocolate, hiccup, smile.
“Did you tell him who you were?” he asked, already hating the man and thinking ill of the boss that let that happen.
“Yes. He was truly surprised. Tried to chase after me.” She took a deep breath, skipping the drink this time. “Didn’t catch me though. But I do have to go back tomorrow and clean out my desk.”
“Your boss fired you?”
“Yes. No. Well, I knew he’d fire me, so I just kind of volunteered. It was completely unprofessional of me. I would’ve fired me too.” Tim thought everything over for a minute before turning to lay on his back. “Sit up for a second.”
He did, watching her as she dug her fingers through the blanket to curl around the chair beneath them, then pulled it up, shaking loose the metal bar to hold it upright. After making sure it’d stay, they both leaned back staring up at the darkening sky through the hole above Tim’s head.
“Where do you work?”
“Probably never heard of it, but Knox Inc..” 
Tim lifted a confused brow while staring at her.
“Knox Inc.?”
She sighed. 
“Yeah. I make the contracts for new developments. We make a profit off hiring out all the labor for our clients. It’s kind of complicated.”
He nodded, having no problem losing his erection now. Talk of work usually did that to a person.
“And your boss is Mr. Knox?”
“Was, yes.”
“And you’re going to clear out your desk tomorrow?”
“Yep.”
A few minutes of silence lapsed while they both stared up at the sky. Tim was seriously doubting his state of mind when he started mulling over his idea in his head. He had to be crazy. Or stupid. Or maybe…he was finally ready to come to terms and deal with his past. It seemed like a good idea in the moment.  It seemed plausible.
“How about I make you a deal?”
Lacy turned on her side to face him, eyes wide with curiosity.
“I’ll agree to talk to my dad, for the first time in over four years, if you go talk to your boss tomorrow about what happened today. You might still have a job.” He shrugged, trying to play it light, but he knew the sparkle in her eye was about to become a million questions. 
He silenced a groan, waiting for the worst.











ELEVEN

Trying desperately to ignore the sympathetic pain in her gut, Lacy sat up further, watching Tim’s face.
After waking up humping him, it was all she could do to shrink further away from him, while hoping he didn’t leaving her. 
“Why haven’t you talked to your dad in four years?” she breathed.
Up until now, he’s never opened up about himself. He always changes the subject on her. Now’s her chance to get her info.
“It’s uh…not a pretty story.”
She watched his throat work while he swallowed nervously.
“You don’t have to tell me, but I’d like to know.”
Curling up on her side, she waited patiently.
It took him a few minutes to find his voice.
“It all started with Nicole. My wife.” Lacy gasped, then threw a hand over her mouth so he’d continue, while inwardly freaking out to his admission of having a wife. “My ex-wife. We were married for three years, happy as can be. I worked for my dad, bringing in half a million a year. She stayed at home, made my meals, did the laundry and organized dinner parties with my mom. It’s what she wanted. It’s what I was happy with. We’d just started talking about having kids when the accident happened. I was in a car wreck. A bad one. Doctor’s didn’t know if I’d ever walk again. That’s when she started to change.
“She didn’t want me to be home, but I had no choice. Between physical therapy and the gym, I was home most of the day. She didn’t like it, even though I was still bringing in all the money for our bills. Six months after the accident, I still wasn’t walking. Between the rage I felt toward my wife for not being supportive, and the rage I felt at myself for not being strong enough to get better, I hated life. I did everything I could to please her. Everything. Between showering her with gifts, hiding in my in-home office, or just staying in bed, it only angered her more. Nothing worked. So I decided to do a stay-in physical therapy treatment for two weeks. It was brutal, but it helped. And it gave Nicole the space that she needed. She’d call me every night and tell me how much she loved and missed me, which spurred me on. I was walking by the end of my first week there. With a cane, but walking.
“I decided to surprise her by coming home early, walking. I had a friend drop me off at home, then snuck in through our side door. It was there, in the kitchen, where I found her wrapped around another man, sucking his face. To his credit, and now that I’ve had years of that picture floating through my head, he did try to push her away before he saw me, but I had no idea how long they’d been at it in the first place. It was my dad.”
“No!” What an asshole! And such a conniving bitch! “Your wife and your dad?”
He nodded, not sparing her a glance, afraid he’d chicken out and not continue.
“So he pushed her away and noticed me standing there. That’s when she went ballistic. She screamed, threw things at me, threw things at my dad. It was somehow my fault that she’d been forced into the arms of another man. My fault that she’d been caught wrapped around my dad.  I packed my bags while she continued to cry and apologize. At the time, all I saw was red. Two people that I loved most in this world had ripped my heart in half. It took me a long time to come out of hiding once I got her out of my life. 
“I put our beloved home up for sale the next day and told her she had two weeks to move out. That’s when she threw it in my face that I hadn’t made her sign a prenup and she wasn’t going anywhere without her money. So I put her up in a condo, sold the house, wrote her a check for two million dollars, and she still took me to court for more money. She lost of course, but it pissed me off that I’d married someone so vindictive and hadn’t even known it. We were so in love. She told me she’d love me forever…but that was obviously a lie.
“My dad tried over and over to apologize and convince me he’d only gone over there since she’d called and asked him to, then he’d thrown her off him the second he realized what she was trying to do.  Either way, I know what I saw. I don’t think I’ll ever get over the betrayal.”
Lacy continued to stare at him, full of shock, anger and hurt, just the same as him. She wanted to comfort him, but didn’t know how. With the alcohol buzzing through her veins, she started getting emotional again.  And then the shock of his words really sank in.
“You’d go talk to your dad, who you haven’t spoken with in years, if I go talk to my boss tomorrow?”
He nodded, finally meeting her gaze.
“It’s about time I see him. And it would make my mom happy.”
“Your mom? Are they divorced?”
“Still married. He’s adamant that the blame all falls on Nicole, and I truly believe he thinks that.”
“And your mom?”
“She was hurt obviously, but has forgiven him.”
It was silent for a stretch before her stomach growled long and hard.
She giggled, reaching for the booze again. He let her take another sip before jerking the bottle away.
“I’ll be right back, unless you’re ready to come out of your bubble?”
She shook her head, frown replacing her smile.
He climbed out, leaving her with her thoughts and half a bag of skittles. 
Tim just opened up and shared something more personal with her than she’d ever dreamed of. True, she’d opened up first, but he’d finally come out of his shell.  It brought their friendship to a whole new level.
He was back a minute later carrying a plate full of microwaved corndogs with ketchup and mustard on the side to share.
“Did you bring the mustard bottle out?” she asked, smiling when he removed it from his short pocket and handed it to her. “When was Tara here?”
“A little after you passed out.” He watched as she applied a glob of mustard to the end of her dog before taking a small bite. She did the same over and over. Mustard freak, he thought, smiling around a bite of his own.
“She didn’t want to stay?”
He shook his head.
“She seemed freaked out at first, especially once she saw me in here with you, but then she left to be with Mac. Said you’d be ok for the night.”
“Sounds like her.”
They ate in silence until each corndog was consumed. Lacy’s stomach didn’t growl anymore, instead it threatened to peak out from beneath her top.
“Ugh. So full.”
“Probably since you ate the entire bottle of mustard.”
She giggled, smiling as he removed the blanket from their heads again and placed the plate on the deck. It was now almost completely dark outside. Lacy took a giant whiff of the cool night air before tugging the blanket up and over her shoulder. She wasn’t quite ready to face the world yet, but was getting there. 
“Can I have another drink now?”
He tried not to laugh.
“I think you’ve had enough.”
“I’ll play you for it.”
He turned his head to face her, confused.
“Play me for it?”
“Yeah. It’ll let us get to know one another better, while we get drunk. Unless you’re a pansy,” she added, trying to goad him.
“Pansy? No. Afraid you’ll get hammered? Yes.”
“I won’t get hammered! It’ll just help me get to sleep better tonight.”
“No.”
She pouted, then smiled victoriously. 
“I’ll go talk to Mr. Knox tomorrow and go with you for encouragement with your dad, if you play now.”
Tim rolled his eyes, but grabbed up the bottle. Why he was so anxious for her to keep the job was beyond her, but she didn’t care at the moment.
“Deal. So how do we play?”
“Just say something personal about yourself. Then drink and pass the bottle.”
He laughed, sitting up straighter and pulling the blanket back until it just covered his legs.
“I’ll go first. I’m thirty five.” 
He started to take a drink before she made a loud rude noise.
“Ehh! I already know that. Try again.” The annoying buzzing noise she made, made him smile.
“Ok, fine. I have one ear that’s taller than the other.”
She giggled again, rolling over to look at him straight on, lifting her fingers to touch his ears and see if he was telling the truth.
“It is bigger. Ok, drink.”
Tim took a small chug, then passed the bottle to her.
“I lost my virginity on my eighteenth birthday in the back of my cousins yellow beetle.”
“Not to your cousin, I hope.”
She laughed, passing the bottle after swallowing her chug.
“Not to my cousin.”
“I lost my virginity when I was sixteen to my math tutor. She was a senior. That made me a badass.”
He smiled, and she smiled with him, taking the bottle as he passed it.
“In the seventh grade, I told Mrs. Poulty that Greg Harmon stole my pencil, so she made him give me one…but when I got home, I found it on my desk. He got in trouble and everything. I feel bad to this day.”
Drink. Pass.
“Poor kid. My sophomore year I snuck out to go to a party with some friends. And when I say snuck out, I mean walked out the front door after my parents fell asleep. A friend of mine stole his dads corvette, and on our way home, we got in a wreck. A buddy of ours was following us, so we quickly wiped everything down, grabbed the rest of our beer, and left it there. The next morning his dad was furious, but since Billy wasn’t hung over, he believed that someone stole the car. It’s a good thing he believed it was stolen, cause when they found it wrecked, his dad nearly went insane with rage.” She laughed. “I’ve never told anyone that story. If Billy’s dad found out today, he’d probably hang his son.”
“Nice. When I was a junior, a group of girls and I went to see the Blair Witch Project. Couldn’t sleep with the lights off for almost a month.”
“You don’t like scary stories?”
“Scary, yes, kind of, sometimes. Not horror though. What about you?”
“I like all kinds, even horror.”
They passed the bottle a couple of times, unknowingly snuggling closer as the crickets started to come out.
“I’ve got a scar on my right ankle from falling off the bleachers at my Freshman homecoming dance. A loose screw chipped off the bone.”
She kicked off the blankets and brought her leg up for him to see the faint lining of the scar. His finger, light as a feather, traced the line before smiling over at her.
“Nail through the leg while building my home.” 
Tim lifted his leg and pulled up his shorts, pointing to a circular white scar a few inches above his knee cap.
Lacy smiled wide, running her finger over the circle before looking up at him with a devious smile.
“I got this scar—” She ran her hand up her shirt and pulled it down, revealing the small incision scar made near her armpit. “—Ten years ago. As a birthday present to myself.” 
He sucked in a breath, automatically reaching out to trace the line. Both of their breaths became ragged as soon as his finger touched her skin. They locked eyes as his finger moved from side to side. She swallowed, cautiously moving over him until she straddled his lap. 
You can do this, she told herself, body tingling with hormones while offering what she hoped to be a look of seduction.

Tim’s heart started working overtime as Lacy’s luscious curves moved over his body, not stopping until she straddled his crotch. His erection already poked up, ready to play.  The dreamy look in her eye as she surveyed him was enough to undue him.
“Is this ok?” she asked.
Unable to speak, he nodded, eyes still on hers.
Lacy stared down at him for a few seconds before trailing her fingers over his collar bone, then down his chest while opening two buttons, lightly twisting his chest hair in the most erotic way possible. It’s like his hair follicles were linked to his groin, surging stimulation through his entire body as she perused him.
He caught her hands, stilling her, before rolling over on a growl, trapping her beneath him. As soon as she was where he wanted her, he tugged the blanket up and over their bodies, leaving a tiny sliver of opening for fresh air. 
Tim ducked his head, closing his mouth over hers, nearly coming undone at the erotic mustard, vodka mixed taste of her mouth. There’s no logical reason for that combination to turn him on, but it did. Oh, but it did.
She opened for him, moaning into his mouth while gently stroking her tongue against his. So feather light. So erotically.
While working their tongues sensually, he gripped the hem of her shirt, pulling it up and over her head before enclosing his puckered lips over her breast as she arched into him.
“Tim…”
He continued to lave her nipple, sucking her soft, salty skin into his mouth for more. Needing more. Always more. When he came up for air, she was writhing with uncontained need. Need for him.
“I thought these were real,” he breathed before licking and nibbling a trail up from her breast, past her neck, then finally sucking her tongue back into his mouth.
“That was the point,” she whispered, digging her nails into his scalp, pulling him closer when he shifted back. “Let me touch you,” she pleaded, reaching for the front of his pants when he sucked her earlobe into his mouth. 
“W-wait.” He pulled back, breathing way too hard for the heavy petting they’d been participating in. “Inside.”
He threw off the covers, revealing a star filled sky. He scrambled out of the seat, cocooning her inside the blanket once more before lifting her. Opening and closing the door proved to be difficult, but he managed before running straight for the bedroom.
After the light flicked on, he threw her on the bed, falling on top of her, taking control of her mouth once more.
Lacy’s body started wriggling, writhing, arching into his, wanting a release. That’s when he realized this was wrong. They couldn’t do this. Not with his neighbor.
He slowly ended the kiss, trailing his tongue over her incredibly plump lip once more before sitting back up, watching her beauty as she came back to earth. It slowly donned on her that he wasn’t going to finish what she’d started. 
“Is that it?” she asked, arching a daring brow. Liquid courage fueled her on. “I’ve had better from grade school boyfriends.”
He didn’t take the bait. Instead, he rolled over and propped up on his elbow next to her, watching her carefully. But not too carefully. She’s too beautiful for her own good.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea that we do this.”
“Uh huh. You should leave.”
“Leave?”
“Leave. Yes. You shouldn’t be here when I call Bobby to finish what we started.”
“Bobby? Are you shitting me? You’d call someone else over here after what we’ve done?”
“We barely even started, and you just said you didn’t want to finish, so yes I need Bobby to finish it for you. Can’t do it myself. Trust me, I’ve tried.”
He stared at her, feeling like he’d just been slapped in the face.  It’s not like they’re in a relationship or anything. And he did just halt their progress. But it didn’t mean he wanted some other man to touch her.
“Who’s Bobby? A boyfriend, or a booty call.”
“Just a booty call. He’s incapable of having a relationship.”
He pursed his lips before making up his mind. A stupid decision, he’s sure, but one he needed to make at this time.
“Well, in that case…”
He got up and reveled in the whimper he caused her to make when she thought he was leaving. Instead, he turned off the light and came back to bed. The moon light bathed over her features, revealing a beautiful woman waiting to be worshipped. Her dark blue eyes watched his every move as he climbed over her. Her plump lips slightly parted on a gasp when he repositioned himself.
“As long as you won’t be weird about this in the morning…”
He didn’t give her a chance to reply before kissing her again. One hand held her rib cage, his thumb lightly stroking the soft skin under her breast before taking it in his grasp. The other slowly discarded of her shorts and undies while he straddled her legs. They only went down to her knees before his fingers trailed playfully up her inner thigh, and into the small triangle patch of hair.
When she reached for his pants, he swatted her hand away, but that hardly deterred her. He ended up gripping both of her wrists above her head, using his one free hand to lightly flick over her nipple, bringing it fully erect before licking his way down her sweet neck, sucking her pert nipple into his warm mouth. Small, delicate and pink. Her nipple was perfect. Felt perfect in his mouth.
“Mmm. You taste like mustard. Like sexy, hot mustard.”
She moaned, lifting her breast to further encase it in his mouth, but he changed direction, kissing down the center of her chest, past her navel, into her delicious curls below.
“No kissing down there,” she breathed, panting, gripping his hand as her pleasure mounted.
The way her body tensed, he knew she meant it. His kisses came back up while his hand trailed down the side of her body. He pressed his lower half against hers and rotated his hips, showing her just how excited he was to be in this position. 
“Yes, Tim. I want you.” He couldn’t get her hips to remain still after that, chuckling into her skin as he shifted to remove his erection from her wanton body movements after one more swipe to heighten their pleasure.
“If you don’t keep still, I’m bound to ruin my underwear.”
She moaned on his words as his hands traveled down to the juncture of her legs again, this time lightly circling her nub of pleasure, drawing a prolonged gasp of breath from her lips. Instead of watching what his hand was doing, he couldn’t keep his eyes off her face. Off the euphoric expression washing over her features as her pink lips parted. Her eyes were closed at half mast, her thick lashes casting dark shadows beneath her eyes.
“Yes, keep going.” The sexy tone of her voice made him remember where his hand was, and exactly what it’d been petting. 
He split his focus from her face to her body, experimentally shifting his wrist so he could explore further into her depths. With his pointer and middle finger, he slid down to her lips, collecting the moisture that collected at her opening, then drew in a shaky breath while sinking them inside her warm flesh, closing his eyes for a second to prolong the moment.
“Tim,” she breathed, trying to open her legs wider for more contact.
His gaze flew back to her face the second she whispered his name. A gentle rhythm started as his fingers stroked in and out in a slow, delicious rotation against her soaking skin. 
With a curse, Tim bent his head to take her lips in a scorching kiss of tongue and teeth while pressing his palm flat against her nub, giving her pleasure from multiple angles as his fingers pumped in and out of her, pressing down on the heart of her pleasure zone. When he arched his hips, rotating the length of his erection against the outside of her leg, she whimpered the sweetest sound before it turned into an almost purr. Her body completely went lax beneath him, a small side smile creeping over her pink cheeks. Flushed from pleasure, she looked like an angel bathed in the moonlight, spread out over the comforter like some sort of feast for him.
It was with a small sense of regret that he withdrew his fingers on a gentle glide, loving the way her lips stuck to him, trying to pull him back in. 
He sought her lips once more, skimming across them before playfully biting her upper lip as he reached for a Kleenex on her nightstand, wiping off her pleasure while she remained sated, eyes closed, floating on cloud nine.
She rolled, wrapping an arm around his waist and snuggling her face against the side of his chest. 
“It’s supposed to be like that…” she half asked, half stated on a breathless sigh.
“What?”
There was no response since she’d passed out mid-sentence.
Tim remained still, staring up at her ceiling for a few minutes until he knew he wouldn’t disturb her as he left.










TWELVE

Lacy woke with a start, sitting up straight before grabbing her pounding head. She had no idea what time it was, but the sun was up, so she’d obviously slept through the night.
It’s always clear that she’d drank too much the night before when her dreams consisted of trying to beat Candy Crush levels. It always brought an instant migraine that wouldn’t go away, no matter how successful her game was in her mind. 
“Oh, fuck…” 
With one eye cracked open, she spied a fresh glass of ice water and two Aleve on her nightstand. Uncaring how they got there, she downed some water before taking the pills, grabbing the note from the table after placing the glass back down.

Miss Balls,
Take these and feel better.
I’ll be back at noon to bring you
to work and take you to lunch.
I enjoyed last night, friend. I’m
happy to be the person you turn to in
your time of need. Just know, I’m taking
you up on your offer and making 
you come with me when I confront
my dad, for support of course.
See you in a few hours,
Tim

Lacy read his words a couple of times through slitted lashes and a small smile on her face. 
The erotic memories from last night replayed in her head over and over. It’d been wonderful. Completely unexpected, and wonderful. She’d been fully prepared to fake her orgasm, not having cum from foreplay before, but it wasn’t necessary. While he explored her body, she completely relaxed and enjoyed his touch. Thoroughly enjoyed it.  When she came, it was both surprising and elating at the same time. 
Had she just had horrible lovers in the past, or is Tim some kind of sex king?
Throwing the comforter back over her head, she remembered his quiet plea to not be weird today. How could she not be? 
She thought it over for a few minutes before deciding she owed it to him to try her best for normal. She didn’t want to lose him as a friend, and if she acted like a nut, he’d probably up and leave her, or find someone else to act as protector from her and Jalynn.
The next time her eyes opened, the sun was fully up in the sky and her headache was gone. She stretched, kicking off the blanket before reaching for her phone that he’d obviously dug out of her purse and plugged in for her.
Five missed calls from Tara, a couple of frantic voicemails, but no texts.  The voicemails were made before Tara had stopped by, so Lacy didn’t feel the need to return them right away. Instead, she shot off a quick text explaining she’d be in later for her things before climbing out of bed to brush her teeth. Once cleaned, she sent another to Tim, trying to act normal.

Lacy 10:36am
Thanks for taking care of me. I owe you. I’ll be ready at noon

The hot water from the shower unknotted the muscles in her back, soothing her down to the bone before she stepped out to dry off. Body dried, she got to work on her hair before wrapping the towel and twisting it on top of her head while she perused her closet for an outfit one might wear to do the walk of shame at an office. She didn’t want to look too relaxed, so sweats and jeans were out, but she didn’t want to look like she’d come to work either, so no dresses. After ten minutes, she decided on a beige pant suit with a silk purple top beneath it, then took her time with her hair and makeup, wanting to look good, but not overdone.
With the last of her hairs in place, she glanced back at her phone for the time.

Tara 11:49pm
Come now! Half the office is in the banquet room for their potluck! You won’t have to see everyone

Tara had sent that one minute ago. Panicking, wanting to be there now, she picked up her purse and threw on her shoes while calling Tim. She got his voicemail, hung up, then tried again. Same thing. On her third try, she left a message explaining why she needed to leave now while pulling out of her garage. As a last minute effort in trying not to ditch him, she parked, ran over to his house, then rang the doorbell and pounded on his door for a full minute before giving up. It was five to twelve, and he wasn’t there….it’s his fault he’s not coming with her, not hers.
She bolted back over to her car before taking off, giant butterflies eating her stomach alive.

Tim stood on his front porch, reeling at the sight of Lacy’s car driving away. It both angered and pleased him at the same time. She’d left without him. Sure, he’d been in the shower when she’d called, but he’d rushed down the stairs, towel wrapped around his waist to answer his door, only to find her driving away.
With a devious smile, he quickly went back inside and found his Halloween costume box. A quick survey had him pulling out the only outfit good enough to teach Lacy a lesson. He pulled everything on, grabbing a bag of normal clothes in case he needed to be somewhere after her office, then jumped in his Jeep and hurried after her. His only hope was that she’d take her time and still be there when he showed up.

Lacy stepped out of the elevator, fidgeting with the keys in her hands while cautiously leaning her head out to peek around. The main receptionist was facing away from her, eating a sandwich and gossiping away on the phone. She hurried out, making it past her desk without being seen. Soon enough, Tara’s desk and her office came into view. 
Where’s Tara?
This was no time to dilly dally if she wanted to make it in and out without being seen. She knew without a doubt that Mr. Knox would be in his office at this hour, so planned on making a quick detour to apologize once more before the rest of the employees’ lunch hour was up. 
She shut her door behind her, glancing out to see that Tara was in Mr. Knox’s office, hand on the doorknob as if about to leave. That only made her hurry double time. First was the emails. Deleting all her personal ones and forwarding any work related ones to Tara’s so the company would still have it after removing her from the system completely. 
She wasn’t even halfway done with one month’s worth when Tara and Mr. Knox both came walking her way. 
“Fuck!” she whispered a few seconds before Mr. Knox tapped on her door, letting himself in when she couldn’t find her voice to invite him. “I’m just forwarding the important emails to Tara, so you’ll have them, and then I was going to come talk to you.”
“Good. I thought you were going to try and sneak out of here or something. But now that we’ve both had time to calm down from yesterday’s fiasco, I think we need to talk about things.”
She swallowed, nodding as he sat in one of the empty chairs across from her.
“I know how I acted was completely unprofessional. It’s entirely my fault for acting so childish, and there’s no excuse for my behavior.”
Aside from the fact that Barry Wolt had no idea who I was and no remorse for leaving me as a child!
“You’re right. Your behavior was appalling to say the least. Up until that moment, you’ve shown promising strength in your ability to handle even the worst of stressful moments.”  
When Mr. Knox looked down at his phone, Lacy glanced over his head while releasing a silent sigh, only to find a man dressed in a light blue spandex costume, yellow underwear over it, and a capital A across his chest. The same yellow fabric covered his eyes, as if a superhero outfit.  From her years of watching Saturday Night Live, Lacy knew exactly what the character was. And who he was. Her eyes got wide at the same instant that Mr. Knox took his call.
“Just a minute; I need to take this. Hello?”
Lacy watched in stupefied horror as the man closed in on her office, spotting her through the glass wall before heading straight for her. Tara followed her line of sight before abruptly standing, a loud burst of laughter escaping her lips when Tim stopped at her desk, hands fisted on top of his hips. When Tara looked back at her, Lacy shook her head in warning. Tim ignored Tara when she tried to get him to leave, walking right up to the wall, squishing his face against the once pristine glass.
Her hand flew to her mouth, stifling a laugh while Mr. Knox remained oblivious on his cell phone.  
This wasn’t a funny moment. Nothing about this should be funny. He can’t be here. Why is he here? And dressed like that? 
Lacy’s heart started hammering in her chest with anxious nerves. 
She vigorously shook her head, desperately trying to warn him off. When Tara moved out from behind him holding a pair of scissors near his neck and asking with her eyes if she should harm him, Lacy shook her head even more, holding in her laughter when Tim looked back and found the weapon so close to his face. He looked at Tara like she was crazy before opening Lacy’s door, shutting it behind him to keep Tara out.
Mr. Knox chose that moment to shift in his seat and discover Tim. He rose with a start, hanging up on whoever he’d been talking to while turning to assess their new arrival.
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Knox, but this man was just leaving. Weren’t you?”
Lacy’s lethal gaze should’ve been enough to put him in his grave, but he didn’t budge.  A resigned look of purpose remained on his face as he stared her down.
She noted the moment of awkwardness between the two men before her boss gestured to the man but spoke to Lacy. 
“You know this man?” he asked, disbelief heavy in his tone. 
Lacy stood at the same time that Tim took his seat next to her boss. She couldn’t keep the glare off her face whenever she glanced his way, quickly covering it with a gentle smile when Mr. Knox looked over at her.
 “I asked him to stay in the car, seeing as he isn’t dressed for an office visit. I’m sorry Mr. Knox, but he’s my special needs neighbor.” His brow furrowed as she turned to Tim and used a stern voice. “Please wait in the car, Tim.”
Tim smiled wide, holding his yellow gloved hand out.
“Tim Balls. Lacy’s neighbor.”
With a raised brow, “Mr. Knox, Lacy’s boss.”
“Knox, huh? I used to know a Mr. Knox.”
“Did you now?”
Lacy’s mind reeled with the sudden turn of events. It wasn’t like she’d come in today with a full blown plan or anything, but this…this is just chaos. If Tim didn’t leave now, there’s no way she’d be able to ask for a good reference to get another job. In reality, it’s the least he owed her for her years of service as a loyal employee. He didn’t have many, for that she knew to be true. 
“Tim.” She waited until his eyes met hers before continuing in her same platonic, lecturing voice. “Please go wait in the car. You’re starting to draw a crowd with that overzealous outfit of yours and that’s the last thing that I want. Please,” she repeated when he continued to look at her with those puppy dog eyes. 
“I’ll go.” Lacy’s body relaxed, exhaling the tension right out of her. “As soon as Mr. Knox apologizes for yesterday and ensures your job and status here, I’ll go.”
Lacy’s jaw dropped, nearly scraping the top of her desk as horror washed over her face. 
“Tim!” she growled, but he didn’t relent.
“Does he know the whole story? What your father did to you? If he did, he wouldn’t fire you.”
“Tim, I swear to God, if you don’t leave right this instant—”
“It’s quite alright, Lacy. I have a brother in law who has the same spitfire attitude as this here man…if you ignore him, he’ll only get worse. Might as well placate his needs before he starts streaking around the office and the cops get called in. So, your father. From what I remember you saying yesterday, you have no relationship and he didn’t know who you were. Is that a fair assessment?”
She nodded, swallowing, before perching back on her chair and wishing with all her might that she was back in her bubble at home, away from the craziness. 
“That’s correct. But it still didn’t give me the right to cause such a scene yesterday. It was so unprofessional and damaging, I only hope that it didn’t cause any further delays in getting the contract signed.”
“Actually, it was Barry Wolt that refused to work with us unless you were involved.  I’m guessing he wants to talk to you again, without you storming out.”
Lacy’s nostrils flared in distaste. Talk to Barry? No. Fucking. Way.
“And you said…” Tim prompted, gesturing for Mr. Knox to continue when it was clear Lacy hated the idea.
“That the contract was a binding professional agreement, and if he had some personal business to take care of, that it won’t be through this.”
“You did?” she whispered, taken aback from his unknowingly kind words. “I mean, thank you, Mr. Knox. I appreciate you being so gracious and thoughtful regarding the whole matter. A lesser man would’ve thrown me under a bus to get the contract signed. I appreciate it. Truly. As for Barry? I have no interest in anything he has to say and choose not to see him…unless of course it’s something that you’d want. In which case I’d happily oblige in order to get a good reference out of you.”
Mr. Knox’s eyes narrowed a bit, but otherwise revealed no emotion. His palm sat under his chin, pointer finger stretched alongside his face as if deep in thought. 
“I’d actually like you to stay, Ms. Hamilton. Your work is thorough and beneficial to this company. If you agree to stay, there’ll be a probationary thirty day timeline to pass before this will all go away, but I think you’ll do just fine.”
Tim stood, then climbed on the chair and put both hands on his hips and puffed out his chest.
Smiling like a goof, Lacy couldn’t help but laugh. 
“Looks like my work here is done.” 
He made no move to leave, just wanted recognition in the moment. 
Lacy and Mr. Knox both ignored him as if they’ve had years of practice. 
“Mr. Knox—”
“Please, call me Anthony.”
“Anthony,” she smiled. “If you’re serious, of course I’ll stay. I enjoy working here and for a company I believe in. I’ll do my best to redeem myself, and promise to hold back my emotions in the future.” She stood with him, holding out her hand. “Thank you, again, Sir. I truly appreciate this second chance for all it is. I won’t let you down.”
“I know you won’t.”
They both turned to Tim, who jumped down off his chair and beamed brightly at Lacy. 
“Tim. It’s great seeing you so happy.”
Lacy’s brow furrowed.
“You two know each other?”
Tim’s smile ceased before taking hold of his hand. 
“We go back a ways, but we mostly know each other through business.” Then he locked eyes with Lacy, small smile forming his lips. “Didn’t know this until last night, but we’re apparently in business together.  Or were. I used to send business your way, you’d hammer out the details with Mr. Knox here, and I got a percentage of the profit.  But that was before I started my own company.”
“Oh.”
Small world. 
Mr. Knox raised a brow, but didn’t comment, though it looked like he really wanted to. Especially after his eyes roamed over the ridiculous ensemble that clung to his toned body.
“I’ll go drive the crowd away so you can both make a hasty retreat. Take the rest of the day off. See you on Monday, Ms. Hamilton.”
“Thank you, sir. Oh, wait. I thought you were starting your vacation next week?”
“Right. I’ll see you in two weeks, then. Any problems, you know how to reach me.”
He quietly left, shutting the door behind him before turning his scary gaze on the few scattered employees who were brave enough to leave the lunchroom and stare at the shitshow that was Lacy’s life. 
Once they dispersed, Lacy grabbed up her purse and stopped in front of Tara’s desk.  Tim followed her closely, but wisely stayed silent.
“I’ll be back on Monday.  Call you tomorrow?”
Tara smiled, rolling her eyes at Tim.
“Yeah. Have a good night. And Tim? You are one crazy man, you know that?”
“Back at ya, Scissorhands! Were you really planning on stabbing me in the neck? Remind me never to trust you.”
Tara laughed, then stopped so abruptly while holding up a threatening pair of scissors, even Lacy questioned her sanity for a moment. 
“Better leave before the vultures come back.”
Lacy nodded, hugged her friend, then booked it to the elevators with Tim hot on her heels.  They rode down in silence. They walked to their cars in silence. It wasn’t until they stopped beside her driver’s door that she broke that silence.

“How dare you? Are you out of your mind? Why are you dressed like the Ambiguously Gay Duo? Where’s your Duo? And you know my boss? What the hell, Tim?”
Oh, how he loves that hot little mouth of hers. Memory’s from last night flashed in his mind. The taste of mustard will never be the same.
“Umm…you’re welcome?”
That did it. Her eyes flashed—in amused anger?—as she took a step forward.
“Welcome? I’m welcome? For what exactly? For showing up dressed in a gay superhero outfit? For putting pressure on my boss to not fire me? For causing an even bigger scene in an already embarrassing situation? Tell me, Tim, what am I most welcome for?”
How can he possibly be aroused right now? In the middle of a parking lot with an irate woman yelling at him? A curvaceous, witty, strong, woman.
“Why are you looking at me like—”
Tim’s thinking stopped the moment he reached out, pulling her up against his aching body. His mouth slanted across hers, startling her senses for a few seconds before she relaxed. With her breasts smashed up against his chest, her lips pleasantly compliant between his, and the soft whimpers coming from her throat, it took all his strength to break them apart and not take her right then and there. 
After bringing Lacy to release last night, he’d snuck back over to his place, pleasuring himself twice before he could think straight again. Like a horny teenager, he couldn’t get her out of his mind. He slept for a few hours before sneaking back into her place to check on her. She was still fast asleep as he placed the water, pills and note next to her bed. Just being back in her bedroom had his hormones raging again, so he’d ran back to his house, changed, then went for a long run before heading into town, then back to take his shower. 
Why can’t he just get her out of his system? 
Her perky lips sat parted on her beautiful face while he ran a hand through his hair, taking a deep breath of fresh air to calm down.
“Sorry, uh. I’m sorry about everything. I just…thought it’d be funny—which it was—and that I could make you laugh—which I did!—and I like to make you laugh.”
She didn’t respond. Just stared at him while her left hand came up and lightly touched her lips. Her breasts heaved with each deep breath she took. Damn that blazer for covering most of what he wanted to see. But he could still see…and it was enough to tease and torment him.
“Lacy? Are you alright?” he reached out, tilting her chin with his knuckles so she’d look him in the eye again. “Talk to me?”
“I, uh…I need a drink.” She blinked, then stepped back and opened her car door, sliding in while he continued to watch her. He grabbed the door before she could close it. “I’m going home,” she whispered, still breathing heavily. 
He nodded, letting her go, but only because he quickly hopped into his Jeep so he could follow her there. She appeared to still be shaken up, rattled by the events of the last couple of days. Or by his kiss? he couldn’t help but ask. 
They made it home in one piece, each parking in their own garages. Tim walked over after changing into shorts and a tee, letting himself in the front door when she didn’t answer his knock. 
“Lacy?” he called, but received no answer. He heard the soft beat of music coming from the now closed bedroom door as he walked further into her house. 
He lifted his hand to knock just as his phone went off in his pocket. With one hand gripping his phone and one hand gripping the doorknob, his eyes bulged while throwing it open, locking eyes with a startled Lacy as she hurriedly hid something behind her back and tossed her phone onto the bed in front of her. She stood to the side, bed hiding her legs, wearing only a matching peach colored bra and lacy thong.
For a split second he regretted letting himself in, afraid she’d be upset, until he remembered the text he’d just received from her.

CeeCee 1:13pm
Wana come over?









THIRTEEN

“Am I early?” he asked, half his face tilting in a smile while he tried to suppress it. 
She blushed a deep red, still holding her hands behind her back. It only enunciated her breasts by pressing them out even further. 
“Um, yes. Please get out.”
“But, you invited me over.”
“Out of my room so I can put clothes on,” she tsk’d, clearly annoyed that he wouldn’t leave and give her some privacy.
“Shy now? I saw it all last night.”
She sighed, exasperated.
“Tim, please. Do as I ask for once.”
“For once?” She glared at him. “Ok, ok. I’ll be on the couch.”
He made it look like he was leaving, then popped his head back in. But she hadn’t moved a muscle.  They continued a glaring stare down until he lunged into the room, trying to see what she was hiding behind her back. She squealed, pressing herself up against the wall as he closed in on her. 
“Please! Tim, please, leave.”
“I think you want me to see what you’re hiding. Why else would you’ve sent me that text?”
“I didn’t think you were right outside my bedroom when I text it!” she spat, squirming to keep the object hidden when he stopped a foot away.  “Tim, please. I’m begging you. I don’t want you to see it. I will hate you forever—”
“Hate me forever? That’s a very long time.”
He inched forward until their bodies almost met; hers flush against the wall by the window overlooking her back yard.
She nodded her head, unwilling to blink and have him take her by surprise.
Did he want to chance ruining their friendship to see what was in her hands? Or was their friendship worth more to him than mere curiosity?
“You really don’t want me to see what you’re hiding?” She shook her head, hopeful he’d listen to her. “But you have no problem with me seeing you in your skimpies?”
He could clearly see her erect nipples through the sheer material of her bra. They poked out further when his gaze dropped and stayed on them. 
“Please,” she whispered again, breathing hard like she had in the parking lot. 
She’d been aroused?
He blinked, eyes refocusing on hers. After a deep breath, he took a step back, then another, then another, until he finally disappeared outside her room, closing the door behind him. 
The couch bent to his form as he dropped down, eyes closing as he pictured her gorgeous body, then willed it away to help remove the permanent erection between his legs. 
And what the hell was she hiding behind her back?

Lacy waited ten seconds after the door shut before hopping into action. She moved like a tornado, hiding Bobby—her bedtime playmate—in the back of her pajama drawer before grabbing her black, silk robe from the back of her closet. 
“Fuck,” she whispered, upset with the way their last conversation had ended. 
She’d invited him over for a reason, and only hoped her little show of defiance wouldn’t completely put him off what she was about to suggest. 
The confrontation with her boss took a left turn somewhere, but ended with positive results. And Tim wanted her to thank him? Is he really a psycho? Is she psycho for still finding him attractive, funny and wanting to be around him?
Perhaps.
When she’d rushed home, she’d had every intention of using Bobby to the fullest extent, but then a thought occurred to her….why not Tim?
The silk robe barely covered her thighs as she tied the sash and spot checked her face before opening her door to find him lying across her couch, feet propped up and crossed at the ankles with both hands behind his head. She stared down at him, watching his shirt move to the contours of his muscles while breathing. 
“Like what you see?” he asked, his eyes still closed.
“Yes,” she replied.
His eyes flew open, not expecting that answer, only to find she’d turned and started toward her kitchen. He jumped up to follow her, standing at the bar while she dug through her fridge. A carton of strawberries and a bottle of sparkling wine were put on the counter while she grabbed two glasses, then placed everything on her high top dining room table, twisting her head in a gesture for him to follow her.  
The robe concealed very little, as she knew. She enjoyed the way his eyes followed her movements, lighting up whenever more skin was revealed. Especially when she took her seat and the robe inched up her thighs, revealing smooth, creamy skin…and a few scattered freckles. 
With a glass poured for each of them, she raised hers, offering a toast.
“To keeping jobs, nosey neighbors…and friendship.”
Tim gave her a wide grin before clinking his glass against hers. They each took healthy chugs before she set hers down, reaching for a strawberry. She bit into it, enjoying the way the flavors meshed together for maximum enjoyment.
“So, Tim, tell me a little more about yourself. I feel you have me at quite the disadvantage here.”
“How so? I think we both opened up quite a bit last night…well, I guess you did open up a little more than me.”
Is he smirking? That Cheeky bastard.
“As I recall, you quite enjoyed that.” She raised a brow before taking another drink.
“I did. Hopefully not as much as you though.”
“Hopefully,” she smiled, not revealing just how much she’d enjoyed it. Too much. “So…yourself?”
He shifted in his seat, suddenly looking a little uncomfortable.
“I’m not sure what there’s to tell. I have one sister. A mom and a dad. Grandma and Grandpa on my mom’s side are still kicking. I work from home.” He drank down a little further, eyeing her. “Is there something specific you’re looking for?”
She popped another strawberry into her mouth, leaning back against her chair to seem more at ease.
“Girlfriend?”
“Not at the moment.”
“And your wife’s completely out of the picture?”
“I refer to her as Nicole, not my wife. And yes, she’s out of my life.” With both arms on the table, he leaned forward, cocking his head to the side. “Why?”
“Just wondering. And do you have any booty calls?”  He laughed, chewing through a strawberry while shaking his head. “Ok.” 
“Ok?” he asked, clearly confused.
Instead of replying, she stood, downing the rest of her drink before fumbling with the sash at her waist. His eyes got wide…even wider when she finally released the knot and let the robe fall off her shoulders and onto the seat behind her. Still in her matching bra and undies, Tim sat perfectly still, enjoying the view from his peripheral since his eyes stayed glued to hers.
“Now, hear me out before you say no,” she began while taking a step around the table toward him. He didn’t move. Didn’t make a sound. “Last night was…great. It really was. And since we’re neighbors, both unattached at the time, both having needs, both…attracted to one another…”
“Lacy.” His eyes softened but his body remained rigid as she stepped up to his side, boldly placing both hands on his tensed thighs. 
“I’m not proposing we have sex. I think that would be a bad idea. And I don’t want to date you. I just figured we could both use one another as an outlet, for convenience, when needed.” He swallowed. She watched the movement as if he’d sprang his erection free and it was fascinating. “I’m clean. On the pill, not that we’ll be having sex.”
“Let me get this straight,” he began, placing both hands on her upper arms as his thumbs moved up and down against the side of her smooth breast. He almost groaned, but kept it in check and his eyes on hers. “You want to propose an oral arrangement with me? The man who drives you crazy? Don’t deny it, I can tell. Just because we’re neighbors?”
“No. We’re neighbors and both unattached. And you’re forgetting the mutual attraction thing. That’s always important.”
 “That’s insane! I’ll probably piss you off tomorrow and you’ll call the whole thing off. You realize that, right?” 
Lacy bit her cheek, trying her hardest to breathe through her irritation.
“I do realize it. But…”
“But what?” he asked, standing so she had to look up at him. 
“Our…you…it’s just that…” she blew out a sigh, gathering her bravado. “It makes me horny.”
“What?” Now his breathing became choppy, matching hers.
“I get so mad and irritated, but the goofy look on your face and the adrenaline rush you give me…makes me horny. Ok? Is that enough information for you? You’re the one that kissed me today in the parking lot. And here I am, almost naked, and you want to say no. Is it because you think I’m fat? I can lose weight if you want. And besides, no one will even know about our arrangement, so it’s not like you should be embarrassed. If anything—”
Tim bent his head, locking his lips against hers to shut her up. A small gasp of breath escaped when he swooped in with his tongue. Only once though. Then he added some space between them, but didn’t let go of her arms. 
“I don’t think you’re fat. Why would you say that?”
“You s-said. The other night. You said ‘my skin-tight clothes’.”
“Because you wear form-fitting clothes. Not because you’re fat. Are you serious? I didn’t think you were one of those girls.”
Her fur bristled.
“What girls?”
“The ones that think they’re fat, when they’re not.”
“I don’t think I’m fat. I thought you did. I know I’m no model, but I like my curves.” She glanced around at her ass. “Well, most of them.”
“Your ass is fine,” he commented, still looking her dead in the eye. “But I still don’t think it’s a good idea. Believe me, I’d like nothing more than to pleasure you. I would. But we’re next door neighbors. I don’t want you to hate me…that would be awkward.”
“Why are you so gung-ho about me hating you?”
“Hmm. It might have something to do with your yelling.”
She smiled, rolling her eyes. 
“I yell so that you can hear me. Look, you don’t have to decide now. If it happens, it happens. You can still go date or whatever it is that you do, but know that I’m willing to be an outlet for you, should you need me.  I’m not going to get clingy or anything. Promise.”
He narrowed his eyes.
“What about Bobby?”
She gasped.
“Bobby?”
“You said he’s your booty call.”
She bit her cheek, trying to hold in her smile. 
“I don’t want Bobby. That’s why I’m talking to you. Here. Now.” 
“And this arrangement…is open ended until one or both of us decides otherwise?”
“Yes. It can stop whenever.”
“And it starts…now?” he asked, a hopeful spike to his tone.
She smiled, leaning into him and bravely rubbing her hand against the crotch of his shorts.  Already fully erect. Ready. She looked up at him, smile in place.
“Does that make you happy?” he asked, stepping back and out of her reach.
“Very,” she purred. She stayed in place, not wanting to crowd him.  “But this is about mutual pleasure,” she added, securing her robe back on while taking her seat and refilling her glass. “Doesn’t have to happen this second…just as long as you know I’m here and willing.”
“This is confusing. So if I said I wanted head, now, you’d do it.”
She licked her lips, leaving her mouth parted in welcomed surprise at his words.
“Yes,” she breathed. He believed her. “And also, if I just think you need it, I’d offer it freely, without you having to ask.”
He braced both hands over the back of the stool, eyeing her. She knew what she was proposing was borderline insane. She knew it would be awkward at first…but they’d get through it. She’d make sure of it.
“I don’t think this is really what you want. You’re still high from being nervous about Mr. Knox.” When she opened her mouth to protest, he continued. “That being said…I’ll give you a couple of days to make sure this is what you want. If it happens, it happens. No pressure. No expectations. Nothing.” He smiled then, making her smile. 
“Deal.”
He nodded, rejoining her at the table.
“I gotta say…never in a million years is that what I thought you’d say to me. Women sure are forward these days.”
“Women? Why is it only ok for men to do it? I’ll never understand that. I’ve never been a whore, by any means, but I’ve come to a certain point in my life where I realized I have to take what I can, work for what I want. I have standards, morals, expectations…I just want to live a little in between the everyday mundane life of mine.”
“I doubt your life is mundane.”
“And what about you? You run a couple times a day, work from home…what do you do for fun? Where do you go? With who?”
The doorbell rang, saving him from having to answer.
“I’ll get the door, you go put clothes on.”
She giggled on the way to her room, swaying out of reach when he tried to swat her butt. A quick thrown on pair of green loungers and a white tank top, and she was good to go. After a spray of perfume, of course. She’d been sweating his response, literally, and didn’t want her stench to ruin the mood, should anything happen. One last teeth check for strawberry seeds, and she was out the door, confused on how empty her house was. Wasn’t Tim going to answer the door? 
At a leisurely pace, she made her way toward the front door, admiring the pictures she’d hung along the wall space on her way. She eyed the peep hole, smiling like a goof at the sight of a giraffe with bug eyes.
“Tim, you’re such a…” 
Lacy threw open her front door with every intention of finishing that sentence, but the three people practically brawling on her front steps caught her off guard. 









FOURTEEN

“What’s going on?” she asked, trying and failing miserably to push Tim out of the way to see who he was trying to block out.
His back was like a brick wall, obstructing most of her view.
“Lacy!”
“Mom?” She half-heartedly punched Tim in the kidney, using his flinching moment to push past him. “Mom, what are you—”
Ohh! Standing next to her mom was none other than Barry Fucking Wolt.
“I’m so sorry, but he wouldn’t go away until I brought him to you. I’m so sorry!” 
In tears, a faded pink sundress and white flip flops, her mother looked the same as ever. Not that she cried all the time…but it’s pretty expected. Especially when a ghost from the past re-enters her life.
Lacy held out her hand. Her mother eagerly took it, grateful she was being pulled over to her daughters side while Barry stood all alone. Not that he seemed to mind. He looked just as dashing in his suit pants and dress shirt rolled up at the sleeves. Couldn’t he at least pretend to be poor? For Catherine’s sake?
“Harassing your ex? Is nothing beneath you?” Lacy spat, holding her trembling mother in her arms. “What do you want, Barry?”
“I only want to talk. And for you to know the truth. Your mother had her reasons, I’m sure, and I’m not here to place blame, I just want you to know the truth. And eventually, maybe, we can start over. I’ve always wanted you in my life. Always. Not a day went by that I didn’t think about you. In the meeting yesterday, all I could think about was how familiar you looked…and once I found out why and how enraged you were, it only pissed me off. I’ve always wanted you in my life. Always.”
On the brink of a murderous rage, Lacy blinked, clearing her mind while looking down at her mom. Her height was one of the few things she’d inherited from her dad…and the one thing she couldn’t dispose of.
“Are you ok? What did he say to you?  Where’s Gordon?”
“H-he’s fine. At home. Fine.” She straightened her shoulders, standing up straight to square off with a man neither of them thought they’d have to deal with again. Tim remained at Lacy’s side, acting as silent protector should he be needed. “And he wants me to tell you—”
“None of that crap, Catherine. Don’t make it seem like I made this up. Just tell her the truth.”
Catherine’s chin came up, eyes almost completely closed while her jaw shifted in annoyance.
“Fine. Your father had an affair with a co-worker of his…”
“I know this, mom. You told me that after I called you from the grocery store, remember?”
“Yes, yes, I told you that then. But what I failed to mention at the time…was…and remember how much I love you, honey…”
“Just say it, mom.”
She blew out a sigh before looking her daughter straight in the eye.  If she doesn’t just say it, Lacy might lose her nerve and lock everyone out of her house just to be alone.
“Catherine,” Barry prompted.
“Ok!” She leveled a glare at her ex before seething between her teeth, “I had an affair first. Once. Only once. And I never had sex.”
Complete silence loomed over the entire neighborhood. Or so it felt like it. Lacy had no idea how to respond to that. None whatsoever. 
For over twenty years she believed her father to be dead. Then she believed him to be the rat-bastard, asshole, scumbag that left on her 6th birthday to be with his new family. And now…yet another change. 
It’s somehow not all his fault. 
Her mother. 
Her rock.
Her biggest supporter…	
Somehow it’s all been a sham. All of it. 
Tim cleared his throat, leaning down to whisper in her ear.
“Want me to leave?”
She turned her head a fraction to the side, taking a deep breath before replying.
“Only if you want or have to.”
Her attention turned back to her parents. The two people who gave her life. The two people who seem to let her down at every turn somehow. No matter the situation, it’s always her that gets burned.
“Say something,” Catherine pleaded. When she moved to touch her, Lacy jerked away. “Please. I’m so sorry. But it doesn’t change anything. We were fine without him.”
“Fine? We were not fine without him, mom. We had a funeral for him! A funeral! I thought he was dead. And then, and much to my surprise, he’s alive, with other children, still living in the same city. That was a shock. But after you explained his betrayal, I thought I understood it all. Thought it made sense that my mother kept my father from me since he didn’t want me. That would be understandable. But now, hearing that you’re just a bunch of adulterating manipulators, I find that you both are still just competing with each other over who gets the last word. 
“I want nothing to do with this. Do you see how your pettiness has affected me? Only me? I’m the only one who’s lost out on anything, been lied to and suffered. You know what? I don’t want to deal with this, and I’m a grown ass woman who doesn’t have to. So,” she turned to Barry, who’s hands were stuffed into his pant pockets while looking at her with nothing but sincerity. That’s not what she wants. “Take Catherine home. Maybe work through some of your issues. Perhaps talk about how the only thing you seem to have done together is fuck me up. And mom, think about what you’ve said to me…everything. Think long and hard about the decisions you’ve made that have hurt me. I don’t want to see either of you until you’ve worked something out. And even then, never stop by my house uninvited again. You both have phones. Use them.”
“Lace, please. Let me talk.” Her jaw ticked, but let Barry continue. “I’m sorry. About everything. I fought your mom for years to be able to see you. I really did. You have to believe me. She thought it best that I not. Had I known she told you I was dead, I would’ve—”
“Stop. I don’t want to hear it. Any of it. Please leave.”
“Lacy!” Catherine screeched when her daughter turned to leave.
“No, mom. I believe this would be a good time for you both to reflect on your sins. Leave me be. I mean it. I’ll see you on your birthday, like always, but you better not expect me to be ok with any of this, this…madness.”
“But—”
“No.”
Surprisingly, Lacy’s threatening one word response was met with no rebuke as she and Tim made a somewhat hasty retreat back into the safe confines of her home. 
“Are you alright?” he asked, following her straight back to the kitchen table where she picked up the earlier forgotten bottle and started chugging it. She got a few good pulls out of it before he ripped it from her mouth with a frown. “Lacy? Don’t drown out the world with alcohol when you’re upset. It’s not healthy.”
“Healthy?” she asked, nearly blind with delirious sorrow. “My life isn’t healthy. Did you just hear that? They’re both a couple of immature adulterers who have no regard for my feelings! Do you know how much I hated that man? My father? I hated him so much…and it wasn’t even his fault. Well, not completely his fault. And my mother? I babied her for years! Took her word for everything. This just goes to show you can’t trust anyone. Not even family. Especially not family.”
Tim let her vent. Just when she got her heart rate back to normal, the entire conversation replayed in her mind again, winding her back up.
“Want me to get some food?” he asked to cut off another one of her long winded rants. 
“Food?” she asked, clearly confused with his change in subject.
“Yes. Like corn dogs and mustard? That seemed to make you happy last night. I just don’t want you getting wasted again, upset as you are.”
She thought it over for a minute before covering a hand over her face to hide her embarrassment.
“N-no. Thanks though. I’m so sorry that you heard all of that. My family’s so fucked up. I’m fucked up. Just, please, go home and pretend this day never happened.”
He scoffed, bringing her head up to see what he could possibly find so amusing. 
“Pretend this day never happened? That’s not gonna be possible. Have you already forgotten the sincere amusement I gave you today while wearing that spandex? Or the amazingly tempting, crazy offer you expanded to me?” He gave a short laugh, almost rolling his eyes when her lips quirked in remembrance. “I’ll never forget today.”
Tim took a step closer, making sure she looked directly at him as he continued. 
“I’m sorry about your parents. Hopefully one day I’ll be able to return the kind favor of introducing you to the hellish lifestyle of my so called family. Believe me, we’re about even on the crazy scale when it comes to our parents.”
She gave a bitter laugh.
“Somehow, I highly doubt that…but I too look forward to the day I meet your family, only in the hopes, or rather disappointing reality, that I’ll see nothing can be worse than my parents.”
He gave her a tight smile while shrugging.
“Grass is always greener…”
“True.”
They stood staring at one another for a few seconds before his phone went off in his pants pocket.
“Hello?” he answered, leaving her to grab up her glass and continue drinking. “You did what?! Where? Fuck, I’ll be right there. Don’t move!”
“Wrong number?” Lacy asked, smiling against the lid of her glass as he ran a worried hand through his hair.
“My sister. Sorry, but I’ve gotta go. Can I ask a favor?”
“Of course.”
“Can you walk and feed Berkley while I’m gone?” As he spoke he began twisting something off his key ring. “To my front door,” he explained while sliding it across the table toward her. “I don’t know when I’ll be back tonight, so just make sure he gets a scoop and a half of food from the laundry room cupboard, and a full bowl of water.”
“Shit, are you alright? I’ve never seen you worried before. Is your sister ok? Do you need me to drive you there?”
She stood, noticing the shakiness of his hands while he repocketed his keys.
“I’m fine. No, no. Stay here. I’ll be fine. Just please, take care of Berkley.”
He’d already started backtracking to her front door.
“Ok. I’ll do that. Just please, at least text me later so I know everything’s alright.”
“Thanks, Lace!”
She grimaced at his use of a nickname as he ran out the door. “Don’t call me that,” she whispered to the now empty space in front of her. 
Looking around, she knew one and only one thing would help her feel better at the moment.
Grabbing up the bottle of wine and her hidden stash of chocolate, she ventured back to her bedroom, rearranged her comforter to act as her bubble, then opened it up enough for her to see her TV screen to watch the previously recorded Cougar Town reruns. 
It wasn’t enough though. Nothing could distract her from the onslaught of thoughts that consumed her. Her parents. Are they for real? Telling a six year old that her father was dead for revenge? That’s fucking insane. 
She doesn’t need them, she thought, chugging down another gulp of the bubbly wine before placing the empty bottle on her night stand. Once safely inside her bubble again, she sighed, repositioning herself on her side so she could relax her head and watch TV at the same time. 
When her phone beeped, she groaned. When it went off for the third time, she cautiously climbed out of the safe confines of her bubble, ran and retrieved her phone, then cocooned back into safety before reading her texts.

Beautiful Beeaatcch! 3:37pm
Bored

Beautiful Beeaatcch! 3:40pm
Coming over

Beautiful Beeaatcch! 3:46pm
If you’re having sex, hurry up. Be there in ten

All from Tara. Lacy smiled, looking at the clock. It was almost four. She must’ve left work early, faking cramps or something.

Lacy 3:53pm
In my bubble. Front door’s unlocked. AND I TOLD YOU TO STOP MESSING WITH MY PHONE, BEEAATCH! I’m changing your name to something evil now. 

After inhaling three mini Snickers, she looked at her next text. 

Tara 4:02pm
Make room for me! I’ll stop and get supplies. See you soon. What’d you change it to????? 

She’d make Tara sweat it out. Let her wonder….until the next time Tara stole her phone when she wasn’t looking.
Lacy felt a weight lift off her, knowing her friend would no doubt take care of her; mending some of her wounds while they both vegged out for the night.










FIFTEEN

“Oh, fuck, girl. I couldn’t possibly eat another one. Take ‘em away from me before the button on my jeans pops and takes someone’s eyes out!”
Lacy giggled, gloriously buzzed and loving Tara’s company as they both utilized the space within her comforter, sitting up on her bed. They’d been watching episodes of Cougar Town while consuming two more bottles of wine, two corndogs each, and were heavily snacking on caramel infused rice cakes. Life doesn’t get much better than that. 
She removed the Quaker bag and tossed it off the side of her bed before glancing down at her phone again.
“Fuck!” She burst from the covers, holding her head between both hands while gaining composer. The spins disappeared after a few seconds. “Forgot I have to take care of Berkley while Tim’s gone. Can’t believe it’s already eight…”
“Berkley?” Tara asked, getting out of bed to join in whatever Lacy was about to do.
“His dog. His sister called and he left in a panic. Asked me to take care of his dog tonight. He prob won’t be back til tomorrow, I’m assuming.”
Lacy threw a light sweater over her tank top before offering one to Tara. She took it, then followed her out to the dining table where she grabbed the key. 
“Have to take him for a walk before feeding him. You can stay here if you don’t want to go.”
“Please, girl. I need the exercise. Just wait for me to make us a to-go drink, k?”
“K, but hurry. I don’t want him to come back before I do the one normal favor he’s asked of me.”
“Normal?” Tara’s brow raised in piqued interest. “Wait, don’t tell me now. Tell me when we’re on the walk.”
Lacy shrugged, smiling as she disappeared back into her bedroom to grab her phone. She shoved it in one of her sweaters front pockets and met Tara in the hallway. A purple water bottle was thrust into her hands as Tara took a sip from the matching green one. 
“All set,” she beamed.
They crossed the lawn to Tim’s house and quickly let themselves in with the key he’d left for her. 
“Don’t touch anything.” She warned her nosy friend before there’d been time to break anything. “Just follow me. Keep your arms and legs inside at all times,” she teased. 
“I won’t touch anything. Promise. You grab the dog. I’m gonna look at these pictures.”
Reluctantly, Lacy left Tara alone for the two minutes it took to secure Berkley in a leash and lead him back out into the living room. He grunted a few times, clearly having been woken up when he least expected it, but otherwise seemed happy to have the company.
“Let’s go.”
Tara set the small photo album down and followed Lacy out of the house. It was getting dark already, but neither one of them seemed to mind as they took off on a short drunk jaunt.  
“Around the block once; does that sound good?”
“Fine by me. I needed to get off my ass after consuming all that food. Girl, you’re gonna make me fat, ya know that?”
Lacy smiled wide, knocking her shoulder against Tara’s to throw her off balance.
“At least we’ll get fat together.”
They giggled, slowly making their way along the sidewalk. They’d barely made it two houses down before Tara’s interest resurfaced.
“What happened today? I know you still have a job, so why were you hiding in your bubble?”
A deep sigh flew from Lacy’s chest before taking a long drink from her water bottle. She forgot it held alcohol and nearly choked on the wine before she could swallow it.
“My mom and Barry stopped by my house. Thank God Tim was there to soften the blow. A little. I guess. Ugh, my family is soo demented.”
“Barry? Your dad? The asshole that almost got you fired?”
“The one and only.”
“Why’d they come to your house? And together?”
No one would be more surprised by that little encounter than Lacy, though Tara’s tone made it clear she knew how unlikely it was to have ever happened. 
Lacy relayed everything that happened, in full detail, over the last few days. The only information left out was of Tim’s pleasuring and her own crazy offer of mutual oral relaxation. Tara would live without knowing about those occurrences. She’d have to, since Lacy refused to enlighten her that Tim and hers friendship was starting to turn into something…else. What?—she didn’t know.
“I’m not judging, swear, but what the fuck is wrong with your mom? I mean that’s fucked up, you have to admit.”
Lacy grimaced.
“I know! I’m soo pissed off at her, but really, there’s nothing I can do to change the past. I missed out on knowing my dad because of their feud. I wish it was different. I wish my mom and dad would’ve been normal divorcee’s so I got to spend time with both of them. But what can I do? Nothing’s going to change how things went down all these years. And Barry? I actually feel a twinge of regret for how I acted toward him. And today, on my front steps, he acted calm and caring, giving me space and leaving when I asked them to. I mean, he acted normal. Which only makes me angrier at my mom.”
“Well, if you think about it, and not even very hard, the entire thing is your mom’s fault. She orchestrated all of it.”
“I—I can’t talk about this anymore. Sorry. I know you’re right, but fuck, this is just too much.”
Berkley tugged on the leash, pulling Lacy over to a bush on the corner they’d just turned. 
“Change of subject. Got it. Well, I do have some good news. You know my cousin, the one with the butterfly tats on her boobs?”
Lacy laughed. “Yeah?”
“She’s been working at that hotel in Vegas for a year now and can get us a free room next weekend if you’re up for it. Still have air miles on your card?”
“Next weekend?” Lacy’s mood skyrocketed. “Fuck yes! Just the two of us, or is Mac coming?”
“Just the two of us…we’re kinda taking a break.”
“What? What happened?”
“I don’t know…he’s just been really distant lately and when I called him on it, he just shrugged. Didn’t even say anything. Didn’t look me in the eye. So last night I left and told him to call me when he’s ready for a mature relationship.”
Lacy wrapped an arm around her besties shoulders, pulling her head down to rest on her own.
“I’m so sorry. I’ve been so wrapped up with my stupid family shit that I haven’t even noticed anything was wrong with you. Forgive me?”
“Of course, Loverface.” Tara squeezed Lacy’s waist while smiling. “I haven’t really let the entire situation set in yet. Still in the denial stage, I think.”
“He’ll come to his senses soon enough. Don’t worry. You ‘n Mac are great together.”
They un-twined themselves from their embrace only to notice they’d walked two blocks down in error.
“Oops. Turn on the next one,” Tara smiled. “And Mac is great, he really is. I don’t know what I’ll do if he doesn’t call. I mean, fuck, we’ve been together for over a year now. He’s my rock.”
“Don’t think about it now. Just wait. I’m sure he’ll come around. You know he’s busy being a bad ass cop, so just give him a couple of days to wrap his head around the situation.”
“I know, I know.”
They turned the corner, Berkley pulling, sniffing and grunting the entire way.
“And if he doesn’t call you, we’ll make sure he never forgets you…maybe even in a not so legal way. We’ll think of something, I’m sure. He’s nothing without you.”
“Thanks. I’ll hold you to that. I just need to get wasted tonight. You don’t mind that I crash at your place, do you?”
“Of course not. No one’s used my guest bedroom yet. I spent a whole day putting that room together, and more money than I care to think about on the bed. If you don’t sleep like an angel, I’ll be pissed.”
“I’m sure I’ll be out like a light as soon as my head hits the pillow, at the rate I’m drinking.” They laughed, before, “Let’s play a drinking game.”
“Now?” Lacy asked, wondering how they’d manage that on their walk. She remembered the water bottle in her hand and took another drink.
“Yes, now.” They stopped on the corner while facing back toward their destination. Home. “I’ll go first. Let’s run this block and I have to drink the entire time. Then I’ll hold the leash and you do the next block.”
“What? The whole block? Are you crazy?”
“Are you scared?”
“No. Bitch. You’re on. Go!”
Tara lifted the water bottle to her lips and took off on a slight jog, Lacy by her side the entire way to make sure she was drinking. Her throat worked, appearing to be swallowing, but it wasn’t until they stopped on the next corner and Lacy saw that most of Tara’s drink was gone that proved she’d been drinking the whole time. Only an inch or two left on the bottom. Damn.
“Shit burns like hell! I need some water. Your turn. Go!”
They switched off holding Berkley before Lacy started to chug and run. It was more difficult than it looked. Run, swallow, run, swallow, don’t fall down. She shifted her head to the side to scan the area in front of her legs to make sure she wasn’t about to trip over anything. When she finally made it to her street corner, she gasped out a breath and looked at the remains of her water bottle, smiling over at Tara when she reached her side.
“Take that, bitch! I so, totally won this round!” she spat out in-between breaths, holding up her container to show only a finger width remaining. 
“Damn, girl. Feeling it yet? I swear just walking with this lump of a dog has me feeling winded. I can’t stop smiling. I can’t believe we just played a running drinking game!”
They both laughed out loud.
“Don’t forget that you lost that game,” Lacy reminded her as they slowly but surely made their way back to Tim’s house.
“Yeah, yeah. Let’s pick up the pace. I really do need some water. My throat feels raw and my cheeks hurt from smiling so much.”
It only took a minute or so to make it back to Tim’s house and let themselves in.
Lacy led Berkley back to the laundry room, fed him, gave him a few good scratches behind the ear and on his belly, then turned off the light and shut the door behind her only to find Tara sitting on the couch, feet up, glass of water in hand while she flipped through the channels on his Plasma TV.
“What are you doing?”
“He’s got HBO! True blood’s OnDemand! He’s not home and we have no plans…why not?” she shrugged, not bothering to even pretend to be ashamed of taking advantage of someone’s home that she doesn’t even know.
“This isn’t my house. Let’s just go back to mine and watch the rest of Cougar Town.”
As she spoke, Tara hit play on an episode and the enthralling theme song started up. They both sang along, both drunk from all the wine they’d consumed, and chugged. It hit them quickly. Hard. Lacy took a seat next to Tara, blinking away the spins.
“I need food.”
Lacy spoke, but neither her or Tara looked away from the screen.
“Me too. Gimme a minute and I’ll go grab something. Can’t seem to move right now.”
It wasn’t long before their attention spans came to a very thin line and they were cracking up over the picture book on his coffee table. 
Most pictures were from his high school years. Prom. Football games. He seemed to be very involved in every activity. They were stuck howling over a picture of him and three buddies painted up in a crowd on the bleachers. Each had a letter painted on their chest, all lined up that spelled U-C-K-S. It was clear that his school mascot was either ducks or bucks, but with their drunken minds, they both pretended they were missing an F or S instead. Especially with the man standing slightly behind them with a small cardboard sign with big bubble letters that read ‘Lincoln High’.
The next time Lacy looked up from the picture to take a breath, it caught in her throat at the sight of Jalynn standing near the wall at the base of the stairs. Clad in only a mans t-shirt and a dazed look on her face, she looked innocent and young. 
Lacy jumped up, freaked out, pointing a finger at the intruder. Tara turned with a gasp to see what made her friend so jumpy.
“Stalker!” she screamed.
Jalynn screeched, jumping away from the stairs, running toward them with a serious worried expression on her face. When she leaped onto the sofa next to Lacy, who coward away from her with a scream of her own, she looked confused to find that no one was standing near the stairs where she’d been.
“Who the fuck are you?” Tara asked in a demanding tone while jumping up and planting both fists on her hips.
“M-me?” she asked. Her voice was so tiny, so quiet, Lacy immediately felt bad for obviously scaring the poor woman.
“Uh, yeah you!”
Before the conversation could move forward, Tim came barreling around the corner from the stairs with only a towel wrapped around his waist. Dripping water from the shower he’d most likely been taking, he grabbed onto the railing to balance himself to stop from being flipped off his feet. Steady, alert, and eyes wide open in concern, he did a double take as he tried to register the girl party going on in his living room.
“What the fuck, Jalynn? Why’d you scream?”
“She said stalker. I thought he was here.”
With her voice so low, it was hard to tell if he could even hear her. When his gaze shot to Lacy and then to the TV, she immediately turned bright red and started apologizing.
“I didn’t know you were here. We just brought Berkley back and then accidently starting watching TV, and then looked through your pictures, and then Jalynn was here and I panicked, and I screamed, and then she screamed, and then you came down stairs…”
She took a deep breath after gushing all that out.
His lips quirked, calming her nerves a bit, hoping he wouldn’t be as mad at her if he felt bad that she felt bad.
“Accidently started watching TV?” he grinned. “How exactly does that happen?”
He secured the towel around his waist once more before leaning his shoulder up against the wall. Jalynn, obviously tired, curled up on the sofa and watched in silence with a small smile on her face. The woman was so tiny, she fit on one of the three cushions with ease.
Tara chose that moment to butt in.
“By me hitting the power button, then snooping through your OnDemand. Blame it on me. Don’t be mad at her.”
Tim blinked.
“I’m not mad at anyone. Accept maybe Jalynn for being out of bed.”
Jalynn giggled, burying her head under an arm. 
“I heard the girls. They were laughing. I wanted to laugh.”
His whole demeanor changed in a second, going from friendly neighbor to pissed off giant in a second. Giant compared to Jalynn, that’s for sure.
“Get back to bed. Now. If you throw up on anything but the waste basket, I’ll throw you on the back porch and leave you there til morning.”
She sighed, but reluctantly, and shakily got back on her feet. Lacy reached for her instinctively when she reared forward, but let her go when she didn’t face plant.
“Hope to get to know you better soon, Misty Balls,” she whispered before disappearing again.
With her gone, Tara looked from Tim to Lacy before taking her leave, not wanting to be the third wheel.
“I’ll be next door, eating the rest of the corn dogs, if you need me.”
Neither one of them responded, but kept staring at each other until the click of the front door told them she was gone and pulled them out of the trance they’d apparently been in.
“I’m so sorry. I swear, I was just taking care of Berkley.”
“Why do you keep apologizing? Did you do something you shouldn’t have?”
She shifted on her feet, knowing she should be embarrassed but wasn’t because of all the alcohol in her.
“Other than help myself to your TV and looking through your personal belonging? No, I guess not. I didn’t know you were here. I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean to interrupt your date or anything—”
“Date? I told you I was going to help my sister.”
“Well, yes, but now Jalynn’s half naked and you told her to go back to bed.”
His grin faded while shaking his head in disgust.
“That’s repulsive. I think I might be sick.” He made a fake gagging noise. “Jalynn’s my sister, Lacy. I had fun letting you think otherwise before, but now,” he shivered. “Gross.”
Lacy rolled her eyes. 
“Sister? Yeah right.”
“Adopted sister, yes. My mom wanted a girl.”
She froze, trying to read his expression to see if he was serious or not. He was. Completely. She shook her head, suddenly too tired to berate him for his clever deceit.
“Well played, Tim Balls. Well played.”
Somehow, the sight of his toned chest and arms called out to her once more. It was different when she thought he was banging the girl up stairs, but now…he looked as delicious as ever. And he knew it, too. The way he just stood there, practically naked, while she perused his body to her heart’s desire.
“Why didn’t you answer your phone? When I couldn’t find you next door, I was worried.”
She felt around her sweater before pulling it out. Three missed calls and two texts from him.

Tim 8:44pm
Where are you?

Tim 8:50pm
Front doors unlocked and your cars in garage, but you’re not here. If I don’t hear from you in twenty minutes, I’m calling the cops.

Lacy gasped, looking back up at him.
“Shit, sorry. Forgot my phone was on silent.” She began giggling. “You didn’t call the cops, did you?”
He shook his head, not finding the situation before to have been amusing.
“No. I jumped in the shower to wash off some of Jalynn’s puke, then was gonna go looking for you again. Berkley was still gone, so I was hoping that you were just on a walk.”
“Was on a walk. And a run. We ran a little of the way.”
“You’re drunk,” he commented.
She nodded.
“Very. I should go. Sorry to interrupt your night. Berkley’s been walked, drained and fed.”
She stepped around him, silently gasping at the amount of heat she felt coming off his body from such a distance. 
“You don’t want to…come to an agreement?” he asked.
They both looked down as the towel started to rise, revealing his arousal. She quickly looked back into his eyes, breathing heavily.
“N-no. I should go. You have company and Tara’s no doubt passed out on my kitchen floor…”
Before she could blink, he gripped her arm and tugged her up against his moist chest. She sagged against him the moment his lips covered hers. So warm. So gentle. When their tongues intertwined, she moaned, wrapping both arms around his neck while plastering her body against his to feel his muscle spasm between their bodies.
Her fingers played with the wet strands of his hair while she inhaled the clean scent of soap. He felt so good against her body, beneath her fingers. Tim’s demanding, aggressive grip was unnerving and so fucking erotic she could barely think straight. When he spun her up against the wall to show her just how turned on he was, they both groaned.
 A tiny giggle stopped them mid hump.
Tim cursed, breaking away from her mouth and leaving her breathless. With his face turned to the side, she stared at his beautiful features while he yelled toward the stairs.
“Damnit, Jalynn! Go. To. Bed!”
“Ok, ok!”
Lacy heard rather than saw the tiny woman slink back upstairs. Tim took a small step back from her, readjusting the towel at his waist. With the space between them, she was able to think clearly.
“I need to go.” He didn’t protest, just followed her to his front door to let her out. “I’ll talk to you later.”
“Lacy?”
“Yes?” she breathed, still flushed and horny as hell. Please ask me to stay!
“Next time you don’t answer your phone and worry me like that, I’ll have to punish you.”
He didn’t smile, to show her how serious he was. She swallowed, letting her eyes roam over his body once more.
“Punish me?” she asked, both worried and excited at the same time.
He nodded before, “You won’t have a safe place to go without a spider falling on you.”
With a shared smile, they both left it at that before she walked back over to her house, locking the door behind her. With her head leaned back up against the door and her hand softly skimming along her lips, she couldn’t help but smile. A few seconds ticked by before she started down the hallway to check on her friend.
Tara was, in fact, passed out in the guest bedroom, fully clothed, half a corndog sticking out of her mouth.
Lacy couldn’t help but laugh as she took the remains of the food and threw it in the trash before climbing into bed herself. 
When she removed the phone from her sweater after taking it off, anticipation uncurled in her stomach to see that she’d missed yet another phone call from Tim. She was about to hit send and call him back when she got a text from him.

Tim 9:29pm
I warned you…

She quickly text him back, chewing her cheek the entire time to keep from smiling.

Lacy 9:29pm
Doesn’t count! You knew my phone was still on silent! Besides, I won’t always be able to answer my phone, so quit threatening me!

Tim 9:30pm
Fine, I’ll let that one slide. But only this once

Lacy 9:31pm
Quit bugging me and go check on your SISTER.

A few minutes later she received another text. On the verge of passing out, she wouldn’t have gotten it til the next day if she hadn’t turned the ringer back on.

Tim 9:36pm
J’s fine. You must’ve been making quite the racket to wake her from her drunken sleep…what were you laughing at?

Lacy 9:37pm
You. Night, Tim.

Lacy’s eyes couldn’t stay open any longer. Even with how early it was for a Friday night, the alcohol made it impossible to stay awake. When she heard her phone go off again, she had zero strength to pick it up and read what he wrote back.











SIXTEEN

 Tim woke with a start. The events of last night replayed in his head as he quickly got out of bed to go check on his sister in just his underwear. He yawned, scratching his head as he peeked into the guest room. The bed was made and she was gone. He rolled his eyes, going back into his room to brush his teeth. He threw on his black workout shorts before heading downstairs to lecture Jalynn.
Last night was nothing but trouble for him. First, he’d gotten the phone call from Jalynn crying hysterically…and that was before her crazy, ex, stalker freak had shown up and tried to force her to leave with him. He’d just about had her in his car when he’d pulled up, punched him, then cradled Jalynn before buckling her safely into his Jeep. That’s when the puking started. She’d at least leaned her head out the window before he pulled over and allowed her to heave for a good twenty minutes. He stopped to get napkins, bottled water and saltines at the next gas station before laying her gently in the back seat. She’d passed out until they got home. He carried her upstairs and placed her in bed, placing a waste basket next to her just in case. 
And just when he thought his worries were done for the night, Lacy was missing. He’d gone over to her house since Berkley was missing, only to find it empty, doors unlocked, her car in the garage, and Tara’s in the driveway. When she hadn’t answered her phone the first time, he thought nothing of it, but after the third time, he became anxious. Had someone attacked her? Taken her? Where was she? He decided he was overreacting and took a shower instead of calling his friend, a cop, to help look for her. They could run a trace on her phone, find out where she was, he’d decided while stepping out of the shower. 
That’s when he heard the screams. He’d recognized the first as Jalynn, but the second one… He’d about had a heart attack from the time it took him to get downstairs. Relief and anger mixed together when he’d took in the sight of his sister, perfectly fine, standing next to Lacy and Tara. 
Talk about a nightmare. Good thing his heart was in good shape, or he’d probably had a heart attack with all the stress those two women put him under.
Tim looked around his house when he came downstairs. Instead of finding Jay lounging on the couch or eating in the kitchen, there was a note on the counter. He picked it up and sat on the couch while putting his tennis shoes on. 
Thanks for getting me last night. 
I didn’t know Grant would take it this far.
I’m only glad you showed up when you did. 
Love you big brother! 
As for YOUR love life…
I’m heading over to Misty’s now to get more acquainted.
See you soon!
J~
Shit! With only one shoe tied, he sprinted to his front door, remembered Berkley, then sprinted back and let him out the back door to his fenced in yard after throwing both his food and water bowl on the deck with him. It was too warm to leave him out there all day, but at least he’d get some exercise. 
By the time he made it to Lacy’s front door he was too anxious to knock, letting himself in to the sound of laughter. At least he didn’t have to worry about them not getting along. He silently appeared in the open living room to find all three girls lounging on her couch eating cereal. He glanced at the clock on her wall. Only eight in the morning and his heart had already had enough stress. 
Lacy gasped before smiling.
“Shit, Tim. You scared me.”
The other two turned around on the couch to face him. Jay gave him a wicked smile before getting up to greet him. She threw her arms around his waist and hugged him tight. He half hugged her back, keeping his attention on the entire room to make sure this wasn’t some sort of tricky ambush. Why was she hugging him? 
“Thanks again for rescuing me.”
Lacy and Tara’s full attention was on them as if their hug was more important than the show they’d been watching. He noticed all three girls were wearing very short shorts and tank tops with no bras. His sister kept a drawer of clothes at his place, just in case, and it seemed every girl in America liked to lounge in the same attire. Or maybe just the women in his life.
“Don’t thank me yet…I haven’t even yelled at you.”
“I know,” she replied, tightening her grip for a moment before releasing him to rejoin her newfound friends. She picked up her cereal bowl and took a bite before sighing. “Ok, go ahead.”
Tim wanted to ring the girls neck. His tiny sisters neck. She will forever look too young and innocent for him to really berate her. From the first day she’d been brought home from the adoption agency, he’d taken her under his wing. When she was six and still the same size as when she was four, he vowed to protect her forever. To this day, he’s been true to his word. Whether it’s been bully’s at school, piece of shit boyfriends, or their family, he’s always stood at her side. Just as she has for him.
“You think they can protect you from me?” he asked, a small grin on his face as he moved around the couch and took a seat on the ottoman.
Jay smiled, giggling when a few drops of milk escaped her mouth. Lacy and Tara smiled at her, encouraging her to be brave.
“No, but you’ll be less harsh if you have an audience. Look, I’m sorry I went to that club alone, but I had the concert tickets and Julie and Becca backed out at the last minute. They have kids, they’re allowed to do that. You didn’t want to go, so I went alone. I was only on my second drink when that girl hit me. That’s why I was crying. I had two more drinks waiting for you to get there, and that’s when Grant showed up.”
And if Grant didn’t know where she lived, he would’ve brought her to her own house to recover.
“You did the right thing calling me. Don’t ever hesitate to call me.”
“I don’t,” she smiled.
“A girl hit you?” Lacy asked, trying to veer the story back to get the remaining details.
Jalynn’s eyes widened as she nodded her head.
“I was just sitting at the bar by myself, waiting for the band to come back on stage, when this girl comes up and slaps me, then pushes me backwards so I fall off the stool. The bartender hopped over the counter and pushed her away while she yelled at me that I’d taken her boyfriend and I was a slut and all this stuff before security kicked her out.” She shook her head, tears coming to her eyes. Lacy moved closer, wrapping an arm around her. “I don’t have a boyfriend and I didn’t steal anyone. I’ve never seen her before.”
“Just some bitch being a bitch,” Tara supplied. 
Tim shook his head. Women are crazy.
“The bartender apologized over and over and gave me free drinks after that. He talked to me while I waited for you, until he got called away. That’s when Grant showed up. He gripped my arm and ripped me off the stool. I fought him, but you know I don’t amount to anything, so I kicked him in the nuts with my heel, then took off running to the women’s bathroom. I stayed in there for a half an hour until I thought it was safe. You text me and said you were five minutes out, so I left the bathroom to be ready on the curb for you. But he was there, waiting for me. He threw me over his shoulder and ran outside with me screaming the entire way. 
“I guess people thought I was joking around, because a few people laughed, but no one helped me. I bit his ear and he let me down, dragging me toward his car. He was too strong for me, Tim.”
“Jay,” he shook his head in utter disgust while taking out his phone. “He’ll never harm you or come close to you again. I promise.” He hit send, standing and pacing while anger flew through his system. Anger, hatred, revenge…everything he didn’t want to feel. “I need a favor. You know Grant, Jay’s stalker? Well he showed up at a club and tried to kidnap her. I’m sure there’s video surveillance that will prove her story, plus I got there just as he was trying to force her into his car. And I mean force. She fought him tooth and nail before I decked him.”
He looked down at his swollen hand before suddenly feeling under the microscope. All three women were staring at him open-mouthed with looks of awe on their faces. Jalynn’s was more of a loving, thoughtful look, but was similar. His eyes narrowed, wondering why they were watching him so intently.
“I want him behind bars and a restraining order put in place immediately. Whatever it takes. Thanks.”
He hung up, stopped his pacing, then retook his seat on the ottoman.
“He’ll call back once it’s done. Do you want to press charges on the girl, too? If it’s on tape, Chris’ll find it and we can use it.”
“N-no. But, if we can find out who she is, I’d like that. She truly thought I’d taken her man. If I can find out who her man was or is, then maybe I’ll know why she hated me so much. I’ll pay for the investigation if you can set it up.”
“I’ll look into it. In the meantime, don’t go home until we have him behind bars. You can stay at my house or our parents. I don’t want him to have access to you alone. Got it?”
She nodded.
“Yes. I promise to not go home alone, but I’ll need my clothes and stuff.”
“I’ll take you to get some things after Chris and his team do a sweep of your house.”
“Is he going now?”
“I woke him up, but I’m sure they’ll be there within the hour. We’re family. He’ll get it done.”
“Thanks for doing all this.”
He rolled his eyes, feeling the stress leave his body knowing Chris would come through for them. He always did.
“Just,” he sighed.  “Don’t ever do that again. I can only handle so much stress, and I’m at my limit for this decade.”
“Promise!” she squealed, jumping up and throwing her arms around him once more. “I knew having this conversation here would be much better for the both of us. You didn’t turn purple once! I’m so proud of you!”
He didn’t care for her teasing, but he did smile in return before flipping her upside down, holding her feet in the air with ease as she dangled and laughed. A favorite game of theirs, whenever she was being ornery.  He’d been dangling her ever since he was ten. 
“I’ll turn purple later, when no one’s around to save you.”
“But I forgave you!” she giggled, trying to dig her fingers into the carpet so he couldn’t swing her from side to side. 
“What? Why did I need forgiving?”
“Because you lied about Misty Balls!”
He ceased swinging her from side to side, but her giggling continued. 
“Hey, don’t glare at me,” Lacy smiled. “She came over here and we got to talking. I didn’t want to lie to her anymore, especially now that I know she’s your sister.”
He nodded, then lowered his hands so Jalynn’s back layed against the carpet, but kept ahold of her feet so she couldn’t get away.
“I’ll make you a deal. You never show up at my house again with blind date prospects, and I’ll forgive you for all the stress in the last 24 hours.”
“Deal. But only if you go on a real date with Lacy.”
Lacy gasped, too choked up to reply to that. Her eyes held his. Tim smiled, then winked.
“Deal.”
She wriggled free of his grip, then put space between them as she continued.
“This month.”
He shot her an annoyed look. She knew him all too well.
“Fine.”
“And you have to try.”
“That’s way too many commands, little girl. You’re pushing your luck.”
She giggled.
“Thought I’d try for as much as I could.”
He rolled his eyes, then looked back at Lacy.
“You all seem to have everything under control here, so I’m going for my run.”
Without waiting for a reply, or caring if there was one, he took off, shutting the front door behind him before running a full five miles to burn off his aggression.










SEVENTEEN

Lacy threw her head back and laughed for the millionth time that morning. After only a handful of hours, she already loved and cherished Jalynn. Tara was coming around, opening up and smiling, but still sat on the other side of the couch like a pouting kid whose toy was taken away. Lacy chose to ignore her. It’s not like she was going anywhere. She still loved and cherished Tara, but Jalynn was the one talking and trying to make friends.  If they got a minute alone, she’d demand to know what Tara’s problem was.
She hadn’t been overly rude, just not her typically happy, talkative self.
And that’s when it hit her. She remembered her and Mac were currently taking a break.
Lacy stood, gathering up the dishes from their fruit, egg and toast brunch and placed them in the sink. 
“You guys wana lay in the backyard and try to get a tan?”
Though the drapes were drawn in the living room to prevent glaring on the TV, she could see it was a bright, sunny day with hardly a cloud in the sky from the kitchen.
Tara leaped up, opening the drapes to get a good look.
“If I can borrow a swimsuit, razor and shower.”
Lacy smiled back at her. 
“Of course.”
Jalynn bounced over to the slider door, her long black hair shining like she’d just washed it, and hadn’t spent the night sweating and throwing up. If it had been Lacy, her hair would’ve been stuck to her face, greasy, and with a headache from hell.
“I’ll go grab some things from Tim’s and meet you both out there,” she smiled. 
It was as if everything they did and said made her smile. Does anything put her in a bad mood?
“Great. I’ll leave the door unlocked.”
Lacy quickly changed, grabbed up some magazines, pillows and beach towels, then setup camp in the middle of her backyard. She got situated on the towel furthest left, hoping Tara would be in the middle and open up a little when she came out. 
It wasn’t long before Tara descended the deck steps wearing her purple and white stripped bikini, making her laugh when she did a cartwheel before laying on the middle towel and grabbing up a magazine.
“Hey, you ok? Has he texted you?”
Before answering she covered her eyes with sunglasses.
“Nope. But I’m ok. Just angry. I can’t believe he’s just going to let me go.”
“He won’t. It’s been what, 48 hours?”
“Yeah.”
“And is he working?”
“He has Monday off.”
“Then give him til Monday.”
“I know. I will. It’s just so frustrating. It’s not like he doesn’t have time to pick up his phone and send me a text.”
“We’ll kick his ass together. Promise.”
Lacy linked her fingers through Tara’s and gave her a gentle squeeze. Tara finally smiled wide.
“Alright, enough. No more down time. I can stay til around three, but then I’ve gotta go help my mom get ready for her boyfriend’s birthday dinner.”
“K.”
Jalynn’s tiny form suddenly stood on top of her deck, pushing the slider closed with all her might. She joined them with a smile while Tara and Lacy stared back in amusement. Wearing her bra and the shorts she’d been in earlier, large sunglasses covering most of her face, and an ecstatic smile revealing perfectly straight, white teeth, she looked every bit a child.
Tara started giggling.
“Girl, you get cuter every time I see you. How’s that possible? Do men throw themselves at you everywhere you go?”
Jay giggled, laying out on the last remaining towel without even coming close to having her feet hang off the end. Though Lacy bought extra-long and wide towels, it still didn’t seem fair that the woman was so dainty.
“I wish. I think they’re scared of me…or of squishing me if we were to have a relationship. And girls usually don’t like me because I’m small and giggle too much.”
“Or because you’re cute as shit and they’re jealous,” Tara supplied.
“Cute as shit? Is shit cute?” Jay asked, seeming to be honestly curious.
They all laughed.
“Just an expression, girl. Fine, you’re cute as a little bitty puppy. Ya know, where you just want to squeeze them or put them in your pocket and take them everywhere?”
“Thanks for the compliment. I wish more girls were like you guys. I don’t usually get compliments.”
“What do you usually get?” Lacy asked, propping up on her elbow to look at her. 
“Usually? ‘You speaka English?’ or ‘Watch out! The Asian’s driving!’”
That brought some more laughs. Lacy threw back her head and enjoyed the burn in her stomach from laughing too much. Jalynn’s perfect to have around and get a workout. 
The sound of clicking brought all three heads swiveling to the fence where Tim had his hands propped up, taking pictures of them with his phone.
“Creepy much?” Tara exclaimed while rolling over to her stomach.
“Not much. I’ve got to have proof that Jalynn made new friends, or mom will never believe me.”
“Oh, so it’s a humanitarian act. I see.”
“Obviously.” He lowered his phone and winked at Lacy. She couldn’t help but smile back. Feeling brave, she remained on her side, not bothering to cover the goods he’d already seen up close and personal.
“Want to join us? Or just stand and stare?” she asked, biting her cheek when his glorious smile broke out.
“No!” Jalynn yelled. “He’s not invited or he’ll ruin everything!”
“Everything?” His hand came up to his heart while acting hurt. “Just for that, I’m leaving you with our parents when we go for dad’s birthday dinner tonight.”
“What? No!”
“Yep.”
“No! If you leave me there, I swear I’ll hurt you.”
“Hurt me? How are you going to do that?”
“Very easily.”
Lacy watched as they stared each other down, seeing who’d back off and cave first. When a full minute passed, she blew out a sigh and rolled her eyes.
“Are you done interrupting girl time? Leave your poor sister alone. She’s been through enough.”
His gaze cut to Lacy’s, instantly changing from challenging to hot. At least, that’s the impression she got. Or maybe his gaze just made her hot.
When his eyes drifted up to her house with a suspicious look, she jumped to her feet, narrowing her eyes at him in warning. She didn’t need some trap waiting for her when she went back inside later. When she blinked, he took off running toward his gate to the front yard. Lacy squealed, running back up her deck steps while yelling, “I’ll be right back!” to her friends below. 
She cursed when her left big toe hit the stair, stubbing it with enough force to blank out her mind in pain. But she pushed through after only a few moments, sliding the door open and sprinting past her living room and down the hallway to lock the front door before Tim could get in. Since the garage door was closed, that’d be his only point of entry…for now. 
The smile on her face wouldn’t cease. She even started giggling the closer she got to her door. With her hand out stretched, her heart pounding, she reached the door and turned the lock before checking out her peephole. A picture of two dogs humping each other stared back at her. She shook her head, then let out a yelp when hands encircled her from behind.
“Thought you could beat me?” Tim asked, not releasing her.
Her entire body warmed all over with his hands on her hips. His thumbs moved up and down, only exciting her more. 
It must’ve been the adrenaline rushing through her veins, she told herself as she turned in his arms, plastering herself to his hard body and thrusting her tongue into his mouth. He immediately responded, lifting her with ease and trapping her between him and the wall by the stairs before his hands skimmed up her sides, not stopping until both of her breasts were being squeezed with his hands. 
She moaned, rotating her hips against his erection, practically coming unglued while trying to get closer and closer to him. Her nails dug into his shoulders, then moved up to his head while she ravaged his mouth. 
He broke the kiss and trailed his lips over to her ear, still massaging her breasts and tweaking her nipples through the thin triangle material of her bikini.
“So eager for release,” he chuckled softly into her ear before licking the shell, causing a shudder to run down her body.
“You aren’t?” she panted, stilling her rocking hips immediately.
“Oh, I am. It just makes it even more enjoyable knowing you want it too.”
She nodded, locking her eyes on his lips before replying in a breathy voice.
“Can I take care of you now?” Her hands trailed over his shoulders before resting on his pecs. “I mean, you were so heroic last night…let me take away some of the stress for you.”
His breath hitched, locking eyes with her once more before rolling his hips against her, letting her feel just how badly he wanted that.
“Can’t say no to a pretty lady,” he teased, nipping at her chin before taking her mouth again. 
Tasting of coffee, she licked his tongue and savored his flavor. 
Much to her disappointment, he slowly ended the kiss and let her down to her feet.
“Not right now. I’ve gotta go into town and pick up my dads present, then take Jalynn home before we go to his party…but how about tonight, if I don’t get home too late?”
She made a face, but nodded.
“Sounds good. Want me to take care of Berkley again? Oh, I still have your key, if you want it back.”
“Yes and no,” he smiled, looking down at her as if she’d said something cute. “Keep it. I’ve got another. You’ll need it to take care of Berkley whenever I’m gone.”
“Ok.” With a wicked gleam, she placed her hand over his erection and rubbed her fingers over the solid muscle while staring into his eyes. “Sure you don’t want me to take care of you now?” she purred.
He groaned, removing her hand while taking a step back.
“You’re a bad influence on me. I’ll have to take a cold shower now, before leaving.”
“I’m sure I could get it done faster—”
“No. Stop it,” he laughed. “I’m not sure when I’ll be back tonight, or if Jay will be with me, or what kind of mood I’ll be in after seeing my dad, but I’ll call you.”
“Fine. But turn me down again and I’ll develop a complex. Fair warning.”
“Noted. Send Jalynn over in an hour, please. And for the love of God, wear more clothes whenever I’m around.”
He left after swatting her butt, dodging to avoid her retaliation.
With an extra pep in her step and a sappy smile on her face, she skipped back to the kitchen, made up a batch of mango margaritas, then rejoined her friends on the lawn who were deep in discussion about the latest thing the Kardashian’s had done.
“Drink time!” she announced, which was followed by a few squeals and laughter.
Once both of the girls left, she’d need to pass out for a few hours just to make the time go by faster. She couldn’t wait to see Tim again, looking forward to seeing him in his birthday suit and showing him what she could do with her mouth.
Two refills in, they broadened their topics to talk about.
“Sorry about putting you on the spot by making Tim ask you out, but I haven’t seen him come out of his shell and smile like this in a long time. You’re good for him, whether you’re pretending to be his girlfriend or not.”
Jay’s words slightly comforted Lacy…while also broaching the subject she’d been dying to talk about. Tim. 
“Don’t sweat it. He’s fun to be around. Most of the time.”
“Yeah, he is. And was before Satan entered his life.”
“Satan?” Tara asked. She too wanted more details on his life, but only in a helpful way to know whether or not he was relationship material. The lust between the two was almost unbearable at times. It’d be better to nip it at the bud if he can’t have a relationship. If Lacy knew he couldn’t, the chances of her heart getting broken again would slim down.
“His ex-wife.” Jalynn’s lip came up in a snarl.
“Wow. That’s the first time you haven’t smiled since we’ve met,” Tara pointed out, even more interested now. “What happened?”
“Don’t you mean when Satan left his life?” Lacy asked, a little confused. The story he told started with happiness, only ending in misery.
“Nope, I mean entered. The moment he met the gold-digging whore he changed. He’d smile, sure, but only when glancing at his wife. Who was usually across the room flirting with some of our parents’ wealthy friends. And—” She paused, biting her lip. “I’m not actually sure I should be talking about this.”
“Girl, you can’t stop now!”
Jay giggled at the anxious look on their faces. 
“Ok, ok. Well, I could tell from the beginning that she was only after money. Not that he’s hard to look at, but she was still only there for the money. I tried talking to him about it, but he thought I was crazy. That she was head over heels in love with him and that she showed it to him in private.”
“Gag! Which means she wasn’t afraid to do things in the bedroom,” Tara helpfully supplied.
“Yeah, that’s what I’m thinking. So they got married, he built her her dream home, he got in a horrific car accident that almost left him paralyzed, then she cheated on him.”
Jay didn’t specify who, but Lacy shared a private nod to let her know she understood who.
“It’s highly doubtful that it was the first time, but he caught her red handed. As if the last couple of years hadn’t done enough damage to him, he then drank himself into a stupor and refused to talk to anyone for months. He moved in here and has only allowed me to visit. I don’t think any of his old friends even know where to find him. So anyways, long story short, I want him to be back to normal. Back to teasing, smiling and having fun. Life’s too short and he’s too talented to waste away. That’s why I’m so glad he met you.”
“Why me? Trust me, I’m just good at retaliating. We have a mutual agreement not to push each other too far, but to just have fun with pranking. Not that it’s my first choice. I’d simply settle for being his friend, feeding his plants and dog when he goes out of town, but he insists that laughter’s the best medicine.”
“He hasn’t pulled his pranks since dating Lucy before Nicole. We all thought she was the one, but she couldn’t handle him. He wasn’t ready to completely grow up and settle down, so she left. I think his heart was still broken when he met Nicole, and just never fully recovered.”
“Where’s Lucy now? Maybe you should track her down and see if she’s available.” Tara seemed completed engrossed in the outcome of Tim’s affairs. 
“I still talk to her every few months. She’s married, two kids, the whole shebang.”
“Damn. Well, I’m not about to let my girl here get reeled in with Tim’s looks and antics only to be pummeled by his childishness and commitment issues.”
“Oh, agreed. If he wasn’t ready, I wouldn’t have insisted on the date. He’s ready.”
Tara and Jay turned, studying Lacy for a moment before she stirred, sitting upright.
“Stop staring at me. It makes me uncomfortable.”
“Sorry,” Jay giggled, turning back to her magazine and drink.
“That’s it. I’m leaving. You girls are bad for my self-esteem.” Tara rose, grabbing up her towel and glass, smiling at Lacy. “Gotta go home and shower before heading to my mom’s. I’ll call you later.”
“Bye. Thanks for hanging out!”
“It was nice meeting you!”
Left by their selves, Lacy got a smidge braver.
“You think he’ll talk to your dad tonight?”
Jay snorted.
“I’m surprised he’s even going. Mom must’ve done a good guilt trip on him.”
Lacy didn’t know how to respond to that. Has he told his sister he plans to reconcile? Or how? It wasn’t her place to bring it up.
“So, you have a stalker.” A statement, meant to change the subject. “An ex boyfriend?”
“Yeah, dated for a few months until he turned psycho. He broke up with me, and when it didn’t faze me, it bothered him something nasty. Went deranged. Tim came and removed him from my house along with his few belongings, and making sure he didn’t have a key to the place.  I haven’t seen him since, until last night.” She shuddered. “And I wish never to again. Last night was a bunch of firsts for me, and I hope never to repeat them.
“I can’t believe anyone would slap you. You’re so damn lovable!”
Another giggle.
“Thanks. The bartender shared your sentiments. And he was cute. Really cute. Maybe I can go back there sometime and get his number.”
“Where were you?”
“The Rocker.”
“The Rocker? That’s over two hours away!”
“I know! Shhh. Don’t let Tim hear you or he’ll get all hyped up again.” They searched the lawns, making sure he was nowhere in sight.  “It was a daytime show. It would’ve been safe if my friends had gone, the girl hadn’t slapped me and Grant hadn’t shown up.”
Lacy laughed, rolling her eyes.
“Clearly luck wasn’t on your side. Seems like everything that could’ve gone wrong, did. At least Tim got to you in time.”
She nodded.
“He has a knack for rescuing damsels. I seem to be his most loyal customer.”
“He seems like a really great guy. Issues and all, he’s a catch. Why have you been trying to set him up with so many women?”
“I just wanted him to get out of his house, for reasons other than work. I only got him to go on two dates in the last couple years, and both he was miserable and the women never cared that he didn’t call. I have a feeling that with you it’ll be way different. Even if you’re just friends, at least he’ll get out and do something.”
“You’re a good sister. Reminds me of the relationship I have with my cousins. Since I’m an only child, they’ve always been there for me. Even when I really don’t want them to be.”
“Sounds like family,” Jalynn giggled. 
“What sounds like family?” Tim asked, suddenly standing on Lacy’s back deck.
They both sat up, realizing fun time was over.
“Quit eavesdropping! It’s so unattractive.”
“I wasn’t eavesdropping, Soy Sauce, you just didn’t hear me when I came out. Let’s go.”
“So bossy,” she whispered back. Lacy smiled at their banter. “Thanks for hanging out with me, Lace. I’m looking forward to spending more time with you. I’ll bring dinner over next week and make sure you’re invited.”
“Sounds good. See you later!”


They hugged it out. A smile tugged at Tim’s lips when his pint sized sister tried to help pick up, only to be shooed away and assured it would be taken care of.
“Thanks again!” she called, joining him on the deck. “Don’t want to give Lace a hug goodbye?” she asked, devilish look in her eye.
“Lacy hates being called Lace.”
“Now you tell me.”
“Now you know.”
“At least wave.”
“I’ll see her later. It’s not like this is goodbye forever.”
Jalynn stomped her foot, narrowing her eyes at her big brother. 
“Wave, or I’ll make sure dad seeks you out and hounds you, cornering you so you’re stuck with him for hours tonight.”
His mouth parted in shock. 
“What the hell’s gotten into you?”
Her eyes softened.
“I just…like her. I want you to be nice to her, even if you’re not going to date her.”
Tim’s eyebrows rose, staying raised until he nodded and turned back toward the railing.
“Oh, Lacy?” he called.
Yes, Jay thought. If he’s back to teasing, he still likes the girl.
“Oh, Tim?” Lacy called back, a sparkle in her eye and a small smile on her face.
These two got it bad! Jay mused, happy to help them move their relationship along in any way possible.
“I’m so terribly sorry for having to depart with Jalynn. Can you ever forgive me?”
Lacy pretended to think about it, before, “I suppose something could be arranged.”
“Dinner? Let’s say, Monday?”
“Sounds good. Have a good time with your family tonight. I’ll walk and feed Berkley, so don’t worry about rushing home.”
“Thanks. I’ll let you know if I’ll be home early tonight…so we can finish our…game.”
“Perfect. Don’t rush. Bye!”
“Good bye, fairest Lacy.”
Lacy’s smile widened as her eyes rolled around, shaking her head in almost embarrassment. 
“Leave! Before I call the cops. And if there’s one single trap setup inside my house, or yours, waiting for me, I’ll move away.”
“Promises, promises.”











EIGHTEEN

Despite his surroundings and unwelcomed conversation, Tim couldn’t help but smile. Amongst the dressed up, scattered groups of the state’s wealthiest men and women—and their dates, hired or not— his thoughts remained on Lacy, and her alone. 
His mother, beautiful as ever with only a smidge of gray on each side of her temple, wore a long black dress that trailed behind her in a train of her wake. She demanded respect, and that’s what she received. None of the elite socialites knew of the affair years earlier, and if they did, it was an alleged affair. Nothing could ever be confirmed and the parties involved sure as shit weren’t going to talk about it. Even Nicole. She’d signed a contract in front of a judge stating she’d never talk about their entire family, or else be prosecuted and behind bars for an undisclosed amount of years, in exchange for the two million and change he’d given her. Along with a much coveted high-rise condo.
Over the course of the two hours he’d been back in his childhood home, his mother had cornered him with a prospective future wife every fifteen minutes. Only the knowledge that he’d be driving home soon kept him from binge drinking. Drinking meant he’d have to stay longer. Instead he sipped on his diet Coke and smiled politely, making the occasional comment back to the most persistent woman who simply couldn’t take no for an answer.
Not that he’d been rude. He flat out told each and every one of them that he wasn’t interested in a relationship and immediately apologized if his mother had given any false promises. Most of them had smiled, stayed for a few moments, then moved on, but there was one currently at his side, short, silver dress barely covering her gigantic breasts and tiny thighs, a deep purple shade of lipstick on her thin lips, and her peroxide hair pulled tightly back into a bun. She wouldn’t leave. Even when he’d taken out his phone and sent a text, not listening to a word she was saying, she still remained by his side, trying to change his mind. 
“Wana get out of here?” she settled on saying after his gaze had landed on anything but her for over a minute.
He was so surprised by her words that he actually looked back at her, mouth agape. 
“I mean, these things can be quite boring, don’t you think.”
He stifled a laugh.
“My dad’s birthday? Agreed.”
“Oh, I just meant these type of parties. Where everyone dresses up and pretends they’re happy. I have nothing against your family.”
A few bats of her eyelashes, and she thought he was a done deal…until he started laughing.
“What’s so funny, dear?”
That’s when his mother so gracefully blessed them with her presence once more. 
“Oh, just your attempts at hooking me up.”
The woman finally left after a nod from his mother. Relieved, he took a swig of his drink hoping to taste a hint of whiskey, but was sadly disappointed once again.
“Could you at least attempt to get to know one of these women?” she whispered, smile on her face as they slowly walked along to where his grandparents sat. 
“None of these women can hold my interest beyond a second, and that’s only because I’m human and they’re displaying their boobs—”
“Enough!” She pursed her lips in disapproval, nose held high. “I’m only asking you to be civil.”
“I’m civil, mother. Why would you invite them to dad’s birthday?”
“It’s the first time you’ve been back in years. Who knows when I’ll get another chance?”
“Indeed. You can ease your mind and quit worrying about my love life. I have a date on Monday.”
“Please,” she scoffed, then turned the conversation as they approached her father. “Daddy, look who’s here. Timothy.”
Tim took the empty seat next to his grandpa after kissing his grandmother who got up to leave.
“Hey, grandpa.”
“Timothy! My boy! It’s been so long!” 
“It has. How’s that knee treating you?”
“Good, good. Got that operation and…” he trailed off, waiting until his daughter was completely out of ear shot. “She’s gone. Why are you here?”
“Mom played the guilt card.”
“Of course she did. Why she just doesn’t leave that scumbag is beyond me.”
“Divorce in her social circle is like being a leper. They get out cast and that’s something she’s highly afraid of. She loves her status.”
“Hogwash. She can find another man who will treat her right.”
“Agreed, old man. But it’s her life. The only reason she hasn’t pushed me so much is because I’ve backed off on her. I’d like to keep it that way.”
They shared a look that said everything. No one in the family knew that they got together and shared coffee once a month. Not even grandma, who was currently being ushered through the buffet line. 
“Alright. Seeing any body?”
“Naw. I’ve got a pretend date on Monday, though. She’s a friend. Next door neighbor actually. Fun to be around, great personality.”
“Sounds like a keeper.”
“Sounds like trouble. I’m done with that. Besides, she’s got a messed up family life as well. We both don’t need the headache and drama a relationship is sure to bring.”
“Uh, huh. Bring her to coffee in two weeks.”
“I—”
“That wasn’t a request.”
Tim smiled, laughing at his companion.
“Sure.  I’ll invite her, but no promises.”
“Here comes your mother.”
“Love you, gramps.” He kissed his forehead while vacating the seat before his mom could corner him again.
He made a quick escape out of the back opening of the gigantic white tent currently taking up a small amount of space in his parents ten acre greened back yard. Not a dry spot in the lawn anywhere to see. As perfect as always.
The sun was starting to set, casting a beautiful orange and purple glow in the sky. He took a seat in one of the many plush chairs on the back patio, kicking his feet up on another while loosening his tie. 
“Stripping already?” Jalynn asked, closing the door behind her before taking a seat next to him. “You look nice all dressed up. You should take Lacy somewhere nice, so she can see you like this.”
He rolled his eyes, checking his phone again at the mention of Lacy.
“On a Monday? She’ll be just fine if I wear jeans and a t-shirt. She’s not like the women here, thank God.”
“I know that. But if she sees you like this, it’ll be harder to mess things up. Trust me. She has the hots for you.”
He turned to face his sister, noticing her dark purple silk dress was barely a wisp of fabric. She shrugged away his glare, knowing he didn’t approve but not caring in the least. 
“Hots for me, huh? What did she tell you?”
“Oh, no. I’m not telling you anything, Captain Obvious. You both want each other. Anyone and everyone can see it.”
“What did she say about me?” he asked, standing to loom over the tiny woman. 
“Nothing.”
“Liar.”
“Am not.”
“Are too.”
Jalynn started giggling. Her brother stood over six feet, two hundred pounds of practically all muscle, handsome, smart, rich…and here he was playing ‘I’m bigger and stronger so tell me’ at thirty five years of age. She loved that about him. Loved that no matter what shitty hand he’d been dealt, though miniscule to other people’s problems, he refused to lose his childish side. He’d make a great dad. He’d make a great husband. Hell, she knew he craved it. Wanted it more than the money he gave her every month. 
A healthy chunk of cash was deposited into her bank account every month. And every month she took half and gave it to a charity, then placed the rest in a savings account for him. He may not want it, but he has about a half million dollars waiting for him, should he need it.
She may not have a job that pays the bills, but her mother takes care of her. Aside from giving her a monthly allowance, she has savings and trust funds that haven’t even been touched. If it weren’t for her brother, she might have turned into one of the women here tonight, and that scared her. A lot. 
“I promise she didn’t say anything about you. Not to me. She just met me and I’m your sister, so she probably never will.” She snapped her fingers. “Oh, but she loves hearing about you. Her face lights up and everything.” She noted his smile in return. “I mentioned how happy you look lately, that’s all.”
“Uh, huh.”
“Is that her that you keep texting?”
“Her and Chris, yes.”
Jay bit her lip, trying not to smile too wide to show her excitement.
“Ok, well I’m staying here tonight.”
“You sure?”
“Positive.” She stood, walking backwards toward the tent and away from him. “You made your appearance. Go.”
As if he needed any further prompting.
“Don’t get your hopes up,” he called before she disappeared. The warning might’ve been for the both of them, though he’d never admit that. Not now. 
A hand landed on his shoulder. He turned to find none other than his father standing next to him, almost smiling.
“It’s good to see you here.”
Tim’s mouth opened, but he couldn’t find the words. Nothing appropriate came to mind, and that only enraged him. Flashbacks and pain flew through his mind and body. He took a step back, severing the contact, before turning to leave.
“I’m not ready,” he said over his shoulder while retreating at an almost jogging pace.
There was no reply. He was glad. There was nothing more to say between the men at this point. 
He got in his Jeep and quickly sped away before pulling over to bang his hands against the steering wheel and curse out loud.
When his phone rang he took a deep breath and answered it.
“Hello?”
“Oh, uh, hi. It’s me, Lacy.” His gruff tone threw her off balance.
“Is everything alright?”
With his luck, his house had burned to the ground.
“Yes, of course. I’m sitting on your couch with Berkley, hope you don’t mind.” She sounded warm. Comfortable. He wished he was home on his couch with her right now. “I’m sorry to bother you at your family thing, but I wanted to ask if it’d be alright for me to watch your TV. There’s a movie marathon on and—”
She stopped mid-sentence when he started to chuckle. 
“That’s fine Lacy.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely. Just do me a favor; If Tara comes over, hide all the embarrassing photos of me so she doesn’t goad me for the rest of my life. When she left today she commented on the black suspenders in my prom photo.”
The sound of her laugh did things to his body that he didn’t quite understand. It was a laugh. How is that sexy?
“Sorry about that, but it’s just me for tonight.”
“Alright, well I’m heading to meet Chris before coming home. There’s some paperwork and stuff that needs to be taken care of for the restraining order.”
“Oh! Did they find him?”
“At his house with two suitcases full of clothes…one of them was for Jay.”
“Oh, no! What a fucking creep, Tim! It’s a damn good thing you have a friend on the force who took care of this so quickly.”
“My thoughts exactly. I haven’t told Jalynn that part yet. I think she’s been through enough lately.”
“I won’t say anything, promise.”
He smiled into the phone.
“I won’t be back til about ten, probably. Make yourself at home. I think there’s popcorn in the cupboard somewhere.”
She giggled.
“Please. It’s a movie marathon, Tim. A girl always comes prepared. I’ll clean up after myself. If you’re not back when it’s done, I’ll lock up when I leave.”
All the more reason to hurry home and see her.
“Bye, Lacy.”
“Bye, Tim.”
Was that longing in her voice? 
He hoped so, while at the same time he didn’t. A relationship would be problematic for both of them, he told himself for the hundredth time.










NINETEEN

“Behind you!”
“Watch out, you stupid-ass girl!”
“Eeekkk!”
Lacy smiled at her friends’ comments, while desperately clutching the throw pillow to her chest as the masked murderer silently snuck up on his next victim.
A Scream marathon with her friends via Skype on her Ipad had kept them busy for the last three hours. The end of the second movie was closing in and Lacy’s heart was having problems. Sure she’d seen these before, but it’s been years. At least she wasn’t alone. Technically. Berkley was asleep at her feet on the end of the couch, while Tara, Paula, Sara and Becky watched with her from their perched spot on the coffee table in front of her. She couldn’t see them, but could definitely hear them.
A few stabs later and the girl’s writhing came to an end, much like her life.
“Oh, snap, girl! Maybe you should’a run like a real person, and not like a Barbie, and you would’a lived.”
“Tara, not all of us have your athletic ability,” Lacy countered. 
“Doesn’t matter. If you really thought your life was in danger, you’d fight for all it was worth, not dilly dally and hope the killer changes his mind once he’s up close and personal. Honestly, you white girls are dumb.”
They all laughed at that, loving Tara’s personality.
The credits started rolling a short time later. All the girls used that time for potty breaks, drink and snack refills, while Lacy grabbed another glass of water from Tim’s kitchen. She’d drank her fill the last few days already. It was time for a break. Especially since she was watching a scary movie. It’s bad enough to scream at the TV in horror, but to scream and pee? That’d be much, much worse. Especially when not in her own home.
When they’d started the first movie, it had still been a little light out, but now it was completely dark. Walking home – even just next door—was going to be difficult for her. 
“Next one! And hurry, I just heard the baby and I need to have an excuse for Jack to go get him instead of me.”
“Gotcha, Becky. It’s starting now.”
Lacy checked the screen to make sure all of her friends were ready before fast forwarding to the movie.  They all heard Becky side whisper to her husband that she was in the middle of a movie and it was his turn, before he grunted but did as he was told. 
Even before the first kill, Lacy whispered, “I wish Berkley was awake to protect me.”
She heard the girls’ whispered giggles. They had met Berkley, making him bark at the screen while they all called to him at once, before they started the first movie. She’d dished a little about Tim, but always changed the subject to something else before the questions got too personal. Tara kept her mouth shut about him, helping her out.
“What was that?” Sara asked, before Becky chimed in with, “Did you see that?”
“What?” Tara and Lacy asked at the same time.
“There was just something in your window, Lacy. It reflected off the TV.”
“Ha. Ha. Very funny.” She played it off, but tensed inside.
“No, I’m serious.”
Lacy, against her better judgment, turned to face the window instead of the screen. Nothing was there but she hit pause and turned the Ipad for all the girls to see.
“You mean the tree branch?”
She grabbed up her Ipad and held it up to the window with her own face. It was dark in the room, so no glare emitted except for the light from the device. All the girls were silent while searching the darkness. The branch swayed near the window again, but nothing jumped out and no murderous fiends lurked.
“Hmm. Must’ve been the branch, but I could’ve sworn I saw something white.”
“Me too.”
“Racist’s,” Tara whispered.
They all giggled again, but kept their eyes focused outside.
“Ok, it was a branch. Let’s just watch the movie.”
Lacy turned back around, placed the Ipad back in position, then screamed her head off with the rest of the girls when a masked man shot up from the ground directly in front of the TV wielding a knife.
Berkley squealed in confusion before growling and leaping off the couch toward the intruder, taking turns biting his leg and barking.
“OhmiGOd, ohmiGod, ohmiGod!” Sara chanted, while Tara started screaming profanity and warnings. Becky and Lacy settled for straight up screaming. 
Sara and Becky’s husbands came barreling into their rooms to save them, their heads popping into view just as Tim removed the Scream mask with a proud smile on his face. Both hands came up to cover Lacy’s face. On the verge of tears, she didn’t want him to see them. He moved his attention to the screen with her friends terrified faces, and pissed off husbands next to them. 
“Apologies. I didn’t know Lacy’s friends would be here; just wanted to scare my friend.”
The men, much to all of the women’s horror, started to laugh. 
“Nice, man.”
“Lucky bastard.”
“Lucky?” Becky squeaked. 
“If I’da done that, you would’ve killed me.”
“Tim, you stupid piece! Don’t you know how little Lacy can handle? If I was there right now I’d kick you in the balls. If she’s crying, I’ll kill you. Turn the screen around! Let me see her!” If Tara was supernatural, she’d find a way to come through the screen to make good on her threats.
Lacy loved her friends to death, but didn’t want them to retaliate against him, so she wiped her face and put a smile in place just as the screen was turned in her direction.
“I’m fine. Sorry ladies, but movie night is over.”
“It’s alright,” and “See you laters,” were called as she disconnected, then hid her face from Tim again. 
She heard his laughter before he took the seat next to her, pulling Berkley onto his lap to calm him down.
“Sorry,” he said, sounding anything but. “I have an app on my phone that tells me what my TV’s watching, so I thought I’d add a little more scare to the old movies for you.”
“And you just carry around that costume?” she spat.
“It was in my garage. Snuck in and got it before coming in the front door.”
From underneath the blanket—which smelled like him so wasn’t helping—Lacy calmed her nerves and stopped her tears. Retaliation, retaliation, retaliation, she chanted. Oh, she was for sure getting him back for this one. Not only had he scared her stupid, but her friends had been there to witness everything. 
“Lacy?” 
She remained under the blanket, but moved to curl up on her side. The blanket lifted up a fraction, letting light in, before he dropped it down once more. He got up and turned on the light before coming back. This time when he lifted the blanket, Berkley came into view before being shoved inside with her. He nestled into the space by her stomach after licking her face.
“Is it safe, Berkley?” he asked, making her smile. “One bark for yes, thirty for no.”
Berkley barked when the word was supplied. Of course he’d only bark once. Lacy laughed. Thirty? One or thirty? Lacy pet the dogs head, rolling her eyes just as Tim poked his own inside the makeshift tent. 
“Like he’d bark thirty times.”
He smiled from his kneeling position next to her. It was all she could do not to smile back. He’s just so damned adorable. And with her adrenaline rush, all she wanted to do was pounce on him. 
“Who knows? I mean, I was really hoping just for one, but if it’d been thirty, I would’ve stayed out.” Berkley leaned forward and licked Tim’s hand that was resting against the edge of the couch. “You alright?” he asked, sincerity dripping from his tone. 
“Just peachy. Ya know, I could’ve peed my pants all over your couch.”
He took a large, noticeable breath.
“Smells safe to me,” he teased. 
“This time,” she whispered. “God, Tim. Why do you have to scare me? Why?”
She threw the blanket off their heads and sat up to confront her bully. Her cute, sexy, fun, bully.
“I told you; I like making you laugh and smile.”
“And cry?”
“Not cry. I won’t do anything this up close anymore. And perhaps only in daylight?”
She cracked, smiling up at him while he thought out loud.
“That would be nice.”
“Do I at least get points for taking down my trap from today? You warned me, so I took it down. That makes up for this, right?”
“Sure, Tim. Whatever makes you feel better.”
She waited for him to stand before she could, then gathered up her trash and glass of water, taking them to the kitchen to dispose of. 
“You aren’t mad at me?” he asked after putting Berkley in his room for the night.
“Nope.”
“Not even a little?”
“Nope.”
He eyed her before pulling the costume over his head to reveal the dark gray suit pants and white dress shirt he’d been wearing. Her intake of breath caught his attention before she diverted her gaze.
Lacy looked at the man in front of her, looking sexy as sin in his dress clothes. To die for attractive. James Bond worthy. She licked her lips, looking away when he noticed her staring.  She needs to get out of here. Now.
“I should go.”
She left him in the kitchen to go fold the blanket she’d used, then placed it back in the dark wicker basket next to the couch, turned off the TV, then grabbed her Ipad and phone before meeting him at his door where he stood with his shoulder leaning against the wall, looking all…all….too good to be true. 
“Thanks for letting me use your TV. I’ll be sure to remind myself never to do that again.”
He laughed silently. She watched his chest move beneath the soft fabric of his shirt. 
“Please, Lacy, forgive me. I like having you over here. Feel free to come over whenever.”
“Well, we all know you have no problem barging into my house…”
“True. But you’re the one who leaves her door unlocked.”
She grimaced. Damn, he’s right.
“A problem I’ll surely fix.” He opened the door when she reached for it, then held it open to finish their goodbye.  “I’ll see you around, Mr. Bond.”
“Bond?”
“You look like Bond or someone equally as lethally sexy and dangerous.”
Shutup! Too late, she’d said it out loud.
“Do I now? Well, I’ll make sure to wear it on our date.”
She blushed, taking a step back from him.
“We’re really going on a date? You don’t have to. You can just tell Jalynn that we did.”
“You think I’m doing this only for the benefit of my sister?”
She wanted to say yes, but didn’t.
“I don’t think anything. I was just letting you know that it wasn’t necessary. Besides, you told me it’d be at least a year or something for you to not be gay and ask me out. Remember?”
“You’re still questioning my sexual preference, then?”
She gulped, taking a step back when he advanced on her, shutting his door behind them both.
“What are you doing?”
“Walking you home?”
“Oh! Ok. And, um, no. I’m pretty sure it’s clear you like women. Or are a damn good actor.”
“Probably a little of both,” he agreed, stepping in time with her to her front porch where she opened the door without a key. “You didn’t lock your door?”
She shook her head, almost ashamed.
“It’s a safe neighborhood.”
“Still, you were gone for hours, weren’t you?”
“Y-yes.” Well of course she’s going to be freaked out now.
“Wait here,” he nearly growled before he first went down the stairs to check her basement, then came back up and checked each of her rooms, closets and tiny spaces, before gesturing to her that it was safe to come in.
“Thanks for checking. I’m still going to lock myself in my room until morning though. Those movies and then you scared the shit outa me. I’ll be sleeping with the lights on, most likely.”
“Want me to stay over?” he offered. 
A tempting offer. Very, very tempting. She bit her cheek, then shook her head.
“That’s alright.”
He smiled.
“I’ll be right next door if you need anything.”
“Thanks, Tim. Oh! How was tonight? With your dad? Did you talk to him?”
“No. I told you I wanted you there, didn’t I? I saw him for a second, but just as I was leaving.”
“Of course I’ll go with you, if you want me to, but I just figured that since you were already going to be there…I don’t know. Just seemed like the practical time to me.”
“Don’t worry, my mom throws parties nearly every weekend. How about next weekend you come with me and I’ll talk to him?”
“Sure—oh, wait! I can’t. I’m going on a girls trip with Tara.”
“Girls trip?”
“To Vegas,” she nodded.
His words caught in his throat. Girls only went to Vegas for one thing when they’re single. Men. Damn.
“Nice. I’m sure you’ll both have a wonderful time.”
“I hope so. Her cousin’s getting us a free room, so all we’ll have to pay for is the drinks by the pool.”
The way her eyes lit up, he didn’t want to rain on her parade so settled for smiling back at her. 
“Need me to water any plants while you’re away?”
“So I can come home to one heart attack after another with your little surprises? No thanks,” she laughed. “I’ll be locking up my home to the fullest extent.”
They stared at each other for a moment before he nodded, then turned and walked back down her hallway. She followed, not quite wanting the night to end just yet, then remembered their earlier promise to one another.
“So, um, weren’t we going to do some talking tonight?” she asked, causing him to pause mid stride.
“Talking?” he asked.
Lacy positioned herself up against the wall where she’d been earlier that morning.
“Yeah, I believe we were somewhere around here,” she gestured, “before you chickened out and wouldn’t let me touch you. Is that correct? Or were we over here?”
His eyes roamed over her body, thoroughly inspecting her from head to toe and back again.
“Chickened out? No. Had things to do? Yes. Am I busy now? No. But you’re all hyped up on adrenaline and I don’t want you to regret anything in the morning.”
“Regret? I’m a grown woman, Tim. I’m not drunk, not on drugs. Just, maybe a little bit excited.”
His eyes narrowed.
“Still, didn’t we first agree to giving you 48 hours to decide if this is something you really want to do? And before you go getting all down, yes, I’d love for your hands and lips to be all over me. Look forward to it, actually, but not until you’re ready.”
Lacy stayed up against the wall, trying her hardest to burn holes through his head with her eyes. She’s ready. Was born ready. 
And then it dawned on her, sinking into her thick scull. He’s a man, so of course he’d get an erection when they made out and stuff. That doesn’t mean that he actually wants her. How could she be so stupid? She’d offered to touch and pleasure him a couple of times now, and each time was rejected in different, subtle ways. 
She needs time to be ready? Um, no. He’ll probably keep rejecting her until she gives up.  He knows too much about her family and personal life to be attracted to her. Of course.
Well, no worries there. She’s done. That’s it. No more. Nada.
“Sure, Tim,” she smiled, ushering him toward the door. “Thanks again for checking the house. I appreciate it.”
“What’s that smile all about? I’m not sure I like or understand it.”
Tough shit! It got bigger as she began shutting the door on him.
“G’night.”
“Lacy, wait!”
His foot came out and stopped the door from closing. She sighed, but kept the smile in place while waiting for him to say something.
“What?” she asked when the silence loomed for too long.
“I, uh…what’s with the smile? It’s devious and wrong. What’d I say? Please?”
“What’d you say? You said no. It’s not a big deal, but that’s why we’re saying g’night, right? I mean, was there something more that you needed?”
His jaw ticked. Fuck, that’s sexy. Bobby had a long night ahead of him, with multiple battery changes, by the time she’d be fully satisfied tonight. Maybe she’d even take a bath before and work herself up…mmmm, the possibilities.
“You’re mad?” he guessed.
“Nope.”
Smile remained in place while he fidgeted outside her door.
“You’re…sad?”
“I’m not anything, Tim. Are you sure you aren’t upset about something?”
“Fuck, I did something. That shit eating smile is really starting to piss me off, Lacy.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Tim.”
She amped it up a bit, earning another scowl from him.
“You know exactly what you’re doing.”
She blinked, then offered him a real smile.
“It’s late, Tim. I’m gonna take a bath and go to bed. I’m not mad. Ok? I promise. If I was mad at you, I wouldn’t be talking to you.”
He slowly nodded, then smiled.
“Gonna take a bath, huh?”
She rolled her eyes, then shut the door and locked it.
It wasn’t fair of him to pretend to want her when he didn’t. She didn’t need all that bull shit. Being his friend was going to be tough enough with all the sexual tension, but hey, she could do it.  And she would. Maybe they’d end up being one of those best friends that turned into lovers years down the line somewhere. Hey, it could happen. 










TWENTY

Lacy was practically bouncing off her seat in excitement while waiting for her friend to pull through for her.  It was Monday—date night—and she’d just gotten home from work. Mac had shown up at the office at lunch time, looking so upset it nearly undid her. Tara, unperturbed by his confusion and long, adorable lashes, gave him the silent treatment, so Lacy had intervened, asking him what his deal was.
Turns out he hadn’t slept in almost thirty hours when he’d last seen her, and was utterly confused as to why she hadn’t called or stopped by all weekend. The last thing he remembered was sitting down to eat his microwaved pizza, then waking up the next morning on his couch when his phone started ringing.  
The story was plausible. Sometimes he worked more hours than he should and simply didn’t get enough sleep. 
Not wanting a fight to break out in the office, Lacy offered a solution of sorts. All he had to do was show up at her house in his patrol car tonight before six with a pretend restraining order, and Tara would go out to dinner with him tonight so he could apologize again. Never mind if Tara wanted to or not, she was going if he did this solid for Lacy.  Without much of a choice, since Tara still refused to acknowledge him, he agreed, got her address, then left after kissing the top of Tara’s stubborn head. 
Once he’d gone, Tara came out of her shell and smiled at Lacy, thanking her for taking over when she so clearly wasn’t ready to. 
Now, dressed in dark skinny jeans, short brown boots and a teal sleeveless top, she waited impatiently for Mac to show up and serve Tim. She had, after all, promised to get a restraining order against him if he harassed her at work. It’s pretty safe to say that showing up wearing a spandex superhero outfit could be construed as harassment. 
Besides, he’s made it clear that all he wants is a pranking relationship. Fine. She can do that. And this will prove just that.
Her doorbell rang and she jumped up, nearly tripping in her boots before yanking it open to find Tara decked out in her finest. Mac would eat his heart out while groveling to his girlfriend. No doubt about that. 
“You look amazing, Tara. He’s gonna have a hard time walking tonight, if you know what I mean.”
Tara laughed, stepping in, though they both still stood in the open doorway searching for his car. He should be there any second.
“He’s gonna have to make it up to me in a big way. He was tired? Is that all the excuse he has? Why didn’t he call me on Saturday? Or hell, Sunday? He’s got a lot of explaining to do.”
“I’m sure he’ll make it up to you. You know he loves you more than anything. Today, in the office, it looked like he’d been driving himself crazy for some time worrying about you. You saw that, right?”
“Yeah, yeah. Doesn’t mean he doesn’t have to make it up to me.”
“He will.”
Just then, three squad cars came to a screeching halt outside, in-between her and Tim’s house. Their lights flashed red and blue, no doubt drawing the attention of the other neighbors as well. Lacy and Tara ran outside holding hands, too excited at the apparent show Mac had decided to put on. Three cars? Five cops stepped out in uniform, rushing up to Tim’s front door before pounding on it.
They ran to the edge of her driveway, wanting to be close enough to witness Tim’s reaction.
His door opened. He stepped out wearing jeans and a nice white dress shirt half tucked into his pants. 
“Can I help you?” he asked, looking utterly stupefied at the amount of law enforcement bodies on his property.
“Are you Timothy—”
Mac’s words became quieter as he got into cop mode. Lacy strained to hear the rest of his words, but failed. Tim slid a glance her way, eyeing her suspiciously.
“Yes.” 
“You’re being charged with first degree stalking and harassment. You’ll need to come with us downtown.”
“What? On who’s charges?”
Tim almost immediately became hostile, his posture going rigid and his hands fisting at his sides.
“You’ll get that information once we’re downtown.”
“That’s bullshit! I know my rights. I’ve done nothing wrong.”
“Sir, calm down,” the nice lady officer butt in, raising a brow when he glared at her.
“I’m calm. I’ve done nothing, and unless you have the papers on you, I’m not going anywhere with you.”
Lacy gripped Tara’s hand so hard she let out a little squeal before extracting it from her grasp.
“Holy fuck,” Lacy whispered. “I didn’t think he’d be so worked up like this.”
“No shit,” Tara whispered back.
Both of them continued to stare forward while Tim’s nerves unraveled. He looked incredibly pissed.
“I’ve got the paperwork right here,” Mac commented, pulling a wad of papers from his back pocket and handing them over to Tim.
He read through the first page before looking up, locking eyes with Lacy.  All the color drained from her face. Was this not funny? What the hell happened? He chucked the papers to the ground and started walking toward her. Mac stepped in front of him, blocking his path.
“Sir, you’ll need to come with us now.”
“After I talk to Lacy. We had a date tonight, and it’d be rude if I just didn’t show up.”
“I think she knows you won’t be there.”
“I’d rather see to it in person.”
“I bet you would, you sick fuck.”
Both girls gasped, not having ever seeing this side of Mac before. Why would he call him that? This has probably gone far enough, Lacy thought, taking one step on the lawn before Tara stopped her from going any further.
“Sick fuck? Who the hell are you to call me that?” Tim countered, now squaring off with Mac in front of the remaining officers.
They were about the same height, but Mac had at least twenty pounds on him of pure chocolate muscle.
“I’m the arresting officer, that’s who. I read the complaint, I know all about you.”
“Back down!” another officer called when Tim got right in Mac’s face. Their noses practically touched while they seethed in each other’s faces. “Last warning!”
“I’ve got him,” Mac assured the others just before Tim threw a punch.
“No!” Lacy yelled, running forward only to be stopped by two of the officers.  “Tim, knock it off! It was a joke!”
Mac blocked the punch, then tackled Tim to the lawn. They fought each other’s hands away, trying to get in a good punch, but neither seemed to be able to land one. Tim kicked his leg up and around Mac’s neck, then thrust all his strength forward. He now sat atop Mac while the two other officers pulled their weapons, training them on Tim.
“Mac! Call them off! This was a joke! What the fuck?!” Lacy’s voice grew frantic, wanting this to end. And now. 
“A joke?” Tim asked, momentarily halting his attack as both he and Mac looked her way.
“Yes! A joke! I told you I’d get a restraining order if you messed with me at work. Remember?”
“You mean…he isn’t a cop?”
“He’s a cop, but he was doing me a favor. The restraining order is fake!”
The two officers let her go as he began climbing off Mac, who let him without trying to retaliate.
“You mean to tell me that this piece of paper that says you caught me fondling myself in the bushes outside your window is fake?” She nodded, holding her breath. “This piece of paper that says I have to stay at least two inches away from you at all times? That if I come within two inches of you, I have to pull down my pants and do the Macarena?”
Lacy’s worry slowly turned into realization.
“What the hell, Mac?”
“Sorry, Lacy. Tim and I go way back.”
Tim smiled wide, cocking his head sideways.
“He’s my Duo.”
“The Duo? Oh, the costume?” Son of a bitch.
Tim nodded, offering her a tiny smile in return to her glare.
“Mind if I change in your house? I’ve got a date.” Mac wiped the grass from his pants, grabbed a bag of clothes from the cruiser, then thanked his friends for participating, all while Lacy and Tara glared at the two men.
“Of course you’d know each other,” Lacy grumbled. “Nothing gets past you.”
“Sorry. It would’ve been a good one if I didn’t find out about it beforehand, and if I hadn’t known Mac. I met him at his office today to get Jalynn’s paperwork squared away, and he told me about this. We got to talking and figured out it was for me.”
“Traitor,” Tara whispered. 
Mac just smiled at them both before disappearing inside Tim’s house. 
“I’ve known Mac since we were kids. We call him Chris.”
“Christopher Macevelli,” Tara breathed. “He is sooo not getting any tonight!” she announced.
Lacy still couldn’t believe her luck.  The Shit knew her cop friend. The Shit was always one step ahead of her. Well, not for long. She’d do something. Something….what? she didn’t know yet.
“I will get you back for everything, Mr. Tim. One day. One day you won’t be two steps ahead of me. I’ll get you good.”
“Oh, Lacy, that warms me. I’m so looking forward to it.”
“Oh my God.” Tim and Lacy both glanced over to Tara. Her eyes were wide, her jaw clenching when her gaze flew to Tim’s front door as Mac made his reappearance. “It was Jalynn? Jalynn? Cute, adorable, Jalynn?”
“What?” Tim asked, rotating his head back and forth between the two. “What was Jalynn?”
“Not now, Tara.” Mac stood on the front step like a deer in headlights. He stepped around Tim and took hold of Tara’s arm before dragging her back toward her car. “Sorry. Gotta date. Have to go.”
Tara dug in her heels, putting up a little fight before reaching the cement. Mac fastened her into the passenger side before climbing in the driver’s seat. He waved Tim and Lacy off as they pulled away from the curb.
“Jalynn what?” he asked again when they were all alone.
“Don’t ask me. Tara yelled it at Mac, not me.” She turned to face him while crossing both arms over her chest. “And you.” A small smile surfaced while she went back into friend mode. “Thought I’d be getting you so good. Stupid little me should’ve known. Guess I’ll have to stick with the small time stuff.”
“Guess so.” He gave her a side smile before turning back toward his house to face her. “I did enjoy it, though. Thoroughly. Had a good laugh at the station. Caught me completely off guard.”
“Not enough to get you good, though. I won’t rest until I pay you back for scaring the crap outa me.”
A low, throaty chuckle made its way past his lips while doing a quick appraisal of her body. She noticed. Quick as he did it, she still saw it. 
“And I’ll be waiting.”  She rolled her eyes, turning her back to him. “Where are you going?”
“Home.”
“Oh, I see. Making me come pick you up for our date?”
“What date?” she asked, picking up her pace at the sound of his footsteps gaining on her. 
“Ours.”
“There’s no need, Tim. We can go out for dinner if you want, but there’s no need to pretend it’s a date.”
“Who’s pretending?” He caught up to her on her front step, making her turn to face him. “It’s just food and my company. How bad can it be?”
Indeed. How much more of his charmingly annoying antics can she take without jumping him? At least they’ll be in public. The urge to screw should be curbed a little. Besides, she was starving and could use a few good laughs for the evening. 
“Let me grab my purse.”
His answering triumphant smile made her feel special. Like he was winning by getting her company for the night.  As if she was the prize of a long awaited day and he couldn’t wait to take her home. 
Stop it! she scolded herself. She already knows it’s never going to happen between them. No use in getting her hopes up, or getting excited about a possible ‘what if’ moment. 
She’s not that girl…and he’ll never be her guy.
Lacy grabbed her purse off her bathroom counter, did a quick makeup check, then met him back at her front door where he waited patiently for her to lock it before walking by her side over to his garage.
Once sitting in the passenger seat of the largest Jeep she’d ever encountered, she immediately regretted agreeing to being this close to the man she wanted nothing more than to strip naked and ravish to her heart’s desire.  Maybe going on a ‘date’ with him wasn’t such a good idea. Maybe she should’ve insisted they order in instead of going out. Maybe…oh, fuck it. She can handle this. And she will. He’s just a man. A human. A mere mortal with faults just like the rest of them. 
“Ready?” he asked with raised eyebrows at the look on her face. 
“You betcha,” she replied, buckling up and putting her secret shit-eating grin in place.


“Slow down there, cowboy. I don’t need your help. My bowling techniques are superb and your hands are hindering my ability.”
Tim removed his hands from her waist, taking a step back with a smile to let her bowl on her own.  The last two she’d thrown had both gone diagonal, missing all the pins at the last second. He’d merely been trying to help, he told himself, while placing his hands around her waist and trying to help guide her arm for better aim.
She threw the ball and this time it went straight down the middle.
“Hell yeah! Did you see that?” she asked, hopping up and down to celebrate her strike. 
Her entire face lit up. It did things to Tim’s insides. He put a smile on and offered a friendly high five instead of grabbing her up in his arms like he wanted to.
“Nice. You were faking it before, weren’t you?”
She swayed her hips and batted her lashes.
“Duh. Gotta keep you on your toes,” she teased.  “That’s my first strike ever!”
They looked like a couple of teenagers out on a date, what with all the energy and smiling going on.
After consuming their cheeseburgers and drinks, playing a handful of games to win tokens, they’d ended up playing a rousing game of bowling at Dave and Busters. The perfect first ‘date’, he thought. The entire evening had been a blast. Whether she was laughing at his poor basketball skills, losing and biting her cheek while playing Connect 4, or just sitting and eating their meal, he’d loved every minute of it. She didn’t hold back or barely touch her food, and he liked that about her. She is who she is and she’s not going to hide from him. That made him feel good. Special. She trusts him enough to be herself, and he’d only be too happy to return the favor. 
He only wished he could forever erase that shit-eating grin she gave him on Saturday night, and on rare moments since then. Forever erase or decipher what it meant.
“Congrats, then! We’ll get photos in the booth before we go so you can forever remember this night.”
“So that I can? What about you?”
“We’ll get two sets,” he countered, noting the pleased look she gave him before gesturing for him to take his turn in bowling.
An hour later they made their way to one of the open photo booths. Lacy picked out the Hollywood scene and they stood making funny faces, smiling for the last two. Then Tim picked out the Zombie scene, and they repeated the process while acting dead. He even bit her arm for one while she stared hopelessly at the camera.
Happy with both sets, he purchased two of each so they could have their own copies. 
“Good?” he asked when she finally took her eyes off the pictures and put them away in her purse.
“Great. Thanks again, Tim. I’ve had a wonderful night.”
“Ready to go home? It’s nearly ten.”
“Ten? Holy cow. Yes, I’m ready.”
Tim silently laughed as she picked up her pace to make a hasty retreat.
“Time flies when you’re having fun, huh?” he asked while propping the door open for her, matching her hurried steps toward his Jeep.
“No kidding. I was supposed to edit a proposal tonight.” He looked away while opening her door for her. She noticed him tense and quickly added, “But this was much more fun. And worth it. I’ll be tired tomorrow, that’s all.”
“I can help, if you’d like.”
“Oh, no that’s fine.”
He nodded, a small smile on his face while shutting her door. While walking around to the driver’s side he berated himself for having a reaction to her words. Why should he care if he kept her from her work? Or that for a second she’d seemed to regret coming out tonight. 
Tim jumped in and pulled out, stealing a few glances her way when the silence continued. Her head rested against the seat, eyes closed with a small smile on her face.  Her soft, golden curls framed her beautiful face; her pink pouty lips illuminated in the passing street lamps. So kissable. So damn kissable! The now familiar hard-on sprang to life between his legs. He readjusted himself while her eyes were still closed, then cleared his throat.
“I really can help you do the edit. I did it for years.”
She rolled her head sideways to look at him.
“What a great way to end the night. You take a girl out and refuse to let her pay for anything, even though she offered on multiple occasions, then drive her home and do paperwork before saying good night? No thanks. I’d be the worst non-date ever.”
“Why would I let you pay?”
“Why would I let you do the edit?”
“I wouldn’t do it, I’d help you with it.”
She rolled her eyes, moving to face forward again.
“Either way, it’s going to take me at least an hour and it’s already late.”
“True. But you have to get up and drive to work tomorrow, I don’t.”
“Ugh, work.”
He watched as she pinched the bridge of her nose.
“What’s wrong with work?” he asked, concerned.
“Nothing. It’s just work. I used to love going in everyday and making a difference; doing things right. But now…I don’t know. Things are changing.”
“With Mr. Knox?” 
“No, not really. He’s been a little antsy lately, but he’s on vacation this week. It’s Mr. Garcia, the manager, Mr. Knox’s right hand man.”
“I’ve met him. He’s a strict ruler.”
“He is, but lately…I’m not sure, but I think he’s doing drugs at work. He sweats profusely, going into rants more than usual, and has this nervous tick in his jaw when his eyes are glossed over.”
Tim shrugged.
“Could be drugs, could be stress.”
“I’ve seen him stressed. This is just nuts.”
“Have you talked to Mr. Knox about it? You two seem like you have a close working relationship.”
What am I doing?! He doesn’t want to know how close she is with another man. Ever. 
Despite his internal chastising, she laughed.
“Close? Probably about as close as anyone can get with him. He’s just…a boss. Doesn’t really share his feelings or talk about his weekends. I know he’s married, but have never met his wife. The most I ever spoke to him about something other than work was probably when I was yelling at my dad and apologizing to Mr. Knox at the same time. Or when I went to clear out my desk and you showed up. That’s the most I’ve heard him talk, I think. If it’s not benefiting the company, he doesn’t have anything to say, usually.”
“Really?” he asked, unable to hide the surprise in his voice. “When I worked with him he always asked about my family and weekends. Hmm.”
“Maybe because you’re a guy? Or because you sent him business?”
“Maybe.” 
“But like I said, we don’t talk, so I’m not really sure how to broach the subject about Mr. Garcia.”
“You should tell him about your suspicions. If his work and attitude is affecting the entire business, he’ll want to know and thank you for telling him.” She nodded, sighing.  “Wouldn’t you want to know if it was your business?”
“Yes. But it’s annoying that Mr. Knox hasn’t seen it himself. And if he has, he hasn’t said anything or done anything about it.”
“Well, when he gets back you should tell him.”
They pulled into his driveway, putting the car in park in the garage. After meeting at the back of his car, she dug one set of pictures out of her purse and handed them to him. 
“Thanks again for tonight, Tim. I had a lot of fun.” She leaned in, lightly brushing her body against his. The erotic smell of her perfume consumed his senses as she got closer. When her lips lightly landed on his cheek, he stopped breathing. The plush pillows of skin sent tingles through his cheek and all the blood right to his crotch. Her thick lashes fluttered against his temples before she pulled back and away from his reach. Not that he’d had the good sense to make a move. His mind went on vacation for those few seconds of bliss. “G’night, Tim,” she breathed, turning and walking away from him with a friendly smile.
He watched her walk away, too taken with her beauty to respond. She really is a beautiful woman. Curves with muscle; but not too much muscle. Lips that begged for attention and sure as shit received it whenever he got the chance. A personality to have fun with, while also having the maturity to handle stressful, work situations. Watching her handle him with her boss was delightful. She’s good to Jay too. And kind, patient, funny, lovable, endearing, surprising toward him as well. 
He’d be a damn fool to let her go. To ignore the feelings she gives and ignites in him. No. He won’t do it.
“Lacy!” he called, jogging to catch her on the front step. She turned. He couldn’t tell if she was relieved or upset that he’d stopped her from retreating. “When you get back from Vegas, have dinner with me. As a date. Please.”
Lacy’s mouth parted in surprise as his words registered to her. He noted the flash of surprise roll over her features before turning blank.
Was she thinking about it? Thinking of how to say no? Had he completely misjudged the signals he’d received? If so, he’d do whatever it took to make the decision easier for her to agree.
“Date? Is that a good idea?” 
He watched her cheek sink in on the side she was biting it. Whenever she did that it pushed out her already perked up lips, like she was puckering for a kiss. 
“A real date. And why not?”
“Because what if it goes horribly wrong and we still have to live next door to each other.”
“What makes you think it’ll go horribly wrong? Tonight was practically a date, and it was amazing, right?”
He took a step closer, inhaling her perfume once more.
“I said ‘what-if’.”
“If you live by what-if’s your whole life, you’ll regret it.”
She raised a brow, letting him know his comeback was stupid, but helpful in her decision.
“And if I agree to this date, will the scaring stop?”
“The scaring? You mean the fun? I already told you I wouldn’t scare you at night again.” She took a step back, gripping her doorknob.  “Any other non excuses you have questions about? If you truly don’t want to go on a date with me, you can tell me.”
Lacy took a deep breath, exhaling before locking eyes with him again.
“A date? I, uh…yes. Yes, I’ll go on a date with you.”
Tim’s answering smile must’ve been huge because her entire face lit up. 
“A date. Next week when you get back. I look forward to it, Miss Balls.”
“As do I, Mister Balls. Oh, but just so you know; I have expectations on real dates. You mess up or pull your silly little pranks and you can bet your butt you won’t be getting any from me, and especially won’t be going on a second.”
He smiled, loving her ‘threat’ and already coming up with ideas to make their date worth her while.
“Noted. I’ll let you get your work done. G’night, Lacy.”
A quick step forward, a hand on her elbow, he leaned in and brushed his own lips against her soft cheek. It wasn’t his fault that his vantage point gave him a front row seat to the best show in town. Her cleavage is truly spectacular. After getting a quick eye full, he let her go and slowly made his way back across the lawn toward his house. 
A date.
A date with Lacy.
A real date with Lacy.
Oh, the possibilities were endless. 







TWENTY ONE

Vegas didn't go at all as planned for Lacy. They arrived late Friday, stored their luggage in the room, went to a burlesque show, then roamed the streets getting free drinks and food from a group of wasted bachelor party men. Cute, dull men. They followed the girls around like puppies, waiting and watching their every move. 
After trying to say goodnight, they followed them back to their hotel until Tara turned around and not so politely told them to get lost or else. That was all it took to get them running in the opposite direction with their tails between their legs. 
As soon as they stepped back in their room, stumbling through while giggling, the ambiance changed. Mac was there, sitting on Tara's bed with his feet up, flipping through the channels. He jumped up as soon as he saw them, rushing over to make sure they hadn't brought any strays back. 
Lacy kept her smile in place even though she was pissed as hell that girl time was ruined. She knew it. It didn't take a genius to know her friend would now be busy with her boyfriend, especially since they'd all be sharing a room together. 
The next morning she woke up to sounds of them having sex in the shower. She quickly changed into her swim suit and went down to the pool after leaving a note on the mirror with her lipstick. 
It's not like she expected them to rush down or anything, but after four hours passed and there was still no sign of them, no phone call or text, she started downing drinks left and right. Her thirst caught the attention of a few men, but she declined their invitation of purchases, stomping angrily up to her room a little after one. 
They weren't there.
She called Tara; she didn't answer.
She text Mac; he didn't respond. 
With little else choice, she went down to the main lobby and asked for her cousin at the front desk. Little surprise there; she hadn't seen or heard from Tara since last night. 
Lacy was blind with rage while she climbed back into the elevator. When a mans hand stopped it from closing, she almost bit his head off before seeing it belonged to Mac. 
Oblivious to her rage, he began whispering about his plans to propose tonight and hoped she wouldn't mind eating alone and finding some plausible excuse not to join them so Tara wouldn't be suspicious.
On the verge of tears, she agreed and gave her best wishes and expressed her happiness for them both. He even showed her the ring. She held back her tears long enough for him to leave, then sat on the bed staring at the hotels ugly carpet while tears streamed down her cheeks.
Of course she was happy for them. She loved them both and knew they'd be happy together. That didn't mean he had to ruin girl time. And it didn't mean Tara had the right to completely ignore her now. 
Lacy sat for almost another hour before repacking her bags, leaving only her pink pumps and hair straightener, knowing Tara would want them for tonight. 
Another lipstick note was left on the mirror, this time relaying her apologies for leaving, but had to get home since her cousin had been in a car accident.
She'd ignored every phone call and text from Tara, even after getting home late Saturday night and crawling into bed fully clothed and reeking of cigarette smoke from the cabs she'd taken. 
On Sunday Lacy woke bright and early to the beautifully annoying birds outside her window. She spent the morning doing laundry and putting everything from her trip away until she couldn't put off contacting Tara any longer. A quick text saying her cousin’s fine and she hopes Tara's having a good time was sent, but unreplied to. She didn't care. She knew she'd see Tara on Monday at the office wearing the beautiful engagement ring. One more day was just enough time for Lacy to clear her head from all petty, jealous thoughts. 
One more day....
After showering, changing and munching on some chips, she text Tim. 

Lacy 2:45pm
Got you a souvenir

Tim 2:48pm
Can't wait to see it!

Lacy 2:51pm 
Come over

Tim 2:52pm
You're home already?

Lacy 2:53pm
Yep. Came back early since Mac proposed to Tara. Gave them some space.

Tim 2:56pm
He flew to Vegas? Wow. Tell them congrats. I'm in Denver right now. Should be back Tuesday

Lacy 3:01pm
For work? And I will.

Tim 3:04pm
Yes, work. How was your trip?

Lacy 3:07pm
Good

Tim 3:08pm
Good?.... 

Lacy 3:12pm
Don't want to talk about it yet

Tim 3:18pm
Gangbanged? Threesome? Lesbian action? Whatever happened can't have been that bad

Lacy smiled, rolling her eyes.

Lacy 3:20pm
Wouldn't you like to know 

Tim 3:21pm
Yes I would

Lacy 3:22pm
I'll give you a hint....no lesbian action

Tim 3:25pm
I missed out on a threesome?? I'm crashing the next girls trip with Mac

Lacy 3:28pm
Prob won't be another girls trip since they're engaged. Surprised he didn't tell you, since you're besties and all

Tim 3:31pm
Missed a call from him last night.

Lacy 3:33pm
And you didn't call him back? Some friend you are.

She laughed, then grimaced. She'd ignored Tara for hours and hadn't felt the slightest bit bad for it.

Tim 3:38pm
I'll call him when I'm out of this meeting

Lacy 3:43pm
You're in a meeting? Aww, I feel special that you're willing to distract yourself with me

Tim 3:47pm
You should. I haven't text Jalynn back and it's been at least an hour since she asked where my spare key is. You don't happen to see her climbing through any broken windows do you?

Lacy 3:50pm
Ha. I'll go check your house. Berkley need walking?

Tim 3:52pm
Feeding too if Jalynn still hasn't made it inside :)

Lacy 3:53pm
I'll see what I can do. 

Tim 3:55pm
Also, don’t give her your key. Keep it. I'll pay you to keep my things alive until I get home.

Lacy 3:56pm
Don’t need to pay me. Do you have plants or just Berkley that needs taking care of?

Tim 4:10pm
Just Berkley…I think the last of my plants died last year sometime

Lacy 4:11pm
On it

Tim 4:13pm
Make sure Jay’s locked out or she’ll rummage through my house

Lacy 4:16pm
Anything in particular she’s looking for? Prob find it faster if I helped her look ;)

Tim 4:16pm
My diary

Lacy 4:17pm
Ha. Ha. 

Tim 4:18pm
No idea what she looks for, but she always looks

Lacy 4:21pm
Now I’m curious. Def going to look for a diary

Tim 4:22pm
Good luck. And what is it exactly you’d like to know about me?

Lacy 4:24pm
Your deepest, darkest secrets. Duh

Tim 4:27pm
Deepest, darkest, huh? That would be pretty stupid of anyone to write those down. Is that how murderers get caught? They write in their diarys then leave it out for friends and family to find?

Lacy 4:30pm
No idea. If I ever killed, I’d dispose of all the evidence, down to my accomplice, to ensure complete anonymity. That’s the smart thing to do.

Tim 4:31pm
If you ever kill? Should I be worried that you’ve thought this out?

Lacy 4:35pm
Only if you decide to commit murder with me someday 

Tim 4:36pm
Noted

Lacy 4:36pm
How’s your meeting?

Tim 4:39pm
Over. Drinking coffee and snapchatting with Jay. She says hi and sorry she missed you.

Lacy 4:41pm
Snapchat?! What’s your username?

Tim 4:42pm
Tim9876543210

Lacy 4:45pm
Wow. Not sure if you used enough numbers

Tim 4:48pm
Says LacyMarieHamilton6. Your full name? Really?

Tim sent a picture of him sipping coffee with a small smile. Dressed in a suit, he looked just as delicious as the steam drifting up to his nose. Lacy sent a close up of her face, eyes rolling, adding a narrative that he’s too dressed up for a Sunday.  Even if he was working.
He sent one back with his jacket removed, tie unraveled, hair tossed, swinging a gang sign with his hand while puckering his lips and leaning back in his chair. His caption asked if he looked more appropriate now. She quickly sent one back of her laughing with a caption that said she hopes he doesn’t get shot.
Talking to him lifted her spirits immensely. He seemed to always have that effect on her. It both startled and surprised her to see that a whole hour had passed with them just texting back and forth. Which also meant Berkley was one hour hungrier as well. 
She tied on her tennis shoes before letting herself into Tim’s house. Berkley was in the laundry room sleeping until she flicked on the light and called his name. He wiggled his butt while waddling over to her, yawning.
“Hey, buddy.”
Berkley ate his food while she scratched his head and belly, then led him out for a one mile walk.  She snapped pictures and sent them off to Tim for proof of taking care of his dog. When they got back and he was still a chunk of energy, she let him out the back door to play while she went home for a few hours, made food, finished laundry, then cleaned out her fridge. The entire day flew by and was nearly dark when she walked back over to tuck Berkley in and feed him for the night. He thanked her by sniffing her feet, snorting and sneezing. She tried to take a picture of him, but he kept moving. She finally snapped a selfie of them with him licking her face and her laughing and trying to push him away while they sat on the couch. 
The picture was sent with a narrative that Berkley loves her more than Tim. 
His reply was a pouty face that Berkley was a lucky, lucky dog.
Lacy giggled into the pillow while petting Berkley. He snuggled next to her tummy while she turned on the TV.

Lacy 8:32pm
Jacking your TV again. Since you promised to be gone til Tuesday, shouldn’t pee my pants

Tim 8:33pm
Did I say Tuesday? I meant in twenty minutes

Lacy 8:34pm
What?

Tim 8:37pm
Just kidding. Don’t be scared. Sorry. I’ll be home Tuesday, or Wednesday if I don’t close the deal by then.

Lacy 8:41pm
Hope your deal goes through. I’ll leave surprises all over your house for your return

Tim 8:42pm
After how nice I’ve been lately? 

Lacy 8:45pm
Yep. I appreciated dinner with your sister last week, and the movie on Thursday night, but I still haven’t gotten you back for showing up dressed as a gay superhero at my work, or for knowing Mac, or for making me think Jay was your crazy stalker.

Tim 8:52pm
Agreed. I look forward to your retaliation, but just remember that I bite back

Lacy 8:54pm
I could never forget. Getting tired. Heading home. I’ll kiss Berkley night night for you

Tim 8:55pm
Feel free to warm up my bed for me while you’re at it

Lacy 8:57pm
I’ll get bed sores if I lay there for three days waiting for you

Tim 8:58pm
We don’t want that. See you in a few days. Night.

Lacy 9:00pm
Night, Tim. 

Tim 9:07pm
Lacy

Lacy 9:08pm
Tim?

Tim 9:08pm
I miss your laugh

 A gigantic smile lit her face while clutching the phone tightly to her chest as she snuggled into her comforter. He misses her laugh? In her mind he whispered those words to her in a husky, sexy tone that sent shivers up and down her spine. 

Lacy 9:11pm
I miss your company. You took away all my stress today. Thanks for chatting with me	

Tim 9:13pm
I miss your company, too. 










TWENTY TWO

Tim couldn't stop smiling as he heard the click of his front door while toweling off. He'd been home less than an hour and knew without a doubt that Lacy had entered his home. Was she planning on scaring him again? It was too quiet downstairs for her to be planning anything but. 
They'd text a couple times throughout the last two days while he was away. No plans were made, but he hoped dinner together would happen. In fact, he decided to go ahead and order takeout. 
He dressed slowly, making Lacy wait it out in whatever hiding spot she'd chosen. Deciding to let her think she got him good, he whistled the entire way down the stairs to announce his arrival. 
On his kitchen counter was a small, blue gift wrapped box with a silver bow. A sticky note was placed next to it.
Was hoping to catch you before my date tonight. 
I waited until 5:43, but you must've 
really been enjoying your shower ;) 
Picked you up a little something from Vegas. 
Enjoy!
See you later,
Lacy
5:43? He checked the time on his phone to see ten minutes had passed. She must've been leaving instead of coming when he'd heard the door. 
A picture text of himself was showing on his screen when he hit the side button on his phone. A picture of himself sleeping shirtless with a text that read: miss you already.
"Fuck," he growled. 
It was sent a minute before Lacy's note....coincidence, or did she see this text and leave?
"Fuck." 
Running a hand down his face, he picked up his keys and phone and headed to Lacy's. He never should've hooked up with Morgan. Not that he hadn't been completely honest about ending their friends with benefits relationship after this last trip. He had. He'd come straight out and said this would be their last time together. She'd seemed to take it just fine, but then why take this picture and send it to him when she knew he'd be home? 
Lacy didn't answer his knocking. With little else choice, he went back home and called Morgan, threatening her with a lawsuit if she didn't erase any and all pictures taken of him without knowing. She claimed it had been all in fun and hoped he would forgive her so they could continue working together. 
After hanging up on her, he dialed Lacy but got her voicemail. 
It's not like they were dating or together. He had strategically planned this last trip to Denver to happen while Lacy was in Vegas. If she was going to hook up with anyone that weekend, he would too. Besides, he hadn't had sex in three months before that and needed a refresher for when he and Lacy got together. He'd asked her out on a real date last week, knowing he wanted to be with her, but wasn't willing to enter their relationship a step behind her. An even playing field is always necessary. 
The perfectly wrapped gift caught his eye in mid pace. He picked it up and brought it over to the couch after letting Berkley in from the deck. Together they tore at the paper, impatient to see what was within. 
Berkley took off with the bow between his teeth while Tim opened the box to find a black shirt that said Hangovers are for Quitters with a few scattered beer bottles underneath. He smiled, picturing her buying the shirt. Next was a picture of six women. On the back she'd written: spot the fake. He flipped it back over and searched the pic. He looked it over a few times before finally noticing that five of the showgirls were heavily makeup’d manikins, while Lacy stood as the lone human in the middle with a wide, sloppy, drunk smile on her face. 
He laughed out loud. He'd be adding this picture to his collection. The SnapChat pic of Berkley licking her face was currently saved as his background pic on his phone. She looked so beautiful and happy, he had to save it. 
Tim quickly threw on the shirt, then held up the showgirls pic and took a selfie before sending it to Lacy with a note of thanks and that he couldn't wait to see her. It wasn't even certain that she was mad at him or had even seen the picture text, so he'd play it off. If she wanted to talk about it, he would. 
If she wanted to be angry, he'd make her admit to whatever hookup she had that weekend as well. No one goes to Vegas single and doesn't hookup. 
With nothing in his fridge but expired milk and old lunch meat, he continued with his original plan and ordered Chinese. Berkley kept him busy with catch and chase for the hour it took for the food to arrive. He really needed to teach him to bring the ball back after catching it. Tim was getting more of a workout than he'd planned. Then again, he didn't mind letting out some of his aggression by running around. At least it was a healthy escape. 
While they ate he turned on the TV and watched the news, nearly tipping over his food to grab his phone off the coffee table when Lacy finally text him back. 
A picture of a well-dressed dark haired man with a large amount of dressing on his cheek seemed oblivious to having his picture taken.  It was accompanied with a text asking if there was anything on her dates face. 
Tim smiled, texting back.

Tim 6:57pm
I don't see anything. Need rescuing?

Lacy 7:00pm
I'm good. He's harmless...and clueless.

Why did it feel like ten pounds of stress suddenly lifted off Tim? Could he really be that anxious about a woman he hadn't even made his yet? 

Tim 7:01pm
Lots of extra Chinese food. Come over when you're done with Honey Mustard there :)

Lacy 7:04pm
I've been told we're going to a movie after dinner. Sorry. Rain check for tomorrow? 

Tim 7:04pm
Sure. Have fun

Dinner and a movie on a Tuesday? They'd be out pretty late for a work night. 
With a heavy sigh he cleaned up, put the leftovers in the fridge, then went into his office and booted up his laptop. 
If he had no choice but to let Lacy date whoever and for however long tonight, he'd print out new pictures to hang on her front door. She'd admitted to looking forward to her peephole surprises last week when she'd come over for dinner with Jalynn. And since scaring her silly, sitting on her front step waiting for her and breaking into her house for traps were unacceptable to stay on her good side and not seem desperate, he'd settle for changing out the picture and seeing her tomorrow. 

Lacy's opinion of Lance hadn't changed much from the start. She should've never agreed to a date. Hell, she hadn’t. She'd turned him down at the office when he'd asked her for the third time that day. The only reason she changed her mind and called him was because of how stupid she felt going over to Tim's with his gift and a homemade meal to share, only to see that he'd obviously been keeping a secret someone in Denver. 
She hadn't meant to see the text. Really. With the food in his fridge, she set the present down on the counter at the exact time his phone lit up. Out of instinct, she glanced at it, then gaped at it in horror while panicking about what to do. It took her all of thirty seconds to decide to leave the present and note, but take the food back and call Lance, hoping he hadn't picked up some floosy already. It was the least he could do to be free when she needed him.  Besides, he was only in town for business until tomorrow, so she wouldn’t have to see him again until next quarter when he stopped in.
But it wasn’t his wandering eye, horrible laugh, or terrible table manners that completely nixed his chances with her. No. It was the horror movie he took her to. A horror movie! She’d told him he could pick any movie, she didn’t care, as long as it wasn’t scary. They were already ten minutes into the movie before she recognized the horror flick from commercials. Three quarters of the movie were spent with her hands over her face and him laughing in her ear. The other time was spent with her in the bathroom pacing and trying to calm her breathing, hoping the movie would end before she got back.
No such luck.
Lance, being the gentleman that he is, walked her back to her car in the near dark parking garage with his arm wrapped around her, apologizing for the movie but he didn’t think it was going to be too scary for her. Misreading her signals while she clung to him, he tried going in for the kiss when they made it to her car. She ducked in and closed the door, waving him off without another word. 
Now, as she sat in her driveway with the engine still running and headlights illuminating her garage door, the twelfth pep talk didn’t seem to be making a difference with her nerves. Of course her house would be dark. She’d turned all the lights off and locked her doors before leaving. Hadn’t she? Had she missed a window and some psycho serial killer was waiting for her? She could call Mac and have him come over; but he was no doubt with Tara still, who took the entire week off to bask in her engagement glow. They hadn’t even talked about the engagement. Lacy was waiting to do it face to face, to properly congratulate them. 
Her friendship with Tara was a whole other issue that she didn’t have time for right now.
“Just open the garage and go inside! No one’s waiting for you! C’mon!”
Nope. She still couldn’t make her hands move to put the car back in gear. Maybe she could just sleep in her car.
Tim’s front light came on a few seconds before he stepped out, looking over at her car with a questioning glance. She sighed, unrolling her window when he strolled close enough. 
“Hey.”
“Hey,” she whispered back before clearing her throat. “What are you doing up?”
It was past ten already. 
“Was on my way up to bed when I noticed a car idling in your driveway. How long have you been sitting here?”
Does he have to be so cute, manly and helpful all the time? Of course he’d come to her rescue. She should’ve just called him from the start.
“Awhile. My jerk date took me to a horror movie. I-I might be a little scared of going inside,” she grimaced, leaning her head back against her seat when his lips quirked. “Laugh all you want. I’m not in the mood to be scared right now. I don’t think my heart could take it.”
“Oh, Lacy. I told you I’d never scare you at night anymore. Trust me. Please.”
His pleading tone had her locking eyes with him. Of course he’d be able to make her feel bad about a comment when she was the one who needed help.
“I don’t not trust you, Tim. I’m just scared out of my mind right now, OK?”
“Well don’t be. I’m here. Nothing will get you. Open your garage.”
Lacy hesitated for just a second before hitting the button and holding her breath. Surely the monsters would be too scared of Tim to try and get her…right?
Nothing jumped out. Nothing scurried into the dark corners to hide. Nothing happened. 
“Drive in and I’ll go inside with you.”
Another big gulp and she did as she was told. Tim stood next to her, opening her car door and taking her hand before leading her inside, shutting her garage door after clicking on her kitchen light. Gripping his hand seemed to help calm her, but only minutely. 
“Want to sit on the couch while I check the rest of your house?” he asked after all of the main floor lights had been flicked on, except for the bedrooms.
“N-no. I know this is stupid, I do. Please don’t judge me.”
“Not judging.” 
That’s all he said before tugging her along, checking every crook and cranny, every closet and bed, all without releasing her hand. Even in the basement they checked behind every box before he shut the door and ushered her back upstairs. The entire time he kept talking to her, asking her questions about her day and about Tara, trying to keep her mind off the movie. It worked. She was calm enough to release his hand by the time they made it back up to her bedroom. She climbed under the covers, staring at him while he stood at the edge of her bed.
“Stay awhile?” she asked, hopeful tone and puppy dog eyes pleading with him to comply.
“Of course. I’ll go turn off the other lights and be right back.” He looked under her bed and shut the drapes before doing so. 
Lacy flipped on the TV and side lamp, then hurried to her bathroom counter to remove her makeup and brush her teeth. She was mid-brush when he came back, shutting her bedroom door and leaning against it, watching her finish. When she finished spitting and rinsing, a small smile was offered as her cheeks turned pink in embarrassment.
“I’m going to change. Can you wait on the bed?”
“Sure,” he smiled, obediently obeying even though he’d already seen her naked. 
As soon as he cleared the wall partition separating her bed from the bathroom area, she sprang into action, stripping quickly before using the bathroom, then throwing an old football jersey over her head and shutting off the light in her bathroom and bedroom, leaving only the TV and lamp light on. 
“Who are they?” he asked, holding up the picture on her nightstand. 
Lacy crawled into bed and scooted close to see, taking advantage of the proximity to smell his deliciousness.
“That’s Bobby, Timmy and Freddy. Timmy and Freddy are my cousins, and Bobby’s their best friend. We all pretty much grew up together.” 
The picture was of all four of them wearing party hats, laughing. She remembered that birthday like it was yesterday. It was the last birthday she agreed to let them kidnap her. Since turning thirty, she put the kibosh on surprise parties and demanded they stay in from then on. Not that the kidnapping birthday parties weren’t fun, but the last one Bobby almost got arrested for punching two men who were harassing Lacy and Becky. Since then, Lacy decided to play it safe. After all, they weren’t teens or twenty something’s any longer. There was no need for unnecessary violence. 
With an exaggerated slowness, he replaced the picture on the night stand and turned on his side to stare at her. 
“Sooo—”
“I really don’t want to talk about tonight.” She burrowed deeper into the covers, only her head sticking out while she stared up at him.
“That’s fine. How was Vegas? What’d you do? I’m keeping that picture of you in the lingerie, by the way.”
Her smile returned.
“That’s fine. It was costume lingerie. Anyone can put it on and take a picture with the manikins.”
“I’m sure they can, but can they pull it off, like you did?”
“Oh, stop. I made Tara take at least thirty pictures before she got it at the right angle where my hips didn’t look too wide.”
“Your hips—”
“Just stop. You won’t win this argument.”
He smiled, sinking down further to rest his head on the pillow.
“Right. Woman’s logic. Got it. So what all did you do?”
“Don’t you know that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?” she rolled her eyes. “What’d you do in Denver?”
A subject she hadn’t meant to brooch, but did. 
“Closed the deal.” When she rolled her eyes, his face searched her for clues to what she was thinking. Did he know she saw the text? “Signed a five year contract with a blooming business. I’ve worked with them since day one when they were just two employees. Now they’ve got six branches and over five hundred employees.”
“What exactly do you do?”
“I create computer software for specific needs of a company.”
She gasped.
“You create it? Holy cow, you must be super smart with computers.”
“I’m tech-savvy, yes.  Learned everything I know today so I wouldn’t have to work day and night. Life’s too short. I create my own hours and sell my product after getting it licensed and patented. It cost more money up front, but was well worth it.”
“Damn. I need to go into business for myself. Working five days a week is just too long.”
“Then quit. Come work for me instead of cranky Mr. Knox.”
“Yeah right. What would I do for you? Be your naughty secretary? I know nothing about computers. Well, I can use them just fine, but fixing or installing anything, I’m out.”
“I like the idea about a naughty secretary, but how about you just be my secretary? You can take all my calls that I usually ignore, be in charge of the financing, and travel with me when necessary.”
“How much does it pay?” she joked, pretending to take him up on his offer. Pretending…yep.
“What do you make now?”
“That’s irrelevant, isn’t it?”
“Well, I’d match it.”
Her smile came back full force.
“And benefits?”
“I could get you benefits,” he mused. “And two weeks paid vacation. And three days sick time.”
“Sounds amazing.”
“You’re in?”
She laughed, nudging his shoulder.
“Naw, I like my job security. If I ever get fired, I’ll take you up on it though.”
“I’ll hold you to that. Now,” he rolled on his back crossing both arms behind his head. “How can I get you fired?”
“Don’t even think about it, Tim.”
When she yawned, he moved closer, wrapping an arm under her head and pulling her against his chest.
“Go to sleep. I’m going to borrow your TV, if that’s ok,” he joked. 
She smiled against his hard chest, snuggling a little closer.
“It’s all yours.” She kissed his chest. “Thanks for keeping me safe. I owe you.”
“You sure do. You just kissed my nipple.”
“What?” she gasped, pulling her head back to look him in the eye.
“Yep. Right on the nipple,” he beamed. “No worries. It’s only fair since I ravished yours.”
When she blushed and tried to turn over, he held her close, not letting her escape.
“No horny talk,” she explained, relenting, curling up against his side once more.
“No horny talk?”
“You heard me.”
“Ok, fine. Are you all horned out after your trip to Vegas?”
Lacy tensed. Is he really fishing for information? That was like, what, the tenth time he’d asked her about the trip? 
“Since you’re so adamant about knowing, I’ll just come out and say it.” Wait, should she stick with the truth, or lie to seem less pathetic? Choices, choices. After a sigh, she buried her face deeper into the comforter before continuing. “I didn’t hook up with anyone. Not even a kiss. Tara ditched me as soon as Mac showed up on Friday night. I spent all Saturday by myself until Mac caught up to me, explaining about the proposal and to pretty much get lost so they could have a romantic evening alone. Then I packed my bags and came home. Haven’t even seen or talked to Tara since then. She left an angry voicemail that she wasn’t coming into work all week, but that was it.”
“Mac told you to get lost?” he asked when she’d finished. It was surprising he’d heard everything through the layers of blankets covering her face. 
“Practically. He wasn’t an asshole or anything. He was just so excited to propose that he didn’t notice how angry I was for them ditching me all day, and then telling me to go have dinner by myself. I’m happy for them, I am. I just…couldn’t he have waited? Why did he need to ruin girl weekend and then act like I was the third wheel?”
“I’m sorry. Mac isn’t usually an asshole.”
“I know. He’s like, the sweetest man on earth with his larger than life adorable eye lashes. Ugh, he wasn’t an asshole. I was just the third wheel, so I left to make it easier for them.”
Tim ripped the blanket away from her face and pulled her back to his chest.
“How are my lashes?” he asked, batting them like crazy.
She laughed, smiling at him like he did the cutest thing.
“They’re just fine. Not as pretty as Mac’s, but you’ve got gorgeous gray/green eyes. You’ve got any man beat in that department, by my standards.”
“I’ll take it.”
A few moments of silence passed before she just up and got it over with. As long as they were having honest time, she might as well get it out there.
“How was your fling?”
“Fling?” he asked. She clearly felt his body tense beneath her, but kept her eyes focused on the TV.
“Yeah. You were fishing about my hookup, or lack thereof. How was yours?”
Tim softly sighed, but didn’t shy away from the subject.
“Horrible. I mean, she’s a friend of mine that I see once or twice a year, but I told her it wouldn’t happen anymore.”
Her body tensed this time.
“Why not?”
“Because I’m hoping to start a relationship with this girl I want to take on a date tomorrow.”
“W-who?”
He rolled, removing his arm from behind her head to hold his own up while he looked down at her, making sure she saw how serious he was.
“You. I like you, Lacy. I was scared to act on it before, due to my past. Due to my fucked up way of thinking and dealing with things. Due to my fucked up family life—”
“And mine?” she whispered, staring at him, entranced with every word coming out of his pink lips. 
“But then I realized that we’d be good together. We could take things slow, ignore our family troubles together. Maybe go on a trip, see how we are with each other. I like you, Lacy. Take out the tiny factor that we’re neighbors, and what’s to stop us from dating? From seeing where this could lead to? I’m not promising smooth sailing or a happily ever after, but I’m hoping for it. I’m hoping you’re not scared to give us a chance.”
“I’m not scared.” Immense feelings rushed her as she lifted her head and slanted her lips against his, then licked her lips and smiled at him. “Almond chicken? I missed a delicious meal.”
“You did. While you were on your disastrous date. Why the hell did you sit through a horror movie?”
“Because I didn’t want to be rude and walk out, and then because I was too scared to leave on my own.”
“Why did you watch a Scream marathon if you hate scary movies?”
“Because Scream is Scream. I watched them all when I was younger and wouldn’t have been that scared if you hadn’t given me and my friends a heart attack.
He shook his head before dipping his lips to hers once more. 
“No more dating jerks.”
“Psht, says you. I agreed to go on a date tomorrow with you, but didn’t agree to cancel my date on Friday.”
“Oh, really?” he asked, eyebrow raised. She nodded back, holding in her giggle. “Who are you dating on Friday?”
“I don’t know. Jalynn says she has a great guy she wants me to meet.”
“Jalynn, huh? If he’s so great, why doesn’t she date him?”
“That’s what I asked. She says it’s because he’s over twice her size and it would never work out.”
“Bryce,” he nearly growled.
“Bryce?”
“I bet it’s Bryce. And no, you’re not going on a date with him. He’s too touchy, feely.”
“What? Jay says he’s a perfect gentleman.”
“Let’s not always take Jay at her word, alright?”
“Fine, but you still can’t tell me what to do.”
“Fine, but your date on Friday just turned into a double date. You and Bryce and me with whoever I dig up.”
“What? That would be really awkward.”
“Would it? If you insist on going on a date with him, then I’m going to. Take it or leave it.”
Her eyes narrowed to slits while she deciphered how to respond. It wasn’t long before she sighed, closing her eyes and pulling the blanket back up to her chin. 
“Fine. If tomorrow goes great, I’ll cancel Friday.”
“Good. Now get some sleep, beautiful. Who knows how long you’ll be out on your date tomorrow night?”
“Hmm. Guess I’ll have to incessantly think about it all day tomorrow then.”
“G’night, Lacy.”
“Night, Tim. You’re staying right? I mean, you don’t have to, but if you’re comfortable—”
“I’ll stay.”
“Thanks.”









TWENTY THREE

“I’m so sorry, Tim, but Mr. Knox is making me stay late to work on this project. Says I’ll probably be done by seven, but then I have a seven AM meeting, so can’t be out late.”
“What’s so important to him that it can’t wait until tomorrow?”
“No idea. Unless this is some sort of uber important new client. But it’s irrelevant, I have to stay. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry. It’s not like we can’t reschedule.”
“Oh, shit, he’s coming. Gotta go, bye.”
“Lacy? You busy?” Mr. Knox asked, poking his head through her open doorway.
“Just sent you the finished McHugh’s proposal, and emailed you the new requirements for the hotel plans for the Reggins account.”
“Perfect. Can I see you in my office for a quick meeting?”
“S-sure.”
A little unnerved by his calm tone and blank features, she stood and followed him to his office silently, shutting the door behind her when he gestured to while taking a seat behind his desk. 
“Have a seat. I just wanted to thank you again for coming back to work and not succumbing to the petty rumors around here. Your professionalism is and always has been appreciated.”
“Thank you, sir. I feel that the work place is just that; a place to work. Gossip and bad mouthing get you nothing but trouble here.”
“Agreed. But I’d like to take this time to get your opinion on Mr. Garcia. I’ve had several complaints in the last month alone regarding his behavior. Any insights?”
Her jaw dropped. This moment is exactly what she’d been waiting for. The opportunity to shed some light on dwindling management rarely comes up. But here it is!
“Actually, sir, I’m glad you brought it up. He’s been handling his time here poorly, barely getting anything done. He passes off his work to several other employees and spends most of his time in the bathroom. Truth be told, I’m not sure if he’s sick or on drugs, but he spends a lot of time in the bathroom, when he bothers to show up at all. He was here two days last week, while you were gone, and I’m pretty sure he left at noon today.”
Need she go on? Really, he deserved to get fired and it clearly showed.
“Why didn’t anyone say anything? How long has this been going on?”
“Since I’ve noticed? A couple months maybe. And people were probably scared to say something. The last person to confront him got fired. Remember Cindy? She called him on it, then then next day he found an excuse to fire her.”
“Actually, Cindy was fired because I asked him to. She was caught on tape taking three reams of paper home with her. Stealing is stealing.”
Lacy nodded, understanding.
“Agreed, sir. I had no idea she was stealing. Everyone in the office just thought it was because of Mr. Garcia.”
“So, he’s been leaving early, not showing up, and spending most of his time in the bathroom while not completing any of his work?”
“From my perspective, yes. That’s exactly what I’ve witnessed.”
“Alright. Thank you for telling me. You’ve always been nothing but honest with me, and I thank you for that.”
“It’s not a problem, sir.”
Mr. Knox’s head bounced up and down as he nodded, hand resting under his chin while he continued to stare at her. Lacy smiled back, a little uncomfortable.
“So, tell me Lacy, is there anything else I should know about?”
She froze. What? Is he accusing her of something?
“Sir? Anything specific you’d like to know?”
“Lance Freeman called me today. Says the two of you went on a date last night.”
“Oh, sir. I’m sorry, but he didn’t relent in asking to take me to dinner last night, so when my previous plans fell through, I agreed to meet him.”
“And you left him in the parking lot without a ride?”
“What? Oh, shit!” She threw a hand over her mouth, trying to block the obscene curses that threatened to escape when her mouth opened. “I’m so sorry, sir. We met at the mall for dinner and then a movie. I assumed he had his own ride back to the hotel.”
“I don’t need you to apologize, but dating someone within the company is never a good idea.”  His eyes lit up with amusement.
“Agreed, sir. I completely understand. I’ll call and apologize for apparently deserting him first thing tomorrow.”
“Only if you want to.”
Lacy smiled back at him, nodding.
“Was there a new proposal needing edited for tonight?”
“Actually no. You’re free to go. I just wanted to make sure you weren’t going to meet up with Lance again, but by the look of horror on your face whenever his name is said, I think it’s safe to say you won’t be seeing him any longer.”
“That’s 100% accurate, sir. I have no plans to see Mr. Freeman in any setting accept for work, and that’s only because I can’t avoid it.”
“Glad to hear it.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, sir.”
“Anthony,” he prompted, standing when she stood.
“Anthony. And thanks for not being upset about me leaving Lance in the parking lot. The jerk took me to a horror movie after I specifically asked him to pick anything that wasn’t scary.”
“Ahh. Hence the abandoning. You did the right thing. I hope my daughter would be a quick thinker like you in that type of situation.”
“If she’s got your brains, I’m sure she’ll be just fine.”
Mr. Knox gestured for her to leave, then followed behind, walking her back to her office.
“Always so professional. Tell me, Lacy, aside from the incident with your father, has there ever been a moment that you haven’t been prepared for anything?”
She paused behind her desk, locking eyes with him to gauge his mood. Was he being playful? Curious? Testing her? She had no idea. That damn blank face of his never gave away anything.
“I like to be prepared for anything, but to be honest, lately I’ve been anything but. People are surprising me left and right, leaving me speechless. Like with Tim, when he showed up unannounced with that ridiculous costume on. I thought for sure I’d have a heart attack and that you’d demand we both leave the premises immediately. I’m lucky it turned out you knew the guy. There’s no trying to explain him, as you know, and I had no idea how to handle him.”
“Speaking of Tim, he isn’t…still bothering you, is he?”
That confused her. 
“Bothering? No. He’s actually a great guy.” When he continued to stare at her, not responding, she pushed her purse straps up her shoulder and smiled. “Did he leave on good terms when he quit working here?”
“He left on his own, no one made him.”
“Probably because he started up his computer software company. He told me it’s going great and he enjoys more free time. Maybe you could use him to create a more efficient program for us. There’s so many glitches in the software we’re using now and they always say it’ll get fixed and it never does.”
“That’s actually a great idea, Lacy. I’ll put in a call with him tomorrow.”
“I’ll see him tonight, if you want me to do it. We are next door neighbors, after all.”
“If he’ll agree to it, tell him to come in at nine to meet with me.”
“I’m sure he will, thanks Mr. Knox.”
His eyes almost rolled while he removed his shoulder from her door frame. 
“Call me Anthony, please, when no one else is here.   Every time you call me Mr. Knox I get another gray hair. Speaking of which, my wife is throwing a party this Saturday to celebrate our daughter’s birthday. Come. Bring a date, that’s fine. Many of our clients will be there, along with a few coworkers.”
“I appreciate the offer, but until today, I didn’t even know you had a daughter. I’d feel incredibly out of place.”
“I understand, but if you change your mind, the offer still stands.”
“Thank you, Anthony, I will.”
“Have a good night,” he called as she turned and waved him off before stepping into the elevator. “Holy cow,” she whispered to herself while digging her phone out of her purse. That’s the longest non work related conversation she’d ever witnessed with him. 
“Hello, beautiful,” Tim crooned into the phone.
She smiled, making her way out of the building toward her car.
“Hey. I just got off if you still want to make this happen tonight.”
“Of course I do. And I won’t keep you out late since you have an early meeting.”
“Appreciate it. I’ll be home in ten, so, see you in thirty? How should I dress? Where are we going?”
“Hmm, well I’m wearing a suit, so wear a dress. It’s a surprise where we’re going.”
“A suit? That gray one?”
“The gray one.”
“Damn, ok then give me at least forty five minutes before you show up.”
He chuckled into the phone. 
“I’ll be on your doorstep at seven, how does that sound?”
That would give her a little over an hour.
“Perfect. See you soon.”
As soon as she hung up, she peeled out of her parking spot, rushing home to shower, change and look her very best for a man who gave Bond a run for his money.

Lacy had just zipped up her dark purple strapless, spandex dress when the doorbell rang. She quickly fluffed her hair, checked her face, then grabbed her silver clutch while slipping on her heels. The conservative length of her dress hugged the very top of her knees, while hiding most of her legs but showcasing them at the same time with the soft, elastic material.
“Coming!” she called, suddenly feeling nervous. Was she dressed up enough? Too much? It was hell not knowing where he was taking her.
The door opened, revealing Tim filling out his dark gray suit perfectly, the front light illuminating him in the darkening sky like he was a gift from the gods. Lacy’s mouth dropped open. He continued smiling like the devil with his hands behind his back.
“For you,” he announced, handing over a bouquet of deep red roses wrapped with white lace.
“They’re beautiful, Tim,” she gushed, smelling the flowers while staring at him. “Come in.”
“You look absolutely stunning, Lacy.” She stopped in the kitchen to glance back at him, smiling her appreciation at his compliment. “Truly. That purple brings out the amazing color of your eyes.” 
“Thank you. You look as Bond as ever. How do you go anywhere without women throwing themselves at you?”
She’d meant it to come out playful, but it sounded more like a severely curious question.
“I’d ask you the same about men.”
With the flowers secured in a crystal vase, she turned her full attention back to Tim.
“I’d say very easily. I seem to put off a vibe. A ‘don’t come near me’ vibe. You seem to be immune to it, though.”
“Must be, since I can’t stay away from you.”
She licked her lips, tasting the strawberry tint of her lip gloss.	
Her libido was off the charts. Everything he said made her want to jump him. Every move he made highlighted his muscles beneath his clothes. Every perusal made her feel like the most beautiful woman in the world.
“Ready?”
“Yes,” she whispered back. She was ready for him. Completely. 
“To go?” he reiterated, smiling at her quick response, having no doubt as to what she was thinking about.
“Yes,” she repeated, walking ahead of him when he waited for her to take the lead. 
They were halfway down her hallway when she stopped in her tracks, turning to face him. With both hands cupping her bare biceps, he looked deep into her eyes.
“Is something wrong?” he asked, stepping close enough for her to feel his heat. 
Lacy shook her head, her curls bouncing playfully as she licked her lips again.
“Kiss me,” she pleaded, staring into his eyes, waiting for him to obey.
With zero hesitation he took another step forward, then slowly lifted his right hand and brushed her cheek before sifting his warm fingers through her hair. She leaned up, meeting him halfway to lock lips. His lips softened against hers, holding them tightly between his before they slowly parted and meshed together again.  He broke away, pecking her lips once more before placing a feather light kiss on her forehead. 
“I’ve never wanted to make love to a woman more in my life. We better go before we don’t make it at all.”
Again, his words made her entire body tingle in awareness. Instead of throwing herself at him, she smiled playfully then led him out of the house, locking it behind them.
He took her hand, lacing his fingers with hers, then slowly walked her over to his house and through the front door.
“Would you like a drink before we leave? Our reservations aren’t until eight.”
“Yes, thank you.” 
Tim kissed her knuckles before releasing her hand.
“Wine, whiskey or beer?”
“We’re too dressed up for beer. How about wine?”
“That’s what I was thinking. White or red?”
“Red.”
“Coming right up.”
She gracefully perched on the bar stool while watching him open the bottle and pour the glasses, then held her glass up as he offered a toast.
“To not working late.”
“Cheers.”
They clinked their glasses and sipped their wine, savoring the deep taste while their eyes remained locked on one another. 
That’s it. She can’t take it anymore.
Lacy flew from her chair the second both of their glasses were placed on the counter. He caught her, lifting her onto the counter while positioning himself between her legs. They wrapped around his waist, locking him tightly against her core. The heat from them both was driving her crazy.
“I can’t wait any longer,” she pleaded before thrusting her tongue into his mouth and her hips against his.
His only response was a grunt as he eagerly returned her advances. 
Moaning, panting and heavy breathing continued in a structured pattern as they dry humped on his kitchen counter. It was the perfect level for him to undo his pants, release himself, then bury deep within her…but he didn’t. Instead, his left hand snuck up her dress, cupping her heat.
“Yes,” she moaned, rocking against him. 
Her head fell back. His right hand held her up, arching her back, leaving her breasts pressed up and out for the taking.  Her heaving breaths enhanced her curves, only enticing him more.  The amount of pleasure rushing through her was too much. She lifted her head and threw her arms around his neck, locking lips once more. Throwing all her weight forward, he was forced to remove his hand and grip her hips, taking a step back so they wouldn’t fall over.
She cried out, rubbing her clit against his throbbing, clothed cock, biting his lower lip before he turned and squished them up against the wall. “Yes, yes!” she cried, riding out her orgasm while digging her fingers into his shoulders. He continued to rock against her while hurriedly unzipping her dress from behind.
“Take me. I want you.”
“I want you,” he growled back. 
Lowering her to the ground, she got to work on his belt and zipper while he released her breasts, all without breaking their kiss and walking backwards toward his staircase, which she knew led to his bedroom.
They made it to the first step before he lowered her and removed her panties, bunching her dress up to her waist to gain entry. With his underwear and pants hanging low on his hips, he thrust into her, swallowing her gasp of surprise and pleasure while squeezing her breast and rocking into her.  Her hips went slack with legs widened, giving him deeper access to better pleasure them both. Both hands gripped his shirt while she rocked up into his thrusts, moaning her pleasure into his mouth while trying to come to release once more. She couldn’t get enough of him. 
Tim took complete control of her body, bringing every nerve ending to life. She needed him, craved him. 
“Fuck, Lacy. You’re so—ah!” His body tensed, his neck muscle straining as he thrust deep inside her once more, releasing his seed while his body shook with pleasure. When he pulled back, his eyes were a deep gray and full of lust, searching her face. “Shit. I came too soon, didn’t I?”
Her answering smile made his cock twitch, slowly bringing it back to life. She felt it and squirmed against him.
“It’s not like I didn’t come before, don’t worry.”
“Don’t worry? That’s every mans worry.” She rolled her eyes. “Will you give me another chance?” he pleaded, hands kneading her breasts while trying to sway her answer in his direction.
“Of course. But you only have until five in the morning.”
His mouth claimed hers once more, lifting and carrying her the rest of the way up the stairs and into his bedroom. A deep blue comforter covered his king sized bed. She was too busy to assess the rest of his room. He laid her on the bed after stripping them both of every piece of clothing, then disappeared into his en suite, coming back a few minutes later with a warm, wet washcloth, cleaned between her legs and his, then tossed it into the corner before reclaiming his position between her legs. 
“I didn’t use a condom, but this time I will.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
“Take care of it?”
“Yeah. I’m on the pill, but I’ll take a plan B, just in case.”
“Oh.”
“Is something wrong?” she asked when he ceased his roaming hands.
“No. Nothing’s wrong, sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, just rock my world,” she teased, pulling his head back up to lock her lips over his. 
They were so gentle yet so demanding. The expert way his tongue parted her lips was the same way his body had her legs parting like a blooming flower. He was already hard and ready for another round. She gasped.
“Are you sure you’re ready?” she asked, astounded by his apparent stamina.
“I’m constantly hard around you, Lacy. Or haven’t you noticed? I’m not even close to getting my fill of you. Not even close.”
“Back at ya. Now, let’s get back to business because I want you in me. Now.”
He reached over to his bed stand, pulled out a condom and sheathed himself in it. 
“No foreplay?” he asked.
“Nope. I wana see what this bad boy can do.”
Her hips arched, rolling against his solid member. She was still wet. Still wanting. He slid into her, filling her completely until his hips rested against the back of her thighs, then slowly slid out until only his head remained securely inside of her.  His bent down, kissing her tenderly, stroking his tongue along hers while sliding in and out of her, making sure to apply pressure to her clit with every move. Making sure she was delirious with desire while letting his hands roam from her neck, down her arms, waist, then back up to her breasts where he gently cupped, teased and held them. His mouth never left hers. They made love with their tongues while making love. It was making love, not fucking. This was far from fucking. 
The first attempt had been hurried, desperate, fucking. This? This was pure, tender, deep, loving. He loved her body, touching places inside her she wasn’t expecting. Her arms came around his neck and gently held him against her before digging her nails into his back, rolling her hips up while sighing deeply into his mouth. 
“Good. So good,” she whispered when he sucked her earlobe into her mouth. She returned the favor, licking his lobe before biting it, tugging it when she neared her peak. 
Her legs wrapped around his waist and held him against her, urging him to pick up the pace. He thrust again, sneaking his hand in between their bodies to heighten her pleasure. 
When she cried out his name, legs shaking, body trembling, he held himself still deep inside of her while pressing down on her clit. Her body twitched, grinding against him. Tim took her mouth, prolonging her orgasm while drawing tiny circles with his thumb and pumping in and out of her. 
“Again,” he prompted when he picked up his momentum and continued to press against her pleasure zone. 
A brand new wave of orgasm hit her at the same time he came inside of her. They cried out each other’s names, sealing it with a kiss that lasted a few minutes after coming down off the euphoric high. They rolled to their sides, him still encased inside of her as he pulled the covers over them and held her close. 
She never let him go. They continued to kiss until they both dozed off in each other’s arms. 
Lacy awoke some time later to the sound of the shower running with the door cracked open, revealing a tiny sliver of light.  Tim wasn’t lying next to her. She got up and silently opened the door to find him standing under the showers spray through the glass door, both hands up against the wall and his back to her. She took a moment to check her face and wipe the smeared eye liner away before stepping in and joining him.
It startled him as he turned to face her. It startled her to see red rims around his eyes indicating he’d been crying. She gasped, wrapping her arms around his neck to offer comfort.
“What’s wrong?” she whispered when he wrapped his arms around her naked hips, pulling her tight against him.
Instead of responding, he picked her up and entered her before almost savagely taking her lips, thrusting into her with a fierce determination. She could see the torment in his eyes. Her legs wrapped around his waist and gave him free reign of her body to do with as he pleased. It wasn’t long before they both came to release, panting heavily in the steamy shower while they gained their bearings. 
After drying off and cuddling back in bed, she prompted the subject again.
“What happened? Are you alright?”
His head was buried against her chest while she sifted her fingers through his hair and held him close.
“My grandpa died.” She held her breath. “He died on Tuesday for two minutes before they revived him, and no one told me until tonight. My sister called while we were sleeping. It just hit me hard that I might not’ve seen him again and no one even told me. I want you to meet him. He’ll be at Jalynn’s birthday dinner this weekend and I want you to come.”
“Of course. I’d love to meet him. Did he have a heart attack or something? I’m so glad he’s alright.”
“Stroke, yes. He’s been my biggest role model ever since I was a boy. I’m not ready to lose him.”
“He pulled through. Don’t think of it as almost losing him, but as him getting another, longer chance at life.”
They lay in silence, her stroking his hair, him rubbing her back, as they both enjoyed the serenity of the moment. It was two o’clock in the morning and they were both exactly where they wanted to be. In each other’s arms. 
“Tomorrow. Meet my grandpa tomorrow. He’ll be home from the hospital then.”
“Ok. Do you want to go first thing in the morning? I can stay home from work.”
“You’d do that?” he asked, lifting his head so he could look in her eyes. 
“Of course. This is important to you, so it’s important to me. Is that cheesy?” she grimaced when he continued to stare at her.
“No. It’s not cheesy. It’s wonderful. And I know how important your job is to you so how about you go to your meeting and I pick you up after it.”
“Oh, that reminds me. Mr. Knox wants to schedule a meeting with you tomorrow at nine to setup a consultation about you creating a new software program for us. Ours is terrible and is always crashing, so he said he’d hire you.”
“You asked him to hire me?”
“I suggested it, and he agreed. Why, are you too busy? He won’t be in any hurry; we can wait.”
“No, no. I’ll do it.”
“Good. That means I’ll get to see you in work mode. It’ll be great.”
“Great, indeed. You go to your meeting and I’ll go to mine, then I’ll steal you away early and we’ll go see grandpa.”
“Perfect.”
“Now, get some sleep.”
“Yes, sir. Do you have an alarm set?”
“No, but I brought your purse up; figured your phone was in it.”
Tim reached over the side of the bed and retrieved it, handing it over to her.
“Thanks. I’ll try not to wake you when I get up.”
“No worries.”
She smiled, wrapping her leg over his while snuggling into his chest.
“Sorry we missed dinner.”
“I’m not. I mean, I was looking forward to spending more time with you but I think the night turned out alright. Don’t you?”
“Tim, tonight was amazing. Best first date ever. And only the second time that I’ve slept with someone on the first.”
“First is the worst, second is the best…right?”
She laughed. Did he really just say that?
“Of course.” Her hormones jumped back to life and was ready for round four, but knew they wouldn’t get back to sleep before she had to leave if she acted on it. They had tomorrow for that. He wasn’t going anywhere, she could feel it. “I’d offer to go home, but I’m way too comfortable.”
“Good. Don’t go home. I’d talk you out of it if you tried.”
“Sure you would.”
“Yep. I’d tell you – never mind. Don’t want to scare you.”
“Oh, stop.”
He trapped her in his arms, locking his feet around hers.
“I stopped. Stay. Please stay.”
“I’ll stay,” she promised, yawning against his chest. “I’ll stay.”










TWENTY FOUR

“Lacy!”
“Grandpa!”
After meeting Tim’s grandparents a few days before, Lacy already couldn’t get enough of them. The cutest, oldest, hunchbackeyest, hairiest couple in the world, not to mention sweetest and most loving. Toward each other. Not a single bickering word toward one another. Not one dirty look or scowl. They were beautiful and Lacy envied all the time Tim had gotten to spend with them, or so that’s what she’d told him multiple times since meeting them.
As soon as they walked through the grand entrance of his parents’ home she dropped his hand and rushed over to encase his grandparents in gigantic hugs. He strolled toward them, enjoying the affection they all shared before re-taking his position at her side.
His grandmother wheeled his grandfather away so he could introduce her to the rest of his family.
They actually just stood in a sort of receiving line as each member came forward and introduced themselves before exiting the open double doors that led out to the tent in the back yard.
When his mother finally made her entrance in a pale yellow floor length dress that looked to belong in a ballroom, he tensed while awaiting the inevitable awkwardness.
“Mother, I’d like you to meet Lacy. My girlfriend. Lacy, this is my mother, Clare.”
“It’s such a pleasure to meet you, Clare. You have a beautiful home.”
“Thank you, darling.” An outstretched hand filled with multiple diamond rings and bracelets galore, waited for her son to take hold. “I’m so sorry, Lacy, but would you mind if I stole my son away for just a moment?”
“Of course not.” When he glanced at her to make sure she was really ok with that, she gave him a smile and kissed his cheek, prompting him to go. “I’ll go find your grandparents.”
“That was exceptionally rude,” he hissed to his mother when Lacy was out of ear shot. “You barely acknowledged her.”
“Oh, honey, she seems perfectly capable of handling anything.”
“I like her, mother. If you don’t converse politely with her at least once today, I won’t be coming back. That’s a promise.”
“Honey look at her. You can do so much better. She wore jeans, for heaven’s sake!”
“Which is exactly what I’m wearing and exactly what Jalynn’s wearing. You’re the only one dressed up like we’re at some sort of Gala. Besides, she looks absolutely stunning no matter what she wears. Just because you choose to live a certain lifestyle, doesn’t mean your children do.”
“A little harsh, don’t you think? I raised you better than to talk to me that way.”
“And your parents raised you better than to act the spoiled housewife. I’ll let you know before we leave, mother.”
He took his leave rather abruptly, anxious to get back to Lacy’s side. Jalynn joined him on the back patio.
“That was…there are no words for how amazing that just was.”
“Eavesdropping, Soy?”
“Quit calling me that! So I put soy sauce on everything; a lot of people do.”
“On their steak? Chicken? Their green beans and corn?”
“Anyways,” she scoffed, dragging out the word to change the subject. “Yes, I was. But don’t think that’s going to stop her from whatever she has planned for you tonight.”
“It never does.”
“And you’re right, Lacy does look amazing even in just jeans. I changed into jeans as soon as I saw you guys walk in. Oh, look! Bryce is here. I’ll have to make sure they meet.”
“Just stop. We’re together. No need to try and make me jealous.”
“Together, together? Since when? What the hell? I’ve been working on making you jealous for like, a week now. All that planning for nothing.”
“Looks that way.” He stopped to kiss her forehead as soon as they entered the tent. “Please help me keep an eye out for mom. I don’t want her left alone with Lacy, understood?”
“Gotcha, Romeo. Oh! Is Mac coming? He said he was going to but then I haven’t seen him.”
“I haven’t talked to him all week. Just call him,” he suggested while walking away. 
Lacy was in the middle of the dance floor surrounded by at least a dozen children under ten. The bunny hop was playing. She looked like a goof while trying to get all the children to join in. He couldn’t help himself. He stepped on the floor and pulled her into his arms, startling them all with a lingering kiss before releasing her, then picking up where she left off. Holding hands and dancing, hopping in a circle with the children had to be the funnest thing he’d done at his childhood home since puberty. The song changed to the YMCA, which they stayed and danced to with Jalynn, who ushered Mac and Tara along with her.
Lacy broke away and wrapped her friend in a gigantic hug before whispering something in her ear, then resumed dancing with him and the handful of kids still lingering near their legs. They finished the song out before the men went to get refreshments and the women took their seats at an empty table. 
“I’ve never seen you dance before,” Mac commented while waiting in line for the bartender.
“I’ve never wanted to before.” He chuckled, patting his friend on the back. “Not that I’d call that dancing.” They both laughed. “I hear a congratulations is due. When’s the big day?”
“Actually, I wanted to talk to you and your parents about that. We want to save up our money to buy a home together, so was hoping we could have a small ceremony here. We’ll cover all the costs of everything, of course, but if we could save out on renting a place, it would help a lot.”
“You know mother would love that. Only question is; will you and Tara be able to handle her? Tara’s got quite the mouth on her and you know how mother is.”
“Yes, I do. That’s why I planned on not having them plan anything together. Tara will pick everything out and I’ll make sure it’s taken care of, that way your mom won’t be able to veto or change anything.”
“Like I said, it’s up to you. Or you could have it at the lake house. That way my parents won’t have to be there.”
“C’mon man. You know I have to invite them. Aside from everything, I practically grew up here. If it weren’t for you and your parents I’d probably be living on the streets right now.”
“Where are our drinks?” Jalynn whined from right beside Tim. “You girls are too busy yapping that people are moving in front of you.”
“Sorry, Birthday girl. Coming right up.” Mac wrapped her in a gigantic hug, then pushed his way forward while talking loud enough for everyone to hear him explain it’s for the birthday girl. “I think Tara hates me,” she whispered for Tim’s ears only.
He glanced over at their table to see Tara and Lacy engaged in what looked to be a highly important, detailed story.
“Why do you say that? They’re just talking.”
“Yeah, well we were fine last time we hung out, but now she ignores me. Full on ignores me.”
“Who ignores you?” Mac asked, handing her a glass of champagne while balancing four more.
“Umm, no one. So when’s the big day? I saw that gorgeous diamond on your girls finger. Congratulations, Mac!”
“Thanks, Jay. I was hoping to hire you to help Tara with the wedding plans. Would you be up for that?”
“Only if it’s what she wants. And please let her know that I’ve only planned two other parties and they were nothing special. I don’t want to get her hopes up.”
“We already talked about it and she sounded on board. But we can talk about it later. Today’s your day.”
“Damn straight. Which means I get one wish to come true. Tradition. Don’t even try to get out of it now.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“I want us all to go out dancing after this. Away from the in-laws.”
“Sounds good.”
“What sounds good?” Tara asked as they took a seat with them. 
Tim grabbed Lacy and positioned her on his lap while the other three conversed.
“Tara doesn’t like Jalynn?” he whispered.
Lacy tried to remain relaxed with a smile on her face while whispering back.
“We actually just got done talking about that, but no. She’s fine with her. I’ll tell you later if you promise not to shoot the messenger.”
From across the room, he locked eyes with his father.
“Only if you promise the same.”
“About what?” she asked.
“Here, drink this.”
A glass of champagne was forced into her hands. She took a long sip before placing it back on the table.
“By the way, I could’ve dressed up. We seem to be the only people wearing jeans.”
“There’s no need. We won’t stay too long, and I wanted us both to be comfortable.” She kissed his cheek, pressing her breasts up against his chest. “And Jalynn wants to go out after this.”
“Ok. We left her present in the car.”
“I’ll get it later.”
“Hello everyone.” At the deep baritone sound of his father’s voice, everyone stood, except for him and Lacy. Her shoulders tensed as she turned her head to look in his direction, then bolted off Tim’s lap and went to shake his hand.



“Mr. Knox! What a surprise. It’s good to see you.”
“A surprise?”
“When did you meet our dad?” Jalynn asked, clearly confused with her having known him without introduction.
It took a second before everything clicked in her mind. For everything to make sense.
“Your father.” A statement, not a question. “Of course he is. Why wouldn’t I know that? Of course I know that you’re Tim’s father. Duh.”
Tim stood from his seat, then wrapped his arm around Lacy’s waist.
“If you’d all excuse us, we need to talk.”
He started to pull her along but she dug her heels in, ceasing his quick getaway.
“Actually, Mr. Knox, would you please join us?”
The three of them escaped the tent, being led by Lacy a good hundred feet or so into the green, away from the house. As soon as she stopped, she spun around to face both men, fisting her hands at her sides. 
“First, I need the keys so I can go grab Jalynn’s present from the car. Second, you two will talk about anything and everything while I’m gone. Don’t let anyone interrupt you, and don’t shy away. You need to get this out in the open and now. No more delaying it.”
She held her hand out for the keys, but Tim hesitated.
“Lacy, please—”
“I’m fine, Tim. This isn’t about me. Keys.”
He finally handed them over, pleading for her forgiveness before she turned and left them both to deal with their issues.
His father.
Of course he’s his father.
Of course she’d be blindsided by something that was probably being shoved in her face the entire time.
“Idiot. Idiot, idiot, idiot,” she chanted for the ten minutes it took to walk around the house, into the drive way, then to his car. 
Mac and Tara were just coming out the front door when she stepped onto the first of what seemed like twenty front steps.
“What happened?” Tara squealed. “His father? Shit, girl. The boss’s son? Nice.”
“I had no freaking clue! Did you?”
“No, but I’m not dating Tim. Didn’t you put it together when you found out his last name?”
Her jaw ticked as she glared at Tara. 
“I didn’t find out till twenty minutes ago! I’m such an idiot!”
“Calm down, ladies.” Mac’s warm tone cut in. “They’ll be fine. Is it that big of a deal?”
Both women turned to glare at him.
“Says the man who withheld this piece of information.”
“Hey, this isn’t my fault. Don’t drag me into it.” He took Tara’s hand and started down the stairs. “I’m sorry, Lacy, but Tim’s an amazing man. I haven’t seen him this happy in a long time. Please, give him a chance to explain himself. Please don’t just run out on him.”
“Pssshht.” She had nothing. No comeback. So settled for crossing her arms and tapping her foot. “Just go. Go enjoy your engagement. I’m throwing you a party next Saturday, so be prepared.”
“Love you, Lacy. Sorry again about this week. I’ll see you Monday!” Tara’s voice got louder as Mac pulled her further away.
“Bye!”
Instead of heading inside, Lacy decided to take a walk around the other side of the house to catch a glimpse of the garden.  It turned out to be a rosebush wall that hid a large basketball and tennis court. A handful of teenage kids were taking turns skateboarding over a homemade ramp.  She took a seat next to the Tennis court net with a few young girls, placing the gift next to her knees.
“Hi, I’m Lacy,” she beamed, taking her eyes off the boys for a second to smile at them.
“You’re the dancing girl,” one of them pointed out with a grin full of missing teeth.
“I guess so,” Lacy shrugged. “I’ve never skateboarded before, have you?”
“It looks too hard. And plus, they’d just laugh at us.”
“Probably. Wait here, I’ll give you all something to laugh at.”
She stood, removed her heels, then waved while walking the remaining twenty feet toward the boys.
“Hey, there. Mind if I try?”
“N-no,” a freckled face boy replied. He was clearly the oldest. And the tallest. The one in charge if Tim’s family was anything like her family. “You board?”
She laughed.
“Ha. No, but I’d love to try if your helmet fits me. I don’t need to crack my head open when I fall.”
“Oh we’ll help you.”
He handed over his helmet. She secured it while each of the boys, down to the smallest who couldn’t be more than five, spoke at once while explaining what she needed to do. Instead of even pretending to get the gist of it, she whistled with her fingers to get all of their attention.
“Ok, I didn’t hear any of that. How about one of you holds this hand, and one of you holds this one, then you just slowly walk me over the ramp so I feel like I’m doing it.”
“Ok!” 
The oldest took each of her hands, then the youngest ones stood on either side of her, waiting to catch her if she fell forward or backward. 
“Here we gooo,” she sang as they made the descend down. It was a little rocky, but she made it.  “Ooh, that was fun! Now when I’m on even ground, I can just kick my leg like this?”
“Yeah, that’s it.”
She gave herself a big push, then wobbled while moving in a straight line. All of the kids followed after her, giggling at every move and sound she made. A clicking sound drew her attention to the nearby brush where a man stood on the sidelines wearing all black. Freckles noticed her confused line of sight.
“That’s George, the photographer. Mrs. Knox hires him for every party to take pictures.”
“Oh, gotcha.”
Her ride came to an end shortly after. She talked the boys into treating each of the girls to a similar simulation so they could try it. Each of them did before the boys each took turns showing off. It was starting to get dark outside when a commotion caught their attention at the entrance Lacy had walked through. With little Betsy in her lap and the remaining girls sitting in a circle singing nursery rhymes, it took them a minute to realize they had more company. 
Lacy stood just as Tim burst from the crowd, rushing toward her.
“Are you alright?” he asked, calming the moment he took in her smile. 
“Of course. Are you? What’s happening?”
“We were looking for you. I’ve been in a panic. I thought you left with Mac and Tara, but when he said he wasn’t with you and my car was still here, I freaked out, thinking you’d hitchhiked or something. Or worse, that you’d been cornered by my mother and was now curled up in a corner crying somewhere.”
“Oh. Sorry. I got distracted with skateboarding, and then decided to stay and play.”
“Is she—Oh, I see she’s just fine, Timothy. Nothing to worry about, everyone. Let’s head back to the party.”
As a whole and on Mrs. Knox’s demand, everyone started making their way back across the lawn, even the children. It was getting darker by the minute, after all, and wouldn’t be able to see very well soon. 
“C’mon, Betsy,” Tim cooed. “I’ll carry you.” 
She eagerly climbed into his arms, then laid her head against his shoulder. The rest of the girls formed a train with the oldest holding Lacy’s hand and so on and so forth. Tim reached out and grabbed her free one, then pressed a kiss to her forehead before they started out. 
“Where’ve you been?” Betsy asked loud enough for all to hear. 
Tim shook his head, then smiled over at Lacy.
“I was lost, Betsy. I’m sorry.”
“Lost? Yeah, you seemed lost,” one of the girls piped up. “We haven’t played in ages.”
“Ages? You’re only six. Surely you don’t remember all our games.”
“I do. I remember. I remember them all, but then you left.”
“I know. I’m sorry, girls.”
When they reentered the tent, live music was playing again with the lights starting to come on and illuminate the space. 
Lacy pinpointed the grandparents and bee lined it for them. 
“There you are, dear. We’ve been so worried.”
“Oh, don’t worry about me. I was just with the kids near the tennis court. I tried skateboarding for the first time,” she beamed, proud of her accomplishment. 
“Skateboarding?” Tim asked, not letting her out of his sight. 
“Yep. The strong young men behind you helped me.”
“I’m just glad you’re safe, honey. Don’t give an old man like me more to worry about.” Grandpa’s words were strong, but not harsh.
“Oh, never. Never again I promise.”
“Good.” He patted her hand, then kissed it. “We’re going to head out, now.”
“Perfect, we’ll walk you out,” she volunteered with a wide grin in Tim’s direction.
“We don’t need to be a bother.”
“Nonsense,” Tim piped in. “We’ll walk you out and take our own leave.”
It took another twenty minutes to get past everyone, including the beast she learned is Tim’s mother. For such a dainty woman, she sure was mean. Getting past her with a smile seemed more difficult than it should’ve been. Lacy felt bad about having to force it, until a curly haired bombshell was thrust into Tim’s personal space as they were introduced like Lacy wasn’t even there. She rolled her eyes, then proceeded on without him while pushing his grandpa down the ramp and away from the crowd.
“My daughter will be hearing from me about this. Don’t you worry, dear.”
“I’m not worried, Grandpa. Tim’s a grown man and he’ll make his own decisions. Besides, I feel bad for him. All this wealth and friends, but the only love I’ve seen is from you and his sister. His parents…they’re something.”
“Shh, he’s coming. Now, you just stay the way you think, young Lacy. Don’t let anyone change you.”
“I won’t.” She kissed his cheek, then allowed Tim to help both grandparents into the limo awaiting them. “G’night!” she called just before Tim shut the door.
“Shall we?” he asked.
Instead of replying, face a mask of no emotion, she stepped forward and stared into his eyes. He watched her, seeming to be waiting for a slap, but kissed her back when she advanced on him. When she took a step back, he reached out and held her close while resting his forehead against hers.
“Wana go home and talk about it?” she asked, her voice so low and husky she barely recognized it herself. “Oh, shoot! I forgot Jay’s present on the tennis court. I’ll go get it.”
“No, she can. I’ll call her.”
Lacy laughed.
“Ok, you call her while I go get it. Be right back.”
She took off running, picking up the present in the exact spot it was left before, then turned to run back. A giggle pulled her attention to the far corner of the basketball side where a man was being led by the tie deeper into the surrounding hedges by a woman in a short, black dress.
“You’re so naughty, Mr. Knox!” she giggled, pulling him until they were both out of sight.
Lacy froze, confused, anxious and pissed all at the same time. She took a deep breath before calming herself down.
Maybe there’s a different Mr. Knox. There could be an uncle. She’d ask, just to be certain. 
Taking off at a slight sprint, she nearly collided with a giggling Jalynn holding a flash light who’d been running her way.
“Present! Thank you, thank you, thank you!” she cried while ripping it from Lacy’s hands, then running back toward the driveway. They both giggled since Jalynn couldn’t stop giggling. It was catching. By the time they made it back to Tim, he too was chuckling quietly to himself. “Present!” she yelled again before plopping down and opening it in front of them both. 
Lacy smiled, watching her child like wonder as she ripped through two layers of wrapping paper—that Tim insisted on—then laughed herself silly when she opened the box to find yet another box wrapped. 
Inside this box was a purse that Lacy had picked out, filled with candy, alcohol, toys, and a picture of Tim and Jalynn framed. She giggled until her cheeks turned red while clutching it all against her chest. 
“I love it!” a gigantic mini hug was given to both of them before she bounced back up the stairs with her treasure in hand. “Bye!”
“Wait. You’re staying here again?”
“Just for the night. Mom sold my condo but a new one will be ready for me tomorrow.”
Tim shook his head.
“Alright. Love you,” he called, waving her off and gesturing for Lacy to join him on the walk to the car.
It was a quiet ride home. But not uncomfortable. At least not for Lacy. She enjoyed the silence while resting her eyes.
“That’s twice now that I haven’t fed you. You didn’t eat anything, did you?”
“No, but I’m alright. I’ll eat left overs when I get home.”
“Sure? I could stop somewhere. I didn’t get a chance to eat, either.”
“Where did you have in mind? Oh, and only if it’s my treat.” 
He looked at her like she’d just stabbed him. 
“Why would I let you pay?”
“You paid last time?”
“You’re my girlfriend. I get to pay for you.”
“If I’m your girlfriend, doesn’t that give me the right to pay for you, too?”
His lips pursed before, “So, you’re still my girlfriend?”
Lacy rolled her eyes, then her head so she could look at him. 
“Unless I’m not supposed to be. You introduced me as your girlfriend. I thought that made it official.”
“Ah, good. I was hoping that’d do the trick.” He paused to clear his throat. “So, you’re not mad? You are mad and are waiting until I fall asleep to harm me?”
Lacy laughed, linking their fingers together.
“To be honest, I was mad Tim. I was mad that for some reason you felt the need to hide the fact that my boss is your father. I wasn’t sure if you were embarrassed of me or him. Or if this was just another one of your games. But then I realized that it didn’t matter. Your father hurt you in an unforgiving way and you’ve been trying to overcome it for some time now. I understand that he hurt you. I do. But I don’t want to be and won’t be some pawn between the two of you. Why didn’t he tell me you were his son? Neither of you seemed to want to talk about it. I hope you resolved some issues or came to some sort of understanding tonight, because I want no more surprises like that Tim. Do you know anyone else in my life?”
He looked relieved beyond belief to come out unharmed during that conversation.
“Not that I know of. Promise. And you’re right, I was scared and it was wrong of me to hide that from you. I won’t hold anything back like that again.”
“Good. Because it hurt my feelings.”
“I’m sorry. Out of everything, that’s not the reaction I expected or was worried about.”
“What were you expecting?”
“I don’t know. For tonight to be my last night on Earth.”
“Tim—”
“I’m sorry, Lacy. Truly. Mr. Knox is my father and I will forever have to live with it. We talked tonight and came to an agreement never to talk of it again. He apologized profusely and offered his best wishes for us, you and me, then he took off. It made me feel a little better, I have to admit. Thank you for pushing it. And thank you for coming tonight. Oh, and thank you for still being here.” 
He smiled, reaching over to grab her hand again.
“You’re welcome, to all of the above.”
When he pulled into a chain family restaurant and got out to lead her inside, she smiled up at him.
“Do you have any uncles?”
“A couple.”
“Your dads side or moms?”
“Moms. Dad only has one sister.”
“Oh, so were those your cousins?”
“A few. A few are my cousins kids. My mom has three brothers and a sister.”
“Oh.”
“Just wondering?”
“Just wondering,” she beamed, letting him take the lead once they entered the front door.
Well, that sums up the mystery of the man she caught necking someone other than his wife. Now all Lacy needed to decipher was whether or not to tell Tim.
“Wait, weren’t we supposed to go out with Jay?”
“She cancelled after my dad showed up. Believe it or not, the little munchkin actually sensed the tension and didn’t want to cause any further drama. She actually brought me aside and gave me ‘permission’ to take you home and treat you like a princess.”
“Oh, that’s so sweet.”
“Sweet. Sure. Now, let’s grab a booth in the bar.”
“So romantic.”
“Aren’t I?” he asked, smiling down at her while clearing a path through the lingering teenagers waiting for a table.  As soon as they sat down the waitress took their drink order before leaving them with the menus. “So why doesn’t Tara like Jay?”
“Oh, that.” He grinned when she diverted eye contact. “Well, it seems that Mac and Jay have a past and Tara was jealous, but now she’s fine. Jay is the sweetest. No one could stay mad at her.”
“Mac and Jay? Are you sure?”
She bit her cheek, looking up from the menu to gauge his reaction.
“They were each other’s firsts.” Tim said nothing for so long that Lacy started to panic. “You’re not mad are you? I mean, they’re grown-ups.”
“I’m not mad. I’m annoyed that they were together and kept it from me. I’m annoyed that Mac went behind my back like that after he promised me he’d never go there.”
“Please don’t say anything—”
“I won’t.” His response was quick and measured. Lacy simply nodded back. “So what about you and Tara? Besties again?”
“We’re good. Turns out she had a hangover and didn’t leave the room until she went down to the pool, which is apparently the time that I left it. And her phone was dead, on silent, charging in our room, so she didn’t get my texts until she came back up to get ready for dinner where she saw my note. She was pissed that I’d left without talking to her, but now understands things from my point of view.”
“Good.”
“Yes, I’m glad that we’re speaking again. But what about your dad? I mean, what did you say to him?”
The waitress reappeared with their drinks, took their order, then left them alone again.
“I let him know that I would never be able to trust him again, but I’d be willing to work professionally with him if he kept it that way.”
“And he agreed?”
“Whole heartedly. He might be sorry for what happened before, but has no intention of reentering my life any more than I intend to be in his.”
“At least you’d be able to be civil for family functions.”
“At least.”
“Do you…feel better?”
“I feel…the same, I think. Nothing’s changed. I still see him the same way I did this morning, only now there’s a little bit of a weight lifted. Like I can breathe easier.”
“Good. I’m glad. You deserve to be happy.”
“I am. I’m happy. With you.”
Her answering smile was breathtaking.
“I’m happy with you, too.”










TWENTY FIVE

“Just like that, yep. A little harder. Oh, you missed a spot.”
Tim was already groggy and irritated from his flight, only to come home a few hours early, letting himself into his girlfriend’s house to hear her animatedly talking to someone in a way that unnerved him. He silently stepped from the hallway into the kitchen, then into the dining room to find her leaning over the kitchen table holding a baby on her hip and urging on a toddler to finish coloring in what looked to be a cloud.
They could be her kids. Both of them had cute rosy cheeks, full upper lips, and bouncy heads of light colored hair. 
“Good job, Lily! It’s beautiful. We’ll keep that one for daddy for sure.” Lacy turned and saw him standing behind her, holding back a scream before she playfully swatted at him. “You scared the poo out of me!”
“Poo, poo,” the toddler repeated.
“And that’s why we don’t swear,” she whispered to Tim before kissing him long and hard. “Missed you.”
“I was only gone three days, right?” he asked while looking between her and the two children.
She laughed, shaking her head while he started undoing his tie. 
“You don’t remember Lily and Abby? Shocking. Especially since you’ve never met before. Tim, this is Lily and Abby. My cousin Freddie’s kids.”
“It’s wonderful to meet you both.” He lightly pinched Abby’s cheek until she smiled, then went and sat with Lily to admire her work, and finally relax his tired bones. “Can I color with you?” he asked, giving her puppy eyes and pouting when she shook her head no. “No? But I’m such a good colorer.”
“Lily, you know what we’ve taught you about sharing. Sharing is the right thing to do.”
“No,” she pouted again, moving every crayon and piece of paper out of Tim’s reach.
He held in his laughter and continued giving her puppy dog eyes. 
“I didn’t want to have to do this, Lily, but if you don’t share I’m going to give the brand new set of crayons and Precious Moments coloring book to Tim, instead of you.”
The little girl continued to stare him down while clamping her teeth together.
“N—”
“Don’t say it,” Tim whispered. “If you say it, you can’t take it back.”
Lacy held Abby out toward him, smiling while dropping the baby in his lap. 
“I’ve had to pee for over an hour. I’ll be right back.”
She left them alone. Lily’s glare didn’t falter, so he decided to turn his full attention back to Abby.
“Hello there, Abby. What do you do for a living?” He waited a few beats while pretending to be listening. “Oh, really? That’s interesting. Night shift? Oh, that’s gotta be rough.” Lily cracked a smile, but kept up her coloring. “No way! You’ve got an ice-cream machine in your office? I’ll have to stop by and see it some time. Oh, yeah. I’ve got my own car.”
Tim lifted Abby in the air, twirling her around the table, dipping her low before making her giggle by going high. By the time Lacy came back out Lily had completely ceased her coloring and was watching Tim with amazement.
“Oh, my turn!” Lacy teased, and nearly got the wind knocked out of her when Tim came up behind her and lifted her off her feet, then carried her around the living room where Abby continued to smile from her perched spot on the floor. Lacy laughed until she was plopped on the couch, then secretly had her mouth ravaged before he pulled back. Lily was peeking at them from behind the side of the couch. “I guess it’s my lucky day,” she breathed when he sat down beside her. “How was work?”
“Fine. It could’ve all been done through video conference, but these are new clients so I went to meet them face to face. How about you?”
“OK. Your dad finally fired Mr. Garcia.”
“Oh, yeah? You going to apply for the management position?”
“No. I like where I am. I don’t need even more stress.”
“True. Well at least he’s gone, then.”
“You know what I can’t understand?” she asked giving him a large wink. “There’s this tickling on my neck that won’t go away. What do you think it is?”
“Tickling? Are you hungry? Do you think you’re hungry?”
“No. It’s like there’s a butterfly on my neck. What is it? Will you look?”
Lily’s giggles were uncontrollable as she hid behind the couch and ducked down just as Tim looked over.
“I don’t see anything. But I hear something. What is that?” Lacy motioned for him to keep going while she snuck around the kitchen and came back around to scare Lily. “Oh, now I feel the tickling. What is that? Is there a caterpillar on me?”
“Gotcha!” Lacy giggled while Lily screamed and laughed, running around the couch to get away from being tickled. “You little tickler, you! Watch out for Abby!” she called a second too late. Lily tripped over Abby’s little belly, then they both proceeded to scream.
“Crap! Tim will you please grab Abby while I calm Lily down?”
“Of course.”
“Lily, honey. I think the fall just scared you. C’mere.”
She lifted the little girl in her arms, then snuggled her while retaking her seat on the couch. He mimicked her actions, but also offered his finger as a toy that Abby quickly became entranced with. His job was done before he even had time to panic.
“Shh, Lily, it’s alright. Did you hurt your elbows?”
“They sting.”
“They sting? Did you get a carpet burn?”
“The carpet burns you?!” she sniffed, backing away from the carpet as far as she could.
“No, no, Sweetie, I meant did you scuff them on the carpet? Let me see them.”
Lacy lifted her little lace sleeves and checked her elbows, kissing each of them in the process.
“Are they burned?” Lily sniffled again, trying to angle her arm to look at it.
“No burns. Just cute little elbows. Let’s look at your knees now.” They lifted her tiny jeans and she kissed each knee as well before putting her clothes back in place and giggling again. “Nothing wrong with you, Lily. You’re just fine. Want to watch some cartoons before your dad gets here.”
“I’m here!” he called from down the hallway. The look on Lacy’s face went from ‘playful aunt’ to ‘watch out cousin’ in a second flat. “Don’t gimme that look,” he added when he stepped into view. 
“Oh, you mean the look that I know you were hiding in the front room until she stopped crying, you little…well, you’re here now.” She changed back to aunt mode while picking Lily up and carrying her to her father. “She was a perfect angel, so make sure you get her the ice cream you promised.”
Tim did a once over of the man standing before him as he stood to hand over the baby as well. About the same height as Lacy with dark curly hair, a crooked smile with a goatee. He looked the same as in the picture sitting beside Lacy’s bed. 
“I’m Tim,” he announced, cradling Abby so he could shake the man’s hand.
“Fred. You Lacy’s new victim?”
She quickly elbowed him in the ribs before smiling at Lily and Tim. 
“Boyfriend. It’s pronounced boyfriend.”
“Ehh, my English is terrible,” he teased, then kissed his daughters head. “You all better now?” She nodded. “Good. I’ve gotta get you girls home to your momma before the barbeque tonight. Speaking of which, you only want me to bring a salad and beer?”
“Yeah. I’ve got all the meat and Timmy’s bringing beans. Bobby’s bringing potato salad. That’s all we’ll really need.”
“Alright.” Fred wrapped Lacy in a hug before grabbing Abby from Tim’s arms. “See you both tonight.”
“Nice meeting you,” Tim called, turning his full attention back to Lacy as soon as the door closed. “You’re having a barbeque?”
“We are. Yes. But first, my mom’s house if you’re up for it.”
“Your moms?”
“It’s her birthday. It’s a tradition that I bring over ice cream cake and her present. But we’ll be outa there by six with plenty of time to—I can tell that you’re tired. Go home and rest. I’ll come wake you up before everyone gets here.”
“Are you sure? I really can go to your moms, but I’ll probably sneak out early tonight.”
“No, no. Go. Sleep. I’d rather you meet my cousins than endure my mother.”
“Is there a special occasion we’re celebrating tonight?”
“Well it was supposed to be Mac and Tara’s engagement party, but Tara’s mom insisted on having it at her house last night, so instead we’re just gonna hang out here and enjoy the steaks I already bought.”
He couldn’t help it. She just looked so adorable with her hair pulled back in a ponytail and her blouse untucked. Disheveled was a good look on her. Tim pressed close to Lacy, letting her feel how much he missed her. Her eyes drooped almost immediately while becoming a pliant mass of human in his arms.
Since their first night together, they’ve spent every night together except for his business trip. He can’t get enough of her. They rotate spending the night at each other’s houses, cooking dinner, anything. Anything and everything. The night before he left she treated him to a slow strip tease before pleasuring him with her mouth for over a half hour. Oh he easily could’ve made it last less than five minutes, but she hadn’t complained and he was in heaven. Whenever she was around he was in heaven. Letting down his guard with her was the best decision of his life. 
“Wana take a nap with me?” he asked, loving the way her breathing sped up and pressed her breasts into his chest. “I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you, too.” He dipped his head, brushing his lips against her pillow soft ones, then pushed his tongue into her mouth to the sweet taste of mustard. “But I’ve gotta go to my moms. Can’t get out of it. The sooner I leave the sooner I can come home, though.”
“I love mustard. I love your taste.”
She blushed, pursing her lips together and looking up at him through her lashes. 
“We had hot dogs for lunch,” she explained with a slight blush.
“I love it,” he reiterated while lifting her chin with his finger and tasting her mouth once more. 
Tim pulled back to the sight of her lips parted, eyes closed and her up on her tip toes.  A beautiful sight. His.
Pulling out of her trance, she offered him a smile. 
“Go sleep. Get some rest so you’ll be up and ready for games tonight.”
“Uh, I don’t usually play games.”
“Psht. Says the man who regularly pranks his girlfriend. As much as I loved the confetti tube, I hated vacuuming it all up. I was tempted to just leave it since it was at your house, but couldn’t. The mess drove me crazy.”
“But wasn’t it pretty? All the colors?”
“Oh, yes. Very pretty.” She eyed him, wrapping her arms around his waist. “Pretty messy. Now go.”
“Do you need me to bring anything?”
“How about a bottle of wine?”
“Done. I’ll see you in a while. Try to get back in time for me to ravish you. I haven’t seen you naked in far too long.”
Tim enjoyed the blush and shy smile she gave him as he backtracked toward the front door.
His plans for the night hadn’t involved any family or friends, but would make do with what he could. If it made her happy, he’d be there.
In reality, things might be moving along pretty fast with them, but they had weeks of foreplay and getting to know one another. Now he just wanted to keep her locked away in his room, naked and sated. And he wanted them to live together. In one house. He planned on asking her to move in with him tonight, but it could wait. He could wait. 



Lacy’s mood rapidly dropped from ecstatic to eerie in a matter of seconds as she entered her mom’s front door to find the entire front room void of any furniture. The same cream walls with rose stencils outlining the ceiling were there, but nothing else.
“Mom,” she called, becoming more frantic by the second. That is until she heard the sound of her laughter drifting in through the back screen door. The present she’d had wrapped in her closet for about a month was placed on the counter while she halted in the doorway at the sight before her. Her mom. Her dad. Two teenagers. What the hell was going on?? “Uh, mom? What is this?” The back door creaked as she made what looked to be a grand entrance. 
“Oh, honey. I’m so glad you’re here. Come. Come meet everyone.”
Barry stood, offering her a handshake when it was clear she didn’t want the hug he’d been going in for. 
“Lacy, this is my daughter Hannah, and my son Nick. Kids, I’d like you to meet Lacy, your half-sister.”
Lacy’s eyes couldn’t bulge any further. His kids? He’s introducing her to his kids? Not at all what she’d been expecting. And with her mother? Is this some sort of a reunion?
When she’d told them to work on things together, this isn’t exactly what she’d had in mind.
“Uh, it’s nice to meet you both, but mom, what is this? Why is all your furniture gone?”
“It’s not all gone, just in the living room. I let Gordon take it all when he moved out.”
“Gordon moved out? When? What happened?”
“We just went our separate ways, honey. I thought you of all people would be happy about it.”
“It’s just shocking is all. And now Barry’s here?”
“She doesn’t call you dad?” Hannah spoke up, twirling her necklace around on her finger without looking up.
“She hasn’t seen me in a long time, Hannah. All of this is a little new and strange for all of us.” His tone was warm and loving as he ripped the phone from Nick’s hands. “I’d hoped Laura could be here, but she’s at her friends parents cabin.”
“You have three children?” Lacy asked, dropping down into the seat next to her mom, clutching the ice cream cake to her chest like a safe haven. 
“I have four.” 
Oh right, her too.
“And you’re here for moms birthday?”
Why in the world…??
“Yes, for her birthday, and to see you. To let you kids meet.”
It took all of her willpower to hold back her true feelings on what she really felt about this little surprise family gathering. Instead of storming out or cursing them out, she bit her tongue and looked around the table. The teens looked normal enough. The boy’s leg kept tapping up and down to some beat inside his head, while the girl couldn’t seem to let go of her necklace. They were both good looking with thick dark hair like their fathers.  And both of them seemed to be just as weirded out by this as she was. 
“I’ll go bring the cake inside.”
“I’ll help you with that,” Barry offered while opening the door for Catherine. 
They both disappeared inside leaving the three ‘kids’ alone.
“Sooo, this is awkward.”
Nick laughed at Lacy, leaning forward in his chair.
“That’s an understatement. I’m sixteen years old and am just now finding out that my dad was married before and I have not one, but two older sisters.”
“How old’s Laura?” Lacy asked. Best to make the most of this situation. 
“Eighteen. And Hannah’s thirteen. How old are you?”
“Thirty two.”
“Nice,” Nick whistled. “Will you buy me alcohol?”
Lacy scoffed, rolling her eyes. 
“No, I will not buy you alcohol.”
“Fine. But just know I’m not opposed to it should you come to like us in the future.”
How does someone respond to that?
“So you guys came over to meet me and my mom today? Where’s your mom?”
“This is our second time here.” What? How? When? What?! “Your mom’s pretty cool. Ours is in and out of rehab all the time, so we don’t see much of her.”
“Is she mom to all three of you?”
“Yep. Are you Cathy’s only child?”
“Far as I know,” she teased. Hannah smiled, releasing her necklace. “That’s some pretty jewelry you’ve got there.”
“Thanks. Dad bought it for me last valentines.”
“Very pretty.”
“How come you haven’t seen Dad in years? Did you have a fight? Did you know about us?” Nick was quite the talkative kid.
“We didn’t have a fight. Ya know, I’m not sure today is the day to talk about this stuff. I only just found out about things as it is, and no, I didn’t know about you. Although I did see Hannah and I believe Laura at the grocery store with Barry once. But that’s it. I hadn’t seen Barry in quite some time before that.”
“Are you going to see him now? I mean, if he starts seeing your mom again?”
“Seeing mom? What? Are they dating?”
Both of them shrugged in answer. Lacy leaned back in her chair to peek inside. To her astonished horror, they were kissing at the kitchen counter. Just a peck, but still. Her mouth dropped open, making the teens giggle at her reaction.
“He’s happy,” Hannah whispered. 
“Goofy, but happy. Haven’t seen him like this since we were kids,” Nick added right before the two stepped back outside carrying plates of cake for everyone.
“I know you can’t stay long, Lacy, so let’s eat this now.”
A plate was sat in front of everyone before they dug in. Lacy was halfway through her piece before she couldn’t contain her questions any longer. 
“You guys are seeing each other?”
Catherine’s fork hit the plate, clanking down to the ground at the same time that Barry cleared his throat. 
“We’re, uh…we’re ummm…”
“We’re taking things slow. Seeing where they lead.” Barry’s voice came out more sure than Catherine’s.
“Slow? You’ve already had the kids meet. By my standards, that’s not slow.”
“Well we’re not in our twenties, honey. Not anymore. We were too young back then. I think…I think this time it’ll be different.”
“I know it will.” Barry took hold of Catherine’s hand, then looked at Lacy for her reaction. “I want to spend time with both of you. I missed out on so much, I only hope you’ll let me.”
Flabbergasted, Lacy settled for bobbing her lower jaw like a fish, too shocked at everything happening to respond.
It was Nick who broke the tense silence.
“Every other Thursday we have family game night. How about you join us whenever you’re ready?”
“I don’t think I’ll ever be ready for a family game night. This is just too weird.” Catherine’s eyes pleaded with her daughter’s to play nice. Lacy rolled her eyes before clearing her throat. “But of course I’ll join you at least once in the next month.”
“What are you better at?” Nick asked. “Cards or board games?”
“Cards.”
“Then we’ll bring board games,” he grinned, laughing when Barry gave him a stern look.
“You’re on, little man. I never turn down a challenge.”
“Good. I think it’s safe to say that you’re a Wolt. No Wolt walks away from a challenge.”
Lacy grimaced. She was a Hamilton. By the look of excitement on the boys face she felt the detail to be unnecessary to bring up.
Her phone went off in her pocket. Tim sent a picture of him and Berkley snoozing. Holding back her smile wasn’t going to happen, so she sent him a quick text back that she’d be home within an hour, then repocketed it.
“Are you seeing that boy?” her mom asked, eyes lighting up as if it would make her day.
“If you’re referring to Tim, my next door neighbor, then yes.”
“Ohhh! I knew it. He’s a gentleman, Lacy. Very nice. Even when he was keeping us from your house, he was nothing but polite.”
“So glad you approve, with your impeccable taste in men and all.” Lacy realized too late how petty she sounded in front of everyone. She was making the entire situation that much worse and awkward. “Sorry. This is just—I’ll bring him over for game night so you can meet him properly.”
“Good. We’ll plan it all out later. If you need to get going, then go. We don’t want to keep you from your barbeque.”
Lacy checked the time.
“I really should get going. But…it was nice meeting you both, and Barry?” How to end this conversation maturely… “I understand you and mom are both psychopaths when it comes to relationships, so taking things incredibly slow would probably be best for both parties. And…I look forward to…getting to know you…again, better, later. Soon, but later.”
Barry smiled, nodding in understanding.
“Me too, Lace. Me too. Please don’t hesitate to call me if you ever feel like getting together or talking.”
When Lacy stood but didn’t move, Nick’s smart mouth parted its wisdom once more.
“Sooo, it’s safe to say that this is more awkward than any of us thought it’d be.”
The entire group smiled, even Barry did before giving him the stink eye. 
“Captain Obvious is right, so I’m gonna go.” Lacy reached for the door handle, opening it with the same deafening screech as before. “Mom, we’ll def be speaking later about this. Kids, stay sane. Barry, stay…smart.”
She heard the kids’ laughter but refused to look at any of them again. She grabbed her clutch and keys, making a swift exit.
The last thing on earth she expected to happen, is happening. Her parents? Together? Again? 
Either the universe was playing one gigantic trick on her, or hell has officially frozen over. No matter the case, she wasn’t sure she’d be able to let her guard down to cease the awkwardness. It would be too hard. Too stressful. Not at all what Lacy wants or needs in her life right now.










TWENTY SIX

“Ok, ok. My turn!”
“You just went!”
“No, Timmy did.”
“Oh, right.”
“As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted by miss ‘I’m not paying attention’,” Freddie began while playfully glaring at Lacy, “Is that I’ve never kissed someone while hanging my head out of a moving car’s window.”
Freddie, Timmy, Bobby, Tara, Lacy and Tim were all standing in a circle on Lacy’s back deck surrounding the tiny propane fire pit and playing the drinking game ‘I Never’. If you have, you drink. If you haven’t done whatever someone states in three turns, you’re eliminated from the game for being a ‘loser’ and you have to chug a beer.
Lacy, Tim and Bobby all drank on that one. 
When Tim had first arrived, having slept later than he’d planned, everyone was here and drinking beer on the back deck. Feeling a little self-conscious about being the last to arrive, he put the wine in the refrigerator then cracked open a beer before joining them. Lacy had been laughing at something Bobby was saying before she noticed him, then with a wide grin on her face, walked up and planted a very loving kiss on his lips before introducing him to everyone. 
Everyone was friendly enough that he felt at ease almost immediately, even with the infamous Bobby. Bobby. A man he hadn’t wanted to meet. A man who had at one point in her life shared Lacy’s bed. At least he assumed this was the Bobby. It wouldn’t be fair of him to pass judgment on the man, hating him only for his past relationship with his girlfriend, but it was getting harder by the second. At every opportunity he was touching her, tickling her, making her laugh and irritating the crap out of Tim.
“Alright, alright. My turn.” Tim’s mood perked back up when it was Lacy’s turn. She only had eyes for him. They were holding hands and smiling before she turned her gaze to the fire. “I’ve never slept with someone the first day I met them.”
“Ohhh, you bitch!” Tara laughed before taking a drink, followed by all four men.
Lacy laughed before calling all of them sluts.
“Your turn.”
All eyes turned to Tim. He hadn’t been thinking of anything for his turn, so was at a loss for words.
“I,uh. I’ve never kissed Lacy. On the mouth,” he reiterated when Tara moved to take a drink. She put her beer back down while only Tim and Bobby took a drink. Yep. He hates the guy. 
Tara was next. 
“I’ve never slept in Lacy’s bed.”
The entire group drank. The cousins reminisced on some childhood memory, while Bobby and Tim stayed mute. Tara’s spent many a night in Lacy’s bed after long nights of drinking. Sleeping, they prompted when the teasing started.
“I’ve never punched a guy out for making Lacy cry,” Bobby announced.
“I wasn’t crying!” she corrected. “Was irritated and something was in my eye.”
“Sure, sure.”
Only Bobby drank on that one.
“And why are all of these about me now? Stop it.”
“Ok,” Timmy, looking ridiculous with his handlebar mustache and skinny frame, went next. “I’ve never slept with the boss’s son.”
Lacy rolled her eyes, but drank.
“Unknowingly, but whatever.”
Back to Freddie.
“I’ve never made sweet, passionate love to a beautiful blonde bombshell with incredible blue eyes.”
Again, Tim and Bobby drank. Lacy leaned over and kissed him on the mouth, smiling at the compliment. Tim’s hold moved from her hand to her waist, reiterating his dominance.
When Bobby winked at Lacy from his spot across from her, Tim nearly snapped.
“I uh, need a refill. Be back in a minute.”
He escaped inside, downing the rest of his beer and crushing the can with his fist before tossing it in the recycling bin. Lacy’s laughter got louder as she came through the slider. With a quick shake to his head he cleared his thoughts, and hopefully his pissed off facial features.
“Hey, you ok? You looked a little…I don’t know, off, out there? You still tired from your trip?”
“No.” He wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his head in the crook of her neck. “Mmm. You smell good.”
“So do you.”
“Need a refill?” he asked, opening the fridge to hand her another beer.
“No, we decided to switch to wine and just talk out there.”
He bit his cheek to keep from commenting while withdrawing the bottle of wine he brought and whatever one that sat next to it.
“Think this should do?”
She grabbed the bottle he brought and read the label.
“Domaine de la Romanee Conti Montrachet? Never heard of it. Let’s try this one.”
“I’ll get the glasses.”
Lacy paused next to the counter.
“Are you sure you’re all right? I feel bad that there’s something wrong and I don’t know what it is.”
“Nothing’s wrong. Promise. I just…it’s a little awkward that you’re so close with your ex.”
“My ex?” 
“Or your booty call, whatever.”
“Booty call?”
Was he speaking Spanish?
“Yes. You and Bobby. You even have a picture of him next to your bed.”
“What in the world are you talking ab—oh!” She burst out laughing, grabbing onto his shirt collar when he looked to be  contemplating leaving. “Wait. Wait, no. That’s not correct at all. I might have…misled you before when I said I had a booty call with a guy named Bobby.”
“How so?” he asked, not finding her amusement to be warranted at all. 
“Bobby is...well, I’ll show you what I mean later, once everyone’s gone. But as for that Bobby,” she hitched her thumb over her shoulder toward the deck. “He was my first kiss on the playground, and promised to be my last so I don’t die alone, but other than that, he really is just a good friend.”
“A good friend that wants you, although I have to admit it makes me feel a lot better that you haven’t slept together.”
The wine she’d just swallowed threatened to spew out of her mouth as she choked on her laughter.
“I can’t believe you thought that.” When he simply stared back at her, she shimmied into his reach and smiled up at him. “Maybe it wasn’t helpful that I never clearly explained the Bobby situation weeks earlier, but you have nothing to worry about with him.”
“Then why is he flirting with you?”
“Flirting? How so?”
“The touching, giggling and winks?”
“First, you are so damn adorable when you’re jealous. Second, I hate telling people this because I hate when it turns into his defying character.” Tim cocked his head in confusion. “You know, it’s like the first thing that pops into your head when you think of someone. Here, try it. Umm, Jalynn.”
“Soy sauce.”
“Tara.”
“Loud.”
“Mr. Knox.”
“Your boss.”
“Wow.” Lacy bit her lip, looking up in sympathy.  “I would’ve thought you’d have said dad.”
“You said the first thing,” he countered.
“Fair enough. Well, Bobby, he’s gay. The manliest gay person I know, but he’s gay. And I just don’t want that to be the first thing people think of when they see him. He’s had a hard time coming to terms with his sexuality and he doesn’t need the added stress of judging eyes.”
“Well I can tell you that not in a million years did I think that was what you were going to say. And I didn’t detect a single hint of that from him. Not one.”
“He’s manly. I told you. So please, please don’t let that make a difference in the way you see him.”
“Sorry but it does. I like him infinitely more now.”
“Oh, please.”
“Well, it’s true. And I’m sorry for acting jealous before. I thought you were doing it on purpose to get at me or something.”
“I’d never act like that. When I’m in a relationship, I’m in a relationship. I don’t look outside of it for comfort and release. Promise. I hope you’re the same way.”
“Completely. I only cheated once, but that was in the sixth grade when Becky Graham held my hand behind Josie Anderson’s back, who was my girlfriend at the time.”
“You bad boy, you. I’ll have to teach you a lesson. However will I make you learn?” she asked, rounding her eyes and mouth while looking sexy as hell in her nonchalant sway back toward the slider with the bottle in hand. 
“I think another tongue lashing would suffice.”
“You wish.”
“I do.” 
He followed her out with the glasses, offering one to each of her friends before taking a seat on the red cotton covered bench. Lacy sat next to him after filling a little of the wine in each of their glasses.
“Mmm, girl, where’d you get this wine? It’s amazing.”
“Tim brought it.”
“Tim. Spill.”
He couldn’t help but laugh. The woman was incredibly bossy. 
“Out of my parents’ cellar. I’ve got one more bottle of this and some other brand at home.”
“What’s it called?”
“Too hard to even remember,” Lacy breathed, leaning into Tim’s shoulder while taking another sip and actually savoring the taste. “Mmm, she’s right. This is good.”
Tara reached over and grabbed the empty bottle, scrunching her face at the label before taking a picture of it with her phone.
“I want this at my wedding. I’m texting it to Mac.”
Timmy snatched it out of her hands and looked it over before getting on his own phone.
“If you have the wedding at my parents’, I’m sure they’ll have plenty of wine to choose from.”
“Ugh, it’s Mac who wants it there. I think it’ll be awkward. Plus, no offense but I don’t exactly plan on inviting work people and being it’s my boss’s house…well, that would be awkward.”
“I suggested the cabin. Use the cabin and neither one of my parent’s need to be invited.”
“Ugh, that sounds even better, but I know Mac has his heart set on your parents being there no matter what.”
“Sounds pretty lame for something to have his heart set on.”
“Tell me about it. Actually don’t. No wedding talk tonight. I’m taking a break.”
“Holy shit!”
“What the fuck, Timmy! Gimme a heart attack why don’t you.” Lacy took another sip of the wine before placing her glass down. “What is it?”
“That wine’s over two grand a bottle!”
“What?” Lacy looked over at Tim, but he merely shrugged.
“I had no idea. Just grabbed a couple of bottles two weekends ago.”
“You had—he had no idea. Just grabbed a couple of two thousand dollar bottles, he says. Wow, Lacy. Wow. This guy must be loaded!”
“Knock it off, Timmy! You’re being immature. So he has expensive wine; it’s delicious, enjoy it.”
All three men ignored her and turned their attention to Tim.
“What do you do for a living?”
“How much do you make?”
“Why do you live in this neighborhood?”
Before Tim could respond to any of them, Lacy got her mom voice out.
“That’s it. First, there’s nothing wrong with this neighborhood. Second, how old are you? Third, you’re leaving after you finish your glasses because I just can’t deal with you all right now.”
“Aww, c’mon Lacy. Just getting to know your boyfriend a bit.”
“It’s alright, Lacy,” Tim prompted, wrapping an arm around her shoulder again. “I create computer programs.”
“What kind?”
“Whatever kind a company needs. And I live here because I chose to. It’s a great neighborhood without bitchy, stab you in the back kind of neighbors.”
Lacy giggled, snuggling closer while Timmy continued.
“Just the kind that scare each other and get off on it.”
“No. We agreed to no more scaring.”
“I so wish I could’ve been there to witness the Scream incident,” Freddie announced, breathing deeply as if in awe.
Tim laughed.
“Planning it in my head, it was funny, but when I carried out the idea it was practically a disaster. Not only did I scare Lacy, but her friends through Skype and their husbands. They thought it was funny too, but not at the time.”
“They haven’t even met you, yet they worship you,” Lacy insisted, sitting up straight to tell her story. “Becky’s husband, Justin, tells that story to everyone he knows. Becky says he brags about you like you’re old friends or something.”
“Weird,” Tara commented before swigging the last of her wine. “If I ever become infatuated with someone I barely know, please shoot me.”
“You mean like The Rock?”
“Oh, no. He and I are soul mates. If he ever gets the chance to see me, he’ll know it too.”
Lacy and Tara spoke for a few more minutes about celebrity crushes while the men rolled their eyes and grunted their disapproval of the topic. Bobby stood to leave first. With a kiss to Lacy’s cheek and a knuckle bump to Tara, he said his good byes to the men with a nod before disappearing through the slider. Timmy and Freddie left next, hugging both women and shaking hands with Tim while planning their next get together.
“In two Thursdays we’ll do dinner at my moms. Bring the girls if you want.”
“What’s that look about?” Freddie asked, eyeing her knowingly.
“Look? Me? You’re mistaken.”
“Not buying it.”
“Fine. Mom has a new boyfriend. I want you all to be there to endure him when I have to. And his two kids.”
“Wow. New boyfriend?”
“Tired of Gordon already? Two kids? How young?”
“Ugh, I don’t want to talk about it. Just be there. I’ll remind you later.”
And then there were three. Tara lounged peacefully while staring at the sky as Tim stared at Lacy. She rested against his shoulder, her feet tucked underneath her legs while gazing at the propane fire. She’s beautiful. From the top of her head down to her red painted toes, she pulled him in. Everything about her called to him. If Tara hadn’t been there he wouldn’t have been able to stop from taking her right then and there on the back deck, neighbors be damned. Especially when Lacy’s hand snuck up the outside of his jeans and squeezed his thigh on a sigh.
“Don’t tell my cousins,” she started while looking between Tim and Tara. “But mom’s dating Barry. Found out today when I dropped off her birthday stuff. Two of his three kids were there. Two of his four, I guess, counting me.”
“Shut. Up.” Tara bolted upright, shaking her head. “Mom and dad back together?”
“Looks that way.”
“You lucky bitch!”
“What? Why in the world would you say that?”
“Uh, let’s see. You have a rocky childhood, find out your dad’s still alive, find out both of your parents are crazy liars, then after years of betrayal they come back together and you get to have the family you always wanted. Plus a hot boyfriend to be there with you through it all.”
Lacy shrank back against Tim.
“Well, as I see it, two crazy people are now seeing each other and dragging their innocent children into the mix…while I have a hot boyfriend,” she added while smiling up at him. 
“I don’t think I’ve ever been called hot before,” he smiled. 
“Yeah right.”
“I’m serious. Not to my face.”
“Your ex never—”
“She used to say I was her handsome husband.”
“Well,” Lacy began, sitting up and pressing a hand against his chest. “You’re certainly handsome. You’re also boyishly cute and devilishly sexy. You’re the complete package, babe.” 
Sealing her unknowingly heartwarming words with a kiss, he grasped the back of her head to prolong it long enough that Tara became uncomfortable.
“Yes, we get it. You’re hot. I’m leaving. You two have fun. See you Monday, Lacy. Catch ya on the flip side, Tim.”
“Bye, Tara.”
“Night, Tara.”
As soon as the back door was shut Tim maneuvered Lacy to sit in between his legs and rest against his chest. 
“So, your parents, huh? Wana talk about it?”
“Not really. It shocked the hell outa me, but it’s not like it’ll have any real effect on my life. I don’t live with either of them and don’t have to see them if I choose not to.”
“True, but they are your parents.”
“Yes, and your parents are your parents. Speaking of which, talk to your mother?”
Tim grimaced.
“She was rude to you, I know. I promise next time will be different.”
“Different?” Lacy laughed. “I doubt it. I hold no grudges, but she really didn’t approve of me, did she? I mean, she threw another girl on you right as we were leaving.”
“Was kind of hoping you hadn’t noticed that part. But yes, I had a long talk with my mother over the phone while I was gone. She’ll never act like that again. She promised. As for my father…I can’t do much about him.”
“Your father. That reminds me…I really have no idea how to bring this up, or if I even should—”
“Well, you have to now. Or else I’ll assume the worst.”
“Don’t freak out. That’s not what I want. It’s just that, uh, I’m pretty sure I caught him cheating on your mom again. With a girl. In a short black dress. On the tennis court at their house last weekend. She was dragging him into the brush, giggling, telling him how naughty he was.”
Tim’s jaw ticked as he held his breath, blinking into the fire.  Lacy waited silently by his side until she couldn’t stand it any longer.
“I’m so sorry. I had no idea how to—”
“No. No, thank you for telling me. It’s not surprising in the least, just disturbing.”
“Yeah, but of all the people to have to tell you, I hate that it was me. I really am sorry. I saw it right before we left when I went back for Jay’s present.”
“You have nothing to be sorry about. Don’t apologize.”
“Sorry.” She giggled. “I mean. S—Ahh! I can’t stop.”
He lifted her chin and sealed his lips over hers. 
“No more. Come work for me.”
“Wh—No, I can’t. I know nothing about what you do.”
“I’ll teach you.”
“Is this about your dad? I hardly see him at work as it is.”
“I don’t want you near him.”
“Because you don’t trust me? Have I given you any reason not to?”
“No. I trust you. I don’t trust him.”
“That’s stupid. He won’t force himself on me, and I sure as hell would never willingly be with him.”
“I just don’t like that he’s so close to you on a weekly basis.”
“Well it’s my job, Tim. And like I said, I hardly see him. Meetings and contract signings are a given, but other than that we communicate through email and phone. That’s how it’s always been.”
“And business trips?”
“Yea, I’ve been on a few where he came as well. Nothing happened. Nothing has ever happened and nothing ever will.”
“It’s just the thought—”
“Tim. Are we seriously fighting about this? About your father? He has nothing to do with our relationship.”
“I-I’m sorry. It’s just that I knew he still cheated on my mom, but to have you find out and see it unnerves me. Did he see you? I don’t want him to confront you and I don’t want him spending more time with you.”
“I don’t see why he would spend more time with me. And no, they didn’t see me.”
She sat up and away from him before standing and looking down at him.
“Forgive me. It’s been a crazy couple of weeks. I apologize for overreacting.”
He stood with her, grabbing her forearms.
“Way overreacting.”
“Yes. I’m sorry. Don’t let me ruin tonight with my imagination.”
She sighed, offering defeat while wrapping her arms around his waist.
“Us and our family problems, huh?”
“Tim! Lacy!”  Both their heads swiveled to the side to see who called them. Mr. Gaines stood on his back deck clothed in a dark cotton robe. “It’s late. Turn down the music.”
“Sorry, Mr. Gaines!” Lacy called. “I’ll turn it off now. Have a good night.”
He waved them off while shuffling back into his house. His eerie house. Tim smiled, remembering the dinner he and Lacy had shared there. 
“What’s so funny?” Lacy asked while switching off the fire pit and grabbing the remaining glasses to bring back inside. 
“Just thinking about our dinner at their house.”
“Great. I’m bound to break out in hives now that you reminded me.”
“Hmmm… well, then let’s get you inside, stripped and in the tub.”
“Sounds amazing. Are you sure you’re up for it? I’m not horny at all so it might take me awhile.” A lie.
Lacy placed the glasses in the sink while Tim tossed the cans and bottles in the recycling bin. 
“I’m up for any challenge, baby. Don’t tempt me.”
She went around locking all the doors and windows before joining him in the bedroom where Tim sat with his legs and arms crossed, waiting for her.
“What do you wana watch?” she asked from the bathroom sink while washing her face.
“You, strip.”
“So romantic.”
“And how about you explain the Bobby thing now.”
“Oh, uh, right.” Freshly washed and wearing a skimpy nightgown, she stepped into the room and turned off all the lights, leaving only the glow from the TV to illuminate their surroundings.  “I’m not sure I’m ready to tell you.”
“What do you mean? It’s Bobby isn’t it? He’s not gay, is he? I knew it.”
“No, no. We’ve never been romantically together. I promise.  It’s just…” With a deep breath and furrowed brow, she stepped up to her dresser. “Remember when you walked in on me and I was hiding something behind my back?”
He thought for a moment before nodding, clearly confused.
“Yeah…?”
“Well, I was hiding Bobby,” she announced while removing a hand held vibrating device the color of a dark blue sea. 
Tim’s attention moved between her toy and her face for what seemed like forever while she sweat bullets. It was one thing to admit to having a vibrator; a whole other thing to bring your boyfriend into the bedroom and present him with it. It was embarrassing and she didn’t like feeling under his microscope.
“That’s Bobby?”
She nodded.
“Ya know, Bob? Battery Operated Boyfriend? I added the extra b-y. But uh, you’re not…grossed out?”
“Grossed out? No. Concerned I have some prime vibrating competition? Yes. Did you use it while I was away?”
Her cheeks blushed a deep red as she replaced the toy in the dresser, then slid into bed next to him.
“Maybe. I missed you,” she explained while snuggling into his embrace.
“Missed you, too. And don’t be embarrassed. I had to take care of myself twice while I was gone because I couldn’t get your image out of my mind. You’re beautiful, Lacy. So damn beautiful and wonderful.”
“Flattery, Mr. Balls?”
“You betcha, Miss Balls.  Now, what are we going to do about Bobby? I don’t like sharing my women.”
“Sharing? It’s just a vib—” 
“Yes, but it roams in a territory I alone want to conquer. So, shall we make a deal?”
“What kind of deal?”
“How about you don’t use Bobby unless I’m out of town for four or more days? I’m more than willing to take care of all your needs when I’m here.”
“Mmm. I can feel your own need rising. And deal. But what about you? It’s not fair that you can use your hand.”
“Fair enough. I’ll refrain from my hand on the same terms as you.”
Tim smiled his triumph. It wasn’t so much a pleasure to use his own hand and rarely ever used it since he discovered women threw themselves at him from such a young age. Before Lacy came along it had been years since he’d jerked it in the shower. But now? Whenever she isn’t within his grasp he comes to release with his only other option. 
“Sooo, do we seal this with a kiss or…”
He chuckled before taking her mouth to cut her off. So damn irresistible. So damn…perfect. Her soft skin beneath his fingers became hot with anticipation as they roamed south, all the while his mouth never left hers. He soaked up every moan and breath she took while inhaling her precious scent. It drove him crazy. When her fingers dug into his shoulders while arching her hips, he took great pleasure in removing the clothing obstructions between them before sliding into her hot body. So warm. So wet. So…his.








TWENTY SEVEN

 Three blissful weeks passed in a whirlwind of love making, small pranks, and getting to know each other’s families better. Well, Lacy got to know Jalynn better and Tim properly met Lacy’s parents on game night with Barry’s kids. Timmy and Freddie had also gone, so he had a few familiar, welcome faces to greet him. The night had passed quickly with two rousing games of Sorry! and one round of Apples to Apples. 
Lacy’s way of coping with what she dubbed ‘the night of horror’ (game night), was to get pass out drunk. Tim ended up carrying her inside and tucking her in his bed after making sure her alarm was set for the next morning. After all, she had to get to work the next day. Which she did, even with a headache from hell. His girl had had a blast with her family. Now he just had to wait for her to admit it.
When they weren’t busy in the bedroom, or kitchen, or living room, or hell- in any room of their houses, they each took pride in making the other laugh whether with jokes or funny faces. 
After he’d gotten her good by completely wrapping saran wrap on the outside of her garage door and laughed as she stumbled backwards in confusion, she’d returned the favor by wrapping up his toilet, giggling while he grunted in disgust cleaning up the mess in the middle of the night.
When she sent an eighty year old stripper gram to his home with tits sagging down to her waist and barely a hand full of shoulder length gray hair, he graciously waited the woman out, thanking her for the beautiful dance. The next day he sent her three dozen roses with a box of chocolates to work, then enjoyed the look of amused fright on her face when she came home and opened her garage to find it completely filled with black and white balloons. Some floated out to reveal the giant, life-sized spider man balloon that he’d placed in the center of the mess. His insides melted when she got out of her car, laughing, before squeezing him tight. The neighbor kids benefited from that prank. Together they walked around the neighborhood and left bundles of balloons on each of their doorsteps before giving the Spiderman to the four Newman boys…which lasted all of two minutes before they accidently popped it with their rowdiness.
Now, as Tim stood in the Kinko’s line, he waited patiently to claim his purchase. A week ago he’d dropped off one of his favorite pictures of Lacy to be made into a life-sized cardboard cutout. It was impossible to snuff out his smile when they handed his wrapped package over the counter. He couldn’t wait. Couldn’t. Wait. With an extra pep to his step, whistling to himself while carefully adjusting the package in his car, his phone rang. The back door shut with a bang before he jumped into the driver’s seat and removed the phone from his pocket.
“Was just thinking about you.”
“Aww, what were you thinking?”
Lacy’s voice was up an octave, revealing her excitement.
“About how beautiful you are and how lucky I am to have you.”
“Back at ya, babe. What are you doing?”
“In town, grabbing some grocery’s. When will you be off work? I was thinking of making BBQ chicken. Sound good?”
“It does, but I’ll be working late tonight. Finishing off Barry’s company’s account tonight so I don’t have to see him tomorrow.”
“Still don’t want to see him?”
“It’s not that I don’t want to, but I don’t need to. Once a month works for me, for now.”
Tim smiled, switching on his blinker to turn at the next light. 
“I can make a late dinner,” he casually suggested.
“No, no. Don’t worry about me. I’ll pick something up on my way home. Will prob be at the office til eight.”
“Why do you sound excited?”
Suspicion. It’s always there in their relationship now. Neither one of them knew when the other would jump out and scare the other.
“Excited? I’m winded from walking up the stairs. Oh! And I just produced a new creature on my game.”
“You and that stupid game. But, I guess a congratulations is in order. You’ve been mating creatures left and right for weeks now and haven’t succeeded in a new species yet. I’m very proud of you, honey.”
“I do what I can,” she sighed. He could hear the smile in her voice. “But the real reason I was calling was to ask you a favor. I need a date to a banquet next Friday. Know any one that would be willing to stand by my side?”
“Hmm. There’s always Bobby.”
“Perfect! When Mr. Knox introduces me to his most important clients, I’ll be sure to hand over my vibrator while shaking their hands.”
Tim laughed, shaking his head in amusement.
“I’d be happy to stand at your side, Lacy. Is this a black tie event?”
“I think so. Not sure. I’ll ask Mr. Knox tomorrow when he gets back.” 
Pulling into his garage, he switched ears and hopped out of the Jeep.
“Alright, just let me know.  I’ll—Ahh! Oh, you little…”
Lacy giggled into the phone while Tim slowed his racing heart. As soon as he opened the door to his house from the garage, a manikin wearing a creepy ghoulish looking mask stared at him with a menacing look. 
“Oopsies! Did that scare you? I took a late lunch to set that up while you were gone. Waited around the block until you finally left.”
“Got me good, Lace. Got me good. Now…however shall I pay you back?”
“A back rub? Some more chocolate? I’m open to most anything.”
He chuckled into the phone while removing the large obstacle from his path. 
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Good. Now, I really must get back to work. Oh, shhhh…boss is coming. Gotta go. Bye!”
She clicked off. He rolled his eyes and took the stairs two at a time to change into his running clothes. He’d get a good run in before—
All thought process cut off when he swung open his bedroom door to find Lacy sprawled seductively on his bed in a black, see through nightie. Her hair was in tight curls, makeup pristinely done with black surrounding her eyes to enhance the coloring, and making them pop. Bright red lipstick glistened on her parted lips as she sucked on her pointer finger, gazing at him with nothing but lust. Dozens of candles flickered around her, illuminating her voluminous shape.
When he didn’t (couldn’t) move or say anything, she propped up on her knees, spreading them while leaning forward, crooking her finger in a come hither suggestion. 
Not needing to be told twice, he kicked his door shut while removing his shirt in one fluid motion. 
“Uh-uh-uh. Don’t move,” she cooed, slowly extracting herself from the bed only to stop a few inches from him. The lingerie consisted of just a few barely there ribbons and bows, revealing her toned stomach, and barely covering her cooch.
Cooch, he thought, brightening his face with a grin. She’d said cooch the first day they’d met. Oh what a blast they’d had since then.
“You’re the sexiest woman I’ve ever known,” he admitted with a deep, husky voice that made her halt in roaming both hands up and down his chest.
With the cutest, shyest smile, she looked up at him through her dark lashes.
“Really? No, don’t answer that.”
Lifting her chin with his hand, he waited until she looked directly in his eyes before responding.
“Really. Swear on Jalynn’s life.”
“Sounds pretty serious,” she teased, blushing. He knew his words embarrassed her, though she always loved them. 
“Dead serious.” The hand on her chin softly drifted up and over to her neck. They never lost eye contact. “Now, can I make sweet, tender, long-lasting love to you?”
“Mmmm. Not yet.” She licked her lips, making him groan. “I want you to get on the bed and put both hands up by your posts.”
His eyes widened, but did as he was told, too excited to argue.
“Just so you know, I’ve never let anyone tie me up before. It’s scary…but I trust you.”
Her smile widened while removing two silk scarves from his night stand drawer, then tied him tight enough so he couldn’t get out of them without tugging with all his might. She took her time, running the silk against his skin, then her hands before moving to the other hand. Once he was secure, she tossed him a playful grin, straddling his torso.
“Now…what ever shall I do with you, my captive?”
“Anything,” he spat, staring at her beauty. Both breasts swayed in his face. Anywhere that her soft skin rubbed up against his, felt like heaven. He was ready to explode and she hadn’t even started on him yet. 
“Anything? That’s a dangerous word. Hmmm… Maybe I’ll just start with…”
Her words trailed off while her head bent, trailing open mouthed kisses down his torso, not stopping until she licked his mushroom head, making it jerk up in anticipation. Tim grunted, holding back a moan. He didn’t close his eyes. Wouldn’t. He watched with rapt desire as her shiny lips closed over and slid down his aching erection, chanting her name while trying his hardest not to come in that instant.


“Just text me when you get back. I’m going to bed early since I have a six AM flight. Go! Have fun with your sister.”
A couple weeks later, Tim hesitated in Lacy’s doorway, pressing kisses to her lips every couple of seconds while she kissed him back, holding him against her while telling him to go, but not lessening her grip. She was saying one thing, but acting out another. She didn’t want him to go, but she did. He deserved to have fun.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to.”
“You already told Jay you’d go. You have to. And she’s here already.”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s just a stupid concert.”
“Stupid, but my treat,” Jalynn announced, coming up behind him.  “Hey, Lacy. Sorry you can’t make it.”
“Me too. I’ll catch the next one. Have fun!” she hollered with a wave. One last kiss was shared before Tim reluctantly shuffled off without her. “Smile!” she prompted, to which he turned and gave her a large frown before they both laughed.
With Tim gone and it being six thirty, she got started on packing for her two day trip. Two days without her man. How will she ever survive. The man was blessingly a constant in her life. She needed and wanted him like she needed air. Their relationship was progressing nicely from pranking neighbors, to joking lovers. There’s a difference. There is. Everything they did now—or mostly—was done to make the other laugh. It was healthy for them. 
Just this morning he’d woken her up with a kiss. Then kissed her every few feet that they’d walked all throughout the house since he’d hung about a hundred mistletoe everywhere. Where he got the supplies at this time of year was beyond her.
Now it was her turn to pay him back. They’d begun rotating on and off with the pranks, spacing them out longer, depending on how elaborate they were. After surprising him with the half scare, half seduction, he’d waited almost two weeks before getting her back, which he did with the mistletoe.
Plan. Pack. She had a few hours to do everything before getting some rest to catch her early flight in the morning. Ugh, who flies at six in the morning? That meant she needed to leave her house by four thirty to get to the airport by five fifteen, then to her first meeting at eleven. They’d be taking a look at the land and project  after that, then one more meeting on Friday morning before catching a flight back Saturday morning. If she was lucky, she’d try to switch her flight for Friday night and surprise Tim.
Lacy flew around the house after taking a shower, to organize her life, then packed a bag while enjoying a glass of wine. With everything in order and Tim gone, all she could do was wait. Wait and drink, she thought while switching on the TV and cuddling up in bed.


Tim snickered, pulling Jalynn’s hair as she eased into his driveway. 
“That was fun.” With a hiccup, he braced his hands against the edge of his seat to sit up straight. “Thanks for driving.”
“No problem. It’s the least I could do. Need help getting into bed?” she teased, parking and shutting the garage door behind them before following him into his house.
“I’ll be climbing into Lacy’s bed as soon as you leave,” he announced, letting out a rather obnoxious belch.
“Don’t do that. You know she’s gotta get up in like five hours. Let her sleep.”
He shrugged before admitting to himself that she was right, then padded further into his home.
There on the wall between his office and kitchen was a yellow sticky note. He ripped it off the wall and read it out loud.
“Borrowed your gun for Tara to use. Practicing shooting in the AM and my girly one’s being worked on. Sorry to take it without asking, but you weren’t here. See you this weekend. Thanks, Chris.” He shook his head, clearing his thoughts while Jay thrust a glass of water into his hands. “My gun’s not girly,” he sniffed, dutifully downing the water and pills before sitting down on one of his stools.
“It’s late. Why don’t you go to bed and I’ll let myself out.”
“Ehh, good idea. You sure you want to drive home? Why don’t you just stay here?”
“Because I’ve got an early meeting with the florist and caterer for Tara. I need to narrow things down before presenting her with the options.”
“You’re really going to plan their wedding?”
“Why not? It’ll be my wedding present to them, since there’s no way I’m letting Mac pay me.”
“Yeah. You know he’ll fight you on that.”
“True, but doesn’t mean he’ll win,” she grinned, tipping her head to look at him lopsided.
Jalynn. Sweet, innocent Jalynn. He loved her so much. Would give his life to protect hers. Why couldn’t she grow up and not look so young and helpless? It made his heart ache. She would always need him. Not that he wouldn’t always be there—he would—but he’d never be able to let her go when the time came. When she found that special someone to take his place. 
“What are you thinking about?” she asked, bopping him on the nose before jumping down from her seat.
“You. How are you? Are you seeing anybody? How’s your new place?”
“Worried about me?” she giggled. “Don’t be. I’m doing just fine, brother. In fact, I got a job offer—part time—at an event planning business downtown. I start next week. If everything goes well I might even stick around and see what more I can learn from them.”
“That’s great, Soy Sauce!” he beamed, sweeping her up for a hug, quickly setting her on her feet when he began to sway. “Whoa. Maybe I should lie down.”
“That’s a good idea,” she giggled. “I’ll let myself out after using the bathroom. ‘Night, Tim.”
“’Night Jay. Thanks again for tonight.”
Tim took hold of the banister to help make it safely up to his room. After brushing his teeth and climbing into bed, he got out his phone to set the alarm. He wanted to be up to see Lacy off. She’d refused his offer of him driving her to the airport, but he could at least kiss her good bye.
As soon as his alarm was set, he got a text message.

LacyFacey 11:58PM
Knock it off. Just use a key.

Tim 11:58PM
Huh? Use my key for what?

LacyFacey 11:59PM
The door. I can hear you out there.

Tim 11:59PM
I’m nowhere near your door… but I can be. Want me to come over?

LacyFacey 12:00PM
Shutup. I can hear you in the hallway now. Too bad my bedroom door’s locked. If you’re really nice, I’ll let you in.

Instead of texting her back, he was up and down the hallway as he dialed her number. Her sleepy voice answered on the second ring.
“Ok, fine. I’ll let you in.”
“Don’t! Don’t open your door, Lacy. I’m seriously not at your house.”
“What?” she squeaked, fully waking upon his declaration. “Are you fucking with me?”
“No. Are you fucking with me?”
“Tim, I hear something in the hall. Something hit the wall. If that’s not you, then who is it? Did you set Berkley in here?”
“Don’t fucking move, Lace. I’m on my way. You said you heard the front door?”
“I-I thought I did. B-but…”
“Stay on the phone with me. I’m grabbing a knife in the kitchen as we speak and I’ll be there in a few seconds.”
Funny how just twenty minutes ago he’d been buzzed and ready for bed, when now he was alert and steady, ready to kill, maim or torture whatever or whoever had broken into his girlfriend’s house.
“Tim, this isn’t funny.”
“I’m in your driveway. Do you still hear anything? Your front door’s closed.”
“I don’t hear anything. You brought a knife? Don’t bring a knife! What if it was just a picture that fell down or something?!”
“Then I’ll pierce the shit out of that picture and teach all the other ones a lesson not to mess with me.”
He thought he heard her stifle a laugh, but it might’ve been a small cry.
“Just…be careful. Don’t expect the worse.”
“Did you lock your front door, Lacy?”
“I—think I did. But I was busy packing…I forgot. Maybe.”
He shook his head while silently entering her house, since her door wasn’t locked. From there he could tell that her kitchen light was on, which helped illuminate the otherwise pitch black space. First was the front sitting room. He flipped on the switch and held the knife threateningly while looking behind the drapes and under the couch. Then he moved down the hallway, listening to her breathing through the phone in one ear, and the sounds of her house in the other. 
“I’m coming out of my room, Tim. Don’t stab me,” she warned. 
He could tell by now that her bedroom door was open a crack. Instead of the welcoming sight of Lacy, the door inched open a little more before none other than Berkley strutted out, grunting and panting while rushing to greet his master. 
There was no time to fully assess the situation before all at once the living room and adjoining dining room lights flicked on and people jumped out from behind her curved couch.
“Happy Birthday!” they shouted as his arm with the knife came up in attack mode for a few seconds before recognition hit.
“What the fuck?!” he shouted at the same time Lacy shouted, “Surprise,” then her, Tara, Mac and Jalynn started singing the Happy Birthday song to him. 
Sweating, breathing hard and all wired up, it took until Lacy joined him to release his death hold on the knife. Knowing he had been about to lose it, she smiled while prying the knife from his grip, then wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a long, hard, searching kiss. 
“Sorry,” she whispered while holding his face in her hands. “But I wanted to do something memorable for you since I’ll be leaving in the morning.”
“Are you outa your mind, Lace? I could’ve stabbed someone!”
Mac let out a loud chuckle before lifting his police shield.
“That’s what I told her. Why do you think I took your gun? I brought this in case you got creative.”
He was still shaking as she took hold of his hand, waiting for him to calm down. She was nervous, he could tell, by the way she bit her cheek. If he didn’t smile soon, she’d start crying. Her eyes were already misting over.
“You planned this?” he asked, pulling her tight against him. She nodded her reply, a small smile resurfacing. “What about your flight?”
“You can drop me off after we properly celebrate your birthday. If you’re up for it, I’ve got the next few hours planned.”
“Are you serious? You not only thoroughly beat me at my own game, but are willing to pull an all-nighter before your flight?”
“Guilty. And yes. We’ve got a late dinner and drinks in twenty minutes at Rocco’s, then roller skating—or attempting roller skating—, then fireworks. You in?”
“Don’t you dare say no!” Jay yelled. “I slept almost all day to get ready for this night.”
“Of course I’m up for it. Shall I put on clothes, or are boxers acceptable?”
“We’ve got your clothes,” Tara beamed, thrusting a pair of jeans and blue button up shirt in his direction. “Hurry up and throw those on so we can eat. I’m starving!”
While standing in the hallway with everyone, he donned his clothes, then pulled Lacy close for another long kiss, this time getting into it and actually shutting his eyes. He’d been too amped up before to fully enjoy her touch and taste.
“Best birthday ever,” he admitted as they all shuffled out the front door.
“It hasn’t even happened yet.” Lacy held tight to his hand while locking her door behind them. 
“Doesn’t matter. These—” he glanced at his phone to see the time. “—twenty minutes of it have been the best ever. You scared the shit out of me woman! But it was worth it; Now that I know the circumstances and all the trouble you went through to plan this. The last time I started my birthday party at midnight was for my twenty one run.”
“I just—wanted to do something special. Something no one else had done for you before.”
“And here I thought you’d actually forgotten it was my birthday.”
“Never. Now get in the car before I have to make you.”
“Make me?” he asked, eyes wide and playful while looming over her smaller form. “How would you make me?”
She pursed her lips, tapping her foot. 
“Just—”
With one sift movement he had her up and cradled in his arms before setting her down gently in the back of Mac’s SUV, then scooted in next to her.
“Let’s get this party started!” Tara hollered from the front seat next to Mac. 
Music started blaring and the singing and chatting started up right away. Tim tuned everything out and just stared at Lacy, rubbing the back of her hand with his thumb before bringing it to his lips for a kiss. She smiled back at him, eyes glistening, before planting a tiny kiss on his lips. He wanted it to last longer, but she pulled away and started singing along with Tara and Jalynn.
She wanted this to be like no other birthday for him? Mission accomplished. Well done, and bravo. He’d cherish the next few hours before taking her home and making love to her, making sure there’s enough time for that before bringing her to the airport. He had to. There’s no way he’d let her get on that plane without sinking deep inside her again. It would be physically impossible. Even if they had to do it in the car, he’d make it happen.










TWENTY EIGHT

Lacy blinked, rolling over to the feel of cool sheets. She’d drifted off to sleep in the strong, warm embrace of Tim’s arms, and awoken to a slight chill do to cooling sheets. How long had he been gone? She smiled, stretching all her limbs. It didn’t matter. She knew he’d be back. If not this morning, then that night, for sure. Besides, she had to be at work in an hour, so there was no time for another round of the best sex of her life.
How lucky was she??
Not only did she move in next door to an amazingly funny, charming, beautiful man, but now…she gets to call him hers. Hers! 
The annoying clang of her alarm started up, the snooze having already counted down again. Her arm swung over and turned it off, then sat up as her fingers came upon a note. 
I’ve got coffee and breakfast ready at my 
place if you’re up for it. Hurry and get ready.
Tim
P.S. Wear your bra and undies with the
hearts. Those are my fav. 

Dutifully doing as she was told, and with a pep in her step, she bolted out of bed, grabbed a quick shower, donned his new favorite lingerie before throwing a skirt and blouse over them, then applied her makeup after twisting her still wet hair up into a bun. Since she’d moved so quickly, she had about twelve minutes to waste before she needed to head to work. It wasn’t enough time to have her way with him, but she could still go wrap her arms around him and inhale his wonderful scent. 
It was only after taking two steps outside her front door that she realized he’d gotten her good. Again. Embarrassingly good. Brightly colored flashing Christmas lights in white and gold outlined her entire garage. In the center was a blown up picture of herself . Not just any picture. The picture of her in her neon gymnastics leotard, bangs sticking everywhere, and braces shining bright. Her hand flew to her mouth, covering the surprise. She was speechless. It was the most disgusting picture of herself, and Tim had gone and blown it up for the entire neighborhood to see. It was so hilarious, it wasn’t even funny. Laughter threatened to spill out of her shocked mouth, but she held it in, unable to suppress her gigantic grin.
“Why that little…”
Holy hell.
Lacy marched to the far side of her house and unplugged the lights. At least there wasn’t a neon flashing sign anymore. And at least it was still early enough that most of their neighbors hadn’t seen it. 
“Aww, c’mon!”
Tim’s playful words cut through her. She turned, nearly twisting her ankle when her heel stuck in the grass.
“Tim! This is awful. So ugly!”
“What? Ugly? This is beautiful!”
“Are you serious? Look at it? How the hell did you even find this picture? Ugh!”
“Oh, c’mere.” Lacy compliantly went into his arms while they stood in her driveway scanning the monstrosity. “It’s beautiful, Lace. I promise. Look at your face. It’s happy, driven, on a mission. You wanted to be there. I like this picture. I picked it because it had the most colorful clothes. It was in your basement.”
Lacy grimaced, wrinkling her nose against his shirt. But…he had a point. Her face did portray all those feelings. Even if the rest of her looked hideous. 
“I admit, it’s funny. And Tara would die laughing if she saw this, but let’s take it down.”
Tim nodded in defeat.
“Sure.”
“Don’t get me wrong, you def got me, Tim, but I don’t even like this picture of me in the small four by six print that I was given.” They smiled. “You should help Mac set this up at his place as a surprise. Tara would love you forever.”
Lacy noted the flash of….something…that crossed over his features, before he smiled back at her while untaping the picture from the garage door.
“I’ll drop if off later today.”
Lacy’s face lit up.
“Oh, she’s going to love it.”
“I’m glad.” He propped the stand up on her front step. “Still have time for coffee?” he asked, wrapping both arms around her waist.
“No, I should go. But I’ll be off early today. Dinner tonight?”
His head dipped down, gently kissing her already swollen lips.
“Sure. I’ll be here.”
“I’ll call on my way home before stopping at the store.”
“Sounds good. Have a good day at work.”
“You too, computer wizard.”
“Wise ass.”
“Harry ass.”
They laughed, foreheads pressed tightly together before Tim let her go, waving her off while walking back across his lawn.
Lacy hurried into her office, shutting the door behind her to get some work done in silence. It was a few hours later that Tara popped her head in, making sure she didn’t need anything, before it was silent once more.
Before she knew it, it was noon. She leaned back, cracking her neck before standing.
“Lunch?” Tara asked, dangling a bag of cheeseburgers. The aroma was heaven. Lacy waved her in. “Thought so. You done working your ass of? I haven’t even seen you take a break to feed your damn animals. Or did they all die? Is that what this non-stop work streak is about?”
Lacy laughed, rolling her eyes while taking a large bite of her burger.
“They’re alive and well, thank you very much. I’ve been trying to get both of these proposals done so I can leave early today.”
“Why do you need to leave early?”
“Just to be with Tim.”
“Just to…Really? Holy crap, girl. You got it bad, huh?”
Lacy blushed, looking away.
“No. I mean, it’s just been so great with him. I want to enjoy every minute of this. Ya know, before it gets real and crappy.”
Tara huffed.
“Girl, it’s already real. You two are as real as it gets. You’ve been dating for months. You know all the dirty secrets of the other’s family. The sex is still happening. The smiles are still happening….You’re in a full blown relationship that doesn’t suck. Hang on to him.”
The smile that lit Lacy’s face almost blinded Tara. 
“It is real, isn’t it? I mean, usually by now the guy starts to get distant and moody, but Tim, he smiles more and more. I love that about him. He really is great.”
“Look at you! Damn, that boy better hold onto you.”
“I hope so. Oh, Tara, I love him. He’s amazing.”
“Have you told him that?” 
“No. No, but I will. Tonight,” she vowed.
“Eeeeee!” they playfully screeched, then hugged before her door was thrown open again.
“Ladies, sorry to interrupt.”
“Not at all, Mr. Knox. What can I do for you?” Lacy asked, smoothing down her shirt, making a marvelous turn from excited girl to professional employee. 
“Send me the contract for the Washington project as soon as it’s done. No rush, finish your lunch. After you send it come to my office, please.”
“Of course, sir.”
He left, clicking the door shut behind him.
“That was weird. Did you see his eyes? It was like he was pissed off, but his face was calm.”
“Tara! Don’t scare me anymore than I already am! Of course I saw his eyes! Holy shit! What do you think it’s about?”
Tara laughed.
“Calm down, girl. I was kidding. He always looks like that. I’ve never seen any other emotion on his face.”
Lacy blew out a sigh, sinking into her chair.
“Not funny.”
“Uh, yeah, it was. Damn, you’re fun to mess with.”
“Lucky me. Ok, go. I gotta read the contract again before sending it off to him.”
“You’ve prob read it half a dozen times already.”
“So? It needs to be perfect.”
“Alright, alright. You do that. I’ll be out here pretending to work.”
“Good. Oh! Will you proofread the other contracts? I’ll send them now.”
“Gah! Fine!”
She shut the door with a smile, leaving Lacy to hunker down and read.
Half an hour later she was tapping on Mr. Knox’s door, taking a seat when he gestured to while he wrapped up his phone call.
The Washington proposal was solid. Perfect. Same as the other two she completed today. She knew it. Tara knew it. But re-reading was a part of the job. The tedious job.
“Great. Send them up in five minutes.” Lacy swallowed, sitting up straight, waiting for him to address her. He stood, moving to shut his door, then retook his seat…all in silence. “Thanks for waiting, Lacy.”
“Not a problem, sir.”
“Excellent. I wanted to thank you in person for the Washington contract. They’ve all but accepted, and they haven’t even read it yet. They’re very eager to start the project.”
“I’m glad to hear it. No changes that need to be made before the signing tomorrow?”
“None. It’s perfect.”
“Good.” Smile. Smile. Why is he staring at me? “Tara’s just finishing the proof read on the other two, so you should have them by tomorrow.”
“Excellent.”
While removing his spectacles, an almost evil glint to his eye, Lacy shifted uncomfortably in her seat. She wasn’t sure what he was about to say, but what came out of his mouth next certainly caught her completely off guard.
“Now, it’s with a heavy heart full of regret that I’m going to have to let you go.”
Lacy’s face fell. He was dead serious. No smirk. No smile. No glint in his eye. Well, except for the evil one.
“W-what? I mean, sir?”
How could this be happening??
“I’m sorry Lacy, but with the economy and everything we’re going to start cutting back on personnel.”
“B-but, what about the under dogs? The people who were hired on last? I mean, I’ve been here for years with only one mark against me, I think. Please, sir, this is just so sudden.”
Tears pooled in her eyes, but she refused to shed them. Refused to give him that satisfaction. Something evil was creeping into his face. She didn’t like it. It was monstrous.
“Lacy. Downsizing often is sudden. We weren’t planning on this.”
Ok, so maybe it was in her imagination. Maybe this wasn’t personal.
“Ok. I mean, I understand, sir. How many are you going to let go today?”
“One.”
She swallowed, shying away from the returned evilness on his face. 
“One? So, just me, then?” she asked, before getting braver. “Will the one firing be the conclusion of the downsizing?”
His gaze narrowed a bit before nodding.
“One for now, yes.”
Lacy stood, not speaking until he met her eye again.
“And is this personal? Or am I really the worst employee in your eyes?”
“Personal? No. I’ve told you, we’re downsizing—”
“One person.”
“—and cutting your salary will greatly help out the flow of things for a few months.
Her mouth dropped. Her salary? Her salary was close to pennies when it came to some of the other’s pay checks. She was proud of her salary, having obtained it with no degree, but it really wasn’t something to brag about. Hell, he probably made the same as all of her coworkers combined. The jerk!
Reeling in her emotions, she unclenched her fists and exhaled.
“I see.” No, she didn’t see! Because it wasn’t fair! It wasn’t! How could he do this to her? “I’m sorry, sir, but I can’t help but take this anyway but personal. You’re giving me the impression that I’ve done something wrong, but that can’t be it since you do nothing but praise my work.” And what about the ten grand he was going to give her as a bonus? A bonus?! And now he can’t pay her salary because of the economy?? Bullshit! “What’s really happening? I accept the fact that I no longer work here, but please have the decency to be straight with me. I deserve that.”
“Deserve?” he all but bellowed, leaning forward dangerously silently as his nostrils flared. “I think it’s time for you to collect your things. Security is waiting for you.”
Lacy turned, noting the two security men looking at her with unease. They’d known each other for years. They were only doing their job, she knew. But why the hell was Mr. Knox doing this? Acting like this? Her firing wasn’t just, she knew it.
“Wow. This is….there are no words, Mr. Knox. This isn’t right.”
Before she could turn the handle of the knob, he stood, pulling her attention.
“Right? No. But, after all,” his eyes narrowed as he leaned toward her. “I’m a very naughty boy, aren’t I?”
Lacy gasped, jaw dropping as his meaning came to light.
“This is—this is because you…Because you sleep with other women?”
Mr. Knox bent and pressed a button on his phone while staring directly at her.
“Please come grab Ms. Hamilton, she’s becoming hysterical.”
The two security guards, both friends of hers, slipped into the office and placed themselves in front of her to stop the path toward her now ex-boss. She was seething mad. Seething! He’s firing her because he found out that she told Tim about the woman on the tennis court? Wait. How the hell had he found out?
“Ms. Hamilton,” Gary prompted, giving her an uneasy look. They didn’t want to carry her out of there any more than she wanted them to. 
“Of course, Gary. Please follow me to my office in case I go crazy and do something stupid, like Mr. Knox wants me to do in the event he can claim I’m insane so I can’t sue him for wrongful termination.”
With that, she swung around and as calmly as possible walked back to her office, grabbed her few personal belongings, then waved to Tara on her way by.  A large gathering of employees were watching the entire event; heads sticking up from cubies, and groups of people blatantly standing and staring. There’s nothing she could do about it. The scene had already been made, she just needed to get out of it.
“Hold the fuck up, Lacy! Where the hell are you going? Why is security tailing you?”
Lacy was at the elevators now, waiting for them to open, so she turned to address Tara.
“I’ll talk about this with you later tonight, but be on your toes. Mr. Knox fired me to get revenge; I only hope that he doesn’t fire you to get back at me as well.”
“The hell he did! I’m not staying here, girl. Wait for me to get my coat!” she called, already hustling over, looking like a caramel tipsy Barbie about to fall over in her heels.
Mr. Knox approached her just as she was grabbing her coat, stuffing her pictures and other little things into her gigantic purse. Lacy watched as Tara’s face went from angry momma bear to smitten kitten. She even laughed, then hugged Mr. Knox before angry mamma bear returned and something lethal was whispered for his ears only. Tara strutted her stuff, making an elegant exit before stepping in beside Lacy and the guards, smiling nervously as they descended. 
“You didn’t deserve that Lacy. What the hell happened?” Gary and Mike turned toward the two girls as soon as they stepped into the lobby.
“It’s alright guys. He’s a conniving little weasel and I’m going to sue for wrongful termination. I can’t talk about the details or else he can use that against me. Just, be on your guard, alright?”
She waved them off as Tara linked their arms together.
“You’re telling me everything as soon as we get to your place.”
“Tara, I can’t believe you up and quit. You needed that job as much as I did. You’re getting married soon!”
“Stop it! I know! We can both get other jobs with the same lousy pay somewhere else. I would’ve quit years ago if you hadn’t worked there. Stop shaking!”
Lacy clenched her fists, willing them to stop. Her entire body was trembling in anger. It took everything inside of her not to scream and rage. The nerve of that bastard!
“Well, I thank you for sticking by me, but if anyone asks, you quit on your own. It had nothing to do with me. By the way, what did he say to you?”
“Psshhtt. The shithead told me that if I stayed, I’d get your salary.”
Lacy steps faltered, stunned. 
“He said what?!”
Tara stopped walking, gripping Lacy’s arm to stop from tumbling over.
“That I’d get—”
“I heard you, but what the fuck?! You passed that up?”
“Uh, yeah. He would’ve fired me almost right after you left, I’m guessing. I’m not stupid.”
“What did you say back to him?”
“That he was the sweetest, old man I ever knew…..that would die alone on top of his high horse after his limp dick fell off from all of the hookers he sinks himself into.”
She couldn’t help it, she smiled. 
“You didn’t!”
Tara beamed, releasing Lacy to open her car door. 
“I did. You aren’t the only one to catch him sleazing. I only reminded him of the time I caught him when we all went to Chicago. Remember? Oh wait, you didn’t go on that trip and I forgot to tell you.”
“Forgot?” 
“Well, he gave me an incredible Christmas bonus…figured it was all I could do to keep my mouth shut. But not now.”
Lacy shook her head before giving the building one last glance.
“I’m heading home. Need to talk to Tim. Can we put this off until tomorrow? You’ll need to talk to Mac, too. Is he off today?”
“Starts at five. I’ll go ride him good, then tell him. Sex always softens ‘em up.”
Lacy smiled.
“Good. I’ll call you tomorrow. Love you, girl.”
“Back at ya, bitch.”
They parted ways, one going right and one going left at the intersection. 
 Lacy’s nerves were shot as she cruised through their neighborhood, thinking of how to broach this subject. Telling Tim about his father’s indiscretion was done in confidence. If he’d brought it up with his father, why would he drag her into it? That didn’t make sense. 
Maybe….maybe Tim hadn’t said anything. Maybe he’d seen her on the tennis court after all. Maybe the misses found out and he saw her, then just blames her by default. That could’ve happened. Tim wouldn’t sell her out. He wouldn’t do this to her.
But then again, he didn’t want her working with his father. Maybe he’d freaked out and told him, to ensure her job loss. 
If that was the case, she couldn’t trust him with anything. And if there’s no trust, there’s no relationship. 
While pulling into her driveway she noticed the Christmas lights had been removed and there was no sign of a follow up prank. Lacy’s mind continued to race, replaying the scene in Mr. Knox’s office and trying to figure out how she hadn’t seen it coming. Everything was going smoothly. Everything. Work was flowing. Mr. Knox had been nothing but polite and professional when it came to her. Even at the banquet a few weeks ago when Tim had come as her date, Mr. Knox had greeted them both, then let them be. There’d been no indication that he was mad at her, planning this, or…well, maybe everything was fine and he just found out that she’d told Tim about the tennis court. Maybe it was new information to him and this is how he responded. He found her to be a threat so she was immediately removed. That made more sense than anything.
The only thing she needed to know now was why Tim would betray her like this. Enough to lose her job over. Enough to disrupt her life like this. Who knew how long it’d take to find another job. What would she do in the meantime? How would she pay her bills? Her small savings wouldn’t last longer than a few months.
Lacy gripped the plastic car door and stared over at Tim’s house. There was no sign of him in the window, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t tucked further in working. She didn’t want to disturb him, but catching him off guard might be the best way to surprise the truth out of him.
With a flick of her wrist, the door opened to the immediate gush of wind, trying to slam it shut on her. She pushed it further with her hip while grabbing her purse, then quietly shutting it behind her while slowly making her way to Tim’s front door. 
It was unlocked, so she let herself in while calling his name. He didn’t answer, and he wasn’t in the front office. 
Barely three feet in and she froze at the sight of his socked feet sticking out from the kitchen. A few more feet as she cautiously moved to the side for a better vantage point, and she saw the rest of his legs in a slack position. Even further and she found him lying on his back, face to the side, eyes closed and mouth slightly ajar. 
“I’m not in the mood, Tim. Get up. We need to talk.”
Except he didn’t move. He didn’t blink. 
But she wouldn’t fall for it. Nope. Not this time.
“Tim, please. We need to talk. This isn’t the time. Your dear old dad just fired me.”
Still nothing. She narrowed her eyes while setting her purse on the counter. There was something in his right hand, but she resisted the urge to succumb to his prank.
“Tim, I’m serious.” When there was still no movement, she planted both hands on her hips with a huff of irritation. “He made a pass at me.” Not so much as a flinch. “Grabbed my boob.” Nada. “Stuck his tongue down my throat.”
Well now she was worried. If he was conscious he would’ve been on his feet, storming out the door in an instant.  But since he wasn’t, she slowly knelt down next to him…and that’s when she saw it. The blood. A large circular blood stain practically in the center of his chest glistened brightly now. The brown jacket he wore looked to be covering most of it, but from this angle she could see it more clearly.
A small gasp escaped as skittish fingers reached out, then pulled back. She watched enough CSI to know it wasn’t a good idea to touch the victim, if that’s what he was. Was he? Holy fuck, she needs to call the police! What is she doing? Pick up the phone and call the police! He wouldn’t take a prank this far, would he?
“Tim! Please! Please say something!”
Still nothing. Tears started clouding her vision as she blindly reached in her purse for her phone before kneeling back next to him.
The tiny picture in his hands caught her attention just as her phone started ringing.
She hit the speaker button while leaning closer to get a better look at the picture encased in his hand. 
It was a bright pink heart with tiny black letters.
I love you, Lacy.
Move in with me.
Live with me.
That was it. Eleven simple words in the middle of the heart. Eleven simple, heartwarming, beautiful words. For her. It was a picture he planned on putting over her peep hole on the front door. She knew it. 
“Hellooo???”
“Tara! I need Mac!”
“Mac? What’s wrong?”
“Mac!” she growled again.
“I’m here,” Mac announced through the phone. “What’s wrong?”
“It’s Tim. Was he planning anything crazy? Like a fake gun shot or stab wound?”
“What? Where are you? Where’s Tim? Is he hurt?”
“I-I’m not sure. We’re at his house. I think he was hurt. I think I see blood on his shirt. He’s not responding to m-me.”
Her voice cracked at the end. Mac began barking orders at Tara and Lacy. Tara got ahold of a paramedic in the neighborhood while Lacy put her hand against his throat to feel for a pulse.
It was with astound relief that she found a slow beat.
“Yes! I—he’s still breathing, Mac! Should I do CPR?”
“And you’re sure he’s not messing with you, Lacy? Put the phone to his ear for a moment for me.” She did as he was told. “Tim! You piece of shit! If this is a joke, it’s not funny! Get up! You’re scaring all of us!”
Lacy pulled the phone away and placed it on the tile next to his head before tilting his head where she found a weird triangular indentation and bruise. 
“T-there’s something on his face. Like a bruise. A boomerang that’s bleeding in the middle….I don’t know what it is! Mac!”
“Did he hit his head? He could’ve hit something before he fell.”
Lacy frantically looked around until her eyes landed on the edge of the counter where blood marked the edge.
“The counter!”
The urge to yell everything just came to her. She couldn’t help it. Her blood was pumping as her entire world crashed around her. Getting fired was nothing compared to coming home to this. To find her boyfriend bloody and unconscious. 
He stirred. The barest of movements in his brow.
“Tim! Tim, can you hear me?! Mac, I think he’s coming to.”
Lashes fluttered before his eyes cracked open. A flash of white before gray/green eyes looked in her general direction. They weren’t focused enough for her to believe him fully awake.
“Tim! It’s me, Lacy! Are you alright? What happened? Paramedics are on their way.”
Her voice finally calmed down a notch as she lifted his head off the hard ground, letting her hand take the brunt of the weight so he’d be comfortable. 
“L-lacy? What?”
“Did you get shot? Can you feel this?” With one swift movement she punched his left thigh with all her strength.
He cried out in pain.
“Oww! Yes, I felt it. What happened? Oh! Oh, no! Oh, no. No, no. This is wrong. I can explain!”










TWENTY NINE

Tim took a second to clear his head and look at her through unfazed eyes. What the hell had happened? The last thing he remembered was going to the kitchen to set himself in place. Then his phone dropped. He went to grab it…ah! It all made sense now.  Throbbing pain on the right side of his head brought back the painful memory of slamming his head into the counter a moment before everything went black….and then Lacy was there, staring down at him with eyes full of tears and a frightful face. 
It was gut wrenching. It made his heart hurt. He wanted to erase the look of pain on her face as she searched his for the answers he hadn’t given yet.
This wasn’t the plan. This wasn’t supposed to happen. He was supposed to be awake and conscious. 
“Lacy,” he began, shuffling up on his elbow, then up to his butt as he took hold of Lacy’s shaking hands. “Are you alright? I’m so sorry. I hit my head and must’ve knocked myself out.”
“So you’re good?” Mac asked from somewhere near Lacy’s knees. The phone. 
“I’m fine. I’ll take some Aleve. Please don’t send anyone.”
Mac sighed long and hard before, “Good. Never again, Tim. Call me once Lacy’s taken care of.”
The phone beeped, indicating the call ended. Then it was just the two of them. 
“You hit your head?” she asked, tears escaping the side of her eyes while she looked him over. Both hands gently skimmed over his bruise. He winced. “Sorry! Fuck, Tim. You scared the shit outa me! Wait…what about your chest?” 
She ripped open his coat, then his shirt. His chest was just fine. No puncture wounds. Just blood on his shirt.
“I can explain,” he began. Lacy’s bottom lip began trembling again as she waited for him to continue. “I wanted to…to surprise you one last time. To admit that I love you. To ask you to move in with me. I love you, Lacy. I didn’t mean to scare you like that. I was supposed to be awake. I was gonna jump up and profess my love as soon as you came close enough. I swear to you…gahhh! This isn’t coming out right. Do you remember when you threw me the surprise party that nearly gave me a heart attack, and you said it was because you wanted to do something that no one else had ever done before?” She nodded, her beautiful blue eyes haunting him with torment. “I wanted to make this memorable for you as well. Live with me. I love you, Lacy. I have for a while, but was reluctant to move forward and tell you. We’ve both been through things that no one should have to endure, but we made it. We got through and found our way to each other. I believe we were meant for each other.”
Lacy’s body trembled with a raw wail as she suddenly jolted to her feet. As soon as Tim joined her, she slapped him, then stormed from the room. 
This can’t happen. He can’t lose her. This wasn’t supposed to happen!!
“Lacy!” He grabbed her wrist and forced her to turn around and acknowledge him just before she reached the handle on his front door. “Please. Oh, Lacy,” he cooed, running his fingers across her cheek, then through her hair before clutching her body to his chest. She buried her head against him while sobbing against his bare skin. “Fuck. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean for this. I hit my head after dropping my phone. I’m so sorry,” he repeated. 


For almost a minute she cried against his chest, beating her fists against him whenever a particularly long sob escaped. 
How could he do that to her? Pretending to be dead should’ve been on the No list. That’s a no brainer. He continued to kiss her hair and rub her back, taking the beating she dished out. When she took a particularly long breath and unintentionally inhaled his tempting scent, she was lost. Her mind had completely gone. Her sanity had left the building.
With a primal growl she removed her head from his chest and launched herself at him. He caught her, hands gripping her thighs as she wrapped both legs around his waist while her arms locked against the back of his neck. She’d startled him, sure, but now he responded with the same need that she felt as their lips met, their tongues ferociously trying to swallow the other whole. They couldn’t get close enough. 
Tim dropped down to his knees and rested her ass against his thighs while scrunching the length of her skirt up so he could access her entrance. She was soaking wet, she knew. Without breaking their mouths apart, she shoved her hands in between them and made quick work of his belt, then his zipper, while his thick middle finger tugged her panties aside before entering and swirling inside of her. She moaned. She couldn’t help it. She was on the verge of coming apart already and she needed him to be inside of her. 
With a slap to his hand, he removed it. When he leaned back, she went with him to keep their tongue fight going while he pulled his jeans down the few inches needed to gain entry, then he sat up again, resituating them with his back against the wall for support as his determined hands skimmed up her legs, pulling her tight against his chest with both hands holding her with all his strength.
Lacy lifted up before impaling him deep inside of her. So deep. She took all of him until there was nothing left of him to give. With him seated deep, he flexed, letting her feel him everywhere. There was no part of her that he wasn’t touching. It was too much and not enough all at the same time.
Her hips rotated as she moved up and down, loving the feel of his rock hard erection stroking her depths. She sat up, sliding him out until his head teased her opening; the sensitive flesh pulsing with need.
Neither of them talked. Lacy kept her eyes shut as she embedded him deep within her once more. Growls and grunts echoed off the walls, but neither of them heard it. Their sole focus was devouring the others body. Becoming one. 
Lacy cried out, head tilting back as she came. Tim moved his mouth down her neck, hands gripping her hips as he pounded into her as best he could from that angle, crying out a few seconds later with his own release. Lacy didn’t stop writhing. She couldn’t. Her body simply wouldn’t stop moving. With Tim’s mouth sucking at her neck, hands digging into her hips, cock still embedded deep within her, hard nipples pocking through her sheer bra against his chest hair, she came again, crying out his name as the tears started again. 
Tim did the only thing that he could; held her. Held her tight until their breathing was almost back to normal again. It was all she was willing to allow. She knew it. He knew it.  
She’d allow it for now, until her senses came back to her. But until then, she braced both hands against his chest and looked him dead in the eye.
“I need to ask you something.”
“Anything,” he agreed, sincerity coating his voice as he stared back at her with intense dark gray eyes.
Lacy hesitated for only a moment before letting it all out.
“Your dad fired me today.”
“What?” he demanded, eyeing the door. 
If Lacy wasn’t on top of him, he’d be out the door already. 
“Did you tell him that I told you about the girl at his house? On the tennis court?”
“No.” Tim swallowed. “I told my mom, but didn’t tell her about you. I just told her that I saw it with my own eyes. She needs to leave him. I finally got that through to her.”
“She’s leaving him?”
“Yes. I spoke with her just a few hours ago. She said she kicked him out and called her lawyer about the divorce. She also wants to apologize to you in person for how she treated you. It seems your presence resulted in the best pictures she’s ever gotten out of George, and wants you to attend as many events at her house as possible.”
A part of Lacy was overjoyed, but then she remembered why she was here in the first place.
“Your dad fired me. He tried to pass it off as downsizing, but I didn’t believe him. As I was leaving he told me he was a naughty boy, quoting his mistress. He obviously knows it was me who said something.”
“There’s no way. I swear to you that I didn’t include your name in any of this. I have no idea where he would’ve—”
“If you didn’t say anything, that’s fine. But I had to know.”
“I love you, Lacy. I’ll talk to my father. He’s a prick.”
“I—” The words stuck in her throat. She couldn’t say the words back to him. There’s no doubt she felt the same way, so why couldn’t she just say it? “Don’t talk to your dad. Not about me. Don’t make this a personal thing.”
“He made it personal.”
“Don’t stoop to his level. You’re better than that. You’re better than him. Don’t you see that?”
“Of course I see it. I pride myself in being nothing like my father. He’s a horrible human being.”
“I—I just…have to go. I’m sorry.”
She stood, readjusting her clothing, cringing as both their juices starting leaking into her panties. Better than down my leg, she thought as Tim struggled to stand and stop her.
Halfway out the door, he grabbed her wrist again.
“Please, Tim. Just, give me some time to get my head on straight,” she pleaded with her head down, not meeting his gaze. 
Car doors slammed, pulling their attention to Tara and Mac who swiftly made their way toward them.
Lacy wiggled free, stopping as she turned back to grab her purse. Tim stood in the doorway, letting her pass by. Tara followed her to her car, placing a hand over the door before she could climb in.
“I’ll drive.”
“I’m fine.”
“I’ll drive,” she repeated, not taking no for an answer.
Lacy’s tears started up again as she handed over the keys and climbed into the passenger seat.
Tim stared at her, eyes masked with pain and worry as they backed out and drove away, leaving Mac with Tim.
Before she knew it they were parked in front of her mom’s house. She blinked, then climbed out and slowly made her way to the front door before letting herself in, quickly followed by Tara.
“Do you have a tampon?” she sniffed, refusing to shed one more tear on this lousy day.
Tara fished in her purse before pulling one out and handing it over to Lacy. To the bathroom and back out to the living room took less than a minute. With her mom at work, they had the house to themselves for the time being. It was a small relief that Catherine had taken the time to get new furniture. Wasn’t much, but the long curving, black couch was plenty for the two of them. 
Lacy was glad the TV hadn’t been replaced, and thanked her lucky stars that Tara knew her so well as she came tripping down the hallway with her mom’s comforter over her head before tossing it at Lacy with a friendly smile.
“Take it, get comfortable, but make room for me because we need to have a long talk about everything that happened today. Got it?”
Short, sweet and…bossy. Just what Lacy needs right now.
“Got it. But, will you raid moms freezer for chocolate or ice cream before you get in here?”
“Don’t flutter those tear stained lashes at me, girl. I’ll look, but I get first dibs.”
Tara sashayed away after winking at her crumpled up mess of a best friend. 
While she was tinkering around in the kitchen, Lacy tried to get comfortable inside her new bubble. It wasn’t quite the same as her own at home, but it would do. It would comfort. It would keep all the bad things out.
“Holla! Found some Snickers ice cream bars.”
Lacy split open the bubble to check her friends hands to make sure she’d grabbed at least one for each of them. A true friend in every way, there were two for each of them.
“Get in here before I get all grumpy and sad again.”
Tara didn’t hesitate while eagerly slipping off her shoes and joining her. Just as the bubble was about to close, Tara reached out and grabbed both of their phones. 
“Thought you’d want to let your mom know you’re here, so she doesn’t come home and have a heart attack when she sees her comforter moving around and talking in her living room.”
“Such a smart one.”
“I try.”
Lacy sent a quick text to her mom letting her know she stopped by and might be there for a while.
“Let’s just get this over with. Like ripping off a Band-Aid. Quick and painless.”
“It’s always painful! That’s such a lie.”
“Hey, I didn’t come up with the saying. But it’s still a good idea. Do you want me to go first, or will you?”
“Ummm. You. No! I will. That way I can pretend to listen to you while I’m really dying inside and planning my next move.”
“Bitch. Ok, you go first.”
“Ok. So… wait, where should I start? You already knew everything that I’d told Tim about his father cheating, right?” Eager nod of confirmation. “Well, today when he fired me he let slip that he was ‘a naughty boy’…which is what the mistress said to him when I saw them. He was letting me know that he knew that I knew. I didn’t find out until after me and Tim….fought today, that Tim talked his mom into leaving his cheating ass, and that she filed papers with her lawyer today. Tim swears that he never told his mom that it was me who saw his dad, but that it was him, so I don’t know any other way that Mr. Knox would’ve known it was actually me that saw him, unless he saw me too.”
“So he pretty much blames you for his upcoming divorce?”
“That’s my guess. It really doesn’t matter how he knows, it just pisses me off that he’s this immature. I mean, he fired me. Me! I’ve been doing his grunt work, working late hours, working other people’s projects just so that we meet quota and get contracts in on time. If it weren’t for me…he…he’d…”With a sigh of understanding, she moved forward. “He’s just going to find another able body to fill the position. I know that. I know I’m not irreplaceable, although I’d like to think it.”
“It’ll take him a few weeks to even fill the position, and if it’s not from within the company, he’ll take another few months just to train the person. But for anyone to get up to your level of accomplishment, it’ll take years. He made a big mistake in firing you.”
“Thanks, but you don’t need to—”
“Shut up, girl. You know I wouldn’t lie to you. If you were terrible at your job, I’d tell you.”
“Alright, whatever.” Lacy barely made out the smile on Tara’s face through the thin crack of light shining in from above their heads. They each took a few bites of their ice cream bars before speaking again. “Tim was pretending to be dead.”
“The whole time?! That asshole!”
“No-no. Not the whole time. Well, he was planning on freaking me out with the blood stain in the middle of his shirt, but apparently he hit his head and knocked himself out cold, and didn’t come around until… well, you know. You heard everything on the phone.”
“That stupid fucker. Who does that?”
“He apologized profusely after coming to.”
“About playing dead? Or about coming up with the idea to play dead, then actually looking dead on accident?”
“Both, I guess. He…he was planning on telling me he loved me.” Tara’s eyes widened. “And, he asked me to move in with him. That was his plan when he started out. He had a tiny picture to put over my peephole, was going to lie down and jump up after I started to worry. He wanted it to be special, and something I’d never forget.”
“That’s so fucking romantic. I mean!—Sorry, but it is. You guys have so much fun together and really know how to make each other laugh, most of the time, and it’s so adorable it makes me want to gouge your eyes out sometimes.”
“Don’t you mean gouge your eyes out?”
“Hell no, I like seeing things. I’d gouge your eyes out to make us even for you being in such a perfect relationship.”
“What the hell are you talking about? You’ve got Mac. You’re great together. You’re getting married!”
“I know, I know,” she said around another bite of ice cream. “I love him and am going to have his babies, but you’re still in the beginning stages of a relationship. The beginning stages are the best. Hell, it’s been months—it’s about time you guys have a real fight.”
“A real fight? How about when he scared the shit out of us all in that scream outfit?”
“Oh, please. You weren’t even dating then, and I think he more than made up for it, don’t you? And are you forgetting what you did for his birthday? You scared him half to death as well. Look, I’m not trying to tell you to be with him, or not be with him, I’m just saying that you have a good thing going, and if you’re going to end it, end it for something real. Him knocking himself out was stupid as hell, but not really his fault. He didn’t mean to scare you like that.”
“Yeah, yeah. Always the wise one, Miss Tara.”
Lacy stuffed the rest of the bar into her mouth before licking her thumb and pointer finger to remove the melted chocolate. 
“Sooo, did you tell him you love him back?” Tara tsk’d at the guilty look on Lacy’s face. “Why the hell not?”
“Because I was mad, and upset and being irrational, or rational, either way I wasn’t in the right state of mind to make any decisions.”
“And… how about now? How do you feel about Tim right now? Are you going to move in with him?”










THIRTY

Before Lacy could confess her undying love—or lie about it—, the front door opened, followed by laughter. A man and a woman’s.
“Oh, you! Why don’t you just—” Catherine gasped. “Jesus! Lacy! You scared the crap outa me! What the hell are you doing in your bubble in my house?”
At least she seemed to know her daughter well enough. Enough to not start beating the lumpy mess on the floor. Thank God.
“I texted you.” 
“Oh! I didn’t check my phone. And where’s your car?”
“On the street. Tara drove.”
“Hi, Ms. Hamilton!” Tara sang, sticking two fingers out of the crack to offer her a wave in greeting.
“Is everything alright? What happened?” Her tone became more edged with worry the longer they talked. 
The front door finally closed. The girls heard multiple people taking seats on the couch. Tara couldn’t help but make the crack wider to see who’d joined the pity party.
“Hi! I’m Tara,” she beamed. Lacy rolled her eyes, but strained her neck to see who was there as well.
Crap. Barry and his two kids, along with her mom. Just what she needed.
“I’m Nick, this is Hannah.”
“Ah, the infamous kids of Barry. Nice to meet you. And you must be Barry?”
“And you must be Tara. I’ve heard a lot of wonderful things about you?”
The bubble suddenly burst open as Tara shot to an upright position. 
“Really?! Like what? I want to hear it all.”
Nick and Hannah shared a laugh, while Barry blinked in surprise before smiling.
Lacy rolled her eyes, moving her arm over her face to shield out the sudden unwanted light. 
“There isn’t enough time in a week to list all the great things about you, Tara. Please don’t pressure him into it.”
Softening the blow with a compliment only slightly sidetracked Tara.
“Alright, alright. So, is there some sort of family party going on tonight that we can crash?”
“It’s Thursday. Game night. We both took work off and picked the kids up from school to make it an early night.”
“Game night? Hell yeah! I missed the last one. Oh, but wait, we were having a pity party. We might not be able to make it. Lacy?”
Tara batted her lashes like a pro. When seduction didn’t work, she settled for torture. “Don’t ignore me, Lacy. You’ve got three seconds. One—”
She didn’t wait any longer before rolling Lacy on her stomach and straddling her backside, tickling her armpits before throwing all her weight forward to hold her down when she started to buck.
“Get off me! Get off me!” she gasped between breaths of laughter. “Stop! I’ll talk! Promise.”
“That’s better.” But she didn’t let her up. Instead, she remained with her chest against Lacy’s back, breathing against her hair in a very annoying way that she knew would get her in trouble.
“I don’t wana do game night. I wana get my life figured out.”
Catherine cleared her throat while everyone else stared at the show in front of them.
“What’s wrong, honey? I haven’t seen your bubble in years.”
“Cuz I don’t live here,” Lacy countered, moving her head from side to side while trying not to eat carpet. Tara’s breath was infuriating. 
“I know, it’s just a shock is all. What happened?”
Lacy scrunched up her face while closing her eyes. Damn Tara and damn this day. 
“If you’re not off me in the next three seconds, I’m head butting you. One—” She threw her head back, but only caught air as Tara rolled off her in the nik of time, giggling wildly by herself. “I’ll get you back for that,” Lacy promised with a glare while sitting up straight and rearranging her skirt. “Now, I’ll just be going.”
“Lacy, honey. Stop. Just, let’s talk about it.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Well, I do,” Tara announced, taking a seat next to Nick and giving him a very friendly smile before addressing the rest of the room. “We got fired today.”
“I did. You didn’t.”
“Completely unjustified. Wrongful termination. Then, I come home—to Mac’s, since I moved in with him after the engagement—to find a life sized cut out of my favorite picture of Lacy of all times, propped up against the couch. It. Was. Amazing! I love it! Lacy, you’re never getting it back.”
“I’m burning it tomorrow.”
“Then. Oh, you’ll never guess. Then, I call my bestie to thank her for the gift,” she winked as Lacy rolled her eyes, willing her to stop. “but her boyfriend played a mean joke on her, accidently knocked himself unconscious in the process of asking her to move in with him and professing his undying love.”
“Tara!”
“Then! Oh, wait, this happened before the phone call.” Lacy inhaled slowly through her nose and out her mouth before glaring daggers at her ex- best friend, almost daring her to continue. Tara giggled while jumping up and off the couch, clapping her hands in excitement. “I’m pregnant!”
“You’re what?!” Lacy exclaimed, jumping to her feet a second later. 
“You heard me, bitch! Oops, excuse my French, kids.”
“You’re pregnant?! OhmyGod! Oh—I’m so excited for you! Holy crap! Why the hell didn’t you tell me?”
Tara shrugged after releasing Lacy from a bear hug.
“I let you go first,” she explained before being wrapped in a hug by Catherine who wiped tears from her eyes.
“You shoulda punched me and gone first! I am so damn happy for you…but…who’s the father,” Lacy teased, dodging a punch aimed for her arm. “Kidding! So happy! What are you going to do?” Lacy gasped, covering a hand over her face in worry. “You don’t have a job. What about insurance? Oh, Tara, I’m so sorry.”
“You’ve got nothing to be sorry for, girl. I quit all by myself. And I’m on Mac’s insurance. We got married in the courthouse last week—sorry I didn’t tell you, but I was waiting to tell people about the pregnancy—and now I’m covered. I’ll find another job. Don’t worry.”
“Of course I’m gonna worry.” They snuggled on the couch together. “You’re having a child. Another human being. I for one am glad you’re going first. Then when I go through it, you can tell me about all the good things, not the bad.”
“Deal.”
They hugged it out before turning their heads toward four onlookers.
“So, can I throw something out there?” Barry asked, suddenly wary as he held Lacy’s gaze. She nodded, looking away. “We’ve got openings at the office, if you’re interested.”
“Hell yeah,” Tara replied the same time Lacy said, “No thanks.”
Barry frowned.
“I know what you’re thinking, and you’re wrong. I won’t be there. You’ll barely have to see me. Promise.”
“I’m still in,” Tara said, smile blazing.
“It’s not that, Barry, but well, maybe a little,” Lacy admitted with a sheepish smile. “I just need to find a job on my own. But Tara here, she’d be more than happy to apply for an interview and I’d be happy to give her an amazing recommendation.”
“The offer still stands. There’s no time limit. I’m more than happy to help you in any way I can.” He finally looked over at Tara. “And I can setup an interview for you tomorrow, if you’d like.”
“That’d be great, Mr. Barry. Even though I’m covered under Mac, any extra income would greatly help us out.”
“We can see what would work best for you. Part time positions are just as available as full time, so after maternity, you can always come back.”
“Wow. That’s…thank you, Barry. This day’s looking up, huh Lacy?”
“Yep. But, I should be going. I’ll bring you back to Mac’s. I’ve got some running around to do.”
“Like what?”
“Like…stuff. Do you want a ride or not?”
“I do.” 
She quickly rambled off her contact information to Barry before they both said their goodbyes. Lacy hugged every one before jumping into the driver’s seat. 
Catherine came running out after her. She unrolled the window.
“I love you, Lacy. Be safe. And please, call me so we can talk more in depth about your boyfriend situation.”
“Love you, too. I’ll call you once I figure everything out.”
“Good. Bye, Tara.”
They waved each other off as she pulled into traffic.
“You’re not mad at me are you?” Tara asked before she’d even hit the first stop sign.
“Why would I be mad at you?”
“For getting married without you. For telling you I’m pregnant this way.”
“I’m far from mad at you, Tara. I’m so happy for you. Really. You and Mac are going to have a gorgeous baby, and I’m going to get to be the cool aunt. As for being married, are you still going to have a reception or something?”
“I was thinking about just inviting people over in a few weeks, you know, so we can get presents still.”
“Duh. That’s a given. But, well, can I plan it. I’ll plan it all. You won’t have to lift a finger or throw any cash at me. It’s the least I can do since I wasn’t able to throw your engagement party.”
“The least you could do is nothing.” She smiled. “But fine. Throw us a reception. You’re out of your mind if you think I’m going to let you pay for it all though. We’ll give you up to thirty five hundred to get food and drinks for one hundred or so people. I’ll get a complete list from Mac later. How does two Saturdays from now sound?”
“Perfect. I’ve got all the time in the world.”
“Why don’t you go work for your dad? It’s a free job. Is it ok that I took him up on his offer?”
“Of course it is. I just…need to do this on my own.”
“So you’re not still mad at him?”
“Not mad. Upset with my parents for being total fuck ups, yes, but not mad at him.”
“Ok. That’s what I thought but I had to make sure.”
“It’s all good. Plus, now you can get the skinny on everything at his work and gossip back to me. It’ll be fun.”
“Loads. I have no idea what I’ll even be doing.”
“Don’t stress. It’s not good for the baby.”
“So, what are you going to do?”
Lacy pulled up in front of Mac’s place and smiled over at Tara.
“I’m going to go get me a job. But don’t worry, I’ll still take care of the reception. Get me the list by tomorrow morning at the latest so I can get the invitations out.”
“I will. You sure you’re ok?”
“Positive. Now get out before I kick you out.”
Tara laughed while gathering her purse and stepping out of the car.
“Such a meanie head. Later, girl.”
She slammed the door and ran inside just as Mac opened the front door. Lacy waved at him, then drove off to her next destination. Freddie’s. It was time to sit down and hash out a plan on her next career path, and he was just the man to talk her through it.










THIRTY ONE

Lacy didn’t come home last night. He was sure of it. He’d stayed up until three watching out the window for any signs of her. Nothing. Tim groggily moved himself to the couch where he dozed off for a few hours, only to jolt awake at seven and rush over to her place. Still nothing. He’d texted, snap-chatted, even called her once, but there’s been no reply. Not that he’d expected it. She’d asked for time, it was the least he could do to respect her wishes. But it didn’t mean he wouldn’t worry about her. And worry about her he did; all night, and all afternoon.
When the first sound of his ringer went off he nearly threw down his coffee mug while rushing toward it.
“Hello?”
“Hey, it’s me.”
Damn, Mac.
“What’s up?”
“Just seeing if you wanted to hit the bar. Tara’s doing wedding things with Lacy, so I’ve got the afternoon to kill.”
Lacy. The one word that made his insides hurt and flutter with joy at the same time.
“Sure. Where ya wana meet up?”
How am I ever going to make this up to her?
“I’m hungry, so how about Chili’s?”
Where is she? 
“Sure. Meet you there in twenty?”
“How bout I come pick you up? I’ll be driving by your house in a few minutes anyway.”
“Ok. See you soon.”
They hung up, not bothering to acknowledge a goodbye.
Mac was on his doorstep less than five minutes later.  The look of disappointed wasn’t lost on him.
“Expecting someone else?”
“No. Just hoping.”
“Sorry.”
Tim grabbed a coat and his wallet before jumping into Mac’s car. Nothing but silence filled the entire ride there. After sliding into a booth in the bar and ordering their drinks, Mac nearly snapped.
“What’s going on? Why are you so glum?”
“Glum?”
“Or whatever the hell you are. You’re not talking. It’s usually me that’s silent, not you. I can’t handle the silence from you.”
“Maybe I’m not in the mood to talk.”
“Would that be because of a certain woman that you nearly gave a heart attack to?”
Tim scowled, looking away.
“Maybe.”
“Damn, Tim. You nearly gave us all a heart attack.”
“It wasn’t on purpose.”
“We know, but it still happened. Just give her time. She looked happy today when she picked up Tara.”
“Where was she last night?”
“I don’t know. Home?”
“She didn’t come home.”
“She didn’t stay at my house. Maybe she went back to her moms.”
Back to her moms? What had she done there?
“She didn’t say anything to you?”
“Nope. I barely talked to her.”
Their drinks finally arrived. Tim almost downed his in one gulp.
“I’ll give her until tomorrow, but then I’m going after her. I love her. I asked her to move in with me.”
“Was this right after she thought she lost you?” His silence was answer enough. “Yeah. Give her the time she asked for. She loves you. She’ll come back.”
Tim’s posture went rigid as his eyes flew to Mac’s.
“Did she tell you she loves me?”
“No. Tara did.”
“Damnit, Mac. You’re no help.”
“Sorry, bud.  Guess I could’ve found out some more details for you, but I was busy doing other things.”
Liar.
“Wait, you can still find out. Text her.”
“Lacy?”
“Tara. Text her and ask her what Lacy’s going to do and where she stayed last night.”
“No. That’s stupid.”
“Damnit, Mac! Just do it!”
After a long, thoughtful look, he complied.
“Alright, alright.”
Mac placed his phone on the table before typing out the text.

Mac  3:56pm	
How’s Lacy?

Loveofmylife  3:57pm
Good. Better. What are you doing?

Mac 3:59pm
Drinks at chili’s. Where did Lacy stay last night?

Loveofmylife 4:03pm
First, hi Tim! She stayed at her cousins. If we get done early enough tonight she’ll most likely stop by your house to talk. But if not tonight, then tmrw. Chin up.

Tim scowled, pushing the phone toward Mac for him to see the reply that had nearly given him a heart attack just waiting for. Mac chuckled, repocketing his phone just as the waitress reappeared.
“You guys hungry? Or just drinks?”
“Another round of Presidente’s, please. And a bloomin’ onion to start.”
She took off after grabbing Tim’s empty drink shaker.
“Happy now?” Mac asked, sipping his drink and eyeing his friend.
“Better.”
“I’m serious. I worry about you, Tim. I don’t want to lose you again like last time.”
“Last time was different. I was a cripple, my wife left me after—”
“I know the details. No need to rehash them. I just don’t want you to move and not tell anyone while changing your number so no one can find you. You worried everybody sick.”
Gulp.
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize, man. Just promise you won’t do that again. No matter what. You’re finally enjoying life again and this is the most I’ve seen of you since…well, since.”
“I won’t disappear. Let’s just drop it, ok. I’m getting Lacy back, so this is mute anyways.”
Mac shrugged, taking another drink.
Tim felt bad for snapping at him, but really, he’s not some emotional girl who will threaten to slit his wrists for attention. Nope—he’s just going to kidnap the love of his life until she agrees to be his again. That is, if she doesn’t forgive him by tonight. 
“So what’s been going on with the wedding plans? I sincerely hope you’re not still planning to have it at my parents’.”
“Naw. Just doing a reception that Lacy’s planning. It’s in two weeks, tomorrow.”
“No wedding?”
“Got married at the courthouse already.”
“So I guess my best man duties won’t be needed?”
“Not unless Lacy needs you for anything.”
If only…
“Right. Why the change of heart? Did Lacy tell you about my dad?”
“That she was fired? Yeah. That had nothing to do with it. Tara’s pregnant.”
“What? Congrats, man! I take it this wasn’t planned?”
“Not really. Not this early. But Tara got off birth control a few months ago to prepare. Guess it just happened quicker than we anticipated.”
Tim’s phone beeped, cutting off the congratulatory reply he’d had ready. He fished it from his pocket before nearly swallowing his tongue in anticipation as it took the phone forever to open the SnapChat picture sent from Lacy. His thumb held down on the far edge of the screen that revealed an up close of Lacy rolling her eyes and an oblivious Tara in the background yelling at a middle aged woman, with a caption that read: pregnant women are crazy.
Although he knew it was a photo she’d sent to everyone on her friends list, he didn’t care. The simple contact from her made him giddy from the inside out.
He quickly sent a selfie back of him smiling, with his own caption. Miss you like crazy.
Her answering reply was a pic of her and Tara laughing. Crazy.
Tim frowned, placing his phone down.  Of course she wouldn’t miss him…she wanted space. He silently cursed himself out for being so stupid. He shouldn’t have said anything. 
The beep on his phone came just as he was about to delete his SnapChat account so he wouldn’t be tempted to send another picture.

Lacy 4:18pm
Miss you too. Talk tonight?

Tim 4:19pm
Yes. I’ll be home in two hours, then all night. 

Lacy 4:21pm
Might be late. Will text you when I get home.

Tim 4:23pm
I’ll be up. Come over whenever.

“Did you hear me?”
Tim looked up, noticing the large plate full of food. The bloomin' onion.
“What?”
Mac laughed.
“That’s Lacy?”
“Yeah. We’re gonna talk tonight.”
“Good. I hate seeing you like this, man. You’ll work it out. I know you and I know her; you’re good for each other. Just, don’t hurt her. Got it?”
Tim smiled, loving the protectiveness Mac had toward Lacy.
“Got it.”
“And no more pranks.”
“Agreed.”
“And no more pranks,” he repeated, holding Tim’s gaze.
“Agreed. I’m done. That last one nearly killed me. Physically and emotionally. If Lacy hears me out, I’m sure she’ll forgive me.”
“I hope so.”
“You and me both.”
They ate for a few moments in silence before the waitress came back with another round of drinks.
“You asked Lacy to move in with you?”
“Yeah. I did. I want to be with her every morning and every night. I don’t want to lose her.”
“You got it bad, man. It took me almost a year and a half to get the courage to ask Tara to live with me. The girl’s messy as hell, but I love her anyways.”
A commotion at the bar turned both their heads toward a yelling blonde and the back of a man’s head taking the verbal abuse rather calmly. The restaurants manager appeared and whispered something too low for anyone to hear before the woman grabbed up her coat and stormed out while flipping the finger to anyone watching. The man she’d been berating turned his head back toward the TV while fishing money out of his wallet. That’s when Tim noticed the beak. The blonde hair. The cold eyes. Roger. Lacy’s ex.
“Damn.”
“What?” Mac asked, looking between the two men just as Roger noticed them, smiling like a fool as he got up and out of his chair, tripping his drunk way over to them. Mac cursed under his breath.
“Lacy’s ex,” Tim whispered just before he stopped at their table, loudly scraping a chair over the tile floor to take a seat with them.
“Well, hot damn! How are ya, Mac? It’s been a long while.”
“Not long enough.”
“Oh, don’t be that way. We go way back. And I see you’ve met Lacy’s new boyfriend. Met him awhile back myself. Didn’t think it was real, but guess it is, if you’re hanging out together. Remember when we used to get drinks together?”
“All too well. You never could handle your liquor.”
“Still, it was nice to always have a police escort home. Mind giving me a lift, for old time’s sake?”
“Can’t. And I wouldn’t, even if I could. I know you cheated on Lacy. She knows it.” What? She’d never told me that!, Tim begrudgingly thought. “We aren’t friends anymore, Roger. Get lost.”
Tim smiled internally, thanking the lords above that Mac shared his unwelcome feeling toward the man.
“Pfft. Make me,” he challenged, sitting back and crossing both arms over his chest.
“Don’t think I won’t.”
“Whatever. What was your name again?” he asked, never losing the sneer but turning his attention toward Tim.
“Tim. And I think you should go.”
“Go where? Felecia just left me. She’ll be cleaning her things out of the apartment for a good few hours. There’s nowhere else to go at the moment. But why? Do you feel threatened by me? Think Lacy will come running back now that I’m free again? That’s actually not a bad idea. I should call her. She was lookin’ mighty fine the last time I saw her.”
Tim’s jaw ticked as he barely held in his beast.
“She’s not interested,” he grit between teeth.
“Says you?”
“Yes.”
“Think I’ll ask her myself,” he promised, glaring while taking out his phone, hitting speaker after hitting send. She answered after three rings. “Hey, baby girl. How are you?”
Mac and Tim waited silently, ready to pounce on Roger if he said anything inappropriate.
“Roger?” A moment of silence before, “Have you been drinking?”
“A few beers. Not much. You didn’t answer me. How are you?”
“Fine, Roger. I have to go. Me and my boyfriend are just stepping into a movie.”
Roger raised his brow, smirking.
“Boyfriend, huh? Tim, right?”
“Yep. I gotta go.”
“You two aren’t really together, are you? Because, I know you’re not with him right now.”
“You don’t know anything. And yes, we’re together.”
Her tone became harsh, impatient, while Tim silently beamed at her claim to still being with him.
“Liar. But look, I’m willing to look past all that and forgive you if you meet me for dinner tonight. What do you say?”
“Meet you? For dinner? Why?”
“I think we made a mistake when we broke up—”
“There was no we. It was you. And I’m not interested.”
Was it just him, or was her voice starting to sound like she was caving?
“Don’t be like that, baby girl. It’s just dinner. I can bring your necklace.”
She inhaled sharply.
“What?! You told me you lost it! You lying bastard! Where is it? Where are you? I’m coming to get it now.”
What necklace?
“Dinner. Tonight. Luigi’s. I’ll bring it. Be there at seven.”
He hung up before she could scream at him any longer. Roger’s sickening smile was enough to push Tim over the edge.
“She won’t be there.”
“She will. She loves that necklace. Knew it would come in handy one day.”
“What necklace?”
“The necklace.”
“What—” Tim grit out before Mac interrupted.
“Just leave it alone, Roger. She doesn’t want you; she wants the necklace.”
“Now, maybe. But when I go down on her, she’ll be begging to be back in my life.”
Tim’s fists clenched before slamming down on the counter.
Mac stood, glaring down at Roger. 
“I’ll send her a text reminding her to shave.” A few clicks on his phone, then a smile on his face. Tim stood, willing his fists to not make contact with the turd’s face. “Are you jealous? Or are you just mad that I’m about to steal your girl?”
“That’s enough!” Mac spat, effectively cutting Tim off from lunging at the drunk asshole. “You need to leave. Now.”
“Sure, sure. I’ll leave. Gotta get ready for my date, anyway.”
“Lacy will be there, to get her necklace. You better bring it.”
“Oh yeah? And what if I forget it back at my place so she has to come up and get it? What if she still has feelings for me? What if she wants me?”
“Not gonna happen,” Tim growled, pushing Roger backwards. His chair tipped over, but he regained his balance, standing toe to toe with an enraged Tim. “Bring the damned necklace.”
“Or what?”
“Or I’ll call Lacy right now and tell her you’re planning to lure her back to your apartment. She won’t meet you then.”
“Are you sure? She really wants that necklace.”
Tim’s fist came up at the same time Roger’s did. Roger, drunker than a skunk, lost his balance and his aim in one sloppy motion, connecting his fist with Mac’s jaw as Tim leaned back and out of reach.
He seemed to move in slow motion until Mac’s face turned back toward his, glaring hatred from every pore of his body before he picked up his phone and called for backup.
“Off duty officer was just assaulted at the Chili’s on Third and Broadway. Send a unit to pick up the assaulter.”
“No, no, now wait a minute, Mac. Buddy. I didn’t mean to hit you. You know me. C’mon.” Waving the metaphorical white flag, Roger steadied himself before taking out his wallet. “See now, I’ll even pay your bill for you. There’s no need to get the police involved.”
“Arrest him,” Tim announced, now being the one with the smirk. “He hit you, Mac. Sure, he was aiming at me, but you’re right, he assaulted an officer.”
“Mac, it’s me. Roger. I’m not a bad guy. Please, let me just pay your tab, then I’ll go.”
“You’ll get into your car and expect me to let you drive drunk? I don’t think so. Maybe a night in jail is just what you need.”
“No, Mac! Please. I’ll do anything.”
“Anything?” Mac asked, slowly smiling conspiritually at Tim. It took a moment, but Tim finally relaxed, going with the flow. 










THIRTY TWO

Lacy’s heart was about to burst in two, she was so damn excited. The necklace she thought she’d never see again would soon be in her hands. Braving Roger’s company for an hour was well worth the cost of getting it back, even though it disgusted her. Roger was nothing but a sniveling, sneaky worm, and she couldn’t wait to get this over with. If she was lucky, he’d present her with the necklace as soon as she sat down so she could get up and leave, but knowing him, he’d make her squirm and wait until the end of the meal.
The lying bastard!
He’d had the necklace this entire time?? After moving from their apartment to a condo, it had gone missing, resulting in a mental breakdown on her end. The one last tie she’d had to her dad, whom at the time she believed to be dead, and it had disappeared. She’d filed a complaint with the moving company and helped place blame on the workers as Roger had, only now to find that it was with him this entire time. Had he found it, or been hiding it? It didn’t matter at this point, but still ate at her.
Lacy flew out of her car to the front door, flinging it open before rushing inside the restaurant at six forty five; a whole fifteen minutes early. She was too anxious to sit and wait any longer. 
She’d gone home to shower and change, then talk to Tim, but he wasn’t home. It was probably for the best. He would’ve insisted on going with her to meet Roger, and that was an added stress she didn’t need at this time. 
“Table for one?” the snobby, overdressed host asked while looking down his nose at her. 
“I’m actually meeting someone. Roger. He’s probably not here yet, but—”
“Oh, Roger? Yes, yes, right this way. Follow me, please.”
Amazing how now she seemed to be the most important person he’s ever had the pleasure of seating when before she was nothing but a nuisance. Just what did Roger have planned for this man to be so excited about? She barely had time to worry about it before she was ushered into a dark back room with a heavy red carpet as the door. He pulled it aside to reveal the same dark walls with gold patterns lit up by several white candles and small chandelier hanging over the intimate round table with two oversized chairs facing one another. The rounded backs and seat cushions were plush with red velvet and similar gold outlines. 
“This isn’t ok,” she whispered before turning back toward the host. “Can we just have a table out there? This is ridiculous.”
“Sorry, ma’am, but he insisted. Please have a seat. I’ll bring him in when he arrives.”
“Stupid, conniving, no-good…” her rant trailed off while she took a seat, sneering at her surroundings. 
Was this supposed to get him laid? Why would he try this hard? 
Lacy removed her light jacket to reveal her shoulders—a quality he’d always liked about her—which the lilac colored halter top didn’t hide in the least. He could eat his heart out, for all she cared. He’d even sent her a text asking her to shave, which she’d done for Tim’s benefit, not Roger’s. Roger could look but never touch. If he behaved and gave her the necklace, she might think about giving him a hug, but that’s it. If he tried to get fresh with her, she’d show him who’s boss before leaving.
But why take her to this secluded back room? Even if she yelled, it probably wouldn’t be heard by anyone in the main dining area. Thinking she better plan ahead, she got out her phone and texted Tim, asking him to meet her here in thirty minutes. That way she’d be prepared for anything. Surely Roger would be easier to deal with if Tim were by her side. 
Her glass was already half full with some sort of wine. She reached forward and grabbed the stem, bringing the glass to her lips before downing a quarter of its contents, then placing it back down on the pristine tablecloth. The liquid warmth soothed her, calming her nerves a bit and easing the tension in her shoulders.
Warm fingers suddenly gripped her shoulders and squeezed, further calming her just as the necklace was placed around her neck, then gently fastened before the fingers skimmed over her skin, down her arms to grip her forearms. Goosebumps rose everywhere the fingers touched, leaving a trail in their wake before she felt the light tease of lips on her vertebra. 
“Oh, Tim. Thank you so much!” she breathed, leaning into his touch.
A light chuckle was his response before she turned to face him.
“Glad you knew it was me.”
“Of course I did. I’d know your touch apart from anyone else’s forever.”
He bent, lightly kissing her on the lips while her hand came up to touch the necklace, making sure it was really there. It was.
Tim took the seat opposite her, never taking his eyes from hers.
“You look beautiful. Wasn’t planning on touching you, but with all that skin showing, I couldn’t help myself.”
“Oh, Tim,” she cried, eyes misting over. “How’d you do this?”
“Roger was baiting you with the necklace right in front of me. When I found out how important it was to you, through Mac, there wasn’t anything that could’ve stopped me from obtaining it for you.”
“In front of you? Where?”
“Chili’s. He called you on speaker after taking a seat with us. An un-welcomed seat. I can’t stand that man.”
“How’d you get him to give you the necklace?”
“Blackmail, mostly.”
“How—Actually, it doesn’t matter. I can’t even begin to describe how grateful I am that you’re here, and he isn’t.”
“I’m glad to hear it. Truly.” He swallowed before pouring his heart out. “I’m so fucking sorry, Lacy. I messed up. Royally. But I can’t live without you. Please, give me another chance. I promise there’ll be no more pranks. No setups. Nothing. I just need to hear you say that you forgive me. You don’t need to say anything else right now. I don’t want to force anything on you, but I need to know that you’re not giving up on us. I can’t change what happened, but I can spend every day from this point forward making it up to you. And I will. I promise. Just, please don’t move away. I noticed the For Sale sign in front of your house and can’t help but feel it’s because of me. Please don’t go. I’m begging you.”


Lacy smiled at Tim so lovingly he nearly jumped over the table to hold her close, but restrained himself while waiting for an answer. He might’ve brought her necklace back, but that didn’t mean she truly forgave him. 
And what’s with the necklace? After Roger shoved the brightly colored macaroni necklace at him, the door was slammed shut in his face with the reassurance that it was the correct necklace and he’d never bother Lacy again. Mac had driven him home, waited for him to get dressed, then driven him back to the restaurant a good hour before lacy was supposed to show up. Now he was here, in front of her, begging her not to go. When he’d seen the sign on her lawn it nearly killed him. Instead of depleting all his hope, it simply urged him to do anything and everything in his power to win her back. He needs her. Wants her. Can’t and won’t lose her. 
“I don’t want to change you, Tim. I love you just the way you are. You know that, right?”
“You love me?” he breathed, reaching forward to grab her hand.
“Of course I do. It was selfish and horrible of me not to say it back when you did, but I was a mess. I wasn’t thinking clearly and was afraid I’d say something I didn’t mean.”
“It was my fault. I would’ve deserved whatever you said at the time.”
“Regardless, the situation could’ve been handled better. I apologize.”
“Don’t apologize. Please. It just makes me feel worse. I’ll never do that again, Lacy. I swear to you.”
“I love the free spirited, fun Tim. Don’t get rid of him. I enjoy our pranks. I do. We just need to get on the same page. No more fake deaths, no more scaring. Harmless jokes are fine. You get so happy whenever you get me good. I love that about you.”
“So you’ll stay? Please don’t leave. I swear to you I’ll still be me, but no scaring and no fake deaths.”
“Why are you so set on me leaving?”
“The for sale sign—”
“Because you asked me to move in with you. There’s no point in paying two mortgages, is there?”
“You—you’re—Oh, Lace! Are you serious?”
Tim bolted out of his chair and kneeled next to her while taking both her hands in-between his.
“I’m serious, but only if you are. We practically live with each other anyways, but this way I’ll get to wake up to you every morning, except when you’re out of town on business.”
“But now you can come with me. We’ll never be apart.”
Lacy laughed, stroking a hand down his cheek before cradling his head.
“We’re not going to be one of those couples! Time apart is crucial for a successful relationship.”
“Anything you want, my love,” he grinned, rubbing his cheek against her soft skin. “And I’ll deal with my dad, too.”
“No. Don’t bother. He’s not worth my time or yours. Let him sit in his ivory tower alone.”
“He fired you unjustly.”
“Yes, he did, but I’m not going to let him have the satisfaction of thinking he succeeded in hurting either one of us by his actions. Unless you plan on seeing him for some family related thing, I plan on completely putting him and that company in the past.”
Tim nodded, fully understanding and agreeing with her decision. 
“Soooo…we’re moving in together?” she asked, widening her smile.
“Yes!” He kissed her. “Yes, we’re going to live together!” Another kiss. “And marriage, one day, if you’ll have me. And kids. I want kids.”
“Me too. I want it all with you.”
Tim couldn’t contain his happiness. He picked Lacy up, holding her tight as they continued to kiss. He loved the feel of her soft body against him. The way her breasts formed to his chest so he could feel her every breath. The way she sighed into his mouth when his tongue parted her lips for better access. The way she stepped closer into his erection and groaned whenever she felt him growing harder. The way she slid her tongue so softly against his.
“I love you.”
“Love you, too, Tim.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“What?”
“How come I can call you Lace now, when before it bothered you like crazy?”
She giggled, burying her head against his chest while locking her fingers behind his back and holding him close.
“I dunno. Probably because I don’t hate Barry anymore.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, I think. Before it used to remind me of his betrayal, but now it just reminds me of being a kid. It doesn’t piss me off anymore.”
“Good. I’m glad.”
“Me too.”
“And what’s with the necklace? When Roger said he had your necklace and you were excited about it, I figured it was some rare diamond or something. But this,” he fingered a few pieces of macaroni, “is something a kid makes in kindergarten.”
“Yep. Me and Barry made it in class the week before he left. I’ve always kept it with me. When I lost it, it made me feel like I’d lost my dad all over again. I was distraught and freaked out. Roger knew how much I cherished the necklace. I can’t believe he had it this entire time!”
“The guy’s a tool.”
“I know.”
“A moron.”
“I know.”
“Not worthy of you.”
“I know,” she smiled, looking up at him.
“You hungry, or you wana get out of here?”
“Eh, both.”
“Take out?”
“Perfect.”
“Let’s go.”
“Thanks again for getting this for me.”
“It was my pleasure, honey. I’d do anything for you.”
Tim took her hand and led her back out to the front desk to get their food to go. He’d paid a fortune for the private room and knew there’d be no hassle in a little change of plans.
“I believe you.”
They ordered the food and stood in the lobby waiting for it.
“So, what now? I mean with life. What’re you going to do now?”
“I’m going to move in with the man that I love. I’m going to become a real estate agent and sell houses with Freddie. I’m going to help my best friend celebrate her marriage and pregnancy with an elaborate outdoor Egyptian themed party. I’m going to spend all my free time making the man I love the happiest he can be.”
“That’s quite the list, babe.”
“Gotta have a plan,” she shrugged. 
“It’s a good plan. Real estate, huh? That sounds interesting.”
“Interesting, as in ‘you’re crazy’? Or interesting as in ‘sounds like fun’?”
“The second one,” he whispered before licking the shell of her ear, making her entire body shudder against his.
“I need you, Tim.”
“Back at ya, Lace. It was only one night, but it seemed like a lifetime since I didn’t know where you were or what you were thinking. It drove me absolutely insane.”
“Sorry. I fell asleep at Freddie’s. Didn’t mean to make you worry.”
“I understand. But from now on you stay with me. Always.”
“Gotcha. And about those kids you were talking about…when do you want to start having them? It’s just that we’re both getting older and my internal clock is ticking. I just don’t want to get stuck not being able to have kids because we waited too long.”
Lacy licked her lips while waiting for his reply. He stared down at her, admiring her beauty while trying to answer correctly.
“A year? Once we’re together for a year, I’d say we should start trying.”
“Really?” she asked, bouncing up and down in excitement.
“Really. Is that too soon? Not soon enough? I’d get you pregnant tomorrow, but I want you to myself for a while.”
“It’s prefect, Tim. Just perfect. You’re the best.”
“Really?”
“Really. Now, I think we should start practicing right away. As soon as we get home, let’s get naked.”
“Sounds good to me. You know what they say… Practice makes perfect.”
Lacy giggled, pressing her lips against his just as the food was brought out to them.
“Let’s get home,” she grinned, pulling him along. “Perfection is a hard goal to reach, so we’ll need to do it a lot. I’m talkin’ four times a day, a lot.”
“Damn, woman. You’ll kill me.”
“But what a way to go, right?




THREE MONTHS LATER….
Tim’s head poked out of the small space in his doorway to greet his dinner guests. Mr. and Mrs. Gaines looked back at him with smiles before Viv thrust a plate of cookies on him.
“Oh, come in, come in. We were just about to pull dinner out of the oven.”
He widened the door to allow space for them to enter. What they saw probably shocked them, but that was the point. 
Clad in a black turtleneck and black slacks, Tim cheerfully led the aging couple down the hall to his kitchen table where Lacy was dutifully placing food on the table.  Also clothed in black from head to toe, she smiled politely while pulling out two chairs for their guests before shutting the heavy black drapes over the slider so no natural light drifted in. 
“Would you like anything to drink? We’ve got Pepsi, coffee, tea or water.”
“Water would be nice, dear,” Viv replied, removing the black linen napkin and covering her lap. Ernie did the same after muttering something about coffee. 
Lacy placed a glass of water in front of their plates before setting the coffee pot and a few mugs on the table as well. A dish of meatloaf, bowl of olives, beets and black beans were spaced evenly along the short square table as Tim turned music on in the living room.  Taylor Swift’s 22 floated through the surround sound, applying a nice background noise just as Berkley decided it was time to make his presence known. He waddled out of the laundry room, grunting, panting, until disappearing under the table to lay at everyone’s feet. It wasn’t lost on Ernie or Viv that he was sporting a black sweatshirt with a hoodie. Lacy thought it was adorable.
“We’re so happy that you two found each other,” Viv announced before taking a sip of her water.
“So are we,” Tim agreed, eyeing Lacy’s beauty from across the room. He took a seat opposite the couple after making sure he didn’t jostle the dog. “Come sit, honey. Everything looks wonderful.” 
Lacy’s dark eye makeup was different and a tad too much, but she still looked amazing. He couldn’t get enough of her. Every day with her was a gift he cherished and made the most of. When they weren’t working, they spent their time in each other’s arms, or planning a vacation, or in this case, plotting revenge on their neighbors.
“Save room for dessert. We’ve got double chocolate mousse cake with caramel from Costco.”
“It’s delicious,” Tim added after kissing his woman’s cheek.
Just as he started dishing everyone some meatloaf, Berkley starting howling. Every time Taylor Swift sang the chorus to this song, he went nuts. No idea why, but this song gets to that dog. They discovered it while having a dance party with Lily and Abby, Freddie’s kids. It made the girls giggle uncontrollable.
Viv and Ernie shared a look before eyeing their hosts.
“Go ahead and dig in,” Lacy offered while placing a few more olives on her own plate.
“It smells delicious.” Viv took a small bite of meatloaf, relaxing and nudging her husband when the taste matched the smell. “Very good.”
“Thank you, Viv.”
They continued to eat in silence with sporadic bouts of howls from under the table.
If Lacy wasn’t mistaken, she could’ve sworn Ernie was actually smiling while eating. She squeezed Tim’s leg and nodded her head to get him to notice, which he did before widening his eyes in surprise.
“How are the grandkids?” he asked, surprised even further that he got a response out of them while eating. 
Wasn’t talking at the dinner table a big no-no?
“Growing like weeds. And Molly’s pregnant with our first great-grandchild. Mmm. This meatloaf is very well seasoned. You’ll need to give me the recipe so I can bring it to my daughters the next time we visit. She needs a lot of help in the kitchen.”
Holy crap…so many words during dinner. What’s happening?
Since the song was on repeat, Berkley started howling again as Taylor sang about being young and free.
Tim cleared his throat, trying to regain control of the situation. They were supposed to be in control, but suddenly it felt as if maybe they’d never been. He tried to regroup and go ahead as planned. 
A few minutes passed in shocked silence while Tim and Lacy got ready for their next move. 
Black, emo attire? Check.
Blackout drapes and dark setting? Check.
All dark food and drink? Check.
Creepy howling from dog? Check.
Now it’s time for the staring contest. Their goal was to be as creepy as possible without giving the elder couple a heart attack. Sure, their pranks were lame and PG, but it’s all in good fun. They weren’t looking for any awards, here.
Tim placed his fork down on his plate before turning his body to face Lacy’s, who silently did the same before their staring contest began. The last two nights they’d practiced staring at one another without breaking into a fit of laughter. Way easier said than done.
It didn’t last long…but only because Viv burst out laughing. They turned as one to reface their guests.
“Stop, stop. It’s too much!” she pled, dabbing her eyes with the end of the napkin while her tiny body shook with silent laughter.
“Are you alright?” Lacy asked, suddenly very worried they’d taken it too far.
Sure, they wanted to do something extravagant and a little creepy to get their neighbors back, but stopping one of their hearts wasn’t in the plans.
“Oh, I’m fine dear. It’s just, you guys finally got it. And tonight’s been lovely.”
“Got it?” Tim asked, shifting his gaze from Viv to Ernie.
“Oh, honey, aren’t they just like us?” Viv gushed, gripping Ernie’s arm while locking dreamy eyes with him.
“Very similar, honey. At least now we can finally play a prank that they’ll understand.” Ernie shook his head before addressing Lacy. “The look on your face when you spotted the clowns hanging from the ceiling was priceless. We laughed ourselves silly once you left. And you, Tim, we got you three times and you never said anything? Nothing? We thought for sure that if any of the neighbors would get our sense of humor, it’d be you. Do you know how long it took us to hang those dang clowns?”
Tim’s jaw nearly scraped the kitchen table before a gigantic smile broke out as he reached over the table and shook the mans hand.
“I never knew. And let me just say, you have my full respect, sir. I can’t believe…I just can’t believe it. You were just messing with me? With us?”
Viv snorted.
“Of course we were. And by the second time you came over for dinner without saying anything, we couldn’t stop there. It got a little tiresome to go through the charade, but now, seeing the two of you together, creating all this…it just makes me so happy. It was all worth it.”
“Are you kidding me? We went through all this trouble and you knew what we were doing?” Lacy sputtered, just as flabbergasted as Tim.
“Oh, dear, it was worth it. At least for us. This was a wonderful night. Maybe…well, maybe one time we could collaborate and get someone together.” The hope shining in her eyes nearly brought Lacy to tears. “Was this an Adams Family theme? That’s my guess.”
“They’re just being Goth,” Ernie supplied.
All the talking….where is all this talking coming from?
“I think we’ve got a new winner, honey,” Tim announced, wrapping an arm around Lacy’s shoulder. She nodded in agreement, laying her head against his arm. “You’re by far the sneakiest couple we know. It would be an honor to share in hosting a prank with you two.”
“Definitely.”
“Oh, Ernie,” Viv gushed before smacking his arm. “I told you they’d get it. I told you.”
Ernie smiled, shrugging his reply before kissing his wife’s forehead.
“You’re right. Let’s just hope they’ll be as happy as we are in the years to come. Just remember,” he began before standing with his water glass to offer a toast. “Laughter’s the best medicine. It’s gotten us through the roughest times of our marriage. And Tim, hold onto her. Don’t let her go. Not that you weren’t a good guy before she moved in, but she clearly makes you happy and a better man all together, just like my Viv did to me.”
“Oh, stop with the mushy talk, Ernie. Let’s finish this meatloaf then start planning dinner for our next victim.”
He retook his seat.
Lacy and Tim remained interlocked in each other’s arms as they stared at the couple across from them. Were they truly looking into a mirror from the future? Could they be this happy and full of spirit about pranks in their old age? Dare they hope for such a happy ending?
“Now, do you have anyone in mind? Anyone? I’ve been itching for something to do.”
After one long look at each other, Tim and Lacy’s smiles grew devious before turning back to their guests.
Over the last several weeks, Tara’s been sending sporadic pictures of her with Lacy’s cut out. One was of her in the shower, head sticking out of the curtain while Mac took a pic of them together. Another was of Tara feeding her popcorn, then one of them in bed together. They were hilarious, and made them both laugh each time, but here’s their chance to get them back.
“Mac and Tara,” they said in unison just as Berkley started howling again.






I truly hope you enjoyed this story, and fell in love with the characters as much as I did. Every relationship has its ups and downs, but wouldn’t it be great if you could just laugh about them? 
Please help other readers find this book by leaving a review on Amazon. 

Keep in touch on Facebook by liking Kiahana’s Books and being the first to hear of new releases and special deals.
I love hearing from all of you! 



If you’re a new reader, here’s an extended sneak peak of Mark of Promise ~ Revenge, the first book in a romantic suspense series.
Enjoy!

Mark of Promise ~ Revenge
Mark of Promise ~ Reawakening
Closure ~ Charlie’s short story
Mark of Promise ~ Rewind
Mark of Promise ~ Rekindle

Waiting – A vampire series

Rebound & Misleading – Two romantic short stories








PROLOGUE
 
 
I’m cramped, crouching down in my car, when the back door of the club suddenly sprung open. About damn time; I’d been waiting for three hours.  Two men veered left together while the other three went their separate ways, one sauntering in my direction. 
This was going to be easier than anticipated. I’d learned everything I could about Tony and his men over the last few months and was finally able to take action.
I parked three blocks away with my night vision binoculars lying in my lap. My 2010 Jaguar XFR was stocked with all the high tech equipment FBI agents have, plus some.  It didn’t exactly blend in but it didn’t stick out as much as I feared it would. There were multiple cars parked along the side of the street that was lined with various clubs and restaurants. It was only midnight, so it would be awhile before the cars around me would start clearing out. 
I picked up the binoculars again when the man was only a block from me. My adrenaline kicked into high gear while I quickly scanned the surroundings to make sure the others were out of site. When I saw the last of the men pulling out of the parking lot, almost out of view, I couldn’t help but smile. 
Extending my arm behind the passenger seat, I released the binoculars.  Trying to calm my nerves, I took a few deep breaths while checking my face in the mirror. Looking back at me was a fantastic blonde. The front half of the wig was piled up and the back cascaded with loose three inch curls, which really just made the long hair look wavy. I’d lacquered it into place with plenty of hair spray to keep it bouncy and full of volume.
Since I couldn’t jump out of my car wearing a mask, I’d applied thick black eyeliner with layers of black eye shadow to disguise my features, along with dark blue colored contact lenses to disguise my eyes. My lipstick was red and shiny to make my lips look bigger than they really are.  As I didn’t want my true identity to shine through, I’d done the whole shebang. 
“You look like such a ho, Lex!” I teased my reflection.
Not to mention stellar.
Looking back out the front window, the man was now only about fifteen feet away.  After one last lipstick check, I opened the door and started exiting in a slow and sexy manner.  I stepped out of my car and onto the sidewalk wearing four inch pink stilettos and a silver Sherri Hill mini dress. If I bent over even a little, he’d be able to see everything. 
As I straightened up and shut the car door, I quickly flashed him my most flirtatious smile. He smiled back while slowing his stride.  He was wearing nice black slacks and a white dress shirt with a weird design covering the front. I didn’t stop to analyze it. 
It wasn’t difficult to make it seem like I was a little tipsy and a damsel in distress. 
“Excuse me,” I slurred to the best of my ability. 
I reached out to touch his arm, knowing that any contact with men had them thinking of more touching, therefore making them more helpful, considerate, you name it. I tried hard not to roll my eyes when his lips slowly curved into a smile.
“I seem to have a flat tire on the passenger side. Do you think you’d be able to help me? Was going to call my brother, but then I saw you walking toward me.” 
I let my eyes roam over his body as if I was interested in him. Just playing my part.
 Biting my bottom lip, I waited while he looked at me skeptically. I pretended to pout until he finally decided to help me. 
“Oh, thank you so much!” I sweetly sang.
I giggled before walking around to the passenger side while digging through my purse. He followed me after checking the street to make sure no cars were coming.
I opened the passenger door to throw my purse inside and was leaning against it when he came around. He instantly noticed that my back tire was indeed not flat. He glanced up at me with a quizzical expression just before I sprayed him with Sleeper Spray. 
He coughed and attempted to take a step back but hit the car. I turned around and put my back up against the car next to him as my right hand grabbed his right hand and put his arm around my shoulder. I leaned my hip into his as my right arm went around his waist.
As often as I practiced and prepared, I‘m always challenged when someone goes ’dead weight’ on me. I’ve turned more ankles and broken too many heels before perfecting my form. 
I took a deep breath, tightened my inner core…wait for it…I heard the familiar crackle in his neck when his head bobbed forward…almost…I bent my knees just as he buckled. There it was. 
Oomph!
Panting with short breaths, I walked forward and unceremoniously plopped him into the passenger seat. After tucking his legs inside and buckling his seat-belt, I shut the door.  Scanning the surroundings, I quickly ran around and got into the driver’s side.
“Thank you, Dan!” 
My target was knocked out almost instantly.  I had at least twenty four hours before he woke up. Or so I was told. There were guns that shot sleeper pellets, which would explode into a twenty foot radius, but I didn’t need anything that extreme for this project. I jacked this little concoction from Dan the last time he stopped by my place. 
I never tired of hearing about the new things the FBI was using or had come up with, and Dan loved talking about them. I took the spray only eight hours ago and was hoping he hadn’t realized it was missing yet. 
Pulling out into traffic, I quickly got onto the freeway and drove around for about thirty minutes before heading home. After all, I didn’t need anyone following me while I was trying to be a bad-ass. I turned on some Britney and sang the entire way home. Good thing the guy was unconscious because my voice was horrible. I laughed to myself.  
Tonight had gone perfectly.
I was now one step closer to catching my parents’ killer. One step out of a million, but it was still closer than I was yesterday.

 
 
 
 



ONE
 
 
“Ready or not… here I come!” I called before heading down the hallway to the room the kids always hid in. “Oh, where could they be?” 
Now they were giggling loudly to make sure I could find them.  
“We’re over here!” Rylie called. 
I purposely went in the opposite direction. They were underneath the pool table; like always. I checked under the couch. Then behind a plant.    “You’re going the wrong way!” 
More giggling from their ‘hiding spot’. 
“Oh, I guess they’re not in this room. I’ll just have to check another one,” I over exaggerated, skipping out of the room smiling, knowing they’d follow me out. 
I stopped just outside the door to the side and crouched down. In less than ten seconds they both came crashing into me and erupted into laughter when I started tickling them. 
“I found you! You two sure are good hiders.” 
I stopped tickling when Mykel got this weird look on his face. Rylie followed my confused gaze to see Mykel scrunch up his nose. 
“What’s wrong? Are you ok?” I asked while putting a hand to his forehead. 
He felt fine so I lifted his chin with my hand to eye him curiously, thinking he was just messing with me. 
“Ahh-choo!” 
Mykel sneezed. All over my hand.   
Um, gross. I tried to hide my disgust while standing up. They each wrapped themselves around one of my legs as I scooted them toward the kitchen. I held my hand out until I got to the sink and washed it off, then grabbed a tissue and cleaned off the rest on his face.  
“We were under the pool table, silly,” Mykel giggled. 
He's four and Rylie's six.
“Who wants dinner?” I asked, which was followed by a chorus of ‘I do, I do’. 
I picked each of them up and placed them in chairs at the kitchen bar. Before I could even open the fridge we heard the front door open and their mom came walking in with a box of pizza. 
“Hey kids. How was your afternoon?” Charlie asked while plopping everything on the counter. She moved to give a hug and kiss to each of them before turning to me. “Thanks again for watching them on such short notice. The office called and I had to get in to catch the deadline. Sorry to ruin your Saturday,” she apologized. 
Charlie was always so professional, even though we’d been neighbors for three years.  I guess she still felt like a burden even though she knew I didn’t mind watching the kids at all. Since the kids’ dad wasn’t around I was more than happy to help out whenever she needed.  
We live in a typical suburban neighborhood and although we have nice neighbors, we tend to keep to ourselves since our personalities complement each other for the most part. 
“Stop it, Charlie. You know I love watching your kids, and like I had anything better to do.” I rolled my eyes and nudged her. “Besides, how else am I going to stay in shape if they don’t give me a workout at least three times a week?” I winked at the kids and smiled when Charlie laughed. 
“I guess you’re right.” She paused to take a bite of her pizza. “They do keep us in pretty good shape, don’t they?” 
The kids were both seated at the counter eating their pizza before I grabbed a piece myself. Mm pepperoni, sausage and black olives. Good thing I taught the kids to eat my favorite foods. I smiled to myself. If I didn’t have these three in my life, I might’ve lost it already. 
“Alright, well I better get going. You guys have fun tonight.” 
I gave Rylie a hug and ruffled Mykel’s hair. Charlie knew better than to offer to pay me. That argument had gotten way too old. 
“I put three new movies by the TV.  It’s Rylie’s turn to pick one out. I’ve had my fill of Bob the Builder. I don’t know how you watch that nonstop.” 
I made a mock gagging noise to make both the kids laugh. 
Mykel had freckles and was missing one of his front teeth, making him speak with a little lisp. Tropical blue eyes hid behind his glasses and sandy blonde hair was cut into a sort of Mohawk, which made me smile. Charlie was going to have her hands full with this little heart breaker in just a few years. 
Rylie had long dark brown hair that you could almost tuck into the back of her pants. Her eyes were wide and beautiful brown. She had a very grown up personality, but still enjoyed being a kid. She was going to be tall and gorgeous, just like her mom.   
Charlie had the figure people have plastic surgery to get. She was five ten, like me, and had dark brown hair a little longer than her shoulders with long legs and a long stomach. Dark brown eyes shone bright against her clear white complexion and small sleek nose. She had at least two cup sizes on me in the chest but I had a nicer ass; solid muscle. 
We both worked out but had different styles. Hers was the more generic, going to the gym with a personal trainer, whereas I had a full system built into the basement of my house, among other things. 
I’m not sure what their dad looked like since he died a few months after Mykel was born. I’ve never asked for the details since it was clear how much it still pains Charlie. When or if she wanted to tell me, I’d be here for her. 
Charlie and the kids moved next door to me and we’ve been like sisters ever since.  I have, however, kept my distance as much as I could since I’ve been lying to her about my extra-curricular activities, but I think it’s for the best for her not to know everything.  Dan told me that my parents also kept the secret from their friends so I could grow up living a normal life. 
They were planning on telling me all about their real lives on my twenty first birthday, but they weren’t around to see it. They were prepared for that too of course. Always prepared and organized. 
“I think I’ll go out tonight, see if I can find some trouble.” 
Charlie just laughed at me, thinking I was talking about men, gave me a hug and told me to have a good time.  I was just trying to have her think I’d be going out for the night so she wouldn’t come over and see what I was really up to.
I heard a sigh in her voice and asked her what was wrong as we quietly went into the living room and sat on the couch while the kids finished eating their dinner. She scrunched up her face.
“It’s nothing. I just… ugh...I haven’t been on a date since Paul and that was what? Ten years ago! I just don’t know if I’m ready for this.”
I smiled before replying.
“Who says you have to date? Besides you’re what, twenty eight? It's hardly something I would worry abo—” 
“I’m not worried about it. It’s just that somebody asked me out and I’m really not sure what to say to him, so I told him I’d have to think about it. I’ve known him about 2 years now.  We started running into each other at the Coffee Bean and then we were running into each other so often that we’d actually stop and have a cup of coffee together there. I mean, I know a lot about him, or at least what he’s told me, which I think would be the truth. He knows I have two kids and that I’m a widow,” she paused to grimace. “But I’m just not sure if I’m ready and I don’t want to bring any men into the kids’ lives. And what if—”
I had to stop her from rambling. It was getting out of control this time. Cutting her off with a laugh, I smiled at her.  
“Stop! Settle down. Breathe.” 
She did and took a deep breath.
“Ok, first of all, you don’t have to go on any dates. Second of all, you can go on a date without bringing a man into your kids’ lives. Third,” I leaned forward all excited. She’d described Brent the coffee guy to me before, but now I was going to ask for details.  I know she finds him attractive and that he works for some accounting company, but now I wanted more. “Give me his last name and I can do some Google searching on him. You know it’ll be quick and painless,” I assured her. “If we find anything on him you can politely refuse the date and find some other coffee joint. If there’s nothing, well, then one date can’t hurt, right?” I wiggled my eyebrows, making her laugh. 
“Oh, Lexi. What would I do without you?” Charlie asked as I got up and headed toward the door. 
“Well, you’d be missing out on one hot friend, and I‘d be out a babysitting job,” I winked at her. “Besides, who else am I gonna watch chick flicks with if you aren’t around?” I teased.
From behind the couch, Rylie and Mykel jumped out and yelled “BOO!”, making Charlie jump. She laughed and grabbed them onto the couch to start a tickling war. That was my chance to escape. I yelled a goodbye and shut the door behind me. 
I walked back across our lawns to my front door, then closed and locked it while setting my alarm before skipping into my kitchen, washed and dried my dishes, then put a load of laundry in and folded the dry clothes before going upstairs and putting them away. Trotting back down to the kitchen, I filled a glass of water from the fridge door before heading back upstairs to draw a bath and add some bubbles.
My bathroom had a deluxe corner Jacuzzi and an all glass shower. The huge windows were looking out over a golf course, but no one could see in through the one-way tint.
Looking out onto the green, I let my mind wander back on the events of my life that led me here. 
Both my parents were killed when I was sixteen. They raised me to appreciate what I had and made me work hard for everything. I thought mom and dad had inherited some money from their folks because they’d invested in various stocks. Two years later, I found out they left me with more money than I could imagine. My Dad’s best friend, Dan, told me my parents were good at keeping secrets, so I could grow up living a normal life. 
I was at a friend’s slumber party while my parents had been on a ‘date night’ when they were murdered. Dan picked me up and has been taking care of me ever since. By some miracle they found out where Tony was and had him cornered. They were doing the ‘right thing’ by bringing him into headquarters instead of killing him like everyone else would’ve done, if given the chance. They should’ve killed him on the spot, then they might still be alive.
After my parent’s died, Dan became my guardian and stayed in charge of the finances, while I was given a monthly allowance. Good old Dan was always there for me. 
While other girls my age, in the same income brackets, were sent off to boarding colleges in Europe or bought their way into closed sororities, Dan saw to it that I went to a very special private school, of sorts. It was established after the Civil War as a training forum for our most elite soldiers. If you thought you saw Super Man or Super Woman, they probably came from this program.
The ‘graduates’ from The Academy worked covertly with a nod from the government. The curriculum emphasized History, Poly Sci and languages.
The ‘boot camp’ phys-ed was brutal and encompassed different martial arts from all around the world. High tech weaponry was added in the 50’s. Women were allowed to join in the 60’s. No last names were ever exchanged. I didn’t come home for years. After specializing in Parkour, I headed home to a life filled with loneliness, but with a strong sense of purpose.
Only after I graduated was I allowed full access to my finances. Then, and only then, Dan explained the ‘family business’ to me. 
Pulling away from the window, I turned on the radio and eased my body into the hot water to soak and read Weapons magazine. Technology weapons were my favorite. Goose bumps broke out all over my skin as I read up on what the world thought was the latest ‘gadgetry’. 
I was just passing time until my captive finally woke up. There was still plenty of time to prep, rehearse the scenario in my head, get everything set up and still have at least another two hours before he woke up. 
‘Prepare, plan and re-plan’ for a perfect execution had been drilled into me.
Twenty minutes later I got out of the tub and wrapped a towel around me. I left my hair down and decided to put it into a tight bun after I got down to the basement. It would give me more things to do while I was waiting for him to wake up. If he was still not up in an hour, I’d wake him up to stop wasting time.
After painting my nails black, thinking it would add to my bad-ass look, I let them dry for five minutes before getting up to get ready. I changed into my ‘work’ uniform; black from top to bottom – a one piece that made it easy to clean up after the job was done. It was like a second layer of skin, allowing me to move and breathe easily.  It also had a thin layer of something like a Kevlar, which made it almost bullet proof. Still, it wasn’t as good as a vest.  
I’ve only worn it while working out and doing training by myself. This was my first time using it ‘for real’.  It also came with a face mask that covered my eyes. Kind of like Batman’s but way cuter and sexier, I thought. I didn’t need to wear it yet since my captive would still be knocked out. 
Once all changed into my uniform, I was ready for business.  I made my way to the kitchen and put my empty water glass into the dishwasher before backtracking to the basement door and taking a deep breath. 
Game time. 
I jogged down the flight of stairs and opened the hidden doorway behind my book case that leads to another flight of stairs.  There’s a basement underneath my basement, and no one’s the wiser. 
Last night I captured one of Tony’s men. It was my first attempt and everything had gone smoothly. I was planning on scaring the man into telling me everything I wanted to know, and then I’d call Dan to come pick him up.  
If my captive had anything that would help me get closer to Tony, all the better. If not, I’d knock him out again and bring him to some parking lot to call Dan and have him come pick him up. Dan would probably chew me out but I didn’t care at this point. I’ve spent my entire adult life planning for this.  Hopefully he’s a talker. 
Tony. I almost growled. Wasn’t that the name of every bad guy in the movies? Or at least the Mob. Tony – I’m going to kill him some day if I ever get close enough. He was actually smart for a bad guy, nothing like the movies where they end up catching the guy within a few days. 
Tony’s considered a ‘rogue’.  He worked in the bureau with my parents and had been very close friends, before turning.
Over the years of working together he started to get more and more distanced. They found out he’d been working with terrorists. When they confronted him after running into him at a known terrorist spot, Tony simply stated that he’d given up on being good because being bad paid better. He laughed at their shock and told them that if he ever saw them again, he’d kill them, and then he shot them with a Sleeper Bomb and was gone when they woke up. The Sleeper Spray was an improvement of the Bomb, as you could use it in closer quarters.
Of course they were going to go after him! It was like he was baiting them by telling them that. He’d been handing out secret government information, because as he said, the bad guys paid better for everything. Tony had gone from selling information, to playing an active role in producing chemical warfare. 
Tony kept good on his promise because the next time he saw my parents, he killed them, along with seven other agents that had come as backup. Of course, he had backup too and while the agents took out five of his men, the rest managed to escape.  
After Dan explained to me that mom and dad had graduated from the same school, I insisted on learning everything I could. He promised me if I stayed in school and out of trouble, he would make sure I could stay in the program or become an agent, like him.
Dan followed through on his promise, but I’d learned all types of fighting and investigative skills on my own. Right or wrong, I was driven by revenge.  I’d prepared almost eight years for this night and was planning on getting as much information out of my captive as I could.
Whistling loudly, I thought of what to do after waking him up.  I should do something scary, like have a chainsaw on in my hands when he comes to. I pictured him with his arms and legs chained to the walls while sitting in the chair. I giggled to myself. I’d probably shit my pants if it were me
I decided to start with that as I shut the last of the sound proof doors and turned toward the last door where my captive was. I was in high spirits while opening the door. 
The room was a vivid white rectangle with two metal chairs and a metal table. There was a drain pipe in the middle to make it look scarier. Off to the right side of the room, opposite the door, was a metal cage that was filled with random weapons and scare tactics.
My whistling stopped abruptly as I shouted, “What the fuck?” My captive had managed to get both of his arms free.
The man halted his attempted escape to look up at me. I could’ve sworn he almost smiled before looking at me in disgust. 
I quickly responded while his eyes narrowed to slits, no doubt trying to kill me with his mind.

 
 
 




TWO
 
 
I immediately summoned my inner bad-ass. 
He should still be knocked out from the Sleeper Spray I hit him with! This isn’t making any sense.
I quickly ran to the wall he was chained to and threw a punch to his face, hoping to knock him out. My adrenaline was high. This is not part of the plan!  I was trained in all sorts of combat skills and knew how to knock anyone out with one punch if you hit just the right spot.  Confusion swept over me when his face slightly turned, but it didn’t seem to faze him. 
“What the hell?” 
He caught my wrist the second time I threw it up.  He pulled me closer to him, trying to put me in a lock with both of his arms. I was faster and caught his left arm and managed to get it back into the chain restraint. 
I took a few steps back while he still had a hold of my right arm.  He looked down at me with narrowed, pissed off—albeit surprised— eyes. 
How had he gotten his hands free the first time?  This was like insider training. Did he know the same Yoga/Houdini relaxation methods to relax his joints to escape these regulation cuffs? 
“Do you mind telling me why I’m chained up and why you have me here?” he asked calmly, still holding onto my right arm.
Oh, so he was going to play innocent was he? All the more reason for torture.  
Letting my arm relax, I faked nonchalance while trying to get his attention off the death grip he had around my wrist.
“Tell me what you know about Tony and I’ll turn you into the bureau instead of killing you,” I calmly replied. 
He surprised me by snorting in laughter. I yanked my arm free finally and took a few steps back from my mystical captive. 
Oh, I’m definitely going to have fun getting information out of him now. 
“Why is that funny? Do you know how many of his men I’ve captured and done this to? Let’s just say I hope you’re actually useful, unlike the last couple of guys.” 
I kept my eyes on his to add to my threat. His deep, hazel eyes… no, no, focus!
I let my eyes drift over to the table with all my weapons. My torture devices.  He followed that action before looking back at me. 
“Turn me into the Bureau? Sector 8? I‘m assuming you‘re also an agent? What sector do you work under? It’s obviously not 8 or else we wouldn’t be in this position right now.”  
Also? No way was he still an agent. He’d probably gone rogue too. And no, I’m not an agent, but I’m trained even better than one.  What sector? My own.  My parents wanted me to be well prepared in case I was ever put into bad situations. Even if I was putting myself in those situations, it would still help.
He had a good game face, pretending he knew about Sector 8. 
I narrowed my eyes on him. He could see my face, which meant I’d have to call Dan to get him anyways. He was supposed to still be knocked out when I came in here whistling. There goes my incognito plan. 
“You may have worked with the bureau at one point, but you’ve obviously gone rogue. I know you work for Tony and I’m going to need some information from you. We can do it the hard way—” I glanced back at my weapons “—or the easy way.” 
Turning my most fantastic smile toward him, I hoped it looked promising and scary.
I didn’t actually want to use the weapons, but I’d have to do something before calling Dan to come get him. If I ever needed, he or someone he trusted could be here in less than five minutes at all times. 
Dan has full access to my house just in case something ever goes wrong. 
His irritation was getting more and more visible since I ignored his internal FBI questions. I could’ve answered him, since it’s not like he was going anywhere with the information, but I wanted him to be doing the talking, not me. 
“What would you like to know about Tony?” he asked.  “And I’m working on finding Tony myself.” He glanced at the shackles before sneering, “Or I was.”
I grabbed a chair and placed it a few feet away, straddling it with the back facing him.
“Well, since we both work for the good guys,” I sarcastically rolled my eyes, “then you won’t mind telling me everything you‘ve learned. Why not start at the beginning?” 
I stared him down, waiting for a response. He looked me up and down. 
‘Unbelievable’ seemed to be flashing through his mind. 
Before responding, he yanked his hand from the chain so that both hands were free again. I started to get up but he merely placed his hands out in front as a surrender. I sat back down, eying him cautiously, and waited. The Sleeper Spray in the drawer would keep him from doing much more, if needed.
“First of all, I do work for the government. I’ve been working my way through the lowest of the low, undercover, to get to Tony. Of course, it’s probably all ruined now that you have me.  Someone probably got back to him that I’ve been taken. Once I tell the bureau that you interfered with me getting close to Tony, I’ll try to have them be lenient on you. After all, if you managed to get to the group I was in, you probably were getting close to Tony. Closer than anyone else.  Well, besides me of course. Before,” he moved his feet to insinuate his capture, “this happened.” 
I sat and continued glaring at him. He could say all he wanted but I wasn’t going to believe him. 
He seemed to sense that and sighed. Growled really, his irritation at full bloom.
“Look, if you’ve got something in your little room of torture devices, then you can come shave my hair and look at the tattoo I have. You might not know what it means but you can check into it and then let me go.”  I continued staring. “Soon,” he added. “Or we can do this the easy way and you can call the bureau and give them my agent number. You’re not very clever…you left your FBI standard issue vest and gun out for my viewing. Or maybe you are clever, since you got me to admit I’m FBI. I guess those could belong to anybody, but they usually switch them out if anyone’s personal weapons get stolen or lost, which is hardly ever.”
Damn! How could he possibly know that? And right, like I didn't know that agent numbers could be falsified. And I didn't want to involve Dan yet.
I started to smile, thinking he was just trying to trap me again. I got up, grabbed the cordless trimmer and slid it close to his feet before sitting back down in my chair, waiting. 
Yes, I have a trimmer. I have just about anything that would look like I could use it for torturing. I just needed to fill up the entire room and was running out of ideas of what to put into it. I wonder what my parents kept in here. Dan had already cleared everything out by the time he told me about the room.
I gestured for him to go ahead. 
He picked it up and turned it on, glaring at me the entire time he shaved the back of his head. He had sexy surfer hair that had just started to go wavy. It’s a shame he thought shaving it would be useful.
Less than a minute later he turned it off and slid it back toward me. He turned his whole body sideways so the back of his head was facing me. I could see something, but it was pretty small. 
I got out of the chair and stood about two feet away from him, ready if he tried to attack me. 
My breathing stopped after inhaling a sharp breath. How did he get that tattoo?  That was the tattoo my parents had. The special ops team my parents worked in had all gotten the same tattoo. If you’re given that tattoo, there’s a special reason. He must have passed all his testing and proven to be selfless somehow. Not just saving a life, he must have saved multiple lives in multiple situations. Graduating from The Academy or some bureau school, did not give you that mark.
I thought only five people had that same tattoo; six, including me.  Dan showed me pictures of them and he wasn’t one of them. I would’ve remembered that face. His perfect…focus!  
I have the same tattoo, so no, I won’t be calling Dan to verify this man’s story.
I got it on my twenty second birthday after Dan explained mostly everything to me. No one but Dan knew about it. He’d personally branded me with the Mark of Promise on the inside of my bottom lip after proving myself to him. I hadn’t been on any real missions, but apparently I’d passed all my tests with flying colors; or he just felt bad for me complaining about getting my parents‘ Mark. But Dan told me I was a natural.
Revenge is a hard task master.
The tattoo is an eye. Inside the pupil was the lettering MOP, for Mark of Promise. The pupil was all black but the lettering was dark gray and would barely register to anyone who saw it and didn’t know about it. We were supposed to put the tattoo where no one would really see it, and if they did, we were to have an explanation. I guess he chose to have an eye on the back of his head, to watch you with. 
I registered my hand was reaching out to touch it and barely stopped myself before dropping it back down to my side. 
My mouth dropped. No freaking way is this true! I opened my mouth to speak but nothing came out. He must have mistaken my silence for something else because the next thing I knew he’d somehow managed to get both of his feet free by flinging himself forward, knocking over the chair and landing on top of me. He pinned me underneath him and knocked the wind out of me.  
He’d ripped both of the chains from the wall. Definitely trained well. It seems he’d ripped them from the wall earlier and had just placed them back to appear he was still my captive.  
All my training and planning down the drain in a matter of minutes!  What’s wrong with me, letting my guard down so easily? Unless his tattoo didn’t mean anything to him, if he got it as a cover, then I knew he wouldn’t really hurt me unless he thought me a real threat.
Our eyes locked as he let all his weight hold me immobile.  I lay there, too stunned to do or say anything before his mouth turned into the smallest of smirks. 
Well, hell.
   
 





THREE
 
 
My legs and arms were securely locked down, not giving me any wiggle room to get free. I moved my torso to try and get an inch here or there, but it just made him plant himself closer against me. I quit moving and shot murderous eyes at him. I’d been planning on letting him go, why did he jump me? 
“If I get off of you, are you going to attack me, or have we established that I’m not a bad guy?” 
His breath blew against my cheek and goose bumps rose. What the hell? 
I couldn’t talk so I just nodded. 
He seemed to be gauging me before he slowly sat up and let go of my arms he’d pinned above my head.  Once we no longer had any body contact, I was able to breathe and refocus. He reached out his hand to offer to help me up. I grabbed it after five seconds of hesitation. 
I knew I could trust him because of that tattoo. That tattoo is my world and I had to find out more. 
“The bureau really sent you in undercover?” I ended up asking. 
He just smiled. 
“Technically…yes. I volunteered to go undercover years ago.” 
He was now standing with his back to the wall he used to be chained to as he crossed his arms over his chest. His bulky, muscled chest….Wow.
He had dark brown hair and thick eyebrows. His skin was tanned with a perfectly shaven face. When I looked into his eyes, he seemed to be checking me out as well.  Not really in a sexual way, more like an ‘I can‘t believe this little girl kidnapped me’ way. 
I’m not homely, but I’m no Charlie. Just long legs, a full ass, and small boobs. My hair’s a mess from playing with the kids and then fighting with him. It’s long, down to the center of my back, black and wavy. I had no makeup on either. I wasn’t expecting him to be conscious and able to see my face, so I hadn’t worn my matching mask to the outfit. 
I cleared my throat, trying to find my voice.
“Why did you volunteer?” 
I’d asked Dan before if he thought I could be sent undercover or anything close to openly looking for Tony, but he quickly rejected the idea and made sure that everyone else agreed with him whenever I brought it up. 
“Why are you so interested?” He must have seen me start to clam up because he quickly went on.  “He’s killed too many innocent people along with many members of the bureau. Tony and his little band of terrorists have been interested in biological warfare the past couple of years and I would really rather stop them from using anything on anyone else.”
He looked exhausted. 
“Look,” he said. “We obviously have the same goal. You should call the bureau and find out about my tattoo so I can leave on…friendly terms.”  
I looked away and started to put my chair back before replying.
“I know what it is.”  I started chewing my bottom lip, recognized the nervous habit, then stopped. It wouldn’t do any good to look weak now. “I’m sorry I drugged and kidnapped you, but I thought you were one of Tony’s men. I watched you leave the club meeting last night.” I struggled to keep my voice strong. “None of his men saw me take you, so you should be fine to go back undercover.” 
He laughed at that. Maybe it was the way I diverted any eye contact now like I was a teenager who was being scolded by my parents.
I wasn’t going to apologize any more than that. How was I supposed to know who he was? 
But maybe I could use him to get further into Tony’s crew. I want Tony dead and this guy could be useful.
“I can’t go back under cover now. I had to shave my head and now my tattoo is showing. Tony’s men would know what it meant eventually,” he explained, his face now a blank slate, hiding his emotions.
I was blushing now. Freaking blushing! I never do that. He seemed to sense my unease as he sighed and ran a hand through his hair.
“But maybe in a few weeks, once it’s grown back out, I can fake like I was in jail for something and go back.” 
It appears he’s just trying to hurry up the conversation so he can get the hell out of here and move on with his life. He kept giving me this expectant look.  I’m not sure what it means yet, but I’m great at reading people so I’ll try to figure him out before he leaves. 
I smiled a little before looking up into his eyes.
“Would you be willing to tell me what you’ve found out about Tony?” 
I probably sounded a little too hopeful, but he’s my only chance, since no one who actually knows me would tell me anything. They were too afraid I’d get myself killed, and Dan promised my parents he’d make sure I stayed out of this life. Which he had for the most part. I’m not a kid so he can’t really make me stay home. I’m a grown twenty six year old and I stay out of trouble most of the time. 
“If you want to know what I know, then can I at least get something to eat and drink? I really need to go to the bathroom, too.” 
An unexpected reply. But I guess we were on the same team and I knew I could trust him now, so I gestured for him to follow me. 
“Can you take these off of me? I’d rather not drag them around.” 
I glanced back and tried to hide my giggle as I pictured him walking around with them on. 
I grabbed the key out of the closet drawer and tossed it to him. He caught it with ease and quickly released the manacles from his ankles. 
I grabbed his wallet and cell phone from the safe that made things un-traceable, and handed both back to him with a shy grin before gesturing for him to follow me.
We went back through the door and followed the two hallways to get back past the sound proof doors, and up and out of the basement. Out of habit, I glanced behind me to make sure I was still safe. He started snickering at my level of security here.
“A little extreme?” 
“I take precautions and I don’t want my neighbors to hear,” I stiffly reply. 
I inherited this nice setup, not that it was any of his business. Don’t question my tactics when I’m the one who had you chained to the wall, I thought dryly.  
We reached the top of the stairs and headed toward the kitchen. He followed me, but not too closely, thank God. At least he knew about space bubbles; a lot of people just hover.  
“What sounds good to you? Pizza or Chinese? Either one will deliver.” 
I looked back to find him smiling a crooked smile, then quickly looked away so I wouldn‘t blush again.
“Pizza or Chinese both sound great. Ladies choice.” 
I gestured to where the bathroom was while picking up the phone, then dialed.
I wanted to use the time it would take for the food to be delivered to get some information out of him. I ordered from the place that took the longest in hopes he’d be feeling talkative, then quickly changed out of what now seemed like a ridiculous outfit while he was in the bathroom, putting on some jeans and a plain short sleeved shirt. I came back down stairs to find him sitting in the living room.
My un-matching furniture suddenly seemed to bother me. I thought they all complimented each other before, but now they all seemed out of place.
“So, what’s your name? And the pizza will be here in thirty to forty five minutes.” 
He glanced up from the magazine he was flipping through; a Cosmo.  I grinned. 
“Oh, so now there’s going to be proper introductions?” he asked with a smirk.  
I sat down in the recliner facing the couch he was sitting on. He eyed me warily. 
“Have you actually used those torture devices or is that just a technique you use to scare people into getting the information you want?” he asked. “Or am I the first one you’ve brought home? And a lovely home it is by the way.”   
Geez, he’s a talker. 
He’d already done his full perimeter check, it seemed. He at least looked relaxed, even if he wasn’t.  He’s also the hottest FBI guy I’ve ever seen and he seemed to have the same flirtatious personality that I have.  
I laughed and looked up at him again.  
“Let‘s just say that you‘re the first to leave in one piece.”      
I didn’t need to reveal that, yes; he is the first I’d brought home. 
He laughed at that, then walked over to me with his hand extended.  
“I’m Ralph. It’s a pleasure to meet you…” 
“Britney,” I said quickly, thinking it would be best not to give him my real name in case he knew Dan. There was no reason for Dan to know about my little adventure since nothing was going to happen. 
Of course, with my luck, I got the one good guy out of the choices I had last night.
I quickly let go of his hand and walked back into the kitchen. 
“Do you want something to drink?” 
I thought my aversion to close contact was handled but he followed me into the kitchen. 
“What do you have?”
“Hmm, well I have Caprisuns, milk, water or wine. Sorry I don’t have any beer but as you can tell, I wasn’t planning on having a dinner party,” I added while giving him a sly smile at how this night turned out. 
Ralph chuckled. “That’s ok. I prefer wine anyways. Where are your glasses?  I can help you with that.” 
I pointed to the china cabinet and he retrieved two glasses while I opened the wine before pouring us each a third of a glass, then turned the TV on when we went back into the living room.
“So, do you need to call anybody and check in or…” I let it dangle, seeing what he wanted to do.
“Nothing that can’t wait. How do you know about my tattoo? And what sector did you say you work under?”
Crap. I quickly thought of the best way to escape this conversation. 
“I’m not in the system. I’m completely off the charts, undercover. I can give you my boss’s name, but then I’d have to kill you,” I smiled. 
Ok, so I let him think I was FBI.  My smile got bigger when his lips curved into one. Ralph is gorgeous!
“And I know almost everything there is in and about the bureau. That tattoo means a lot and since you have one, I respect you. What did you do to get yours?” I asked while chewing on my bottom lip again. I saw his eyes follow the action and quickly released it while waiting for his response.
“It’s a combination of assignments I’ve worked and people I’ve brought in. Both dead and alive. You can research me,” Ralph winked.
“Right. You don’t have to give me the details. That’s fine,” I said while sipping my wine. Ralph obviously wasn’t going to tell me everything. I couldn’t blame him. After all, I hadn’t even given him my real name. “It figures that the one guy I grabbed last night is on our side. I’ll never let myself live this down.” 
I’d mostly been talking out loud to myself but noticed Ralph was looking at me with a small smile. 
“We all have our days. It seems our karma’s just getting the best of us I guess.” We both took long drinks before Ralph continued. “I’m not trying to sound cheesy or anything, but you really have pretty eyes.”
Looking back into his, I smiled and tried to remain unaffected. My eyes were bright green in contrast to his deep hazel.
“Thanks Ralph. Yours aren’t so bad either.”
 
********
     
“So, let me get this straight,” I pondered while trying to make sense of what I’d just heard. “You signed up for the undercover position six years ago and went undercover two years ago just to be the one to bring in the infamous Tony? That doesn’t make any sense. There has to be another reason. You risk your life daily just to be the one to get him? What were you, twenty when you signed up for this? Do you regret it now?”
My thoughts were reeling. He’d devoted his young life to bringing in a bad guy, not anything personal? 
He just shrugged.
“Well why are you after him? And I was twenty three,” he replied.  
I knew this was coming and my answer was blunt. 
“Tony murdered my parents.” 
“I’m sorry.” Ralph sounded nothing but sincere.
I shrugged and took another bite of my pizza, deciding not to let my thoughts linger on bad memories and quickly redirected them to him.
Ralph’s probably six four and extremely well built with a very square jaw, muscles in all the right places and dark brown hair. His eyes are a deep hazel that seemed to blaze with passion as we talked about bureau life. He also has a full bottom lip that I found myself fantasizing about tasting. His hair was long and shaggy, well, except for a chunk out of the back. 
I smiled.
Ralph shaved his head so I wouldn’t fight him. He’d obviously already gotten out of his restraints. I wonder why he didn’t attack me, instead of giving me time to assess the situation. Probably from the vest and gun he’d spotted hanging inside my torture cage.
I must have been staring at him for too long because he looked up and held my gaze with a tight smile before grabbing the bottle of wine and pouring us each some more.
“Have you come across any important information, something that hasn’t been logged in the systems yet?” 
“Not really. I was supposed to meet Tony face to face next week, and that’s when I’d get sent on more dangerous assignments for him. I was mostly just an errand boy for the last year. I would pass along messages and get equipment we needed. I was almost outed once but the bureau interfered and captured the girl before she could reveal anything. She was a rogue in the bureau and she recognized me. They brought her in even before she knew I recognized her first.” Satisfaction radiated from his face.
“Good. What happened to the girl?” I asked with nothing but disgust coating my words.
“She’s a traitor. She’s currently awaiting death row. We’re trying to get her sentence moved up since she helped kill other agents and civilians, and is unwilling to give us any information. I’m hoping it’ll be by the end of this year.”
We ate for a while longer in silence. Damn me for ruining Ralph’s undercover position! He could’ve come away with a lot of useful information.
“What if Tony asked you to kill a civilian in front of him to show your allegiance or something? Did you have a plan? Or were you just told to do it, to keep your cover?” 
Ralph’s grimaced and I immediately regretted asking him. I wouldn’t have been able to, but there’s no harm in trying to gauge how he’d handle himself.
“I had to kill a civilian to get in. He wasn’t innocent, but I still hate that I did it. To be honest, it was either he kills me or I kill him. I wasn’t going to go down that easily. Pretending like it didn’t even faze me was the hardest part. But I’ve got a family and will do anything to get back to them. Always.” 
Casting me a sideways glance, we shared a look of understanding, before turning back to our food. 
Ralph had a family, but I doubt he had a wife, what with the way we’ve been flirting. Or at least I surely hoped not.
“How about you? Ever kill any civilians?” Ralph waited for my response as I finished my mouthful.
“Nope. But I’ve never been placed into a position where I’d have to yet. I’ve been lucky. Well, for the most part.” 
We both smiled, glancing back at each other. Oh, how this night had turned out.







FOUR
 
 
Ralph turned out to be good company. We ended up talking and flirting for two more hours until he decided he should be getting back home. We’d finished off the bottle of wine and I called him a cab. It’s not like I brought his car with me after kidnapping him. 
I didn’t really press him for information because I kind of felt bad about the whole kidnapping and threatening to torture him thing. It was actually really nice to talk to him about my real life and not the pretend one I have with Charlie. 
He hadn’t been friends with my parents since they’d died before he started his training, but I knew the tattoo was the real deal. Mine was hidden and I wasn’t planning on telling him about it unless I had to. 
The doorbell rang and I went to pay the cab before he could argue.  I started to say goodbye to him when I opened the door and saw Charlie standing there.  
“Hey, I saw you order pizza and…” her voice trailed off when she saw Ralph standing next to me.  After shock wore off, her face turned into a wicked grin as she held out her hand. “Hi, I’m Charlie.” 
“Ralph,” he said while extending his own hand. “It’s nice to meet you.” 
“Sorry to interrupt but I didn’t know you had company. I know you said you were going out tonight, but then I saw the pizza guy and was going to see if you wanted to do a movie night at my house since I just tucked the kids into bed.” She smiled brightly. “But you’re busy, so I’ll just call you tomorrow.” Charlie winked at me, which Ralph definitely noticed. 
Ralph Smiled. “Actually, my cab just pulled up.  Don’t let me ruin your evening or anything.” 
I could hear the sarcasm dripping from every word and bit my lip to keep from laughing.
We all went out to the front yard and Charlie smoothly, or not, headed toward her house while I walked him to the cab. 
“I left my number on your counter. I know you have lots of questions for me, just as I have for you, but we can do it another time.” He was smiling that ridiculous flirtatious crooked smile. 
I slipped to the driver’s side and handed him a hundred before walking back to Ralph’s side.
“Thank you,” I said, regarding leaving his number. 
Also to the fact that he hadn’t been a bitch about the whole kidnapping thing. Why hadn’t he? I couldn’t find a good reason for him being so calm tonight, or me for that matter.
“Want me to call you the next time I capture someone so we can both do the torturing?” I asked sarcastically. 
We were both laughing, equally nervously, when his gaze turned to look behind me. 
Charlie came running toward us holding out a piece of paper. Ralph took it while we both gave her weary looks. She grabbed me and started pulling me backwards while saying bye and waving to Ralph as he got into the cab.  We both watched them drive away. 
“What did you give him?” I asked. 
“Your phone number,” she announced un-apologetically. I gaped at her. “Well I heard him start talking so I ran in and ripped a small piece of paper off the kids coloring books they’d left in the front room and brought it out for you. How is it he was at your house but he doesn’t know your phone number and you don’t know his? How did he get to your house? I only saw the pizza guy.” Charlie looked at me expectantly while we walked into her living room. 
Oh hell!  I hadn’t been planning on anyone seeing him so I hadn’t thought of a lie yet. I hate lying to Charlie! She’s my best friend, but it’s too late to start telling the truth to her without ruining things. 
I chewed my bottom lip.
“Oh my gosh!  Was he there the whole day? Did you take him home last night? He just sat over there when you watched the kids?” 
Her eyes were huge, waiting for an answer. Well this wouldn’t be lying so I simply said, “Yes” with a wicked grin.  
That really did it. She laughed herself silly while casting me looks of disbelief. 
“You had sex with some random and left him at your house while you watched my kids?” 
“No! I didn’t have sex with him.” I nudged her while rolling my eyes. “He’s an old friend from high school. I ran into him last night and he’s in town for a few days so I let him stay at my house.”
“Wow. Ok. I want one. Does he have any brothers? A single dad? An uncle?”
“Nope. Not sure about the uncle, though. I’ll ask him if I ever see him again. Or you could just go directly for him,” I suggested to continue the innocence charade.
“Yeah right,” she said, rolling her eyes. “You should’ve seen the way he was looking at you. Did you guys date in high school or anything?”
“Nope. I told you. I never really had any boyfriends. He was just a friend.”
“Weird. He was looking at you in such an intimate way. Oh well, maybe I will make a go for him if I see him,” Charlie smirked. “But on the other hand, I’d rather not feel your wraith. Your eyes popped out when I said that. I was just kidding! He’s all yours. Finders keepers.”
“Alright, enough. I’ll never see him again anyways. What about Brent? Have you called him?”
“No. I don’t think I’m going to. I get a weird vibe from him. Don’t get me wrong, he’s always a gentleman, but something is just off. He’s probably married or something. I got the same feeling about Paul right before he died.” 
Charlie never talked about her late husband. I sat silent, not wanting to push her for details. I could see her face start to contort while she tried to keep it straight. Trying desperately to change the subject, I bent down my bottom lip for her to see my tattoo.
“What is that? When did you get it?” Charlie asked while a small smile resurfaced on her face.
“It’s the mark of my family. It’s top secret. Promise me you won’t tell anybody.”
“Ok. Why is it secret? And why is it on the inside of your lip? That must’ve hurt like hell.”
“It wasn’t too bad. Injecting morphine into my lip so it was numb helped a lot,” I smiled. Charlie bent close to examine it again. “I’m not sure what it means but it’s been passed down from generation to generation. I only trust you with this secret because you’re like family to me. When I find out what it means, I’ll let you know. My parents wrote me a separate letter in the Will that states I can open it when I’m thirty. I’m hoping it will clarify a lot of questions I still have.”
“Geez. You’re filthy rich. You have family heirloom tattoos. You’re beautiful. You have a kick ass neighbor.  Who are you?” Charlie teased. 
“Yeah, yeah. Just promise me and put in a movie.”
“Of course I promise. You just promise me you’ll tell me what you find out.”
“Done deal.” 
That gave me a few more years to ease Charlie into my real life. If she still wanted to know by then, I’d tell her. I’d just lied to her about Ralph but I’d make it up to her, I silently promised. 
I got up off the couch and dimmed her lights while grabbing some blankets. Charlie took off for the kitchen where I soon heard popcorn popping. The kids were upstairs fast asleep and could usually never hear us. 
Charlie came back and plopped the popcorn bowls down before heading back to the kitchen. I grabbed a bowl and dug in. 
I’d already had a lot of wine, maybe too much. I gasped, hoping I wouldn’t regret telling Charlie about my tattoo. I knew she would keep my secret, but was I ready for other people to know about it?
“Here you go.” 
She handed me a small glass of wine. Sitting down next to me, I gave her one of the blankets while she hit all the buttons on her remotes. I’d have to get her a Universal remote for Christmas.
“What are we watching?”
“You pick. There’s a bunch to choose from directly on the TV.”
Charlie started scrolling through what seemed like an endless list of movies. I didn’t care what we watched. I bundled up in the blanket and took another handful of popcorn when Charlie’s favorite movie popped up. She smiled over at me while clicking on it. Sixteen Candles it is.

 
 



FIVE

Dressed in my ‘work’ gear, all in black, hiding in my car three blocks away from a different night club that some of Tony‘s men were known to linger, I scowled. My mask was already secured in place to help ensure no more mistakes were made, like last time.
My mechanic added a special camera setup on the front of my car attached to the headlights that could zoom in up to half a mile with perfect clarity. A ten inch screen popped out of my dash so I didn’t need to use the binoculars anymore. 
It’s been two days since I’d gone looking for trouble, making me itch to do something rather than sit at home and think about Ralph; who hadn’t called by the way. So neither had I. 
What kind of a name is Ralph anyways?  No hot guy was ever named Ralph. Ralph. Except he’s not hot, he’s devastatingly gorgeous. 
Sigh. Ok. Focus! 
Returning my gaze to the screen, I saw two men leading a young girl, who looked about eighteen, into an alley that led to a backdoor of the club. They looked to be supporting her when they stopped at the entrance to let her puke. It’s obvious she’s in bad shape.  
If they manage to get her in the back door, there’s no way I’ll be getting the both of us back out alive. 
Blind rage took over me. Taking such a young girl, drugging her and then probably using her like they did the other victims in their airborne warfare experiments, had me seeing red.
I slipped out of my car and was behind them before they were halfway down the alley, telling the girl how much fun she was about to have. I ran full force, sideways at the brick wall. The men heard me too late. Taking two strides up the wall, I rotated and kicked out hard with my right leg and felt a satisfying crunch when it connected with the small man’s bald head.  I'd obviously caught him by surprise and hit hard enough that he was out cold when he hit the ground. 
Landing, I was faced with just one man now. The taller one had time to use the girl as a shield. Pussy.  We danced back and forth while I searched for an opening to get this asshole away from her. I feinted right and went left, strong, with a punch to the side of his head. He ducked and moved so I ended up hitting the girl instead.  
Shit. 
He threw her at me, then booked it out of the alley like a demon was chasing him. I stumbled but caught the girl before we hit the asphalt. The only thing to do now is to get us out of here before he came back with more of them. 
Oh hell. That whole, dead weight thing again.  For a little thing, she’s surprisingly heavy. 
I threw both of her arms over my right shoulder; my neck was tucked under her armpit. I squatted with my feet flat on the ground while tightening my inner core, grabbing her ass with both my hands before lifting. 
Lift with your legs, not your back.
A grunt erupted from my mouth while straightening my legs. Shit! Her purse. I released my left arm from her left cheek and snatched up her purse. A Nano-second later her purse and my hands were back to her ass. I adjusted her body to move quickly back to my car.  
Well shit, this night’s also not going as planned. I needed to take one of the goons home to get information, not take someone to the hospital with an injury I inflicted.  I would have to get a new car or at least change the license plate now that there was a chance one of them would spot me.
I unloaded the girl into the passenger seat and got in on the driver’s side before starting back onto the freeway, driving a few exits past mine only to get off and head toward the nearest hospital, hoping to lose anyone if they were following me. 
The girl had long dirty blonde hair and a round nose with rosy cheeks. It was mid-August so she was wearing a tank top with a light jacket over it, and jeans.
Having no idea what to do with the girl now, I began cursing out loud. Taking her to Dan would give me away, so I decided to take her to the hospital instead of home. Could I just drop her off and leave? Maybe pretend I was going to park the car and not return?  How would I explain this outfit? How could I obstruct my face without my superhero mask on?
I was just about to the hospital when the girl started to regain consciousness. Thank God.  She stirred and blindly looked over at me as she struggled to come to the surface. It wasn’t long before she started focusing in more and mumbling. I couldn’t quite hear her so I pulled over and turned off the car, then turned to her and asked her again as I got close enough to hear her incoherent babble.
“Ralph...Ralph…” 
That stopped me, mouth gaped open like a fish. 
I asked her again who Ralph was. She simply said, “Ralph…help me,” before going unconscious again. 
I turned the car back on and drove back to my house as fast as I could while trying not to get pulled over.
Is it even the same Ralph? Maybe not. But she was with Tony‘s men. Is this his girlfriend or something? She looked a little young, but hell, who knew! Maybe they were just friends, I mused. 
Shit, I’m lame. 
Here I knocked out the girl I was trying to save and now I’m jealous that she might know Ralph better than I do. It’s probably not even the same Ralph.  I would call him anyways; see if he knows her. At least now I have an excuse to call him.  
Snap out of it, Lexi! Get a grip! Get the girl to safety. Call Ralph and go from there. 
 
********

 

Find all my available books by searching for: Kiahana in the Amazon search engine.
Hope to hear from you soon!


























