The Sheikh’s Bought Wife 2
Kimaya Mathew
Copyright Kimaya Mathew 2017
Published at Smashwords
Smashwords licence notes:
The following work is purely the author’s imagination and bears no resemblance to any living or dead. This e-book is for your personal enjoyment, and it should not be re-sold or pirated. If you have not purchased this copy then kindly buy your own by visiting Smashwords site. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 


By the Author:
Hello, Readers.
After a long break from work, finally, I am back once again. To entertain you all by the new ideas which have popped into my head.
My e-mail: girlbaby554@gmail.com.
Please do rate and review the work after you have finished reading it.
Warning:
The following work is for 18 and above. Kindly look into the fact!




My head hurts. It hurts like a bitch! Getting up from the bed, sitting on the sheets upright, I try to look around. My eyes still feel dizzy, and my brain is trying to come back to life. I feel so...confused.
Next to me, on the bedside drawer, the phone rings, bringing my attention to it. It is nine in the morning!
O, God!
“Hello,”
“Is this Rosemary Green?”
“Yes,” I look back to the alarm clock, whose pointy hands are stuck on nine.
“Hi Rose, I am speaking from the Jones Clinic. Your report for the health check-up, which was done the previous week, has arrived. Kindly collect it from the lab. Doctor Jonah wants to meet you. Please make it ASAP.”
“Sure,”
I cut the line, get up straight and…try to bring last night in my focus. God! Those three shots of evident Vodka…No wonder, I am feeling so fuzzy now.
Making it to the bathroom, splashing water on my face, wiping it, I look straight into the mirror.
Blackface, pixie cut looking like a hard scrubber on my forehead and, out of all the things, the blue eyes staring back at me through the mirror…
I am a mess. In my baggy loose shirt, black shorts riding to my knees…
There is vibration in my chest. Keeping my hand on mouth, opening the lid of the commode, I throw up the contents of last night. Until the time my chest starts hurting from the continuous retching, I feel a different sort of burning in my throat.
I flush.
But, right at the moment, my stomach churns again, and I throw up blood! Blueblood!
****
Riding in the back of my Mercedes, with my eyes staring at the white snow, which may have had fallen the previous night, I try not to think about the outcome of today’s conversation. Jonah is the healer, in disguise of a human doctor.
I am Rosemary Green, grand-daughter of Alastair Green, the prominent industrialist of Kufri, Shimla. Before I proceed further with my personal life history, I would like to tell you about my late parents, Angus and Beatrix Green.
I don’t know much about my dad, apart from the fact that he was Alastair’s only son, whose single mistake was to make a Fae, pregnant, with his child!
My mum, Beatrix with no surname, was a fae, or more plainly, a fairy. So, I am part human and part fairy.
****
“How are you?”
“I am fine. I got a call from the clinic. You wanted to have a talk with me?”
“Sure,”
Sitting in the opposite chair, straightening my jacket, taking the paperweight in my hand, I started playing with it. Tossing it from one side to another, I look at her.
“So, what does it say? The report?”
She never meets my eyes and keeps on going through the pages.
“Jonah, what does the report says?”
She looks at me and clearly, whatever is there in the report, is the reason she is hesitating to tell me all about it.
“You should have got your transition till now-“
“What does the report say?”
“I mean, Beatrix was a pure royalty in herself and now, but, it seems-“
“The report-“
“Your transition will never happen.”
There, she has laid it out loud. My hand stops, but my eyes never leave her face. She is much more concerned about my transformation, then, I am. The silence around me is deafening.
It always comes to this, doesn’t it?
“Do you want to have some time to yourself?”
“No” I clear my throat, “I mean, I want to know the entire truth,”
“Why?” she is irritated. Getting up from the table, she makes it to the window side and stares out of it.
“How much time do I have?”
“Why does it matter?”
“Jo!” I stand up and make it to her side. “You never lied to mum; so, don’t even try it with me. How much time do I have?”
Turning to me, I see her face deep in shadows, and her mouth is set in a grim line. 
“Three years!”


 I am trying to gulp down this entire conversation, but clearly, Jo is not able to handle herself. Throwing her arms around my neck, she sobs on my shoulder, while I try to soothe her down. It is funny. I mean, it should have been me doing the action and not her.
“Council says,” she straightens herself and sniffs, “There is no going back to the situation. Rules cannot change for anyone, not even for the youngling of the queen herself.”
“I knew it,” I say, trying to smile, while inside, I am feeling the coldness seeping in my bone.
“Are you ok?” she looks at me. Her glare is so inquisitive.
“Yes, I am,” I say, coming back to the seat while my eyes never leave her face.
“Excuse me…,” saying that she orders for the coffee.
“Heard about Jeremy’s engagement! How was it? Did you go?”
I did not want to. Seeing my best friend and the first love of my life with some other bitch was like a dagger to my heart, but, I know, he loves her. He never looked at me, the way he was glaring at her…
“Yes,”
“How is Alastair? I hope, his health as well,”
You bet my ass, he is. The old dog drunk like an ass last night, but, kudos to his self-control. Even after gulping down so much, he remained his old sophisticated self. As usual, he did not forget to complain about my dress, my hair, or even how ugly I am…How he is shamed in the society just because of my existence…
“Absolutely,” I smile and sigh.
There is a pause in her talk as a girl comes from my side, with the coffee in her hand.
“Keep it here,” Joe smiles and makes a place for the tea. How I wish to be like her, and not this ugly self I am…
I dash at speed, on which, I have never run before. Everything is crumbling in my life. My entire world has come apart.
I know you are confused. I mean, who won’t, after reading this entire thing?
So, here it goes, I am more of a human and Fae’s side is quite feeble in me. My mum, Beatrix, was the princess of the fairy tribe, the last of its kind in India. Not having a transition means, I am destined to live a cursed life of an outcast from the entire tribe with a short lifespan of three years, after which, I will go back to Divinity, the Fairy Goddess.
My human father, Angus Green was just twenty-one, when he met my mother, in his sophomore year.
Before they could even make sense out of it, they fell for each other, hard. My mum was the most resplendent lady he had ever laid his eyes on. Rebelling against his father, Alastair, Angus married Beatrix and never returned back to the billionaire.
For five years, they lived a blissful life. Until my mum got pregnant. Then, on cue, the day I opened my eyes in this dark world, both of them were snatched from me.
I never call Alastair “Grandad” or “daddy” at that. Why should I? He has not done anything for me, like ever. To give him such respect will mean that I love him, which I clearly, do not.
So as I was saying, while we were coming from the hospital, with me as a bundle in my mother arms and a big goofy grin on my dad’s face, before either of them realized it, a night truck loosened dad’s control and the car made a straight drive for the dyke’s cliff. Miraculously, not a scratch was there on me.
Sorry, my phone is ringing right now…
“Hello,”
“Rose, where are you?”
“In my car, Alastair,”
A wince on the other side and he resume.
“I have told you so many times. Not to call me by name. When will you learn proper manners? Last night too, without informing either of your guards, you took off. Why have you no concern for others? Jeremy’s and Daphne’s family felt so weird. You did not even go to them for greetings congratulations…,”
“Is there a purpose for all this bickering? Because if there is, then, I am all ears. Stop eating my head by all that noise and come to the point…,”
Besides, I have just been informed by the healer that I am an outcast and my lifespan is three years, only. So might as well shed the cloak of decency and tell the world to eat the shit…
“Tonight, you are to come with me. There is one important event about to take place in town.”
“I am busy.”
“You always are. There is nothing new in it. There has not been a single hour when you have done as per my command. But, I am ordering you, Rosemary. This is not a request. I never do that, with you.”
“Oh yes, you don’t,” I try some sarcasm but all coming out of my mouth is the acceptance of Elder Green’s, so-called, order.


Standing beneath the shower spray, as hot water cascade down my flat chest, I feel life throbbing in my chest. After completing my graduation, being a totally hopeless and nut case, I expected my grandfather to have little compassion for me. Alastair wanted a boy. But when his own boy rebelled and married a total losing lady outside the socialite sector, Alastair broke all connections with him.
But, ties of blood are too high to be removed in that way, correct?
After the accident, when a baby girl was given to the old man, total disgust rocketed in his system. A baby boy could have had helped him in his business, as and when his studies got over. What will a girl do?
I always tried to meet his criteria for being a perfect grandchild. My grades remained up. Even being an average student, I made it my point to be excellent and excellent in every co-curricular field, but, as it turned out, Alastair kept on blaming me for my parent’s demise.
He says I am a black sheep of the entire family. All my life, I have cried silently to sleep, heaped by those accusations and blaming myself for everything. But as I left Shimla after school and marched out of the country for higher education, it crossed my mind, my love, respect and every warm emotion had dried up for him, and the practicality of life had taken over me.
He kept on filling my bank account for the help, but, I swear to Virgin Mary, I never even touched it. Instead, during my stay in Edinburg, I worked in a local garage for supporting myself in my studies. I did not want to do anything with him then, I did not want to do anything with him, now.
Coming back to India, just when I thought that maybe he had a mind change, about past, present and future, Alastair, once again, makes me feel dirty by keeping me away from the family business. As if, by merely stepping up in the help system, I might just contaminate the very air he breathes in!
Physically, I am thin as a matchstick. Even my chest, where only the slight unnoticeable swell is called breast, has no need of being supported by Bra! I wear that thing just because the custom says so. In all my life on this blue planet, not a single male has turned his glare in my direction.
I don’t blame them. I really don’t!
Stepping out of the shower stall, wiping myself and wrapping the thing, I come out of the bathroom, thinking about the limited choices in life, I am faced with. 
Sorry, my phone is ringing again…
“Hello?”
“Rose?”
“Hi Daphne,” I clear my voice and try to remove the sadness which had flared up inside me.
“Um, last night you left without saying anything…are you ok?”
“Yes, I am, why do you ask?”
“Um,” a slight pause there, “No, nothing… I just thought, maybe, you are not feeling well or something…,”
Oh God! Why is the world bent on rubbing salt on my already wounded self? Is she calling me purposely? Does she know?
“I am excellent, Daphne. Thanks for calling,”
“Are you coming for today’s event?  I mean the party…”
“Yes,” I say, while making my way to the bed, “I am. You want something?”
“Um, no. Take care. Bye.”
*****
Given a choice, I would have preferred coming in the leathers I wear all the time, along with the biker jacket and that too, on my bike. But, instead of that, sitting in front of the dressing table, I am staring at the reflection of mine.
Apart from working in a small bookshop, which I have built by my own low fortune without even asking for a single penny from the old man, I have no other unique work. I have shifts of the day planned. In the morning, I look into the working of the shop, in noon I mostly go to the animal shelter or the orphanage home.
Especially after visiting Jo today, I think, I am doing something worthy of the entire mankind race. If not much, at least something is there I have with me.
I am not a highly fashionable diva, for whom any boy will fall for. On the other hand, I am mostly referred to as a tomboy!
Keeping the side of my gown safely, I walk up to my sedan. Holding all the negative thoughts in the back of my head, I sit. In a minute, with a low purr of a lion, the car starts and races across the road!
***
So many thoughts are coming and going on the frontier of my mind. Something is vibrating in my bag, rolling my eyes; I dig inside and pull out my Micromax. It is a message.
“Should I tell your old man about the report? Just thought to ask you-Jo.”
“No,” I type and hit the send button. The car stops in the mid of the traffic, and I see the reflection of red light on its glass.
For some unknown reason. I feel suddenly twitchy and nervous. I think it is because of the reason I left yester night’s party in the mid. I know I should not have done that.  But forget it, why to go over the remnants of the night now?
I feel hot all of a sudden.
“Clara,” I say to the driver, removing the partition between us, “Is the heater on?”
“No mam, you want me to put it on?”
“Er no, thanks,” I say, and roll down the window glass. A waft of wind caresses my cheek. Absently, I turn to stare out of it.
With a slow halt, a Honda City comes to a standstill right next to mine. As if hit by some unseen energy, I recoil from that window side. I am just too jumpy, I think. Is it because of the news? Or maybe, I threw up some more blood before dressing up for the night?
As if forced again, I look up to the side of the Honda still. Why do I feel as if someone is pulling me to that car’s rear?
Grabbing a bottle of ice-cold water from the ice bucket in the car, I take slow gulps. My nerves are just stretching again.
Green lights are on. With a sigh of relief, the traffic moves, and we are racing back on the road.
****
Stepping out of the car, with Clara giving me my clutch, waving and passing a smile in her direction, I start walking inside the gates of the enormous mansion. The blue blood people have all arrived, I guess. Leaving the last night party aside, if the truth is to be uttered, then, I have never been to this kind of party before.
I try to avoid them if I can!
See, what I told you? Born in a wealthy family, does not necessarily means, that I should like every pleasure or fantasy they delve themselves in.
Coming to the staircase leading to the main door of the large looming building, with uneasy steps, I start climbing them, praying all the time that let me not fall on these high heels, which were delivered today by Alastair.
The people standing in the doorway let out a little gasp, as they look at me. Without paying any heed to them, I start making my progression inside the mansion. The doorkeeper gives me a tight smile, but, I can apparently listen to his internal chatter.
How can someone be so ugly?
Not even going to that direction, as soon as I step inside, slow music drifting in the atmosphere from the nearby speaker, catches my attention. Where is Alastair?
“Rose!”
I see him, finally, standing in the corner of the room with a chardonnay in hand and a big grin on his face.
“A- Gran!” I paste a fake smile on my face and move towards him. 
“Excuse me,” he says to the group and comes to my side. The smile on his face has vanished, and sudden anger has taken the place of joviality.
“Where have you been? I thought you are going to miss the entire thing, again…,”
“You know I hate these social events.” I say, between my grind teeth and the smile, which I am still keeping on my face, “Why did you even call me?”
“For something important, of course,” he smiles at someone before turning to me. “I have decided something in the past days, Rose. Though, you will never agree with me and,” he clears his throat, “I have decided upon your marriage, to Ethan James.”
****
Though everything is where it is supposed to be, my head feels like swarming in the space. A sudden headache has taken over me.  But, in spite of that, I keep on glaring at him.
“How dare- I mean,” I clear my throat and lower down my voice. “How can you think of something like that without even asking for my permission? It is my life, Alastair, do I need to remind you of that? You cannot just call me into some big dazzling party of your business partner and say something like this and not expect me to get shocked by it. How can you even think something like that?”
“Now, now,” he smiles at someone, again, before looking back at me with that familiar frown on his face, “There is no reason for you to get so much agitated. It is nothing. It is not, as if, I have announced your marriage. You are still twenty, I know, but if you ask me, I would prefer you to get married as soon as possible..,”
“I have never cared about your orders, Gran,” I put extra emphasis on the last word. “What makes you think I will follow them, this time?”
“I am stressed enough, Rosemary,” he says and taking me by the wrist, indicate me to follow him. “Might as well not take the risk of playing with my temper! Let’s talk in private,”
“Mr Green,” comes a voice and both of us halt to it. Turning back, I see a tall, muscular man walking towards us. “Sir I, - oh hello!” he looks at me, with an impish smile on his face.
“Meet Neville, Rose, Neville James, Ethan’s elder brother and the director of the James industries. She is Rose, Neville.”
****
Lying in bed, with eyes on the ceiling, I am recalled of the entire disastrous evening. Alastair wants me to get married, even, when I don’t want to. On top of that, the one interesting thing he had told me about my to-be groom is, he is blind!
Oh Yes, my life will be great!
I can honestly understand his motivations behind this relationship. Alastair wants a merger of both the industries. Also, as he is unaware of my reality and the lifespan thing, he thinks that no one will marry me. I cannot blame him. In today’s scenario, people judge others by their face and not real nature. Look at my friend Jeremy!
I am jealous, pure, but also, has he not chosen a fair damsel and rejected the only girl, who loved him like crazy?
What other example do you want?
Alastair wants me to meet the person, but, after meeting his elder brother Neville, his sister Pamela, who was genuinely kind and generous in her behaviour to me, I am, somewhat, ready to meet the guy in person.
I have not come to know anything specific about the entire family except the fact that they have just moved from Assam’s hills to my town.
This is how the conversation of both of us in his private room had gone…
“But why don’t you want to get married? Someday you have to, why not now?”
“Because I have not done anything great in my career until now! How do you expect me to get married at such an early age?”
“Think it for once, Rose. Ethan is a great guy and, blind or not, I know he has a great heart…”
“I don’t have any problem with him being blind, but, I am so young. I am just twenty, Alastair. How can you even think about me getting married at such an early age?”
“What do you want me to do? How can I convince you? You know very well, I am not too young, either. I am getting old, child…,”
Use of “child” is primarily done when it becomes a necessity for him to make me agree to his demands. 
“I am not going to fall for your tricks, Alastair. Oh no, I am not. I am thinking of expanding my bookshop, keeping new staff for that very purpose. How will I do that?”
 
So, it was quite clear that I am not going to get trapped in his words. What made me change my mind?
Here is the piece where the tables turned, literally!
“I knew you will not go for this demand of mine. To solve the problem, I have an offer to make,”
“I am all ears.”
“You get engaged to him. The interaction will really help in connecting with each other. Then, whenever you both are ready to take the next step, tell us and we will take care of things from there.”
“The engagement period,” I turned to him, “And why would I want to get engage with the person of your choice?”
He remained silent for some time. Then, before I could say anything, with a low thump, he sat on the couch there and said in a low baritone, “Green industries need this merger, Rose. Please, don’t do this.”
It was later, through all the investigation and the deep talking on the matter, when he came clear out with the entire conversation…
Green industries, if not merged with some other significant power, will soon lose its control over the industrial circle. The debts were too massive to be paid in the usual manner, and some third-party help was needed, badly.
*****
Coming back to the present, turning my face to the window side, I try to wipe the silent tears, which were flowing from the corner of my eyes from the past some minutes. I am not a crybaby, not really!
But the thing is…, getting me married to a person, who is blind just speaks volumes about what Alastair really thinks about me. I am ugly, it has had been his duty to keep on reminding me of that fact from my childhood, I am not surprised in that. But, just to think, that I am best suited to a person who cannot see, is the load of coal that has been shoved down my throat.
He will never be able to see me…even when…
Rrrriinngggg!
“Hello,”
“Ms Green?”
“Yes,”
“I am speaking from Mr James’s office. He wants to have a meet with you tomorrow, in his suite…,”
“Mr James? As in, Neville?”
Why does he want to have talked with me? Is it something...
“No mam, Mr Ethan James.”
***
Thankfully, today the meeting had been cancelled, right in the morning. The person who called me yesterday, did that, by calling me again. Whatever, I am just grateful for this intrusion.  I don’t want to do anything with Mr James, not now and, if possible, not ever.
“Hi,” enters Blaine, my best friend. He is cold, bright, smart and a homosexual. Calling him a gay just feels wrong for so many reasons.
“Hi. Ready for today’s match?”
“ Yes, and no,”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that I just hate hitting you in the boxing ring, then soothing you again in the medical room and carry you back in the flat of yours. Why do you do it?”
I zip my bag and halts in the progression, as I look at his sitting form.
“You know why…stop asking me that question so many times, Blaine.”
***
Taking my bike out of the garage, I drag it to the main road and set it on the stand.
“Alastair called,”
I look at Blaine, as I wear the helmet before riding the thing out on the road.
“What for?”
“I don’t know. He said something about meeting some Ethan…,”
***
“Hello,”
“Is this Ms Greene?”
I open my eyes and try to focus on the voice coming from the other end. I think I fell asleep.
“Yes.”
“Hello, Ms Greene. I am Ethan, Ethan James.”
I am totally awake now. I think I dozed off while my head was roaming in various thoughts!
“Hello, Mr James.”
“Are you grand-daughter of Mr Alastair Greene?”
I roll my eyes. “Yes, I am Rosemary, Mr James.”
There is a pause of two seconds before he resumes.
“I do not want to marry you, ma’am. I am sorry.”
“Well, I considered something like that coming from you but-um-wait-what?” I halt on my track before, what he has said entirely percolates inside my head.
“I think there is some signal problem…I said I do not want to marry you,”
A big goofy smile spread on my face, as I think about Alastair’s face as I imagine giving him the news.
“You. Do. Not. Want. To. Marry. Me.” I repeat.
“Yes, also. I am sorry for any hopes which you would have had harvested inside your head regarding the entire arrangement.”
“No, Mr James,” I say, “it is perfectly alright. Although I must say, you have lessened my worries. My feelings are mutual.”
There is a massive sigh from the other side.
“Well, in that case, it was a pleasure talking to you. Have a great night. Also, the debt of your company is not such a great deal. My brother and father will look into that matter…,”
“Mr James,” I say, “Might I ask something?”
“Please,”
“Are you, I mean, are-are you really blind?”
A slight pause again.
“Why do you want to know that?”
“No, I-I mean, if you do not want to..,”
“Yes, I am blind.”
“Oh,” a clearance of my throat, “I see. Sorry, if you felt awkward,”
“I am used to these sorts of questionings, Ms Greene. Good night.”
“Good night, Mr James.”
****
New dawn arrives, and with it comes the bubbling excitement in me about the previous night conversation I had with the blind billionaire.
Wow!
I mean, isn’t it awesome?
Running on the treadmill and sweating down to my toes, I am thinking about various ways through which I can pour the news in Alastair’s ear…
“Hi there, girly.”
Blaine has shifted to weights, after jogging for a while.
After leaving the luxurious but empty mansion of my granddad, during my college days, I have shifted with him to this poorly furnished, but having a specific warmth in itself living arrangement.
The low-cost gym next to the accommodation is an added arrangement. But because both of us are such health freaks, and the opposite gender even refuses to even glance at my direction also though the entire gym hour, I am blessed to have Blaine with me during the early gym hour of the morning.
In the very beginning, when things were so new, and both of us were starting with our college life, both Blaine and I had tried to be something else than friends before the reality crashed on him and he confessed.
“I am sorry, Rosy. I am Gay.”
We had tried making out, but, of course, the whole thing was a disaster. I end up crying and Blaine, plainly disgusted at his own daring. Even a little humiliated.
So, this is how it went. Since then, we are more like best buddies than a couple.
As said previously, we at least share the same passion, boxing!
“It is Friday night today,” he says.
“I know,” I halt the machine. Looking towards him, while gulping water, I say, “You are up for tonight?”
“I have not forgotten what happened last time.”
“It is ok, boy.”
“It is not. The last time, I nearly killed you.”
Getting back to our locker and packing our bags, we make it out of place to the parking lot.
“Blaine?”
“Yes?”
“What do you know about the James family?”
Adjusting his seat, while I do my own, Blaine has his brows in a frown as he thinks over the answer.
“Um…nothing. I mean, not much really.”
“Tell me whatever you know.”
*****
Sitting in my shop, with a copy of John Greene’s “Fault in our stars”, I am staring absently in one of its pages.
James family seems like quite an intriguing group of people...
Google them, comes the idea from nowhere.
Keeping the paperback on the side, switching on the laptop and connecting the device to wifi, I open the search engine. Somehow, after listening to the person yesternight, I am not able to think anything else but the conversation, which took place between both of us.
He does not want to marry me...
All the debts and money charges from Alastair’s heads have been taken off...
Typing the name in the search bar and hitting on to ‘Enter’, I am waiting for the results to pop out...
C’mon, C'mon.
“EUREKA!” words leave my mouth, but after going through so many links, all I get is a disappointment...
Apart from the images of the family, nothing much has been shown. Some little bit articles telling about the members of the family...
Interestingly, all of them just portrays Neville, or sometimes, the three triplet sisters of his, or his dad...no photo of Ethan James!!
This is quite weird!!
So, the family has Mr Nigel James, the head of the family. Must be a dad. Neville, the elder one and the principal head director of the family business...
Then there are three girls, Adrian, Belinda and Karen... and, no sign of someone named Ethan!
How come paparazzi have never spotted this guy?
Is it possible that, like me, he too, has been kept under some sort of secrecy? If that is the case, then I feel sorry for the guy. He sounded really kind on the phone...
“Poor Ethan!” I sigh and shutting down the device, I get up from my seat.
****
The bell was rung, and I hear the cacophonous sound of public applauding the fighter in the ring.
Boxing!
If there is something I love, after my love of good books, then it is this sport. Blaine is the one who introduced it to me and every Friday night, we indulge ourselves in this mind-cracking game, where I sometimes win, and other times, lose.
Dressing up in our gears, tightening and moving our shoulders back and forth for it to warm up, I hear Blaine and the manager talking in the back.
“Both of you fought pretty well, last time.  This time, though, I am raising the stakes and even the prize money, on both of your wins, too. You are, as usual, unbeatable Rose,”
“I know,” I turn and smile.
“Try to maintain your image and, if Blaine has been put in your ring, then mind it, B.”
“Do not try to save me and act some sort of hero...,” I start to say when there is another bolt of applause from the outer audience ring.
“Guess the fans are dying to see us,” Blaine says.
Making our way towards the side of the chart, where I opponents are named in front of ours, I look in front of mine.
****
After roaming for a long time in the space of mine, and waiting, finally, I hear my name being called.
“Ladies and gentlemen, now presenting before you. Angel girl!!”
The loud cheering and the banners of my name are in the air. The adrenaline flowing through my veins is kicking me like a concoction of some drugged drink. Blaine won his fight and currently, is resting in the back room.
“And this time, she will be faced with the very experienced, BLACK MASK!!”
The black mask turns out to be this very lean looking guy with a blindfold on his eyes!! I did not sign for this one; I think and turn to the organiser standing on the side of the ring.
“Hey, how can I fight with him? I am not going to wear a blindfold,”
“You do not need to. It is his style to fight every match in this way. Chill!”
 Turning around and facing him, out of nowhere, I feel the eerie silence falling around me. Raising his face to the ceiling, as if calling on his mighty powers, the Black mask gives his neck a twitch on both the sides of his neck.
“Shake hands,” referee says.
Going forward, no sooner I take his hand in mine, I see him stiffen. I know it then, the candles going out, which were there on the tables of the organiser. I feel his hands tightening around me as if trying to crack my finger bones.
“On the count of three...two...one,”
The whistle goes, and without giving him time, turning with a swing, I punch him in the guts.
Shocked by the action, I see him straightening. The fight has just begun, but somehow, I already feel like a winner.
****
A kind of argument I have never expected from someone blindfolded! The man indeed possesses some awesomeness. His moves and skills! I must say, I have never seen such tactics involved in the fight.
Evading his face punch narrowly, as I try to duck and change my stance, suddenly, I lose my footing on my right leg and end up falling on my ass!
In the process, I totally forget the opponent, which makes me fall affecting him in the way, that my foot collides with his thigh and he too, falls on top of me.
Feeling like out of breath, as I try to gather all my wits and stand, his weight on top is restricting from doing so. “You...are...choking...me,” I say.
Absently, though, my stare halts at his features and that partly open lips!
Holy God! Are those lips really blue?
I feel his cold hand on top of me as he tries to steady himself, but losing his balance on the sweat-soaked floor, he falls back next to my neck.
Everything changes. I feel his chest heaving loudly, as he inhales. I have vanished. It is there, somewhere, but I am unable to find it. It is like; I have grown attuned to his. He will be getting up at any moment, I think. But, shattering my thought process, I hear him, or maybe, I imagine too much, as he puts his mouth near my ear and says.
“You smell so good...almost...edible”
***
What happens next?
Everything is blurred; as I feel two pairs of hands taking him by arms and making him stand. The crowd has died the cheering long time back, but, as it turns out, I am still lying on that floor.
“Rose, get up...get up...are you ok? Are you ok?”
“Is she hurt!?”
“Can you hear me, Rose?”
People are trying to shake me, but, I am trapped, inside my own self. Something about that voice. Something...about...that...voice...I am not able to put my finger on it.
I am pulled by two pairs of hands, and someone is carrying me in his arms, but, I am still in clouds.
“Her head...blood is oozing out of it.”
“Make way. Please.”
Blaine’s harsh, masculine voice cut through my haze and I finally register the movements around me. Before the darkness makes me a part of it, I remember telling Blaine, “He is growing weak. Save him.”
 ****
One week later...
I am sitting in bed, with my laptop on my lap and the calm wind ruffling my hair. Laptop’s screen has gone all black, but, I am still staring at it. Watching my face in it and thinking over the statement of the guy-with-the-blue-lips.
“...smell good...edible.”
A chill runs over my arm, settling in my core and I shake the creepiness off. When has any guy ever complimented me, apart from Blaine? When was the last time anyone ever made me feel like a woman? From my childhood to now, all people have told me how black and ugly I am. How would no one in his right mind like to make me his girlfriend because of my physical deformity? Even my grandad approached a blind man as my groom...
“You are awake.” Blaine enters, with a tray of eating stuff in his hand. After the fight, when I was given the required medication behind my head, presumably I had cracked my head when I fell on that hard floor; Blaine had made me rest for one entire week.
“No work and no unnecessary taking stress, feel me?”
Like an obedient puppy, I have nodded and then smiled. Today, after one week’s bed rest, I am feeling much relaxed. Thank you very much, Mr Bossy!
“Why are you doing so much? It is ok, B. I just got hit in the head, not going into labour or something.”
Keeping the tray on the bedside and taking a seat next to mine, Blaine stares in my eyes.
“Look, Rose, you are one and only person, who is important to me, true? We have always been there for each other, true? Then, when I want to take care of my little Wolverine here,” he ruffles my hair, “Then I do not require any sort of permission from you or anyone, we clear on that?”
“You are one dominating bastard. You know that, right?” I say as he proceeds to open the door. Stilling there, with his hand on the knob, he turns with that self-righteous, motherfucking grin.
“You know me better.”
Blaine’s mother-hen behaviour, at times, get’s on my nerves but I know, he has his heart in the right place.
Going back to my laptop, I am surfing through various sites of technology, fashion, education and the upcoming books!!
Basically, even on the net, I like playing video games a lot. Races, battle-ground and other adventurous ones... Going through their various lists and categories, jumping from one to another...
There is nothing special. Nothing to catch hold of one’s eye, or interest...until I see a strange heading on the top of one pop-up.
“Shivering Twilight...it is the place you are searching for...”
Shivering Twilight?
Hmm, an unusual name for a game.
I want to close the pop-up, but, weirdly, my hands are hovering over the heading of the pop-up. Should I check? What is the harm?
And so, I enter.
“Please register for the site, or, continue as a guest. Read the regulations and rules...,”
Skipping that part, I try to decipher the game, but then, thinking better of it, I open the section of rules.
RULES OF PLAYING GAME
1. Please be clear in specifying your status as a Submissive/Dominant.
2. Being a Bondage, Dominant, Sadism and Masochism (BDSM) game, different defined rules for Submissive and Dominants should be followed. Do read them before proceeding further.
RULES FOR SUBMISSIVES
1. Submissives safe word is “Red”. It will be given in the right-hand corner of the screen. It should be clicked, when you think the avatar/character specified is in danger, or, you think, is exhausted from too much of your master’s command.
2. Master’s management should be followed. It is your duty.
3. The game is not for 18 below and children. 
4. Choose from the varieties of avatar’s and costumes, in which you want to do the scene.
5. A facility of giving your original voice, through the use of headphones, is also provided, should you wish to escape the used words and want to add some new ones.
RULES FOR DOMINANT
1. Dom’s/Domme’s, this is the place where you can exert power and your command on your sub’s. You are taking over their choices, but it is your responsibility to maintain their health through aftercare.
2. Try to read body language.
3 A separate chat room is provided for both Sub and Dom, should they want to talk and share some information, before indulging in the game.

IMPORTANT RULES
1. You will be assigned a partner from the members who are online. The game cannot be played offline.
2. Before closing your account, have the courtesy to tell your partner that you are leaving the game.
3. In a report for inactiveness of the members, the story will be closed automatically.
4. Choose from a variety of rooms provided for playing/doing a scene. A separate form is submitted if you have specific preferences for someone you know online.
5. Maintain the discipline.
In the end, just a few words, go and enjoy! 
I halt there and try to summarize everything I have read.
BDSM!
The ring of my phone halts my action. Keeping the laptop on the side, and getting out of my bed, I walk up to the study table to grab it.
“Hello?”
“Hey Rose, how are you feeling today? Are you going to come to the bookshop?”
Book-shop! Busted! I totally forgot about it.
“Yeah. I will be there in no time. Thanks for reminding.”
“Are you ok? You sound...shocked?”
“No. I was just having a nap when you called, Sandy. I am coming. Just wait.”
“If you are not feeling well, then, let me not force you.”
“Nothing like that.” I shake my head, “I just forgot...I am sorry.”
“Don’t be,” she says. I hear some shuffling behind her. 
“Has the new stock arrived?” I ask, as my eyes go to the calendar side. It is the starting of the month, after all. Admittedly, it must have come.
“Uh, yeah. It has.” She smiles, “You will be delighted to see new paperbacks. I know you find their smell really good.”
“I am coming in a minute.” Keeping the receiver down and looking at my laptop, I sigh out loud and make it to the bathroom.
*****
Going to my place of work, as I help everyone with unloading the books and keeping them on shelves, my mind still is back with the game I was about to enter.
Kinky sex! BDSM! The fantasy stuff, in which people indulge to add some spice to their boring sexual life!
Leaving the kink thing behind, I am still virgin which speaks a lot about my sexuality. What should I do? Should I join the ride and see where it will take me? What do I have to lose? Moreover, it is not like I am cheating on some boyfriend or lover. I never had one and have no hope to get one in the coming future. Maybe, this thing will help me know what all the fuss is about.
It is not, as if, I am going to be physically present there. I will have an avatar, a mask for my real personality. Also, if to take the thing in real life, no one will take me as his or her submissive...
Hold on! Did I think submissive?
Do I want to be a submissive? Surrender to someone’s control while he handles me the way he wants to? While they spank, flog or cane me? A shiver of some unknown emotion races across my spine. If this is the way I am reacting to the mere thought of that thing taking place, then think, what will happen, if, in reality, I have to surrender in bed?!
I will not see the person also. An anonymous person, who will be online at that time, will take me as a submissive. Until I am not entering the den, how will know the real appearance of the lion?
Guess what, I think I will give it a try...
“Give what...a try?” 
Sandy’s voice shakes me out of my daydream, and I turn to her.
“What?!”
“You said you are going to give something a try,”
“Just talk to my own self,” I smile.
“Hey, want to grab some lunch. My stomach is rumbling.”
“Yeah, sure,” I say, and off both of us leaves for the nearest Chinese place, I have spotted earlier.
****
“Heard your gran was getting you married?” Sandy asks as we make ourselves comfortable. Looking at her face, with those lines crinkling in the corner of that bony face, I smile.
“He wanted to. But, the groom is not interested, so...,”
“Who was it, exactly?”
“Ethan James. Heard about him?”
She stalls before she answers, but, I can see the amazement clearly in that gaze, as she gives me that tremendous, unbelievable look of hers.
“Ethan. James. You mean the famous painter, Ethan James. The one who paints, even though he is blind. That one?”
 He paints! Is he a painter? Ok. This is something new I have come to know about him.
‘”I do not know that, but yes... I think so...,”
 I am feeling like an idiot. Even my helper knows about this man. Does everyone knows about him and only I am ignorant? But, even Blaine was not aware of him...
“How do you know that?” I ask her, to get something straight in my mind.
“Oh! The artworld is full of his praises. He is one amazing person, though no one has ever seen him. It is rumoured, he does not go out much to the outer world but likes to stay inside his own mansion.”
“So, you must know about his family, too?”
“True. He has a brother Neville, three sisters and a dad. James family is quite a silence business.  They are not that much in the limelight and, I do not think, they like to be the centre of the conversation. But because Neville is the representative of the industries, he is seen in business parties often. Oh! Save me, Jesus. But that Neville guy is hot!” she ends and fans herself with the back of her hand.
****
As night falls and I finish my dinner, Blaine says, “You want to go for some drink?”
“Drink?!” I stop, “Why sudden drink?”
“Just feel like,”
“Uhh, I am tired, sweetie. You want to go some other day?”
“No problem,” he shrugs, but suddenly, his phone ring saves me, and I turn to my room.
Frankly speaking, I am excited to just sit on my blanket again and enter the unknowing world of Shivering Twilight!
What a mysterious and beautiful name for a game!
Closing the door firmly and making inside my warm and snuggly blanket, I switch on the laptop again. Opening the browser and doing it to the site, I see the REGISTER button. Closing my eyes and inhaling a significant amount of air in my lungs, I open my eyes.
I click the button, and with a WELCOME flashing on the screen, a form is there.
NAME: Angel
AGE: 21
GENDER: Female
SUBMISSIVE/ DOMINANT: Submissive
STRAIGHT, BI-SEXUAL, HOMOSEXUAL: Straight
DO YOU WANT AN AVATAR? Yes
Below, there are many categories.
1. FIESTY KAY
2. SOMBRE LILY
3. BLUE ANGEL
Out of so many and leaving the option of creating an avatar for me personally, I choose BLUE ANGEL. She has blue eyes like me, but, apart from that, she is the most beautiful avatar of the site. What an irony! The ugly duckling wants to be one beautiful mermaid! Even if I am getting the chance to be like that online, then, might as well take it.
I tick the box marked for accepting the rules and regulations.
“Hello Angel,” it says, “Please confirm your registration by going to the e-mail id and accepting the rules and regulations.”
Opening a tab adjacent to this one, I open my e-mail inbox and click on the link which they have sent me.
Done with the formalities, I return back to the site, where they are sending me the image of thumbs-up, signifying that my registration is successful.
I am a member of this one weird but fascinating game.
DO YOU WANT TO CHAT WITH MEMBERS OR FIND A DOM?
I click on find a Dom.
The list of great Dom’s on the site is revealed before me and, I feel nervousness gathering in my guts. Feels, as if, I am on the place for real.
Some have Avatars, and some have put up their real pictures. The one with the actual images are all good looking, hot and some are down to the core scary, but none is there to actually top up my requirements. The majority of them are off-line, but slowly, I can see people coming online to fulfil their kinky sex side.
They have specified their requirements, too, which is good. As I am going through their profile, some make me laugh; some make me want to hide from myself and leave the site. Some are plain gross, some are sadist and others are, like me, pretty new to the entire field of BDSM.
I find no one, as it seems. People have picked up their partners, and some are on the verge of picking up, 
Pouting, I am on the edge of logging out, when, I see another person coming online. Interestingly, his name is Devil! Smiling to myself, I click on his profile, but, to my surprise, warning flashes on the screen.
THIS IS THE PROFILE OF MASTER D, THE OWNER AND CREATOR OF SHIVERING TWILIGHT. MASTER D’S PROFILE CAN BE SEEN ONLY BY HIS SUBMISSIVE, WHO HE CHOOSES EVERY MONTH ACCORDING TO HIS OWN REQUIREMENTS.
Interesting! My brain ponders over this person and the very amusing warning I received.
Shaking my head, I again move the cursor to close the game, when on the right-hand side of the screen, down below, a message pops up.
“Hi, Angel. This is master D. I had a feeling that you wanted to check me out?!”
****
Whoa! I sit upright as I read the message. What? Is the person some sort of mind reader? Maybe he is psychic!
“Hello, Angel. Are you there?”
“Yes,” I say.
“Why were you checking my profile? Are you in search of a Dom? Are you new?”
“Yes. I am.”
“Welcome to Shivering Twilight. I am master d, its administrator.”
“Hello, Master D.”
“No, girl. I am just Sir to you. Only my submissive has the right to call me ‘master’”
I feel my palms go clammy with sweat and sure nervousness rolls in my gut. Why do I think, as if, the guy is sitting right in front of me?
“I am sorry.”
“It is ok. Have you found what you were searching for?”
“Not yet.”
“Just wait for a second,” saying that, there comes a yellow sign next to his name, signifying ‘he is busy’. Till then, I make use of the silence and search around the site. There are a community and a forum for all the members to share their views regarding the website. As I enter it, not much has been written in that area. Perhaps, not many people are aware of this site, which makes me wonder again at my choice of the game. Have I done the right thing? Moreover, how many other, so-called ‘normal’ people want to enter this field. They are happy in their vanilla world...
“Come to the green room. I will have a chat with you there,” says D.
“Yes, sir.”
***
“So, first and foremost, how did you come to this site?”
“I was browsing through the games site, when, the pop-up informed me of this one.”
“You mean you are just curious. Do you, in all the sincerity, want to be the part of this game?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Why do you want to be part of this game? I mean, as an administrator, it is important for me to know the mind of my members. Though everything is through the internet, yet, there may come a time, when, based on your performance and participation, I may want to meet you, personally. You see, I have, in reality, adopted this lifestyle. I play, in real. Have you read the rules and regulations of this game?”
“Yes, sir. I have. I want to be part of this game because, as you said, I am curious. I want to know more about this lifestyle.”
Sweat is rolling down my hairline and, I wonder, why I am reacting like this to a little online conversation. I feel, as if, the person is silently watching through some mysterious means. Is my webcam on? I check it. Nothing there. The switch is off.
I know I am not honest with him, but, what the hell! There was nothing mentioned about honesty...
“I command truth and honesty from my subs, Angel. If you cannot give me that, then, I am afraid, I will have to close your account.”
What? No.
“I am sorry, sir. I do not know the real answer to this one.”
“Then, I hope, you may find it soon. On the other hand, have you talked to other members? Tried to make any conversation with them?”
“No, sir. I have recently joined, so I did not get the time to do that. However, I will do the necessary, as soon as the moment arrives.”
“Good. I appreciate that. Well then, everything is right. Go to the site and search through the available and offline members. You can send an e-mail to the offline members, so that they may talk to you when they arrive next time. Also, be careful while picking up your dom. Though I am the administrator, I cannot guarantee that everyone here has the same needs and desires. All the best.”
“Master D, may I ask something?”
“Go ahead, little one.”
“What are your requirements? I mean, I am not allowed to enter your profile, so, I do not know...,”
“You do not need to.” He says, “If and when, I ever took you under my mastery, I will tell them to you. But, do not take tension; no one has ever met my requirements, not fully. By the way, your avatar is quite cute and charming. Girls and ladies do not take Blue Angel much. According to them, it is too girly, and just too, un-naturally, beautiful. Hope you enjoy your time and experience here. All the best.”
Before I can ask anything, he goes off-line, and I feel the temperature of the room, going to normality. This is scary. But, honest to goodness, I am being pulled into this world of sin.
***
I am in a kind of nervousness, for a couple of days, as all day long I am just thinking over this latest indulgence of mine. How do I realise that my mind is not in my business? Simple.
A customer asks me the cost of “Shiver” by Stiefvater, and I end up saying something stupid. My staff is laughing at me, and the face of my customer has also turned red, as she tries to suppress her giggle. So, this is how my mind is going to trash.
The only stable and sanity-filled thing in my current monotonous life is the game, which has somehow transformed into one of my habits.
*****
Week 2
“Are you alright?”  Blaine asks while both of us begin with our dinner.
“Yes, why!”
“Because you are tearing bread in pieces from a long time, but, have not taken even a single bite,”
“What!” Confused, I look down and find that I have been doing that for a long time.
I am not able to find any Dom. Though I had a chat with so many members with the hope of finding one, maybe, my luck sucks here, too. Let me wait for some more time. Moreover, I have only three years remaining with me, to live. Might as well go ahead and live the life, I want to.
****
After having three pitchers of margarita, and one clear shot of vodka, I know, I am done for the night. What is it about the alcohol which makes you so fuzzy and muddles in your head. Another Friday night has passed, and this time, I am celebrating my grand win over the most stubborn fighter in the entire ring, Blaine himself!
Next to me, with a motherfucking grin on his face, and passing a slurred drunken look at my side, he says, “This one for my girl, here.” Clinking our glasses once again, both of us do the bottoms up.
“I love you, Blaine.”
“I love you, too, baby.”
Ruffling my hair once again, he smiles.
“Do you want to race?” I shout aloud, to be heard above the thumping noise of the music played in the club.
“What!”
“I said...do you want to race? On a bike?”
“Find me a cute guy to fuck, and maybe, I may make up my mind.”
“You asshole!” I shout and punch him lightly on the shoulder. “C’mon now, don’t be a pussy. Drag your ass outside.” Saying that I try to stand still. Fae’s blood one advantage is, Alcohol does not affect me much. Yes, I am a little bit muddled, but that does not mean that I cannot control my body.
Shouting like the wild hooligans we are, Blaine sits in his jeep, and I straighten my second hand, old and withered, Rolls Royce. Wearing the biker jacket tucked under my arms and forgetting the helmet in the wake of my half-drunk and half-awake state, I climb my black beast.
“On the count of three,” he says.
“Destination, all the way to home,” I say and gear up the bike.
“One...two...,” with a grunt, I already dash forward and smile, when I hear him, “Cheater! I did not even say three.”
The cold, freezing air, passing through my short hair and touching the corner of eyes, can make one’s eyes water, but, I am unaffected by all of that. I hear Blaine’s jeep behind, but, I just shake my head to remove the effects of liquor, which I know, will take some time to wear off. I want to close my eyes and savour this feeling of liberty, which feels like bliss to me.
“...smell good...almost edible...”
I wish I could have asked the guy what he exactly means by that. I am complimented so less, that even the titbits thrown at me feel like a big deal. The silent forest around me feels like some cover of protection over me. I like this road.
“When I will take you under my mastery, I will tell you...,”
Master D!
Suddenly, the bright lights of the truck coming from the front make my balance all unsteady. I clutch my brakes, trying the stop the bike. My mind is clearing out a bit. My gut is shrieking at me.
“Rose...breaks! hit the breaks!” my mind says.
I want to...but, how?
Darn it! I try to clutch the thing tightly.
“Rose!” a silent whisper enters my mind. Startled and shocked at the small voice, I freeze and feel someone taking my hand, turning the massive monster towards the other side. In a dreamy state, I see the truck going to some distance and then halting, as if, the driver too realises the accident which could have taken place.
I see both Blaine and the driver, rushing to my side, with horror etched on their face.
“Rosy! Rosy! Are you ok? Are you alright?”
“Are you insane, girl? Blind or what?” says the driver and then, as if sniffing the air, looks at Blaine. “Your breath reeks of booze. Are you both drunk?”
“No,” I say. “We are fine. I-I am sorry. I was not watching clearly...”
“Where is the guy who was sitting on your back?” asks the driver.
“Guy?” Blaine and I speak together.
“Yes, the one who guided her balance? She froze on the road. I thought I am going to kill this one today...,”
Guy? But, there is no one in the back...
The voice I heard in my ear, just before I felt the hand around mine... Crept out of my breath and scared, I look around and see both of them doing the same thing. Are there ghosts here? Some spirit, holding and protecting me?
“Are you alright?” Blaine bends and straightens me, “Can you still drive? Stand up...,”
“Take me home,” I say, “Take me home, Blaine.” I feel shaken. As much as I want to, I am not feeling so sure of the things around me.
*****
Three days, after the haunting night has passed, I am still trying to come to terms with what really took place back on the road. The hand, which helped to avoid a nasty accident...the voice, which diverted my attention and brought me out of the frozen state, I have gone into. Who was the person? Or maybe, that driver imagined things...
Whatever the person just scared me sick. I had no one on my back. Maybe, he too was drunk...
“Hello,” comes a lovely voice. Removing my stare from the checking list, I look up and... my face stretches into the goofy smile. A little girl, with a pink dress and a blue balloon, is staring at me, with something in her hand.
“Hi, sweetheart. How may I help you?”
“I am looking for ‘Parry Hotter’,”
Resisting smiling at the wrong pronunciation of the little one, I shake my head and say, “You mean, Harry Potter?”
“Um, yes.”
“Which one?”
“First one.”
Still smiling, picking the one from the children section and seeing Sandy helping with some other customer, I feel contentment seeping into me. This is the life I have always dreamt of. Someday, who knows, I may start writing to considering the option is really appealing.
Taking the money from her outstretched hand and watching her mother smiling down at me and then at her, as she makes her little finger and walks to the other side, I feel envy of that kid.
Parent’s love is one thing which, unfortunately, I have never received, and the only living relative of mine is hardly bothered about my welfare. For him, I am just a burden, an obligation, which has been forced on him. Sighing, I turn to other side and try to look back into the accounts of the shop, when, my phone beeps.
“Master D has sent you a message on Shivering Twilight.”
“Sandy,” I call out, “Will you please take care of the counter. I am coming in a minute.” That said, taking my laptop, with hurried steps, I make it to the back of the store, where specific tables and lounge have covered the area and are used by my staff and me for relaxing and eating lunch.
Switching the machine on, entering the site and making myself online, I check up my message box. There is one of Master D...
“Dear Angel, 
Come to chat room named seared, tonight. I need to have some conversation with you.
Master D.”
P.s: answer in yes or no, only, with the title, of course.
“Yes, sir.”
 I write and hit send.
 I am waiting for the night to arrive.
*****
At night, after dinner, in the safety of my room, as I enter the site, I am quite surprised to see that Master D is already there in his specified chat room. What does he want to talk about?
“Good evening, sir.”
“Good evening, Angel. Did you receive my message?”
“Yes, sir. What did you want to talk to me about?”
“Have you found a suitable Dom?”
“No, sir. Though I have gone through so many profiles and have conversed with many, there is not a single person who has intrigued me. Maybe, I am the wrong person to enter this site. I will delete my profile, as soon as possible.”
“I thought something like that would have had happened to you. I would like to make an offer. I will take you under my mastery.”
No request, no asking for other’s permission, just a plain command. Such a Dom he is...
“Angel, do you accept my offer?”
“Can I take a day or two to think about it?”
“I am not asking you to actually come in front and strip, girl. You just have to say yes or no!”
Easy for him to say, but, how to tell him the weirdness I feel, every time he talks? It is, as if, he is actually there...this faceless and nameless stranger...
“Yes, sir. I accept your mastery.”
With that, I feel myself kneeling in front of this unknown master.
“How do you greet me?”
With that, that chat room comes to life, and my avatar comes inside the room, this time live.
“Yes, sir.”
A figure is present there in front of me. Presumably, he is Master D! He is wearing a black cloak.  As I move forward, I see his back to me.
“Kneel,” comes the command.
I do exactly like that, and keep my eyes down. My avatar is real, without a doubt, charming and beautiful.
The figure turns, and the person lets go of the cloak. My eyes are on the verge of falling out. The avatar is that of a warrior, but something about his eyes speaks volumes of power he holds in his hand, as he stares at my bent form. He walks towards me and coming closer, does nothing but looks at my head.
“Stand, Angel. Look at me now.”
Doing exactly that, I look at him. Something about the entire arrangement is making my palm again sweaty. As I stare into his eyes, I see the uniqueness of his eyes. Though computer-generated, his yellow-bluish eyes and blue lips are quite an eye-catcher.
“As you are quite new in the field, let me start, by introducing you to the lifestyle with it’s very basic.”
“As you say, sir.”
A quirk of his tilted lips, as he leads me from that room to the other.
“Mind you, the room in which we were talking is my private room. No one enters it, but me and my sub’s, which means, you can enter it, too. Now, you can check my profile.” I can hear the silent smile the person is hiding behind the sentence.
“Thank you, sir.”
We enter this other room, where I see an assortment of some things on the top of the bed. But, the good news is no belts, canes or even floggers are insight. So maybe, those are for some other times. Then again, perhaps they are there, but I am unable to see them.
Going forward, he sits on the bed, and I remain standing.
“Come, and sit next to me.”
I do that, and he takes my hand in his.
“Look at me.”
I straighten up.
“’What is your safe word?”
“Red.”
“Good girl.” That said, he cups my face in his palm and slowly, bringing it closer to his face, tilting my hand, he brings his lips closer to mine, but, amazingly, never take it forward.
“Are you sure, you want to do this?”
“Yes, sir.”
Without giving me the time, he presses his lips against mine.
It is not, as if, I have seen any porn or other hot videos. I am full of them. But, as the two people on screen are locked in this intimate lock, my mouth goes dry. My heart in ribs is beating its silent tattoo, and I want to look somewhere else. But of course, I do not.
“Now,” he says, “Before we proceed further, know this. Being your Dom, I am going to push your limits. I may listen to you, or sometimes, just plain ignore you. Feel me?”
I am rendered speechless. Somehow, I am not able to respond.
“Angel?”
“Can I be honest with you, sir?”
“Yes?”
“Though we are sharing this online, I feel, as if, you are watching me...as if, I do not know how should I tell you this...,”
Oh damn! I close my eyes and tilt my head towards the ceiling. Why did I do that? There was no need to tell him...to open yourself in that way...
“Do you...mean it?”
“Yes.”
“As in, whatever... I am doing to you, you...feel...as if...I am actually there...?”
“Yes, sir.”
Another silence...and a minute later... Master D goes offline.
***
One entire week has passed, but, there is no sign of Master D, anywhere. Did I do something wrong?  Was I not supposed to tell him about my feelings? But he had demanded me to be open and honest with him, had he not? What happened?
Running on my treadmill, as my mind wanders in and out of the entire scenario, I feel so empty for some weird reasons. Damn it, I resist hitting some hard surface. I should never have entered the game. Perhaps, then I would have been feeling good.
Let’s face the truth, my mind says, you are plain disgusted and are lonely in your life. There was only one hope when you thought that you may be converted and taken by your mother’s Fae clan but, even that dream was crushed into dust.
I am just pondering over the problem, when, suddenly, my phone rings again.
“Master D sent you a message.”
***
“How is your business going?” Alastair’s upraised brows are hard to ignore, as I try to eat something. But all the good that food is doing to me, I feel like having some sort of sawdust in his presence.
Second Sunday’s of the month are the worst, especially their breakfast. Alastair, along with his wealthy and co-business partner, pretending to take care of me in their presence, has his breakfast with me. At the very beginning, when I had shifted with Blaine, I had denied the offer but had to drag my ass to his mansion, when he had sent the chauffeur along with the car, for my pick-up purpose.
I do not get the idea behind this entire fiasco of his pretentiousness. After having a conversation with Ethan James, and my informing him about the person’s decision of rejecting marriage proposal but helping gran in the business, Alastair has sobered up a bit but not all happy with the young painter’s choice.
Which reminds me, last night, I had gone through some of his masterpieces. Let me be honest, he indeed is some talented lad out in the art world. His paintings, though one of its kind, is based on different forms of eroticism.  It is quite surprising to see, as Sandy had mentioned previously, how a blind person can paint something so beautiful and...Hot, at the same time!
“Rose?”
“Yes?”
“I asked a question.”
“Sorry. I was not quite paying attention to it.”
“How is your business going? Bookshop?”
“Um, it's fine. Doing great.” I take a mouthful of green salad and, doing bottoms up of the orange juice, as I wipe the corner of my mouth with a tissue, I feel the eyes of all the oldies going to me, with their eyes wide. Some are amused, some trying to look elsewhere and some, like Alastair, is plain disgusted.
“Excuse me!” Alastair says and then signals me to follow him, turning his head sideways.
Time for the weekly dose of sarcasm and his disappointment in me!
Smiling at everyone, I push my chair backwards and follow the old man out of every hearing range.
“What is wrong with you?”
“What!”
“Is this the way you eat before others? Like some wild starved person, with no table manners?”
“I just finished my breakfast, Alastair.”
“Call me Gran-“
“The thing is,” I cut him, “I never have, and you know, will never, call you gran. So do not even expect me to. On the other hand, when it comes to table manners, just because I ate my fill and not thrown any tantrums like those plastic dolls girls, who are too worried about their figure, you think I am wild?”
“If you cannot be beautiful and charming physically, you can at least be courteous and respectful in your eating habits.”
“Guess what, if you want all those things in a granddaughter, then I will suggest you adopt someone else, because, as you have already stated, I am a wild person.”
“Look at your clothes,” he ignores me, as usual. “You dress like a boy. You never put any makeup. Do not try to be something which you can never be.”
“Fuck you!” I say, “You do not know the first thing about me. If you would have, then...” I sigh, and then, I do the ultimate. “It was a pleasure dining with you, Alastair. But, I am done now.” Raising my hand in surrender, I turn, and without turning back, I make it out of to the parking lot. Then, to add to everyone’s surprise, I turn and climbing my loved beast, putting some frowns and surprise on my audience, I turn and drive away.
****
“Good evening, Angel.”
“Good evening, sir.”
I feel little nervous butterflies in the pit of my stomach, as I start typing on my keyboard again. I wanted to check the games message board for a long time, but, because work was taking too much of me, I just could not find any space. But, just thinking about the possibility of meeting him online put my mind in a sort of fuzz.
“Did you have a nice weekend?”
“Yes, sir. I did.”
“Good.”
Silence for a while, but then again, I write the much-awaited question for which I wanted the solid answer, too.
“You were gone for a while! I kept on waiting for you, but you were...”
“Angry, are you, little one?”
The room comes to light again, and I am back with him in the same big bed one, where he had kissed me for the first time. I go forward and sit on the couch.
“No,” comes the voice, “Kneel.”
“Not until you tell me the reason for your staying away?” am I too straightforward? Maybe, I am, but, if the relationship demands me to honest, then, I require the same from him.
“Did you ask for my permission to question me?”
Oops!  “Did I have to? Sorry, I am new to this thing...,”
“Do you not know about the rules and regulations? Did you not read the extra ones giving the form?
“I did...,” but yes, I remember, I forgot to read those. My head bows and I see D coming towards me. Taking me by the chin, he raises my face to his.
“I am sorry, pet, but you will have to learn the lesson.” Saying that I see his hands going to the back of my avatar’s lacy top, stripping the top down to my breasts!
“No,” I try to retreat, but his hand's grip mine. “No pet. No going anywhere. You know you deserve this, don’t you?”
“I am sorry, master. Please, forgive me.”
“Me too,” saying that, giving me a careful look, unhooking my bra and keeping it on the side, taking my breast in his hand, he fondles it. I try to suck breath in a while sitting on this side and feeling my wetness appearing in reality. What the hell is happening? How can I contact his hands actually on my breasts?
Just to make sure, I glance down on the front of my shirt. Apart from sweat beads rolling from the side of my neck, nothing is there.
After playing with them for a long time, he says. “Strip down to your panties, please and then, bend.”
My breasts are swelling, and throb is there. Should I go offline and take a shower? Should I click on STOP, RED or MENU? Why the hell game is affecting me so much?
“You want to safe word?”
“No,” I am not a coward.
“Bend. Now.”
Sighing, I command Blue Angel. Wide-eyed, she just does that.
I am not able to see his face, but only his fullback with the muscles rippling beneath that hard granite skin.
SWAT.
His hand against my bare butt, makes me flinch. God, this looks painful.
SWAT. SWAT “Are you sorry for your disobedience?”
Wide-eyed, this time, I feel the soreness against my own butt. What the hell is this game?
“Count till three,”
“Sir, I...,”
SWAT.
“What do you say to me?”
“Yes, Sir.”
With every count, as his hand hit my butt and I see my avatar girl flinching slightly, at the last one, I feel wetness on my cheek.
Tears!
I am crying!
“Say ‘thank you, sir, for teaching me the lesson’”
“Thank you, sir, for teaching me the lesson.”
Spooked! Crept! Almost out of my mind and senses, I feel electricity zinging out in all my parts, especially, my butt! Nothing is making sense to me. 
Although a game, it is just too, freaking, real!
Sitting down on the bed, he pulls me into his lap and forces me to keep my head on his shoulder. Outside the screen, I am wiping my tears. God, my butt is on fire.
“I am sorry, sir,” I say and snuggle close to him.
Caressing the top of my head, he kisses me and then looks straight at the screen, “I know, and you are forgiven. Angel.”
Without even bearing to hide my pain, this time, I go off-line.
******
Sitting in the bathtub and thinking about all I have surpassed through, the mere thought of D touching my breasts and then hitting me like the punishment, makes my chest hurt. I feel the burning sensation still lingering on my butt.
My breasts are swelling, certain funny sensations are running through my entire system. What did just happen? How come I felt every emotion and every swat of that merciless hand?
*****
“Good morning,”
“Good morning Sandy,”
It is a bright morning. Though chilly as always, Shimla’s climate is just too much to bear sometimes.
“Your regular coffee,” she gives the brewing cup in my hand.
“You are quite in a bright spirit!” I ask.
“I am. It is Mark’s birthday.” Mark is her son. Recently joined the Indian Military Academy, situated in Dehradun, Mark is one bright kid she has. After Alfred, her husband’s death, before shifting to Shimla, Sandy has decided a long time back that she will send her son to the army.
“Greet him from my side,” I say.
“Will do.” She pauses, and then as if, reminded of something, she turns. “Hey, do you want to come today with me? A painting exhibition is taking place. Who knows, Mr James may have a masterpiece there.”
The mere mention of the name shakes something inside me. Seems like, Mr James has taken some fascination to me. Shaking my head, I say. “Sure. I will.”
****
Evening falls and with it, dressing in the only feminine dress I have, which, is a blue one-piece with the thick neck in the back, I make it to my flat’s gate, where Sandy is waiting for me.
“Ready?”
“Yes,” with a low grunt, the car shot forwards and in a minute, I am engulfed in the warmth of the big moving vehicle. In a moment, we are outside the big city gallery, where usually the art exhibition of the various artists takes place.
Giving our key to the door receptionist, taking the pamphlet in our hands, where the noticeable art of Ethan James is mentioned, we go inside. So many paintings. And every one of them portraying one sensual pose or another!
He really is some daring artist, I acknowledge. There is one, where a girl had hidden her breasts with her arms crossed, and her thighs folded on top of each other. Then, there is the painting with a guy glaring in a girl’s eyes.
“Is he here, too?”  I ask.
 “Who? Ethan James?” Sandy turns to me, with her questioning look.
“Yes.”
“Maybe. I am not sure. Many times, apart from the agency and his personal agent, he remains absent from these gatherings. As I said previously, he is not much of a people person.”
Nodding and looking at the other pieces, I am impressed by this beautiful art of his. Wow, now this guy seems to have something in him.
“Hi, Rose.”
Still smiling at something said by Sandy, I turn and face Daphne, Jeremy’s fiancé and, my once-upon-a-time best friend. Oh. God!
Holy. Fucking. Shit!
“Hi, Daphne,”
“Do you like paintings? Found something precious or great?”
“Umm, every one of them is so beautiful. I realise Mr James has lots of hidden talent. Surprise he can draw so beautifully, even though he is a handicapped person.”
“Yeah, well, guess what, Jeremy and Ethan are cousins.”
“Hi. Rose.” Says Jeremy, from Daphne’s side. Suppressing my inner desire to bite off both their necks, I smile in the most polite way I can remember at the moment.
“Hi, Jeremy. You are looking quite well...,”
Is it because you are fucking this bitch every day? This girl, who had once promised me the world, but then, betrayed me, no sooner she spotted you? And you, like the swine you are, followed her like a puppy dog, just because she is prettier than me? What the fuck is wrong with you men? Why can’t you see the person in all her depths and only rate her on her physical appearance? Is it because you want a good body, blue eyes and a mindless body in your bed every day? Are you so shallow and stupid?
“Yeah, well, Daphne is taking quite a good care of me. What about you?”
“I am planning to expand my shop.”
“I am glad to hear that,” he says, though, I am sure, he is not!
“Have you found someone?” Daphne asks.
Why don’t you go and fuck yourself? Or your partner? Why are you so interested in my life, bitch?
“No. I do not have time for a man.” I reply.
Be very careful, pet...
Just like that, before my actions are registered, with a jerk, I turn. Did I only hear Master D’s voice in my head? God, am I going insane?
“Anything wrong?” asks Daphne.
“No.” I turn back and passing a smile to them both, excuse myself.
Jesus, get a grip, Rose! You are nothing to this man. Even though his mere sight ignites a dormant fire of likeness...
And what is it with Master D’s voice in my head?
Hell, he is not my real-time dominant?
Except for the game.
Why the hell do I hear his voice?
Lost in my thoughts, without paying attention, I turn and collide with someone!
“Easy there, sugar.”
“I am sorry.”
Both of us speak at the same time.
****
Angels, for sure, have vanished from the face of the earth, but, at the moment, when I see the front of the person, it is like, I am sighting the vanished creatures again.
Dressed in a white entrepreneur suit, with his head slightly tilted, as if, trying to listen to something, with dark glasses adorning his eyes, Ethan James is the sight to behold!
With his arms around me, trying to balance both of us and his other against the wall, to make his back take the jolt of the wall, I feel like a trapped mouse. His glasses, without a doubt, are there to hide the weakness of his blindness. They gave me a clue to his identity. Ordinary people do not wear shades at night parties.
The aura of power radiated from his very nearness to me and the sheerness of the moment takes my breath away.  My mouth has gone dry, or, was it always dry and I have just noticed?
What is it with the man?
“Are you ok, miss?” he says. A frowning line near his brow gives the itch in my hand to straighten it.
“Yes, I am sorry,” I loose from his grip and the sudden of the air, without his nearness, gives me gooseflesh. Shivering, I straighten myself.
“Are you cold, Miss?”
“No.” I shrug, completely forgetting, once again, that he cannot see anything. “I am fine, Mr James.”
His mouth twitches, and I see the formation of a small smile playing on his lips.
“How did you recognise me?”
“Easy. Your glasses gave a clue.” I smile little and feel the heat on my cheeks.  Am I turning red? Holy hell, am I blushing?
“Hello Ethan,” Daphney, ignoring my presence completely, crosses me and hugs him across his neck.
I avert my gaze and try to look anywhere else. Somehow, intruding the moment feels like a crime. Sandy is on the other side of the hall and catching my eye, crossing the room in long steps, comes up to me.
“Is it not amazing?  I mean, wow!  I never thought...” but, catching the sight of the trio standing in front of me, her first reaction is to roll her eyes, but, seeing the man and recognising him immediately, the way I did, she stutters.
“Is he; is he who I think he is? Ethan James?”
“Yes,” I whisper, “He is.”
****
“Hello, Angel,”
“Hello, Sir,”
After returning from the gathering, and totally getting blown over by the mere nearness of the tycoon himself, I was in no mood to going online, but, as soon as I received the message on my phone ( I have given my number on the site to receive messages)
“Dear Angel
Master D wants to have talk with you.
“
“How was your weekend?”
“pretty fine, sir.”
“I have realised something, Angel. Since you are so new to the entire thing, I think, I should introduce you to some major toys.”
“As you wish, Sir.”
 Silence for a minute, before his message, pops up again.
“Are you ok? After that night?”
“My butt is still sore.”
Oh shit! Did I just write that? Suddenly, my mind goes off. I have taken the decision. Whether he likes it or not?
“Sir, I-“
“Yes,”
“I-I want to quit. I mean, I know I was on the punishing side but...,”
“But, you are scared? Is that what you want to say?”
“Sort of,”
“Angel. As it happens, BDSM’s main aim is to introduce you to your other kinky side. It is there to let you explore your sexuality, which lays hidden under the person’s normal attire. Why don’t you give it a chance? I am not forcing you; I never do that with any member.”
The screen lightens up, and I find my avatar near a pool. Around the area, on the sun loungers, I see various equipment lying. I do not know even one of their names. Are these toys?
“Kneel.”
I turn and see D right behind me.
“Master,”
“Now. Angel.”
Without delaying further, I sit on my knees and stare at the ground.
“Strip your top, please.”
Moving behind, I strip my top and remove my bra.
“Go and sit on the lounger.”
Making a move, I do precisely that.  What is it about the command of the man?
“Look at me, now.”
My substantial blue eye goes to his face.
“Without breaking the eye contact, remove your panties.”
I do that.
Pushing me back on the seat, never leaving the eye contact, I see a thick rope going over my waist, circling my stomach and vanishing behind my back, with his hand on my throat! The mere action of his takes my breath away.
After the ropework is done, I am unable to move and stare at him wide-eyed. I do not like this. I can actually feel restrained around my real self. I am naked and at his mercy. How can I think of handing control to someone else? Wetness has spread over my labia and, with a futile attempt; I get off from the chair. Making my way to the bathroom, I wash my face and see redness on my cheeks. If I feel more threatened, I know what is to be done.
As soon as I return back to my seat, the scene on the screen threatens my control. Master D is sucking my breast, while his other hand is busy playing with the other one! I take a huge breath.
Oh God! my nipples have pebbled up, again. I feel the tips bunching and peak from the thin material of my chest.
“I need you to see and feel the effects of rope play, pet. I do not want to blindfold you. I need you to trust me. Do you feel good?”
I am resisting taking off my shirt and throwing it across the room. How does he do that? Changing my mind in a second?
Gulping some water, as I continue seeing the play, his hands have shifted down between my legs. Caressing the labia with soft strokes, never touching the bundle of nerves, meant for the sole purpose of pleasure.
“Close your eyes.”
My avatar closes her eyes.
Closing the distance between us, taking my mouth, he kisses me, softly and surely.
“Such lovely breasts you have.” He says, while his hands are fondling them.
“Master-“
“Shhh,” he says, and with that, his one finger enters inside.
Moaning softly and wiping the sweat from the top of my lip, I feel my mouth going dry.
I close my eyes to the screen, because, as it so happens again, I actually feel something between my legs. An intrusion of some sort, which feels good and uncomfortable at the same time!
Another minute of sensation rocketing my dormant body, till my world shatters in my mind.
I have just received my first climax!
Breathing heavily, I open my eyes and find my avatar cuddled up against Master D. Though his gaze should be down, on my head, amazingly, he is looking towards the screen, as if knowing what precisely I have gone through.
****
It is hard to explain in simple and easy words, what I am experiencing these days. The previous night, after the plaything was over, I had touched myself!
Strange, how I use to detest the mere idea of doing that? And how D has pushed my limits, forcing me to touch myself in a way, I have never done before. But yes, I had silently cried out his name, when I came.
Leaving the romantic bull shit aside, which, for the time being, I am not interested in, I want to experience that sort of sexual satisfaction again. He has made me realise how empty I have been till now.
***
“Rose,”
“Yes, Sandy,”
“Can you do the delivery today? Dwayne has taken the leave. He is ill.”
Frowning, I turn to her.
“Did he call?”
“Yes. Here is the package. These are the three items.” she keeps the bundle in front of me, while I am counting the sales for the day.
“Colours. Brushes and some white sheets.” I murmur, reading the description on the top of the package, “Address?”
“Here.” She passes me the slip.
“Seriously?” I look at her, after reading the address.
“Have fun,” smiling, she winks at me. I give her, I-Will-kill-you look.
****
Halting in front of the building, rechecking the address, to make sure I have reached the correct place. Yes, though we had met each other, Ethan James still has not been introduced to me. 
Pulling the Hoodie over my head and zipping the front of my jacket, I take off my helmet. Tucking the content into my side, and balancing it correctly, I start walking towards the place. From the outside, it is quite significant.
Reaching the threshold and done with the checking from the security guy, I enter the big James Industries headquarters. Though the package has been ordered in the name of Neville James, I am quite sure, it is for someone else.
Waiting for the elevators, with my foot tapping restlessly.
“Excuse me, mam.”
I turn to the receptionist.
“The elevators for VIP’s are on the other side.”
“I am just a delivery girl.”
“Ms Greene. You are Alastair’s Greene grand-daughter, are you not?”
Damn it! How did she know that? Of course, my id!
I feel silence spreading in the entire area. Everyone has halted in their work. I can feel some curious stares directed towards me. Why, oh why, did she have to say the thing out loud? I hate this fucking attention.
Damn you, Alastair!
“Very well. Thank you.” Smiling outside and cursing inside, I shift my waiting to the other side.
In a snap, thankfully, before anyone can come up with questions, with a ding, the elevator stops and opens before me.
Yes, natural curiosity was there. How can someone be so lucky? Even though she does not deserve to enjoy the privilege...what with being so dark and ugly, with spooky blue eyes?
“Excuse me,”
“Hello, Ms Greene. Natasha informed me of your arrival. Please, kindly wait for some time. I will inform Mr  James.”
A pretty brunette, with round brown eyes, smiles up at me.
“Thank you. But please, do not disturb him.  I am just here to deliver his order, he had made yesterday.”
Obeying too many orders these days, are you not, pet?
Jerked and shaken, I look around in the middle of the conversation.
“Miss?”
“Um, yes,” I shake my head. I am too much into Master D, am I not?
“Just give the package to him.”
“It will be good if you give him the package by your own self, ma'am...’ seeing the nervousness marked on my face, she says, “Oh, very well then, maybe you can give the package to me then...,”
A phone rings, and she picks it up.
“Excuse me,” saying that, she leaves her place and makes it inside the big door, in front of me.
In a minute, I see Neville coming out of the door, smiling. His black hair styled by the gel. In the grey suit, he is authority dominating the place.
“Hello, Rose.”
“Hi,” I say, making it to his side.
“Thanks for the delivery. Why don’t you come inside?”
“Umm, no. I am fine. You just need to sign the sheet.” I take out the delivery list, with a pen from my pocket.
“Come inside, please.”
Defeated, I am led into the big room.
“I had no idea that the boss makes the delivery all by herself.”
“Actually, I do not. I mean, I do take care of the orders and the delivery dates but, to make it to the customers that are up to my delivery boy. Unfortunately, he is ill today.”
“Oh. That is rather sad.” He sighs. “Two coffees please.” He says on the receiver and keeps it down.
“After the party and in its middle I never got the chance to have any conversation with you.” He continues.
“It is ok. I mean, I know you are so busy.”
He laughs huskily. There is another ring of the phone.
“Excuse me, but there is something I have to look into.” He says, frowning at something and leaves the room. 
“Do not go anywhere. I am coming in a minute.” He says, turning away from the door.
“Ok.”
Looking around, I find the entire office covered with various artworks. Mostly signed Ethan James.
So, the person is a loner. This, Ethan!
Enjoyed yourself last night?
What the hell! Stunned, I look around. Does this place consist of creepy ghosts?
***
Sitting in the bathtub, prolonging over the voices I have heard quite all day inside my head, and removing the chillness, on the mere thought of experiencing another night of agony through D’s hands,  I try to think about the weird turn that my life has seemed to take since the day I entered this odd Shivering Twilight!
My phone, kept near the tub, vibrates.
“Master D wants’ you in the shared chat room.”
Sighing and feeling the excitement at the same time, dressing in the robe and making it out of the bathroom, I reached across the room, switch on my laptop and open the browser.
“Hello, Angel.”
“Hello, master.”
“Today, before we start with the scene, I want to have some talk with you.”
“Yes. Sir.”
“Do you feel the things happening to you in reality, whenever I am doing it with your avatar?”
I am stunned and silent. Is this the day of all sorts of horrors to crack over my head... First those scary voices in my head...then...
“Angel. Answer me.”
“Yes. Sir.”
Silence for some minute before he replies.
“I thought so, because, surprisingly, I feel the same. I believe we should meet...”
He will be disgusted!
He will be appalled to see you!
Do not say ‘yes’.
He may just run to another direction at your mere sight.
“I cannot meet you,” I type before I have even made up my mind.
“Why? Is there some reason that you fear me?”
“No, not really.”
“Then?”
“It is just..., you will not understand.”
“Try me. I believe I understand English quite well.”
Joke and Master D? I see something new every day!
“Angel. Try again.”
“Master D, Can we not continue being online? I mean, playing online...”
“Is that what you want?”
“Yes.”
“But why? Give me a reason?”
“I cannot,” try as I might too! Why will you want someone as ugly as me in your playroom for that matter, if you see me?
“I have a stubborn kitten trapped in a net, have I not?”
I smile. Thank God, he cannot see me.
“So, what have you decided?”
“Fine. We will play online. And coming to that...,” screen lightens up, and this time, he is standing in a dingy looking dungeon.
The settings are quite scary, but, thrilling, too.
I walk up to him, this time surely. At least, online, I am a beautiful and sexy lady. Online, I have no fear of getting insulted or being commented by the other person.
Coming to my side, tilting my face to the other side and kissing me deeply, as he looks into my eyes, I can see the emotions floating on his face.
“I don’t know why you are adamant on the part of meeting me. But, rest assured, one day, I am coming to know the reason behind it.”
I hope not!
****
Taking me by the wrist, he makes me sit on the leather couch situated in the corner of the room. Kissing me lightly on the edge of my neck and the jaw, and making me shiver inside with the anticipation of the evening’s routine, he says.
“Now, the time has arrived for me to know your certain limits. Though, you have mentioned them in the registration form, but, in reality how you react to them? I want to see that.”
*****
The dream starts precisely after I have fallen into my regular pattern of deep sleep. I have a phantom lover that is what I feel, as his fingers caress me. His sure fingers stroking my face, with his cold but warm breath touching me above my eyelids and his mouth just an inch above mine!
I cannot see his face, which is weird.
I feel the little pressure on my chin, as he takes my jaw in his hand and tries to see me through the light falling from the window.
Kissing me swiftly near my mouth, he tenses, as if trying to decide whether he should proceed forward or not.
Decision made, he presses his lips against mine. Softly, smoothly, taking his own sweet time.
From there, he shifts to the collarbone of my neck, and I see him inhaling my scent, as he presses his mouth there. I moan softly, making up my mind that he should not hear it.
His hands, crawling under my nightdress, have taken the initiative of awakening my dormant senses into action and are busy tantalising my bunched nipples.  Before I know it, I feel the warmth of his mouth, as it closes around the bunched up nub.
Through the cotton shirt, which I am wearing in my dream also, is crumpled near the hem, as he removes it aside and exposes my stomach to his eyes, especially navel.
Dipping his tongue inside the hollow and eliciting a shiver from my half-open mouth, he gives me an open-mouthed kiss there.
“Ah!” I bite my lower lip, to hide the shiver and the jolt of sensuousness, which is flowing inside me like molten lava.
“You are so beautiful, Rose.”
I smile.
“To have you with me like this...there are no words to describe the circumstances.”
His hand crawls inside my night pants and cups my wet panties!
“No!”
“I say, yes. You are so ready for me, sugar.”
Dipping his index finger inside the barrier, as his fingers make contact with the wet labia, there is a soft growl escaping his mouth, as he rubs the wetness around the already aroused area.
“No, please.”
“Yes. Of, course. Kitten. I am going to leave you at this point. But, you know it already.  I am going to come back, little one. After all, a Dom’s primary aim is to look into his sub’s every need.” A pause, A soft pressure on my cheek, as he kisses me good night.
“Till then. Sleep. Little Rose.”
That said, with a snap, my eyes flew open. Sitting upright on the bed, I wipe the cold sweat from my forehead. Feeling the parched throat, I turn to the bedside.
Turning the lamp on, I resist shrieking out loud.
My night pant is actually lying on the floor!
*******
Another Friday night has ended. I should have won today. From one entire week, practising all my fighting skills on and on, my arms and steps have refined, and I should have made some use of them. But, as the night has it, I have lost, very shamefully. Blaine’s shocked expression, when I was knocked flat by a little punch on my jaw, is still fresh in my memory. I flinch.
Shivering Twilight!
That damned game!
Not that I care about it anymore.
I have left it, already.
I realise I am getting paranoid by going online and getting all the sensual pleasure through the hands of Master D. My dreams are turning into nightmares, and I have started hearing strange voices in my head. After that night’s incident, I am even afraid to sleep. Scared to also turn off the lamp, fearing its return!
I am silly and stupid, but somehow, I am unable to suppress the fear.
After a long thought over my life and the direction the things are taking, I decided to quit, and this time, I went ahead and deleted my account.
No more turning my eyes to that damned site, again!
I am not a pervert, nor a nymphomaniac, who wants such thing on a daily basis. I wanted to experience the entire thing in its wholeness but, those uneasy feelings churning and rolling in my gut?
And those stupid voices!
As if, D is watching me and instructing me all the time?
Driving straight and putting the radio on, I try to relax and calm myself down...
With a screech, my car halts and I open the door, as I see some Roadside Romeos troubling a car on the dark side of the lane.
Without a moment’s hesitation, checking my pants for the security pistol, which Blaine had gifted to my last birthday, I step forward.
“Hey,” I say. “Leave her alone.”
One of the guys turns to my side, and I can see the lecherous feelings deep in those muddy brown eyes.
“Ah.” Says someone, “Look, it is the fighter girl.”
They are from the fighting club, are they?
“Is it you? Angel girl?”
“Yes.” I step forward. There is a car on their back in which a girl, gagged and tears streaming down her face, is looking from the back seat at my direction.
Oh God! Have they...?
No.
I shake my head.
It cannot be. 
I take a deep breath.
“I said. Leave her alone, assholes!”
“Do you want to take her place, you ugly bitch?”
I turn to the guy who has taken the lead for the four rascals.
“I will call cops. Remember. I am going to take that step. Do not think for a second that I will not.”
“We do not, sugar. But for that, you will have to be alive.”
“Come honey.” One of them takes my wrist. “Why don’t you join the fun? Rumours have it. You are still a virgin?”
“Want to abandon that status with us?” said the other. Four of them have concentrated on me. Good.
Through the corner of my eyes, I direct the girl to run. She is still gagged. But, I see no reaction from her side. She is shivering. Her eyes are wide. She is sitting in the corner of the seat like a folded bundle of clothes.
Closing my eyes, and then remembering that my powers are crumbling because of my refusal from the fae tribe, I open them, again.
Catching my cue, I hit one of them in the crotch.
“Ow. Bitch.”
The other two pounce on me. Escaping and ducking low, to avoid their grasp, putting my other foot out, I stomp on other’s foot!
“What the fuck. Catch her.”
Says the other fourth one, who has been glaring at the girl!
Coming to her, I still see her sitting in the backseat of the car. Can she not see? What is she waiting for?
“You do not mess with big boys. Little bitch.”
Two pair of arms catch mine from the back and the other two catch my leg. I struggle to free myself. No use. I am losing control. 
Pistol!
Why am I not using the pistol?
As I see them leading me to a stone gravel road, I try to summon some hidden power inside me.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Like a sparkle, lightning leaves my finger.
But, that’s it.
******
Before I can make sense of it, by its own occurrence, four of them are thrown back on the gravel path. My energy has left me. I am fully drained. But, even I am shocked by this sudden thing.
I do not remember what really happens after that.
I am being dragged into a dark place within my head.
My eyes are shutting down.
******
I am in the deep dark depth of a river or maybe, it is an ocean! I do not really know. All I can say is that someone is hammering my head with a strong hammer. Maybe I am...
Something cold lands on my face!
Wincing and trying to turn my head to another side, with a rush, the memories come rushing to me.
The girl...
All the men...
The car...
They are trying to put up a fight...
Landing on the floor...
I open my eyes. Slowly. Where am I?
There is a pillow under my head, a covering sheet on my naked chest...
Hang on!
Naked chest!
Where are my clothes?
With a jolt, I sit upright.
“Are you awake?” comes a faint masculine voice. This is not my room. Who got me here? What happened? Why my head does feels so heavy?
In the darkness, by the help of the faint light thrown by the lamp near the bedside, I see him, finally.
****
Ethan James!
Holy God!
What the hell...
“You!?” Am I dreaming, or imagining things?
“So you are awake.” He pauses. Collecting something from the table and managing his pace, he puts the glass of hot chocolate near the bedside.
“Drink. You will feel better.”
“Who brought me here?” I try to bring the sheets up to my shoulder.
“Relax. You do not need to fear me. Being blind, I am pretty harmless.”
“I asked...,”
“I got you here. I was passing the lane when Rob alerted me to someone’s presence on the road.”
“Rob?”
“My driver.” A pause there, “Before I forget, Amalia has undressed you and not me. As much as I would like to.”
Did he just crack a joke? Was I supposed to laugh about that?
“Amalia?”
“My housekeeper.” Another pause there and this time, shifting his stance from the corner he makes it towards me and sits beside. “Thank you for saving Karen.”
The girl in the car!
She is his sister!
“The one in the car, you mean?”
“Yes. Though I don’t know how some people can be so careless.” His teeth make some crushing sound.  Is he actually grinding them?
“I am Ethan if you do not remember me, Miss...?”
“Greene, Rosemary Green.”
“I will be damned!” he mutters softly. “You mean Alastair Greene’s grand-daughter.”
“Um. Yes.”
“Thank you so much for rescuing Karen. I do not have enough words.”
“You are making me embarrass,” I say. The heat is actually creeping on my cheeks. “Can you come in the light? I cannot see your face.”
“What will you do by seeing it? I am speaking to you. Is that not enough?”
“Please.”
“Girls.” He mutters softly again. In the low lamplight, as he moves forward, I see his face so clearly. Every contour. The high raised cheekbones. The eyes, once again covered by glasses.
“You are so brave.” He says. “I wonder. Where did you learn those fighting skills?”
“I am a skilled boxer,” I say. “I fight every Friday night in Champions wrestling along with Blaine.”
“Blaine?” 
“My best friend and roommate.”
“You do not live with your grandfather, huh?”
“No. I do not.”
Silence for a while. None of us knows what to say next.
“It is ten,” I say. “I think I should rest for a little while more.”
“Can I...can I ask you something?”
“Of course, you can.”
“Can I...can I ask you out for lunch tomorrow? To thank you properly?”
My mouth goes dry. I was not expecting this.
“It is ok.” He sighs. “I mean. I was really hoping...ah! Leave it. Of course. So stupid of me...,”
“Yes. Mr James.” I say and then clear my throat. “I will be most delighted to have lunch with you. Tell me about the place.”
“Here. In my mansion.”
“Your mansion? You mean, no one else lives with you?”
“No, no one.” There is a slight frown on his head. Damn those glasses! Why can he not remove them? But the other piece of the information imparted astonishes me. How come no one lives with him? How does he do his daily routine work?
“But your family,”
“They live separately.” He says. With a quick grace, he gets up from the bed and picks up the empty glass.
“I wish you good night. Hope you will have a peaceful sleep.”
Wow! What with that seventeenth-century accent?
“Yeah. Good night.”
****
Next day, as the time decided, aided by his chauffeur by my side, I arrive back in Ethan James’s house. It is a high building, which I had not noticed the previous night when I was healing from my fight.
Which reminds me?
How did he found me? Did someone bring Karen and me to him?
“Good afternoon.” He comes from the back. Rising from my seat, with my eyes popping out of my socket, I try to shut my open mouth. 
Dressed in a green t-shirt, khaki pants, with a grey jacket completing the outfit, he looks like a lean model for a suiting and shirting advertisement. 
Thank God he cannot see. He would have been disgusted.
The one thing I notice is, Ethan, walks without any problem and he does not even need any stick or cane to make out his way. Being a handicapped person, he sure has mastered his technique around the mansion.
“Good afternoon. Mr James.”
“Call me Ethan, please. Have your seat.”
“Thank you.”
“You did not have any problem in the way, right?”
“Yes. It was a comfortable journey. Thank you.”
Two-three people emerge out of the side room with various dishes in their hand. So he has a housekeeper? Thank God. I was almost going to make him some sort of a superman.
“Thank you for accepting my offer.”
“Do not embarrass me with such words. I am honoured to be your guest. The great Ethan James, with whom the pioneering painters dream to have a small talk, is spending his time with a small bookshop owner? The pleasure is all mine.”
“You were at the exhibition that day.” A pause. “Did you like any work? Is there some comment you like to give?”
“I liked every one of them,” I say, helping myself to some extra veggies.
“Can I ...can I ask you something?”
That tone again!
“What do you look like?”
I halt my fork near my mouth. Losing my appetite, shaking my head, I look at him at the other side. “Excuse me!” What sort of question is this?
“I mean...I do not know how to ask you this but, I have a curiosity regarding the brave girl who saved my sister yesternight.”
How should I answer this one?
“Da!” comes a high shrill child like a voice from the corner of the stairs.
“Hey, kitten.” Ethan stands up. Karen proceeds to our side. In broad daylight, with her auburn hair around her neck and a small doll clutched in her hand.  She is standing with a scared expression on her face.
Is she scared of me?
“Come meet our guest, kitten.” A pause and Ethan, taking Karen by the arm, bring her slowly to my side.
“She is the lady who saved you.”
Her eyes are wide in her face as she looks up at me. Of, course, she is scared of me.
“Hi, Karen.”
Ethan takes her hand in his and raises it to my direction.  Catching the hint, I take her hand in mine. She shrinks further to his side and has a death grip on his wrist collar.
“Now now, Kitten, be a good girl and show her proper respect.”
Nothing.  Nada. She is still reluctant to look at her face.
“I am sorry sir.” Comes to a woman running, “come, little princess. We shall go upward and play, yes?”
Why is everyone calling her little? Why is she getting a treatment like that of a kid?
*********
“Forgive me for Karen. You see. She is just scared to meet new people.”
I say nothing. Well. What should I?
“You said no one lives here?”
“True. Belinda is coming today to pick her up.”
“Alright.”
Should I ask?
“You are not eating. Is the food not up to your taste?”
“It is.” I try to be more enthusiastic about it. His phone rings and with an ‘excuse me’ he leaves the table. How come that person is so intimidating?
Amalia, the housekeeper, comes to pick up the dishes off the table.
“Here. Let me help.”
“No miss. I can do it.”
Waving her aside, taking the dish, I start proceeding to the kitchen.
“Do not ask him about Karen. He will not like it.”
Stunned and amazed, I turn to back to her.
“Are you reading my mind?”
“No need to. It is clear from your face that you want to ask him about her. Do not do that. Ethan is pretty sensitive when someone does that.” A pause. “Karen is mentally disturbed, Rose.”
“She stays here?”
“No. She stays with others. Ethan lives alone.”
****
Working in my bookshop, check the shelf for the romantic fiction, as I tick the list of the names, amazingly, the voices in my head have stopped disturbing me. On the other note, though I have deleted my account from the game, I feel as though, someone has clipped my wings.
True. The game was disturbing my peace of mind but, at least, I was feeling pretty much alive when I use to play with Master D.
Which reminds me?
Where is he these days? I never asked his real name but...
No use!
No use now, after already removing yourself from the game.
“Is that the person coming to the shop or am I hallucinating?” Sandy says.
To think you will escape me is the most significant misconception you are keeping your little head, pet.
That voice again!
I never lift my head. The voice has stopped me in my tracks altogether.
“Hello, Rosemary.”
“What?!” I lift my head and see Ethan James standing before me!
“Mr James,” I say. “What a pleasant surprise. Do you want something? You could have informed me. I would have delivered your things.”
“I wanted to meet the wonderful woman who rules this bookshop.”
Smiling and blushing at the same time, I try to hide it.
“Mind if I come inside?”
“Oh yes, of course, please.” I open the front entering door and lead him inside the shop. Sandy is all worked up at his mere sight. 
Making him seated, and correcting my side too, I ask.
“All of a sudden, such a surprising visit? I am amazed.”
“I intended to do just that.” He smiles. “You see, Rose. My inspiration for my latest paintings has not come to me yet. I am still waiting for something to strike in my head.”
“Ah. The great painter’s muse is missing.” I say.
“On the other hand.” He takes my hand in his. “I was thinking. Maybe. If you want to take that place for a while.”
“Excuse me.”
“I mean it. Rose. I want to make you my inspiration for my latest art.”
“But.” I sound amused by myself. “How will you draw me? I mean. You cannot see me.”
“That is my headache.” He replies. Why such sudden interest in me?
“Umm.” A pause before I speak. “Mr James. I mean, I do not mean to be rude but, maybe, it is not such a great idea.”
“No hurry.” He says. “I can wait for your answer.”
****
“Did you hear the news?”
“About what?” I ask while Blaine increases the steps on the treadmill.
“Four fighters from champion wrestling club are dead.”
“What?”  I pause my machine, while he does the same.
“Yes. It happened some days ago. I believe, maybe day before yesterday or something?”
The day before yesterday!
“Who were they?” I ask nonchalantly.
“Ah. The four named William, Jude, Ralph and Elmer.”
I remember their faces so distinctly. I have fought each of them during my fighting nights.
Heard you are still a virgin...
Why don’t you join the fun...?
Want to give your innocence to us, ugly bitch?
Four people who were going to rape Karen!
How can this be? How did I miss the news? Maybe I was thinking about something...
Presumably, accepting Ethan’s invitation to being his Muse...
No. Definitely not.
Are you sure?
Positively.
******
My head is going round and round in a circle. Everything around me seems just out of the universe for the time being. Four boys who were going to force themselves on the girl that night are dead. Who did it?
It indeed was not me.
I was not even conscious when that happened.
“Excuse me.”
Halting in my effort to push some new children fiction to the side, I turn to face the customer.
“Yes.”
“May I have ‘gone girl’, please?”
“Did you not find it on the shelves?”
“No.”
I cannot see much about this person. Like Ethan, he too has covered his face with dark shades.
“Here you go.”
Making the bill, I turn to him with a smile.
Taking the bill in his hand, without a little frown on his face, he says in a low voice.
“You should stay away from him, you know?”
“Stay away from who?” I ask. I hope my face is not giving anything away.
“Ethan James. Thanks for the book by the way.” Saying that, before giving me a chance to speak anything, he makes out of the shop.
Why?
Why should I do that?
Why did he say that?
Who is that guy?
Does he know what he is saying?
What relation does he have with Ethan?
Closing and opening my eyes, giving my head a little shake, I pay little attention to it.
I am not related to him in any way. He is just, what should I say, passing by a person, who had a kind heart to actually praise me for my work.
******
“Happy Birthday.”
The voice wakes me up with a start. Alarmed, I wake up and see the phone held up next to my ear.
Did I receive it while I was sleeping? Possible!
“I am sorry.” A pause. “But who is this?”
“Ethan. Rose!”
“Oh my God!” I get up in an instant. “Sorry. I was sleeping. What did you say?”
“Happy Birthday.”
“Thank you so much. How did you come to know that?”
“I have... sources.”
My brows are touching the hairline now. 
Sources, hah?
“Are you awake now?”
“Yes. I am.”
“Good.” A pause. “Then might I ask your kind permission for asking you out for dinner, tonight?”
“It is my birthday.” A pause. “I should treat you and not you me.”
“It is not different.” A pause, again. “All I am asking you is a cosy up dinner in Savoy cafe. If that is not too much?”
 “Of course not. I will be there.”
****
“Blaine,” I call out. “I am going out. Are you sure you do not want to come with me?”
“Quite sure. I do not want to be some peeping tom in your conversation.”
“Peeping Tom? You are not that.”
“Will you keep talking from the dressing room or will come forward and show me what you are wearing?”
Sighing and adjusting my bag on the coat, I step before him. The snow has started to fall. I tried making my complexion some fairish white but I believe, nothing I have applied will correctly work.
“How is it?”
He passes an admiring and scanning glare from top to toe, and I see a hint of a smile playing near his mouth.
“Perfect as always.”
I nod. Of course. Blaine will never criticise or tell me that, no matter how hard I work to improve my colour, it will always remain ugly dark.  I think, in recent years, I have become acknowledged to that fact.
“It is a good thing Ethan is blind... or else, he would have had to become one tonight.” He smiles as he comes to me. “You have no idea the charm you hold on that face of yours.”
“Yeah,” I say. “Some fucking charm I have.”
“Hey.” He holds my chin and looks me in the eye. “Do not destroy the time you are going to spend with him.  With what I can see, the guy is pretty much into you. I like that.”
“He would have had been disgusted and probably would have run for a saving if he was not blind,” I say.
“At least he values your heart.”
“No.” A pause. “This is just the gratitude he is showing for saving his sister.”
I have told everything to him regarding that night. He is not convinced and try to say something else.
“Leave it,” I say smiling. “Let us just act as if I am the most beautiful girl in the world for the time being. Right?”
*****
Though it is Friday night and, like every year, I should have gone with Blaine to celebrate the day by fighting and then cutting the cake along with other fellow wrestlers. This year, for sure, things are changing.
Though only one week has passed since our introduction, I already feel Ethan has taken a particular place, like Blaine, in my heart.
You do not have much time left...
You are an outcast Fae...
Just three more years...then death!
“Why did you leave the party in the middle?” Daphne’s voice.
Opening my eyes and not thinking about the upcoming future, which is looming over my head like some dark cloud, I proceed inside the cafe.
I have always liked this place. Old wooden furniture, which has been kept in the dark corner, the cosy fireplace illuminating the entire area and the low murmur and whispers of all the occupants, as they indulge themselves with some privacy, give the whole area a sense of mysterious place.
Going to the corner, where I see him sitting with his back to me, I say.
“Hello, Ethan.”
“Ah!” a pause. “Finally you have arrived.” He gets up. “Happy Birthday once again.” he gives a single black rose flower to me.
Black rose!
Presumably, the florist never noticed the colour because Ethan cannot really see it.
“Sit.”
“Thank you. So have you ordered anything or just going through the menu?”
“I have ordered.”
Silence for a while and I am searching for a way to start the conversation.
“Nobody recognised you, huh? I am surprised.”
“Not many people are great admirers of painting.”
“True.”
Silence again.
“How many years have you turned today?”
“You should never ask a woman’s age. Has no one told you that?”
“I believe I have heard that saying somewhere.” A pause of a husky laugh. “So how old are you today?”
“Twenty-one,” I sigh. I feel like I am getting old too soon.
“Rose.” He says. “Mind if I ask you a question?”
“Please go ahead.”
“Do you believe in angels and demons?”
A pause.
“I am not a religious person, per se. All the theological and philosophical talk never really held my interest. So I believe it is quite a moot point to ask me this question.”
“But still... do you?”
“I think... no!”
“Then will you believe me, if I tell you, that I am a psychic vampire?”
****
I laugh, control it for a second and then watching his facial expression, burst out on loud guffaws. Keeping a hand on my mouth to stifle the laughter, I say.
“Sorry. I am so, so sorry. I really never knew that you had such a brilliant sense of humour. Ethan.”
A pause on his side, as if he is testing what he wants to say next.
“And what if I say I am not joking? That I am serious?”
There are no laughter lines near his mouth, nor is there any hint that he is joking.
Sobering up, I try again.
“You are serious.”
“One hundred per cent.”
“And how can you prove it to me?” I am still not a hundred per cent convinced of the fact.
“I have some facts about me which may act as proof.”
“Name them.”
“You like Blaine a lot, but, somehow Jeremy was the first guy you ever fell in love with or, should I restate it as a crush.”
My face loses a little colour but, then again, being his cousin’s wife, maybe Daphne had told that thing to him...
“You hate your grandfather and never give him his proper title.”
My heart is beating slow now...
“Your heart was shattered the night your friend Daphne betrayed you and went ahead with her engagement with your childhood crush.”
Why does the air feel so congested in my chest?
“The night you fought in the wrestling ring against black mask was... the night when apart from Blaine, you lost against someone else.”
What the hell...
“And last, but not the least, another revelation which I really want to make right now is...” he bends forward in the seat, with his elbows on the table and his hand covering his head to hide the conversation. “I want you back in the game, pet. Master D really misses his sub on Shivering Twilight.”
*****
I am still. Very still. In fact, the very stillness inside me is scaring me to hell. I am waiting for something to happen. Anything to happen.
I feel the very breath sucked out of my lungs.
How does he know so much about me?
From where did he acquire so much information about me?
Alastair...
Jeremy...
Blaine...
Black Mask...
Shivering Twilight...
Though the glass is there, my hands are not coordinating with me to pick it up.
“How-How does you know all that?” is that raspy voice really mine!
“I told you. I am a psychic vampire.  I feed on other people’s energy. Every sort of it, from negative to positive. On their every emotion and desire which pours out of their every pore of the skin.”
On the table, his hand finds me and silently, without my noticing it, he wraps his grip around mine. I am cold. So cold.
“Psychic Vampire?” I pause. “I have heard about your species... the other types...”
“The one on feeding on blood?” he pauses, “I should have known...”
Every human instinct inside me is shrieking to flee and run and never look back.
I think... I think I should really do that.
“Do not even think about it.” He says, “My confession and revelation has not ended, yet.”
“You can read my mind, too?” my eyes are ready to fall out of their socket.
Ok, now he is really frightening me.
“Very rarely.” He pauses. “I have certain powers, but mind-reading is not one of them.”
“What are they?”
“I can make people follow my commands very easily. All the psychic ones have that in common. Then, I can create false illusions, too. I can make a person shoot himself and then make it look like some accident case or worse, a suicide.”
I gulp down the excess water down my throat.
“Ethan.” I say, “I think I should go...”
“Not yet. Sit for a while. I need to make everything clear to you. You should know what you are getting yourself into, what you are signing for!”
“I am not signing for anything.”
“You will be.” A pause. “After you have come to know the entire truth.”
“I am listening.”
He smiles a little bit, then gets serious again.
“In my family, apart from Karen, all the others are my foster sisters and brother.”
“You mean, even your father, too?”
“Yes.”
“Is that the reason you do not stay with them?”
“Quite observant, are you not?”
I gulp some more water. With shaking hands, I take a large mouthful sip from the glass and keep the thing down on the table.
“Why are you wearing gloves? Are you that cold?”
“No.” He loosens his grip on my hand, and I have a big sigh. “I cannot touch anyone without hurting them.”
“As in?”
“As in, if I touch anyone, I end up hurting them. I may end up causing their death.”
“Have you killed anyone? I mean till now.”
“Those four men, who attacked you and Karen that night.”
*****
Everything I have heard till now is making it difficult for me to actually think straight.
Ethan James...
A psychic vampire...
A killer...
A talented blind artist...
“Are you scared?” he asks.
“What do you want from me?”
“Honesty and truth.”
“Yes.”
He sighs as if defeated.
Clock strikes and I turn my head to the clock.
It is eleven at night.
Our meal never arrived or...
O Yes!
Looking down, I see all the vapours have vanished from the food.  It has gone all cold.
Do I even have an appetite for eating anything after this evening full of surprises?
I do not know whether I should remain sitting...run to another direction...call the police...or do what?
The place is emptied out of local public now.
The owner will be coming in a minute, ordering us out of place...
Fuck food!
I am hungry no more. My head is buzzing with too much knowledge.
“How do you know about Shivering Twilight?” I ask. My curiosity getting better than me.
“I am a master D.”
*****
“I am tired.” I say, “I really need to go.”
“You never had anything.”
“Not hungry.”I make it out of the door towards the parking lot. I need to think through so many things...
Just sit inside the car, give the gear and...
“Hi.”
“Bloody hell Ethan!” I turn to my side just to find him sitting on the seat next to me.
“Was thinking to outrun me, were you?”
“I had no such intentions. How did you come by so fast?”
“I have a breakneck speed.” He grins. His eyes are still hidden behind those glasses, his hands buried under those gloves. So many hidden parts yet, he has exposed his very identity to me tonight.
“Why did you tell me your secret? I never asked for it.”
Crossing the space in the blink of an eye, with his breath washing my face, he says.
“Because, though I am not able to decipher it, for now, I know you are not human yourself. I am able to see everyone, you know. The smells, their emotion and the way some of them just throw some of their energy...”
“I suspect a ‘but’ here...”
“I cannot do that with you.” He pauses with his hands going to the side of his glasses. 
I am really, terrified now.
“The first night I smell a beautiful, mouth-watering fragrance in Jeremy’s engagement party, was the night when I was deciding on my next exhibition date.”
“You were not there at the party!”
“I was.” He parts his lips and...Like a flash in my mind, I see his blue lips.
Blue lips!
“So you are a black mask? The fighter against whom...”
“...you lost? Yes, I am.”
Now my head will burst for sure!
From how long has this been going on? Why do I have the feeling that he was sort of following me? 
Run now. Rose. As fast as you can. Do not even look back.
“Ethan,” I speak trying to push him back. “I am really, petrified now.”
“You smell so, so good.” He whispers. I can see his lips shape so undoubtedly.
 Danger flash is there in my head.
Stop it, Rose!
“God no!” with a jolt and in a heart-stopping movement, he goes out of the car.
“Go home. Rose. As I suspect, you have had too much information today. But someday, I would like to know your secrets too.”
****
Piling up the books in the adult corner of the shop and dusting the old edition who have gathered dust on their covers, I am trying to analyse and ponder on every emotion which Ethan has to wake up inside me.
Like an alarm my phone rings.
“Hello”
“Ethan here.”
“Yes, Ethan.” I get down from the ladder and try to bring up my head around.
“Are you trying to avoid me?”
“No. I am not.”
“Then...may I know the answer to my question?”
“What question?”
“Are we friends now?”
“I thought we were already.”
Is that not true enough? Dying or not, I have always thought that there was something between us.
More than friendship but less than love.
He is a killer...
I am the one suffering under these barricades of empty formalities.
He is a psychic vampire...
I am the outcasted fae from my clan...
He has forever...
I have three more years to go...
Killer or not! Can I not give myself some freedom, even if it means, supporting a crazy friend like him.
“But I like to be something more than that, Rose.”
“Means.”
“Means...like to be...” there is a hesitation.
“Like friends with benefits?” I complete the sentence.
“Yeah, something like that.” 
“Do you still want to play the game?” I ask.
“Yes.” He says, “I started it with the intention of finding someone to play with...I mean I cannot do that in reality, right? So...”
“You still want me to your sub?”
“Yes. I do.”
“I am fine with that,” I say.
“Not scared of me anymore?”
“I am... a little but not much. I know what you do, why you do and how you do.”
“So you no longer feel the need to report me to the police or some local asylum?”
“Why will I feel like that?”
“Look out your shop then...” I turn my gaze out of the shop.
Ethan is standing there, next to his car, getting drenched in the rain. Coming to the front of the shop, keeping my phone on the desk with Sandy staring out of the store and then looking at me, I make it out of the store.
Evading the torrential downpour and being careful with my umbrella, I go near him.
“What the hell are you doing outside?” I shriek.
“Well, what do you think? Waiting for you of course.”
“You could have come inside.”
“Without the invitation? I do not think so!”
“Come inside.”
“No.” He says. “I am just here to get the confirmation for all the answers I have got on the phone.”
“And, what is that?”
“Can I kiss you?”
I can hear the swish of the air in my ear but, apart from that, the cold weather is doing nothing to actually low down the warmth which has engulfed me from all sides at those words.
“What did you say?”
“Can I kiss you?”
“What about your powers?”
“I do not think they are going to affect you.” He says.
“Want to try?”
“Sure.”
Hesitating a minute, I rise on toes and feel his arms around my waist.
Ok, I calm myself, it is just a kiss. Nothing heavy or sinful.
Closing my eyes and counting three under my breath, with his face in my palms, slowly I press my mouth against his.
A minute passes before both we break the contact.
“Not that bad, was it?” he asks.
“No. I do not think so.” I sigh, but he never loosens his grip on me.
“Definitely not human,” he mutters under his breath, but I hear it all the same.
“My smell still affects you?” I ask.
“Sure it does.” He pauses, “But, surprisingly, I still cannot make out your physical appearance. Why is it so?”
“I do not know.” I sigh.
The End.
To be continued in the sequel...
Other works by the Author:
Love Through Cobra’s Eye 1-7 (Love Poison)
Love Is Blind
Princess And The Sheikh 1-4 (Princess Series)
Love Through Golden Eye’s 1-4 (Love Poison)
In Leopard’s Love 1-2
New Moon 1-4 ( Death’s Love)
Ruthless Billionaire’s Blackmailed Bride ( Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Bride ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Lovely Bride 1- 5 ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Desire 1-2 ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Tenacious Bride ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s American Mistress (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Innocent Bride (The Sheikh Bride Series)
The Sheikh’s Kidnapped Bride (The Sheikh Bride Series)
The Sheikh’s Captive Lover ( The Sheikh’s Bride Series)
The Sheikh’s Hired Love (The Sheikh’s Desire Series)
The Sheikh’s Secret Princess (The Sheikh’s Desire  Series)
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Bride ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner ( The Sheikh’s Rules Series)
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner 2 ( The Sheikh’s Rule Series)
The Sheikh’s Secret Bride ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s American Surprise (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Pregnant Prisoner 3 ( The Sheikh’S Rule Series)
The Sheikh’s Secret Baby ( The Sheikh’s Rules Series)
The Sheikh’s Assistant (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s American Daughter (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Twin Baby Surprise ( The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Chosen Queen (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Quadruplet Baby Surprise (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Convenient Princess (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Bought Wife (The Sheikh Series)
The Sheikh’s Bought Wife 2











