






















 Prologue
Why do you feel so far away the moment I’m aware of you?

Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh My God. Nooo! This can’t be! I… I… this can’t be happening to me.
I woke up with a start. A hand was roaming over my body. My crotch! Oh my God! It is 2003 and I’m lying on my bed broken and frozen, the night I died. 
Shit no, this is just a recreation of a piece in my life I had gouged out from my brain, dug a deep hole and buried six feet under. 
Fuck me! It’s 2008, a crispy-cold grey morning. Too cold for May if you wanted to know. My name is Mariam and I’m 18, a freshman medicine student at Gondar University, and I do not have the slightest clue where I am or who was trying to get atop me.
I somehow found a strength and with it my voice, “Stooop! Please, stop! What are you doing?” I shot out of the bed so fast I lost my balance and was sprawled on my back on the floor. OMG! I’m half-naked. Where are my jeans? I glanced down and noted that I was atleast wearing my panties. Bloodied panties?! “What…?! What did you do to me? What did you do?” I couldn’t believe my eyes. I couldn’t believe me. 
Now, it’s official. I have gone and done it. I’ve been royally raped. I didn’t even realize scalding tears had already made the run for it flooding my cheeks. I know you might be like “Duh! That a natural response considering your predicament!” The predicament of finding myself in such a compromising situation and the sense of loss for the “treasured” virginity… Teehee. Nah, they are just “water-works” bedecking such a déjà vu moment of the unprecedented reunion of my past with my present and at same time bidding a silent farewell for I was at the brink of celebrating my 5th year death anniversary. And look how it’s coming along! History, undoubtedly, repeats itself – fashion, economic recession and obviously sexual assaults.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, I died in 2004 right in my sleep. I was in the process of dying foreva’. Believe you me, I gave quite a struggle. I gave everything I had. I didn’t want to die. Then I yielded. I had to. Trust me, even as a little girl, I had so many things going well for me. I had a lot to live for. Alright, alright, I’m talking about my excellent academic records and “full-scale” popularity at school. What’s a full-scale, you ask? I had a charm the size of a hot-air balloon that I could have you for breakfast if I wanted to. No conceit there, just stating it like it was. Seriously, I had a charisma so huge even I didn’t know what to do with it. At age 3, my dad enrolled me at a kindergarten and I found that my magic pull still worked on people outside of the house. I appeared at an event at the preschool at age 4 and from then on, I knew where I belonged. I made sure I was part of school shows on stage. Ofcourse, there were times that I had to make great effort to get a chance for a try-out and prove myself to whoever was hosting the carnival that I was “IT”. But soon I was enjoying the main dish with enchanted teachers who hand-picked or recommended me to be included in school festivities mostly organized by a graduating class of the year while as a side dish, I had bewitched the boys and girls at my school. I gave the best performances as I did speeches. From beginning to end, I made sure I knocked everyone’s socks off and did it give me immense pleasure having such power over my spectators! I was born a natural – the confident kid who was never afraid to speak her mind. As years went by, I came to be more polished and advanced in my way of thinking and articulating those ideas – to which my father played a great role. Eventually, I was identified as a prodigy kid and an excellent orator. I was the best thing that ever happened to my school. My class mates either wanted to be me or were rooting for me – so they should be.
My school, having had witnessed my potentials and growing accomplishments, had such high hopes for me... and themselves. There was no doubt as to my future as a distinguished physicist or neurosurgeon from one of the renowned colleges. That surely would have put my school on a map as one of the institutions who shared merits for being the cornerstones in the formation of a once-in-a-life wunderkind. By age 12, I was one of the two editorial staff of the school’s monthly magazine and the president of math club and debate team. I became a regular attendant in the monthly meetings held between the school’s board members, the principal, Gash Getachew and the teachers, and few selected parents. My father also happened to be one of those few invited parents but after one or two appearances, he respectfully withdrew from the position. He travelled a lot and he feared his absenteeism might be taken as contempt to the assembly and at the same time becoming an obstacle to the process of decision-making on matters that absolutely needed parents’ presence and inputs. By then, my name had already secured the place reserved for troupers that were dependable and devoted to the school’s praxis. I was truly one of the few dyed-in-the-wool students who didn’t bat an eyelid to carry out confidential duties when the school staff needed help without the academy overt involvement. Once, I got delegated to be in charge of starting and compiling petitions in order to be sent to the appropriate officials including the then minister of Ministry of Education and president of Ethiopia, Dr. Negaso Gidada, RIP. 
My school had received a last warning letter against the school’s self-devised curriculum which included bible study as a supplementary subject and hymnal songs during music class. The letter read unless the school makes the appropriate changes accordingly, the district’s schools’ administration would be forced to take actions. As to be expected, there’ve been several correspondences between the school and TPLF’s new administration of the aforementioned bureau and not one of the letters implied any stipulations and/or reservations concerning additional classes or theology teachings. There were no prior forewarning letter against the slight alteration in music class and the add-on class. While the foundation of the school is a Protestant church built with foreign aid, the school enrolled students of any faith who could afford the school’s fee. What harm would be to the students if they knew Bible verses by heart or sang songs inside of the church? After all, it’s God we worship – One or the Trinity. The school body was both appalled and apprehensive at the sheer audacity and arrogance of the nature and implication of the letter that could be concluded as a threat to the school’s future existence. The irony was that the school has survived the previous so-called socialist regime Derg that closed down fellow churches, confiscated their lands and incarcerated, tortured and offed Protestants deeming them archenemies of the religion-intolerant system.
The school called parents for an emergency meeting on a Saturday. My father helped me compose a speech that was scheduled to address the mass at the end as the “closing statement”. Later that day, I was told to have set off a spark in the hearts of parents even those who questioned the school’s best intentions with teachings of the Bible or the songs and made known of their opinions at every PTA meetings. They insisted that it was just a tool the school used to promote Protestant beliefs among the students. Most followers of the Ethiopian Orthodox Coptic Church considered the dissidents Protestant – apostates and believers of half-truth doctrines and Jesus’ mother, Mary’s foes. Perhaps this is the right time to come clean about a misconception adopted and adhered by the mass till recent years. It seems there was an unwritten consensus made between the clergymen and the devout followers of the Coptic Church before you and me were born that the Bible was meant for selected few and reading and comprehending the Bible was an impossible feat for the “ordinary” you and me. Adding this sort of misled thinking to the ubiquitous illiteracy Ethiopia had going on, bigots and fanatics were loose and moseying unchecked. Anyone seen with the Bible would be labeled a Protestant and immediately ostracized. Preaching was a serious transgression that was punishable – being smote down with clubs and stones by lynch mobs.
Having brought up in a house devoid of orthodoxy religious formalities and strictures, I believed wholeheartedly in the opinion which I made an intro of when addressing the mass gathered at the extension of the church – our lunchroom by weekdays and a holy ground on weekends. That the school should be awarded for its “unorthodox” methodology that should be implemented by every junior and high schools across Ethiopia. To elaborate, the school mainly used the Bible… stories in the Bible to engrave moral values in the tabula rasa heads of the children and help unlock the innate faculty that identified right from wrong instead of agitating the young minds with impositions of strict regulations and beleaguering them… us with the long-standing traditions of corporal punishments and other heavy disciplinary actions most schools exercised. Those types of corrective measures either familiarize or goad youngsters to resort to insubordination and violence. 
“Ask your children or better yet ask Principal Getachew, if you doubt to take a 12-year old girl’s word for it. There’s never been a report of theft by or on students on school ground. There’s never been a report of students copying from each other during an ongoing test. There’s never been a report of fight that broke among students calling for the presence of parents. This is our day-care where teachers are our guardians. This is our school where teachers are our confidants. This is our world where teachers are our mentors. Help us save our school. Help us save our world.” 
Ignited with my impassioned speech, parents shot to their feet deafening the multi-tasking shade with resounding applauses and whistles. My job was done. The spark has spread into a wild-fire overtaking everyone’s hearts in a matter of seconds! I don’t believe anyone needed time to contemplate having to put their signature on the copies of the spreadsheets being circulated after I was finished. We were able to raise 8,978 signatures, including students’. Ofcourse, the school didn’t hear back from either of the supposed letter-terminus concerning the letter! Gash Getachew disclosed in one of the school’s monthly meetings that the officer responsible for the unauthorized directive was transferred to a different position. I wonder how the school was faring now that the secularist enactment has been passed that stated schools ought to be free of any influences of religious teachings. 
Pulling that off made me feel I was destined to do greater things in life. I had the world on my side, so I believed. Today it was this world. Tomorrow, who knew… it could be the whole world. 
2004 was my last year at the junior school. I vowed it would have be the highlight of my stay at the school thus far. My schedule was already filled to the brim since the start of the academic year. My co-editorial staff, also junior high English teacher was away on maternity leave and I was managing the magazine by myself. I had made rather several oral and formal and written requests about the vacant position that needed to be filled and also the next-in-line junior student to be assigned in my stead. Although not by design, most of the clubs such as science clubs, book club, drama club, debate team, media (mini media and magazine) and so on had student-presidents from graduating classes. And, it was the norm for said students to go over training layouts with junior volunteers sooner than later to help for a smoother transition once they hand over the reins by the end of school year. But I wanted a quicker transition. I was one of the GC committee and I had to see the actuality of the promised yearbook-extraordinaire I had already tendered the format to to the concerned parties – Linguistics and Literature Department and the principal. Everyone knows yearbooks come at a price and what I had in mind was estimated at double the price of last year’s and I needed to raise quite a sum. I wasn’t worried. I had come prepared. I mean that was pretty much what I had been working on the whole summer. Our regular sponsors needed to be contacted while exploring new ones. Carnivals needed to be organized and soccer-games between schools needed to be arranged and I had worked out the perfect time-table that’d keep the school grounds busy. I made rounds and collected pro forma invoices of nearby cafés who could supply us with snacks and soft drinks during a match guaranteed to bring in the dough. I had the schedules and price lists filed with the mock-up of the yearbook I handed personally to the aforementioned interest groups. Would you have thought of me as being overly arrogant if I believed the school ought to give in to my proposal? The school’s been designated to host the district’s school-day of 2004 where higher to middle rung officials and people from all sorts of walks of life were expected to swarm the school’s perimeter by the end of May. Coincidence or fate? Using that to my advantage, I had attached in my dossier to hold the final soccer game on that precise date. The school principal stressed that we were going to have to dazzle them, and dazzle him I would. 
Then I died in the middle of the night, one ordinary night, 2004, at the early age of 13.
Confusing?! I have also worried my numbed head trying to come up with the best of explanations to describe my condition… situation. All I know for sure is I’ve been traipsing in life without aim or direction ever since. It’s discombobulating to say the least that no-one seem to notice or care that I‘ve died… on that unfortunate night. I feel very much dead. Do you think this is what the Catholic Church actually means with “souls in limbo”? If anything, I bet I’m more like the zombies in the series “the walking dead”. After so many failed attempts, I’m now waiting in vain for a knight to plant me with the “kiss of death”, ax and free me from this rotting body I’m held grounded and forced to trudge along. Yes, I walk, duh. That surprised you? I‘m a hygiene-freak too, courtesy of having been wronged and defiled by people who shouldn’t. I sure hope it’d kill off the foul aroma of putrid flesh following my body trails. Some say there’re worse things than death, I think this is it!
Five years later, I’m in a hotel room I do not remember signing in with a man… and from my earlier brief glimpse, a man in the buff, who was in a hurry to quench a morning stiffy with a drink-intoxicated zonked out chick. I wish I felt something. I tried to but there’s just nothing. Devoid of emotions. I needed so much to feel… to suffer the excruciating pain this body’s surely going through or should be going through. For Christ’s sake, I’ve been raped and I feel nothing! Zero, nada, zilch. Alright, alright, you got my point. Let me try this… Who knows how many times he was doing it to me while I was out? It worked. I didn’t even realize the blood-curdling wail was coming from me until he said what he said next. “Hey! I didn’t do anything! You took off your clothes by yourself!” He leapt off the bed and made a grab for his trousers. I wanted to scream at the top of my voice that that didn’t mean I wanted to sleep with him. “You said you wanted it!” He screeched in that distinct lilt folks in Gondar spoke. I had stopped screaming. Great, just fucking great! I swallowed down the indignant retort that rose to my lips alongside the bile that shot to my already alcohol-scorched throat. I heard him huffing and puffing presumably he was donning on his clothes and shoes and he shuffled to my side of the bed.
My eye! My heart dropped and smashed into smithereens. I knew the spineless pig! I’ve seen him two weeks ago sniffing around some floozies from Faculty of Business and Economics at a party thrown by… by… Did I crush the party? I don’t remember. I was hot and cold. Even my eyes have recognized today’s calamitous end of yesterday’s primrose path and closed down the flood-gates. It dawned on me that he knew what he was doing when he was doing who he was doing. I looked around desperate for a bathroom. I could see none. This time I couldn’t hold it down and spewed up beer-G&T-tequila mixed digestive swill all over the carpet. 
“Are you okay?” 
Miserably, I dragged my askew-positioned legs close to my body and hid my face between my knees and sent a silent adieu to the last dregs of my reputation.    
“It’s 10:45.” He whispered. “Check out is at 11:00.”
Yet, it never stopped you from trying to get an encore of last night’s action, did it?!
I looked up at him through my wet eye-lashes from where it looked as though I’m stuck to the god-knows-when-it-got-cleaned-last mousy carpet. Did I really beg him for it? Did I put out? His eyes were glued to me as if he was taking mental images of the girl he had scored with last night without trying. Perhaps he was calculating the damage I might cause if I’d go to the police or something. And that’s one heck of a foolish move. Even I knew that. Him being a local and me being acknowledged as an infamous party animal, it’d be his word against mine. Oh God, people must have seen us. Gondar’s such a small town, I’m sure the rumors have already reached most ears by now. 
“I want to get dressed.” I croaked through clenched jaws.
He looked hesitant for few seconds and then turned and swaggered across the room towards the door. He left without making a single sound that I had to look up to make sure he had really gone. I don’t think he even afforded me with a backward glance as he hastened to make a quick getaway. I don’t know what I expected. An apology? For him to blow me a kiss? Perhaps a thank-you card? At last, I was left alone with the tolerable presences – Ms. Familiar Eerily Quiet and Ms. Cold Inner-self. The former just stands at a corner looking at me thoughtfully. She never utters a word. The latter one has always her back towards me and has a razor-sharp tongue that could slice up a hair strand. Ha-ha, I know what you must be thinking… Mariam’s a nutcase. Just read on, would you? Believe me though when you’ve gone through what I went through, you would be forging your own world.
Anyhow, I wanted to jump to my feet and lock the door after him. I was not afraid he’d come back. I just wanted to close myself off and never be seen again. It’s weird how my brain was all prompt-commands – ‘do this!’ and ‘do that!’ while my body wanted to crawl under the bed and curl up into a ball. Maybe the cleaners wouldn’t notice. The knock at the door jolted me into a frenzy of action. I limped to the bed and climbed between the rumpled sheets.
“Miss, are you checking out?”  
“No, I’m staying in.” I called out sounding so strong… normal, without the slightest fear of the pitch-dark haze of hollowness I was drifting in… or the emotional turmoil I sure wished I was exhibiting. I’m being offered a chance to act all hysterical and go berserk, a chance I never had when alive. But I let go. I concede. I accept. That’s me. This road, I have already trod on – back and forth, again and again. Everything is as it’s supposed to be. 
“Do you want the room to be cleaned?” How the hell did she know there’s a female in the room?
“No, thank you.”
I peeled off the cover slowly as soon as I heard the sound of her footsteps in the hall going dimmer. I didn’t know what awaited me. I stared at the blood-streaked sheet with a calmness I never thought I had in me. The proof of my defilement. Fuck anyone who said I was a drama queen. It looked like a manslaughter gone wrong. Blood was here and there. I’m definitely gonna have to hand-wash the sheets before I clear out. And there’s… the closing act of the expelled vomitus. I stood aside and pulled down my panties an inch. I was done with my period and I had worn a light sanitary pad just to be on the safe side. I was a mess. Who in their right mind would force themselves on a passed out girl wearing a sanitary pad? Necrophiliac person isn’t just a fictitious character, is it? Suddenly, I was surrounded with smoky-white clouds and I couldn’t breathe. My body shut down without a forewarning.
…
Ahhh… I fainted. I found myself lying prostrate and in close contact with the carpeted floor for the second time that morning. Maybe I ought to order me Miss Pittypat’s smelling-salts. I struggled to my feet but the stabbing pain to my head and arm halted my jerky movements. I raised my pain-free arm to my hairline and felt a slippery wetness. There was blood on my fingers. I reckoned I must have hit my head over the edge of the bed in my ungracious gravity-fall. I hurt. I hurt all-over. Yup, today is tear-fest day. I felt an unlicensed single tear rolling down my face, closely followed by its mates. I don’t know how long I stayed on my knees bawling my eyes and nose out. Alright, I had run out of tears five minutes into it really. It was just dry heaves and racking sobs. I guess my brain must have confused the order or have been confused by the order. It could also be I am too dehydrated with so much liquor in my system and there’s the mess of fluids that oozed out of me in the last 12 hours or so. Plus, I hadn’t had anything healthy since lunch yesterday when I met a senior dorm-mate and joined her in a celebratory drinking spree. Where the fuck was she? Some friend she is! 
I looked around for my jeans and my bleary eyes zoomed in on it next to my bag perched on the table by the half-curtained window. I crawled ahead and rose to my feet leaning on a creaking wooden chair with criss-crossing rawhide for a seat that gave it the impression of being made in the days of yore. Probably “indigenous and contemporary” was the look the hotelier tried for with the antique-looking chair, oil paintings of Queen Sheba and her entourage while in her journey to Israel to visit the wise King Solomon and his flourishing kingdom on a processed hide hanging by the bed and the unique home-spun multi-color-striped curtain made by weavers from Gamo, southwest of Ethiopia. The big mahogany bed, elaborate closet and thick carpet are definitely imports. I peeked out of the window. My view was blocked with unkempt shrubs and tall trees. Instinctively, I grabbed my bag and rummaged for my change purse. I had taken out the money my parents had wired via the bank yesterday. My money was intact. I could pay for the room. I think. I still didn’t know where I was. I looked again and took out a plastic bag of clean underwear and toiletries I always carry around in my handbag. I didn’t deny that I’m a party animal! My one and only rule before going out was to reserve a room. I didn’t need to doll myself up or look my best because I don’t ever date. I go out to forget what I had become, not to score.
Obviously, I didn’t think yesterday’s innocent invitation in daylight to celebrate my roomie’s being informed she has achieved the grade that qualified her as one of the few minions of the understaffed and overcrowded referral hospital in Gonder next year – would lead to this. 5th year medicine students are subject to competency examinations at year-ends held at each ward by external renowned specialists and subspecialists and having to present the final round – “the defence” before pronounced eligible to being the over-worked and under-paid underlings – interns. I had politely accepted my least favorite drink, beer, which thankfully got quickly upgraded to my poison, G & T, interspersed with shots of tequila. I should have set a limit to when one after the other of the slug of the extra-hard liquor made its way to our table from admirers. What was I thinking? I know there’s not such a thing as free drinks. Oh shit! What did I do? Where was she? I fished out my phone. The battery’s dead. I plugged the charger into my phone and hooked it to the outlet on the wall.
I needed to shower, ASAP. I felt as though I soiled myself. I need to find the common toilet. I picked up a towel I found draped over the back of the squeaky chair and a tiny plastic-wrapped bar of soap on the table – the only hotel accommodation you’re likely to find here. Where’s here? Places people generally sign in for one-night stands or secret trysts… or a place where chicken-shit of a man hauls off dead-drunk chick to do whatever. I dunno. I wound the towel around my waist and let my feet slip into a pair of large size flip-flops I saw peeking under the bed. Ask me again and I’d completely deny ever wearing a hotel-room towel even if the marked stiffness proves it just got out of laundry. Obviously they haven’t yet heard of laundry softeners. You’d be covered with my spittle while I’m trying to swear that I had never, if you ever mention the slippers. 

Chapter One
1994, Addis Abeba, Ethiopia 
Aster
You birthed me – forgot about me; you remembered me – threw me into the lions’ den.
Gedion and Helen returned home one early evening and they had brought with them a scrawny-looking girl in a frumpy dress. The girl had a scarf tied down her head and she was wearing a polyester coat buttoned up all the way and a skirt made of the same material and she talked funny. Most words she uttered had appended lele as a suffix that gave them a distinctive rhyme. Noah thought it was hilarious. Gedion claimed it’s a dialect of east Tigray that included the girl’s birthplace, Quiha. It’s a small town at the outskirts of Mekele – the provincial city of Tigray region. Mariam’s young mind didn’t even register the strange patois. She was rather disconcerted by the fact the stranger was sat too close to her daddy. Newsflash - their father said Aster is their sister – older sister. The new girl indeed has Gedion’s big eyes and the distinctive narrower bridge and hawkish nose he inherited from his Egyptian clergy descent on his father’s side – there could be no question as to the relationship between the man of the house and the lass.
Ethiopia had long been assigned Egyptian popes up to emperor Haileselassie I’s reign. The lower ranking clergies and the entourages must have joined in a holy matrimony with the locals for it’s not unusual occurrence to spot natives in Tigray bearing the well-defined Semitic features and/or straight hair due to the latter days intermingling as opposed to the earlier times that took place before and during Aksumite kingdom estimated to have existed since before 100 AD to late 6th or early 7thcentury. History tells us the Egypt Coptic Church had benefited from Ethiopian Church’s dependency to get safety and security in Egypt against attacks from radical Islamic militants. Without a doubt, having such power over the then Ethiopia’s official religion must have acquired them albeit a precarious one, a diplomatic position over the controversy that revolved around the Ethiopia-originating soil-rich river, namely Blue Nile, between the two countries. The last king of Ethiopia must have done quite a negotiation for the Coptic Church of Alexandria to grant Ethiopia’s corresponding Church, the former Abyssinian Church’s request to go independent. Ethiopia appointed the very first indigenous Patriarch in 1951. 
“Daddy, what’s her name?” It was probably the hundredth time Mariam was asking. “Aster. It’s Aster.” Gedion has already made the introductions – his older son, Noah, who soon lost interest and went off somewhere, was nine years old, the youngest daughter and the one who was watching the newcomer curiously, Mariam, was four years old and the newborn boy is Micah, and Aster, the new girl, has just turned 14. Mariam’s befuddled eyes returned back to Aster. Aster stiffened and glowered mighty-fierce at Mariam. The brat didn’t know what was coming for her. Unnerved by the unpleasant countenance, Mariam gave Aster the taste of her own medicine and scowled back. Aster ignored the brat who was mocking her by making a funny imitation of her and her eyes wandered off to the impressive sight before her. 
The living room/dining room was bright with two dazzling artwork of chandeliers hanging overhead at opposite ends of the room and small light fixtures secured high up on each side of the walls. A halo of thick teal colored drapes bounded the wide window casements put up on tangentially adjacent sides giving the room a grand look. The space that the living room occupied accommodated four one-seater sofas and two love-seats, one of which her father and Aster were seated on, arranged in a tidy order about a glass coffee-table. Infront of this arrangement is a set that had multiple partitions but only a 14-inch TV rightfully occupied the spacious top shelf while the rest was bedecked with family pictures in frames. A mahogany dining table with eight padded seats took up a larger portion of the room. Stuffed hassocks with patchworks of mock-leather casing lined the wall next to a tall glass cabinet that stood in the background displaying different delicate-looking gleaming silverwares and collection of sets of china cups and plates and crystals. The lower cabinet was stacked with local and imported alcoholic drinks. An expansive bookshelf overladen with tomes of vast assortments of books mainly philosophical, theological and scholarly and other compilations covered a wide span of one side of the off-white painted wall. What came next was way out of place that it fitted perfectly the profile for an eye-sore in the tastefully furnished room. A queen-sized bed overtook one side of a corner stretching between the side-door that opened to the hallway and all the way to the front entrance door. 
Except for the kids’ laughter drifting in from somewhere nearby, the whole house was dead silent. Instinctively, Aster drew nearer to her father who had dozed off the second he laid back his head on the sofa. Suddenly she was seized with pang of nostalgia and her lips trembled. She didn’t want to be here – without her friends and so far away from the loud and jovial uncles and aunts. She was really going to miss her eccentric grandmother whose barks were worse than her bite Aster spent most of her days with… and her mother, Fiyameta. She has promised to whisk Aster right back if she didn’t like it here. “Just one phone call”, Fiyameta has vowed repeatedly. Perhaps it might as well be the tela speaking but she could well afford to give her mother the benefit of the doubt who had taken care of her till now. 
Aster peeked at the man who sired her, the man she started hearing a lot about lately. Ofcourse, she knew of him… his existence since she can remember but he had become a hot topic as of the day Fiyameta made the announcement of her father’s invitation to live with him. He had even taken the bigger part of the frequent squabbles between her mother and grand-mother. As days approached her leave-taking, Aster made it her habit to scrutinize those black and white pictures her mom whipped out when in bad mood and no-one was around. Aster has managed to pilfer one special picture. It was of Gedion holding her older brother, Yohannes, when he was three. She wished it was her in her father’s strong embrace but that too would soon be followed with her admonishing herself. She couldn’t possibly be jealous of a boy who died of a smallpox epidemic. Hard that she tried, she couldn’t find any resemblance between her and the debonair man who had on well-fitting formal suit and dark classy shades. Yet, here she was and right next to her was her father spread out and snoring lightly, looking huge and intimidating with his safari jacket and cargo pants. And still Aster found it impossible to believe that this handsome and obviously a wealthy man is indeed her biological father.
…
Meskerem 17
Gee, Aster was really going to the big city to her father! It was with mixed feelings of excitement, doubt and panic that Aster took in the sudden but much-longed for news. Her mother updated everyone gathered up at Adey Zimita’s domicile. Although the entitlement Adey is used to label women of certain age in general, it literally means mother in Tigrigna. Her children had all come up to celebrate Meskel – a religious holiday celebrated on Meskerem 16 and 17 to commemorate a quest in the past conducted by a queen and her retinues in search of the True Cross Jesus Christ was crucified on. It had become a rarity for Aster’s uncles, aunts and cousins to be present under the same roof. Nearly all have moved out of Quiha to burgeoning towns and cities in search of jobs and better lives. It was as though they had a prior knowledge of the would-be major turning point in Aster’s life – the way everyone showed up the same day as her father’s offer. They had just finished eating Adey’s specialties: mutton stew soused in clarified butter and dulet – a seasoned delicacy of minced tripe, kidney and liver – medium-done. Martha, Adey’s middle daughter and a mother of two was bequeathed with the honor of making a ceremonial coffee. Clay-made coffeepot and demitasses were arranged atop heavily decorated rekebot on a freshly cut grass in front of her traditional fetli-bedecked-self. A mountain of pop-corn was piled on an embroidered sef’i ready to be served soon as the coffee was handed around. Incense smoldered at a corner, the smoke swirling with a life of its own encircling each one of the occupants in a misty nimbus and adding zing to the vibe of the festivity. Like a 90’s music clip. In between chats with her children and grandkids, Adey’s disapproving glare kept on straying over to the blazing coal stove. One should never rush the process of making coffee. Martha was roasting coffee beans on a menkeshkesh – coffee roasting pan with one hand while the other hovered with a straw-fan standing by in case the fire showed a sign of weakening. Martha was definitely in a hurry to get done coffee sooner. She and her little girl had a long way to go. Sleeping over at her mother was quite unthinkable after her husband mauled her that one time she thought it was okay to do so.
Everyone except the children that came accompanying their respective parents was imbibing sewa – a house-made local drink. It‘s made from fermented malt-grains and an intoxicant leave known as geso mixed in to make it potent. After the initial hubbub and Adey’s caustic hiss of how gallant of him to have remembered his daughter who’s turned the pubescent age of 14, the conversation had been stirred clear of Gedion and they were discussing issues concerning changes in the military structure. Coming out victorious against the 17 years of battle with the Derg regime, TPLF (Tigray People’s Liberation Front) discharged tens of thousands of Tigray fighters after the end of war with hardly adequate compensations and quite a lot of them were leading lives far worse than they ever were. Most sacrificed almost two decades of their lives in the jungle and only few had higher education while the rest had dropped classes from primary and secondary schools and colleges to join the revolutionaries. They had no set of skills or taken special trainings except those of necessary to uphold TPLF’s cause and the seemingly endless guerilla warfare. Youngsters who cut their teeth on Kalashnikovs and bazookas were struggling to make sense of coulters and blades while the older ones just picked up where they left off as if there was no lapse and got down to plowing on lands that have been neglected for decades. Were they counted in as possible collateral damages – cannon fodders? 
Fiyameta interjected, “Ahwatey, you’re missing the silver lining. Ethiopia is made of 8o-something ethnicities and Gedion believed it needed the effort and struggle of each tribe out of which the majority believed in united Ethiopia and re-create a country worthy of fighting and dying for. He always said struggle makes history. Struggle builds belongingness. Struggle marks birthrights. Look at Abdul-Mejid, impressed and having been part of Ethiopian people’s united movement born against the feudal system and later Derg, he is currently working towards merging Ogaden to Ethiopia rather than Islamic Mogadishu. The movement that gave birth to EPRP. The movement that gave birth to Oromiya Liberation Front. The movement that gave birth to Tigray People’s Liberation Front and other more than ten liberals. Yes, yes, you’re probably going to say that there have always been opposition groups against governing systems. But they were mostly found on local problems and had short-term plans and not to mention the afflictions of self-interest, a case of dog eat dog going rampant among themselves and lack of hindsight or the inability to learn from mistakes their predecessors made impeding any progress. These latter fronts have reinforced their fights with an ideology that would probably last awhile. Communism is what you go see at a museum. The world’s platform has changed to free-market based capitalism. Got side-tracked… We’ve all heard the attempt on Abdul-Mejid’s life in Addis Abeba by Ogaden’s Liberation Front who is against the unification of Ogaden with Ethiopia. And I’m sure there’ll be more of that in the future. Will he fall prey to those sorts of pressures and the mass who are pro Islamic Mogadishu, despite the fact that disorder also prevails there? Again, would a one-man claim as to their future sway the lot? Only time will tell. Right now though, Abdul-Mejid believes he can work with TPLF to bring about peace and growth in Ogaden. Anyhow, TPLF will have their work cut out for them if they go ahead with this federation thing. And it’d be their imminent demise if they don’t. Gedion always said in a country such as Ethiopia, a military born of one race will ofcourse liberate its own people but will soon be likened to a captor rather than a victor if it continued with that same structure at a nation level. And that if TPLF wins, it needed to unite with other fronts that had been struggling to liberate their people who are willing to work together. Believe me, TPLF had no choice except to let go of its own long-standing gems and re-build the defense army comprising of each ethnic group. Gedion would call this evil but a necessary one nonetheless, TPLF can’t avoid.” 
Everyone was drawn into stunned silence. No-one has ever heard Fiyameta speak in such deep and analytical way – even if it was possible she was iterating from the sounds of it what the highly politicized Gedion might have told her. Fiyameta loved over-sharing about the men she is/was “married” to when she has an audience. Oh and when she was in one of her moods and sewa got her there fast. And she didn’t care if they wanted to hear it or how many times they’ve heard it. Adey was the only one who seemed under compulsion to lend an ear as whim-based or alcohol-spurred Fiyameta gabbed nineteen to dozen. But curiously so, Fiyameta has always been vague about Aster’s biological father – Gedion. It could be Fiyameta’s way of protecting Aster from Adey’s rather uncouth comments she would surely throw around about Gedion with or without Aster’s presence. Perhaps now that he sent for his daughter, she thought it was somewhat fitting to reminisce about him. 
“Mama, what’s he like?”
No-one mistook Aster whom she was referring to. If it was possible Fiyameta didn’t have their undivided attentions earlier, she definitely had it then. Adey was transfixed by the sight unveiling right infront of her as her oldest daughter looked transformed before her eyes as the ahead-of-its-time wrinkle over her daughter’s forehead and the crow feet surrounding her once arresting sloe eyes seemed to disappear and she looked attractive and younger than her 39 years. Adey turned white in the next second as it dawned on her oldest daughter was still languishing in an unrequited love for the butter-wouldn’t-melt-in-his-mouth rogue. It stood to reason why Fiyameta could never stay long enough with any man. She fell in love easily and got bored quickly. In no time, the list of complaints against the oblivious love-struck man piles up and finally Adey would resign trying to talk Fiyameta out of ending it as though she has not given her advice against the speeded up marriage in the first place. Next thing the contented bridegroom-still-counting-his-blessings knew, he was tossed out without the slightest of clues and all his belongings in the carryall or whatever bag he brought them in parked neatly outside the saloon. Thanks to both Fiyameta and Adey Zimita’s patrons who are from the nearby camp, not one of the jilted lovers dared raise a ruckus. It was like no man could be a match for her. All the while, the hussy had been rather busy with comparing the local men, peasants and farmers, with him. Adey felt winded with the web of trickery her daughter had managed to pull over her eyes. If indeed that was the case, Gedion’s been nothing but a stumbling block in her daughter’s life thus far. It was foolish as it was risky if by sending her daughter, Fiyameta hoped to bridge the gap and reignite whatever she thought Gedion had for her. Fiyameta was playing with fire at her own daughter’s peril. It was mandatory that Adey shows her the huge flaw in the plan. This was not even a plan. It was mission impossible. A future with this… Gedion is no longer a possibility, if ever.
…
Gedion is one of a kind, sophisticated man who’s bearing you simply admired and make you want to be on his side or feared and avoided altogether. Known for his work ethic, he toiled alongside the wage earners – rain or shine. He never looked down on her, a maid, or the workers he had given lodgings to on the premises. A fountain of knowledge – you only have to come with a topic and he’d go over it in detail till you forgot it was you who initiated the conversation in the first place. Several times, he used to talk to them about the social, economic and political ideologies of socialism and why it was necessary to bring it to the decadent system of feudal Ethiopia. It was what every youth, city and the rural, ate and breathed at the time but in due course, she learnt that he was more than just an enthusiast. 1977, the Derg declared “red terror” on anyone that had stood in its way and all hell broke loose in Ethiopia and Fiyameta finally got the whole picture of who truly Gedion was underneath his formal get-ups – corduroy jackets and trouser suits.
What started as anti-feudal demonstrations by high-school students and teachers across Ethiopia and Haileselassie university students and scholars with “land to the tiller” slogans and demands for democracy and justice was picked up by strikes and protest marches of frustrated civil servants, factory workers, private-company employees and self-employed folks and housewives with the costly living standards. Those and what soon followed were the harbingers of the downfall of the degenerate monarch system. The Muslim society made a huge public rally against religious oppressions and iniquitous land apportionment and possession. There was an old platitude with “The sky has no mast, the Muslim no land”. It wasn’t a genetic disposition or endowment that the Muslim in Ethiopia opted for trade and eventually came out being dominant in commerce and business. The exacerbated drought and famine with the staggering rise in number of death tolls in the northern Ethiopia, Tigray and Welo, made it to the public eyes and ears in 1973. Gone was the age-old proverb “the sky can’t be ploughed, kings can’t be impeached”, the nation couldn’t wait to be rid of the cold-hearted and supercilious emperor and his officials. The boycotts and mutiny by divided, underpaid and mismanaged military force wouldn’t be pacified by varied increase in salary. A committee, later known as Derg, was put together by officers from police and military units in the name of aiding the emperor and sent to Addis Abeba. The team took matter into their own hands and started taking actions against the emperor’s administration by demoting officials and replacing them with their own appointed people. The committee confiscated the emperor’s private companies which were estimated with annual net profit of more than 10 million ETB and were made to run under the government. September 12, 1974, it was broadcasted the official dethronement of Haileselassie I and that a temporary military government led by Derg who suddenly found religion in the name of communism was in command. 
All too soon, the new regime banned all rallies, peaceful or otherwise. Immediately student councils and leagues and university student unions shed their milk-teeth and formed bigger socialist organizations that came out bearing names like EPRP and MEISON calling forth Civilian Provisional Government and the right of nations to self-determination up to secession. Turning deaf ear to the supplications, Derg proposed they all come together and work for a better Ethiopia under a new coalition party –United Democratic Front. While the latter accepted Derg’s call to merge hailing it kudos – that it’d be diagnostic and critical to its growth, EPRP declined the invitation. EPRP believed that the Derg had to comply and apply the prevailing and safeguarding of democratic rights of nations and nationalities across Ethiopia, the sin qua non before planning to launch such alliance. EPRP’s name promptly got bumped up to number one in both Derg and MEISON’s black books.
Derg who sang the mantra during its ascent to seize power in 1974 “Without blood, Ethiopia to the fore; with right-mindedness, her flaws will take a fall” had officials of the previous feudal system slain mercilessly without going through trial. Cabinet misters, province administrators, and officers with different ranks, altogether 60 officials including General Aman Andom, non-Derg but the temporary chairperson of Derg who took his life after giving a good fight when surrounded and asked to surrender. They were all put in the ground in one bulldozed hole inside the main prison known as Kerchele. 
Abolished was the sovereign rule, succeeded by Fascist Derg – the judiciary and the executioner, all in one interrogation room. Derg and MEISON cadres raided houses and dragged members belonging to their main opponent, EPRP, to interrogation rooms/ abattoirs and tortured them brutally to spill the beans on fellow members. It went on like a domino effect seemingly unstoppable. Women were gruesomely brutalized and raped. Battered and bullet-savaged corpses started appearing at doorsteps of their kin at crack of dawn. Those who survived the macabre grilling and whom Derg had no more use for were taken away and gunned down at remote areas. Family members, who located said camps where their children were taken to, forked over for the price of the bullet it took to assassinate their children in exchange for their bodies. The blood-thirsty cadres cleansed the streets off the budding youngsters and the cream of the crop and baptized Ethiopia with the blood from the carnage. 
Suddenly Fiyameta felt like she was living with two different persons. By day, Gedion was the honest-to-God hard-working man who managed his and his father’s business and by night no-one knew where he disappeared to. He stayed out most nights and she’d spend the whole night worrying. He never left his bedroom unlocked no longer than she needed to make the bed or the room cleaned, even if she has never seen anything that shouldn’t be there. The stealth mode he kept in his comings and goings unnerved her to such extent that she started contemplating leaving the first best thing she and her son came upon since setting foot in Gimbi, 1976. Late one afternoon the house was surrounded by Derg’s henchmen– Nebelbal. Gedion was at the warehouse at the back building dispatching customer’s orders. The house was ransacked top to bottom but they couldn’t find what they were looking for. Not even the “off-the-record” incriminating evidence of being found with money in the cash registry that made café owners – Melaku and his wife, executed in cold-blood. Having been found with 75,000 ETB, they were killed and their corpses were made to be displayed in the middle of the street with a bottle of whiskey and a plaque that read “imperialist” wedged between the bodies. Ofcourse, the money didn’t make it to evidence room. The nation had descended into virtual anarchy. 
After getting a wind of each one of the subzone members under him getting picked up and taken out in just one night, Gedion knew his imminent seizure was in the cards. He had been well prepared. He had secretly called forth a cousin to take over the business while in his absence and possibly his demise. The armed unit took him away shoving and butting him with their AK-47 rifles to a temp station they put up furthest from the town. At first, the team leader informed him that he already knew about every single cell and sub-zone members. He just needed him to ascertain some of the names so as not to make the wrong move on innocent souls. “You’ll all be given pro-Derg trainings – that’s it!” The honeyed and placating speech didn’t take much to turn sour and hostile as Gedion insisted he knew nothing except for the insides of his father’s shop. Changing tactics, another interrogator started to grill him with questions of how it all worked and who were what. That soon followed with two days of gruesome beatings. Third day, the head-cadre had Gedion hung upside down on dislocated and fractured legs and thrashed him with an iron rod but Gedion kept mum. He spent the next several days drifting in and out of consciousness. It was rumored that the interrogator was paid off a huge sum by Baba Paulos, Gedion’s father, just to have Gedion transferred to the main prison and await his impending death sentence. Truth is no amount of money could have saved him… except Col. Ejigu, a brass hat in the Derg and one of the top-dogs in the chain of commands and long-time friend of Gedion’s family. He had a soft spot for Gedion. Born sterile, he had always been envious of Baba Paulos of his first son - Gedion.
“Having endured the traumatic and mind-numbing experience and narrowly escaped the “executioner’s chair” changed Gedion as a man. He had seen his comrades being reduced to nothing as they were heinously tortured, carved up and burnt and blown away at point-blank shots. He had needed time to recuperate as the very idea of humanity and who he thought he was as a human-being plummeted and crashed into ashes.”
“Was he broken by what had happened to him?” Amanuel, her youngest brother, asked in a hushed tone as though he was afraid to break the mood. Everyone was mesmerized by the mind-blowing story while at the same time doing a bit of soul-searching of what they would have done in face of such danger. 
“No, that was the thing. When he came back to Welega after his recovery time in Addis Abeba it took for his cigarette burns across his head, fractured jaws, broken ribs and legs to mend, it was not only his smart suits that changed to khaki ones. He spoke different. He walked different. Even his hand writing changed. He came out a different man. He kept saying there was nothing anyone should take for granted. Anyhow, he didn’t think he’d get out of prison alive. Yet he did.”
Fiyameta looked sad and distant while she made the following confession. “When I found out I was with a child, taking heed to a false friend and her devious advices, biding my time, I disappeared with his furniture and a stash of money from his safe-place. I was later informed that he didn’t file a report. Two years later, I made contact with him and he granted my request for child support without so much as question it and wired me money regularly.”
Adey exclaimed in her characteristic vociferous way, “Bah! He indeed knew about your condition… he must have known you were carrying his child when you took off and didn’t bother to go after you or ask why you did what you did or even ask after the child’s welfare or whereabouts. Did he ask for the gender of the child?”
It was amazing Adey had been able to contain herself as long as she did. It was uncanny how she never failed to grasp any opportunity to hate on most men. Alright, all men with the exception of her dear departed husband, Ayay Gere-meskel. It was as if her life depended on it. And when she’s started, there was no stopping her. But this time, she looked different. Her hackles were at full mast. Her headscarf had slid back showing off the matted mane of her albaso she got braided for New Year’s, three weeks ago. The discolored skin across her high cheeks and straight nose with overactive melanocytes looked more pronounced against her ebony complexion. Her expressive eyes were filled with a foreboding of some kind. 
Adey continued condescendingly “He ain’t nothing special. He’s just like the rest of the men who have egos and pricks for brain. A snob masquerading as modern-day elite who does and follows what his bourgeois father and his long line of feudal-worshiping ancestors! Boot-lickers who have adopted the mock-commandments from mes-addled tax collectors bursting with raw steaks and cutlets with money divested from the poor. Hogwash, them and their principles! They call a man nobody if he doesn’t have royalty in his blood, or hasn’t got an honorary prefix stuck to his bottom. They join forces to close off doors if someone’s trying his luck at a new business while they own chains of stores and many businesses amassing profits. The packrats! Landgrabbers! Men that make subjugate of fully grown adults and turn them into emasculated vassals – a shell of themselves. They’d rather see any man and his family fall apart with destitution, own his land and him and his family as lieges. A fate far worse than death many choose to flee from than live through this dreadful doom forsaking their wives and children without a means to survive. The females would end up being handmaids. I wouldn’t be surprised if on the Mistress’ time of the month or change of life, the vassal’s little girls would be forced to warm their priapic, one foot in the grave lord’s bed. Without a doubt, the boys would become farmhands on their own father and forefather’s land. You’ve all heard about the son of Aboy Sahilu… the boy grew a pair and exacted vengeance and killed the cradle-snatcher and his sons and violated his girls and disappeared from the face of the earth. Most probably, he’s become a shifta. Eye for an eye – tooth for tooth. Now, that is what I call justice! 
“Artisans are outcasts who lived in segregation. Only God knows how many incidents there have been where claims of them using the “evil eyes” on innocent souls ended in “justified” gruesome executions. A woman’s a harlot if she’s seen with a man she’s not wed to or related to. If an unwedded woman chooses to be intimate with a man, lover or not, she’s the only one held responsible. I ask you, on what grounds is she the one to trudge on the walk of shame when they both done it? It takes two to tango, don’t it? Who abides and enforces the rules that emancipated said man in to not having to feel any sense of duty and ask for her hand or the obligation to compensate her for any consequences? I know, wannabes like Gedion! If the consequence is bold enough to come in the form an illegitimate child, she and her family are shunned from society. Mind you, she could get rid of it at the risk her life. Most put that option as number one. If she survived the deadly concoction she forces down and being poked at by hooks and blunted knives, the rest is pretty much written down in ink and blood. What’ll be left of a “fallen woman” after wagging tongues strip her naked and eviscerate her and her family’s name all over town? She leaves her hometown before the crack of dawn, never to look back. If having a broken heart or being a pariah won’t kill her, the tribulations of what awaits an uneducated woman from the country will surely seal the deal. Oh, if a woman gets violated, it’s more than likely it’s her fault. Men and their double-edged standards! They fuck with us and caution us not to fuck up! We’re uptight if we stick to the rules. We’re a tease if we act coy. We’re an easy-lay if we are gullible fools. We’re… there’s no winning with men – the misogynists. Uh-uh, there’s not such a thing as a special man!”Adey froths at the corners of her mouth when she gets riled up and she was now foaming as she was fuming. “Except for your dear dead father, God rest his soul!” 
She swung her head towards Aster who looked like a deer caught between oncoming traffic with her wild saucer-eyes. Adey narrowed her eyes as though she was looking straight at Gedion and his obnoxious ancestors through the petrified child’s eyes. Filled with conviction, she cursed at him and his whoresons of forefathers alongside the “backstabber” who somehow had something to do with Fiyameta fleeing from Gedion.
Although Aster couldn’t make head nor tail of what or who Adey was referring to, she was quite appalled with all those horrible things Adey gave disturbing accounts of. She couldn’t stop herself from wondering if her father had really taken part in any of it. Then, Adey glared at her own daughter with rage and disappointment and rued the day she was born. Fiyameta has always been too stubborn for her own good, full of herself and a… tramp! A tramp?! It wasn’t so long ago Aster overheard Adey calling Fiyameta a whore! Fiyameta called her back a floozy old bat under her breath even though Adey wouldn’t have heard her anyway. Her hearing was not so good. Having had enough with Adey’s frequent abusive and hurtful comments towards Fiyameta, Aster had stopped coming over her grandmother’s altogether.
Oddly, that afternoon, Fiyameta didn’t want to fight with her mother. Holidays… sewa, combined with what she’s been able to accomplish have mellowed her down. No-one had to know it was her who made Gedion feel he had no choice except to send for his daughter. How could she explain to her mother what her heart’s been saying to her… that Gedion married the dull woman out of a broken heart when she took off without as much as a goodbye. Last month, she’d sent a message that she was critically ill and there was no-one looking after their daughter. Once that plan was in progress, she’d make her next move. She couldn’t wait to see the look on Helen face as she check-mates her, the stupid bitch!
How impatient everyone looked, squirming and leg jiggling, waiting for the inevitable turn to come as Adey “roasted” each one of them with taunts and jibes too close to the bones. And then it was like a great tide hit the house as they collapsed in a fit of laughter. Aster loathed those sorts of merriments. It was truly amazing how time and distance were the magic wands that transformed unpleasant memories into ones that threatened to drown you in a tempest of sadness and longing. Each of those bittersweet moments would become treasured recollections Aster was left to do mental-replays in her head.
Aster didn’t make the connection then but it occurred to her now that Adey was referring to none other than Helen. Helen was… is the backstabber!
…
Without making a footstep sound, Genet – the house maid/nanny, garbed in a blue hair-covering and a matching apron bustled through the swinging door carrying plates and glasses and busied herself for a while laying down the table. She gave Aster the once-over as she swished by to cover the blinds. Genet disappeared through the reanimating door that opened and closed by itself making Aster stare at it suspiciously and she came out again skillfully balancing a serving dish with rolls of injera arranged attractively in one hand and a tray with steaming saucepans with the other. The delicious spicy aroma overwhelmed and beckoned the starved Aster that she was already closing on the dining table when Genet called out to no-one in particular that dinner was ready. Aster had come a long way – two whole days to be exact with little food sustenance. She can’t keep down food when traveling by a car, hence prefers to go without. Thank goodness Aster didn’t notice the dirty look Genet threw at her that would have definitely put a damper on Aster’s cavernous tummy. Maybe. 
Aster caught a gasp of wonderment at the complete transformation of the earlier frumpy woman as Helen came in to the room carrying a tiny bundle, Micah, dressed up warmly in a beautiful sky-blue wrap. Gone was the pashmina she had seen Helen shrouded in and replaced with light pink satiny night dress. Tresses of dark glossy hair were let loose cloaking her slightly exposed creamy shoulders, hanging down all the way to the small of her back. The cinched-in high-waist outfit betrayed a prominent stomach due to post-partum as she had given birth to Micah a month and three weeks ago. Aster suspected that was the reason for the beautiful woman to have the need to hide herself head to calf with that ugly brown shawl she had seen her swathed in at her work place. Fiyameta had sent Aster with an “uncle” headed to Addis Abeba and the meeting point was the shop where Helen worked at. It was a spare part shop at the heart of the city, Piasa, known for its hustle and bustle ways. As she first laid eyes on Helen, Aster had assumed the woman was just an employee not the glamorous wife of her father she had been picturing in her head. Helen’s stunning beauty surpassed anyone she’s ever seen. 
An older woman walked in lethargically through the front door followed by Mariam and Noah who were chattering boisterously rousing Gedion whose snores had become louder by the minute. Aster later learnt that she was the mother of Helen, Embeytey Abeba, the daughter of DejAzmach Asefa Wesenyeleh. A legendary warrior known throughout Tigray where ballads praising his heroism and lamenting the mystery involving his sudden death are still sung by women while they go about the humdrums of activities. Embeytey has been doing her evening prayer at the back yard when the kids told her of their parents’ early arrival and of a new girl. She greeted everyone affectionately but in a weak voice and continued towards a special looking chair and sat weary as though the exercise of walking the few distance at snail’s pace sapped her energy.
Mariam was asked to take Aster to get cleaned up and on their way to the toilet Mariam pointed to a half-opened door and volunteered the information that that room is their bedroom with three beds. She wondered loudly where Aster was going to spend the night. Aster started gnawing her lips distressed by the unwelcoming info. It was only the next day Aster saw for herself that indeed the bedroom was arranged in such a way to fit two medium sized beds for the older kids, a crib for the baby and a walk-in closet.
The children are fluent in their parent’s mother-tongue, Tigrigna, which made Aster’s adjustment to her new niche somewhat easier except for the “dry” dialect they used. She might need a bit of time to get accustomed to it. While eating their dinner, Noah picked on Aster’s melodious country accent and tried to mimic her. Everyone exploded with laughter. Aster looked daggers at Noah. Even so, the bewilderment and heavy heart that had weighed her down since her awkward send-off that consisted of her mother and grandmother advising, warning and threatening her with do’s and don’ts seemed to lift up a notch. I wouldn’t bet Mariam felt the same way. Warning-bells in her head had gone off since she laid eyes on Aster and now that her father had asked her to give up her chair next to him for the new member of the family, it clanged that life for her is never going to be the same again.
Alas, Aster is to share the distasteful bed in the living/dining room with the old woman andthe maid. As they were getting ready to sleep, the maid made a show of repulsion and scooted off to her side of the bed presumably so as not touch Aster. Aster’s sleeping-form sought vengeance and kicked her right off the bed in the middle of the night. Come morning, it was the highlight of the day. The children found it quite hilarious their beloved nanny/maid took a beating by a wee-bit Aster. 






















ChapterTwo
Registration for new students at the handful private schools, one of them being where Noah and Mariam went to, long-ended in November. Aster came to Addis at the end of September and classes had already started. Seeing that he was out of options, Gediondecided to enroll her at a nearby public school. He reasoned that Aster needed to hone her Amharic and English anyway. She came with few changes of clean but alteredclothesand plastic flatsunanimously branded as Congo, probablyafter theprime manufacturer. He bought her new ones – fitting and appropriate clothes and patent-leather shoes and trainers and books – lots of them too.
The amount of schools – government and public in Addis Abeba at that moment could not have been more than few tens that the new authority over the country continued with the shift-based learning system the previous command used but only out of desperation born with the upsurge of students that showed up to get registered. The war has ended. The Derg regime is no longer in power and there was no need for parents to hide boys from the claws of the squads known to swoop in on people’s houses unexpectedly in search of draftees or during brutalized-informantsbased takedowns. Now, parents wanted their children enrolled in school.
Aster was in the afternoon shift and her first day… rather first half-day at school wasn’t as bad as she had feared. She felt she got along much easier than she did at the house. She didn’t speak Amharic well and she had feared being ridiculed and made to be an outcast. Both Tigrigna and Amharic being successive descents of the parent Ge-ez, they share resembling words that have pretty much the same meaning while some were misleading. She had picked up plentyof wordsfrom the soldiers who frequented her mother’s saloonbut it needed a lot of polishing.But to her peers,whoseem to beamused by her blunders and stutters, she was just another Tigré among those who seem to be “overflowing” Addis since the end of the war and TPLF has controlled Addis Abeba.
It didn’t go unnoticed by her that most students in her class were taller and looked way older.Most males in her class were strapping young men with beards and the girls were rounded unlike her tinyand bony frame. The homeroom teacher made her sit at the second row, fourth bench, between two well-endowed girls who smelled strongly of sweat. To her relief, they ignored her and talked and giggled right over her head the whole first three periods. By recess, she was approached by Abiyot and Hiwet and their friends, who said they felt Aster’s misery with the girls’ sordid ways, much to Aster’s disagreement which she tried to keep to herself except perhaps her transparent face that probably betrayed her. Aster was truly glad to have been totally dismissed by the big girls. While they looked they could do with a bit of Adey’s disciplining, they were clearly in a world of their own and way out of her league. Offended by the newbie’s lack of need to agree with her – presumably the group leader, Hiwet, blurted out the girls wereinfacttalking about her the whole time. Hiwet was sat right in front of her, also between two older students – one of them being a boy or a man. It was hard to decidewhich is which once you’re both in the same class. Anyhow, Aster had tried to follow the conversation that had been going on at a rapid rate she has never heard anyone speak at and she was most certain that it had not been about her. It was all about a person called Shewaye. Hiwet and her friends cackled with laughter. Shewaye was just a street slang for a girl you’re talking about. Aster ranted and ravedand poured out expletives in Tigrigna. Her new friends were quick to cheer her up by stating and asserting that the older girls were clearly jealous of her. “Never mind them”, Hiwet continued “they look down on us so much, we need to stick together!” Aster was still fuming even as she arrived home. It was when she was about to nod off that it dawned on her what Hiwet meant by “we”. She was referring girls like them ugly ducklings whose chests had yet to fill up and had matchsticks for legs. Anyhow, that’s how Aster forged a new friendship at her new school.
As days went on, Aster came to suspect that her fast acceptance and rise to the top of the circle might have to do with being one of the few kids with actual shoes on and not the customary congo or the mended slippers, strings for slings, girls from the hood woreorthose “trendy” rubber sandals withback-straps boys normally sportedthen, known as berebaso, made at junkyards out of used-up old tires, the crisscrossing straps hooked up to the sole with 5 mm nails. It was common to see bare-footed kids or with one or two toes peeking out of size too-small shoddy shoes and who werebarely clad in threadbare hand-me-downs or tattered clotheswith a notebook or two for all subjects altogether, or just empty-handed on school grounds. And Aster was “the girl from the big house”, that big house right by the street that was fenced in with tall concrete, provided with its own water supply andlavatory fitted with toilet seats and bath-tubs which the kids were unable to picture. Someone had even asked her why they thought to install injera flour mixing-bowl in the toilet. 
Seeing how the girls listened to her embellish on her description of the ins and outs of “the big house” with rapt attention, Aster professedthat she’s infact the daughter of Gedionand an oldersister to those children everyone had heard of or seen from afar and somehow seem to be in awe of. Thing is she did look nothing like them; they were all chubby and cute and light-skinnedand she was more of a mocha latte, ample coffee than milk, in a tinier frame with the telltale signs of malnourishment. She was just “one of them” inclothes that haven’t seen days and shinier shoesand had a back-pack for actual schoolbooks. Hiwet swore on her life as she made the report to her friends that Aster actually has a note-book allotted for each subject.But Aster was so easy-going and simple… and lived in that “big house by the street” and when you have thaton your résumé, kids from this side of town would have ignoredherfaults, white lie or fantasy, which they also indulged in now and then. But still theprompt mock surpriseof her audiences said it all and she trailed offmid-sentence.She, herself,has yet to be accustomed to the big house she lived in or the idea of Gedion being her actual father. She took solace in the thought that one could still be happy with just being “the girl from the big house” if they’re already right on top of the social ladder among their clicks which she was. Besides, life at “the big house” from outside wasn’t how it actually was from the inside.
…
Aster vowed in exasperation,“That’s it! I’m no longercrawling and groveling to that loony woman who’s obviously at the wrong house. She should be locked in a madhouse or… the dog-house.”The way Genet acted wasas if the very sight of Aster remindedher of someone repulsive and ugly. Whenever Aster tries to talk to her or pass on a messagefrom either of Gedion or Helen, it’s like she’s trying to communicatewith the dog, Bobby. And Bobby has been afflicted with a virus “no-one dares say out loud” and is in a “lockdown” in his wooden dog-house, awaitingthe concerned public health officials to be put to sleep. She doesn’t even care to look her way let alone show a reaction or reply back.She mostly just grunts and growls for a reply… as if she’s saying “I heard you. Now, skip it!” and Aster does. Once, she accused Aster of spying on her and rushed her out of the kitchen. Aster was stunned.Sheadmitted to hovering in the doorway to the kitchen but it was on account of the hour approaching her time of departure and she was only trying to give her a sort of signal. Indeed school was in 30 minutes andAster was too scared to ask for lunch.Genet tossed her the usual leftovers. The next day, unusual to her routine, Genet started cleaning the house when theAster’stime to leave for school drew near and Aster had to go with an empty stomach. Thefollowing day, right on cue, Genet closed herself off with the baby. Miserably, Aster broke down into tearswhen she realized lunch was to be a thing of the past, a memory. She couldn’t cope with the emotional stress of such undeserved malice. What did she do to deserve this? She thought of thegripping hunger pang that would certainly make itself known to anyone near enough later at school and bursted out crying afresh. How was she to know what the splenetic woman had in store for her when she made that foolish gesture? That she would make her mourn over the loss of the pot-scrapings or the swill of what’s-left she ate around thus far.Genet watched from the bedroom window pleased with herself as Embeyteyhesitantly approachedthe hunched figure of Aster and tried to comfort herhelplessly by tapping on her shoulders. Genet didn’t know that she’s just awakened a monster in Aster.
Noah and Mariam returned from school around 4 pm and by the time Aster arrived at home around6 pm, they would have already eaten their snacks and are taking a nap. Aster came home ready to eat a horse… but gotgrowled at as she took a step toward the kitchen. At dinner time, Aster compensated for each meal she was mercilessly refused. She was hungry and she was going to eat; and eat, she did. She piled up the food at first round and enjoyed a second, third helping. And each time, she’d felt the heat from the stares of her step-mother and Genet who comes and goes too many times… but Aster didn’t care. If only the stomach would store.That night Genet woke the whole house up as she hollered out in pain in the wee small hours.Aster’s feethad made a direct and hard connection with Genet’s unmentionables. 
…
Helen deserved everysingle wrongdoing that’s beentranspiring at her house, Aster seethed after she happened on Helen goading on Genetwho was running her down to Gedion. Her!As far as Aster’s concerned, it was Genet who needed to stand in a witness box and prosecuted for the larceny she and her son had been committing for the last six and half years. To begin with, the maid’s son, Gu’ush, who was about Aster’s age and said to staywith relatives somewhere in the neighborhood came and went at will and spends most of his days at the house. He ate and did his laundry at the house, and Aster was sure that Helenwas unaware of that or the second and most crucial one –Gu’ush steals. The last one came straight from the reticent religiouswoman, Embeytey. She couldn’t find her expensive loom-weaved snow-white cotton wrap she wears to church only on saint’s day. Genet’s indifference to the loss of such valuable apparel made her press Aster for the task of combingthe house from top to bottom that took two whole days. Seeing that Aster came up with nothing, Embeytey called off the search. 
Later that day, as Genet left for the localmarket, the saintly woman confided that the son, Gu’ush, comes empty handed and leaves carrying a load.He must have taken it.Embetey recalled as she walked down memory lane, at the beginning of Genet’s employment,noting the uninvited child’s frequent comings and goings, she had admonished Genetseverely that she was betraying Mr. and Helen’s trust. Genet kicked up a storm, bawling and rolling her hefty-size on the then naked ground with jagged stones and pebbles. It was after Mariam was born that Gedion had it paved with terrazzo-tiles. Genet accused the old woman of looking down at her and considering her a petty thief just because she was a maid. Indeed, her being a maid was a misfortune, just like her illegitimate son. She claimed she came from parents of noble blood who owned acres of land and who have banished her when they found out she was with a child. They had only each other, she and her son. The relatives where her son stayed at expected monetary compensations for whatever provisions they made for him which she did every month without fail. “What harm will it do anyone if I do his meager laundry once a week or he eats the children’s leftovers that get thrown into the garbage anyway?”Embeytey was too ashamed and disgusted with herself for being unsympathetic andhardhearted. She had a personal experience of what it means to have-it-all once and lose everything in a blink of an eye. She had apologized profusely and swore to herself that she’ll not mention of this to her daughter or her son-in-law. 
As the saying goes, give someone an inch and they will take a mile, there have been many accounts of clothes and household goodsthat had gone missing and Helen has complained many times that they were running out of food items and house-cleaning products earlier than expected and thus having had to double up house expenses.Embeytey has lost count of the number of times she watchedGu’ushgoing into the kids’ bed presumably to take a nap or as he lumbered by carrying on bagful of stuffs when he leaves. Genet never ran out of excuses – laundry or errand her son bought or old clothes to be altered or mended. Today, it’d be a big thing if Genet even looked at Embetey straight in the eyes let alone hold a civil conversation. It’s either a sidelong glance or none at all. She throws plates and bangs pots when she decides to serve lunch. She walked around with an attitude and was always muttering something under her breath whenever she passes herby. 
Aster supposed the pilferage of the cotton-weave wrap was rather a bold move thatclearly showedGenet’s contempt for the elderly woman.No matter, thatdoesn’t seem to have swayedEmbeytey’s mind about her decision concerning having toenlighten her daughter aboutthat or the past and still going misbehavior and misdemeanor. She was not going to! Eventually, everyone will get their dues. What was her excuse for keeping mum for all those years? What’s more, Gedion and Helen come home to find that small piece of peace they only get at their house and Embeyteywouldn’t be the cause for disorder of any kind in this hard-earned harmony they had forged for their family. Times have changed for the worstand with it, people. Who knows what sortof person the next maid might be? To Genet’s credit, she does her chores to Helen’s satisfaction and looked after the kids fair enough. Although Aster sympathized the older woman’s ordeal and dilemma, she failed to comprehend how Helen seemed clueless as to who might the culprit be in her house and was instead hounding her ass over petty faults the likes offorgetting to sweep the compound or water the garden.Something was definitely off. Aster felt that she might need to tread her steps carefully so as not to fall into Helen-Genet trap and becoming the scapegoat.
…
It was only few weeks after Embeytey’s revelation that Aster was also promoted to beingone of thefewwitnesses to Genet and Gu’ush’s underhanded appropriation. Three months intothe teaching and learning process and the school announced to scheduling mid-term tests that would start on the first day of the week. Aster had only three exams allotted for the day and came home early. Aster caught him… them red-handed. She bumped into Gu’ush while he was leaving with the spoils. He dropped the plastic bag that split in half. He made a frantic attempt to grabthe bag and tins rolled away here and there and glass bottles shattered and eggs cracked open. It was like time had stopped. Everyone stood frozen. Aster broke the uneasy stillness and started picking up the undamaged items and those that could be salvaged. If the yoke is still in the eggshell, it’s still salvageable, no?Genet was all flustered and sputtered what a clumsy child Aster was.“Gu’ush was just coming in from the market. What a waste!”Aster had a hard time believing that… and also hiding her smirk.Aster was not born yesterday! If what Genet said had any truth in it, she would have chewed her out and reported toHelen who in turn would only be too happy to pass on the “breaking news” over to Gedion. Hold up! That was the very first statement Genet ever said to her face. Well almost to her face. And just like that, things started to look up. Genet became less harsh with Aster. Aster’s even havingproper lunches on time. There was even a couple of times Genet made Aster… them – her son, herself and Aster, a special cuisine she said her previous foreign employer made for special occasions. It tasted like soap. Grandma was very much spared. Despite Aster’s misgivings about the pilfering that was still under way, she felt it was time to “forgive and forget” the worst two months of the undeserving treatment she suffered at Genet’s hands including her nightly visits and Gu’ush’s many attempts at grabbing her breasts. If only he’d stop the creepy way he still stared at her.
“Genny”, Mariam screamed, “Aster is swearing!” Aster couldn’t believe the little chit. The overwhelming urge to slap the brat disappeared as it had come. Genet appeared in the doorway in a flash of light. She snapped at Aster to take out the laundry basket for Etiye Zufan and her daughter, Saba, who accompanied her mother at times. The laundrywoman and her daughter were another lot who exploited Helen’s absence and Embeytey’s silent and withdrawn mannerism they all took for timidity and galumph around the house haughtily.EtiyeZufan wouldfrequently bring in other people’s laundry to do at the house. Although it was a rare occurrence, Genet indulged her with a bit of her ill-gotten gains – baked goods and whatnotswhich she paraded right under Embeytey’s nose without the slightestpang of conscience.  
…
Embeyteyis actually EmbeyteyAbeba. She was born in 1923in Adwa, Tigrayfroma long-line of aristocrat and erudite family whose life turned upside down after Haileselassie I’sreturn from UK in 1941 where he lived in exile for five years when Ethiopia was invaded by Italians in 1935.As soon as the emperor was back on his throne, he got down to promoting those who were philandering with the colonizer while demoting and taking out the valiant warriors and peers who engaged the enemy and were in the resistance group till liberation day. Right after the English army helped Ethiopia drive out the Italians in 1941, they had taken a poll as to the fate of their king and DejAzmachAsefa,EmbeyteyAbeba’s father, was one of thoseresolute fighters who voted against taking on the cowardly emperor as their king after his disgraceful desertion. DejAzmach Asefa was one of thefirst that were made into pariah and stripped of their titles. He was no longer a DejAzmach ergo his lands were confiscated and divided up among other feudal. Shortly, he was found dead on his doorstep. His married and older sons and daughtersfled to Gondar, Addis Abeba and Asmara, Eritrea with their respective spouses taking ontheir father’syounger children.Young Abebaremained in Adwa with an uncle on her long dead mother’sside. At 19, she was beyond the marriageable age when widowed Kahisay asked for her hand and she became the second wife to themiddle aged man whosechildren were all married off. Soon as she became wedded, Abebabecame known as Embeytey Abebaand through frequent use got shortened to just Embeytey which is the equivalent of ma’am. Ayay Kahisaywas a reputed tailor who had plenty of business and customers in high society as far as Gondar, Addis AbebaandAsmara. Unfortunately, he was robbed clean by his assistant who was sent in good faith with burlap-made sack-full of money to deposit in a bank andwho disappeared into thin air andAyay Kahisay went to a melancholic depression and before long contracted the lung disease that deprived him of his health and became the cause of his death. His deposits in the bank helpedpay off customers he received down payments from alongorders that wereunfinished and the rest, his expensive medical bills at hospitals in Asmara cleaned it off.
Embeytey has lost two children during child birth and two to either of the recurring plagues that run rampant in the rural then wiping out children and the weak. Left withthe remaining five mouths to feed and no means to live by, Embeyteyhad to sell the few assets her husband owned. His tailoring business had suffered under the inept assistants who had yet to hone the art of creativity mastered bythe nimble-fingered courtier of all times, the late Ayay Kahisay R.I.P. After much persuasion,Embeyteyagreed to sell to a chain store owner that produced a poor imitation of her dear departed husband’s timeless designs with theprecondition that he keeps her husband’s employees. As that money dwindled, so did herever-present and non-stopcallers. The house that had enjoyed too much of the warmth of the riches and year-round merriments couldn’t stand the grey coldness that seeped in through holes in the one-storied house that looked magnified manifold as household furnishings were being divested off walls and sold at prices that didn’t even cover their transportation fees. Eventually, she had to cut down luxuries like sending the older two kids tomodern schooling at the nearby junior school. She couldn’t even provide them with a proper meal once a day let alone afford the annual fee of 10 birr per kid. Soon, life for the widowed woman became an inferno of penury without an escape hatch. Her oldest, Fasil, and thirdson, Aklilu upped andgot hired as farmhands in towns away from home. Since lands were neither sold nor bought, she couldn’t sell her husband’s small land that had come into his inheritance but borrowed money by putting it up as collateral.Now it’s her creditors that tilled on her field and reaped the harvest.
The small money her boys sent in dribs and drabs couldn’t even cover basic necessities the likes ofinjeraand shirothat Embeyteydecided to give in to the incessant wheedlingfor her oldest daughter’s handby her husband’s longtime friends, Ayte Gere-Mariam and Embeytey Belaynesh. Having lived off their older children, his parents seemed to have thought of theunionas beneficial not only to her daughter but to Embeytey as well.Besides with the meager of everything she had, including hers, it’d mean that she has only three mouths to feed. Borrowing what could and exhausting what she had, shemarriedoff Tihutto their son Abraham, a graduate from teachers’ training institution anda high school teacherin Mekele.Tihut passed away in her mother’s parlor while giving birth to a livebaby girl, her second child at the age of 16. As the saying goes it never rains but it pours, right that moment,Abraham received a transferral letter from the Education bureau to move to a town called Gimbiin Welega. Abraham leftentrusting Embeytey with the newborn promising he would send for her as soon as hesettled in at his new post.That he left his firstborn son with his arthritic parents was a cold comfort to the devastated woman. Having arrived at the bottom of the abyss she’s been sliding downalong her children, Embeytey decided to do the one thing she vowed she’d never do as long as she was breathing. She sent her boys to her brothers and sister who remained scatteredafter the tragedy of their father’s gruesome end.Her siblings pulled together what they had andsent teffand other cereals, and clothes for her and the kids. The boys returned back to the city to the uncle and aunt who promised to enroll them backto schools while at the same time support her. Having no choice, Embeytey’s life totally fell under her siblings’charity and their handouts. 
Her boys grew to bestrapping self-sufficient young men, althoughnot soon enough to redeem her father’s tarnished name. Embeytey couldn’t stop crying the day she heard the emperor was deposed of his reign and was replaced by the socialist Derg on September 12, 1974. She grieved yet again for the spilt blood of her hardy and intrepid father who was ripped off his flesh into shreds while still alive and slain maliciously. She lamented the annihilation of the feudal in Tigray who had turned their backs to the injustice done upon her father. She had always dreamt that one of her children would become a champion conquering the bootlickers who call themselves noblemen and his name would rise above the spineless swine and make it to the king’s throneand when his highness requests his presence, he’d inform the messenger that he was the grandson of DejAzmach Asefa Wesen-yeleh whom his mighty-self obliterated into nothingness and had him finishedwith a poison. 
…
Fasil found an employment in a governmental highway road construction and Aklilu became a mechanic and got hired at Asebport. And before being told they’ve outstayed their welcome, the brothers moved out of their respective benefactors and about time too.It didn’t take long for Fasil to start helping out his mother by sending her everything his eyes laid on and his hands took possession of. The days of embarrassment and anxiety over the non-conformity of her hand-me-down outfits imported from overseas and the condition of the only piece of clothing that’s in keeping to the traditions of Tigray – her worn-out netsela– were finally over. She had always suffered from indecisionsthat almost always deterred her from going to church or funerals.But Embeytey wouldn’t hide. She wouldn’t give in to seclusion. Now, new traditional fetli replaced the inappropriate castoffsshestraightaway sew into pillows. Storage places and food containers were cleaned off webs and dusted off and filled with flours and grains. Once again, billowing smoke was observed from Embeytey’s out-kitchen as it surgedupwards appearing a beacon of triumphannouncing that Christmas has come early that year at Embeytey’s house. Neglected wood-burning stoves were stoked to blazing flames to welcometheir long forgotten sparring partners – cauldrons and clay pots. Steaming stewsand roasting coffee beans wafted through the air tantalizing the neighbors. The pounding sound as the roasted coffee beans was being hammered to a powder called forth ululatingneighbors who were forever reminiscing of the ol’ good days when they had enjoyed Embeytey’sand Ayay Kahisayhospitality and her special greenish yellow hued mesand gobbledmounds of supple raw meatcut into pieces served with awaze and mustard dip.
Embeytey beamed at each one of her invited and uninvited guests as she once used to some 15 years ago, although it seemed eons ago, as they madeinto her recuperating abode. She realized it was foolish of her to have hold grudges by the lack of help from her neighborsto whom she and her late husband had always lent hands. She wasblindsided by her overwhelming sorrow and despondency to see that everyone was fighting their own fights. Yesterday, it was her father’s lands; today, it was their turn againstmodern-day socialist ideologies that put an end to serfdom and ownership of massive lands by the gentry.Derg announced the land reformation act that transferred ownerships to vassals and dividedfarmlandsamong small land owners. It opened doorways toland-poor people such as Embeyteyto regain proprietorship to lands so far kept and used by debtors. 
…
Embeytey had so far given deaf ears to the bizarre gossips visitors from the city brought her about Fasil’s hangoutsand the consorts he was said to associate with.But when the money he used to send every month started to come in trickles and a scrape of what he used to send her, she started to regretdeciding to avoidthe “doomsayers”like the plague. She banged her chest in a mourning gesture as she wallowed in self-deprecation and despair. She had sent too many oral messages and letters to her son and the place he worked at and her brother who had taken him in and fed and clothed and schooled him.Her brother sent back a letter that he had given her son a fatherly advice to cool his heels and stay with him for a while but her son was adamant about being on his own. The lettercontinued that at first Fasil never skipped Sunday afternoons and used to come over to check on him but it’s been six months since he has seen him or heard from him. He had sent his son to Fasil’s rented house and was told he has moved away. And there wasn’t much help at his workplace. Fasil seemed to be taking on field’s jobs often. And indeed, not oneof the travelers came back bearing a reply from FasilnorcouldEmbeytey find one person who saidhas spottedhim somewhere…anywhere. How could she have been so wrong about her first born? She expected this from her younger son, Aklilu, who tended to be a bit of an oddball. He was forever burning with this smoldering rage inside of him –scalding anyone who’s gotten near him. It will surely be the death of him.Not Fasil who has Job’s patience and Solomon’s wisdom and her father’s resoluteness. Only God knows how many days and nights he went without food just so she and his younger siblings could eat? He had come such a long perilousjourney to be bamboozled by the false glitter of nightlife and its sinful exploits. Not her pride and joy,Fasil.
One early morning, her night terrors cameto a reality andherrelatives and neighbors knocked on her doorat the crack of dawnto informherof the untimely death of her son at the age 35. He had been in and out of hospitals but they could do nothing for the jaundiced man whose liver was irreversibly damaged.Apparently he had taken to heavy drinking andtowards the end, his health had deteriorated quickly. He was shacked up with a woman he found atone of the bars he haunted. The ill-reputedwoman was said to have borne him two children. And much to Embeytey’sunsurpassed grief, the woman, turning deaf ear to his guardian and uncle to have him laid to rest in Adwa, at Medihane’alem Churchnext to his father’s,buriedFasil six feet underforeign soil and oversaw his funeral ceremony without the presence of Embeytey norhis siblings. No-one could reach Aklilu who worked at Aseb in timeto attend his brother’s interment.
Better late than never, a month to his brother’s burial, Aklilu graced them with his presence empty-handedallegedly to pay his respects to his dead brother. He had broughtwith him hisnotorious inflated-self. He stayed till his brother’s 40threquiem and left with a threat to burn the houseif Embeytey went aheadand started the business of making and selling sewa.How dare she come up with such dishonorable businessthat’d certainly besmirch the family’s name and dredgeup his dead father’s name?Although it was a futile one, Embeytey wanted to bring to his attention now that Fasil’s gone, the responsibility of caring for the family has fallen on his shoulders.She knew in her heart of hearts Aklilu wouldn’t help out. The fool’s always been resentful of having been downgraded to destitution. No-one chose the path life took them.His show of frugalityby coming empty-handed was the confirmation the familyneedn’t find out.Despite hers and the neighbors’ restless entreaties and imploring, her youngest son, Habtamu, became enlisted in the Ethiopian military force, signing over his wages to his mother. 
“Embeytey… Embeytey”, cried Helen excited, as she ran to her at full speed. Helen was Habtamu’s two-year older sister. She’s waving a piece of paper in her fist. It must be a letter from HabtamuthoughtEmbeytey. The girl was breathless as she reached her. “It’s a letter from Abraham.”
Embeytey looked at her daughter uncomprehendingly. “Who?” 
“Rahel’s father, Abraham.” 
His parents had informed Embeytey of his betrothal to a fellow teacher and that was almost a year ago. He was probably married by now. Unbeknownst to herself, Embeytey snatched the letter from the girl’s clutch and tore it open. Five hundred birr notes slid and scattered at their feet. Hands shaking, she picked them up one by one. “Here, read it!’ Embeyteythrusted the letterback to Helen.
The letter started with profuse apologies at his prolonged disappearance and uncommunicativenessand ended with travelling arrangements to Gimbifor his son and daughter. He added that it had to be Habtamuwho should be delegated for the task as his parents were old and senile and had no-one they could spare for the task of accompanying his kids.As Helen was reading the letter, Embeyteywas mulling despondently over whether she wassupposed to put up a fight. Shehas taken on everything life dished up to her without a word of complaint… infact leaning towards beinggrateful as she was deprived of everyone she loved one after the other and everything she owned.
…
It’s almost been six months and Helen has not come back home. It didn’t seem she’ll be coming. Abraham haswritten Embeytey twice. The first read that Helen will be staying with him and his new bride and he mentioned about enrolling Helen back to school. Embeyteywas driven into aconniption and the messenger ran to summon help from her neighbors. But even after she has calmed down, she wouldn’t let him read anymore.In two months’ time, the second letter came and it contained money so that she couldalso visit them. Embeyteyhad stayed embittered for as long as she could by her daughter’s cruelty to stay awayand leave her old mother behind even if the first letter which she later read dropped hints to her daughter’s possible and hopeful near-future betrothal. That was two months ago and with each day that passed she felt her resentment fading away alongside her strength.Her daughter is now at the age she was when she married Ayay Kahisay, God have mercy on his soul. Perhaps it was time to close her part of the chapter and join a new one – her daughter’s. Left with the groaning sound of the ramshackle of the old house worsenedby the weight of the plummeted wall during the heavy storm during the rainy seasonand the audible creak of her dried knees as she made feeble attempts at making herself some sustenance, she was once again reminded of Abraham’s letter. It was time to move on and move away from this godforsaken house that reminded hertoo much of painful memories. A house that had died the day her husbandtook his last breath. Twice, she had packed and unpacked what she had, taking Abraham on his word and wanting to make use of the money he had sent her before she ran out of it.If she went ahead, it’dmean her very first venture out of her birthplace, Adwa, she lived her entire 55 years of age – woman and girl.
The blood-curdling scream that gradually grew to cries and shouts tumbledEmbeyteyright out of the three-footed stool and into the windy moonless evening. She peered into the darkness and made out shapes garbed in white fetlicoming over her way. She let out a sob. Embeytey was standing erect and immobile when her neighbors reached her entryway. Habtamu was killed after six months in service while in active combatbetween EthiopiaagainstSha’ibiya, the then freedom fighters of Eritrea, 1978.Embeyteyremainednumbed and unresponsivefor months and even after her daughter, Helen, and Abrahamcame to get her after being informed of the tragic news. After much debate among relatives and neighbors, it was decided that Embeytey would be leaving with Abrahamand Helen to Gimbito live with him. The house and land were left in the trust of Abraham’s family.
Aster didn’t know what to make of it when Embeyteysaid she’s sensed the gust of the fluttering wing of the angel of death as he was putting his mark on her. To her credit, Embeytey’s feet stayed icy cold the entire night. She also added that it was spreading to her limbs. Embeytey has long alerted her son-in-law that her time has come. Finally, it was time for her long awaited departure.










Chapter Three 
Aster sullenly watched as Mariam walked off with her nose in the air, hand in hand with Genet Aster was convinced that her problems either started or ended with Mariam. The brat walked around the house as though she was the uncrowned queen of the house and behaved haughtierand worse whenGedion was around. It was as if their father belonged to her and her alone. Whenever he comes home from work, she just takes over him. If she’s not on his lap or sitting next to him blabbing about nothing, she would be perched comfortably on his shoulders… braiding his afro. B.R.A.I.D.I.N.G. H.I.S. A.F.R.O.?!
Aster remembers the day she got registered as if it was yesterday. She’s still seized with a pang anxiety every time she spots the school principal on school ground. It was baffling as it was overwhelming the way Ato Gemechu, a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair was acting around her father, a much younger person, when Gedion took her to get registered at the public school. She was filled with awe and sheer terrorof the man who fathered her. She was also embarrassed – she doesn’t know for whom though. It seemed Ato Gemechu couldn’t believe his eyes that he, Gedion, was actually in his office that he sprang right off his chair he almost toppled off. He grabbed Gedion’s hand and almost shook it off the socket. After a longer version of exchange of pleasantries, they finally got to sit down and her father explained the reason for his visit. The broad smile that split opened the man’s bearded face confirmed that he was willing to be of service at any cost. And Gedion hadn’t even gotten to the end of his speech yet. He escorted them to another office that had a plaque “Registrar Office” on the door. A sour-faced man, who smelt unpleasant, went through the school files her mother had her take. And just like that Aster was enrolled as grade 6 student of Addis Abeba Public Elementary School. Despite Gedion’s reluctance at taking the headmaster away from his desk for so long, which he mentioned once or twice, Ato Gemechuinsisted on giving him (Gedion told Aster to stay put) a personal tour of the school.      
Later that day, Aster recounted to Noah the tale of how Gedion had visitors from the local district wanting an advice on something early morning and Gedion came out of the bedroom with his hair half-way corn-rowed looking like a turkey.Aster persuaded Noah to come to the decision that Mariam needed to be disciplined just like the rest of them… by them. Aster is certain their father has gone blind as a bat when it comes to Mariam. And this has gone long enough. Clearly, Helen doesn’t seem to care about neither of her kids. She comes home from work; eats her dinner and nods off at the couch the first half of the night and her bed for the rest of the night; wakes up early in the morning and leaves for work before the birds wake up. Aster and Noah shook on it as they agreedto do “something” about Mariam before she makes a spectacle of their respectable father.
…
Gedion is a man revered in the neighborhood as the defender, protector and savior of the poor – a man of the people. Soon after his election as the district’s chief administrator, he wasted no time to give the people what they deserved as human beings. Overflowing refuse from shallow pits that streamed down every house-door was cleaned. Ditches were dug and concrete drains were put up.Septic tanks were built underground. Communal toilets and pipelines for water supply were installed. Blind alleys and dirt tracks were paved into avenues.After knocking on so many doors and endless discouraging red tape, the proposal to build 75 medium sized 2-room houses was accepted. Four years since he was given the chair and he had reached the finish point of completion for boarders who had forever been bringing the district’s attention to the squalid and overcrowded lodgings where two and three families lived in a confined areaof less than thirty square meters of space. As soon as the task of dispensing the houses to the rightful people was carried out to his satisfaction, he turned his face to cleansing and restructuring the office personnel. And he met with the expected resistance. At first, they had tried luring him with unlisted money source even he, the chairperson of the district, had no prior knowledge of. He had thanked them for bringing him up-to-date and their patriotism to serve and give back to the people who forever seemedto end up being offered as the sacrificial lambs. He handpicked people who had proven themselves of their uprightnessand diligenceduring the extensive transformational work of renovation and building houses for the community.He sent them to each precinct under his jurisdiction with authorization paper and police officers. They sifted through communities and made house registry, broke locked office drawers and storage rooms and made and compared previous inventories of each and every files and reported to the appropriate offices. They dubbed him as “he who picks at his meal, won’t let others eat”and that he was just waiting for the right time to score big. When that lost its initial color, they started the rumor that he was working as a double agent to the defunct EPRP. The office became divided between those who supported him and those who didn’t. Most meetings started with clashes of ideas that ended unresolved. After all it was Gedion’s plan to hand over his resignation at the end of it all. He felt that he needed to up his game and resign at once. Most office personnel rejoiced and clapped congratulatory pats at sleazy and dingy bars where they have been conspiring against “the messiah and his disciples” while said disciples whose hardwork was all for nothing and felt betrayed by Gedion’s unexpected resignation, scurried home with tails between their legs. On the day of his farewell ceremony, the people came in throngs to attend the bitter-sweet event. They had brought in enormous home-made bread everyone had made contributions to. That was what most of the people could afford. Gedion thanked everyone who made sure to attend and those who couldn’t for all their great contributions in the remaking of their community. Indeed, it’s theirs except for one major place. The administration has beensteered and represented with people the community has never heard of. It had become a common practice since the advent of Derg to present the peoplewith whomever they would like to be chosen as administration and have a seat in the city council and the people had no choice but to comply. 
The first free election in the history of Ethiopia was scheduled for that year, 1994, and the first few months were earmarked for the election of district and city council members and Gedion wanted to make sure the rightful people who were of the community were holding the chairs.The time has come for the people to finish what he had started.The people, unanimously so elected those of whom they had come to know during the reformation of their quarters and worked with them side by side as they dug trenches and carried blokes of stones under the scorching sun, bathed with grime and overflowing refuse that had swamped the entire neighborhood. Gedion’s work was done. He approached the table quavering under the heavy weight of the massive bread. The candleswere long burnt out. Someone rushed and handed him a machete-like knife.After few seconds of struggle,Gedion cut up the over-cooked stone-hard bread. The meeting hall broke into a rapturous applause. 
…                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Helen told Gedion that Aster has head louse and she feared it’ll spread to the children and made Genet shave her head off. Aster was now confident Helen has put a sort of spell on her father. Aster spent yesterday crying that her headhurts today. How was she to face her friends at the school? She looked at herself in the full-length mirrorattached to the closet in the kid’s room for the umpteenth time that morning. She turned sideways to get a side view of herself. She looked like the alien in thathorror movie she was too scared to finish. She looked hideous. The grandma kept on sending Aster sympathetic and comforting glances. I don’t care, Aster thought petulantly. School was the best thing in her life so far and she was not going today because of that mean daughter of hers. AsterinformedGenet that she was sick and that she wanted to sleep it off. She sneaked off to the kids’ bedroom and laid down on Mariam’s bed out of spite for Helen. 
“Get lost!”, she shouted at Mariam as soon as Mariam barged in to the bedroom. Noah said Aster looked like an elephant after which Mariam kept chanting it like a mantra the whole day, yesterday.                                                               
“But you’re sleeping on my bed.”
“I swear if you say one more word, I’ll knock your head off all the way to Mitsiwa. I’m sick and I want to sleep. Now, I said get out!” Aster yelled at her and Mariam retreated back whimpering and whining. 
Aster heard the gate to the compound getting opened. It was the maid’s son. He came peeking through the bedroom door and called her name twice but feigning sleep, she held her breath. She didn’t want anyone to see her. Something about the dead silence drew her attention and she pricked her ears. Where was Mariam?Asterstarted mulling over the absence of Mariam’s exuberant greeting which was her custom when a guest comes over to visit. Aster was in a haze of sleep when she heard Mariam’s and Gu’ush’s voice through the open window. The bedroom has two windows and one opens to the front while the other opens to the side of the house where there is a strip of alley no-one dares to go except for Aster. It was her fortress when things at the house become unbearable. The tall fence has cast a sort of shadow over the narrow land and the kids were terrified of the space. She didn’t like the idea of sharing it with anyone, least of all Gu’ush. “Please, I don’t want to go in there” Mariam was pleading. Mariam was always saying there was an owl hidden behind the jut of the concrete column. Did she have an imagination? Noah believed her. He was extremely afraid of the dark anyway… or anything a 4-year old child’s wild imagination came up with. “It’s okay. See. There’s nothing here and I’ll protect you if anything comes to harm you.” Gu’ush tried to soothe her.It was a few minutes till she heard him… them again. “Did you like it?” Mariam and Yosef! And she thought they had left. What was going on? What were they doing? “Don’t tell anyone, okay?” He whispered loudly. “Okay”, Aster heard Mariam’s timid reply. What was the little brat up to? Mariam was never timid. Ha! There was a first for everything.
“Aster” It was her father and he sounded concerned. Aster sprang out of bed so fast she almost fell. “Why aren’t you in school? Genet said you were sick. What’s happened to you?”
What’s happened to you?! All of a sudden, Aster was consumed with rage. “I’m bald because of your wife. I‘m never going to school, not looking like this.”
She did or didn’t see what was coming for her. Either way, Gedion was on her in a flash of light as he laid into her. She didn’t even see him taking his belt out. He thrashed her till she dropped at his feet. He barked at her to never ever dare talk to him as if he’s one of her cronies and be off to school that second. He added that if he found her at the house whenhe came back, he’d make her wish that she was never born. And she was off like the damned rabid dog was after her. 
When Aster returned home from school, the house was quite. The old woman blabbed about the kids being up and about till possibly five minutes ago, weeping over the death of the dog, Bobby, and that they just got into their room. Aster wanted to scream her frustration at the old woman, “Who asked you?!” She didn’t care for any nonsense about no dead dog. She banged the door open and switched on the bed-lamp by Mariam’s bed. They were all fast asleep. She couldn’t care less that Mariam’s face was blotched up with tears and what seems like dried phlegm. I don’t care! She has been simmering with fury that Mariam hadn’t bothered to signal her to their father’s arrival.
“Wake up, you little shit!” She shook Mariam so hard that all three of them woke up.“Why didn’t you tell me that father came?” The baby gurgled as if letting them he has woken up too.
“Wha… what?”
“Earlier, why didn’t you wake to tell me that father was home?” Aster shook at her again. She needed Mariam’s cooperation for the mission to be complete. The look of befuddlement on Mariam’s angelic face irritated Aster. This wasn’t what she had come looking. She wanted Mariam’s tart replies so that she has a reason tobeat the hell out of her.
“I don’t know. Sorry.” She rubbed her droopy eyelidsheavy with interrupted sleep with plump fingers and yawned.
“I don’t care for your apologies, idiot.” Aster pushed her right back on the bed.
“You look like Jack the rabbit”, Noah snickered. Mariam giggled with him. 
Aster was still wearing a blue mobcap that she snatched off the baby cot in her frenzy to get away from her father beforetrue to his threat, he mashes her into a pulp. She didn’t know the knit-wear had two small ear-like protrusions on top till someone at school mentioned to her. No matter, exasperated Aster saw red. Shefelt she has had it with Noah’s retarded and offensive humorless bits. She felt it was high time he learnt that those just like actions, did have consequences. She smacked him on the head real hard. He kicked her right back on the stomach. It was a quick reaction that she didn’t expect nor see it coming. She doubled up on the floor… but only for few seconds. She got up and wrenched him off the bed by his feet. He fell on to the floor boards and hit his back. Without delay, he got up on his chest and gripped his throat in a stranglehold.                                                                                                        
“Get off! You’re going to kill him. What’s wrong with you?”, Genet cried as she knocked her off Noah. Noah was gasping for air as tears were streaming down his face. Genetpicked him off the floor.
“The little rat kicked me on the stomach,” Aster shouted back
“Look at him! He can hardly breathe.” Genettapped at the back of his necksoftly.
Aster thought to herself, “Gosh, perhaps the dog bit a bit of craziness in to each one of them.” “I just held his neck but for five seconds.”
“I don’t want to hear a peep out of you. You’re nothing but a country bumpkin. Helen was right. You don’t belong here. Your father should send you back to wherever he picked you from. You’ve only been a pain to everyone since the day you came here. Now, get out of this room!”
Fighting with the urge to cry, Aster scampered past bewildered Embetey hovering over the hallway, obviously panicked by the unexpected scuffle and loud voices coming out of the kids’ bedroom but stayed out out of fearofGenet. Aster hid in the dark of her sanctuary. She groped for theblock of concrete and sat downdeflated and miserable. Her eyes welled up with tears and she fought real hard not to let them fall. How did things get out of control and turn her into a pariah? First, her “friends” at school wheedled and pleaded with her to show them her clean-shaven head. They promised and swore on their fathers, mothers, Saints and God that they wouldn’t laugh and accompanied her to the filthy girl’s lavatory after school. It’s still hard totell which countenance she thought was worseof the worst – the shocked, the disgusted or the pitiful, or the ones struggling to stifle their laughter.As they walked out of the school premise, she picked on their tamped down excitement and increased her pace and distanced herself from the group way before her usual point of departure. The resounding sound from their shrill cackles still rang in her ears. No-one had even tried to stop her. And now, she made quite a spectacle with Noah. Shouldn’t Genethave known she wouldn’t do Noah any harm? She loves her brother very much. The problem was and has always been Mariam. So many turns of events could mark that day to call to mind about lessons and their stupid hard learning ways but only one remained etched in her heart. No matter what, Aster told herself she would always be an outsider, an intruder to this house.




















Chapter Four
Genet asked for a leave to visit her family she hasn’t seen since beforeHawzen, her hometown, was air raided on a market day, June 22 1988. She was only 17 when she joined TPLF in January, 1988 and became trained as a foot soldier. As word of the attack reached her battalion residing in Maichew,the brigade had already been alerted and geared up forthe advent of Derg’s heavily armed military force. The distraught Genet couldn’t… wouldn’t draw comfort from her comrades’ continuous consolatory remarks and solicitous supportwhile awaitingthe expected earth-shattering sound off Derg’s 122mm Howitzerand BM 21, courtesy of socialist Russia. Her unit couldn’t withstand the colossal destructive effects of Derg’s relentless attack with their powerful artilleries. No-one noticed Genet wasn’t among them when they had to pull back. She had been trained in ways of surviving on few sips of water and close to none food sustenance. But she was no master when it came to knowing her whereabouts.After three daysofthe arduous trek down the freezing mountain of Alamata where the craggy broken trailover the cliffs led her, she was apprehended by Derg soldiers on her last legs. 
They seized her rifle and took her to their officer-in-command.She at once confessed she was a deserter from her division that was on the retreat and that she had no idea where they could be at that moment.She told them in a broken Amharic that she was handing herself in. What would a spy have said if caught amid mission? The commandersmacked her aroundfor more information but 48-hours with the doe-eyed young woman and herunbound pert breasts and unclad shapely legs was long enough for her gut-wrenching tears to tear at his heart and stir up his neglected loins. He forced himself on her and took her virginity in the shelter tent the Derg erected for the radio set. Unable to slakehisneed with just one round, he kept her for five more days. Having received an order to move onward, he had to send her away with a lowly rank and file who accompanied her half-way to the nearest town with an advice to stay away from Tiray that was under siege. She learnt she was a long way from home from the first being she met. Raya-kobo.A borderland between Tigray and Welo.
The elderly travelerfrozein his tracks at the very sight of thetypical TPLF’s get-up – a green khaki shirt and too-tight shortsand the shock-headed afro. Hebarked at her thatthe town was swarming with Derg troops. Surely she knew what would happen to her if they catch her. She couldn’t say she was actually adefector. Who knew where his heart lies? Instead shejabbereda likely story how she got lost from her unit that was in full retreat.That she travelled for before being detained by Derg soldiers.That she told the Derg soldiers she was surrendering herself. They released her after five days of detainment and interrogation. She didn’t know where she was headingwhen she followed that path. All she had was her intuition and the yearning to see her mother’s eyes in Hawzen that was blitzed few days ago. In a predicament between theurgency of the forlorn girl’s dire situation and the need to see to thetask that made him venture out here in the first place before darkness falls, he ordered her to stay puthidden behind a heap of boulderand wait for him till he gets back from wherever he had to go to. 
Genetslumpedon the hard ground under a tree shed, dejected and pensive. She followed the old man with her eyes until he disappeared from her line of sight.What if he brings with him Derg soldiers?She glanced upwards at the looming massive mountain that had taken her into circularity of tracks.Was it all worth it? She ran away from home to avoid being married off to a man she’s never laid her eyes on, thrice her age. One night, herfather, NegadrasAbadi announced her betrothal to a wealthy man from Humerawho had acres of land with as close to 100 hired hands working on his ranch. Distraught and distressed, she blurted out that their neighbor’s son had proposed to her during the festivities of Ashenda and that she had told him to talk tothem. Her father roared and disparaged herfor theimmature and foolish thinking. Later at bed time, her mother beckoned her outside into the darkness. Genet followed her like a lamb about to be slaughtered. Aided with the gasoline lamp, her mother preceded into the shack built for storing animal-feed with Genet in tow. Without much preamble, her mother demanded to see Genet’sstill intact maidenhead. Embarrassment and wounded ego almost made the girl deny her mother but decided to get it over with. It wouldn’t do her or her neighbor’s any good. She steeled herself and complied with her mother’s behest. Two days later, she was among those enlisted by TPLFrecruiters who madefrequent rounds looking for new fighters. Had she stayed, she would have been married and already with a child in a beautiful big house with maids waiting on her hands and feet. She looked at her swollen legs and blistered and chafed feet that were hurting by the second.Who knew? She might have died during the bombardment. She wished she had died in the mismatched battleagainst the Derg. She could neverbe one of the dyed-in-the-wool weyane. She couldn’t even simulate the deep loathing they had for the feudal system. She was the feudal. Now, she was no-one. She’s become dishonored in every sense of the word. 
Propped up against the tree, Genethad dozed off into a fitful sleep when someone shook her up. The sun has gone down the horizon and was playing peek-a-boobehind the mackerel of clouds. The fatherly man had come back and he had brought with himself a dress and netsela. She put on the dress and covered her head with the cotton wrap. He told her to follow him closely and she did as it was customary and held back a tad. He stepped in to a half-opened doorhouse next to the street. The expansive room was foggy with cigarette smoke and reeked of alcohol.It was lined with benches. A small boy who was all skin and bones looked up from where he was knelt down cleaning the floor with a rug.“Good evening, AboyGidey?” he called with a muted voice. Heedless to the greeting, the elderly man stretched his neck towards the backdoor and called out “Embeytey”. A heavy thud preceded an obese woman as she spilled into the room.
“What took you so long, Aboy? It’s almost time for the curfew.” The heavy woman spoke sharply at the kindman.“Andwho’s this? She looks like what that cat dragged in yesterday!” She glared at Genet from head to toe. 
The man gestured atGenet to sayher hard-luck story.This round Genet recounted what happened to her at the Derg camp. It was later she worked out her good luck that these two were Tigré and also sympathizers to TPLF’S cause. After the customary ritual of tokenism with ah’s and ooh’swith the tragic misfortune that befell her, poor her, they jumped ahead to discussing what should be done with her.The cleaning boy’s motherwas told to shave her lice-infested afro and Genetscoured herself clean with pail-full of steaming hot water. They boiled the clothes AboyGidey brought her but set fire to her fighting ensemble.Shewas given a straw mattress and slept at the feet of the wait-girls who took an instant dislike to her. 
Come morning, Aboy Gidey introduced her to everyone and anyone who asked that she was a far relative who has come to pay them a visit. Without being told to, Genet took over the housekeeping and started helpingEmbeytey Yalem in the kitchen.Embeytey Yalem and Aboy Gidey ran a bed and breakfast that served alcohol. Despite the heavy woman’s disinclination to let in Genet into her kitchen, she felt she got a respite from the lackadaisical women who deliberately mess up people’s orders or the underdeveloped boy who needed to be told many times to do one simple chore. Genet seemed to know what she needed before she voices it out. The girl was neat enough and she knew her way around the kitchen.Moreover, it seemedthere was a sort of rebelliongoing on in the house set againstAboy Gidey and Embeytey Yalem on account of lettingin a competitionas beautiful as the young girl rent-free. It wasn’t long before Genet assumed the responsibility of waking up at ungodly hours to prepare food for the lodgers and entire house occupants.Few months had gone by beforeGenet’s body started to show the result of her impulsivity that brought about her ruin. Pregnancy seemed to have given her extra boost and she worked harder than ever.She gave birth to a boy at theGood Samaritan’s house and christened him Gu’ush as he was her first.Aboy Gidey volunteered to be his godfather as he was to Ma’reg,the autistic child whom Genet had also taken charge of. He looked much cleaner and healthier than the skin and bones form he hadthe first day she saw him. Genet turned down the mollycoddling Embeytey Gidey pressed her with thatmothersneeded to rest and eat to recuperate and rebuild their strength.
All of a sudden, the saloon started filling up into a packed-house.Aboy Gidey had to double up his liquor order and it became his habitto go diner to diner in search of liquor to buy, twice theprice. It was times of war. Hard liquor and beer had become “hard-to-find” items. But that didn’t seem to have stopped customers from coming in and lap up whatever the house served. Having been occupied with running up and down and trying to satisfy his clienteles, Aboy Gidey had postponed enough times already to reimburse the awaqihe frequented in hopes of snowballing his business with profits and who had finally come through. Enough time had gone by before an inebriated man blew the whistle as tothe reasonwhy patrons were seated crammedin the stifling room and out in the cold on wet pews. “I was told of a wench had been brought all the way from Asmara. I heard she couldmake a man’s dreams come true.Abandoning my long-standing mesheta,Geza Markos, I’ve become a regular herefor a damned whole week now. Say Aboy,” He beckonedAboy Gidey who was standing behind the bar, “Who’s this mysterious lass we’ve all heard of but never had a chance to see? Or are you saving her for your wealthy patrons?” The man shoved in his hands and came out with a stash of money and chucked it on the bar. “With this money, I could probably buy you out theentire house and your business and get a complementary pussy but I came for the girl andthe girl alone.”The tanked-up man hiccupped once and his legs gave out under him and fell flat on his face.
Aboy Gidey ran to the unconscious man he recognized as one of the entourages the provincial administratorof Welokept around and had him hauled up to one of the relatively habitable vacant rooms along with a“complementary girl”.It was unavoidable people would find out aboutGenet’s presence or the absence of any kinship whatsoever with either of the owners. Aboy Gidey was not going to risk his life or business for the charity case who was still jumpy around men.The next morning,Embeytey Yalem admitted to Genet uncomfortablythat Aboy Gideywantedher to start helping out the serving girls in the saloon in the evening. She was no more a virgin and regarding her aversion to men in general,the way to overcome a terrible hangover is to seize a chunk of the hair of the dog that bit you, ain’t it?“What say you, my dear child?” Genet was quick to show her unwillingness to be game. Herpalpable repudiation to the suggestion she help the moonlighterswho waited on tables by day and offered themselves by nightrekindled the working women’s bottled-up hostility towards her – their rival.The women who lived on their landlord’s sufferance gave back an ultimatum to the owners. It was to be them or her?! Aboy Gidey was sweating heavily as he realized the tight spot he was in. Although it might not be hard to replace them, they’d definitelyget back at him by spreading whatever rumors, killing his booming business.Besides, the girls were the reason people tolerated his adulterated drinks. 
Genet and her 5-months babe ended up on the streets in the middle of rainy Augustwitha morsel of food to eat and a piece of rag to cover her babe.Providence came in the form of two foreign aid workers who were on their way homeas her son’s bitterly screamed against the freezing gust of the south westerlies raging through the town. They took her and her baby in that same day. With the simple life thewesterners led,all that filled her days was taking care of her baby. As the situation in the north became too hot even for the adventurous foreigners, they decided to move to Addis Abeba along with Genet and her son but could only stay for few months. They gave her money to get her by for few months and left the country. She made the first move to themuch coveted dream she had of becoming a self-made businesswoman by renting a small place.She bought all the necessary equipment and constituents used in the making of tela,Amharic word for sewa.Soon as Genet marked her door with “Telais sold here”, she was short-circuited by xenophobe tela-making neighbors with NIMBY-attitudes.They notified their abiyot tebakiregulars who were evidently assigned with an authority than the local police forceswith fabricated complaints about her disrupting the peace and quiet of the hood. She got “roughly” cautioned. Her being a Tigré helped her not! Theheavy investment she put in to jump-startthe business had bled her dry that she was at once out huntinga house-keeping job. It waspurely by coincidence that she became acquaintedwith said relatives Gu’ush stayed at andwho served to get her hired at that house. They were originally fromHawzen and were the ones who brought her the belated news of the loss of her father and grandmother during the surprise attack. 
…
Aster remembered that unfortunate moment as though it was yesterday. She was helping Adeyfilteringsewa at the shade built behind the main house back home at Quiha. The screams and commotion coming from the main house brought both of them to a halt and they rushed to the front of the house. Adey’s porch and her two-room saloon/domicile were jam-packed with people – neighbors and passer-by, yet and still, more people were running in their direction. Adey fought her way deep into the heart of the crowd, Aster in tow, to find Amanuel, the youngest son, the centerpiece, seated on a stool in the middle. He was visibly shaking like he was in the Semien Mountains. Adeypulled him up like he weighed no heftier than a bag of cotton and patted him down. She was looking for any sign of harm. “Adey… Adey… Hawzen was bombed earlier today.” Amanuel worked as the kitchen police atthe nearby Derg soldier’s camp and heard it from the soldiers’ radio. Derg’s repeated incantation ‘to dry off the water so as to catch the fish’ was first executed in Hawzen, on a market day and soon after, Mersa – a small town of Weloprovince. While the attack was rather a cornered rat move and ill-advised improvisation meant as a warn-off to the fast advancing freedom fighters of Tigray that had total control of the rural, it gave way to thousands of fresh recruits, mostly from Tigray, joining the liberating front. The malevolent plot to make the people go down on their knees backfired and TPLF controlled Tigray region before the year was out and within two years controlled Addis Abeba, May 27, 1991. 
Aster heard Genet lamenting to Gedion about the rumor that TPLF must have intercepted an intercom about the pre-arranged blowout and could have warned off the townspeople and she was instantly reminded of a theory she had heard her uncle telling her grandmother. That TPLF wanted the people of Tigray to back them up at full force and bringanendto the protracted war, ergo refraining the warning. Gedion assured Genet it was highly unlikely. If at all possible, TPLF might have intercepted an intercom communication on the exact time and hour of the raid. Despite Derg’s propaganda of still having total control over the northern part of Ethiopia, TPLF had continuously and overwhelmingly defeated it on multiple frontlines and the Derg regime was on the verge of collapsewhile TPLF was at its 11th hour to victory.TPLF had already the total support of the people of Tigray. 
…
TV was of a luxurious commodity till late 80’s and if owned, it was by townies that had electricity. Onlyfew hundreds of megawatt energywas generatedoff naphtha-consuming generators then that only supplied few cities and towns while the rest enjoyed indoorbonfires andgasoline lanternsafter dark and battery-operated radios. Aster heard of the images of the carnage from her older uncle, Zelalemwho had dropped by one evening. It was always special when her uncles come to visit. They always come bearing something for her and news from the city. Zelalem said TPLF had recorded the aftermath of the massacrethen and transmitted it via national broadcast after it took control of the mass broadcasting agencies in Addis Abeba. Her uncle had been oblivious of his young audience as he recounted blow by blowdescription of the horrid images he had seen on TV to his thick-skinned mother. 
Aster had seen the reruns of the raid lots of times since she came to Addis Abeba. She had nightmares for days of a certainlive baby screaming his head off as he wriggled on top of a half-charredlifelesswoman. Gedion assumed she was the mother. The images lookedquite real. Noah said it’s what’s called colored TV. It was quite different from the one she had seen back at Mekele.Her mother had sent her to run some errands in the city and Aster had to wait a long time before a dispatch rider came along witha beat-up truck, the only remaining vehicle from the dilapidated soldiers’ base. The fast advancement of TPLF’s army had made all Derg officers, with the exception of few lowest ranked men, abscond the base taking with them what they could and burning those that can’t be moved as easily. In their rowdy absence, Quiha, a town founded as a result of the camp, had gone dead. Even though it wasn’t that far to Mekele, Fiyameta had warned her against walking the short voyage as more and more of Derg soldiers that were wounded and in poor conditions trudged along the dusty road towards the destroyed campsite. Fiyameta, the proud producer of the finest sewa in the whole of Tigray next to her own mother, Adey, hasn’t had a customer for weeks.Infact, Adey and her mother wereplanning of sojourning some place away fromTigray till things cool down.
“Who knows what they might think of us serving and carousing with the Derg soldiers?”
“We didn’t carouse. We did what needed to be done to survive. They killed and we served!”
It was already late afternoon when Aster arrived at Mekeleand by the time she finished the tasks she was given, the sun had gone down and shespent the night with an “aunt” who moved to the city sincebefore thewar. When dinner was served, her son pulled aside a beautiful needlework uncovering a rectangular case with knobs and buttons on one side of it – the TV. He twisted one of the knobs and there appeared a talking man seated infront of a table, right there looking straight at Aster! She had heard about TVs and had even seen one, adorned with some fancy piece of cloth just like that one. She had even heard people talk about news, shows they had seen on TV… but she had never been “the guest of honor”attending such mind-blowing experience. Wow, just wow! She was super dazzled by the fast moving images that her dinner stayed untouched for the two hours the transmission was on. The programs ended too short and she noticed everyone hadalso yet to finish their dinners. 
She told Noah about the hue in which the images were in and he explained to her that that’s what’s called a black-and-white TV. 

Chapter Five
It’s only been second day sinceGenet’s been gone that Helen gave Aster a stinging rebukedue to slacking on her duties. The baby’s diaper hasn’t been changed. Embeytey had Micah the whole day and her dress was ruined with his pee and poo. Aster was skeptic as to how it never occurred to the old woman that the seeping coldness or the offensive odor was coming out of her grandson botty. Why was everyone set on her being the fall guy?And how was she to know when he needed to be changed?Aster mumbled to herself that she didn’t come here to be a nanny or do house-keepingas she took her anger out on the soiled clothes she was hand-washing late Sunday evening. If Aster thoughtthat was the end of being bossed about, she had a surprise the next morning. An early bird that she was, Helen rose up at 7 AM Monday morning and woke Aster brusquely and reeled off things to be done for the day. 
“She needed to make something for the children. Heat up something.Packsomething.Bringsomething to the shop before she goes to school. While she’s at it, she needed to make something for dinner.”
Huh?!Struggling with the cobwebs of sleep, Aster tried to recall one line out of Helen’s tall order.Evenif she did she hadn’tthe slightest clue how to go about it. No-one bothered to show her how. Gedioncaught her unawares as he entered the kitchen, a domain she has never seen him cross the boundary of before. 
“Good morning,” he called out as he washed his hands and put a kettle on the stove.“Where do you put the milk?” She took out the previous day’s delivery from the refrigerator. “Do you know how to make a peanut butter and jamsandwich?”   
“No, Sir” 
“Do you know where puts them?”
“Yes, Sir” She hastened to the shelf to bring forth the bottles. 
“I’ll show you how to make the most delicious meal.” He added, “Wash your hands first.”
Gedion and his oldest daughter worked together in a harmonious silence as they prepared breakfast and packed lunch for the kids. She laid the dining table as she had seen Genet do with tea cups and plates.
“Kids, hurry up!” He turned to Aster. “Come, let’s eat breakfast.” 
The children rushed in and took their seats.Aster tentatively took her first bite into the heavenly-smelling sandwich and she felt she was lifted off to heaven and brought back with each mouth-watering chomp and out of the blue, her eyes teared up. Genet allowed her only injera and some of the previous day’s leftovers even for breakfast.
“Daddy, what are the dark thingies on the milk?” Mariam asked pointing and pulling her nose at the offensive things floating at the top of the cup.
“I must have used the teapot rather than the milk’s. It’s tea leaves. Drink up!” He turned to Aster and chided her. “Aster, your mouth should be closed while…” Face aflame at forgetting her father’s meal-time etiquette to chew mouth closed, she clamped her lips shut.
The kids were finished and collecting their lunchbox.“Father,” there werefew heart-wrenching moments in Aster’s early adjustment period to the new world she’s been duped into accepting, one of them should be Aster calling her own father “Father”. “Helen hasn’t taken her lunch.”
If he was surprised by her choice of his title, he didn’t show it. “She’ll buy food from her nearest hotel.”
Aster visibly relaxed as she was let off the hook and started clearing away the dirty dishes with an enthusiasm. Only one check-box remained to be ticked off.That and the deafening silence after Gedion and the kids left in a frenzy drove Aster out to the veranda seekingEmbeyteywho had her back to the morning sun. She is a devoted follower of the Coptic Church and fasted breakfast except for non-fasting days and intervals. Keeping count, shesubsistedon cooked veggies and stew made out of pulses for 222 days, give or take a dayin a year by abstaining herself frommeat of fish, birds andcloven hoofed Artiodactylaand their products, with the exception ofthe corrupt heathen’s diet - pork. Aster wondered what would happen if the asceticwoman knew Gedion fed the kids bacon and mortadella. 
“Embeytey, Helen told me to make soup for dinner. Do you know how the stove works?”
“Tewsakhey” 
“Ofcourse, you don’t”, thought Aster glumly to herself as she returned in to clean the rest of the dirty crockery.
It just occurred to her that she missed the chance of asking Gedion while they were making breakfast. Neither Helen nor Genetbothered to show her how to light the stove or prepare food. Genet has not once accepted Aster’s help inside the kitchen even after they called truce. In truth, Aster has never done any cooking even back at Quiha. Her mother did all the cooking. Sometimes, Asterwent to the city to run errands. She did fetch water from an underground water source the camp has had dug and washed dirty laundry on weekends at said place with other women who’d be coming up for one or the other.Aster never set foot in the saloon after she cleaned the house early mornings. Fiyameta never allowed herto help out even through rush-hoursand especially after hours. Fiyameta owned a tidy three-room abode that gets smoothed out with cow-dungregularly. She used the front room as the saloon and the adjacent room was hers and the Aster’s dormitory and the last and cooler one with a back-door was the storage place for her refined sewaand trenches to hold stock of cereals for consumption and the brewing of the local alcohol. She has an out-building to make injeraor cook. When Fiyameta had a guest staying for the night, she made them sleep over in the saloon. The guttural noise those men made when at night! Fiyameta usually stayed out with the guest till everything goes quite. Aster hated sleeping alone but her mother said it was to protect her… like the time that one man who had a sleep-over at their saloon and put8 years old Aster on his lap when Fiyameta stepped out for a second.Aster got whipped with a rawhide until her hide turned raw. She couldn’t sleep on her back for weeks. Aster never saw him again.
As Aster was returning home from school, she bemoaned to her friends that she’s going to get the belt as Helen would be coming to an empty house. To her dismay and relief, they had already arrived home before her. As soon as she saw them seated on the settee, Aster came apart with the whole day pent-up frustration and started sobbing. The welt on her arms from her last peccadillo hasn’t even gone down. She confessed through tears that she hasn’t made soup and swore in her life to not knowing how to operate the gas stove. She even twisted on the knobsbut all that came out was this hissing sound and she turnedthem back to the way they were.
The hard and quickblowGedion threw at his wife could be heard all the way to where Embeytey was sat counting her rosary. He yelled and castigatedHelen for her irresponsible behavior and risking the girl’s life… and the house. Aster,too shocked to move, remainedfrozen to the ground. He called her names. Stupid! Madcap!Gedionsworethat she was making himquestion her sanity. 
“What if the girl had lighted up a match or the lighter with the gasket still leaking? The temp has agreed to come tomorrow, didn’t she? Couldn’t you have taken time off for just few minutes,one night and made dinner yourself?”
“Am I to hand-feed her next?”
“This isn’t about her. You… you disgust me!” Gedion leapt off the coach and disappeared in to the hallway.Aster beat a hasty retreat out of the roomand out of her step mother’s evil-eyes and slunk into her refuge.
Did that just happen?! Agonizing over the image of her father’s quick blowas he slapped to the perfect skin of Helen’s face and the fact that Helen might blame her for it, Aster spent thewhole nighttossing and turning. She fretted over whether that would further aggravate her non-existent relationship with her step-mother.
 …
Mariam and Yosef, I’m bleeding!!! Mama had warned me if I ever bleed, and everyone knows girls start to bleed only when they do the “dirty” with boys, she’d skin me alive! Oh my God! What am I to do? Oh my God, father will surely kill me.
Aster started reflecting back on her days over the week and remembered they had PE on Friday, last period. The teacher had aligned the boys on one side of the potholed playground and them, girls, on the other side. He said that he had grouped them into teammates – boy and girls’ teams, him being the referee. He threw a ball at the girls, and barked an order for them to start the game.A soccer game! The girls were indignant and refused to do so and the boys shouted in angry protests. Aster sided with those standing immobile right in the middle of the field in mutiny against the scandalous request. Who’s ever heard of girls playing soccer… and against boys too? The teacher made a punishment of Aster and beat her with a cane right there and then and assigned her to be the goalie. The game ended 27 to nil. The boys made jokes and hooted at each other and those who were trying imitations of the girls’ strained and clumsy attempts while at the game.                                                                                
The teacher hushed them up and gathered them into a semi-circle. He told them that there was a lesson to be learnt from the loss. He made an impassioned speech as to why women ought to stick to being women and not let their pretty little heads be filled with this unfamiliar non-Ethiopian, foreign concept with the likes of Women’s Liberation that’s become viral. Surely its name tells of its aim. In the western, men have long stopped seeking out the women for a wife and the women planned on taking out vengeance on all men by converting all women in the world to be “liberals” meaning without husbands and children. Women’s Liberation is a front that intends on breaking a family, depriving off the prim and proper women the right to a family and turn women to busybodies and tramps! In the past, Ethiopian women have fought long and hard for centuries alongside their men for the sake of continuity of this land’s sovereignty, norms and values and the country has erected monuments honoringthem and their heroic deeds. We have to keep on fighting the fight. Yesterday it was to free our land and today, it’s to free our home. Yesterday, it was from foreign invasions, today it’s from foreign ideas, a false pretext to invade our country!” 
The soccer game was only to teach them a lesson as to who’s who and what’s what. The school hand-bell clanged. Class has ended. The teacher wished them adieu for the week.                                                                                                                                                           Aster stood frozen to the ground. The students broke up and headed to class for their books. The ordeal of having to play soccer and the humiliation of having being caned infront of everyone when all along she was right was too much for Aster that she wouldn’t stop crying all the way home. She has decided. She’s going to tell her father after dinner that she wanted to go back home where she belonged.                                                                                                                                                                               
When Aster woke up, it was already Saturday morning. She had waited for Gedion and Helen even after Noah had told her that once a month their parents stay out at work till the wee hours of morning. He said, “They count monies”. She got down the bed and headed to the toilet to wash away the web of sleepiness. Oh, how her body ached.                                                                                                                                                    All of a sudden, shrieks and cries erupted from the kids and Aster came to a halt. “WHAT?!” She bellowed at the top of her voice. 
“You’re bleeding!”, Noah whispered clearly freaked out by what he thought he had seen. Both of their faces had pinked dramatically.                                                                                                               
At first, Aster’s head only registered “bleeding” and she was alarmed that something happened to them… worst of it all while in her presence. She wouldn’t hear the end of it. The things these kids got up to, you’d just be surprised. Then she caught on whatNoahhad said – it was she who was bleeding. 
“I’m not. Where am I bleeding?” she said in a soft voice trying to calm them and herself down.                                                                                                                    
“From the buttocks”, replied Mariam sassily. The image of Mariam with her tousled hair and peeking tummy would have melted Aster’s heart, if not for the tone and choice of words that’s become her signature tune when she talked to her. Catching Aster off guard. Like a slap in the face. And Aster slapped back. Literally.                                          
“I’m not…” Shaking off her annoyance, she swung back to see her behind and something caught her eyes. She twisted the back of the dress to her line of sight and indeed there it was. Her pajama was soiled.
Oh my God! Oh my God! I’m indeed bleeding!!! Mama had warned me if I ever bleed, and everyone knows girls start to bleed only when they do the “dirty” with boys, she’d skin me alive! Oh my God! What am I to do? Oh my God, father will surely kill me.
“What’s with the commotion? What’s going on?”, the new maid, Elsa sashayed into the room.
Aster stared down the kids into silence that stayed only but for a second. Mariam broke the silence. “Aster is bleeding from behind.” Chatterbox! Aster screamed in her head.                                                                              
“What is she talking about?” Elsa looked at Aster from head to toe and made a gesture for her to make a U-turn. Aster stepped back as quickly as possible as though she’d tackle her to see the proof of her impurity. 
“Child…” the maid harrumphed. “You’re just having your period. It’s your first time?” Aster nodded at her. “Don’t worry. It’s nothing to be alarmed about. Do you know what to do?” Aster shook her head.
She turned to the kids and asked if they have old t-shirts they couldspare. She stressed that they had to be of cotton. Noah and Mariam looked at each other and shrugged. Elsarummaged through their closet and selected few. She tore the arms off intosquare-shapedpieces. She ordered the kids out and instructed her how to fold and refold the cloths neatly and tuck between the legs. She swiped one of the kid’s panties and told Aster to askHelen for sanitary towels and pairs of tight shorts. Ha, that would be the day!Elsa advised that she could change the towels as many as four times in a day depending on the quantity and/or her own comfort and the tight shorts help to keep the towel in place. Elsa announced jovially that Aster has become a woman and it was time to look and act the part. Aster needed to take good careof herself and her hygienestarting that day. 
As the two-person council ended and the “women” got out the kids’ bedroom, Aster was burning shamefacedly with the whole ordeal of having to through the awkward lesson and its practical application. She hadn’t even gotten over being caught bleeding all over herself and she was still unsure of what was to come later thatevening. It was doubtful she listened to every wordElsa had to say. Amidst the advice, she had almost ran out of the room screaming bloody murder. The rest of the morning went by in a flurry of action for Aster had to wash the bloodstained pajamas and sheets before Embeytey came from the church. 
… 
It was already dinner time when Gedion and Helen arrived home from work and the fact that Embeytey’sbed hasn’t yet been made Heleninquire her mother about it. Embeyteywas evasive as shedroned on that the sheets were still on the clothe-line and probably have not yet dried. She supposed the new maid didn’t know where the linenwas kept. Sensingthat Embeytey was withholding something, Helen asked again by whom and whyit was washed in the first place. To Embeytey’s relief, the new maid decided to show up then and broke the happy news of Aster’s coming into womanhood. Yup! There it is! It was thatunpleasant look clouding her daughter’skohl- adorned eyes at that exact moment that she wanted to be spared from. Somehow, Embeytey understood the qualms her daughter might have about accepting Asteras her daughter but questioned how long it was taking Helen to adjust to the idea.Helen personally knew Aster’s mother and had a prior knowledge of Aster before marrying Gedion.And it was not suchan extraordinary thing for men to have children out of wedlock and later… sometimes quite too late – on their deathbeds introduce them to the family. Perhaps the problem was Gedion hadn’t askedHelen before bringing in Aster as she so claimed. Or he just told her about it. Gedion did what he believed is right. No matter the cost or resentment. And so far, things seem to be going exactly according to his wishes. And this applied to anyone and everyone under his roof. As grateful as Embeytey was toher son-in-law who’saccepted her with open arms to have and support till her last days, she has misgivings about his decision for Helen to go back to work after only 22 days of maternity rest. In her book, that was totally a selfish move on his part. But still… the plots her daughter and Genetused to rustle up just to get the girl in trouble were cruel andimmature. That Helen was taking her discontentment with being knocked off her pedestal outon the girl. The malicious handling of Aster would only come back to haunt Helen in a nightmare she won’t be able to wake up. 
“Where’s she?” Helen snarled at Noah.
He shrugged his shoulders and headed inside.Aster was crouched behind the entrance door and trying to listen into the conversation from outside when Noah appeared out of nowhere.Noah jumped and Aster fell on the rear. “I’ll kill her, I swear it, I will”, Aster seethed as she shook dirt off her dress.
Without being told so, he knew who she meant. “I swear it’s not Mariam. It was Elsa!”Aster would live on without ever being able to decipher the look Helen gave her as she confessed to having started her period. Her eyes were oozing with something fierce and ominous. With the accentuated darkened eyelids against the white of her widened eyes, she looked like a crazy person who’s just escaped the loony house. Aster felt her heart sinking. If only she hadn’t believed Elsa with all that empty talk how this happened to every girl growing up and that it was a sure sign of womanhood… yada yada yada. She should have gone with her intuition and knelt down on her knees and said ten Hail Marys. Her father will surely kill her. Aster wished Helen would get on with it and just beat her. She has never seen her getting physical with the kids but she wished Helen would start then. Ah… she has dishonored her mother. There was no way this wouldn’t make it to her mother’s ears. Gedion might even decide to send her back to her mother. Fiyameta had always threatened her about an impending date when she’d have to literally smoke the demons out of Aster with pepper on open flames and that day has actually arrived. Oh my God.Could it have been Genet did something to her? But it’s already a week since that deplorable woman left. Maybe she should let Gedion know about the soccer game.                                                               
Elsa entered with a pitcher of waterand glasses and started setting the table. She quickly scannedthe angry and ready-to-pounce wide-legged, hands on the hips pose Helen bore and the girl’s anxious and contorted physique as though she was bracing herself for a bashing, and wondered ifHelen was really going to beat Aster. She didn’t imagine this escalating to the way things looked now. Elsa switched off the baffled look to one poker-like. She just got hired. She was not going to jeopardize her work by opening her mouth. The girl has to know to fend for herself anyway. Still, Elsa wondered whether Helen harbored the archaic and backward belief that girls only start to bleed after copulation. Most girls in the rural are wedded at premature ages of ten to twelve and they didn’t start their regular courses well into their connubial life or after the birth of their first child. Elsa assumed that Helen is in her late twenties which meant that it was more than likely she had her son at the end of her teenage years or early twenties. She concluded Helen was trying to get a scare out of the girl or was a bit slow in the head. 
Calling to mind the exchange she had during their meeting, Helen had remarked that the older girl was not hers. Elsa didn’t know what to do with that information. She had assumed that the girl was one of those undisciplined wayward girls, and that Helen was giving her the heads up or the green light to sort out the girl as she fit. She had almost backtracked but she needed the money and she’d already spent two nights huddled over the wooden bench at the broker’s shop he begrudgingly allowed her to sleep on with only the thin netela for her back against the dreadful cold that seeped through the weather-worn adobe shop. 
Her previous employer threw her out with nothing except for the clothes on her back. Could she help it if the woman’s husband found her appealing? He looked like a hungry dog, the way his eyes followed her in the house. Maybe she overdid it with the... show of cleavage, flashes of legs, and swaying hips. One morning, assuming both of them have gone to work, she went in their bedroom to make the bed. She didn’t even see him jump out behind the door as she was bent over the bed. He had her in an opportune position. That’s when it dawned on her that this was no game. That the stout and single-minded man was not the boys back home. But it was too late for her to regret or go back to the way things were. Be it the seven-year itch or he found her extremely alluring, he’d have her however whenever his missus and children were not at the house. She had no say in it. The debauchery went on for months. Feeling daring, he upped his game and started to sneak in to her bed after hours. To her relief and great disappointment, the wife caught them and she was given the boot in the wee hours of morning without a cent to her name or the clothes she has amassed to date.
…
At first sight, Elsa had been harsh with the girl and she’d not allow her anywhere near the kitchen. The girl had been too quick to help. Elsa told her off in a biting tone and Aster steered clear. It took only a day or two for Elsa to suspect maybe that was the exact reaction Helen aimed for in the first place, adding such a retarded remark about the girl. She lamented for the unlucky girl who has yet to suffer at the hands of her step-mother. If there was a wayward kid in this house, it’d have to be Mariam. Elsa chuckled to herself recalling a déjà vu like moment when Mariam disclosed to her the same thing. Aster is not my sister. She had chastised the girl. She supposed it was more like Helen sounded a lot like Mariam, rather the other way round. She has encountered one or two moments she had felt like she was in Mariam’s presence – the way sometimes Helencommunicated. It’s not that Helen acted like a child for no-one would accuse Mariam of being one, if not for the physical appearance. It was more like Helen was impersonating Mariam. The little girl was too astute and has a mind too mature for her age and a mouth to go with it. The things that come out of that girl! Elsa tut-tutted under her breath. 
She surmised that Helen knew nothing of life and if Helen’s life path was drawn on a piece of paper, it’d be a straight single line from that of her father’s to her husband’s house. It was possible Gedion had married her for her looks. He nevereven glanced her way once! It was with conviction that Elsaasserted to herself that Gedion had made his own bed and he’s going to have to sleep in it! Woe for the beautiful insipid unloved older woman though who might already be harboring jealousy for the young ’uns. Suddenly, the bedroom door was snatched open and out came Gedion followed by shrieking-with-laughter Mariam. He was grunting and puffing out air, waving his hands madly. Mariam announced of her feat between giggles. That she stuck out her bottom and ripped one out right on top of Gedion’s head while he was sat down to take off his shoes. It was hard for everyone present in the room to keep on with the previous tense mood as Gedion started chasingoff the screeching kid around the room. Noah looked as if he wanted to join in the hoopla but something about Aster kept him back.“Well, alright, a child is still a child”, reasoned Elsa to herself.















Chapter Six
I hate her. I hate Aster. I didn’t tell daddy it was Noah who broke the glass-figurine. Aster accused Mariam of telling on them and slapped her right on the eyes and Noah gave her a box on the nose. Mariam wiped her bloodied nose on her sleeve but more dripped down her chin to the top of her dress.
“Mariam,” the maid called out, “DeakonBetsihahas come…oh dear Lord, what happened to you? Who did that to you?” Miss X. had a shrill voice and the notch got ear-splittingly higher in her alarm. Hadn’t the attention comforted and pleased the unhappy Mariam, she’d have definitely told her to keep it down.Elsa didn’t have to shout,she could hear her quite clearly.
Fresh tears started to roll down her cherubic face. “Aster and Noah beat me. Aster said it was me who told on Noah and Daddy punished him.”
Elsa almost slip out that it was her who told Helen about the broken statuette. “And they left you bleeding like this? Don’t cry. I will show them, okay?” Elsa wiped Mariam’s face with her calloused fingers. She didn’t notice as the girl made a grimace of pain.  “Come… let’s clean you up and change your dress.” 
Mariam grabbed Ms. X’s stretched hand and got out of the bedroom. Father B was laid back on the sofa, his legs, one shorter than the other, stretched out under him.
“Oh… sorry,Aba. I..”
“Father, Son and the Holy Spirit!” Aba Betsiha crossed himself.
Mariam volunteered the information before Elsa could. “Aster and Noah beat me.”
“Oh my poor baby,” he stretched his hands towards Mariam and as an afterthought he took off his snow white netelathat he has always wrapped around his polyester suits.  
“Father, I’ll serve lunch in a bit… let me get her cleaned up first.”
“Where’s the girl? Aster?” 
“She’s gone to take Helen her lunch. Noah went with her. The old woman’s gone to visit her sister.”
“The old woman?” Aba Betsiha asked with one bushy eyebrow arched into his white turban-like headdress. He is the family-priest who baptized each one of the children and provided the service of blessing and sprinkling holy water inside and outside of the house and anyone present at the house every now and then.He was the one Embeytey confessed her sins to when she decided to take the Holy Communion the first round.And he expected to be reimbursed which Gedion does so.
“Forgive me, Aba. I picked that one up from Aster.” Elsa exclaimed horrified at herself.  She glanced at Mariam who stood between Aba Betsiha’s legs.  
“So, we’re alone, eh?”
“Yeah” She replied in hushed tone. Swaying her body side to side, she gave Aba Betsiha a coquettish smile. 
Trapped himself with that one, did he! Aba Betsiha scrutinized her carefully. She was in every sense a comely young woman but a woman nevertheless. She was subtly pushing her shapely breasts forward. The telltale signs of her excitement he saw in her come-hither looks and aroused body told him that he’s going to come up with something… he didn’t know what but it had to be something good. It’s not that she wasn’tappealing to the eyes,she was that and more. It’s just he was not into women. Period. He wondered what he had to doto overstay his welcome todayornext time he comes around. Gawd, he really hated Genet who was like the bloodhounds – abiyot tebaki, the way she kept a close watch on him. But he always had his Clever Dick ways, didn’t he?!
“Let me help you with the girl. Why don’t you get finished with what you were doing?” He jumped to his feet.
“What? No, I couldn’t let you do that.” She pretended to be horrified by the offer. What’s wrong with the man? Here she is offering herself like a piece of wrapped candy for him to unwrap… She let a giggle at the mere thought of getting unwrapped like a candy.
Aba Betsiha got confused by the woman’s contradicting mannerism.“No worries, Elsa It’s Weyzerit, yes?”
He was right on track, he was flirting back. “Yes,” she totally abandoned to look or sound affronted. She reasoned that he might be hungry. Every woman knows the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.
Her relaxed countenance told him she fell for it. “I have known these kids since their birth. I did their baptism. It’s no problem.”
“This way, please” she swayed her hips seductively as she led him to the toilet. “Mariam, be nice, okay?” She handed him a towel absentmindedly as she went through recipes in her head quite determined to whip upa tasty dish. 
Aba Betsiha took the towel in a huff as he scolded himself under his breath. “Look what you got yourself into, Betsiha.” 
“Take off your dress.” He locked the bathroom door and hanged the towel on the hook screwed to the wooden bathroom door.
The impatient tone didn’t alarm Mariam. He was always rushing her. She raised the hem of her dress all the way to her waist and started to pull effortlessly.
“Let’s unzip you first.” Aba Betsiha helped her take off the arms of the dress and the dress dropped at her feet. 
“Take off your panties.” Mariam pushed them down her legs.
“Get on the tub.” She walked the few paces to the bath tub and paused. “I can’t reach it.”
He picked her right off and dumped her in the middle of the tub. He gestured towards the plastic fixture on the wall. “Soap yourself up”. He found a jug on the wash basin and filled it with tepid water. He started pouring on her small fingers that were making a clumsy job of working up lather. “Put back the soap and start washing your face.”
The soap slipped out of her fingers and fell under her feet. “Get on with it. Leave the soap.” Mariam’s slow and uncoordinated attempt was starting to get on his wrought-up nerves. He wanted this quickly done so he could do what he came for. What he always comes for. Blessed be kids who are easily manipulated and coerced if need be,without as much fuss or consequences. 
Aba Betsiha pushed off his sleeves edgily and picked up the soap from where it slid off close to the drain and started cleaning her face and hands vigorously. He was oblivious to Mariam sputters with the lack of air as he poured water right down on her face. She whimpered with the lack of concern. He refilled the jug twice and doused her before he deemed her clean enough. He lifted her up and settled her on her two feet atop the plastic cover of the toilet seat. He took down the towel and covered her with it all the while his left fingers made their familiar route to Mariam’s upper thighs as his right hand hastened to unzip himself free. He regarded dispassionately at his small hard penis tipped with pre-cum stretched to its full girth and extent – the size of his pinkie.  
He was made the butt of his shepherd-mates’ ridicules as a boy who named him teeny Betsiha. As he got older, the nickname stuck and those who knew him and did and did not know of his condition called him teeny Betsiha. He didn’t mind it much then… till the implication and consequence hit him full force and deprived him of the chance to start a family. The family of his betrothed from a neighboring town called off the arrangements set up for Miyaziya wedding without as much explanation. Word of the annulment of the upcoming wedding got out. Young Betsiha’s jilted heart couldn’t bear the whispers and titters of young women behind his back. The head shakes of men folk and the sympathetic looks from mothers, fucking satirical lots, drove him demented and hence the inception of exacting vengeance on those who caused him such a scandal. Slinging his father’s shotgun over his shoulders and strapping on the bandolier, B upped and marched to his longtime childhood friend, now a young man of 22 – married and already with two children, whom as a young boy of 15 started the emasculating label. As Betsiha arrived at the land where his fellow farmer friend was toiling away at his field, he called out his name. Solemnly, Girmachew rose himself up to greet his ill-starred friend whose recent misfortune has made headlines in most household via the grapevines of the town. Betsiha took aim and fired a clean shot at Girmachew left shoulder with his father’s Kalashnikov. He meant it as a forewarning to everyone and anyone who thought it was any longer acceptable to dare call him with that despicable term. For townies, attempts on someone’s life were as good as the actual deed, spurring on feuds. Betsiha’s family had to relinquish a third of their cattle and provide hired hands for the entire year in way of compensation to try and nip the bud of bad blood amongst the families. As for young Betsiha who turned into a beast that got his first taste of human blood, he was already planning the execution of the next victim – his ex-betrothed. Once his plan wasrealized, he knew he’d have no home to return to. Dusting off his feet, he left his home and birthplace and headed toward his next stop, the town where his ex-fiancée resides. 
He made her out easily amongst the women weeding out the wild plants on her father’s field. He followed her patiently and carefully as he waited for the ideal interlude she would be alone. On the third day, he spotted her heading his way. She was carrying clay-made water-pot and teetering along in her haste to catch up with her companions. The task of fetching water is given to women and as a precaution to violations by outlaws or the traditions of abductions of girls by men who might opt out of “makinghonest women” of them, these duties were performed in groups. Betsiha had spied on a group of women going down the treacherous steeply trail down to the river earlier. He made across the corn field stealthily but swiftly. He leapt at her like a wild cat before she had a chance to squeak. Her pot crashed into pieces. She fought him like a prizefighter but she was no match for him, a farmer who filled his days toiling on his father’s and grandfather’s acres of gravelly fields. As soon as he felt her weakening, he shredded her already worn out shorts and entered her like a catapult. His head didn’t register fast enough to the absence of barrier he so needed to shred as he impelled her once… twice… thrice. Whore. He spat at her face. The fury of having being spurned by the hand of an already defiled woman blinded him from seeing the bitter truth staring right at him. No parent would go through nuptial ceremoniesin arranged marriages if they knew about their daughter’s disgraceful status. Betsiha’s bruised ego deemed her the main reason he was forsaking town and jeopardizing his family’s already precarious social status. He needed her to fill all the humiliation and scandal he and his family had to go through. He flipped her over her stomach while clamping a hand over her mouth. It works he whispered hoarsely as hedrove himself through her rear end. At once, he was engulfed with an eruption of indescribable sensation that he was not even aware of the hurried footsteps approaching them. The first blow to his head threw him off her. After her father and brother had cudgeled him to a pulp with their shillelaghs, they threw down a boulder on his head. As he came to semi-consciousness, it was dark and he was being dumped into the cold river he had made several trips to over the last two and half days as he kept track of his ex’s whereabouts.
Something caught Aba Betsiha’s left eye as he vigorously rubbed his manhood against Mariam’s exterior folds. He gazed at the scented soap he used to clean the girl at the same time trying to make the spurts of jumbled thoughts into a sensible sentence. He outstretched his left hand and palmed the slimy orb. It occurred to him that with enough lather, it should slip all the way. He started chuckling at his resourcefulness. He wetted the soap and massaged his member. “Turn around. Hold the cistern tightly.”
…
“Where’s Daddy?” the gloomy expression on Mariam’s face became clouded over with uncertainty and panic as she saw that her mother had come home alone.
“He’s not coming.” Helen replied dryly as she swished by past Mariam. She didn’t give a second thought towards the girl’s apparent perturbed expression. 
The absence of her authoritativehusband meant she’s been reprieved of having to wake up at ungodly hours to go to work or be forced to wait for her husband to come get her long after her employees have all goneand all shops next to her were long closed except hers. She hasn’t got time to learn drive her husband’s Jeep and used public transportation to come and go when Gedion’s away. The house is within few minutes of walking distance from the main street. With or without a man by her side, she dared not come home later than six. They practically lived in the midst of a jungle, a ghetto. 
Baba Paulos, her father-in-law bought them,Gedion, the house as a way of making a statement to exercising his right of veto. He terminated the unwritten contract of father & son business partnership of Liquor Importing and Distribution Company, conveniently so soon after Gedion got arrested again in 1979. Gedion had become quite an enigma to the Derg cadres after his one-time record in 1977. Theywould summon him for “questioning” and detainhimfor the night for no apparent reason – evidently for the kicks of it. Because they could. Dictator Derg giving way to mobocracy. By morning, he would be discharged with an ill-defined warning. 
But this round, Baba Paulos had a prior knowledge of the reason his son wouldn’t get to walk away with just a tap on the wrist. The old man had been indicted of tax evasion before his son’s taking over the business that apparently remained open as yet and the case was opened once again by joined forces of green-eyed competitors and cadres who couldn’t standGedion’sbeing out and about. Baba Paulos was shrewd enough to acquire a hospital paper that saidthat he was an old man fighting off senility and arranged people whoattested to his relinquishing the administrations of the business over to his strapping son long-ago. The charges against the Machiavellian old man were dropped andGedion was once again taken away in handcuffs. As a court order had been issued to have their money in the bank be frozen and their business shut down with “closure” notice on the premises - employees and anyone living on-site were thrown out, includingGedion’s young bridehe married with only threepeople to witness and speak of the happy conjugation. By then, Helen waspregnant with Noah. 
Gedion sent people to his father to assign an attorney to facilitate the court process and get the judge lift up the interdict over their money and have the businessup and running.BabaPaulos turned deaf ears to the numerous go-betweens who had come to him with detailed instructions as to who should be talked toto get Gedion walk out a free man. If not, Gedion needed his father’s help toget him a lawyer and bail him out.Perplexed by the show of ruthlessness, the mediators disclosed the existence of a ‘Helen’ who was well in the way to have her first child with no place to go to. Having found the ground to ran down his son, Baba Paulosfinally announced that he had told his son that he’s betrothed him a woman of status, his equal.He declared to anyone who could hear that he was even going to“allow” him procure a mansion for his future wife. But his defiant son chose to disrespect his own father who lifted him up fromnothing and went ahead and married a woman of his choice – a nobody. Papa Paulos avowed that he won’t lower himself and be involved in such mediocrity of life his son obviously preferred.
It was Gedion himself who advised his father’s envoys that Baba Paulos should not set foot in the prison owing to the erratic system that imprisoned anyone, anytime.Slowly but surely, Gedion began to notethe volume of his frequent visitors dropping off remarkably. It became clear to him that there’ll be no help coming from Baba Paulos. His first court hearing, Gedion stood alone. He declined the court’s offer to assign him a legal aid on his behalf.He made known to the judges that he’d be representing himself. He kept a clean ledger with every record of transactions done with customers and no matter how many weeks or months he stayed locked up, he was dead sure that his precious book and his loyal customers would set him free. During the consequent court appointments, he made a request to present the account book he had used to pay his yearly taxes for many years and three distinguished citizens, his witnesses, with whom he’s done many businesses with over the years. The court granted Gedion his appeal and was given a court date for said evidence and witnesses.
Gedion had total confidence in his customers, chosen ones – what they could and would do for him given what he had to do for them – the once he saved from having to liquidate their businesses and becoming the classic example of bankrupts. It would be an understatement if it was said all hiscustomers trusted Gedion for his superb managerial skills to get the job done minus the hassle and unnecessary expenses. He was sought out by clients who sought anonymity. He lacked his unpopular father’s blatant avarice trait, that and his diplomatic way of handling recurring conflicts with his competitors had reversed the norm of time-honored rivalry worsened by his father’s eccentricity to a much tolerable coexistence. 
Thanks to his father and his “brilliant” ideas of saving the business by offering unlimited credits to customers, they had almost gone out of business. Even so, the only ones who chose to deal with the onerous old man were those who themselves were only short of filing for bankruptcy and whose mere existence depended upon their debtors’, banks and money lenders, due-date of collection and seizure of their assets.Baba Paulos did that one thing that he might perhaps be given credits. He begged and cajoled his son to abandon the“ordinary” life as a universityinstructor at Haileselassie I and finally won him over to start working with him, not for him, at his Welega site company, some 700 kms away from Addis Abeba. 
Once Gedionhad total grasp of the business, he decided to set sail close to the wind and franchise and expand the business with silent partners at different towns and cities where the government wouldn’t dare venture or care to distribute commodities. Indeed, it took weeks of traveling on rugged dirt roads, the only network of transportation, to deliver the goods. And that was if your Fiat N-Tre, known to be tough as nails, survived the long and tedious journey over the unforgiving terrain or the tried-and-tested chauffeurs and their assistants could avoid being sniped at by bandits swarming the suburbs.Socialist Ethiopia followed command-economy and it demanded local goods be sold at prices set by the manufacturer that were all under government. The continued war and scarcity of foreign currency had paved way to an out-of-control illegal smuggling of household items and clothing articles – ready-made and yard goods, food and beverages including liquors and body parts to cars and machines through Moyale, Mogadishu and Djibouti. Baba Paulos was one of thosenotorious contrabandists of his time till he met with a catastrophe of losing everything in just a day. His trucks loaded with said items had been apprehended by newbie authorities at the frontier-post and both the merchandise and trucks were confiscated and the chauffeurs thrown to jail. Baba Paulos became a laughingstock among fellow traders. That’s when he made the “cry for help” that got his son’s attention and rush to his aid. 
Despite the annihilating setback, Gedion called in favors with well-to-do relations who were only too quick to help with the hidden agenda to rub the old fart’s nose later. Gedion made a careful inquiry into who’s who and forged partners in crime, middle to low-rung officials at all the right places, who turned blind eyes to the illegal traffickers and sale of goods at slightly higher than the face value. Soon enough, the business paid dividends and settled debts along their interests. Once again, the company was back on its feet and within few years rose up to its hind legs toa fire spitting behemoth. The raffled feathers of his father’s competitors who didn’t see Gedion contending overtheir local market shares were smoothed down. People who have been provided with the basic necessities with fair take-ups while their own government chose to opt out were grateful. His anonymous partners were paid-off, thus content.
Gedionsuggested to his father now that they could afford it, the time was ripe to buy him a house where Baba Paulos and his fourth contract-based lady companion could live till her child-bearing age was over and she gets discarded like the four before her. Baba Paulos had other nine children born from previous similarly madearrangementsand they needed to be with their father. Gedion foundhim a spacious two-storied mansion with five bedrooms on the main house where the master bedroom was fitted with a dressing room and an en suite bathroom while the rest shared common bathrooms. The house had a library and extraordinarily designed balcony with a panoramic view of Addis Abeba at a posh neighborhood commonly known as Old Airport. Gedion also splashed out on a Land Rover from a diplomat who had finished his term and was leaving the country and gave it his father.The self-absorbed man divulged to his friends that surely his son was taking more than his share of the profits.
Baba Paulos got wind of the implausibly speeded up court proceedings and hastened to buy a house, a mediocre adobe in one of the poorest and sleaziest vicinity, a breeding ground for muggers and cat-burglars and child prostitutes. He professed to finally giving in to the pressures of the mediators and added in a marginal-income generating small business. Baba Paulos sent the legal documents of the house and the shop with a word of cautionthat under no circumstances was Gedionto contact him in the future. That he, Baba Paulos, has given him more than he owed Gedion.
Gedion got out a free person after a year and four monthsof prolonged court trial. He chose to make his first stop at a friend, Demisew, one of his hardy ex-drivers across country and who’s been there for him during the seemingly doomed and murky business of his trial. He had rallied the town’s prominent residents round when the court declined Gedion’s appeal without a hearing and pressured the court for a fair trial. He had made quite a contribution in the collecting and developing evidences against his charge among other things. 
Gedion learnt that he had long been delegitimized… scratched off his and his father’s company and that his name was soon overwritten by another son of Baba Paulos.He was disowned. It was in his best interest not to set foot at the once barely habitablelet alone conduct a business, rat-hole for a building, that he had gotten demolished and built again into a fit and comfortable housing. He had hosted several meetings during his “make-peace” campaign between the market shareholders in the town and made so many “life and death” decisions and achieved great things. It was jarring to hear that his own father cleaned him out. It was quite a reality check to all the hypotheses he had come up in his head over the months.He realized then he had been a castaway all along.                                  
Although a bitter pill to swallow, Gedionhad to ask for a bus-fare that would take him to his wife, Addis Abeba, and the son he has not seen yet. Demisew wouldn’t hear of it. He drove Gedion in his truck bought on account of Gedion’s thriving business that enabled him to start his own. He escorted him to where the house was said located. Shanty lodgings that looked like drunken men supporting each other by the shoulders swarmed the offensive smelling squalor for neighborhood. The partly rusted corrugated iron fenced-in compound made the house stand out from the rest of fifty fucking shades of grey surrounding. The gate was partially opened and they let themselves in. Soon as he entered the main house devoid of any eye-worthy furniture as though it got recently been broken into, his appalled eyes located his faded wife withered with the hard knocks of life and couldn’t… wouldn’t control the tears streaming down his face. Helen rose from a squeaky bamboo chair and laid in his embrace a chubby baby boy who was the exact replica of his dear mother short of her straight nose. Gedion had come a long way and here he is with a second, third chance at re-establishing his life and he vowed to himself that he would make it through.
…
That night, Mariam ate her dinner in a confused state, silently, as she tried to digest what happened that day. Aba Betsiha had warned her severely not to breath one word of it to anyone as he always did but she still would have confided in Noah that she hurt thereexcept Noah and Aster were prattling on and cackling about nothing in particular while at the same time making faces at Mariam. They were obviously gloating over their undoubtedly near miss with GedionElsa had threatened to tell on them earlier and they had practically been slaving away the rest of the day to sway her not to.
Gedion has gone to western Ethiopia to check into the rich lands that had become gold mines in a way of cotton plantations. 
…
“What?” her mother’s change of tone and facial expression told Mariam she was right all along. “What did you say? Who said that to you?” 
“Aster and Noah told me. And I… ”
“Mariam, you’ve turned into the most revolting girl. I thought you learnt your lesson when your father had to discipline you the last time. You hear me? I’ll not be known as the mother who raised a vulgar girl. Now, get out of my sight!”
Mariam ran in to the bedroom, face and ears aflame with mortification and crawled under her bed. She strained to listen into her mother’s following exchange as she expected her to continue yelling at Aster and Noah but all that drifted from the living room was Helen’s characteristic drawl in a dialogue with Elsa bubbly ones just as they had been before Mariam interrupted them. Mariam had never expected it was she who’d be at the receiving end of such reproof. But what of Aster and Noah who lied about how babies come out? Aster said the mommies push them out their pee-pees and Noah nodded as a confirmation.She wondered if they said it to get her where she was right then. She worried her bow shaped pink lips as she thought of a witty quip guaranteed to entertain her cross mother. But then again, Mariam was never rumored as the funny one. Feeling despondent, she stuck her thumb into her mouth and got down to sucking.  
“Mariam” It was Noah calling her. Mariam had nodded off right under the bed, on the uncomfortable hardwood floor. Mariam wriggled out. “Mom left with Nana to visit a relative. Elsa is gone. It’s her day off.”
Mariam shuffled out of the room. The TV was muted to a soft hum. Sunday programs on TV were always the best but there was a telethon thing going on. Aster was sound asleep on the big bed in the living room.
“Let’s play the police and thief game.” Without waiting for her response, Noah sprinted to bring his water gun. 
Mariam didn’t feel like running around. She felt tired and feverish. “I’d rather play the doctor and patient game.”
“We’ll play that afterwards.”, Noah insisted. “I’ll be the police.” 
“I want to be the police.” Mariam protested. 
“You don’t have a gun and I’m not giving you mine.” Noah grumbled, “and there are no women police.”
“Yes, there are. Remember, those women with big guns and bullets Genet brought here.”
“They are not police women. They’re just Weyane –warriors.”
Mariam contemplated how she would get out of getting roughed up by spooky Police Noah. He uses excessive force during the game and if she cries, the game instantly changes for the worst and ends with a tear-shed or blood-fest. And when she finds a way to outsmart him and turn the table on him, instead of admitting defeat, he turns aggressive and throws a fit. He hurls insults at her and things start flying everywhere. Daddy isn’t here and Mom does nothing.
“But thieves are men.” She reasoned as she carefully gauged Noah reactions. He was already fidgeting like a cat on hot bricks. His brown eyes had widened and his button nose was flared up. Mariam turned away helplessly and spied Aster’s sleeping form under the yellow-brown striped crochet-cover. 
“Let’s see what Aster’s butt looks like.”
Noah eyes bugged out of their sockets.“What?!”
Undaunted by his voice change, she reasoned, “let’s get her naked like Genet did with us. We’ve never seen her naked.”
Noah shrugged his shoulders. “Alright.”
Quite smug with her ploy, Mariam approached the bed, with curious Noah hot on her heels. She lifted off the cover. Aster was lying on her stomach and her skirt had gathered around her thighs. Mariam pushed it all the way to her hips.
“Huh”, Noah gasped softly as Mariam uncovered the mickey-mouse imprinted whitesthat could only go high enough to cover half of Aster’s ebony buttocks. “I thought I had lost them.” Noah sunk his teeth into his rosy thick lips trying to curb his rage. Clutching at said lost panties, Noah screamed at the top of his throat. “Aster, get them off”. Aster sat bolt upright, startled, her hazy brain unable to grasp the reason for the rude awakening.
“You stole my panties.” Noah bellowed as he pointed to her crotch.
Aster was quick to cover her nakedness. She was both flabbergasted and furious at Noah’s inappropriateness and indecency. Her stunted mind wouldn’t let her broach the subject of how he even found out.
She grabbed Noah by the neck of his t-shirt and gave him three quick blows to the face. Noah started screaming in exasperation than pain. She had him at a disadvantage because of the elevated bed and easily deflected his retaliating strikes. He tried to hop on the bed several times but she repeatedly pushed him off with her feet. 
“I’ll tell Mom that you stole my panties.”
“Not if I tell her first what her rude boy tried to do.”
“It was Mariam, not me and I don’t care if you tell her.”
“Mariam?!” Aster cried in disbelief.
A body thumbing down on the floor got both of their attentions and they swung in the direction the sound came from. Mariam has fallen prostrate on the floor, her body shaking in a spasm. 
“Mariam?!” Aster cried panicked and jumped off the bed and landed near Mariam. Noah had already crouched down next to Mariam. “Mariam… Mariam” Aster carefully turned over Mariam’s limp body. The fit seemed to be over. The visible white of her partially opened eyes freaked out Noah to no end.
“She’s not breathing.” He muttered hoarsely, eyes glistening with tears.
“Noah, call Helen!” Aster tried to think of how her mother would have dealt in this kind of situation. She has noticed that Mariam’s body was hot to the touch.
“I don’t know where she is. The only emergency number by the phone is her working place. Mom’s gone visiting. What do we do?”
“Fetch me water with that blue plastic basin and a towel.”
She hauled off the feverish girl and laid her down on the bed as Noah sprinted to action. She took off Mariam’s sweater while Noah brought forth Aster’s requests. She immersed the towel in the cold water and squeezed out a bit. She spread the wet towel over Mariam’s neck and chest. She twisted one end over her head to the other side of Mariam’s face. Aster repeatedly did this for half an hour with Noah helping by changing and replenishing with tap water. Neither one of them had inkling about the dynamism of the human body but both agreed that Mariam’s condition seemed to have taken a change for the better. They stood side by side as though sixty minutes ago didn’t happen, observing Mariam’s normalized breathing.  
“Noah, let me give you and Baba bath before they come.”
“What about Mariam?”
“She’s not woke up yet. Maybe later …”
“I can get cleaned up by myself, you know.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. Also, Daddy says I should start.”
“Okay. Sure.”  
They moved along silently to attend to the tasks at hand. It was well after both had finished that Mariam woke upcrying and asking for her daddy. An hour was left before snack time but Aster and Noah were busy gobbling down P&G sandwiches they had made.Aster felt the bed and was dismayed to find Mariam had wet the bed onNana’s side.
“Where do you hurt?” 
“Down there… my pee-pee hurts…”  
“Don’t cry, alright? Let’s change your trousers first.”
Mariam kept wailing. “Daddy… I want Daddy.”
“There’s no Daddy. I’m here. Let’s see.” 
As Aster made a move to take down the wet trousers, Mariam started sobbing miserably. “It burns. It burns. Daddy…”
“Yosef and Mary,” exclaimed Aster as she bared Mariam’s upper thighs. 
“What are those?” whispered Noah, pointing to the blisters on Mariam’s outer vulva.
Aster made her rotate and both gasped at Mariam’s bruised and reddened bottom. “What happened to you?”Her head was instantly filled with fury at her father’s callousness. How could he beat a four-year-old baby this hard?
Noah looked as if he hasn’t still found his voice and he spoke softly. “It is Aba Betsiha.” Mariam nodded.
Mariam’s undeveloped head was quite unprepared to further analyse Noah’s testimonial-like statement. But she was quick to defend the clergyman whom she has taken a liking to. “How? When?”
“Remember you and Noah beat me. Father B took me to the bathroom and he did this to me.”
Aster drifted off for a second as she went over that day. Did they go overboard with the punishment thing? Noah must have hit her again at her back. Aster asked again, still undecided. “He hit you?” 
Mariam shook her head.
“How did he do this to you then?”
Mariam shrugged and started to whimper. She didn’t want to be cross-examined. 
“Noah, someone’s knocking. Go get the door.”
It was Elsa She had on new clothes. Red scarf, red sweater and red skirt. Helen has given her her monthly wage.
“Get her dressed. She’ll catch a cold. Today’s rather a chilly evening.” Elsa babbled away as she swooshed by leaving a trail of floral scent behind her. 
“Elsa, Mariam’s not well.” Aster Shouted after her.
“What?” 
“Mariam…” Aster thought it was best to leave the maid out of this.
Elsa disappeared into the toilet and was out in a lightning speed in her working clothes and rushed in to the kitchen to get dinner ready. 
Aster and Noah looked at each other helplessly.
“Mary, let me wash you from the waist down, alright?” When she saw that Mariam looked as if she was about to cry. “I’ll be gentle, okay?”
Aster sighed in relief as she heard Helen voice conversing with Noah and not a minute after, Helen barged into the toilet while she was drying Mariam off. “What happened to her? And why did you let her sleep on the bed?You know she wets the bed when she sleeps. Can’t I get a one-day rest?”
By now, Aster has familiarized herself with Helen’s irrational behavior and unjustified accusations that used to reduce her to tears and give her headaches, now just pricks at her like a reminder of sort. Her long ago trembling voice when faced with such confrontations had long taken a much drier tone.
Aster made a quick decision to give her the abridged version of the story. She concluded that the ambiguity to the story was not worth going into details with the whimsical woman. “She fell on the floor and was shaking. While I was laying her down on the bed, I felt her temperature was high so I tried to cool her off with a wet towel. After she woke up, she was crying that she was hurting around her… panties area and…” Aster trailed off feeling that she has said enough of what needs to be said.
Completely missing the point, Helen goaded. “And…?”
Aster moved Mariam closer to Helen and slowly unwrapped the towel. Helen waved her hands as to rush them out. “I’m not a doctor. I’ll take her to a clinic tomorrow. Are you finished here? I need to use the toilet. Help Elsa flip the mattress.”
Aster couldn’t be sure what to think as she led Mariam to the bedroom. She dressed Mariam in a loose fitting pajamas but left out panties.
…
The senior HO took his eyes off his desk and glanced up at the mother who suddenly seemed shy and busy studying something on her lap. He supposed the demure body gesture as womanly, natural and expected not just the motherlypremonition alertingher of what’s to come next. She had told him at the beginning that she has barely time for herself let alone her children. “In fact,” she added with a bit of vehemence, “I had to shut my shop to bring her to the clinic.” Markos let parents or caretakers of patients purge in hopes of finding clues to his patient’s cause of illness and bettering his patient’s quality of life. “My husband and I come home from a long day at work to find them feverish and sick and we’re right back on the road to take them to a hospital.” 
He doesn’t know what made him ask her but he did. “Have they been breast-fed as babies?”
“Their father wouldn’t let me stay at home more than a month and I’m at my work desk right after some weeks of rest and none of my children would take in my breast when I returned home. They’ve pretty much been bottle-fed since one-month old.” 
“It’d have been best for your children’s immunity had they been breast-fed for at least the first 6 months after birth. Nevertheless, you need to make sure that their personal hygiene is maintained; this includes their care-takers… nannies or maids and the food they eat is prepared in a clean manner.”
“Doctor, I go to work at 7 and come home late evening – tired and drained to my bones. Let alone know how my children fared or what they had for lunch, I have a vague memory of what I had for dinner yesterday.” 
HO Markos almost shuddered with the thought of the type of news he was about to break it to her. But still, he’d rather deal with hysterical mothers any time of the day than fathers who throw up “boy-tantrums” just to appease their egos instead of trying to comprehend the extent of damage to their children and find ways to support them however they can. As though he had yet to see the result, he started shuffling through the lab report. Just that one paper, really. There are moments when he hated his line of profession and this was one of them. 
“Weyzero Helen, it seems like… uhm, the lab report shows…uhm… that your daughter’s contracted a venereal disease. It’s usually characterized by the sores she has on her vulva and rear end. It’s mostly transmitted through intercourse. I have also noticed some bruises around… her bottom. Her virginity is intact, but the sores around the anal opening and the bruise marks are clear signs of molestation if not anal violation. Due to our limited laboratory reagents, we couldn’t rule out the other genital-ulcer causing germs that could also be the cause and to be quite honest, in these situations, if you contracted one, the other is surely around. But I can’t prescribe a medication solely based on my hunches. Therefore, I strongly advise you take her to a higher facility for more lab tests today. But for the lab finding here, I’ll write you a prescription that she needs to start taking as soon as possible otherwise the infection might spread to her lymph nodes which will further complicate her treatment. For the weeping sores, you’ll need to clean it using saline water or bath her in saline water or let her stay soaked in tepid saline water for a while.” He reeled off without a break and seemingly without having to take a breath. 
“For how long does she need to take it?”
HO Markos didn’t know what came over him as he snapped at the woman. “The pharmacist will tell you that!”He scrawled down the medicine and the course of therapy and ripped the paper off carefully and handed it to her. She accepted the prescription and thanked him timidly. At once, the parent in him took pity on her, 12 hours working parent who has no knowing of what goes on inside of her house. He added as though comforting her. “She needs to take it four times a day, for seven days.” 
He let out a long sigh as the woman closed the door behind her and her daughter. He was amazed how easy that had beenand then started to wonder if it ought to be that easy? The mother just took it without a flinch or fidgeting.She didn’t even bat an eyelid. Was that first remark with “I go to work at 7 and come home late evening.” bit she threw at him her way of escaping to take responsibility? That weasel of a woman already knew the condition of her daughter was in before bringing her. God! And he was wondering the whole time he was going on about the lab report, why the woman looked unaffected by what he had to tell her about her little girl? Hadn’t been for the resemblance in looks and coloring, he’d have concluded the little girl was a step-daughter or something. He had almost suggested that she take legal actions against the molester. The last time he did that, an irate foster father had walked in with a loaded Beretta shouting for the “sonovofbitch” who dared taunt a noble man as him. 
…
Mariam didn’t like the way her daddy was talking to the doctor. He sounded angry. He came home late last night and early morning he woke her up and dressed her roughly and brought her to the clinic, a different one than where her mom took her two weeks ago and a different doctor. She was too scared to ask why he brought her here.She wasn’t sick. 
“As I was saying”, the pediatrician continued patiently “pin worms cause severe itching mainly around the anus extending to the vaginal area causing bleeding and bruising or secondary bacterial infections. The anti-parasite needs to be given to her for three days and you need to repeat the dose after two weeks. I’ll also write a prescription of Zinc oxide ointment that needs to be applied on the anal region. It’ll help relieve the itchiness.”
“So you found nothing suspicious that might lead to that quack’s conclusion?”
“She should have come to us sooner a month later. She’s taken the full dose of the prescribed antibiotic and said sores usually heal with or without medications. The lab diagnosisfor STDcame with nothing. Could you perhaps go back… and talk to the physician who made the prognosis?”

The story will definitely continue. 
Please drop me any comment at segenhailegebre@gmail.com
Thank you!

