


  The
Smothery
Clouds

By
Marris Liam

















Acknowledgement
Thank You  mom, for supporting me ,always motivating me to never stop writing. Who is always there to listen to my stories.And always encourage my ideas.

Thank you, Dad, for always giving me some new ideas for new stories. Thanks to my ever-loving and adoring sis as well as my best friend. Always encouraging upon my creativity.

Prologue
With my shaky hands, I was trying to find the lock of a door, by touching it through senses, just like a blind person does. I was not feeling good, like__ as if some bad vibes were approaching me. I could feel it.
My hand finally reached for the door handle as I let out a small sigh of relief. I curled my fingers tightly around the handle as if I knew my survival was dependent on it. I attempted to open the door. It didn't open. I again pulled down the handle several times, simultaneously pulling it but sadly, the same thing happened that I always fear about it.

The handle let loose and fell to the floor with a resonating clang. That voice made my heart thud against the chest. It throbbed intensely against the chest but more forcefully. It was precisely paralleling that voice of what just happened between the time of my heartthrob and the handle that I was holding.
"Amanda?"
I called out her name as I realized that I was stuck inside. She had told me she would be outside the washroom, waiting for me, that I needn't worry. She was not my friend; instead, she became just by today.
I called out her name again with hope. But, no response.
"Amanda, are you there?" I shouted, banging loudly on the door this time.
I found myself breathing with extreme fear. There were violent shivers in my fearful breath. But still, no one was there outside—pin drop silence. My mind constantly reminded me that I had to believe that I was trapped.
"Is anybody there!?" I yelled. And then I heard the mall's announcement in a female's voice.
"Customers, please leave this area as the mall will close by 8:30 PM..Thank you."
Hearing this, I felt terrified. I started screaming at the top of my lungs, knocking hard on the door. I began to cry, my throat going dry from shouting for help. I let out a loud gasp as I heard the lights suddenly getting switched off. Now I was taking long and deep breaths, but loudly.
"Anyone-"
I struggled to breathe and clawed at the wall, desperately attempting to get air into my lungs, but I ended up slowly crumbling to the floor. I labored to breathe. And it felt like the kind of breath, which was near to death.










                                                        




                                                             1
Waitress
Working as a waitress drained the energy out of me, leaving me super tired by the time I reached home after my shift. As soon as college hours ended, I immediately had to run for the job. I'm not fond of it at all, but at least it's the most normal thing in my life. If it weren't for that day, I would still have enjoyed my time with my family. Instead of spending quality time and hitting beautiful spots for picnics with family, I gained a lot of stress due to my load as a waiter.
I let out a small sigh of awe as I gazed up at the split sunset, drowning beneath the sea, leaving a trail of silky, orange clouds in the sky. I smiled as the summer breeze slithered through my hair. I shifted my focus to what I was doing: getting the tables ready and in top shape before the restaurant opened for the evening customers.
My workplace was somewhat new: the infrastructure was significant and state-of-the-art, with half of it built over the sea, which was one of the reasons for its popularity. The waves from the mighty ocean hit against the massive wooden beams that supported the more significant part of the restaurant. The cool breeze from the sea would make the foundations shudder and creak, adding to the thrill of the whole dining experience. The restaurant gave the feel of one sailing on an ancient ship. The actual dining area was out in the open space, under the sky, with tiny lights dimly lighting the whole place up and further adding to the aesthetics. It looked spectacular at night, giving off a dim, amber glow to the sea. No wonder celebrities and elite class people came here.
Most of the time, it was hustling and bustling with customers. It was slowly getting dark, and the customers steadily trickled in.
I was always nervous working there. But it was growing on me now. I was gradually getting used to it.
I noticed some people standing beside the railing, enjoying the view, while some were busy with their conversations. There were others taking pictures of the seagulls and the dolphins that would jump from the sea from time to time.
The only thing I liked about my job was the beautiful view of the sea, and luckily today, my task was to serve and take orders from the customers in the outdoor dining area. Since our manager was all about taking care of the customer's needs, they trained us to ask them if they needed anything every five minutes. It was so annoying because we always had to plaster a smile on our faces and BE
POLITE-my God, what a hectic life.
However, to my surprise, the customers were giving back good responses. Some of them were pretty friendly, cracking jokes, which lifted the restaurant's mood in general.
At 9:00 pm, it was almost time for customers to leave. People were going while talking and laughing as if they had a great time there. The workload for me was getting reduced. I was feeling relieved.
I was standing away from the Terris, where I could look at the dark sea, a reflection of the sky. The bright moon glistened down the sea. Its white light reflected on it, making a picturesque scene; the burbling of water was an ASMR for me.
I was looking ahead with a slight smile on my face, holding hands behind my back.
My brown-haired pony dangled as the light and cool breeze passed through it.
At one table in the outdoor area, in the corner of the left side, I saw a large family sitting near the sea; their laughter after every second drew my attention.
A bald man was entertaining them, who I assumed to be the father. They were all enjoying the food, and their loud laughter could be heard from the indoor dining area. They seemed to be an elite class family. As they looked like egoistic people. I guess so. As I could gauge them from their faces along with their gestures. I smiled at them.
It's because the bald man seemed sweet and jolly observing from the way he talked, and he reminded me of my dad before marrying another woman and leaving us without saying anything. To this day, mom and I have no idea of his whereabouts. I was only 8 years old.
I walked gracefully towards them, to which I later realized that it was not right for me to ask. I bent down a little as a manner of courtesy, "Is everything alright, Sir?" I asked, but I didn't get a reply. Maybe he didn't hear me or if he had deliberately ignored me. I felt a bit embarrassed as not even the family members said anything to him or responded to me. Except few members of that family were looking at me.
As they have sensed my feelings.
"Um… Sir, is everything alright?" I asked again. And I found my voice getting trailed off when he stopped chewing and turned his head towards me, giving me an intense glare, making me realize that I've messed up, and now everyone at the table was looking at me.
Great! My luck! I mentally threw my hands in the air.
"I guess we are eating if you can see with your eyes." He insulted me.
I quickly forced an apology before the matter got worse. At that table, an infant threw up, and her mother quickly grabbed a napkin and started to clean it up with it.
"Give that to me." The man ordered while looking at me with that same intense glare. The woman looked up and slowly handed it to him, confused. He snatched that napkin rudely from her hand.
"Yes, we need your help." He threw the napkin at me, which landed on my white uniform, leaving a barf stain. "Wash this!" He spat in disgust. Rolling his eyes, he resumed his conversation and laughter while eating, which the rest of the family could not do, stunned by his behavior.
That is why they say; you should not judge a book by its cover. Some people may look kind and sweet from their faces, but eventually, they turn into heartless jerks out of nowhere.
I slowly turned back and walked straight into the kitchen, feeling utmostly embarrassed. I entered the kitchen as I stood in front of the basin and sighed, looking ahead, feeling awe-full, as I wiped off my tears. I turned up the basin handle and began to wash off the stain. Another waitress came with a stack of square-shaped plates, kept it near me, and went away. I then took those square-shaped plates one by one and began washing them.
From the parallel vision, I noticed that someone was slowly walking towards me as if they wanted to say something or say other pathetic things for me. I didn't bother to look at them. I just want to avoid them. I kept on washing plates.
"I am sorry.." A kind and polite voice with an apologetic tone shifted into my ear through the water gushing down from the basin. That voice was only meant for my ears. I turned my face and saw them. A mother in a black full sleeve dress with brown silky straightened hair. She looks young. She was holding the infant as well. "No, it's okay.." I replied as I smiled at her and then continued washing it. "Actually, my husband is like that," She said, but I didn't say anything, which later allowed her to speak a bit more, which was connected to reality as well. "But, don't worry, time will make him realize." At this, we both chuckled. "Right.." I smiled while nodding.
And then she stood there for a little while. "Um...This girl had to say something." "Yes, what is it?" I replied politely. She then took a slight step closer towards me.
And then I felt that someone had kissed my cheeks.
"You are so pretty." That little girl said after kissing me.
I looked at her, "Thank you, cutie pie." I smiled, "She does it to those who she finds pretty or beautiful. So.. out of habit." Her mother jokes, and at this, we both laughed a little. "Okay, so I am going, otherwise my husband will get mad at me; basically, I made an excuse that I forgot my essentials . Otherwise, I am not like that."
I chuckled, to which she accompanied me. "Okay, by, take care."
"By," I said, and then they left. That little girl's sweet kiss and that woman's behavior of kindness slightly lifted my mood. "Seems like she has become your friend." One waitress said to me while cleaning the counter. She smiled approvingly.
"Yeah, I think so." I said to her,


But, as soon as I said this, it reminded me of something. I immediately bent down the basin and wiped off my cheeks with plenty of water because I remembered that the infant had puked earlier.


                                                                                                                                                                                 
  2
Carnival
In the lane of the residential area, where the roads were almost clear, I was walking in the cold night, crossing my arms to keep myself warm. The temperature dropped to 10°C. I was just two steps away from the house. One week ago, I submitted my book for publishing. Which goes by the name of ‘Heal thy self.” Writing a book on healing someone makes me feel good. Too good, like any other thing. For me, I would signify this as the world's best feeling. This too, was growing me elated. Just then my home came into view. I then reached near the door and put the key inside the lock as I turned it to open “Charlotte!! Charlotte….!!” my mom shouted with zestiness as she quickly reached down the stairs. This almost made me startled as I immediately  turned back after locking the door.
As my mom stood in front of me with a huge ear to ear smile on her face.
"God mom, you scared the hell out of me." I said, closing my eyes in relief, placing my hand on my chest.
"Look what your mom got for you!!" And then my mom showed me a book that made my day. 'Heal thyself.' by Amy Whisperer. This was my pen name.
"Oh my God…!!!!" I exclaimed loudly, as I covered my mouth with both hands.As I shouted to which mom also accompanied me. We hugged each other tightly and began to jump. Tears fell from my eyes. "Can't believe it!" I exclaimed.
"I am proud of you  Charlotte." Mom encouraged me.  She then handed me a book
"Go, get fresh, I am laying out your favorite dish."
"Great!" I said, and then I headed towards the stairs.
After dinner, we decided to play our favorite game, Pictionary, so we moved to a lounge and sat on a rectangular table. We sat on a maroon carpet around that table. Mom and I were sitting in front of each other. A lamp in the corner gave an amber glow to our room. We would both usually play games after I'd get back from my shift, and her drawings always made me laugh. Which made my day. Basically I love to play with her.
"Okay, you start," I said to mom, suppressing my laughter by pursing my lips.
"Fine.." She said as if she had given up and knew that her daughter would laugh at her, which is true.
Mom took out a card from the stack of cards. She took out the blue one. And gave a quick read of it. "Okay...all of them are hard...she flipped the card back to see if she could find an easy one, and I guess she found it.
She grabbed a copy and pencil beside her, and I kept the pink-colored hourglass in front of her, and she began to draw on it.
"A basket?" I guessed.
And she nodded with a small, challenging smile.
And then she started to draw something inside the basket, which I didn't get. "Are you trying to make a cat..?"
She shook her head. She was also using sign language for me for a short time, and then she used to draw. After a couple of seconds, I realized she was trying to make a chimpanzee. She was giving too many tries, making the weirdest creatures that I hadn't seen in my life. It made me burst into laughter as I failed to control it.
"Okay...I know...my drawing is pathetic." She said, feeling awkward and that I could gauge on her. "Please stop laughing...I am trying my best.." But I was unable to control it. The more I laughed, the more she felt embarrassed, but instead, she was also smiling. It seemed like she was also suppressing her laughter. The way I was laughing made it hard to control her laughter as well.
I laughed till I got cramps as I leaned myself back on the foot of the lounge sofa. I laughed like crazy until my mom made it, "done!" Her voice was as if her biggest mission had been accomplished. Finally,
"A chimpanzee in the basket," I said when my laughter died out.
"Correct.." She said in a complimenting way, pointing her finger at me.
Just then the doorbell rang. "Who is it?" Mom asked, knitting her eyebrows down. "Let me check," I said as I scrambled to stand up and walked towards the door, which was located in the middle in between the dining table and lounge.
I opened the lock by the handle and opened the door,
"Hey!" They exclaimed. Ebba and her brother Adam were standing. "Hello!" I
said, and I hugged both of them. "What a pleasant surprise!"
"Well, your house full of cheerful laughter draws us back here," Ebba said as she smiled and shrugged. Like my laughter bound her to come here.
"Oh, didn't know, my laughter could be that loud." I was surprised by this fact.
Ebba has black wavy curly hair. And Adam has messy black hair. He is a bit chubby and healthy, but it doesn't look bad.
Ebba has a cute, charming face, And has some bangs on her forehead. But for me, many people say that I am attractive, charming, and pretty with rosy pink lips. My brown hair is silky and lovely. Everyone says that I have a cute, polite, and adorable smile.
But I don't think so. Or I guess I have never noticed it. Because I believe that personality matters the most than beauty. Otherwise, it gets sidelined. And I always be careful, keeping in check with my deeds. Not hurting someone by any means.
"Come in..come in," I said joyfully, giving them space to enter inside. Standing on the left side of the entrance, holding the door. When Ebba and Adam entered, they both greeted, "Oh hello, Aunt Lula.",
Their presence suddenly enhances the environment and my feelings inside me. I felt like it was Christmas.
What the bald man said, how he behaved. How he embarrassed me. All vanished from my mind as if someone had vacuumed it. And sprayed the lavender with an aroma. Because to me, they are party people. They are a source of joy.
"Hello." She waved. "Come join with us,
"What are you guys playing?" Adam asked in a babyish way.
"You know what guys, you came at the right time, we were playing Pictionary," I said, facing them while heading towards the kitchen.
"Wow, this is my favorite game!" He exclaimed. As he was reaching towards that lounge's table with Ebba. Ebba was coming behind him.
"To me, it's not…." Ebba said.
"I haven't asked your opinion, though." He replied arrogantly. Ebba gave a short glance at him.
As he sat down on a carpet, so did Ebba.
"She is just telling her opinion," My mom said to him. Trying to neutralize it.
Meanwhile, I was coming back from the kitchen, holding a tray of two glasses of refreshments as I kept it on the table in front of them and sat along with them, crossing my feet.
Ebba And Adam would often come to our place for a game or two. Ebba and Adam were my close friends and neighbors; you could say we had known each other since infancy.
We met each other for the first time in the fall when they and I shifted into this street. It was one rare coincidence.
In pictionary we enjoyed it to the fullest. Laughing. It seemed as if a party was going on. After that game, we decided to play another game. And that game was introduced by Adam. He saw it from the internet. He said that we had to close our eyes in this game, and one player would say a sentence, and the other players would have to write it down. And the one who gave the sentence will compare how they have written it.
It was not all about writing down a sentence. We can also draw by hearing what the speaker describes. And this game was new for all of us.
"Okay, now I want you to write it down....umm.." He thought, "Yeah, write, Adam is the best." Adam said quickly but enough for us to understand it. That sentence made us giggle. We all wrote it down.
After writing it down, we all opened our eyes and saw it. Mom and Ebba's writing was like they had written another language, and I was surprised to see mine. I had written it perfectly well! I should count this as my hidden talent, I thought to myself. "Nice try." He nodded in approval. "But you all are losers!" He taunted.
"Why? How come?" Ebba was shocked and a bit confused.
"That's because it's written in this way," He grabbed my copy, and he wrote it down: "@dam is the best."
"Hey, that's your Facebook profile name!" Ebba protested. Adam laughed mischievously.
"You are so mean!" Ebba playfully shoved him as we all were laughing. "Since it was very clever of him to trick us that way." Mom appreciated it and laughed joyfully.
Now it was Mom's turn. And she said, "Charlotte the lioness." I felt a bit weird and quirky because Adam always teases me that I am a freak and thinks that, but I don't know what he is trying to imply. So Adam was about to laugh but managed to control it by keeping his fist over his mouth.
We ignored him. While we were writing it down, Ebba's phone beeped, "Oh! Hold on." She received it and turned the loudspeaker on. She used to do it every time, out of habit.
"Hey Shampain," Ebba greeted.
"Hi, Ebba! I won't be able to make it today because our family has planned to go to a carnival set up near your street." At this, Ebba looked at us, happily surprised.
We all looked at her excitedly.
"Also, my cousins are visiting us, they are coming from abroad."
"Wow! When did they come?"
"Yeah, yesterday."
"Great!"
"Okay, so see you tomorrow."
"No… see you today." As Ebba winked and ended the call. This made us all crack
up. "Good one Ebba," I said to her,
                                       *******************

"Charl have you read that story called 'Behind the Curtain?" Ebba asked as we were sitting in the car and Mom was driving, heading to the carnival. I was sitting in the passenger seat.
"No," I said, turning to look at her.
"You haven't?" She knitted her eyebrows as if she was surprised to know that. As if she might think I am dumb or I am not into what's going on in the world.
"I have read its novel." I nodded approvingly. "It's quite good."
"It's also adapted into a movie. You have to see it, dude. It's an amazing movie. It's become quite popular." She said in appreciation.
"Oh!" I got inspired by this knowledge she gave me. Who are the main characters?
I judge movies by their character's acting."
"Most of them are new, and some you might know. Well, the main lead roles are
Denver Reckon and Leena Russel."
"Oh, I haven't seen Denver Reckon before, but I know Leena Russel."
"Can you guys just shut up!" Adam snapped as he was sitting with crossed legs.
"You guys talk so much!"
"You listen to your favorite Metallica songs. Yuck!" Ebba said in disgust. "At full volume. Enough to explode your ears."
I shook my head, rolled my eyes, and faced forward-thinking they would never stop fighting.
"Never ask for your advice." Said Adam sarcastically. He lit a cigarette and started to smoke, curling his hand around the cigarette.
"God Adam! Quit it!" Ebba shouted frustratingly. As if she is tired of his behavior.
"Stop being a phony drama queen and roll down the car window," Adam said, looking out of the window. Moving his foot, which bobbed up and down.
Ebba shook his head, rolling her eyes.
"Just tired of his act.." She muttered.
"Here we are!" Mom exclaimed joyfully as if she was a teenager. She killed the engine and we stepped out of the car, and as soon as we got out, Adam's friends came high-fiving and hugged him as if they were waiting for him. They went for a hangout. Mom, Ebba, and I were left deciding where to go and who was going with Mom, Ebba, and me. So we decided, as mom wanted to try things alone; so she went the other way and left us.
We both entered through the gate. Before that, a ticket collector took our tickets.
A vast open area was occupied by different colorful stalls and rides. The haunted house, where screaming of people and creepy voices were coming out from it. Game and food stalls, a stage for a concert was set up in which a guy was hosting. Pop music was on the deck. Blaring out of it. "That's my favorite music!" Ebba said to me. Many people were there. It was crowded.
At first, we tried all sorts of stalls, mostly game stalls, and then we sat on different rides; we also sat on a drop tower where we screamed at the top of our lungs, followed by laughter. It was extremely thrilling. I wanted to try more rides, but it was enough for Ebba.
We calmed down our nerves and decided to check out food stalls. Mostly, we were trying tidbits. It was yummy and delicious. We enjoyed it to the fullest. We were also laughing as Ebba was good enough at cracking jokes. Furthermore, we also had an encounter with mom at a cookie and bakery item stall.
It was 10:45 pm, as it was getting late. I was feeling fatigued. After all, I had a long, hectic day. "Ebba, can we go home now? I am feeling exhausted." I said in my weak tone. As if I am out of energy. "Oh...well, haven't we decided to get a
tattoo?"
"Oh right." I realized it. "Okay, then after that, we will go home."
"Okay... okay.." Ebba said considerably.
Ebba pulled out a pamphlet from her jeans pocket and unfolded it. It took a couple of seconds to see where it was. As it was marked among millions of different stalls.
"Can't find it?" Ebba said. By that time, I searched and looked for it, and then my eyes caught on it, just right across us.
"But she is making tattoos over there near the photo booth area," I said, looking at a girl with a hijab, who was making it on a girl's hand in a corner.
Ebba looked up.
"But not with machines. A narrow cone-like thing." She said, confused, biting her lips.
"Let's check it out," I said, looking at her.
"Okay."
We walked towards there and gazed for a few seconds at the magnificent art she made on a girl's hand.
"What is it?" Ebba asked.
"It's called henna." That girl said.
"Henna?" Ebba was confused by this new word.
"Yeah it's a henna, it is a form of body art originating in ancient India, in which decorative designs are created on a person's body, using a paste, created from the powdered dry leaves of the henna plant."
"Oh..." I frowned my eyebrows in an aspiring way, and I knew Ebba would be feeling the same.
"What do you think of, Charl?" She asked me. Making her mind to try new things we haven't tried before.
"Try something different then," I said to her, Ebba nodded slowly.
When that customer left, we both sat on a small wooden chair. Beside us, on the left side, there was a wooden coffee table where silver-colored thin-shaped henna cones were kept.
Ebba and I told her to make an elegant design, a kind of flowery bracelet attached with a ring that looks dainty. I decided to put it first, then Ebba.
"Hey, you guys putting henna?" Mom came while eating Khaosan.
"How do you know that?" I said to her, while that girl was putting henna on my hand." My sister is in India, so she used to put it there." She said, taking a bite of Khaosan.
"Some people also put them here too." Mom said as she took another bite of Khaosan.
"Let it dry and wash it later. It will leave a beautiful red brown color." That girl said.

Coming back from the carnival, I went upstairs to my room and grabbed a laptop on the table right on the left-hand side corner near the opened window.
Even though I was tired, my feelings still provoked me into excitement to watch that movie. So, I decided to watch a film called Behind the Curtain. I quickly reached towards the bed, slumped on it, and lifted the screen lid of the laptop as I sat in a slouching position.
In google, I quickly typed the name of a movie. And I found it in the first link, with the rating of five stars. I then brought the cursor to that link and clicked on it. The black screen appeared in view. And it started to browse. As it took a couple of seconds to do so. By that time, I laid horizontally straight, keeping my hand on the side of my head, supported by an elbow.
After browsing, the movie began. At first, the opening credits were shown. And finally, the movie started through fade-incision.
At first, it was slow and tedious. I was getting tired as I yawned. I looked at the clock, and it showed 2:30 am as if giving me a loud warning to sleep, so I decided to close the laptop, choosing to watch tomorrow, but when I was about to close the computer. As my hand was on the top of the laptop screen. Later, Denver Reckon as Amos Trotter gave an entry on the screen, to which I refused to close it.
It was like the movie saved me from repentance.
"Holly molly...." I mumbled in inspiration; this guy is so gorgeous. A gorgeous person on this existing planet. I thought. Black hair with a tinge of brown swiped right in a decent but some sort of messy way complimenting his tight jawline, pale skin with gray-blue eyes. Wearing a charcoal shirt made his features more prominent. And he deserves all the attention, as his charm makes every girl's heart drop. His character and appearance made his features quite attractive. I guess he was new to the film industry. But I admit his acting was quite remarkable. Maybe he has worked in other movies too. Those movies that I didn't watch. That's why I wondered why
Ebba was blushing when speaking his name on the way to the carnival.

                                                


                                       


                                                      3
Unconsciousness
His beauty and charm made me obsessed so much that it stimulated me to watch more of his. So after watching the movie, like any other fan, I quickly typed and searched for the Denver Reckon interviews. My heartbeat raced million times per second due to the extreme stimulation and excitement. His beautiful smile made me blush hard.
It was 3:15 am, and now I was watching his movie blooper, and from that, I went to the google search bar and typed his name; I eventually moved my cursor on the image and clicked on it. The images flowed down on the screen. I started scrolling through all of his pictures on the internet.
His smile was the best because it made me want to smile. And I guess I have a crush on him.
I hoped I would meet him one day. I hope so.
On Sunday, I grabbed some new magazines from the shelf; those magazines just came out 3 days ago. Thinking there must be a picture of his, and yes, my guess goes right. Spending my whole day shamelessly staring at his photos in a magazine and casually reading his biography, I quickly skimmed the pages, and I reached a cover where he was holding an Oscar, while on the cover on the right, it was a selfie with his castmates. It got too late until my stomach growled loudly for food.
As if it can't bear any more. I then closed the magazine and went out of my room. At night, lying on the bed before sleeping, I kept watching his pics on my mobile
until I got sleepy. I became his craziest fan. The craziest of the crazies…
On Monday, I was in a deep sleep as I always took a nap after school. I had a peaceful sleep, as if I didn't have to go to work. But luckily, my call became an alarm for me. A piece of unexpected information by a restaurant manager seemed like my heart had been embellished with beautiful fairy lights of happiness.
Butterflies flutter in my stomach.
I tried to settle down the butterflies in my stomach when my manager told us that night that a large mob of celebrities would come to Uranus Restaurant tomorrow evening.
After his call ended, I shrieked in elation. As I started jumping. Suddenly, my mother then came into my room as the door creaked. I turned back, and my mom was all dressed up like she had to go somewhere. Dark glasses were hung on her head. "Honey, what happened? Is everything okay? You screamed."
"Umm...no, it's okay.." I suddenly composed my feelings. "Where are you going?" "Honey I have to go somewhere urgently, for some kind of important work, if you are okay can I drop you off at a restaurant."
"Why didn't you tell me before?" I asked, mixed with perplexity overlapping with a bit of shock.
"I will tell you later." She said, and then she went away, leaving the door open. I felt a bit sad. I headed towards the washroom to get changed. White uniform with a black skirt. Wearing black short height heels. Part of the uniform.
After getting ready, I put some blush on and applied bright red lipstick. Giving the final touch to my appearance. I went down the stairs, did breakfast. And we both stepped out of the house. Mom took out her car, and I sat inside.
While driving, She told me that today the call came from a boss that she has to go to Eser town for some sort of work, she didn't bother to say to me.
Before getting out of her car, she said to me, "Have a nice day." As she kissed my cheeks. That was the only kiss she warmly gave me. Better than all of her kisses. And in addition to that, she gave me a warm, beautiful hug which melted my heart just like as if my heart is made up of soft, melty chocolate already but enough to keep it above the fire to get liquidy,
"I don't know when I will come back, but I will come. I hope you will manage yourself well. Okay?" She ensured.
"Yes...mom." I smiled at her, and so did she. "By.." I said as I stepped out of the car. She gave me the last wave, smiling at me, the smile I loved the most. I waved at her, smiling. And then she drove ahead, I gazed at her car until it took a right, and then I couldn't see as there was a blind corner. It was getting a bit emotional for me. I have no idea why my feelings were getting deepened and dark. I sighed by peering down and turned back to head towards the restaurant.
It was 5:30 pm. The restaurant's atmosphere, the afternoon sunlight reflecting on the sea, making it glisten, the gentle waves and the cool breeze, all resonated with my feelings which overlapped my grief.
It was my lucky day; I could feel it. I couldn't wait to see Denver Reckon in person. That was the only happiness I was waiting for. Absolute happiness. But thoughts of my mom's journey were also nagging. Maybe she might be having a safe journey.
I made sure that the staff and I had everything prepared for the guests as soon as they entered the restaurant in the evening.
Soon when the evening took place. I recognized a few celebrities entering the restaurant. "Oh my gosh!" I said silently, filled with extreme joy. One actress was wearing blue-tinted glasses, coming with her husband, whom I also know. Because he was also an actor.
Time passed, and the whole restaurant was soon filled with celebrities by night. My duty was indoor dining.
I attended to all their needs while keeping an eye out for the time.
I couldn't help but be excited as I chatted and took orders from the celebrity guests, but my heart slowly started to sink into disappointment when I couldn't locate Denver Reckon.
"It's okay Charlotte, it's okay, he might be late." I thought to reassure myself.
I continued taking their orders, joining in on their conversations a little while getting back to my work from time to time. I finally got the chance to collect all the plates, glasses and load them all on a tray, making my way towards the kitchen. My pony was dangling as I walked.
I was slowly adding all the cups and glasses on the counter, and just as I was adding the last one, my phone started to ring. I shifted the wine glass onto a tray and took out my phone, knowing that it must be my mom, most likely telling me that she got home.
"Hello,"
"Hello, is this Charlotte Nicole's number?" asked a deep voice, the voice of a mature man.
"Yes," I quickly replied, my heart starting to pound faster in fear.
When he spoke again, I felt as if everything was going in slow motion, unable to breathe due to the shock.
I started to gasp for air as I slowly fell to my knees, losing the balance of the tray and the glass shattering into a million pieces.
My eyes were half-closed, seeing familiar faces gathered around me while feeling the unconsciousness slowly pulling me in. Suddenly I felt someone pick me up, running, shouting for an ambulance. I wanted to tell them to lower their voice, but my eyes were falling to a close.
"Mom"
I opened my eyes weakly as I was discharged from the hospital, thanking Ebba and her brother Adam for bringing me to their home. The same dreams would come every night for the last two weeks. It felt surreal that I began to sleepwalk, quickly trying to make my way towards mom, who had her arms spread out to hug me.
"Mom"
My heart sank in even more disappointment when Ebba woke me up, and I realized that it was all a dream. I couldn't help but cry the whole night, thankful that Ebba was there to console and give me emotional support.
One night it got so bad to the point where I cried until I got an asthma attack. I had no air going to my lungs, and for a second, I thought I was going to meet my mother, but luckily Adam and Ebba tried their best to save me.
"Charlotte, it's going to be alright," assured Ebba as she held me in her arms, gently patting my head. I let out a small mutter of approval. After a few minutes, Ebba lifted my head off her shoulder and looked me in the eyes, her fingers straightening out my messy hair, "Are you feeling a bit better?" I nodded tiringly, letting out a small yes.
Ebba gave me a warm smile, pulling me in for another comforting hug,
"Life can be hard, but it shows mercy towards you sometime later by giving you an unexpected beautiful thing, something you wouldn't have dreamt of." At first, I couldn't make a sentence out of it. Maybe Ebba is saying what she has experienced. But I didn't know how much I could be so wrong. Ebba then made me lie on the bed. Holding me tight into her arms so that I wouldn't feel alone and feel protected, but still, I was in grief; I was still missing my mom, my ever fun-loving mom. Who used to erode sadness in my life. I was feeling dark and hollow inside.
The sun was slowly rising up, replacing dusk. The gradual light rays of the sun were coming into the room through an opened window. My eyes automatically flew open. It was not because of sunlight. I could feel no arms were wrapped around me as Ebba was tossed to the right side of mine. I got up, crossed my arms and walked towards the kitchen to make breakfast for myself. Feeling extremely glum, facing the worst side of my feelings. The kitchen was almost clean. As if they don't work here. I looked for something to eat but couldn't find it. I looked around everywhere. And then I saw a box of cornflakes and a pack of milk at the top of the fridge. I grabbed it, took a bowl and spoon from the culinary shelf, and sat on a table.
While eating, I thought that I should go home. As I don't want to be a burden on them. Just then, Ebba entered the kitchen. "Hey, good morning," Ebba said with her groggy voice and sleepy eyes. "Good morning." I quickly smiled. Ebba walked towards the table. "How are you feeling?" She asked holistically as she pulled out the chair right in front of me and sat on it.
I nodded, "Good."
"I don't think so." She protested.
"I want to go home."
"Hey, what made you say that?"
"I just don't want to burdenise you."
"Absolutely not. Your health is my priority, okay?"
And then a soft, polite, and ever calming voice of my mother echoed in my mind.
"Your health is my priority, dear." This was when I was applying for my job in
Uranus Restaurant.
"Okay, I will stay for two three days,"
"Aww...My bestie." She stood up and reached towards the back of my seat, wrapping arms around me. At this, a flashback came. This is precisely what my mom used to do. Ebba's grip on me was the same as my mom. This again gave me a slight pang of sadness.
*****
A few days went by, and I felt slightly more stable; the grief was slowly becoming numb. "Can I drop you home?" Ebba asked while packing up my things in the suitcase. "No, I can go by myself," I said, closing the cupboard. "I don't know why I am finding myself uneasy." She reached me and held my hand, giving me a warm squeeze. "I am feeling worried about you." I thought for a second about what to say, how to convince her. But I only found this collection with the words, "It's okay, you don't have to be worried." I said, keeping my hand on her hand. I guess I might have delivered my lines as convincing as I was. Ebba made a face of slight disapproval as if she was still not satisfied. "Okay... But do keep in touch with me. And, I guess, I will visit your house more often."
I nodded, to which she pulled me into a warm hug. After that, I started packing, which Ebba accompanied me. At 3:45 pm, I was all set to leave her house. I stood near the door, holding the handle of a suitcase. Ebba walked and opened the door for me. "Do take care of yourself." She smiled. I nodded, "By." I said as I hugged her and then I left.
Ebba's house and my house are just two or three steps away from each other; it was within walking distance. So I reached my house quickly. I reached my house door and pulled out keys from my jeans pocket. And then I opened the door, inserting a key inside the keyhole. The door creaked open as I entered inside and locked the door.
"Hey Charlotte, have you reached home?.. where were you, dear?" I abruptly turned around. "Mom," I spoke with desperation, with hope. And then I realized that the voice was echoing in my head__ so clear and surreal, another pang of strong emotion whirled around my heart. It was so intense. The feelings deepened, and it was getting dark. It was like my soreness; my pain had refreshed. Her laughter, her way of talking, From my childhood to these days, each and every voice of those joyous moments were echoing inside my head. I took one step forward. "Come here, Charlotte." At this, I got alarmed. "Mom," I followed where the voice was coming from. Maybe what I heard about her death is not valid. Perhaps she could be saved from that accident. "I am here," And I followed where she was calling me. "Mom, stop playing hide and seek with me. I am not a kid anymore." I declared.
But, the weird thing was that whenever I followed those voices and reached that place, another same voice could be heard from a different area, in another direction. As a result, I rummaged around every corner of my house, but I couldn't find her.
Suddenly the voices inside my head stopped. Now I was standing in mom and dad's room; her voice brought me here. Every picture of my parents from my childhood days to these days hangs on the wall. Among those pictures, there was one picture, which almost melted my heart in grief. I saw mom and dad were making me walk for the first time.
And the second picture was of Mom holding me when I was 2 years old.
"I don't know when I will come, but I will come as soon as possible…." My tears trickled down my eyes.
This was the last sentence I heard inside my head, which almost made my lips quiver, eyes glistened with tears, and later I burst into tears, kneeling down on the floor. I was virtually sobbing into tears. I am alone now. My life filled with flowers has been wilted forever and forever.







                                                          


      4
      Luck
The next day, I decided to go to school to distract my mind. It was half cloudy; sunlight beamed into the window to my face. Sharp enough to pull the curtain down, otherwise I always like it. I quickly made lunch for college in the kitchen and headed towards the table. I grabbed a white carton of milk, poured it into the bowl, and then poured cereal. And began to eat it.
My eyes couldn't help but water as my heart ached for the presence of my mom working in the kitchen in a hustle. A tear came strolling down, but before it fell down my cheeks, I swiftly wiped it off and continued eating my cereal. I sighed as my heart sank even further in sadness, pushing the bowl away, not hungry anymore. I grabbed my backpack, looked away from the seat where mom used to sit to accompany me, and got up and walked outside, making sure to lock the door.
As usual, the roads were full of vehicles and people walking in a hurry. I quickly stepped down the stairs and made my way towards the subway stop. I let out an inaudible sigh of relief as I stood there, the breeze swiftly moving through my hair. A few minutes later, the subway arrived, and I stepped inside. As soon as I stepped inside, the bus went away. I made sure to get off at the school stop. 45 mins later, the school came into view.
I get off the subway. Walked inside the school corridor and turned left to go inside the class. Students were talking; some were sitting on a bench. Some were roaming around as usual. And then the bell rang as Miss Fern entered inside the class.
Students all went back to their seats.
In the math unit, I also worked as a substitute teacher, helping the students with their math work, and being late was a decrease in my paycheck. I quickly finished explaining a math equation to the class just as the bell rang, indicating that recess had started.
"Right, I need this work finished by the next class. Out you go." I announced. The students quickly threw their books into their bags and left the classroom, leaving me alone. I let out a small mutter of motivation as I decided to sit in class and finish the rest of the classwork.
Suddenly, I heard footsteps approaching me. The kind of steps as if someone is coming to harass me. I felt cautious, subconsciously gripping the papers tighter, but I managed to ignore it. Then those footsteps approached to stop.
"Charlotte Nicole, right?" A similar gentle, soft and appealing voice boomed into my ear. I looked up, and surprisingly, it was Denver Reckon in the flesh, lean and tall, right in front of me, holding a book under his arm. Hey, wait...am I watching a dream…? I thought to myself.
It was as if he had just come from the magazine cover because he was wearing the same white shirt with a black leather jacket in which he was taking a selfie with his castmates. My feelings screamed into exhilaration, and my pulse began to pulsate too high. Oh, my God! Another stroke of luck for me. I had so many unanswered questions. "How does he know me?" "Am I watching a dream?" I was utterly stunned.
I covered my mouth with both palms, my eyes went wide with surprise. And I hopped by saying, "Oh my God…!!! Oh my God…!!!What a surprise!" I exclaimed in a way so that no one could hear the encounter. "I am a huge lov -" I
shook my head quickly and replaced this stupid mistake with the correct one. "I mean a huge fan of yours!"
He smiled humbly at my fan declaration. He was also getting shy, as he looked down while smiling. I quickly took out my mobile from my pant's pocket.
"Can I have a selfie with you?" I asked excitedly.
"What?"
He was confused as he looked around consciously.
"Can I take a selfie please, please..." I asked, with slight impatience as if I was on a red carpet, just like other fans.
"Umm..you can," he politely replied as if he understood my feelings, "But right now I have a problem in sociology. And - I want to discuss it with you."
"Me?" I asked,
A celebrity asking me to explain sociology to him? Wow! That is a genuine compliment for me. I honestly don't know what exact name I should give to this feeling.
"Yes, I heard from Miss Patterson that you are good at sociology." I got utterly dazed.
"Hello…" As Denver moved his hand away from my face to bring me back to the moment.
"Oh..I see," I nodded as I quickly tried to calm down my beating heart as it soared at the compliment.
"Can I sit here?" He questioned shyly, pointing beside me. "Yeah - sure," I replied, hesitating to take a gulp. I moved aside to give him space, knowing that I was blushing like fresh farm tomatoes. I felt like my heart was floating. Pulsating a million times per second. He then sat down.
At Uranus, high school, Celebrities also used to study here. But to me, I didn't see any celebrities learning here. And I guess Denver Reckon was the first to join this high school.
"Which topic?" I asked, flipping through the pages of his book, finally getting serious, calming myself down. "Family." He answered. "Nuclear family, right?"
"Yes."
"Okay," I let out a sigh just to ease down my nerves. I felt a bit shy and hesitant in front of the superior one. Hesitant that I may convey Denver well.." So, family refers to a married couple living with their dependent children. It consists of two generations."
"So the nuclear family gives each other psychological, social support and financial, emotional assistance to the children."
I looked over to him only to be met by a confused, glum face as if he was finding it hard to understand. His grey-blue eyes showed some sort of dilemma.
"Did I say something wrong? Why the sad face?" I rapidly thought.
"Family does these things, right?" I asked to assure myself, but he shook his face. "I don't know." His voice filled with perplexity, with a tinge of grief.
"What?" I spurted out in shock,
"I have no idea about family, I haven't seen it in my entire life." I lay there, my eyes wide with surprise. I couldn't believe it.
"A celebrity, the heartthrob thousands of women want to date, a guy who seemed
to be having the ideal life, doesn't have a family?"
"Why? I mean, how come?" I asked, as my heart sympathized with him. I put my pen down on the book and began to listen curiously, using my hand as a chin rest.
"I was raised in an orphanage, and I grew up there in all of my teenage years. That's why I haven't seen what families are supposed to be. I never really had one.
"
"How was the orphanage center?" I asked directly.
Denver stared at me quietly for a few seconds and then shook his head, avoiding eye contact.
"What's wrong?"
Denver looked at me with a small smile, his eyes showing some sort of unknown emotion.
"I've never told anyone about my years in the orphanage, but I can't help but confide in you, although we never met. It's pretty strange, but I can see that you are sincere with me, you don't judge me like others have" I couldn't help but blush at his statement. I smiled.
"Thank you, now go on, tell me, what was it like?"












5
Denver, a celebrity's story
The orphanage where I ended up was very harsh and cruel. Eventually, the child protection departments found out, closing the orphanage. I spent my entire life over there, in a very discouraging phase. The leaders would always give us hard work."
I could see his eyes were filled with helplessness and hopelessness. As if he will burst into tears.
I realized as he was speaking that I was nodding, understanding him as if I was his counselor. A person's counselor is given by luck. "I was helpless, I didn't know where to go and how to escape."
The way we were talking to each other casually. I didn't wonder that one day I would speak, or he would speak to me with passion as if we have known each other since.
"Then how did you become an actor?" I asked. He laughed as if I had made a joke. This uplifted his face." It was a stroke of luck, one day, they gave me a ton of work along with school work to do. So I went to one of the leaders and rebelled against it."
Denver continued, "He was so angry that he took us to the director. I pretended to cry, saying I had severe back pain and couldn't work. Meanwhile, a guy, a film director, was roaming around and saw the whole scene. When the principal excused me and permitted me to leave, I walked out, and my friends started laughing at my act. That film director was so impressed that he advised me to join an acting school. He led me to the place, and the rest is history. I laughed, "Wow, nice story."
He chuckled as I looked down towards his book,
"You are a powerful person, you know that?" I encouraged him.
"How?" His dark eyes glowed in admiration. I nodded as I smiled, which led him to play a slight smile on his face, to which I again blushed.
"I mean, you had such a sad upbringing and yet look how far you have come. A multi-awarded Oscar celebrity, a guy with great acting, your recent movie "Behind The Curtain" has one of the highest ratings here and here you are looking to improve even further. You made me speechless Denver." "Thanks." He blushed.
"No problem," I said,
Denver smiled as he stood up," Thank you, Charlotte. Talking to you made me feel a lot better. For several years, I searched for someone who could lift up my dark soul with kind words...And luckily I found you. You put wings to my soul." His words entirely made my day. I smiled as I looked down. Denver smiled politely.
Suddenly the second bell rang, indicating that recess was over. But as he was about to leave the class, "Hey, hold on.." I said.
He turned back, and I bent down and grabbed a backpack and put it on my lap as I unzipped it and took out the two grilled cheese chicken sandwiches, splitting them between both of us. And I gave one to him. He took it. "And yes, one more thing." I again ducked my head inside the backpack and took out a book. 'Heal thy self.' As I handed it to him. "So whenever you feel upset, this will help you." I smiled.
"Oh! I have heard that this book has the highest rating in goodreads." I nodded approvingly as if I knew better than him. "Umm..can you give me this book for a second please. I want to write something." As I placed my hand before him.
He gave it to me. I took out my pen, opened the book, and signed it. "Here.."
Denver was stunned, "Oh my God! So you are the author of this book?" I nodded, smiling.
"Wow! That's a stroke of luck for me. Just like you." He said hopefully.
I chuckled, "I know."
"Thank you, thank you so much Charlotte, you are like a firefly to me. You threw light on the dark pathway of mine. But can you please not tell anyone this?"
I smiled, the butterflies in my stomach resurfacing.
"Don't worry, I am a pretty secretive person," I said to which he smiled and left before the kids came back to class; otherwise, they might start rumors.
As soon as I got home, I went to my room, connected my phone to the
Bluetooth speakers kept under the window, and turned up the volume.
I couldn't help but jump and start to dance until I got tired. But the truth was that I couldn't stop dancing, the rest of my grief was slowly vanishing into thin air, and I liked the feeling of happiness that was spreading through me...I couldn't believe that he had decided to share his problems with me.
I walked tiredly towards my bed and slumped on it, lying straight in a transverse way, spreading both of my hands out, looking at the ceiling. Feets dangling.
Oh my my!! I was buzzing with excitement. Now I will see him in school most of the time. He gave me real motivation to go to school happily without feeling alone. I hoped that he might talk to me every time.
I then got up to sit with a smile on my face. Looking out of the window, holding the edge of the bedsheet tightly due to excitement. I got up and reached towards the speaker, switched it off, unplugged the mobile, dialed Ebba's number, and made a call to her, who was sleeping. When she received it, her voice seemed sleepy to me, but I didn't care and told her everything about what happened today.
She was also astonished. "Are you freaking kidding me?"
"No, I swear!"
"Wow, Charlotte you are the luckiest of all! And I am so excited for you!!" She exclaimed, but I could gauge grogginess in her voice too. But she was trying her best to accompany my feelings, though.


6
Stepping on my hand
Tonight, my duty shift was on the Ground Floor, and I was loaded with plates and glasses heading towards the counter. Some children were running around, and they mistakenly pushed me, due to which some glasses clattered on the floor. Immediately I had everyone's attention. I hissed in pain as some pieces of glasses got into my hand, and it started to bleed. I ignored the pain and brought all the plates in the kitchen, making sure to grab a dustpan and a mop in the process.
I quickly put up a "stay away" sign and make my way back to the kitchen, "Hey!"
I ignored it, thinking he would have called someone else.
I look up to find another waitress coming towards me in a hurry,
"I will take it from here, he is calling you." I nod.
"Hey, pretty waitress!" followed by a group of people's laughter.
I turned towards him and saw a guy with spiked hair wearing a sleeveless shirt with a tattoo from his shoulder towards his wrist.
"Can you please clean the gravy off my shoes?" He asked mockingly.
His left leg was outside the table, and some of his friends were already laughing. I resisted showing any signs of disgust towards him. "There is a napkin placed on your table, you can wipe it by yourself."
I replied politely with built-in anger. Some people should learn how to behave in public.
"Wow, Charl! Love the way you spoke to him." I thought as I felt slightly empowered. However, everyone let out a roar of whoop followed by laughter in return. The guy stared at me in shock.
"Excuse me?" The way he said this with slight anger, it creeped me out. I could feel strong negative vibes from him, which made me back out.
"Do you know who I am?" He asked in a threatening voice.
"I am the son of your restaurant's manager." He lied, "So you better wipe it off or...."
Everyone was looking, and the silence was immaculate; you could hear a pin drop. I looked around, feeling uncomfortable. I somehow walked towards that guy and grabbed the napkin, my heart burning with anger and slight embarrassment.
I knelt down before his brown shoes and started to wipe the gravy off his boots. I could hear his friends giggling. That guy smiled devilishly at his friends and then peered down as if he felt proud and cool about himself. His face then suddenly turned into ferocity.
"Aaaaaah!!" I screamed in pain as he suddenly stomped on my hand. I could feel everyone looking, yet no one dared to say anything; I wondered where the manager could be? Sleeping in a pot? Not aware and alarmed by my scream? "Are you going to apologize for talking like that to me?" He asked politely, but I could sense ego in his voice. I kept back from letting my screams get too loud, my eyes watering as he started pressing his foot against my fingers even harder.
"Are you!?" He asked, stomping on my hand, which was already bruised with cuts due to the glasses that had previously shattered on my hand. I shook my head as I let out a muffled cry. Suddenly the guy's head slammed on the table. He was thrown off his chair, and his head was slammed into the table behind us. I look up, and miraculously Denver is there, landing a hard slap against the guy's face.
The guy groaned, holding his head as his friends started to help him up. "Learn how to treat a woman, you pathetic piece of trash!" Denver shouted over the small crowd. His voice filled with anger and disgust.
He looked down to see my pitiable face. Denver walked towards me and made me stand up; he grabbed my left hand, pulling me towards an empty area.
Tears fell down my face; I was looking at my red, stiff right hand close to me.
When we both entered that area. Denver pulled out a chair and motioned for me to sit as he stood up; he went away and then came back, holding an aid box.
"I'm sorry." He said; his eyes were in deep sorrow as he crouched down and took out the healing equipment. Denver held my red, stiff hand and dabbed the soaked cotton gently, tensing every time I let out a slight hiss of pain. He then put on the medicine and started to bandage it. "You put henna on your hand?" He asked, trying to distract me from pain. As the henna was leaving its color from my hand.
"Yeah.." I smiled.
He nodded. Smiling.
"It looks beautiful on your hand." He praised it while he bandaged my hand carefully.
"Thanks."
And then we stayed quiet while he bandaged my hand.
"In the morning, you dabbed my wounds and healed them emotionally, and today I decided to heal you in the same way physically." He comforted and then kissed my hand, keeping eye contact.
"Thank you," I whispered, a slight blush on my cheeks already forming.
He shook his head, "Don't say that. He was already an animal."
I laughed a little, and he smirked. "How come you're here?" I asked as he let go of my hand.
"I forgot an essential item of mine here when I came with the group of celebrities last week.
"Oh..."
So he was there. I thought.
We both stood up. "Umm...Charlotte," He said with slight hesitation.
"Yes." I replied.
"Um, if you don't mind, can you come by tomorrow at Albino Club? At 6:30pm?"
Oh my my!!… a celebrity is calling me to that place? That's awesome. I thought.
At first, I was quiet, as I pursed my lips and looked down, making my mind. "Just for time to pass." He added as I looked up to him. "I will send you the address. "Okay." I said.
I'm not afraid of being caught by the paparazzi and ending up in the newspapers, but there is nothing wrong with being a bit cautious. Uranus was a place where the paparazzi and fans had no access to, not to mention if the celebrities inside took photos of others without consent, there was a hefty fine that had to be paid.
This place was a safe place for celebrities. There was no fear of getting caught; anything to do with social media was strictly not in the norms. We said our goodbyes and went our separate ways



7
At the sports club
That Saturday late afternoon, I wore a long white shirt and adorned a blue den over it, and to finish the look, white sneakers. I walked towards 
 dressing table, combed my hair, and then parted my straightened hair to the side as I added some blush on my cheeks, not forgetting to add some lip gloss. As I smiled, looking at the mirror.
Now I think we are in a relationship. Serious relationship. I thought.
I grabbed sneakers, crouched down, and wore them as I tied up the laces.
I got up on my feet, grabbed a bag, and walked out, heading for the subway station. I stood at the subway station, waiting for it, and let the cool breeze brush my hair. The light, sunny weather was perfect for this date. Suddenly my phone started buzzing as soon as I stepped inside the train.
"Hello."
"Hey, Charlotte, have you reached?" asked Denver.
"Yeah, on my way, I just stepped into the train."
"Okay, we are standing beside the gateway."
"Why do we? Who else is there with you?"
"Yeah, Jordan?.... Yeah, I am waiting for Charlotte, she will come and then...." The call disconnected abruptly as my phone battery died.
"Just great," I muttered helplessly.
Just after 45 mins, I reached the area, butterflies started to kick in. I looked over to my right to find Denver, a guy that might be Jordan, and a girl talking to each other. They were standing near the gate on the left-hand side. Denver's eyes found mine, and he jogged towards me, "Hey,"
"Hey," I said, smiling.
We gazed at each other for a little while with a slight smile on our faces.
"You look pretty." He complimented.
"Thanks." I blushed.
"Come," he gestured as we both walked towards his friends. "Who are they?" I asked while walking alongside him. "Jordan and Amanda. They are siblings, and they are newcomers, they joined Uranus high school with me."
"Oh..."
When we reached them, Denver introduced all of us to each other, and I shook hands with them as we both greeted each other, "Nice to meet you." Amanda welcomed me, but I could see the hot jealousy in her brown eyes. She wore a crop top with tight jeans; the frizzy hair and long black nails stood out the most. I could sense from her eyes that she has a judging personality. She looks like a spoiled brat.
I shook hands with Jordan taking note of his unbothered handshake. We all decided to go bowling as we entered the sports club. Jordan and Amanda were bowling one after another, but they didn't seem to be enjoying it. As if they had fought.
On the other hand, Denver and I were on the other side of the hall, high-fiving each other when we gave a strike. I loved that we enjoyed the game to the fullest, with constant laughter and secret smiles.
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that Jordan and Amanda were looking at us in jealousy .They seemed to be tired as they were resting. Amanda had her arms crossed and was biting one of her long nails while Jordan was saying something to her.
However, when we all came together, they became delightful and kind, as if they had realized that they had done something wrong.
"Let's sit in a dodging car, shall we?" Denver asked with grace. I nodded.
"Well, we are going to have a ride on a pedal boat," Jordan said, but there was a little meanness I could sense in his voice or tone.
"Oh.. okay." As Denver felt a bit sad, he ignored it. "It would be fun if you guys could come with us."
"No, it's okay." Amanda directly rejected.
"Fine." Denver looked down.
And then they both went away.
We then walked towards that dodging car area. While walking, I asked something from him, which I thought lacked something in me.
"Denver, don't you think they are being jealous of me? Because I can see their hidden mischievousness or evil inside them."
Denver stayed quiet as if he considered those words that I was saying. Because it felt like he was thinking the same.
"Through their behavior," I added.
"No, it's not because of you. Just..forget them. They sometimes become like this.
Otherwise, they are good people."
"But I know about Amanda, she is a bit mean and judging type of a person."
We were near that place. "Come on, just forget about it." We then held each other's hand and headed towards that yellow dodging car that stood still.
Denver and I then sat on the "Dodging Car," where we talked about our favorite sport. I couldn't help but laugh at Denver's bad dodging skills. Jordan and Amanda were on the other side of the club on the pedal boat. Might be planning something worse for us or only me.
After that, we went horse riding. I couldn't help but pet the white horse that I chose. Denver chose a healthy dark brown horse, and we began to race each other. As I was climbing off the saddle, the horse moved forward, and I lost my balance, expecting to hit the ground hard. I closed my eyes tightly, bracing for the impact, only to find myself wrapped tightly in Denver's arms. I looked up at him in surprise, unable to break eye contact. All of a sudden, my stomach growled loudly. Denver let out a small chuckle," let's get food; we can't have your stomach waiting much longer."
I laughed and followed him as we headed inside a restaurant. The restaurant was crowded. Denver takes a menu card from the counter.
"Is it okay if I place our order?" Denver asked me after looking through the menu card.
"Sure" I nodded.
We quickly chose a table near the screen, which showed the number of orders being served and prepared.
After a few minutes, we received our order packed up in a brown paper bag. We decided to leave the restaurant because it was too crowded and sat outside far away. We sat on the grass with folded legs, and Denver began to unfold the paper bag and took two boxes out, handing one to me. I took the forks from the pack and gave him one.
My stomach growled once again at the smell of food, and I quickly opened my box only to stare at the mouth-watering sight of chicken steak dipped in mozzarella cheese with noodles at the side.
I gave Denver a sign of approval and began to dig in, ignoring his laugh.
"Where are you from, Denver?" I asked after taking a bite of the chicken steak. "I'm from Los Angeles."
Denver took a bite of chicken steak too. "I love this place, Uranus. It is the most secure and safe place for celebrities too."
"No paparazzi, no screaming fans, no showing pictures to media outlets. No one is
allowed to transfer the news to other countries either. "
I nodded, agreeing as I was cutting the chicken into smaller pieces.
"That I know, you don't need to waste your energy," I said, looking at him while chewing, giving him a small smile. I took out a drink from the packet and took a sip, ignoring the butterflies in my stomach when he laughed.
"But why___" Just as I was about to ask him a question, Denver said, "Now your next question will be, how did I come here, right?" I stared at him in surprise.
"You're clever," I laughed.
"Thanks."
"Have you seen my movie behind the curtain?" I nodded. "Yeah," in disbelief.
"And that girl Leena Russel whom I acted alongside with? "
"Yup,"
"Well, the movie was a massive blockbuster. A few days later, someone spread the news, a rumor that Leena and I were in a relationship. So everyone made a huge deal out of this rumor, and they came up with some of the most bizarre stories ever.
"What was it?"
"We married each other, but then, later on, I found that she is lesbian. There was another one that was like, Leena divorced me and kicked me out of the house."
Denver shook his head tiringly.
"Wherever I go, the paparazzi just manages to get on my nerves all the time."
He took a forkful of noodles" That's why I came here; the most peaceful and convenient place but I live on rent," "Oh."
After having lunch, we scrambled to get up, shredded off the dust from our dress, and strolled towards the railing, holding each other's hand, and we stood beside the fence. There were horses on the other side of the barrier; the golden sun was about to set.
Denver fished out the mobile from his jeans pocket, slid up the screen, and we began to watch pictures. We asked a man to take our pictures on Denver's phone. In one picture. We laughed again when we saw the photo, which showed me losing my balance.
"Remember how I saved you?" He recalled as we reminisced about the fun moments. I leaned my head against his chest as he hung an arm around my back. "You are like my family, Charlotte; you are home to me." He kissed me on my head, and we both chuckled, looking at the sunset.
At night, I walked towards the kitchen to make coffee for myself, suddenly my
mobile buzzed, and I brought it to my ear, "Hello," I said, "Hey, it's me Denver." He replied.
"Oh hey! Sup?" As I took out a mug from the kitchen’s cabinet.
"Good. Just want to tell you, your book is amazing… people were right about your book." He admired me.
"Thanks." I smiled, while  adding some coffee beans in the cup.
"I was feeling upset about something and now I am on page 45 of 100. This book is a great help for me."
I never knew about this day; a celebrity would praise me wholeheartedly for my book.
I chuckled, feeling proud of myself. "Just for this, you called me?"
"Yeah,"
"You are so kind and honest," I replied as I blended the liquid form of coffee and sugar with a whisk.
He chuckled. "By the way, what are you doing in the kitchen ?" As he gagged from the voice of what I was doing.
"Making coffee."
"Woah.." He glanced at the clock, "It's 12 o'clock and you are having caffeine?"
"Yeah, just feeling breezy." "I know, it is cold outside." I didn't say anything.
And then, I heard his mobile ring. "Hold on." He moved the mobile away from his ear and checked the notification updates on the screen, and then brought the mobile to his ear.
"Hey, it's your birthday tomorrow?" He asked, surprised.
"Facebook?" I asked.
"Yeah." I have seen it from here.
"You are right," I said, pouring boiled water from the kettle to the mug.
"You didn't tell me?"
I stayed quiet as I stirred the coffee, thinking about what to say, but before that, he spoke.
"I will arrange a birthday party for you, how is it?"
I couldn't help but blush. "Are you serious?" I replied hopefully.
"Of course, I am serious." He said as if it's evident for me to believe.
"Fine." I said.
"Just message me who you would like to invite? What type of cake do you want?
Okay?" He sounds like it's crucial.
"Okay," I smiled.
He sighed as if he was tired, "Okay, bye, can't wait for tomorrow." He said.
"Me as well," I said.
"Bye," I said.
"Bye." He said, and the call ended.
At bedtime, I couldn't sleep because of excitement. I was still in disbelief that a celebrity was arranging a birthday party for me. Me!


8
My birthday
On Friday, it was my birthday. Denver had come to my place early in the evening to prepare a small birthday party for me at my house. He had also invited my friends Ebba and Adam and his friends Jordan and Amanda from his class. Amanda had her younger sister and some of her cousins, who were big fans of Denver Reckon, tag along to the party as well.Voices of guests laughing and talking along with music could be heard in my room.
I was already ready as I looked in the mirror, wearing my favorite red flowy skirt beyond my knees.
I was wearing light pink high-heeled sandals with golden pink dangling beads on the ankle strap, a stunning decorative hand slave bracelet attached with a ring in my hand. It was of pure gold. It seems beautifully gorgeous on my hand.
I gazed at the mirror, smiling, and suddenly a flashback of my mother came into my mind. Giving me a last wave in her car with her beautiful smile, and then a man's voice could be heard in my mind.
"I am sorry...she is no more.."
"She is no more.." Once again, that sentence echoed into my mind. And a flashback came with a noise of shattering glasses and me, having an asthma attack, falling. I stepped back.
This shook me so violently, that  I kept on stepping back in disbelief. I was taking long breaths. My eyes were filled with tears, And eventually all those echoes stopped, my feet also stopped moving back further.
 And then,  I abruptly covered my mouth and ran towards the washroom as if I needed to throw up. I sobbed. Sobbed for 1 minute as I was coughing as well. And then there was a knock on the washroom door, it was Ebba. "Charlotte?
Come on. We all are waiting for you downstairs."
I wiped my tears and managed to settle my voice into normal. "Coming."
And I washed my face with plenty of water,
Denver was in my life. The celebrity. Which was lucky for me. But I couldn't forget my beloved Mom's face. Every day I would cry. So much. That my eyes got swollen. If she were there, the whole party could be fantastic.
I opened my room’s door and walked downstairs. Everybody looked at me as they unanimously greeted, "Happy Birthday Charlotte!!" Denver walked and stood near the stairs as he offered his hand to me, and I held it.
"You are looking super stunning," He complimented and gave a smile which was my favorite smile of his. I blushed at his statement as I looked down. I continued walking down the steps holding his hand . He was wearing a dark purple shirt with black jeans.Music was being played in the background.
The area was fully decorated with pixie lights and colorful balloons. "Happy Birthday Charlotte." was somehow written with pixie lights and rose petals. All arranged by Denver.
I saw Amanda and Jordan looking at me, but they were finding it hard to smile at me due to extreme jealousy burning in their hearts.
Ebba walked towards me and hugged me tightly. "Happy Birthday." She said, "Thanks." I chuckled. We all slowly reached towards the small table and gathered around it where there was a three-tier chocolate malt cake kept on the table. Small cards were kept around the cake. Praises were written by my well-wishers. I feel so honored.
Everyone sang a song of Happy Birthday while clapping except Jordan and
Amanda, standing far away from us. I bent down, blowing out the candles. Everyone whooped with cheers, and then I cut the cake. Denver stood right beside me as he shoved his hand inside his jeans pocket. Adam opened the party popper, and everyone whoops once again.
At first, Denver made me eat that cake with a spoon, and then I took the plate from his hand and made him eat; before taking a bite, he said, "Thank you, Counselor," at this, I chuckled as he smiled and took a taste of it. And then I gave one bite to Adam and Ebba.
Denver was the perfect host and had organized all the dance shows, comedy skits, games, and songs and kept cracking jokes time and again. Ebba volunteered to sing a song for me, and then her brother; they put a soundtrack which was karaoke. At first, Ebba sang, and then Adam sang afterward, adding some rap in it. They were also giving extraordinary dance steps. I was stunned at how both of their voices were amazing. And how excellent Adam is in rapping. Everyone let out loud whoops when they both finished.
Adam had also prepared some comedy skits, which cracked us up so much that some were on the floor, holding their stomachs. After a few games, Jordan wanted to sing a song even though his voice was off-tune.
After some time, we all started to get bored later in the day. Denver looked around, realizing that they were bored, so in care of them, he whispered into my ear,
"Charl, the guests are getting bored. Are you?"
I nodded with a small smile, agreeing with him. "Why don't we show them our dancing skills?" He asked.
"Now?" I asked in shock. I had never performed in front of an audience, and I could already feel my hands starting to sweat.
"Yeah, you showed me how to tap dance, remember? We practiced it yesterday while watching that cool couple dance on the tv show," said Denver.
"Yes, but..." I started; however, Denver stood and walked towards the little stage just as Jordan finished singing.
My heart began to beat a million times per second as I gulped.
Denver waited for the claps to die down and then walked up to the stage.
"Thank you, Jordan, now Charlotte and I will dance."
Everyone started to shout words of encouragement as I stepped on the stage and held Denver's hand. He connected his phone to the speakers, and we began.
We did a backward clap, and then we danced to each other's side. We began to do a bit of hip-hop. Then holding each other's hand, we began to do hip-hop again, and once again, I followed Denver's dance step. Everybody was cheering us on like crazy. Then Denver first held his hand back and began to tap dance. He was also hitting his ankles with each other. I was surprised, completely astonished at how he is doing like a pro! But at the same time, I found myself confused and nervous as I stood still like a dumb.
How am I going to dance in high heels?
Denver looked at me as I was not doing anything but standing still. Denver motioned me to do the same. But I didn't, and this led Denver to stop.
Suddenly, a teaching lesson of tap dance in high heels came into my mind. My mom was perfect at this. I smirked at the audience, and then I began. “Ohhhhhh!!! Keep it up, Charl!" Ebba exclaimed in encouragement, clapping her hand as she stood up.
I mouthed a thank you back, smiling from ear to ear.
Denver also started to clap while laughing. And then we both began to do it as we
later held each other's hand.All of us whooped and clapped
I could not help but smile as the sound of our feet hit the wooden floor. We shuffle danced, and then we did a moonwalk.
Now we both faced each other, held each other's hands, and tap-danced. I was doing so well that Denver looked down at my high-heeled shoes in inspiration as we started to speed up and let out a laugh. The audience whooped in encouragement. I didn't know I was this good. Denver was fantastic. We then faced forward as we looked at each other and smiled, hitting our feet one last time as the music came to an end.
We felt as if we had refreshed them.
Both of us were smiling broadly as we danced. The dance was ended by Denver as he spun me around twice, and we ended with a bow of courtesy to the audience. "What followed instantly was an eruption of claps of praise and cheers. We looked at each other, came closer, and hugged each other as we jumped. Someone said,
"love birds!" At this, we both giggled and blushed while embracing each other.
"Charver! Charver! Charver!"
We both laughed as the audience mashed up our names together. We gave a courteous bow once again, both of us not letting go of each other's hands.






9
End of the World
After other exciting shows, it was my time to sing as Denver encouraged me to do so. The audience whooped when Denver called my name. I came on stage as Denver gave me the microphone as he left. I closed my eyes, gulping in fear, and let out a small inaudible sigh. The soundtrack began to start; it was karaoke. I rolled my shoulders back slightly and let my voice be heard. I sang a song named Miracle by Coldplay. As I was singing, all of a sudden, halfway through the song, a strong wave of nostalgic emotion whirled around my mind and heart. When mom and dad and I often used to listen to this song in the car, when I was 7 years old. We used to sing along with it.
My eyes again glistened with tears, and then I closed my eyes briefly as I paused and tried to take a breath; however, I wasn't able to sing.
All of the audience got worried for me.
"Sorry," I apologized, giving them a small smile, making it seem as if it's not a big deal. I took a short breath and resumed singing. Everything was going fine; the audience was also enjoying themselves. I could not believe how bad it would be in the next few minutes. The day which was my day. My birthday. A few minutes later, those light flashbacks and past memories gushed into my head, becoming so strong and intense. Heavy for my mind to handle the grief, the pain that stood out the most. After that, back to back, things got worse. Everything was going smoothly and quickly.
My voice got shaken, tears ran down from my eyes, and then I felt as if I couldn't breathe. I dropped the microphone, holding my throat with one hand, trying to find a way to get air into my lungs. I couldn't help but slowly crumple to the floor. I felt familiar arms wrap around my waist just as I was about to hit the floor; Denver quickly ran and abruptly held my body before it got in contact with the ground. I was sobbing, and it was like, I wanted to say something, I wanted to say that take me to the hospital, but I couldn't. Before my eyes were getting close, I could see extreme fear in Denver's eyes through blurriness. An extreme terror I could see in him.
That was the only last picture of his face that stayed in my mind in the near future. I felt like I wanted to say goodbye to Denver, goodbye to all the beauties of the world. Goodbye to everyone. And then my eyes got closed. Denver shouted for an emergency as he quickly scooped me up and rushed me to the hospital.
Jordan and Amanda were just shamelessly looking at the crowd. Without any feeling of kindness. With an unapologetic face. They were so mean. They didn't even come for help. Amand was sitting with her leg crossed as well as her arms. Biting her one long nail.
******
I woke up to the feeling of needles in my skin and numb toes. I looked around, trying to find out where I was. It was pitch black. I let out a groan at the strong smell of disinfectant around me.
"I must be in a hospital of some sort," I thought. There was no one I could see. "Charlotte." Denver's voice whispered in my ear. "Denver." I called out his name, "Can you turn the lights on?" "What?" His voice seemed to be confused.
"Switch on the lights. I can't see anything."
"What do you mean by that Charl, your eyelids are open."
"What?"
There was a silence between us.
"No..."
"Am I blind? No.....!!!!!! No.....!!!!" I felt my whole-body ache in pain as I began to cry. "This can't be happening to me...."
Denver ran, and I felt Denver's arms immediately hug me tightly, consoling me as he sat beside me at the edge of the bed. "It's okay, shhh…. it's gonna be alright."
"My vision has lost Denver! How it's gonna be alright!" I let out a sob.
"It's okay, it's okay, calm down...." he said as he kissed my head, patting my back in circular motions. I held onto him as my life depended on it, sobbing in disbelief that I had gone blind.
Denver held my face softly, wiping away the tears with his thumbs," "I am
here for you. I am here for your support. I am here."
I could sense the worry in his voice as he placed my head on his shoulder, hugging me tightly. I wrapped my hands around him, trying to believe that he meant it, but I couldn't believe in him; his words weren't enough to calm me down. He was trying his best, but I couldn't accept what was happening. My loud sob echoed in the hospital.
I am blind forever.
Forever. How am I going to live? How am I going to go to work? Have I lost my vision of the world forever? I can't see the beauties of the world anymore?
This can't be happening to me—this can't. But... I know I have to accept it.
It's hard for me, but I have to...
I was discharged from the hospital a few days later and was at home. I was on the bed, leaning weakly against the pillow settled on my back, and my hand was on Denver's. I could sense Denver sitting in front of me. The lights were switched off, but I could see a gray monotone color because half of the room was filled with light.
"Are you ready to go to school in this kind of state?" Denver asked solistically.
I stayed quiet.
"I can admit you to a blind school." He reassured me.
"No,” I said quickly, suddenly growing nervous, but then composed myself. “That's okay," I replied gently. "I can handle it,"
"How?"
"I can."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah."
"I don't believe in you." Denver chuckled slightly, trying to lift the tension in the room.
"I can show you how I am going to write. Hand me a pen and paper." He gave it to me, which was on the side table.
And then I put my pen down on the paper and wrote, 

"Charlotte, the lioness."

"Wow! You wrote it quite well." He appreciated it. "How come?"
"Actually when my mom was alive I used to play this kind of game with her, hide and draw..."
"Charlotte." He interrupted.
"Yes?"
"I have a question for you if you don't mind,"
"Okay,"
"What suddenly made you fall when you were working as a waiter?"
I let out a small gasp in shock. "You were there? How do you know about it?" "I was one of the few people that rushed forward as soon as you fell," Denver replied gently. A small "oh" left my mouth as I remembered the event.
"I had an asthma attack."
"Oh.."
"Because my mom died in a train crash."
"What about your dad?" wondered Denver.
"He left us all alone when I was 8 years old as he married another woman," I replied coldly. We sat in comfortable silence for a few seconds before he pulled me closer to him.
"I feel so sorry for you, Charl," he whispered gently as he caressed my cheeks.
"It's okay Den."
"Now, how will you manage yourself?" He asked in a concerned way.
I stayed quiet as I had no words about what to say.
We sat there, remaining calm as I could sense that Denver might be thinking something.
"I am thinking of starting to live with you, at your house. okay?" I nodded.
He placed a hand on my cheeks and kissed my forehead. "Stay here; I will come in seconds. Hmm?" I nodded as the bed creaked as he got up.
I then heard his footsteps as he walked out of my room, closing the door.
I let out a sigh of relief.














10
Rebel
Denver drove to his house; He walked inside the house, took out two suitcases from the storeroom, and reached his room. He unzipped the suitcase, and then he carried all his essential belongings, keeping things in his briefcase; he held those suitcases and kept them in the car's back fender. He then drove away.
That night, he asked me if I would marry him. I said yes, excited for our future together. We signed the papers and started to plan everything out.

 ************
Denver woke me up the following day as he got ready for school.
After I got ready, I walked out of the room and called Denver to help me climb off the stairs. I could hear his footsteps as he ran upstairs. He held my hand in a firm grip, and we climbed off the stairs very slowly, one step at a time. Denver helped me sit at the table. "I'm making breakfast for you." As he left for the kitchen, pans cluttered all around.
He then brought breakfast as I heard he kept it on the table. "I can't believe I'm eating the breakfast made by a celebrity," I teased. He chuckled. With a fork and knife, He cut a piece of omelet, laid it on a toasted slice of bread, and made me eat as I took a bite of the Spanish omelet. I let out a small groan as I closed my eyes, enjoying the taste.
"Too good."
Denver laughed and kissed my head. "I'm glad you like it."
As soon as Denver finished making me eat breakfast, he grabbed both of our backpacks and took my hand, walking out of the house. We walked towards Denver's car as he made me sit on the passenger's seat. His car was so cozy and warm. I could even smell the beautiful aroma of the car freshner. He kept our backpacks in the car's backseat and sat on a driving seat. Turning on the engine and we drove away.
We then reached school. Denver opened the door and walked around his car to reach my side of the door. He opened the door for me and held my hand, making me get on my feet. While having my hand, he took out backpacks with one hand as he closed the door, and we walked inside the school.
I let out a smile as he stayed with me until we reached the classroom, seating me in a chair. I tried to ignore the feeling of everyone staring at me, whispering to each other. I heard the heels clicking and quickly straightened up a bit as they entered the classroom. I could feel the teacher staring at me as she greeted the class. My heart was pounding faster and faster with every minute that passed by, wondering if she would ask anything from me as I had disclosed my weakness to everyone. I let out a sigh of relief as the bell rang; no one had asked any questions.
During the break, Denver came to my class so I could go with him to the cafeteria, holding my hand tightly as we passed through the hallways of students rushing past. I found out from him that he told my class teacher about my problem and that's why she didn't bother to ask anything from me. Ebba was right; life becomes hard on you, but sometime later, it will grant mercy on you.
"I love you, Denver." His utmost kindness that I gagged bound me to say this. "I love you more," Denver replied.
When the school day ended, Denver and I were sitting in a circle with Amanda and Jordan on the grass field. Barren and Diego, from different grades, also joined us as they were Jason's neighbors.
It was partially cloudy, and the school students were rushing about trying to get home as quickly as possible.
Denver was reading a book while Jordan and Amanda were talking. Barren and Diego were busy with school work. Barren was helping Diego solve the physics questions that he had for homework. I sensed someone staring at me, burning holes into my forehead, and slightly pulled Denver's jumper towards me. I felt him lift his head and give a sharp look in Jordan's and Amanda's direction, who was sitting in front of him and looking at us, but Denver went back to reading his book. I let out a small smile at his indifference to what they thought about us.
"Hey, Denver?" asked Jordan
"Yeah?" He replied calmly, not lifting his head from the book.
"We made a rule for this cute little group."
There was suddenly a movement from Barren's and Diego's direction.
"What crept into your mind to make a rule for this group out of nowhere?" asked Diego.
All of a sudden, Amanda spoke,
"You know that group of 4 people? Tacos, right?" "Yeah," Denver said as he closed the book.
"They broke up today."
"What?!" yelled Diego in shock.
"Seriously?" asked Barren, knitting her eyebrows.
"Why?" Darren asked. He was still composed and calm.
"Because the two boys of that group found out that they were gay, and they kept a rule that no gays or lesbians are not allowed."
We all stayed quiet as Miss Maddy came and asked Diego and Barren to go with
her for a while. As soon as they went away, Denver continued, "So… what's the link between them and the rules in our group?"
"We are scared that our group might break up like them, so we need new rules just in case."
Silence fell among our group, and all of a sudden, Denver burst out laughing, making me smile. He started slamming his hand on the book as he bent forward,
"You guys are hilarious!" and continued laughing.
"Why are you laughing?" Jordan asked, confused.
"They have gone nuts, seriously," Amanda muttered to Jordan.
"Because that doesn't make sense." Denver continued laughing.
"Okay, okay, listen, listen to our rules, then decide whether to laugh at it or not," Jordan demanded, shooting a dark look in Denver's way.
Denver apologized as soon as his laughter died down.
"So, what's the rule?"
"As you know, my sister Amanda has no boyfriend to hang out with, and she tried to befriend a guy; I think his name starts with D, I guess," Denver let out inaudible scorn. "The guy was not interested in her, but Amanda was interested-" "Why are you telling this to us?" Denver cut in.
"That's why," Jordan continued, "Amanda feels a bit depressed when she looks at you with Charl."
"Get her a proper treatment then," Denver responded with a shrug, and then he opened the book as he started reading.
Jordan continued, "So," ignoring what Denver said, "No disabled person is allowed in this group. That's it."
I felt a bit sad, as if someone threw a shard of glass aimed to get into my heart. I don't want to leave this group because Denver is in the group. Thousands of thoughts scared me, making me feel that I would get along. Aloof.
But one thing I knew and had hoped for. The Vibes of true love transmitting into my feelings makes me feel that he will not leave me. And those vibes were surreal to me. He is brave, daring, and determined to love and stay with me no matter where life takes him through the carpet of blossom to the carpet of millions of never-ending needles.
"Hmm.. love it," Denver replied sarcastically. "That's a pretty nice rule, isn't it,
Charl?"
I let out a small sigh, not saying anything.
"And if I break one of the rules?" He snapped as he got up.
"Answer is simple, in a few days, you will be standing, mourning in front of Charl's grave." This gives me goosebumps. I never knew his intensity of hatred in me. I couldn't make out as if he was serious or just kidding.
I quickly tried to get up as I could sense the anger radiating from Denver's direction, making me forward and wrap my arms around him.
"Hey, calm down, no need to make such an angry face," Amanda stuttered.
"It's okay," I whispered as I rested my head against his back.
"What if I kill you first?" Denver backfired at him.
I sensed Jordan come closer to him and all of a sudden gave him a hard punch to his face. Denver was nearly close to losing his balance out. I let go and tried to keep my balance. I suddenly felt a gust of wind go by as Denver rammed into Jordan violently, and they both fell to the ground. Amanda kept shouting to stop, and I could hear that everyone was slowly gathering around. Denver and Jordan were throwing fists at each other, which ended when Barren and Diego pulled them both away.
***********
I came out of the director's office as Jordan and Amanda blamed me for this mess. Denver, sitting in the waiting area, grabbed hold of my hands gently and pulled me towards him.
"What happened?" He asked, concerned.
I stayed quiet, pretending to be brave, controlling back my tears as I gulped. "The director has suspended me."
"What?" Denver shouted, shocked. I didn't say anything, looking down.
"Come with me,"
He held my hand, and we got out of school, taking me to a vast empty basketball court, where clouds were shoved off to appear a clear blue sky with the blazing sun giving scorching heat and sunlight to the open basketball court. We stood there at the entrance in the corner. I told him everything that the principal said. Denver took my hands in his, surprising me with what he said next. I could sense in his voice that he didn't want that, but he was helpless. His voice filled with disappointment.
He did not want me to do this.
"You have to write an apology letter.



       11
The Apology letter
I don't get why Denver is doing this to me? It was not my fault! Why should I write it? But somehow, Denver convinced me to write the letter. Is Denver also part of Jordan and Amanda's team? I thought all this as I was sitting at the study table in front of the window.
My hand was on paper placed on a front cover of the diary,
The study lamp was on. Feeling uncomfortable, not wanting to do it. I can't do it; I thought as tears fell from my eyes. But I wiped it off. Just for the sake of Denver's love, I will write it down. This brings courage to me. I felt for a pen and grabbed it, as it was kept near the paper.
I looked in the front of the window and put my pen down to write on paper. I was writing very slowly. It took 5 seconds to write each letter of the word. It was getting difficult for my mind to process what I should write about. 15 minutes passed, and I wrote only these lines.
Apology letter
Dear Mr. Trotter,
I am sorry for...
And then my other hand became restless, my fist clenching and unclenching. This happens when anger, anxiety, sadness take control of me. I sniffed and soon began to weep.
Just then, I heard Denver come inside the room. He saw me from my shaking back that I was crying. He cautiously came up behind me and peeked over my shoulder on my paper to see what I had written. He then leaned forward, held my restless hand gently, kissed on my cheeks and held my hand delicately, and made me write it. All the while, his cheeks rested on mine while I wrote what needed to be written. I felt as though God had sent an angel to me, and I saw how wonderfully I was able to write everything down - swiftly, smoothly, and effortlessly. It was my writing with Denver's technical ideas.
"Done," Denver said. "I am keeping this letter in your bag." He walked towards my backpack and kept it inside.
"But I don't understand. What is this all about?" I said, growing nervous.
"Soon, my love. You'll know soon," said Denver. His tone was calm and happy. As if he is sure that everything will go smoothly now.
He picked up the parcelled food from the coffee table and walked towards me, "I bought food for you, your favourite food..pizza fries." He said as he dragged the stool towards me and sat beside me. He unwrapped the parcel and made me eat with the fork." Mmm…" I groaned as a small smile played on my face. "Like it?" He asked.
I nodded. And he laughed a little.
He wiped gravy off my lips with a tissue after having food. He then made me stand up as he held my hand and made me lie on the bed carefully. He kissed my forehead and joined head with mine, holding my hands, transmitting the vibes of love as he kept his hand on my cheeks. This eases down my nerves ultimately.
"No matter what happens, no matter what disastrous happens in our life, I promise I will love you forever. Nothing will erode my feeling of love for you, Charl. Nothing." His voice was more like a soft, gentle whisper. He kissed my forehead as
I smiled.
***
At school, we were all in the main hallway beside our lockers. I was standing at my locker, my hand reaching inside my bag, and felt for the letter I had written last night.
Denver was standing beside me for support, leaning against the lockers. Denver met Jordan's eyes. Denver took the mobile off from his pocket and began to do it. Jordan was holding an electrical shocker; he aimed his eyes at me. Jordan walked towards me; he was three steps away from me but abruptly tripped over Denver's foot which he had suddenly placed in front of Jordan while doing mobile. He did this planning deliberately.
But doing so, he accidentally pressed the button of the electric shocker. Instead, an electric current passed through Amanda's leg, who was talking with her friends nearby. "Ouch! what are you doing, you jerk!" She snapped as Denver chuckled at this scene. Jordan looked back to face Denver, who was looking at him satisfyingly.
He came near Denver as he was about to lash out at him, but he gave an intense glare to him. But in return, Denver was smiling in a challenging way. And then Jordan went away from him.
At the end of the school day, I stood alone in the waiting area near the principal's office. As I gave the apology letter to him. 15 mins later, Denver came from the office happily. As I could hear, he jogged towards me. "Charl, guess what?" I could hear joyfulness in his voice.
"What?"
"They will be suspended for a couple of weeks!". He exclaimed in a low voice. "Yeah...!" His voice was still low but happy, expressing happy feelings for me on behalf of mine.
But I didn't smile. Only a small smile I gave to him. I didn't know what to say, but Denver just hugged me. "You are safe now." He said.
"Thanks, Den, you are an angel for me," I said.
***
It was a beautiful evening with a beautiful sunset. The cool summer breeze was blowing, birds chirped, and I could hear a ball being kicked that bounced off into the distance as I could listen to children's cheerful voices while they played.
It felt good, but I felt guilty too. Denver was sitting beside me at the sea-green wooden bench.
"Denver," I said.
"Hmm.." He responded.
"I - I am sorry."
"What? Why are you saying that?" He was surprised and confused. "For breaking your friendship. I can understand the pain you are feeling." Denver didn't say anything, but I knew he was listening. So, I continued.
"Even though I can't see, I can feel your vibes. I have decided something." I said and felt Denver turn to look at me. I looked down and shook my head.
"You have to leave me," I said quietly. "And you have to befriend them again.
Because I am an unfortunate person, and-"
"Hey, hey, hey..." Denver said gently, but he got a bit scared of what I was saying. I gagged that from his voice. "Don't be so hard on yourself, Charl. You are the luckiest person for me; you know that. You saved my life. If I continued with them
having no idea of their intention, I would be in trouble." Just then, Denver's cell phone rang.
"Hello..... Why have you called me..? How can you expect me and Charl to forgive you, Amanda!" He almost shouted; anger fumed inside of him.
I then held his hand as Denver looked at me.
"Forgive them. Just for me...please.." I said.
Denver stayed quiet, confused, while Amanda was pleading for his forgiveness.
I spoke again. "Just for the sake of my happiness, Den." This somehow calmed him, and then he said
"Okay... it's okay." He said, though unwillingly, and then ended the call. I felt him turn toward me.
"You have disappointed me, Charl." He said, anger lining his voice with disappointment. At first, I felt guilty about how he spoke to me, but I spoke up, ignoring it.
"I want your happiness; your happiness is my happiness," I said. I tried to make him feel comfortable, lifting his mood, aiming to show that I adore and care for you.
"God, Charl, you have no idea how Amanda is. She was the one who used to force me to keep a relationship with her. And I didn't like her because her personality was not appealing to me. When I told him about my past, she judged me a lot. And that makes me feel quite uncomfortable and uneasy.
You are the perfect person for me, Charl, and that's something I have always
wished for. And secondly, I can't leave you like that in your condition."
He leaned in closer to me, and I felt his leg touch mine. He stroked my hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear. He then caressed my silky smooth and soft cheeks.
"I want to live with you, Charl." He said and kissed my forehead while holding me around, "I can't live without you." He said, gently filled with love.


12
Washroom
It was cloudy weather as usual. And Amanda and Jordan invited us to the coffee shop. I was already ready, but I couldn't find my brown heeled timberland boots; as I searched for them, I suddenly got hit on the wall as I yelped in pain. Denver, who was getting ready in the mirror, turned to look at me as I was rubbing my head.
He jogged towards me and held my hand. "Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I just need timberland boots. I can't find it."
"You could have told me I would search for you." His voice was concerning.
"Okay, sit; I will make you wear it."
He made me sit on the edge of the bed, bringing those boots. He crouched down before me and made me wear those boots.
I had no idea what would happen next. Something which would be highly horrible and beyond my imagination. I don't understand why these thoughts were nagging in my brain. But somehow, I calmed myself. Just saying that, nothing to worry about. They have just apologized, but maybe it's all drama.
Soon, we heard Amanda's car honking. I stood up from the bed, Denver clasped his hand firmly with mine, and we both made our way down the stairs to the doorway. "You can sit beside her. I will sit in the back." Denver said, barely whispering into my ear. His voice was filled with a sort of anger and disgust. But at the same time, it didn't seem prominent. I nodded.
He then opened the car door for me, and I sat inside. "Hey!" Amanda greeted me. "Hello," I said. While Denver opened the back car door and sat inside it. Amanda then shifted the gear forward, and the car moved ahead.
Amanda was talking to me while she cracked jokes as I laughed. All the while, Denver was not saying anything as if he had strictly forbidden himself to speak up. He was peering out of the window. Amanda kept on looking at him in the rearview mirror.
After 30 to 45 mins, the mall came into view. We got out of the car.
Roads were busy with vehicles. Denver was holding my hand tightly while we were crossing the street. She was leading the way. And then we went inside the mall. We entered inside, and on the left side, there was an espresso coffee hall. So we moved inside.
Denver was not willing to go with them, but just for the sake of my happiness, he made up his mind to meet them. I had forgiven them, but Denver hadn't.
Denver can't tolerate if a fight has gone against me. Amanda was talking to us as I was responding except for Denver, who wasn't paying any heed to her conversation and kept ignoring her altogether, almost as if she wasn't there.
The espresso was in a large hall. The theme was all brown and golden. Giving a coffee-like theme. Filled with the beauty-obsessed aroma of coffee. Huge chandelier lights hung on the ceiling, with rows giving a slightly amber glow giving a cozy touch to the hall. There was a beautifully framed glass window lined in a row.
There was a vast black counter, and in the middle of the hall, there was a long silver table with brown wooden texture stool seats on both sides of the table. There were wine glasses and drinks kept on that table.
We then chose to sit on four chairs around a coffee table located beside the left side of the entrance. Denver was seated on the left side of the table. I was sitting in the middle, Amanda was sitting in front of Denver. Jordan's seat was empty, facing me. Amanda was talking to me all the time as if she had a lot to tell. We both were having a great time, laughing. I felt that Amanda had admitted her mistake genuinely. Denver also felt satisfied that they both are now friends.
Then we were all quiet. There was silence between us. A kind of silence as if bad luck was approaching us. There was a silence of unease. I could feel it. Feeling uncomfortable. Amanda took the mobile out from her jeans pocket and texted her brother Jordan to come. As I could hear the voice of the keyboard, tick tick, as she ran her finger on the keyboard screen of the mobile.
At the same time, both things worked simultaneously in my mind, and I was confused. First, I was happy that they had apologized. Second, why I felt it was all fake and drama. How could people get changed so quickly and magically after our apology letter, which made them suspended? They were the ones who were threatening Denver about giving me a death?__ Then how come? Something was fishy, I thought.
A few minutes later, Jordan arrived.
"Hey! What's up, bro!" He said, patting Denver's shoulder. Denver didn't acknowledge him, which made Jordan redden a bit with embarrassment. He looked around to see if anyone was watching them and bit his lips.
"So," He said, collecting himself as he pulled out a chair and sat on it.
"You both must be thinking why we called you here after our big fight? Right, Charl?" I could hear Denver breathing heavily, trying to hold in his frustration. He swallowed, as though swallowing anger, and looked down at his crossed legs, moving them back and forth. His discomfort was palpable.
"Just for the celebration that you guys have forgiven us." Jordan beamed at us.
Denver laughed mirthlessly. "Really?" He said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
"Anyway, Jordan decided to hold a coffee party for us," Amanda exclaimed.
"Oh wow!" I said.
I didn't know how stupid I could be. Not realizing fakeness in them.
Jordan asked what we needed from the menu. All of us ordered except Denver.
Amanda started talking to me again. She and I were having a great time sharing a laugh while Denver got busy with his mobile. I felt happy and relaxed, enjoying Amanda's company.
Meanwhile, Jordan walked towards our table with our orders on a tray. He had brought a wrap and coffee for Denver too. I grabbed my coffee and took a sip. Amanda took a sip, looking at me, holding a mug of coffee with both hands. Then, she looked at Jordan meaningfully, and something passed between their eyes. A slow, wicked smile crept almost simultaneously on both their faces.
While Denver was immersed in his mobile, his coffee was getting cold. After a few seconds, I felt like I wanted to go to the toilet. So Amanda got up and offered to help me get there. She held my hand and led me to the washroom. Meanwhile, Jordan stood up to clear the table, leaving Denver alone. He didn't seem worried about Amanda and Jordan as they apologised.
We were walking on a passage and got close to the washroom, on the right-hand side. The whole area was serene white. A scent of lavender was coming. Amanda saw a CCTV camera. She took out a device and pressed a button on it. After a second, the red light of the CCTV camera blinked off, indicating that the camera had gone dead.
We entered the washroom. There was no one inside the restroom except the opened washroom cubicles.
Amanda led me to one of the cubicles. I went inside and locked the door. I could hear Amanda moving about outside, and then I heard the washroom door open again. There were a few minutes of silence, after which I heard movement outside my cubicle again. She took out a paper from her bag, which was written "under
construction" and stuck it on the washroom door." "Are you okay in there?" asked Amanda.
I replied that I was.
After I was done, I tried to find the lock of a door with my shaky hands by touching it through my senses, just like a blind person does. I was not feeling good, like__ as if some bad vibes were approaching me. I could feel it.
My hand finally reached for the door handle as I let out a small sigh of relief. I curled my fingers tightly around the handle as if I knew my survival was dependent on it. I attempted to open the door. It didn't open. I again pulled down the handle several times, simultaneously pulling it but sadly, the same thing happened that I always fear about it.
The handle let loose and fell to the floor with a resonating clang. That voice made my heart thud against the chest. It throbbed intensely against the chest but more forcefully. It was precisely paralleling that voice of what just happened between the time of my heartthrob and the handle that I was holding.
"Amanda?"
I called out her name as I realised that I was stuck inside.
I called out her name again with hope. But, no response.
"Amanda!" I called out her name. My voice echoed in an empty area.
There was no answer.
I called out her name again. "Amanda?" Again, no response.
"Amanda, I think I am locked inside. The handle fell off, I think. I can't get out. Where are you?"
There was still no response. Where the heck is she?
Amanda, are you there?" I shouted, banging loudly on the door this time.
I found myself breathing with extreme fear. There were violent shivers in my fearful breath. But still, no one was there outside—pin drop silence. My mind constantly reminded me that I had to believe that I was trapped.
***
Back In the cafe, Denver glanced at his watch and wondered where Charlotte was.
Suspicion slowly crept inside him.
Amanda and Charlotte hadn't come back yet. He began to get worried.
Just then, he heard the mall's announcement.
"Customer Announcement!
Dear Customers, please leave this area as the mall will close by 8:30 PM due to construction work."
Denver stood up hesitantly. He looked at his watch again in nervousness. It blinked at 8:25 PM at him.
***

Charlotte
I looked up as I heard the announcement. I felt terrified. I started screaming at the top of my lungs, knocking hard on the door.
This was what I had always dreaded. The nightmare of being locked somewhere.
Alone and unsafe. How could Amanda leave me like that, I thought in disbelief. Suddenly, I heard the click of the lights going off. I felt my throat go dry in fear. I kept calling for help, but my efforts were all in vain.
It's dark, and I'm alone. No one's coming to get me. I'm stuck here. I can't breathe. Fear gripped my heart. I thundered my hands at the door, hoping desperately for someone, anyone, to come to get me. But there was no one. I clawed at the walls, trying to attempt the air to get inside my lungs as I sobbed.
I slowly crumpled down on the floor. Unbearably difficult for me to breathe. I was near to death.
***

Denver
Denver reached the restroom area. He looked around and noticed the washroom door, perplexed. There was a sign posted on the door. "Under Construction," it said. But I saw people going in and out of the washroom, so what's this? He thought.
He ignored the sign and still walked towards the door, grabbed the handle, opened the door, and entered the ladies' room.
It was completely dark inside except for a single red and white emergency fire exit light glowing at the far end. He waited a few seconds for his eyes to adjust to the partial darkness.
He felt alert and could suddenly hear someone inside of the cubicles. It sounded like someone was gasping. Charlotte!
"Charlotte!" He called out.
Denver followed the gasping noises and stopped in front of the cubicle. He saw another sign posted that said: "Out of Service." But this was the same cubicle where the gasping was coming from.
He tried to push the door open with all his might, but it didn't budge. He gave three strong kicks at the door, causing it to fly open, and saw Charlotte lying on the floor, struggling to breathe.
"Charlotte!" He shouted frantically. "Jesus!" He then immediately dragged her out of the cubicle. He fell on his knees and pulled her up so that she was lying across his lap, supporting the back of her head with his hand.
He immediately took out her asthma inhaler, which he had forgotten to give her before she had gone to the washroom with Amanda. He placed it inside her mouth and implored her to breathe.
"Breathe, Charl! Breathe! Please!" Denver begged, tears welling up in his eyes. It took a few minutes for Charlotte to come, and she inhaled.
Charlotte's eyes fluttered open. Her breathing was evening out. "Denver," she said weakly.
Relief flooded through Denver as he stared at her.
He supported her so that she could sit up.
"Relax. Relax... I am here now. You don't need to worry." he could see that she was shaking.
She then burst into tears. He enveloped her in a hug until she could stop shaking. "I am sorry," he said, stroking my back and kissing on my cheeks. "It's fine; you are safe now." He said as he wiped his tears, but a wave of anger formed in his face as he sensed that it was Amanda who did this. 
It was a revenge they took from us. A revenge of making them suspended.
At night, I leaned myself against the bed. My legs were folded in a way that I could wrap my arm around those legs and lay my head on my knees. My fist was on my lips. I felt incredibly guilty in getting a relationship with a celebrity, Denver. I felt why I had put myself into this problem, just literally cursing my stupidity. Tears ran down my eyes. I wiped it out and let out a sigh and let my head tilt up. Denver walked upstairs to the room; he looked at me, a bit stunned. "Charl?"
I didn't say anything. Not letting my emotions show to him, not letting my shaky voice be heard. I gulped. "Charl, are you okay, my love," Denver asked with his ever calming and gentle voice. "I don't know.."
Denver walked towards me and sat near me. I could sense that he held my hand, giving a warm, slight squeeze. He kissed my hand. "Share with me; what is bothering you?"
I sniffed and sighed again, shook my head, and I guess he clearly saw my tears run down from my eyes. "Charl, I am here... I promise I will not judge you," He soothed me, trying to convince me as well."
"Don't know how to say," I was thinking how to mold and express those words and lay them in front of my caring one. Denver stayed quiet.
"I feel like my life is in a dead trap." He listened with consideration. There was empathy in his eyes. "My relationship with you has put my life into danger.." I delivered this line with a shaky voice. "I don't want to die in pain..no. and I don't want to leave you in pain as well, Denver.." Denver looked down.
Now I heard Denver's sniff. My words made him emotional. "Charl, you do not need to get worried. Every individual has been given some sort of protection." I sensed he was crying, his voice quivered in deep sorrow, but he kept on soothing me with his powerful dynamic choice of words which later gave me courage. Which made me dauntless. "Sharp claws of a beautiful bird as a protection, animals have their own protection in the form of claws, and sharp teeth, creatures under the water have their own protection in some ways or in some forms." And then he stayed quiet, gauging me if I could get it.
Just then, how he went into the conclusion stopped the rapid flow of my tears.
Stunned by what he said next.
"And...same goes here. Every person is granted with loved ones as protection, And to me, I felt like a relationship with strong bonds, lovers like us, have a great source of weapons for each other, to protect each other." There was a pause for a couple of seconds. I felt like everything had stopped for a couple of seconds__ amazed by how he linked those naturistic realities with our bond so wonderfully.
"You are a great counsellor Denver." I admired it, and he smiled.
"Lovers are always great at counselling with a loved one who is getting fragile due to pain given by mischievous ones." He said, "Thanks to your book as well."
I smiled. "Tomorrow, you are going with me to Albany Marine Club. The burbling of water will soothe the horrifying trigger you went through today.
Okay?"
I smiled and nodded. Denver came closer, kept his hand on the back of my head and pulled me in as he kissed on my forehead, keeping my head over his shoulder and wrapping his arms tightly around mine. A supportive, comforting, warm hug. I also held him around. He then kissed my cheeks twice, and I also gave him a kiss and enjoyed myself wrapped around his arms.
     

   13
On a deck boat
Charlotte
Denver took me to Albany Marine Club because he thought that the blubbering of water would calm me. I felt shaken due to yesterday's horrifying trigger that I had gone through. The Club is part of the Uranus Ocean. It is divided by a wooden boundary as its gate, making the boundary between it and the sea. The restaurant where I used to work as a waitress could be seen far from the Club. The Uranus Ocean lapped peacefully in the background, its waves crashing gently on the smooth beach.
I was six years old when I first visited this place. But now, I only have a vague image of it.
Denver was constantly holding my hand. We went to buy tickets.
"Hey!" I heard a familiar voice of a young girl. "Oh, hi Barren!" Denver greeted her.
"How are you?"
"I am good." She said to me as she hugged me. "How are you, Charl?" "I am good," I said.
"How come you guys are here? And where is Deago?" Denver asked.
"Yeah," She turned back and then looked at them. "Oh, he is coming." the three of them saw him running towards them...
"Hi, guys!" He said as he hugged Denver.
"So, you guys must be headed to the deck boat, right?" He asked.
"Yeah, you too?" Denver asked.
"Yup. So, how about we exchange partners? Like, Charlotte with me and...Deago with you?"
I made my grip strong with Denver's hand and grabbed his forearm as well. I got goosebumps. Denver looked at me as my face was frantic. I took a gulp. We both got nervous. I don't want Denver to leave me alone with a stranger. I thought, and I was sure Denver was thinking the same. The fear of being trapped and suffocated was still fresh in my brain. The horrendous incident of yesterday shook me.
Barren saw the hesitation in both of us and made an apologetic face. "It's okay... I know..."
"Yeah, it's fine," Deago added. "We can understand your feelings. It must have been terrible for you both with the trouble given by Jordan and Amanda."
"Yeah, they are hooligans. We also broke friendship with them." "Yeah, they are not good people." Barren nodded.
"Can we get on the deck boat?" Denver cut in, not wanting to talk about them.
"Yeah, let's go," Barren said and led the way to the ticket booth to get the tickets.
"Okay, you guys go get the tickets. We'll be heading to the deck boat." Denver said.
"Okay," Deago said.
We then went towards the large white deck boat, which stood beside the ticket booth and then we got on.
Soon Barren and Deago also joined us.
Denver sat in the front while Deago rode the boat. Barren and I sat at the back. Deago then turned on the engine and began to take control of the ship by its steering wheel.
We then snuck out of the Club's gate attached to the boundary. We were far away from the Club's entrance. There was no one in that area. After a few minutes, Deago stopped the deck boat to have some break, letting the ship bob gently on the surface of the water. We snacked on the things we had bought from the tuck shop.
The sky was getting darker. The black-grey clouds occupying the sky gave an indication of rain. The waves were getting stronger, gushing up the side of the boat. It then started to drizzle. Denver and Deago stood listening to music while Barren took me to the other side, and we stood there talking.
"Hey! That dolphin just jumped and kissed me out of nowhere!" She cut in while talking.
"Really?" I said, feeling curious.
"Yeah, bend forward because... it's approaching again towards us."
"This music is so good, isn't it?" Deago said, aiming to distract Denver. Denver was feeling uncomfortable as he felt worried about me. Just then, he heard me screaming and crying.
"No! No! Please!!!.....!! What are you doing!!? Stop!!"
Deago immediately turned the music volume high to distract Denver, but Denver immediately turned around, calling my name, "Charlotte!"
He heard quick footsteps, and then it felt like someone had jumped into the sea as the water splashed.
And at that moment, he again heard my shrill cry of help. He felt worried. His face shows utmost dilemma and fear __ anytime he would cry into tears while screaming. His heart thudded more against his chest. He was panting. Tears welled up in his eyes. His face was set as if he was in pain. A pain for me. A discomfort for me.
He couldn't see me in the dark, but the panning lighthouse made him locate me. As he shouted frantically. "Charl!"
He saw me far from the boat, drowning along with gushing waves, pushing me to nowhere.
"Oh my God! No!" He rushed towards the edge of the boat and jumped into the sea.
The sea waves were so strong that they were pushing against me. The more I tried to swim closer to the boat, the more the waves kept going and dragging me down towards the waterfall. I was screaming frantically at the top of my lungs while crying. Denver swam with his might as best as he could to save me, fighting against the waves.." Charlotte! Charlotte, hold on! I am coming!" He shouted; his voice was strong and heavy but several yards away from me.
I was helpless, hopeless, but hopeful that I may die. I had given up; I held the tree trunk at the side of the sea, near bushes. I kept stopping myself from falling down to the waterfall. Still, unluckily, it broke away, and I could feel the waves taking me almost to the waterfall at the other end. I couldn't speak due to the extreme forceful gushing of water getting into my nostrils and inside my mouth.
When I was about to fall, I felt Denver climb me on my back. And I felt relieved. But it was highly horrible to me. "I got you. I got you." He swam towards the boat with his might.
Somehow, Denver pulled off the ladder attached to the boat and climbed up. He immediately took a towel from his backpack, wrapped me around and held me tightly so that I could lean on him. He was stroking my back quickly as I was shivering, sobbing and gasping.
Then a light shone on us: Denver shielding his face with his hand, allowing his eyes to adjust. He removed his hand slowly. He saw another deck boat where Deago, Barren, Jordan and Amanda were sitting, having fun laughing while having cold drinks as if enjoying our show. Jordan was holding a torch.
Denver was shocked; he looked at them in disbelief. But his face turned into a mask of ferocity and outrage. I heard him thundering something at them.
"PSYCHOPATHS!! GO TO HELL!" But they continued laughing as if his comment didn't affect their feelings. Now they were laughing more as if he had cracked a joke. "You guys are the most hideous people on earth, you know that!" "Thank you, Denver!" Jordan said, laughing with others.
This enraged Denver even more. "Just a second." He muttered as he made me sit carefully on a seat nearby, ran towards the boat bobbing in the water near them and immediately sat on the driving seat, turning on the engine, and the ship sailed off.
Denver aimed to chase them by driving. He saw them moving away. Soon Denver's boat was beside Deago's ship, Deago gave a hard push to our boat and then, he gave another hard push that we were about to plunge into the river again. I slid towards the boundary wall of the deck boat. As my arm got hit with it.
Denver turned the steering wheel and gave a hard push to their boat, making it go off into the river away from them.
And then he took me back to the Club as I was still shivering.


14
Fight
The following day, Denver opened his eyes as he stretched, yawning. He looked to his left to see me. I was covered with a white blanket.
He got up and went to brush and change. He came back wearing a dark purple shirt with black jeans with dark black boots. He walked up to the window to open it. Sunlight flowed inside, giving a shine to his brown hair, which he combed. He caught the reflection of me in the mirror, sleeping.
He was happy that I was safe but a bit gloomy because of that night. He gave a small smile. A smile of relief, but later his smile fades into a sad, serious one. He walked towards my side of the bed.
"Charlotte, sweetheart," he said gently as he approached me. His slow footsteps sounded on the floor of our silent room.
"Charl, baby?" He said again as he bent down a little and turned me forward so that I could face him. My eyes were closed. He decided to wake me up by stroking my hair. But when he kept his hand on my head, he was shocked. "Oh my God, Charl!
You are burning!"
I weakly opened my eyes at the sound of his worried voice, but something was wrong. Very wrong.
I realized that my whole body was oven-hot. I felt sweaty and like I was in a dark and super suffocating heated oven.
I heard Denver run somewhere and then come back with what felt like pillows he supported me with for me to sit up, placing the pillows behind me and making me lean against them. He then placed the thermometer in my mouth.
He then grabbed a chair, leaning against the wall near him, brought it closer to me, and sat on it. He kept looking at me somberly, realizing the kind of torture they had given to his beloved one. He continued staring at me; He clasped his hands and kept his wrist on his lap. Where his both legs were far apart. He looked down as he
began to tap his feet quickly,
He then looked up and held my hand as my eyes closed. I felt him lean forward to take the thermometer out carefully from my mouth.
He checked it and found that I had a high-grade fever. Denver quickly went to get a mug of water with a piece of cloth and dabbed it on my head. He did it for a minute and some seconds.
After that, he went downstairs to make breakfast for me. After 10 to 20 mins, he walked upstairs with a tray and entered the room. He kept it on my side table, sat on the chair, and made me eat that breakfast.
Denver fed me one bite, and the other, he ate himself. I felt like I was the luckiest person on the face of this planet. I have the most caring and loving husband, a celebrity who fell in love with a fan, an ordinary girl like me. A huge fan of his among other craziest fans. I hoped I was not living in a dream.
His mobile beeped, indicating that there was a voice message. He kept leftover breakfast on the side table and stood up, walking around the bed towards his bed's side table. He grabbed the mobile and listened to it at a low volume.
"Yo...Den! What's up?" He heard Jordan laugh. "You thought that we were killed forever. That's your thinking Denver." His voice sounded menacing. "You tried to give us death, but you couldn't. Now be prepared and wait and see an excruciatingly terrible death of your lover." Then there was silence. Denver looked at his phone's screen, his face giving away no emotion; he brought the phone to his ear again. The voice note had not ended. There was more.
"The kind of death that you would be unable to bury her. See you soon, bro..." He laughed mischievously, and the voice note ended.
Denver was horrified as he gulped and looked at me, but he quickly and bravely turned it into a face of ferocity, anger, and a determination to kill them, whatever.
He threw his mobile on the bed, rushed towards the study table
He then grabbed a syringe filled with sleep medicine from his backpack and quickly walked towards me to inject me with it. He then held my face and said, "I am coming, don't worry, ok?" And then he kissed my forehead and joined his head with mine like he always does, showing me to tell me that I am here for your support. Don't lose trust in me.
After that, he walked towards the table, grabbed the car keys, and rushed downstairs to go outside to his silver posh Mercedes.
In frustration, he walked to the driveway, placing remote car keys in the direction of car’s door, pressing the button. His Mercedes made a little noise with headlights flashing twice. He reached and opened the car’s door, got into his Mercedes, slamming the door shut loudly. He turned the keys to start the engine and zoomed off with a screech.
The road appeared empty after passing from busy streets. The road was like a highway. Mountains were there side by side; the area was remotely isolated. Denver drove his car at full speed, his face set in a rage. Holding the steering wheel with one hand. And the other hand was on gear. Charlotte's face swam before his eyes.
"I love you, Denver..."
"My mom died in a train crash, and my dad left us alone..."
And then he had a flashback in which Charlotte grabbed his forearm when Barren asked if Charlotte could come with them. This led him to more exasperation.
Another flashback came of how Charlotte was drowning in the endless sea... And how she was trapped inside the washroom... As she was gasping for air, her cries of sorrow and pain echoed in his mind, further fueling Denver's rage and the determination to avenge their enemies. The whirl of such strong emotions brought angry tears to his eyes. He leaned his head tiredly against the seat as if he was in pain. As if he was defeated.
Denver forcefully and abruptly stomped his foot on the brake and brought the car to a stop with a screech in the corner of the road.
"I don't want to die in pain ..no.. and I don't want to leave you in pain as well." Charlotte's voice, filled with pain and sorrow, echoed into his mind, hitting his emotions so hard, deep and intense, this brought tears in his eyes, and his quick breathing with anger transformed him into a shakiness, broking down into tears. He covered his face, leaning his head forward and keeping his head on the steering wheel. As he sobbed. He leaned against the seat as if he was defeated. His head tilted up.
He gave himself time to cry as much as he could. He then wiped his tears off and held the steering wheel with both hands tightly. "An excruciatingly terrible death of your lover... "Jordan's voice echoed in his mind. "The kind of death you would be unable to bury her… See you soon, bro..."
From then, he then looked at front, collecting himself and made up his mind about what to do as he slowly looked ahead. Taking quick deep breaths with angry tears in his eyes. He abruptly slammed his foot on the accelerator, abruptly making the car accelerate forward with a sharp screech.
The car moved at full speed. The speedometer reading was above 160m/s. His angelic face was fierce, brutal, and furious with anger. He was breathing heavily as he shifted the gear forward.
After a couple of minutes, the car stopped in front of Jordan's house. He made the headlights glow brighter, which then turned off. He got out and looked at his house, surveying every corner, clenching his fist tightly to keep control. He then turned his face right and saw that the window was open. He took a step forward and walked towards the window. He peeked inside and saw no one except the view of Amanda's pink and white room. It was immaculately clean.
Denver decided to attack them without giving any sign of him being there. He quietly climbed inside through the window and made his way towards the door to the bedroom. He saw Amanda doing something on the dining table. Her black hair was spread open like a ghost.
He strolled towards the dining room, reaching near her. He saw Amanda bent over at the dining table, writing something down. Denver approached her slowly from behind and peeked over her shoulder. She didn't even hear him come so close, being so engrossed in whatever she was writing or sketching. He studied what she was doing on the paper and was shocked to see that she was drawing a plan to kill
Charlotte.
He abruptly grabbed her nape. Amanda yelped in surprise. He dragged her to the washroom as she fought against his firm grip. He pushed her forcefully on the basin's counter, where she hit her abdomen and bent over in pain.
She slowly looked up at Denver, who slammed the door shut, never leaving her eyes. She could see the rage in his eyes. She smirked. He took a step toward her, but Amanda was quick to move away from him, but he caught her just long enough to give a tight slap across her face, which made her lose balance and hit her head on the wall across the basin. She winced in pain and held her head. Blood oozed out from his head and mouth. Denver held her and then made her lean against the wall, grabbing her collar, holding her mouth, and squeezing it tightly.
"Did you really think we are that weak, Amanda? That we can't fight? That we can't kill people like you, hmm?" He grunted.
Amanda moaned in pain.
"You think Charl is alone?" He deliberately took Charlotte's nickname to make her jealous. "That's your pathetic thinking!" He spat out.
Amanda suddenly lashed out at Denver, wanting to scratch his face, but Denver knew all the fighting techniques he had done in his movies behind the scenes. So, it was easy for him to anticipate her moves, but it was different this time. He grabbed her wrist, turned her arm, and gave a kick on her back, making her bump her head on the wall. Amanda fell with a thud, unconscious.
Denver stood over her, breathing heavily. Then when he turned around, he walked out of the washroom. Jordan rear choked him, making him spurt. But Denver brought his leg behind Jordan's leg and shot a hard elbow in Jordan's face making him fall to the ground. Holding his collar, he gave three punches to his face, but Jordan blocked another punch from Denver and kicked him in the abdomen. Denver fell far on the ground, bumping his head on a wall. He bent forward and groaned in pain.
Jordan grabbed Denver's collar and punched when Denver stopped him and kicked him in the abdomen. Jordan fell down, the way he fell down that the glass table behind him shook violently as it crashed on the floor. Jordan clutched his stomach and moaned in pain. Denver approached him and then stomped forcefully on his pelvis, making Jordan scream in agony.
Denver stepped aside and walked towards Jordan's arm, lying straight on the tiled floor; Denver was looking at him with ferocity.
"Thank you, Jordan, your voice message motivated me to kill you," said Denver politely with anger lining in his voice, and then he stepped hard on his forearm, making him scream in pain. Denver kept looking at him, writhing in pain.
Denver walked and leaned against the table, watching Jordan. Then he abruptly turned around and kicked at the table, making it tilt and fall. It crashed near Jordan's head, and some of the glass entered Jordan's eyes which caused him to shriek in pain.
Denver left him screaming as he walked towards the door to exit. Just when he was about to step out, Diego slammed a stool on his head. Denver wailed and bent down in pain. He staggered to keep himself from falling, trying to maintain balance. Just when he was about to turn around, he was hit by another massive blow to his face. His head bumped the table. The glass table fell down and crashed into millions of pieces. There was another blow to the back, and Denver found himself lying on the floor. Denver tried to open his eyes and see through the searing pain at what was going on. He saw that Diego had a small knife in his hand and that Barren had also joined him. Both Barren and Diego walked over and beat and kicked at him.

                               


                                     15
Recovery
Charlotte
I saw a dream made up of past happy memories: of how Denver, a celebrity as well as her husband, had come into her life. He had saved her with all his might, strength, and bravery from a critical situation that was leading me to near death. The voice of his kiss on my cheeks echoed in my dream, the way he held my restless hands and made me write that letter, the way he pulled me into a comforting hug, telling her about what the school director had said after giving the letter to him. She had felt protected and safe, the way he used to caress my cheeks when she was stressed out. The way we were looking at each other, smiling. Denver's beautiful smile, which I love the most, and the way I blushed in front of him. These memories were coming in waves, overlapping and taking control of the darkness. She had never seen a dream so vivid, so crystal clear, a dream so beautiful and so, so real.
It almost felt like it was happening in real life.
A smile came on my face.
And then, I opened my eyes and saw everything blurred. The blurry images slowly gave way to clearer ones. A window was slid open, letting in the warm winter sunshine, making the white room alight.
I slowly looked around and saw that the room was done in brown wallpaper printed with small beautiful little tulips patterned on it. There was another room through which I could see wooden stairs leading downstairs. A large cupboard stood in the corner occupying the greater part of the room. A framed beautiful scenery was hanging on the wall.
At first, I felt I was still dreaming. I could not accept this miraculous surprise__ after a long time. Slowly and steadily, I realised that this room belonged to my parents. And that I was no more blind. I understood that happiness and love seemed to heal my blindness, that sadness did the opposite, blinded me.
I felt like butterflies, birds fluttering wildly inside my heart. I felt exhilarated and elated and could not think of what name I should decide for that feeling more accurately. I can see it more crystal clear. It seems like I am born again but in a grown-up form.
I got up from the bed and found Denver all over the house, but he was not there, and then I remembered what Denver told me before leaving. But still, it's too late, it's evening now. I walked upstairs to a small white table by the far wall. Small vases, monuments, and a green-colored telephone were sitting there together.
I picked up the telephone and made a call to Denver. I heard his phone ring from within the room. I turned and saw that it was lying on the bed, as though Denver had thrown it in a hurry to go somewhere. I put the telephone down and picked his mobile up. I went through his call log and saw a voice note from Jordan. I clicked on it and listened.
Blood drained from my face as I realised where Denver must be. Or what they must have done to him. With dread, I realised with certainty that Denver had gone to
Jordan's house to kill them. I wasted no time and dialled 911.
Denver
Denver was lying on his stomach on the floor. He could vaguely feel a weight on his back. Like someone or something was keeping him held down. He heard a voice over his head. Barren. It was her foot on his back. Denver groaned in pain. Deago crouched down in front of Denver and cued Barren to hit him hard on his back once again, which she did, sending Denver in a fit of pain. He heard someone load bullets into a gun. And felt the barrel press on his forehead.
"That's it, dude, you tried your best, but the game is not over yet…" said Deago,
chuckling. He then put his finger on the trigger. "Now, your game's over."
Suddenly, the door flew open, and police barged inside with their guns out.
"HANDS OVER YOUR HEADS! NOW! DROP YOUR GUN! YOU ARE UNDER
ARREST!"
As they held Deago and Barren along with Jordan and Amanda.
Denver was panting hard, his face smeared with blood. He saw me get out of the police car. I was shocked to see his face. I rushed towards him.
"Denver!"
Charlotte
I knelt down near him and turned so that he could face me. I sat down and placed my hands on either side of his badly bruised face.
"Denver... sweetheart," I said to him gently.
"Charl..." He said in a feeble voice. He never gave up on taking my nickname in a kind and gentle way, as always despite the intense pain. I could see his tears roll down as he began to weep, and I realised that I was crying too. Seeing his charmed face bruised with brutality made me way too emotional. I couldn't believe how badly he was injured. I could see the pain in his watery eyes.
"Thank you." He said in his quivery voice.
I abruptly bent forward and hugged him tightly as I began to cry. I kissed him and hugged him again. I was happy and relieved that he was not dead. He was alive and with me.
He then held me weakly with his bruised hand at my back. "Come on.." I said while supporting him to stand up. He was in so much pain, His weakness making him unable to stand. He kept on groaning, but somehow I managed him well, as I allowed him to lean into me for support, to which he did.
I held Denver's hand with a firm grip and carried him around tightly so that he may not fall down. We slowly stepped down the stairs. And walked towards his
Mercedes; I opened the car's passenger door and carefully sat Denver down while
I took the driving seat. We drove off into the night.
At home, I made Denver lie on the bed carefully, making him lean against the pillows. I put some of his medicine in a bowl of water, soaked some cotton in, and dabbed at the wounds on his face.
"You have no idea how badly your face is wounded." I said to him while dabbing cotton at his wounds.
"It's nothing..Charl..it's just a sign of armor for a lover." He said in a weak voice but in a polite, gentle way.
My answer was nothing, just shaking my head in disapproval. While I soaked that cotton into the water. But I could easily sense the kindness he had for me.
"Charl, you know what, this pain is nothing to me. Nothing. Your pain stood out the most among other kinds of pain. When your heart wrenches in pain, to me, I feel like it's the end of the world. My heart ached in pain when I saw you emotionally down, or someone who is or will hurt you physically.
Hearing his words from him, A word filled with the utmost kindness and care, brought a smile to my face.
"Thank you," I said.
He smiled weakly.
There was a pause for a couple of seconds.
"Charl," Denver said in a weak voice, "I am so happy for you..."
I smiled. "About what? That I saved your life?" Aiming to tease him as I knew he was talking about my recovery from blindness.
Denver chuckled weakly, "Now you think I am blind? That I can't see that the Lord has returned your blessing."
I laughed. "I know, I was just teasing you." He then shoved me.
"As soon as I get alright, we will dance together." He said to me; I laughed.
Just then my mobile rang, which was on the site table. I grabbed it and received it.
"Hello?"
"Hey, it's Ebba."
"Ebba? Oh my God! Long-time no chat!" I felt excited hearing my best friend's voice after a long time.
"Where are you?"
"Axis."
"Axis?"
Denver's eyes widened as he looked at me, worried.
"Yeah, Shampain and I are getting married."
"Oh wow! That's super amazing! Congratulations! When's the wedding?"
"Coming Saturday."
"Great!"
"But why didn't you tell me that you have gone to Axis?"
"So that I could give you a surprise, buddy." "Oh... I see.
"So you will be receiving tickets in just a few days."
"Oh thanks for that," I said. "That's so kind of you, Ebba."
"Yeah, yeah. Okay then, see you soon?"
"Yeah. See you. Bye. I love you."
"Love you too." And then the call ended. Then Denver spoke. "Ebba and Axis.
What does that mean?"
"Ebba and Champagne are getting married, coming Saturday. I am so happy for them." I said.
"Oh, hell no..." said Denver, his voice filled with dread. As he lifted his head.
"Why?"
"Axis is the opposite of Uranus." "So?" I asked, confused.
"You know how Axis is? The paparazzi there are brutal! The fans are nuts! Crazy! They get on my nerves. And..." Denver hesitated. "Maybe the rumor has already spread by now. They may ask about it."
"What rumour?"
"The one I told you about before, Leena Russel and me."
"Oh..."
"Don't worry, we will see," I said, calming him down.
******
It was Friday night; I was reading a book on my bed, leaning against the pillows.
Denver was packing up our things in the suitcase. I was not going with him. Because I had claustrophobia on the plane. I didn't tell Ebba about this. But Denver and I had hot arguments on this. I had claustrophobia on the plane, so I suggested that we go on the train, but Denver had motion sickness, so now we didn't know what to do. We ended the argument in a huff. I went to bed with my book while Denver packed the suitcase. It was all quiet for a few minutes. I then gave Denver the idea to arrive first by plane while I came by train. Denver unwillingly agreed. I could see that he was disappointed. But there didn't seem to be any other way. So it was settled.
Denver walked toward the study table to pick up a parcel. He grabbed a cutter from the study table and began to open it.
"Aaaah!"
He yelped, and I looked up from the book. He held up his finger in the light to look at the tiny cut. Blood was oozing out.
"Come here," I said as he looked at me. He walked towards me, brooding over his finger like a child, and sat on the edge of the bed. I took out some ointment, cotton, and bandages from the side table and got to work. I accidentally smeared some blood on my book. "Oop!" but ignored it.
"Thanks." He smiled, and so did I.
"Right now, I just got the same feeling when you were healing me, that feeling was just similar to the way you heal me emotionally when you were giving a lesson about family. When you were saying encouraging things to me." Denver said.
I smiled, "I can't help myself when I see the gloominess inside of people. I just have to go and heal them in some way I can."
He gave a beautiful smile, making me blush. "You are an angel for me." "You are a prince for me," I said.
And then I yawned. Denver mimicked me yawning, opening his mouth wide and making faces to tease me, and then we both laughed. He slammed his hand over my hand and held it tenderly, to which I also kept my hand over his. We both were gazing at each other with a smile on our faces.
"Okay, now I am going to sleep," I said. As I got up and laid on my bed, turning to my right side while Denver tucked me in, bringing the quilt up to my cheeks. He stroked my hair and tucked it behind my ear, and then he left to continue the work he was doing before.
*************
It was beyond midnight when my eyes snapped open. Something isn't right. My heart felt heavy. I could feel a headache coming on. I turned to my left to find that Denver was not there. His side of the bed was cold. I felt a longing for him. I stayed up for a little while, took some pain relief from my headache, and told myself that I'd be meeting him soon.
But I couldn't sleep. So then I grabbed my book from the side table. I opened the bookmarked page and began reading::
Bruce hugged his wife, Kristen. Bruce was in his astronaut outwear, holding a helmet. Kristen was crying as if she knew that his death had reached its destination and was waiting for him. Bruce wiped her tears off. "Be brave, dear, nothing will happen to me." And then he kissed her hand, patted it, And then he left. Giving her a last wave.
                                          





                                                   16
His death
"5...4...3….2...1..." The rocket heaved with its upward force to launch against the gravity with all its might leaving heavy smoke behind. And as soon as it gushed upward-
Right there, I noticed Denver's blood on the end of that line. I turned the page over and continued reading:
A few seconds later, it exploded into a raging ball of fire…."
And then my mobile rang. I picked it up and brought it to my ear.
"Is this Mrs. Denver speaking?" a deep voice said at the other end...
"Yes?"
"This is Inspector Warren speaking from the Uranus Police Department. I am sorry to tell you this, Mrs. Denver, but your husband had an accident. He is no more…."
"Wha- what?" My eyes bulged in horror. The officer kept talking about the formalities, but I had already zoned out. My mobile slipped from my hand. I started to pant. I couldn't believe what I had just heard about him.
"No...no..." I said in disbelief, shaking my head. "Nooooo…….!!!" Something like a roar escaped my throat, and I began to sob. "Denver, no……!!" I couldn't stop crying; I couldn't hold back my tears. I felt helpless and hopeless. Feeling miserable, terribly, deeply empty as if some miserable dark hollow inside my heart. Denver can't leave me alone like that? I have just recovered from blindness, and now he is gone?
I bent forward, sobbing. I let out a loud sob, screamed in disbelief, and then my eyes flung open as I gasped.
I realized it was a horrible nightmare.
I quickly sat up in bed and frantically looked around but realized my nightmare had turned real. There were no signs of Denver, no suitcases, as it was immaculately clean.
"Den?" I called out loudly, but there was no sign of him.
"Denver," I started to gasp, my heart throbbing a million times per second. "DENVER!" And then I heard footsteps quickly approaching upstairs towards our bedroom.
Denver appeared in the doorway to our room, stunned. I got up immediately and ran towards him, throwing my arms around him. I started to sob.
"Okay, it's okay…sit, sit...down." I was sobbing so much that I got an asthma attack. I could not breathe; I was trying to take a deep breath.
"Oh, God!" Denver muttered frantically. Denver made me sit at the edge of my bedside. He abruptly pulled the drawer with his shaky hand; he quickly removed things to find an inhaler. I was holding the bedsheet tightly, stretching it. My loud breathing, desperate to get air into my lungs, made him more frantic. Finally, he found it as he grabbed it, but due to his hand being too shaky, it fell down from his hand. He bent down and picked it up, held my mouth gently, and sprayed it inside my mouth. I then felt relieved.
He then sat beside me and hugged me again. He held me around my back, and my face leaned against his cheeks while he placed a hand on my cheeks in a way that my face was surrounded by his arm. He released me, and I told him everything all in one breath. Denver held my hand, soothing it as my hand was shaking. "I want to go with you to Denver… Please..."
Denver looked down, then nodded. A few seconds later, he burst out laughing. I looked at him in disbelief.
"Thank you for your nightmare." He said as he continued laughing. "Finally, your nightmare has made your mind go with me." He kept laughing as if I had cracked a funny joke. The jerk! I did not find it funny at all and huffed and crossed my arms.
His laughter then subsided, and he wiped off my tears with his thumb.
"I am never going to leave you alone, you understand? Never. I promise to love you
till our last breath."
He then made me lie on the bed. Pulled the quilt up to my cheeks. He also laid near me at the edge of the bed for support. He held my hand, my fingers curled around between his fingers. Held his hand tightly with desperation. Denver yawned as he kept his hand on the side of his head; his eyes were getting droopy, nearly to get closed. But he continued staring at me, he yawned as he looked at the time, and it was beyond midnight. He looked at me, bent over me to kiss my forehead.
 As I was in a deep sleep, my hand felt loose; Denver carefully straightened out my curled fingers and slowly took out his hand from mine. So that he may go to get prepared for sleep.



17
Departure
We were the first to reach the Departure area of the humongous and immaculate airport. There was no one; it was deserted except some workers. We were brisk walking until I slowed down to stop myself from panting again. I was feeling suffocated. Denver stopped and turned back. He approached me. I crumpled down on the floor, reached my hand inside the right pocket of my jacket, and grabbed the inhaler. I inhaled deeply with the inhaler. But unfortunately, it didn't work, my gasping grew louder, and everyone began staring at me.
I started slamming my hand against the tiles. I felt like I was being smothered by the disease. Denver walked towards me and fell on his knees as he held me around firmly, soothing my arm. "Hey, hey..relax...nothing is going to happen." His voice was barely a calming whisper, easy enough to comfort me; he gently held my slamming hand, clasping his hand with mine but with a firm grip. He reminded me to think of good memories. Those memories were potent enough to heal me. And I would say goodbye to asthma because it didn't occur again after that.
"Remember the feeling when I saved you from the sea, when you were drowning to death...How we had enjoyed and spent a good time at the club… How we
celebrated your birthday…."
And then I felt oxygen coming in when he reminded me of those things when all the flashbacks swiftly made it into my mind. And he kept reminding me.
"Remember how we enjoyed dancing."
And then a flashback came of us dancing.
"How did you feel when you first saw me?"
Good memories helped me breathe. "Visualise that oxygen is coming into your lungs." At this, I visualised. I was utterly trying my best to work on what he was saying ___Trying to engross myself in what he was saying, completely putting myself in it. And, I felt it was working.
And then I was able to breathe as my eyes opened. Everyone was looking at our dramatic scene. Denver kissed my cheeks and made me stand up as I got on my feet, and then we continued ambling, holding his hand.
At 8:30am, we boarded Aero Uranus. Denver sat near the window, and I was beside him. We were sitting in the 20th row on the very left side. It was a beautiful, partly cloudy sky; I leaned back, heaved a sigh, and straightened out my legs as I closed my eyes. I was feeling stressed out because of my claustrophobia. Denver was reading a magazine. He hid his face inside his magazine so that no one could recognize him. The air hosts stood at the end of each aisle row to guide and give safety precautions with the female voice coming from the speaker.
And then it was time to fly. The plane began to move. "Okay…" I sighed. "Here we go." I gulped as I held both the handles of the seat tightly. I gulped again and closed my eyes. Denver saw me becoming anxious, so he shoved his hand inside his left jeans pocket and took out bubble gum. He nudged me, which made my eyes open. I turned my face towards him, and he was offering me a turquoise blue packet of a stack of turquoise blue-colored gums. I picked one out of it, and he also took one out of it. "Listen to some music." He advised, and then he leaned back.
"I don't have it, I forgot to put it inside the purse." "But I have kept it." He said.
I then picked up my purse, opened it and searched for it and saw my mobile kept inside. I felt very thankful for him. I put some music on. I listened to the music of Anxieties by The Landing.
Meanwhile, the plane stops, "here we go.." I said slowly, and then the plane slowly gradually moved, rushing its speed forward along with an accelerating engine voice.
I turned the volume high, and then I immediately grabbed Denver's hand tightly, his fingers firmly closed around mine. And then it took off, the aeroplane tilted, and I could see the small building of Uranus town. As we rose in altitude, the scattered clouds were beneath the aeroplane. And then we were surrounded by fluffy white clouds.
My anxiety waned a bit, and I was able to relax. After that, I got bored listening to music, so I surfed the little built-in TV to watch a movie, and the first number from the list was a Denver Reckon movie named "Behind the curtain." I looked at Denver, but he was sleeping, so I put it on and began to watch. After one and half hours, the pilot announced that we would be reaching Axis in fifteen minutes. The temperature is -26 degrees.
Denver opened his eyes, but he didn't see me watching his movie because there was a man's face on the screen. So he didn't recognize it. He reached his hands inside the hand-carry and took out a black leather jacket, glasses, and a cap he adorned. He prepared himself to look like an ordinary person for Axis airport as people might get crazy if they spotted him. When I watched Denver as Trotter Amos was saying something in the mirror in the movie. "That was my difficult
part."
Denver said over my headphones as the volume was low, so I could hear him.
"Why?" I asked
"Speaking in front of the mirror is not easy. Imagine yourself in this state."
"I can understand."
"I would burst into laughter whenever I had to practice this scene. It happened to me almost five times and I was getting on the director's nerves."
"But still, you did it," I said admiringly, making him chuckle, and I smiled before turning back to watch the movie. After fifteen minutes, the plane landed at the Axis airport. I again held the handles of the seat. And then it slowed down to a stop.
We then got off the plane and walked through the terminal to get inside the airport.
We took a trolley to support our baggage. I was looking around if someone might be looking at us, but thankfully they were not, except my eyes met two people whispering into each other's ear while gazing at us.
Our baggage arrived, and we carried it. Denver carried his black one, and I carried a dark indigo one.
We then made our way out of the airport to where the drivers were standing. We saw a man wearing dark glasses, a red cap, and a brown leather jacket approaching us. When he took off his glasses, we recognized that it was Adam.
"Hey!" Adam said, "Hi!" Denver replied as they shook hands and hugged each other. "You look so changed." I complimented him.
"Changed? How?" We talked as we all continued our way leading outside the airport. It was sunny but partly cloudy. "You've certainly lost weight."
Adam chuckled, looking down.
"Well, thanks to your best friend Ebba."
"So where are we going to stay..?" Denver said, moving the trolley loaded with our suitcases.
"The guest house."
"Guesthouse?" I was confused.
"Ebba, Shampain and I are living there. It's huge and comfy. We are living in one corner of the guest house while you guys get the other all to yourself, how cool is that?"
"Wow. And..how are they?"
"They are very good. Ebba is excited about her marriage and super excited about you guys coming. How was the journey?"
"Yeah there was some turbulence in the middle of our flight," said Denver. "Turbulence?" I asked. "Didn't feel it?"
"Yeah, it was very light. You were engrossed in watching the movie."
We then stood before a black car. The driver came out, walked around the car, and greeted us warmly. He shook hands with Denver. "How are you?" The driver asked. "I am good."
"It's a pleasure to meet you.."
"Me too."
"My kids are huge fans of yours."
"Oh really? Make them meet me.." "Sure.."
"You can keep your suitcases inside, it's spacious enough inside," Adam said. "It's a Rolls Royce Phantom." "What's that?" I asked.
He didn't say anything as Adam and Denver looked at each other, grinning as if they knew. "We will not describe until you take a look yourself," Adam said. That gave me a feeling of what kind of car it would be. He then opened the door, and my mouth dropped open.
The interior was spacious, beautiful, and luxurious, with the walls made of dark brown wood and soft white cushioned seats. Everything about it seemed expensive.
Even the smell!
I climbed inside and noticed that the floor was carpeted in purple. It was deliciously warm inside. Denver and Adam later joined me. Adam gave us a tour inside the car to get familiarised with our surroundings.
"Wow..this is just wow…." I really couldn't form a collection of words to admire. It was the first time in my life in a car like this. Adam showed us that the AC and the heater were located in the ceiling. With a temperature controller, a TV attached to it at the back of the front passenger and driver's seat. The windows had automatic sliding curtains that operated with the touch of a button hidden discreetly at the doors.
There was enough space to keep the suitcases inside. Adam clicked at another button, and a small fridge-like contraption clicked open to reveal drinks of all colors and sizes, including the vintage wines, along with champagne glasses.
I had never thought that I would be travelling inside the Rolls Royce Phantom one day.
We thanked Adam for the car and travelled ahead swiftly. Denver seemed undeterred, as though all of this was normal for him. It probably was. He saw the look on my face.
"Yeah, I am used to it.." He shrugged.
I raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"
"What? I am used to it. In Los Angeles, I used to go in this type of car all the
time."
"You are so lucky Den."
"I am lucky now... And you are lucky as well." He smiled, "See, that's what
benefits you get when you become a celebrity's wife."
"And that was your choice."
"Well, thanks to your ceaseless blindness and asthma." He chuckled.
I shook my head, smiling.
"Do you need any refreshment?" He asked, and I nodded. He took out a pina colada bottle and a wine glass, poured it, and handed it to me. I grabbed it.
"By the way, Denver, I have a question that has been hovering in my mind since the first time we met."
I took a sip of my pina colada. It tasted refreshing. Blended with blueberry and mint. Its color was blue, and it was bubbling up inside.
"About what?" Denver asked.
"Like, how you know me, how you know my full name, my face."
"First time, at a restaurant and then a second time when I was a bit hesitant when Miss Pattinson asked me to take help in sociology from you.
And when you collapsed at the restaurant, I walked towards you, the whole crowd gathered around you, and I saw your full name on an ID card." "Oh!" I was surprised.
And then his phone rang. He pulled it out from his jean's pocket and received it.
"Hello? Yes, this is Denver Reckon speaking….. no, it was just a rumor...yeah…."
He then laughed. "It was not true… really? Where?" At this, I looked at him, surprised.
"Oh wow...thank you so much... you gave us a new opportunity. Okay..thank you so much." And then he ended the call.
He looked at the screen, smiling.
"Someone's happy?" I observed.
"The director of the movie Blackers, is calling me to shoot in Los Angeles," Denver explained.
"Really?," I asked happily.
And he nodded, looking at me smiling.
"Oh my God! That's awesome! And what about that rumor?"



"Well, it has been resolved," said Denver, shoving his mobile phone in his jacket pocket.









18
Guesthouse
It took us a whole hour to reach the guest house. We got out of the car onto the massive driveway of the massive palace of a guest house. It was surrounded by greenery and wildflowers. A magnificent blue swimming pool sat rippling in the middle of the whole expanse. The guest house itself was colored light peach brown with slanting roofs. It looked magnificent. We walked inside the guest house.
Inside, to our right, sat the receptionist, and beside him, a long, gilded staircase went up to the rooms. Across the entrance to the left side were sofas and a TV set in the corner.
Adam took us upstairs to our room and opened the door. Our room was humongous. It was decorated with an LCD TV, a master bed, heavy curtains draped over tall, wide lattice windows, and a plush emerald green carpet. The walls were wallpapered in elegant designs and patterns. Sofas and chairs were placed in the corners. A whole bar for juices and knick-knacks was located at the far end. A whole bar all to ourselves. I was pleasantly impressed. There was an attached bathroom as well and a walk-in closet.
There was a wide spacious rectangular terrace. Out on the balcony, on the right and left sides were beautiful palm trees leaning against the balcony's railing. The balcony looked out over the massive swimming pool, bordered by sofas and poolside chairs. I could hear instrumental music piping out from a speaker somewhere, relaxing and giving a light touch to the whole environment.
Suddenly, we three heard a bark outside our door. I went to open the door, and there stood Ebba and Champagne with their golden labrador.
"Oh my god!" Ebba exclaimed as we hugged each other. "How are you!" I pet the dog. "He's grown up!" The dog jumped around in glee.
"I am good," I said. "You?"
"Fab! I am SO glad to see you guys finally here!" Ebba shook hands with Denver while Champagne shook my hand too.
"Pleasure to meet you."
"It's good to see you too," I said, Champagne then hugged Denver. "I am a huge fan of yours. I am in love with your acting."
"Thank you so much," Denver said humbly. He eyed the dog.
"Her name is Maddy. Very well trained and sweet." Ebba told.
"You like pets?" Denver asked me.
And I nodded and scooped Maddy up.
"Not me. I am scared of pets. You never know when they might get aggressive.
And bite you."
"She is well trained. When she is told or familiarised with everyone she doesn't bite unless there's a stranger." Ebba said.
Then Maddy stood up on her hind paws and placed both of her paws on my chest, sticking her tongue out. I held her paws.
"Hold on," Ebba quickly took out her phone and snapped a picture of us. "Cute."
She said, looking at the shot.
We then settled down to have our lunch. Adam ordered all of us club sandwiches, cokes, and french fries. We talked about our lives and toasted our cokes.





                              19
            Encounter with fans
That night we decided to get some gifts for Ebba and her husband. Because the next day was their big day. Maddy wanted to come with us so Ebba allowed her. As we walked out of the guest house. As soon as we got out of the guest house, we were surrounded by paparazzi full of questions from them. Millions of cameras were flashing and clicking pictures of us as we struggled to make our way through them. I saw Denver growing frustrated and trying to evade them.
I got an idea. I picked Maddy up and positioned her so that she would bark at all the strangers in front of us. This swiftly made way for us and we quickly got into the car and drove away.  Denver sighed as he leaned back, feeling relaxed.
"Thanks dude." He said, turning his face towards me.
"No prob," I said as I settled Maddy onto my lap. She made herself comfortable, preparing to sleep, having done an excellent job helping us out. Soon, I could hear her soft snoring.
"One girl also asked me about me and Leena Russel's relationship." He said while looking ahead. His tone shows some sort of irritation, but I could gauge that he is good at camouflaging this feeling with normal ones.
"Seriously?" I looked at him, surprised.
And he nodded with a small smile. "I can't believe these people are still hung up on that."
"I can realise that." I said as we both laughed.
After forty-five minutes, the shopping mall came into view, and we got out of the car and walked inside. We went to the first shop in the mall to buy gifts.
"Excuse me." A voice-only meant for our ears to hear. Both of us turned at the same time.
There were two twin teenage girls, both wearing pink dresses...
"Are you a Denver Reckon?" one girl said. Denver nodded, confused. "Oh my gosh! I am a super huge fan of yours! Your first acting was tremendous in the last two movies you did. Behind the curtain and Beneath the heaven...I guess…" At this, I saw the confusion on his face.
"No, only behind the curtain." He corrected her, laughing shyly.
"Oh, it wasn't you in the movie beneath the heaven. Well, that guy seemed like you." It almost seemed like she wanted to keep in conversation with him for a long time. And Denver was feeling uncomfortable as he was looking around. Afraid of being caught by another fan.
Her sister recognized his feelings and felt awkward. So she cut in and asked if they could get a selfie with him.
Denver nodded approvingly with a slight humble smile on his face.
They then took a selfie of us with him. I felt inferior as all the attention was being given to Denver. After that, the girls went away, saying thank you. I saw them immediately check their phones to squeal over the selfies they had taken. Denver looked at me and saw my upset face when they had gone.
"You don't need to feel down. You don't know how all this fame and protocol make a celebrity feel."
It sounded like he was bound to it. Bound to get these protocols, but I still asked him.
"What do you mean?"
"Some celebrities find it cool and some feel awkward and anxious. Like me. You're sort of lucky in your way. I don't know if it makes sense." I nodded. "It does. Let's go see other shops, shall we?"
He smiled and nodded as we went to another shop to our left side. There were so many beautiful and eye-catching products that made both of us confused about what to select. It took 5 minutes to decide on which gift we should give them. And we finally agreed on it. We selected those products and took them to the counter as we stood by them. As we were standing by the counter waiting for the shopkeeper's gifts to be wrapped up, we heard a voice, which seemed like an old lady's voice.
High pitched and happy as a lark.
"Hello.." She tapped on Denver's shoulder. He turned around to see an elderly lady with straightened blonde hair and a very dark red lipstick on. She seems fashionable. She gazed at her for a second, taking time to recognize him if he was that same celebrity that she wanted to meet.
"Oh, my my! It's my first time encountering a celebrity." She was way too loud, which was clearly making Denver awkward. And then I realized that I was definitely lucky. Poor Denver… I thought. "You are so charming and cute!" She said, at this; I turned away a little to chuckle discreetly, my hand over my mouth.
She fished out her mobile from her brown purse and then hung her arm around his neck and confidently took a selfie with him.
"Thank you." And then she trotted away on her high heels.
"Okay..so before we get hogged by any more funny fans like that, let's get out of here," Denver said; his voice was low and nearly a whisper to me. I smiled.
"Right.." I said as we both giggled and made our way out of the mall.

                             





   20
  Miracle
After coming from the wedding, at night, I wore a maroon skirt that went beyond my knees. Wearing my favourite golden circle dangling high-heeled sandals. That sandal has dangling circles all over the straps with my bare feet of red nail polish inside the sandal.
As I walked, my heels clearly sounded on the tiles, and then I stood near the railing of the terrace, keeping my hand on it, looking at the sky with a smile on my face. A cool breeze was blowing, and I saw a cloud gradually forming the shape of what looked like a heart. I was thinking about how happy and safe I was feeling. Music bleated from the speakers, which I had turned on previously. The small lamp ceiled at the top gives a dim amber glow to the terris, making the environment looks super erotic.
Then a beautiful scent carried onto the breeze. I closed my eyes and felt it. When I opened them, I sensed someone standing in peripheral vision.
Denver.
He was standing right beside me. Looking at me.
"God! Denver, you made me scared!" I said as he chuckled. He was wearing a black suit adorned over a grey shirt with a black tie.
"What are you doing?" He asked.
I faced him. Approaching closer, holding his arm and leaned forward, closing my eyes, and a wave of beautiful thoughts of how we first met swiftly drove into my mind. All the memories washed over me.
"I like it," I said.
"What?" He asked.
"Your scent. It reminded me of something nice."
"Like what?" He asked, knitting his eyebrows but as if he was in the mood to tease me.
"The time when we first met, the way you saved me from when I was in trouble." "Not them?" He joked as he gave a small smile, a kind of smile as if he wanted me to make a guess about something.
"Who?" I asked, confused.
"Jordan and Amanda were also present at that time." His tone was somewhat obvious.
"Oh.. shut up…." I shook my head as we both laughed; we both gazed at each other for a while. Smiling.
The instrumental version of the song named 'Miracle' began to play. It reminded me of the asthma attack I had at a birthday party when I sang this song. My smile fades into a serious one. I immediately looked down, trying to hide my emotion as I gulped. Denver sensed my gloominess; he looked at me with a deep sense of sorrow.
I would appreciate that Denver has a god gifted talent for making correct guesses about what is bothering me.
"Hey, don't think about the past." He said as I looked up to him. "Think how I saved you and took you out from the tough times, think how you felt when you
gained your eyesight back. Miracle is the perfect song for you. It's meant for this."
I looked down, and then Denver held my hand and brought his other hand on my waist, and then we began to move lightly. Moving our feet according to our dance moves. We began to dance. He then sang over the music. His voice was captivating.
"From up above, I heard
The angels sing me these words….
And sometimes in your eyes I see the beauty in the world…." He sang while caressing my cheeks.
"Now you sing," Denver said, but I hesitated, "Come on, it will make you feel good." He encouraged me, to which I later sang another verse with my voice getting shaky, but I managed it.
"Oh, now I'm floating so high
I blossom and die
Send your storm and your lightning to strike
Me between the eyes.."
"Eyes ." Denver completed. And then we both joined our heads with each other.
Sooner or later, the way he continues to give constant vibes of utmost love, along with the music, that same music that was making me feel gloomy and dark, just a second ago, uplifted my soul to sing another verse of it. This time my voice was less quivery than before.
"Sometimes the stars decide
To reflect in puddles in the dirt...
When I look into your eyes
I forget all about what hurts."
And then we both sang those verses of that song. "Oh, now I am floating so high. I blossom and die. Send your storm and your lightning to strike me between the eyes. Eyes….." (music began).
I admit that we both should become singers. Our voices were so beautiful.
My eyes again got watery because I felt emotional again; I could feel my heart heavy with tears. I was nearly weeping; Denver noticed it; there was a sense of sympathy in his beautiful eyes. "No, Charlotte, no.. don't think about that, my love...I am your life now...I am your everything." Denver wiped tears from my eyes, kissed my forehead for a long time, and then joined his head with mine again.
Later his kind words and his vibrant, soothing vibes made my tears come to a stop.
And then, something __ like, some collection of words forming in my mind evokes me to speak to him about what he deserves to be listened to.
"Denver," I said
"Hmm…" He responded.
"Thank you,"
"For what?"
"From taking me out from terrible tough times. Healing me from blindness and asthma. You made me feel as if you had shown me the sunny blue sky through
your strength by shoving away the dark smothery clouds from life."
He smirked as he looked down, shook his head, and then kissed my forehead again.
"That's because I love you..."
"And I love you more than your love, Denver."
I then hugged him, which later made him kiss my cheeks. And his cheeks remained on mine. He was holding my hand delicately, a beautifully golden flowery decorated hand slave bracelet I was wearing on my hand.
"You showed me the bright sunny sky by shoving away... The Smothery Clouds."
The End.




